Oijs gains jasmine focus. SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 1860. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers answered questions put by or on behalf of Mr. Macintosh, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Dangar, Mr. O'Connor, Mr. Bat hour, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. T. R. Smith, and Mr. Bennett, respecting the Marine Parade at Double Bay, the sale by auction of' country lands, the proposed cancellation of the Bingera Gold-field Reserve, the comparative cost of railway engines the new School at Wandook, the proposed appointment of a Warden tor Temora Gold-field, the suspension of Judge Meymott, the salaries and classification of Railway employees, the claim of the widow of the late Railway guard, Eva, and the erection of a Public school at Moonbi. A message was received from his Excellency the Governor recommending Additional Supplementary Loan and Surplus Revenue Estimates for consideration, and it was ordered that it be referred to the Committee of Supply. Ministers laid on the table abstracts of Crown lands reserved for towns, villages, and water supply; agricultural returns ; correspondence in reference to Ka- toomba falls, and the selections of Messrs. Kennedy and Hicks at Port Hacking, and it was ordered that the documents be printed. Mr. MACINTOSH moved the adjournment of the House in order that he might be enabled to impress upon the Government that they should take steps as early as possible for the restoration, in the interests of the public, of the land at Double Bay known as the " Marine Parade " and the " Steyne." Mr. WISDOM admitted the importance of the proposed restoration, but there was move difficulty in the matter than seemed to be generally known. The land was granted to Messrs. Cooper and Levy in 1853, in return for what the Government of that day thought was a valuable consideration, and it could not be taken from its present proprietor unless he were allowed compensa- tion. Mr. MACINTOSH concurred that, under the circumstances, the proprietor was entitled to compensation, and hoped the Government would enter into negotiations with him for the restoration of the land for the benefit of the residents of Double Bay. The motion for the adjournment was put and negatived. . Returns relative to the deodorisation of offensive matter were ordered, on the motion of Mr. FAIIICEIA. Leave was given to Sir HENRY PARKES to introduce the Pastures and Live Stock Animals Depredation Prevention Bill, and the bill was brought up and read a first time. The Executive Councillors Functions Bill was read a third time, and passed. The amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Secret Bills of Sale Act Amendment Bill were in part adopted, and in part negatived, in Committee of the Whole, and reported. It was resolved, in Committee of the Whole, at the instance of of Mr. J. DAVIES, for Mr. Cameron, that it was expedient to bring in a Bill for the Protection of Birds and Animals, and the bill was subsequently brought up and read a first time. An address to his Excellency the Governor, recommending that a sum not exceeding 500 be paid to the legal representatives of the late Mr. W. Simons, as compensation for land in the city of Goulburn, taken for railway purposes, was agreed to in Committee of the Whole, on the motion of Mr. TEECE, and reported. Mr. COPELAND moved a series of resolutions affirm, ing that, in the opinion of the House, the gold-fields regulations in relation to mining lenses should be amended in certain particulars, in accordance with the Victorian regulations, which had worked well. Mr. BARR" opposed the adoption of the regulations, which he contended were, in some respects, inconsistent with the law. Alter remarks from Mr. LYNCH and Mr. BEYERS, attention was called to the state of the House, and as a quorum was not made, ' r ' Mr. SPEAKER adjourned the House at seventeen minutes past 6 to 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. If Parliament had not passed some measures of the first class, during the present session, the motto of this chapter of our history might have been-" Validity of valids- ties ! all is validity." The time of the Legislature has been occupied to an extent before unknown in the work of condoning breaches of the land law, and giving sanction to transactions which were legally invalid. The first thing was to destroy the legal effect of non fulfilment of the improvement condition in cases which had not been, though they ought to have been, already disposed of. Numbers of people have made conditional purchases, but lost the land through non-compliance with the conditions ; but others, who are said, to have deliberately abstained from compliance because they thought the law would be altered, have had the law altered as a reward for their defiance of it and their selections, which they had rendered liable to forfeiture, have been declared valid in that respect. The next step was to validate the conditional purchase of lands which, having been previously free- selected and then forfeited, were not open to selection, Hundreds, probably thousands, of such cases have occurred ; but though the law had been broken, and the selectors had no more right to take up the land than they had to peg out for themselves portions of the high- way in George-street, Parliament has stepped in to validate their action, and to say to them, "Never mind the law : you have seized these lands, and you shall be allowed to hold them." Last of all comes the bill which was discussed to some extent in the Assembly on Wednesday, to the disgust of Mr. GAimET-, who seems to consider that proceedings which illustrate the folly and mischievous tendencies of the land law " ought to be carried through with bated breath, if not in silence. Parliamentary, validation is an admirable thing for people whose holdings hang upon a thread, and whose titles could not bear the test of inquiry ; but there are others who have supposed that the law was to be respected, and have striven, at much cost and trouble, to comply with it; and, in view of what has occurred, they might well cry out " Farce of farces ! the law is a farce, and heavily have we paid for the folly of mistaking its character." It is not easy to imagine a stronger practical condemnation of free selection before survey than that which has been afforded by the introduction of the bill last referred to, and the remark, of its supporters. Some of them were seemingly indignant at the idea that any person ignorant of the great land mystery should venture to say a word to hinder the passing of a measure of suilji palpable necessity. But these gentlemen, with their superior knowledge, were apparently unable to perceive the effect of their own arguments. The necessity of resorting to heroic remedies implies the existence of sore disease. What worse thing could be said of the land law than that its operation enforces, by little short of absolute necessity, the adoption of measures which violate the -ist principles of sound legislation ? It is interesting to trace the connection between cause and ghost in. this matter. The links of the chain were pointed out in the debate with the familiarity of experts. From free selection all over the colony follows the need for sprinkling the whole territory with reserves. As the reserves are not only numerous but temporary, and liable' to be cancelled or modified as to their boundaries at any time, it would be futile to expect them to be surveyed and marked out with accuracy. Under these conditions, the intending selector is beset on all sides by the task of taking up land which is not open to selection, and is liable, after spending his money and settling down in his new home, to be dispossessed by the Government. And the Government is compelled either to enforce the law, or to become " a party to its violation by neglecting to enforce it, or by introducing a bill to con- done its violation, like the one now before Parliament. If the thing were not an actual fact under the observation of the whole community it would be hardly possible to conceive that such a reckless, improvident, and "confusiou-piodueing system of settlement could have been deliberately established by any Legislature. The plea of necessity was a strong one in support of this particular bill, but when more closely considered, it takes the shape of a strong condemnatory judgment upon the original land law. The portions of land to which the hill refers number somewhere about two hundred, and some of the speakers the other night seemed to think it marvellous that the application of the plaster should be required in so few cases. Here again, if they did not con- sciously condemn the land law, they involuntarily exposed their want of confidence in it. Millions of acres of land have been sold by free selection, and the sales represent many thousands of transactions. But, ad- mitting- all that, if the system were a sound and safe one the marvel would be, not. that so few cases had come up for treatment since 1870, the date of the last bill, but that there had been so many. And here it may be asked, how many more will there be when a few, more years have passed ? We have no guarantee how many claims as urgent as those contained in the schedules now before us are in process of incubation. Resides, in order to obtain a correct view of the situation, the bill to legalize the conditional purchase of forfeited selections and the bill now under notice ought to be thrown together, and to the cases specified in the present schedules should' be added those which the other bill whitewashed wholesale, which are to be counted by thousands, and are, as the. auctioneers say. too numerous to particularise What distinction of prime cattle is there between the two classes of cat ^ - In the one, people have been misled by uncertainty as to the position of reserves in the other, they have been misled by uncertainty as to the meanir.v{tT of the law ; but in both after uncertainty has been removed by the proper authorityVsf the source of difficulty lay in the fact that the parties had selected land which was not open to selection. The theory maintained by the __,_>porlors of the bill on Wednesday was, that the cases covered by it were all cases of pure hardship. We are not in a position to say whether that theory was correct or incorrect, but that is just the position occupied by the nu members generally. There may be presumptive' evi" ''dence to support the theory, in the fact that these cases have been in fees tigated by the Lands Department ; but tNk'ie House could hardly have been accused of e s - cessive scrupulously if it had asked for some thing more substantial than this presumptive evidence. When the last bill of the kind was before Parliament, it was suggested that there might be cases in which the parties had not been so ignorant as they pretended to be, but had settled down upon lands of special value in the hope that, if they were not turned off for several years, they might successfully plead hardship, and. get their selections included in the schedule of a legalizing Act. When the last bill was before the Council, it was referred to a select committee, on the motion of Mr. SAMUEL. Will Mr. SAMUEL see to it that the same sound policy shall be ill lOWed on this occasion ? It does not add to the dignity or usefulness of the Supreme Court that the relative efficiency of its several members should be repeatedly overhauled in Parliament. The state of things, however, is peculiar, and the Government is not responsible for the difficulty which has arisen. There were reasonable grounds last year for hoping that before this Sir JAMES MARTIN- would have fully recovered his physical strength and that Mr. Justice HARGRAVE would, after a spell, have been as ready for hard work as before. It is unfortunate that at this juncture there are two Judges whose term of office is nearly out, but who, in lieu of retiring, are about to ask for leave of absence. It has been stated, and with good reason, that no one better deserves leave than Mr. Justice FAUCETT, who has worked continuously. Under the circumstances, and with arrears already accumulating, there is no alternative but to strengthen the Supreme Court for the time being, but the particular crisis is one that will not last, and unless the constant work of the Court is increasing, there is no necessity for permanently increas- ing the judicial stair". Another twelve months ought definitely to settle all questions as. to leave of absence, as with every desire to be considerate to officers of high distinction, and-of great merit, the Government is bound to see that the public work is done when the public money is paid. The objection to having an acting, Judge is not so strong this year as last. The objection is based on the inconvenience of taking from the Bar a practitioner mixed up with cases, using him as a Judge, and then letting him return to the strife of cases again. But Mr. Justice WINDEYER has been away from the Bar for twelve months, and no inconvenience can arise from continuing his appointment and if all the other Judges who are nominally at work take their full share, and Sir ' JAMES MARTIN shortly return to duty, the arrears ought to be worked out". The business of the Court ought not to be allowed to get into arrears, nor ought not to be rushed through without giving the Judges time to form deliberate opinions. It? is not only the interests of the different litigants that are involved, there is at stake also the reputation of the Court, and the shaping OLD that part of our law which rests on judicial decisions. The question is one in which the whole community is interested, and one was to which the Government must unavoidably accept the responsibility which rests upon it. In the short debate that took place on the Military Estimates on Wednesday evening, SirÎIEXRÏ PARKES, on the part of the Government, laid down two principles which carry the whole question. He said he was not one of those who thought that we should leave the country to the mercy of any man trading vagabonds, and he did not believe in depend- ing upon England, as we were rich enough to depend upon ourselves. Only admit lactose two principles, and everything in the way of preparation for defence that any reasonable people have asked for, follows, It is obvious that we; can adopt say one of three courses : We can, if we line, play the Quaker ; we can let the whole world knoW that we are open to be robbed, and that we shall offer no resistance that the wealth I that we have accrued is at the disposal of anybody who has not care conscience to keep his hands off it. But as we do not adopt that' policy in our interior administration, it would be somewhat inconsistent to adopt it in our foreign policy. As a community Yve do not do without bolts and bars, or AYTOUN out police. We do not allow marauders to steal what does not belong to them, and we do not think that individual property ought not to be protected. On the contrary, we complain bitterly if the Government does not provide sufficient police protection, and we think the department is to blame if burglars are- not caught and punished. It would not be easy to pay why we should give to foreign burglars a liberty that we do not grant to the domestic ones of that profession. But if we are to be defended from attack from without, it is only rational to have it -owe effectively. This could either be done for us, or by us. These are some who take the ground that it is no duty of our own, but that it belongs to the Imperial authorises ties-that those who have in charge Imperial affairs, ought to see that we are looked after and protected. The Empire Would not have much reason to be proud of a colony in, which such an opinion was dominant, and certainly such a colony would neither be an ornament in peace, nor a strength in war. happi y, however, it is only a few who take this ground, and their wild. vagaries do not represent public opinion. The instinct of self-respect, and the sense of common fairness, compels the majority of colonists to admit that it is their duty to defend themselves, and that they have no right to cast this burden on their more heavily taxed countrymen in the United Kingdom. The question practically, therefore, becomes tone of professionals detail, namely, what defence will be most effective, and how it can be most econoriiipivly constructed and maintained. On this point, we have been at the expense first of getting the opinion of the most competent people we had amongst ourselves, and then the opinion of a distinguished officer in the Imperial service, who has had large experience. But there are people who are not soldiers, and who have not studied the question, who feel quite sure that the authorities are all wrong, and that they could plan a simple and effective scheme which would be very much cheaper. They are prepared to find fault with everything that has been done, to laugh at those who have done it, and to pledge their reputation that their opinion is right. Suppose that in the critical time of danger, it should or we wrong What then? How a district may be almost ruined by., ladies i criminate free selection may be understood' by the case of the mallee country in Victoria. A special reporter of the Argus has been visiting that tract, i and furnishes some very striking . information. The conditions which exist in country of fine character in. question are of course peculiar, but it can be easily shown that the extreme effects produced there by indiscriminate selection must also ? . operate in a modified degree in a great variety of country of quite a dissimilar nature. A mallee ru'U is useless unless it comprise patches of open courtesy and plains. These are the " eyes" of the court try, the greater area consisting of sparsely was. a îd heath and scrub. Consequently a very few sales. was settled upon these open patches, suffice to. relieve whole run unworkable. This is not theory but what has actually happened in several localities" The case of one run is quoted in parties. on which the lessee had, in 1877, 30,353 sheep. the course of two years he sold 4050, and at the close of that period had 5200 remain- ing. TheY, not only had there been no increase but 2200 sheep had perished. This is an instance of" what may result from clinging to an untenable position, and few graziers would exhibit such disaster. 413 persistency." In such country when four or -five selectors take up, say, fifteen hundred or six 'per hundred acres of the " eyes" of a run, the b;, lance of 50,000 to 100,000 acreS is abandoned. "the squatter removes his flocks, perhaps, to another colony, and allows his lease to lapse. The seven vo loses all that was derived directly from the 'toils and indirectly from the produce of the stock and in lieu thereof it receives the instance salts of purchase money from half a dozen selectors, and their indirect contributions to the Treasury through their consumption of duty- paying continue writes. The same thing applies wherever the p. view of selecting choice spots deprives adjoining. t tracts of value. It matters very little whether it be a patch of plain, a water frontage, or a cattle * ship that the selector takes up. If by selecting r sound 1 water-hole he renders adjoining downs and- 'reliable for grazing, it will be requisite in order that he country may benefit by the transfer of ownership is that his occupation shall be more productive and L profitable than the grazing of say a couple of flocks of sheep. There are plenty of situations where a flection can and does advantageously replace gn thing occupancy, and where, if they take a little, to say leave a great deal more behind. But there are a so many where the substitution involves a dead loss to the community, in the extreme case of the mallee country, the selector, not only carries out the the grazier, but, as appears by a telegram»lU> Wednesday's issue, is himself ultimately ruin d by the displacement of the squatter. The year by outlay in keeping down vermin of all kinds w. which was possible to the proprietor of thirty thousand sheep is beyond the resources of a few struggling six letters. Rabbits and dingoes, or in other places was able's, multiply prodigiously, make the entire tract a waste, and ultimately starve the selector cut. The evil has several roots, but the tap-root is the Pa- dency of politicians to legislate sweepingly in crym pliance with popular generalizations, instead of intelligently, carefully, and particularly aduptfnV! their measures to the circumstances of different localities. The law which works ruin in the mallee may bring prosperity in other tracts. If in a small. territory such as Victoria comprises one law can thus alternately foster and destroy it is worth considering whether, in similarly dealing with the vast and infinitely more varied territory of New South Wales, our legislators have displayed much discretion or talent One of Mr. Sulman s alterations in the constitution of the Legislative Council is the subdivision of the provinces by which members are now returned. It is very doubtful whether this is an advantage. The tendency of subdivision is to multiply localism, and totalism is quite sufficiently represented in the Assembly. Parliament should not merely consist of municipal men, but of politicians. For an Upper House, men ought to be elected on the strength of something like a public reputation, and not on that of a merely local reputation ; nor ought it to be necessary for them to visit every locality to explain their sentiments. A man unknown to the country might be under such a necessity, but that is not the sort of man who, for six years, should be put into a high political position. The more it becomes the custom to elect men in virtue of their known reputation, in that proportion will it become the custom for men who desire to wield political influence to come forward and take part in public affairs, and so give proof of their opinions, of their character, and their capacity for public; life. Moreover, the larger the constituency the more easy to give variety and fulness of representation, and the greater likelihood is there of all classes in the community getting their spokesman in Parliament. So far, "therefore, from it being a reform to diminish the size of the electorates of the Upper House, it is a j movement in the wrong? direction. The smaller I _he electorate is the more it is made possible to work a personal canvass, and the greater is the income of local interest and the more possible it becomes to spend money to advantage. , 