DESTRUCTION OF THE KELLY GANG. The narrative we gave in our last issue of this extraordinary affair was brought down to as late a date as our printing arrange- ments would allow. But as all the information regarding this case is perused with the greatest interest, we give below some particulars of later date, and also some accounts which add to the completeness of the history. And first, under the head of CATCHING THE KELLYS, we give from The Australasian "The Personal Narrative of One who went in the Special Train." It is as follows : — I left home last Sunday evening, June 27, about 7 o'clock, with the intention of passing an hour or so, and enjoying a glass of grog, with an old friend in Melbourne. Happening to look in at The Argus office on my way to his house I found that a telegram had just been received from Beechworth with the startling intelligence that "the Kellys had broken out again and shot a man." Knowing that I should have to start as soon as possible for the scene of the outrage, I turned up Bradshaw, and finding that I could not leave for Beechworth until 10 minutes past 6 on the Monday morning, I continued my journey to pay my promised visit. I had enjoyed my friend's hospitality for about the space of 15 minutes, in his comfortable armchair by the side of a blazing fire, listening to some of his interesting stories of India, illustrated by his own watercolour drawings, when the following letter was placed in my hands : — "Dear —, A special train starts for Beechworth at 9 to-night. "Yours, —" There was no help for it. The invitation was too pressing to refuse, and in a few minutes I had left the cheerful fire, and the hot toddy, and the comfortable armchair behind me, and was on my way to the Spencer-street station, having previously requisitioned a felt hat, a big pair of woollen gloves, and three pound notes from another friend. On the platform I met the representatives of the three morning journals. Knowing that we had a long ride before us, we organised a foraging expedition in the neighbourhood of the station, but only succeeded in annexing a small loaf of bread and a little whisky and water in a bottle. We waited a long time in the expectation that some of the heads of the police, perhaps even the Chief Commissioner himself, would take advantage of the special, but we waited in vain, and it was three minutes to 10 when the train — consisting of engine, one carriage, and brake- van — passed out of the Melbourne yard on its most eventful journey. We picked up Inspector O'Connor and his black trackers at Essendon, and Mrs. O'Connor and her sister. The first exciting event was dashing through the Craigieburn gates. In the press compartment we felt nothing of the shock beyond something striking the framework of one of our windows, as if a stone had been thrown with great force. Shortly after the train drew up, and we then heard of the accident, and saw that the step of our carriage had been carried away, as well as the brake of the engine. Things were very soon patched up, and in a few minutes we were on the road again, dashing along at a rattling pace. The great speed we were going at caused the carriage to oscillate very violently, and at times it seemed fairly to bound along the line. The night was intensely cold, and we were delighted when we got to Seymour and found that a cup of warm coffee was ready for us, which was thankfully received. We reached Benalla at half-past 2, and Superintendent Hare and his men now joined us, together with two trucks containing the troopers' horses. All sorts of rumours were flying about at Benalla. Some had heard that the Kelly sympathisers intended putting logs across the line; others told us that the line had been torn up, and that the Kellys were waiting to rake the train. All the persons on the platform seemed to have heard or anticipated something, and it was this that induced Superintendent Hare to tie a man in front of the engine to keep a look out. But he subsequently changed his mind on finding that another locomotive, with steam up, was ready in the yard. This engine, with red lights hung behind, was utilised us a pilot, and went ahead of the special at a distance of about half a mile. One volunteer only joined us at Benalla, and, although there were a large number of able-bodied men on the platform, none of them seemed to care about a trip after th outlaws. This was in marked contrast to the state of things at the same place on our return journey. Then nothing was to be heard but such expressions as, "By Jove, I'd have given anything to have been with you;" 2I wouldn't have missed it for a hundred pounds ; I wouldn't, indeed," &c.; As the special left Benalla we had on board 24 souls, made up as follows :— Superintendent Hare and seven troopers, Inspector O'Connor and five black trackers, one volunteer, two ladies, engine-driver, stoker, and guard, and four press men. When within half a mile of Glenrowan station the train began to draw up, and on looking out we saw that the pilot was coming back again. Our train drew to a standstill in a small cutting, the top of the embankment of which was a little higher than a railway carriage, so that, it the bushrangers had felt so disposed, they could have poured their fire through the roof very com- fortably, and it would have been most difficult to return their compliment with any effect. When the pilot engine got back to us we then learned for certain that the line had been really torn up about half a mile beyond the Glenrowan station, but it was not known by whom. Superintendent Hare and two men then got on to the pilot engine and went slowly ahead. In the press carriage we did all we could in case of attack. The representative of The Argus in the pluckiest manner possible climbed out through the window, pulled the lamp out of its hole, and came back with it into the carriage. We then barricaded the windows with the four big cushions, and waited in silence for the next move. We had no arms except one little revolver, and the carriage doors were locked, so that if the Kellys had descended on the train at that time they could have shot us all without any chance of our escape. All lights having been put out, the train moved along slowly till we reached the station. Superin- tendent Hare at once gave orders to get the horses out, and the men had barely commenced to do so, when a man in the most excited state ran up to those who were standing on the platform, and gasped out, in a series of convulsive jerks :— "Over there — the Kellys — not five minutes ago — stuck us all up — the four of them — quick, quick !" Superintendent Hare at once seized his rifle, and calling out "Come along, boys," dashed across towards the house, which could just be dimly discerned about 200 yards away. The men followed him at once, and the horses, left to themselves, bolted pell-mell into a paddock at the Wangaratta end of the platform. A second or two afterwards the first shot was fired from the east end of the verandah — instantly followed by a dozen others, until the whole of the front of the house seemed a blaze of light. The police replied instantly, but, not having had time to scatter, the whole of their fire came from one spot. After two or three volleys the firing ceased altogether. We non-combatants waited at the station under cover. Presently we heard a step on the gravel, and saw a tall form coming towards us. It proved to be Mr. Hare. He was bleeding profusely from a wound in the wrist, and he said as we got up to him, "I'm hit." We plugged each end of the wound with some cotton waste, and bound it up with a handkerchief, and Mr. Hare again essayed to start for the hotel. He had got about fifty yards, when he turned back and reeled. We ran to him and supported him to a railway carriage, and there he fainted from loss of blood. Some of the bullets from the verandah came whistling and pinging about us ; one struck the train just where we were standing, and another took a piece off the top of the station fence. It must have been this ball, by the line, that passed over or through the train, and struck M'Donnell's Hotel on the other side of the railway. The shot went clean through the weatherboards and took a knob off the moulding of the mantelpiece. Everything remained quiet for about an hour, except an uneasy movement now and then amongst the horses in the paddock, as if some one was trying to catch one. At the end of that time, in or near the hotel we heard a woman screaming in the most heart-rending manner, "They've killed my child, they've killed my child! Oh! the wretches, they've killed my child." Independent firing now re-commenced, and we heard men's voices yelling out from what seemed the back part of the building — "Fire away, you —— , you can't hurt us," followed by a noise like the ring of a hammer on an anvil. About half an hour after this, a woman com- menced screaming again, and the screams gradually drew towards us, and two figures emerged from the smoke of the powder, which hung close to the ground, and came to the station. They turned out to be the guard Dowsett and Mrs. Reardon with an infant in her arms. We put her into one of the compartments of the carriage, and then learnt definite news about the outlaws. She said they were all well armed, and that the four of them were there, and that they had a lot of people bailed up in the hotel. The poor woman was almost wild with excitement, and it was at first difficult to get any clear statement from her. About an hour and a half before this occurrence, we had sent away the pilot engine to Benalla for assistance, and it was intended that it should have taken Superintendent Hare and the two ladies, but through some mistake it went away by itself, and the other engine had to go afterwards, taking the wounded man. Mrs. O'Connor and her sister left by a later train. Just before daybreak Senior-constable Kelly came up the platform from the east end, and told us that he had been making a wide tour round the house, and that on the top of the range he had found a quilted skull cap and a rifle near a large pool of blood. He at once came to the conclusion that the outlaws, or some of them, had escaped, especially as there had been no firing from the hotel for over an hour and a half. Daylight came at last, and with it Sergeant Steele and his men from Wangaratta. They at once joined the other police, and considerably strengthened the cordon around the inn. And now occurred the most sensational event of the day. We were watching the attack from the rear of the station at the west end, when suddenly we noticed one or two of the men on the extreme right, with their backs turned to the hotel, firing at something in the bush. Presently we noticed a very tall figure in white, stalking slowly along in the direction of the hotel. There was no head visible, and in the dim light of morning, with the steam rising from the ground, it looked, for all the world, like the ghost of Hamlet's father with no head, only a very long, thick neck. Those who were standing with me did not see it for some time, and I was too intent on watching its movements to point it out to others. The figure continued gradually to advance, stopping every now and then, and moving what looked like its headless neck slowly and mechanically round, and then raising one foot on to a log, and aiming and firing a revolver. Shot after shot was fired at it, but without effect, the figure generally replying by tapping the butt end of its revolver against its neck, the blows ringing out with the clearness and distinctness of a bell in the morning air. It was the most extraordinary sight I ever saw or read of in my life, and I felt fairly spell-bound with wonder, and I could not stir or speak. Presently the figure moved towards a dip the ground near to some white dead timber, and, more men coming up, the firing got warmer. Still the figure kept erect, tapping its neck and using its weapon on its assailants. At this moment I noticed a man in a small round tweed hat stealing up on the left of the figure, and when within about 30 paces of it firing low two shots in quick succession. The figure staggered and reeled like a drunken man, and in a few moments after- wards fell near the dead timber. The spell was then broken, and we all rushed forward to see who and what our ghostly antagonist was. Quicker than I can write it we were upon him ; the iron mask was torn off, and there, in the broad light of day, were the features of the veritable blood- thirsty Ned Kelly himself. We soon stripped him of his armour and carried him to the station, and placed him on a bunk in one of the rooms. He complained very much of cold feet, and we filled a kerosene tin with water, made it hot, and placed it to them, having previously cut off his boots. He fainted once or twice, but uttered no word of complaint about his wounds. I had several conversations with him, and he told me that he was sick of his life, as he was hunted like a dog, and could get no rest, and didn't care a d— what became of him. I asked him what the armour business meant, and he said he intended to fight it out, and "paste as many of the traps" as he could before they had him. His idea was to barricade the hotel, and fight through the win- dows, and for that reason he had only got armour made for the upper parts of his body. He told me several times that Byrne, Dan Kelly, and Hart had escaped, and that the only people in the hotel were those they had stuck-up. This, of course, was a lie, and what his object was in telling it it is difficult to say. He was dressed in the dandy bushman style — yellow cord pants, strapped with slate cross-barred pattern cloth, riding boots, with very thin soles, and very high heels indeed ; white Crimean shirt with large black spots; waistcoat same material as trousers ; hair jet black, inclined to curl ; reddish beard and moustache, and very heavy black eyebrows — altogether a fine figure of a man, the only bad part about his face being his mouth, which is a wicked and cruel one. The doctor, who had arrived from Benalla, now dressed his wounds, and he turned round on his side and dozed off as calmly as if nothing had happened. I left Kelly and went outside, when I heard the police giving the remaining members of the gang and all who were in the inn their last warning. I don't know who it was called out, but these were the words, "All those inside there had better surrender at once ; we will give you 10 minutes to do so ; after that time we shall fire volleys into the house." Instantly a white handkerchief was seen to wave from the doorway, and at the same moment some 25 persons rushed out towards the police line with their hands held high up above their heads. They rushed towards us, crying out in piteous accents, "Don't fire ! For God's sake don't shoot' us ; don't, pray don't !" They were here ordered to lie down, which they obeyed at once, all falling flat on their stomachs, with their hands still in the air. It was a remarkable scene, and the faces of the poor fellows were blanched with fear, and some of them looked as if they were out of their minds. The police passed them one by one, in case any of the outlaws should be amongst the crowd. They handcuffed two young fellows named M'Auliffe, known as active sympathisers with the outlaws, and the rest were set free. The 10 minutes' grace being up, the police commenced to rake the hotel, in which I joined. From east, west, north, and south we poured in volley after volley, and yet no sign of surrender. We learned from those who left the house that Byrne was dead ; that he had died leaning over a bag of flour, reaching for a bottle of whisky at the bar; that a ball had struck him in the abdomen, and that the blood spurted out like a fountain ; and that he fell dead without a groan. We also heard that Dan Kelly and Hart were standing side by side in the passage between the two huts, looking cowed and dispirited, without the slightest sign of fight left in them. In fact, as one informant suid, they looked "for all the world like two condemned criminals on the drop, waiting for the bolt to be drawn." At a quarter to 3 o'clock a sharp rattle of rifles was heard, and a man was seen advancing from the west end of the house with a large pile of straw, which he placed against the weatherboards and lighted. The flames quickly ran up the side of the house and caught the canvas ceiling. In about 10 minutes the whole of the roof was in a blaze. Just at this moment a priest was seen going up quickly to the front of the house. The crowd closed in after him, and in a few moments the door was burst open. Four men rushed in, and soon reappeared, dragging out the body of Byrne, who still wore his breastplate. He had a number of rings on his hands, and had boots made after the style of Ned Kelly's. In the meantime, the unfortunate man Cherry, who was wounded to death, was drawn out at the back of the house, and the priest anointed him, and in a few moments after he calmly passed away. The bodies of Dan Kelly and Hart could now be plainly seen amongst the flames, lying nearly at right angles to each other, their arms drawn up and their knees bent, and I feel perfectly certain that they were dead long before the house was fired. Mrs. Skillian and Kate Kelly stood at the railway gates watching the inn burning, and when the charred remains of their brother were brought out, howled loudly and lustily over the blackened bones. At a quarter-past 3 the roof fell in, and the flames whirled up to heaven, and myriads of sparks danced through the air as if with delight at the thought that three as cold- blooded murderers as ever walked the earth since the days of Cain had expiated their Crimea on a fiery altar, and that the fourth was lying waiting for the rope to be put round his neck by Citizen Gately. As the conduct of the police has been freely commented on, I may say that the rank and file behaved with great coolness and pluck, but when Superintendent Hare was shot they were virtually without a leader, and they seemed at a loss what to do next. There is not the slightest doubt that the hotel should have been rushed after the surrender of the twenty-five prisoners, as it was from them we learned that Dan Kelly and Hart were beaten and cowed. Had the police then any one to lead them they would, I feel sure, have followed at once. No extra rifles were taken up in the special train, and the four reporters on the platform were quite at the mercy of any of the outlaws or their pals. We quite expected to be attacked from the rear, as there was a perfect nest of sympathisers on the opposite side of the line, in and about M'Donnell's Hotel, where the Kelly's horses were stabled. However, all's well that ends well, and if I am ever called on to go again on a similar trip I shall take good care not to go unarmed. To be shot without having a chance to reply is not a very pleasant thing to contemplate, and I trust it may never be my experience again to be in a position rendering me liable to any such unpleasantness. I am sure Hart and Dan Kelly did not shoot themselves. When the 25 prisoners left the inn they told us the outlaws were still alive, and there was no shot fired from the inside or inside the hotel again. My idea is that they stood together until the one was shot, and then when the other received his quietus he fell by the side of his mate. The dog, it must be remembered, was killed, too, by the bullets from outside. THE CAREER OF THE KELLYS. Although one member of the gang of bushrangers which has for years past kept the residents of a large portion of the North Eastern district in a state of alarm, and to some extent in a condition of lawlessness, still survives, and now awaits his trial and sentence, the tragic events of June 27 and 28 may be said to have brought to a close the long and remarkable career of the notorious Kelly gang, and an opportune occasion presents itself for glancing at the principal events in their career of crime. The police records show that the two Kellys, at any rate, mani- fested their marked tendency to crime and lawlessness at a very early age. The record of their lives is a record of a constant succession of lawless acts, carried out, in most cases, with such impunity and success that the criminals became emboldened, defied the authorities, growing more and more reckless and daring in their exploits, until they developed into the blood- thirsty spirit which they have latterly displayed. To the majority of Victorians the names of Edward and Daniel Kelly are now painfully familiar, but it is not generally known that there is another member of the notorious family who threatened to become scarcely less dangerous had not the police of New South Wales put a check on his career almost at its outset. The individual in question, James Kelly, was the first to fall into the hands of the police. In 1871 James, who was quite a boy at the time, was arrested and taken to Beechworth on two charges of cattle-stealing. The offences were proved, and the youthful cattle-stealer was convicted and sentenced to two years and six months' imprisonment on each charge. After his five years' imprisonment he was released at Beechworth, whence he appears to have gone to New South Wales. Resuming his career of crime, he soon fell into the hands of the police of New South Wales, was again tried, convicted, and imprisoned in Deniliquin, where he has remained to this day. James Kelly is said to be now 22 years of age, and is two years older than Daniel Kelly. In the same year which saw his brother James's committal for five years, Edward Kelly was brought up at Beechworth on the charge of receiving a stolen horse, knowing it to be stolen. Edward, who was 15 years of age, and described himself as a labourer, was convicted on the 2nd August, 1871, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment. He was discharged in 1874. Three years later the youngest of the brothers, Daniel, was arrested on a charge of "wilful damage to property." Such was the charge on which he was proceeded against for the historical house-breaking adventure with his relatives the Lloyds, in the earlier part of 1877\. On the 19th of August in that year he was convicted at Benalla and sentenced to three months' imprisonment, while one of the Lloyds was sentenced to a similar term of imprisonment for a violent and indecent assault on a woman in the place thus broken into. In the early part of April, 1878, warrants were issued for the arrest of Daniel Kelly and John Lloyd on six separate charges of stealing horses from J. G. Farrell, James Farrell, James Whitty, and Robert Jeffrey. The warrants were issued on the 7th April, and the police were soon on the tracks of the thieves. The gang, however, were not to be so easily caught as on the occasion of their first ventures. They had already earned a reputation for their daring, and had inspired many of the residents of the district with a dread of them. They were but the leading movers among a nest of thieves. Their house had become noted as the meeting-place of criminals, and the extent to which they carried their crimes showed that they had numerous active confederates, besides their hosts of sympa- thisers. It was stated by those in the district who knew something of the doings of the gang, that they stole horses wholesale from all parts of the district, and in some instances crossed the Murray to dispose of them, and it was found a matter of extreme difficulty to obtain evidence, to say nothing of arresting the gang, owing to their being surrounded by a perfect network of sympathisers, who frustrated the efforts of the police for a long time. The first step towards breaking up the large body of confederates which appeared to be carrying on its nefarious proceedings without let or hindrance was taken on the 15th April, 1878, when William Skillian (brother-in-law of the Kellys), Williams alias Brickey, and Ellen Kelly were arrested at Greta on the charge of shooting Constable Fitzpatrick on the 15th April. Skillian and Williams were sent to Pentridge for six years, and Ellen Kelly, the mother of the two outlaws, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment — a sentence which she is now undergoing in Melbourne gaol. The crime of which they were convicted was perpetrated with a view to preventing the arrest of Daniel and Edward Kelly, for whom Constable Fitz- patrick was searching. The two Kellys escaped, and speedily took to the haunts from which it was found so difficult to dislodge them. For a long time they eluded all attempts to capture them. In October, 1878, Sergeant Kennedy and Constables Scanlan, M'Intyre, and Lonigan obtained definite information as to the whereabouts of the gang. Information that had been given to them led them to believe that the Kellys were hiding in the ranges at the head of the King River. Two parties of police were despatched, one from Mansfield and the other from Greta. The latter consisted of five men under the charge of Sergeant Steele, who took so prominent a part in the proceedings of June 28. The gang was found in the locality which had been indicated, but despite all the precautions of the police the Kellys had obtained information with respect to the expedition and its object. They were consequently prepared for the attack. The police, lulled into a sense of security by the belief that their movements had been kept dark, camped on the bank of the Stringy Bark Creek, about 20 miles from Mansfield, on the night of October 25. The next morning the police, who adopted no special precautions for their protection, proceeded to explore the locality. A gun-shot fired by one of them attracted the attention of the Kellys. The gang quickly took the police by surprise, and then followed the tragedy which is, perhaps, the most deplorable of the startling events that have transpired during the career of the outlaws. The cold-blooded murder of Constables Scanlan and Lonigan, the capture of Constable M'Intyre, and the other incidents of the terrible tragedy are events of which the public still have a vivid recollec- tion. The panic created a shock throughout the colony, while in the district in which it had occurred a panic prevailed among the residents, and search parties, comprising large numbers of men, started from the various centres of population in pursuit of the outlaws. It was at this time that the authorities in Melbourne sent Superintendent Nicolson to the spot to direct operations, and despatched a large number of mounted police to the district. The Government, too, recognised the necessity of adopting every possible means of capturing the offenders. A reward of £200 per head was offered for the capture of the murderers, and it was afterwards increased to £500 per head. At a later date the Government increased it to a lump sum of £4,000, and a similar sum was offered by the Government of New South Wales. As the offering of rewards, however, had no effect, notice was given that they would be withdrawn during this month, a notification which appears to have had some effect. With a view to deterring the numerous sympathisers with the gang from offering assistance to it, Parliament was induced to pass a measure proclaiming the perpetrators of the Mansfield outrage outlaws, and rendering any persons who were known to aid, abet, shelter, or assist them, liable to 15 years' imprison- ment. This measure failed to have any appreciable effect on the sympathisers, for despite the efforts of the police and of the residents of the district, who were determined to spare no effort to bring to justice the gang of marauders who had aroused the public indignation by the fearful tragedy of which Sergeant Kennedy and Constables Lonigan and Scanlan had been the victims, the gang found secure hiding places. So carefully did they elude the notice of their pursuers that it was confidently believed that they had left the colony, until the public was startled by intelligence of a robbery at Young- husband's station at Euroa — a venture fortunately unattended by any serious occurrence. It was closely followed by the memorable attack on the bank at Euroa, during which. the gang, after locking up the officials, made off with £1,500 in notes,. £300 in sovereigns, and £90 in silver. The outrage was characterised by all the coolness, daring, and audacity which had been dis- played in the previous ventures of the gang, and the officials of the bank and residents of the township were so taken by surprise, and so terrified by the wild threats of the desperadoes, that they offered no resistance. This event once more aroused the police authorities, and a large body of police, accompanied by the black trackers from the Queensland native police, was sent to Euroa, which township had been quite unprotected prior to the arrival of the gang. After this xobbery a detachment of the Victorian Artillery was despatched to the district, but the Kellys again escaped. A short time after the robbery of a bank at Jerilderie, New South Wales, gave rise to the belief that they had gone to the neighbouring colony. The robbery was committed under circumstances not unlike those attending the Euroa affair, and was as successfully carried out. Since their appearance at Jerilderie in February, 1879, the gang has again been hiding, and there have been the most conflicting rumours and speculations as to their whereabouts. It was stated not long since that the police authorities were gradually closing in upon the outlaws, and following a carefully considered plan of capturing them through the instrumentality of some of their former friends, and the murder of Sherritt points to a suspicion on the part of the Kellys that he was assisting in the plans. Be this as it may, it is now matter of history how that murder led indirectly to the capture of the gang and to the tragic ending of their extraordinary career. In Edward Kelly, the police have captured not alone the leader of this gang, but one who was arrested just ten years ago as one of the dangerous accomplices of the notorious bushranger Harry Power, and who has during his ten years' career carried on his nefarious work with almost unexampled daring, and with the boldest defiance of the authorities. THE PAST YEAR'S PROCEEDINGS. Ever since the Jerilderie affair many people imagined that the gang had finally left the colony, and were accustomed to shake their heads and look as sagacious as possible when told that the police authorities had positive information that the outlaws were still hiding in the North-Eastern district. Of course the authorities in question could at any time have proved their words if such a course had been judicious. Assistant-commissioner Nicolson, who had charge of the police in that district from May, 1879, up to the beginning of June, 1880, has stated that never a month passed without his receiving authentic information of movements of the outlaws. Such was the terrorism, however, that the latter caused, and such their cunning, that in most instances the information received by the police came too late to be of any use. It will be remembered that very soon after Mr. Nicolson took charge of affairs the permanent garrison men were withdrawn from the district, and the police force there was considerably reduced, the number of conatables left being 60. With this reduced force Mr. Nicolson improvised a new system of opera- tions, which new system was continued in force after his removal to another district, and until the destruction of the gang. Pre- viously to the introduction of the new plan the course adopted was to send large bodies of police — numbering perhaps a dozen, with 15 horses — out into the district to look for the Kellys. These troops would have no idea when they started where or in what direction the Kellys were, and would have no such idea when they returned to the point of departure. They attracted much attention, cost a lot of money, were sufficiently numerous to feel tolerably secure, and in fine weather enjoyed themselves im- mensely. The leading feature of the new system was the dispersal of the force in small parties of four men, or fewer, stationed in places likely to be attacked or haunted by the gang. These men were not in uniform, and it is, by the bye, a singular fact that policemen in uniform were often able to pick up more information than those in plain clothes. In what is known as the Kelly country, a stranger is, because he is a stranger, and no matter how he is dressed, an object of suspicion to such persons as the Kellys and their friends, and they have been so much on the alert that no one would have been thought to have dreamt of sending a constable in uniform to obtain particulars regarding them. Knowing this, men in uniform, when ostensibly engaged in performing ordinary routine duties, have often been able, simply because they were not suspected of having any other designs, to obtain genuine information as to the proceedings of the gang. The small parties of police scattered through the country received instructions to act on their own responsibility, and sometimes had to conceal themselves for weeks, when watching a place. Prior to the withdrawal of the black trackers, Mr. Nicolson found them so useful that he reported, about three weeks ago, that if they were taken away the gang would be most likely to commit another outbreak. The black trackers not only frightened the Kellys, but caused them much incon- venience and hard work. For instance, it is well known that bushmen of the Kelly type object to walking much, and always ride on horseback if they get a chance. The presence of the Queensland aborigines in the district often compelled the gang to walk, in order to avoid giving the aborigines a chance of following horses' tracks, when they would otherwise have ridden. Some time ago people used to wonder how the bushrangers, when mounted, could cross the railway line or bridges without being seen. It was ultimately ascertained that the plan they adopted was to ride up to the railway fence, say, and then dis- mount, hand over their horses to sympathisers, and cross the line on foot. The sympathisers would ride the horses boldly through the nearest level crossing, and no one would suspect that the animals were those of the gang, the members of which would receive back their horses at some spot agreed upon. During the past few months traces of the gang were often discovered by the black trackers. Sometimes the trace would be the marks where bridles had been hung round a tree, and sometimes a gunyah. If a track was new, and had not been crossed and crossed, the blacks could follow it with unerring certainty; and their astuteness in that direction astounded and terrified Ned Kelly, than whom there are few better white bushmen. Although the bushrangers were in the district, they were seen by comparatively few of their friends. There were various signals by which the gang communicated with their friends. Sometimes a couple of stones placed in a peculiar position would be the signal, and sometimes an eccentric horsetrack. Thus, one of the gang would ride in a circle near a sympathiser's hut, and then jump a fence, and again ride circuitoualy, and finally strike off in the direction where the outlaws were hid. The sympa- thiser, on seeing this track, would carry provisions in the direction indicated. When carrying provisions for the gang, the sympathisers would adopt all sorts of devices to avoid discovery. Occasionally they would pretend to be drunk, and make night hideous with their cries. Hearing the wild fellows about, honest residents of the district would retire into their homes : but the gang would also hear them and answer with a peculiar signal. All of a sudden, when time and place suited, a member of the gang would appear, take the provisions, and hurry off out of sight in a moment. The precautions devised by Ned Kelly were so elaborate that some very experienced police officers doubt whether one of the gang could have betrayed the others into the hands of the police. When they extinguished their fires, they would remove the ashes and scatter them far and wide, and cover over the black spot with earth. But their fires were always small, like those made by wild aborigines. As an indication of the caution with which the gang worked it may be mentioned that they used to draw up and reduce into writing elaborate details ot their proposed plan of operations prior to - making a raid. It is known that the arrangements to be followed, both in the Jerilderie and Euroa affairs, were fully made beforehand and committed to paper, the object in doing so being to assist the memory. The deceased Joe Byrne, who was the best scholar in the gang, and who, when a boy, distinguished himself at school for his ability, was the secretary. For some months past the police have been gradually closing up sources through which food was conveyed to the bushrangers, and the latter were suffering from an insufficiency of food. Dan Kelly and Byrne, in particular, presented of late a very emaciated appearance. THE EXCITEMENT AT GRETA AND WAKE ON THE REMAINS. The following despatch of The Argus reporter is dated Benalla, June 30 :— There was a prospect this morning of some difficulty arising in connexion with the magisterial inquiries proposed to be held on the charred remains of Dan. Kelly and Hart. The remains were handed over to the friends on the Monday night, and were taken on Monday night to Mrs. Skillian's hut at Seven- mile Creek. The authorities subsequently thought that, after all, it might be better to go through the usual formalities, and communicated with the magistrates of Wangaratta on the subject. The magistrates there, however, replied that they could not get a trap to take them to Greta, and altogether seemed disinclined to undertake the duty. No one could have gone to the Seven Mile Creek without a strong body of police, and even then the visit would not have been unattended with danger. Indeed, one of the Kelly sympathisers told the police that the remains would be interred at a certain hour on Wednesday whether inquiries were held or not, and reports came from Greta that all the Kelly sympathisers there had made themselves intoxicated at the wake, and were bouncing about armed, and threatening to attack the police. These reports were to some extent corroborated by the well-known fact that when the friends of the gang left Glenrowan they took a huge quantity of spirits with them. Superintendent Sadleir, however, suggested that a magistrate should come down as far as Glenrowan, and after taking what evidence was obtainable there, give an order for interment. Senior-constable Kelly, with four troopers, accordingly proceeded to Glenrowan by the forenoon train, and two or three policemen were directed to come down from Wan- garatta. Their orders were to accompany the magistrate to Mrs. Skillian's hut if it was necessary to go there, and if that had really had to be done a disturbance, and probably more bloodshed, would have been the result. At the last moment, however, it was decided that as the game was not worth the candle, a magistrate's order for interment would suffice, and the police were therefore recalled. It is stated that Dick Hart openly dared the police at M'Don- nell's Hotel, Glenrowan, to interfere in any way with the funerals of Dan Kelly and Steve Hart. The words attributed to him are, "If you want the bodies back, you will have to fight for them." From the statements of two men who came into Benalla from Greta to-day, it appears that on the arrival of the bodies there was great excitement in the district. The remains were laid on a table in Mrs. Skillian's hut, which was soon crowded. So great was the crush that Mrs. Skillian lost her temper, and seizing a gun hustled the crowd out, and then allowed them to view the remains in couples. Many of the male sympathisers were armed, and whilst in a drunken state professed to be anxious for a brush with the police. It is further averred that one of the relatives of the Kellys held up his hand over the remains, and swore to Kate Kelly that he would avenge the slaughter of the gang. His name has been given to the police. Lest any disturbance should take place in the district whilst the sympathisers are in their present state of intoxication and excite- ment, Senior-constable Kelly, with four troopers, have been sent on again this evening to Glenrowan, and will remain there all night. Up to the present, however, things are quiet. A later despatch, dated Benalla, Friday, July 2, states:— A number of the persons who were made prisoners by the Kelly gang at Glenrowan seem to doubt the statement that Ned Kelly shot the line-repairer Cherry. Most of the prisoners were, however, in the back rooms at the time, whilst others were too excited to note every incident. The police, moreover, are fully convinced of the truth of the statement, and furnished me with the names of the prisoners who they say made the disclosure, on condition that. they should not be published at present. These state that Cherry was not accidentally killed, but was deliberately shot by Ned Kelly at the beginning of the fray, because he refused to hold back a window curtain in the hotel while Kelly fired at the police. Ned Kelly stated that it was the intention of the gang, after destroying the black trackers and the police, to proceed to Benalla, and blow up the police camp and a bank. This was put down at first as mere "bow," but a discovery has been made which shows that the outlaws were in real earnest. During Thursday, Mr. Stanistreet, the stationmaster at Glen- rowan, found an oilcan containing 45lb. of blasting powder, concealed behind a log in the vicinity of M'Donnell's Hotel. The can was taken possession of by Senior- constable Kelly this morning, but still lies at Glenrowan until the magazine- waggon is sent to bring it down. Previous to this a quantity of fuse was found in swags carried by the pack-horses left by the gang at M'Donnell's Hotel. A KELLY INCIDENT. The Wangaratta correspondent of The Argus writes : — "In order to show the manner and extent of the terrorism which has so long prevailed in this district, I may mention an occurrence which took place in the immediate neighbourhood of Wangaratta some months ago. Even now the facts have not been disclosed by the police, but there is no longer any occasion for reticence. The family of Steve Hart, the outlaw, reside within about three miles of the town, close behind the racecourse. Before the arrival of the black trackers the gang occasionally visited Hart's house. It is unnecessary to say it was under surveillance, but the band were kept so thoroughly posted up in the movements of the police that the watch was without result. About five or six months since a respectable man, employed by one of the largest traders in the town, in a paddock next the racecourse one night went out opossum shooting — rather a risky sport for the time and place. He was marked down and challenged, and after being disarmed was marched into the house. There he found the whole of the outlaws, who accused him of being a detective, placed him on his knees, and told him to prepare for instant death. Although naturally horror-stricken, he succeeded inconvincing his captors of the innocent character of himself and his employment, but still they hesitated. At length they warned him of the frightful fate that awaited him if he reported their visit, and made him solemnly swear that he would not mention his adventure for one month. Then having presented him with a £10-note still further to seal his lips, they let him go. So abject, however, was the man's terror, that for the whole of the specified month he carried the note and the consuming secret about with him, and then only told his employer, who of course gave the information and the money to Sergeant Steele. The whole uffair shows how bold the gang were and how secure and astute were the means they employed in carrying out their depredations. For it will be evident that to frighten the man out of his wits was a safer course for them than to murder him, and if he had appropriated any of the money his secret would most likely have died with him. One of the men who is said to have been in the house that night was at Glenrowan on the day of the fight, and affectionately kissed Ned Kelly while he lay wounded there. The district will never be in a state of peace or security until the nests of lawlessness are rooted out, and the sympathisers themselves stricken with the same terror which they have exercised so long and so ruthlessly. The appointment of a police magistrate to this district is greatly to be desired." 