[?] WELSH FOLK-LORE. Collecting folk-loro is a delicato task. Most pooplo are shy of talking about what thoy aro a Iittlo ashamed of believing. Ernilo , Souvestro in his delightful books about Brittany, and tho Marquis of Villo nuirqiu', indefatigable collector of Broton ballads,- both tcstifiy to tbo difficulty of gotting at tho old talcs. You are almost suro Jo froozo people into silenco if thoy think you como as a collector and moan printing. To sot their tongues going you must bo really sympathetic, nnd they must feel that you aro. This if needful oven in Ireland, whero a moro mixed rnco, oftenor brought iu contact with stranger;1, is readior at talking. In Ireland it is'about religious legends tbat pcoplo aro most roti cont, till tboy know you, aud feel thoy can ttust you. Go to Lough Derg, tlie gloomy Iittlo lako in an unuttoiably droary swamp in Donegal, whero is St. Patrick's purga tory, so famous iu tlio iniddlo ages and, unless you bring credentials of some kind, you -will leam on tbo spot less than you can l-oad in a mude-book. But the shyer Welshman will, ten to one, deolino to talk about legends of any kind until you liavo found some way of opening his heart. This was also Mr. F. Campbell's experi ence in tho West Highlands and islands, where ho collected thoso tales that every folk-lore student ought to read. He found tho lan^nago a woud. rful help. Tho 111m who would bo E-hort and gruff with 11 Southron will change, as if by mngio, his wholo face and manner wheu his greoting, ' It's a fine day,' is met with, ' Tha n' latha briauh' (tho d-y is fiue). 'You havo Gaelic ?' ho exclaims. ' You will take my excuse by your leave, but what part of tho Gaeldom aro you from ?' Aud thou follows a pleasant talk, and any story that tho man has is readily told. But sometimes Mr. Campbell found even his Gaelic insufficient. One old damo of over sevonty, known to bo soio possessor of several storio3, when ho used to try to bring the conversation round that way, woul ; turn him aside with : ' Hush, my dear, tho urs^eal (tale) is all nonsense. God bless you ! I ,knew your grandmother'; nnd her cousin used to look just, as you do now and so it took a week's coaxing to get all her ursgeal out of tho old woman. All houour, then, to Mr. 'Wirt- Sykes, United States Consul for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact as wo suppose the Ameri cans to bo) felt sympathy, r:id convinced others that he felt it. Ho had a grand field in Wales. Among such romantic scenery old-world beliefs aro sure to linger longest, but, as ho says, you might live for years in Wales, and yot never, learn any thing about the folk-loro unless you go amongst the people, as ho t. ok care to do. and show them that you really think and feel with thom, instead of lotting thom fancy you come as a collector. Mr. Sikes has thorouably worked South Wales, and Monmouthshire which is more Welsh than Wales iisolf; and he has worked, so to speak, sympathetically, for in many of tho Welsh beliefs he finds a curious parallel to the spiritualism, which is so rampant in his American home. One is startled to find that among the matter of-fact Yankees, 'in Cambridge, under the classic shadow of Harvard College,' i-i a house so badly haunted that a tenant who ventured to tako it iu 1877 was actually worried out of it. Bnt of ghoBt-stoiies thero is less need to Bpeab, as they are the oommon property of the human race. Thero is nothing dis tinctly Welsh in a grand lady in high-Healed shoes with a long train of^the finest silk stalking through tbo house, and setting all the dogs barking, as Lady Stradling is said to do at St. Donafa Castle, by tha Nash Point, whonever any mischief is about to befall the family. Nor is tho following well- authontioated tollo about a scion of a noblo h'juee peculiar to tho principality ; — ' Thomas Cidogan had largo estates, but he was not satisfied, nnd was once tempted to shift his neighbour's land-mark, tho neigh bour boing a poor widow who owned a small freehold. So after his death Cadogan had to walk this earth, till at 1,'iet he made bold to oonfront a woman, who happened, vory late one evening, to be oroesing a stile ou a very lonely path. She, forgetting for the moment both ber grammar and the faot that Oadogan was dead, cried: 'Mr. Cadogan, what dosB you hero this time o' night ?' 'I was tibliged to come,' meekly replied, the ghost; and then he instructed her to tell ? so-and-so to pnt baok tbo stones in order that he might have rest.' Thero is an ethiaal and utilitarian tone about tbis whioh is sadly wanting in tbo fol lowing legend of the River Rtieidol, near that well- known tourist's hannt, Maobynlleth. Oatrin and David G«yn woro just married :' (1705), and livod in a ohepberd'3 hut, of ;whioU many oftn still point out tbo ruins. One day, ooming baok from market with a ;party of neighbours, she parted from tbem ;aboni two mites from home and was never ssen again. A fearful storm came on, and a sorap of her red cloak being found on tbe edgo of a quaking bog.it wns believed Bhe had tumbled in and been swallowed up. Her husband went mad, tbo cottage fell to ruin, ;and to this day ' While Catti of tho Grove :Cwm ' is dreaded aB a malignant spirit who pushes people into tho river or inveigles them into bottomless moraBsce. Hero we havo a survival of tbo feeling which makes the'Santal, iu India, offdr a parting meal to tbo dead, accompanying it with the words : 'Now go away; don't come near us any moro. -We'vo been vory good to you ; now stay away.' Neither are the stories about spectral animals distinctly Wolsh, though they are extremely numerous amongst our Cambrian fellow subjects. Tne dog — man's friend— bo invaluable to the shepherd, is naturally ?credited with a life beyond the grave. ' It is hard to look into that dog's eyes,' said a Welshman to Mr. Sikes, ' and believe tbat he has not a'bit of a soul to he saved.' Tho ghostly , dog, however, is usually the reverse of beneficent. One of the most persistent of Welsh legends iB that of ' the Dog of Darkness,' with his huge fiery eyes, which is told in the Mabinogion in almost the very words in whioh 'Mr. David Brewster, of Pembrokeshire, a religious man, and freo from fear and superstition,' described what ' befol him on Coet Moor as ho WAR nfiaHJTlir +.hn nn»'i»hf. afntiaa ?called * the Devil's Nags.' He was seized, and thrown over a- hedge. But being, ub wo aaid, 'far from superstition,' ho went next day, taking with him a strong fight ing mastiff. When ho camo by 'the Devil's Nags,' ho saw a dog more terrible than tongue oan tell. In vain he sot his dog at it; the huge beast crouched frightened at his master's feet. Evon then brave 'David was not dismayed, but took up a stone to fling at tho uncanny creature ; but suddenly a circle of fire, lighting up the gloom, showed the white snip down the dog's nose, and hiB grinning teeth and white tail,, all which signs marked hiin out as one of ' tho dogs of hell' (Civil Annwn).' ' The wild huntsman as a parsonage,' Mr. Sikes tells us, 'has quite dropped out of modern belief in Wales;' which' is strange, beoausa besides haunting Windsor Forest bo is well known in' Cornwall, Forae times (as near Bodmin) mixed up with the Arthur legends and the tales about tbe evil spirit Tregeagle, sometimes, ns near the Lizard, identified with an oppressive steward ot the Bobarteses. ' Henderson, in his ' Folklore of the Northern Border,' suggeEta that this myth oE the ' grand veneur' may have oome from tho strange cries, not unlike the yelping of a pack of hounds, uttered by wildfowf on thoir pas sage northward. Bat though the demon-, hunt is wanting, the headless horse as a doath-omon (sometimos drawing a hearse or a coaoh) is found in Wales, as it is in Devonshire iynd in Hurst Wood, near Tnn bridgo Wolls, Horsos, moreover, aro. hold to bo speoially gifted with tho powor of dis cerning' spirits, a bo'ioE which you may think duo to thoir habit of Bliyiug in tho dark at anything whito, or (it you nro tranB00ndentally philosophical) to ' the horso's oye boing able to recMvo au image which tho human retina fails to accopt.' In Wales phantom horsemen havo hotter work to do than to hunt all nigbt witli a paok of demon hounds. Horo is an instanco rocordod by tbo Ko'v* . John 3onos, of Holywell, in Flint, a prfachor of ex'ra ocdinary power, ronowned lind reacted throughout Wales. Wo may mention that Welsh apparitions aro usually vouched for by pious mon. Thus tho great authority for Monmouth is Edmund Jones, also a famous preacher, called tho Prophot, who in 1313 publiBhod a book ou the suhjoot, denonnoing all ecoptics as Sadduooes aud infidels. Ia tho West Highlands, on ^tho contrary, tho kirk, though powoilo.^s against whisky drinking, has, Mr. Campboll says, sadly destroyed people's intorest in tho old 'legends. Edmund Jones ovon found authoiity from tho twelfth chapter of Sc. Matthew, forty-third vorso, for. fairies. ' Tho fairy-rings aro in dry places, and tho Scripture saitb tbat the walk of evil spirits ia in dry placcs.' But to roturn to John Jones, of Holywell. As this pious man, after preaohiug at Bala, was tiding to Machynlleth, lie was awnro tbat ho was being dogged by a uinrdurous-lookiug ''an carrying a sickle. He rememborod to have noticed this man at an inn whoro lio had pulled out his watch and shown his pnrso. 'Tho man moans to rob, perhaps murder me,' thought he as ho marked hiin skulking under the hedjo. Ho could not take across country, for tho road was sunk behind high banks. Should ho turn b\ck ? ' In despair, rather than in a spirit of humble trust nnd confidence,' lie says, ' I bowed lily head, and was Silently praying, when my horse, growing impatient starfod off. I ctutohod at tho reins,' but iustantly let thom fall upon his nook ; for, lo 1 at my side I beheld a dark-clad horseman on a white steed. I at onco spoke to him, but ho made no answer, gazing intently at a artmr, rliotn'nra nhrtfifl. T looked, and saw the reaper dart out fron his hiding plaeo, sheatho hu sickle, and hurry away over a fiold. I again accosted iny com panion both in Welsh and English, but ho was speechloss, savo that I thought ho said c Ainea' to a pioin remark. Sad (only he was gone, but whithor ? for ho could not havo leapt tho bauks, and I am sure ho did not pasi through tho gato.' Clearly the mysterious horseman wag sont by Providence to sa^o tho preachor from danger. As in Chinesa Folk-loro, a whole set of ghost stories turns on the restitution of ill gotten gooJs. Buried hoards, too, hinder the peace of those who made them. Tho Ogmore, in Glamorgan, is a favourite river for hoirded money to be thrown into. Tho ghost haunts someone till ho or she is pcrsuaded'to search for tho hoard, nnd then fling it honestly into tho stream. A miser's housekeeper iu St. Donats-cwm was so 'worried by her master's ghost, that, to got rid of bim, tho Methodists resolved to hold a prayer-meeting ia tho houso. Whilo thoy were in tho thick oE it, she suddenly sprang up crying : ' There ho is, thoro ho is 1' After a dead silenco some bold person ventured to say : 'Ask it what it wants?' She did so; and, though no ono heard the reply, the woman, instructed by the ghost, rushed to the chimney, thrust up her arm, and drew down a bag of monoy. ' Let mo go, lot mo go!' she Eorer.med; and, starting out a1: tho door, was seen to skip, without touching it, ovor a stile and away to tho Ogmore. . After an hour she came back, bedraggled with wet and bespattered with mud. ' I've been down to tho river,' aaiii'she, ' and have thrown tho money in,' and the ghost toik bis hat off, aud made a low bow, and vanished. Methodism, however, is not tho most powerful exorciser. The church clergy, though their other ministrations may be Iittlo valued, are still hold to bo the beat at ridding a place of ghosts, and the exorcism is doubled in efficacy i£ it be pronounced in Latin. No Welsh ghost is recorded to have turned, the tables on the exorciser, attar tne tasbion or tbat uiiiaese Ktiosc wno drove out the Taomist priest, incense-pots, joss-stioke, and all ; but sometimes a stub born ghost will not oley tho behest of a single olergyman. A triple-paraon power, however, will master any Bpirit that over walked. As in West Connaught, tho haro in several parts of Wales is either sacred or uncanny. When there iB a witch in tho neighbourhood., sho is auro to go. about in tho form of a hare. At Llungynog, in Montgomery, the superstition takes a singularly beautiful form. Here hares are called St. Melangell'a lambs, the story .being that Melangell (Monacelli), daughter of an Irish king, took a vow of oelibacy and fled from her father's court to the wilds of Montgomery to avoid marriago. Here the Prince of Powys, hare-hunting one day, was astoniBhed to see tbo game run under the robe o£ a beautiful virgin who was kneeling in prayer. Tho dogs stood howling at a distance, tho hunts man's horn stuck to his lips. Tbo prince gave hor a parcel of land td be a sanctuary for all corners. Thero you can see her bed iii tbe cleft of a rook, and in tho church is a rnde wooden carving representing many hares souttling to her for protection. Till lately no Qne in tbat parish would kill a hare; and all believed that if, meeting a hare hunted by dogs, you cried, ' God and St. Melangell be with you,' it was sure to esoape. It is interesting to remembor that Ctoaar uayB the old Britons' thought it an unholy thing to eat the hare; but then they also abstained from the goose, about eating which none of their modern de scendants have any soraples. More distinctively Welsh are tho stories about tho Tylwyth Tog— i.e., 'fair folk,' as Irish fairies are always dubbed 'good people,' 'as the Greeks called the fairies 'the gracious ones' (Enmenides), as Sir W. Scott tolls us the Highlanders took off their hats to tho gibbet, and called it ' the kind gallows,' and as Laplanders Bpoak of the bear as 'the old gentleman in tho fur coat.' Some, instead of seeing in ' fair' a deprecatory or euphemistio epithet, take it literally, and connect tho fairies with in vaders from Ireland, ' Piots and Scots,' small parties of whom were leEt when the rest were drivon out. These, living in fear of their lives, used to send out their ohildren at night, fantastically dressed, for food and exercise. This theory is seriously put forth by Eev. Peter Roberts, author of Collectanea Gambrica ; his alternative theory being that the fairies were those who still adhered to tho Druidic faith, and therefore had to keep in hiding from their Christian persecutors. - No doubt outlaws somotimes tried to invest themselves with supernatural attributes j thus tho Pwoa (Puck) at tho farm of Trwyn, in tho strangely-named Parish o£ Mynyddyslwyn, was 'yr Arglwydd Hywel' — i.e., Lord Howel, prosctibed by the English, and concealed by his tenantry. Ha hid during tho day in a room contrived between two floors, liko thoBe in which Roman priests wero concealed in Elizabeth's time. Some times bo used -to join -in the talk that wont on in the living-room below. For in stance, when the servants were comparing hands, as to whitenoss and size, a gontlo voi'o said: 'the Pwoa's hand is tlio fuirest and smallest.' They bravely askoil it to show its hand, and through a obink in the coiling a hand was throat down, small, fair, and delioately formed, with a large gold ring on the little finger. So, again, a set of m»andera who, ia the sixteenth dentaiy. wore Ibo torror oi Merioneth, gavo ont that thoy were fairios. Thoy lived in dons in tho ground, had flory rod hair, and fed on etolen Bhoep. At laBt Lord Owon gatbored a troop, and soon proved thnt tho rod falrlea wero flesh and blond bydofoating thom, and bang ing a hundrod of his prisoners. Ho spared tho womon, ono of whom boggod hard for hor son's life. Owon spnrnod hor away whoronpon sho oponod hor bronst and shrlokod : ' This broast has nursed other boub who will yot wbbIi thoir bauds in thy blood.' Not long aftor, tho fairy woman's romaining sons waylaid Lord Owen at a certain Kate, called to ibis day Llidart y Barwn (Baron's gato), In Commaos parish, slow him, and washed thoir bands in bis blood. Prophot JonoB's theory is this : ' Tho fnirios nio tho souls of lieathons and others who livod without having hoard tho means uf graoo, and who, therefore, do not deserve fo sovero a puuishmont as bad Christians.' 'Tbo reason why thoy aro so numerous and notivo in Walos is that, in tho eighth and ninth oonturies, tho Welsh lost tlio light oi true. Christianity and rooolvod Popory inBtead. Tbis otmbled the fairies to bo boldor and moro intrusivo ; and thon, in Honry tin* Fourth's time, tho hard laws whioh hindered tho Wolsb from oduoatiug thoir ohildren, brought a total durltucEs on tlicm, and so left them holpless against suoh beings. Thoso laws woro juacUd after O.vou Glen dwyr bBd failed, foolishly thinking his nation oould Bhako off tho Saxon yoke bo.foro it had repented of its sins.' To be concluded in our next. 