THE STORY-TELLER " " ' ' "IN THE KING'S NAME." Chapter HI. A NIGHT ALARM AND A SANCTUARY. 'This way,' whispered my mother, as soon as the door was Quietly closed, and she ut tered a soh as she gazed back at our snow- coveted, dear old home, from which we were neeing perhaps to a certain death ; ior even if the ice would bear us, in such an in tense frost we might easily become exhausted, and sink down to sleep in the snow, from ; which there is no awakening here. 'This way, child,' whispered my mother, and I caught her wrist, ' No, no, there is a sentry placed there every night. Come down the next walk.' She followed me, and we harried down to the edge of the water, now one pure white sheet of snow ; and after pausing for a moment to glance back once more at the bright windows where the fires burned, we joined hands, made up our minds in which direction High Cambers lay, and prepared to step boldly forward on the' ice. It was difficult and confusing in the dark ness ; : for though the snow seemed to throw up a curious reflection that was almost weird in its way, the night was intensely dark, and I felt that it would be a hard task to make our way in a direct line to the haven of safety we sought. . But we did not hesitate, for we stepped boldly on, when—' crick-crack !' — there was a strange, metallic, rending sound, telling of the thinness of the ice, and we stepped hastily back to the shore. Who goes there 2' Bang J One followed directly after the other— the challenge of the sentry and the report of his piece, as he fired in our direction, and a dead branch, divided by the ballet, fell clattering down upon the path. Hastily running back to the house, we en tered by the side, as the officer and his men hurried out back aud front, and we had just time to escape to Jour bedroom and lock the door. I fled to the window, and gently opened the casement, so that I could listen and catch a word of what was said, as a Tegular search was instituted for the cause of the alarm. ' You fool l I heard the officer say, ' what frightened you — was it an owl ?' ' No, captain ; I beard steps, and as I was listening, somebne seemed to try the ice, and it cracked loudly. There, look, I told you so — there's the footsteps in the snow- look, they've been on. two or three yards.' ' Humph 1 yes,' said the officer, 'women. It must have been the two girls ; the ladies have gone to bed. Try the ice, some of you.' I listened, hardly daring to breathe, and there came a loud cracking noise and a splash, follo wed by a burst of la ughter. Humph ! no one will get aay by that road,' said- the officer, and his words found an echo in my heart ; but I was all on the alert, for the voices approached, and X found that they were tracking the steps up to the house. 4 It must have been those two wenches,' said the captain. ' Who has seen them lately ?' ' None of us, captain,' was answered by the rough- voiced man I knew to be the ser geant. ' They're hiding somewhere,' said the cap tain, 'and we'll have them out to-morrow. Load again, Johnson, and give us no more false alarms.' 'Then they will not come here, I whis pered, as I heard the door cloBe, and the sound of the captain kicking the snow from his Bhoes before entering the big parlour, while the tramp of his men was followed by n loud buzzing of vgjces in the kitchen. Not yet, Filbert,' said my mother, ex citedly. My chijd, my child, I dare not stay in this room another night.4 'I doii'fc think you need fear, dear,' I said, speaking comfort my heart did not feel. 'The great lock is very strong. There, I'll doubly torn it, and—' ' W hat is it ?' said fily mother, hastily, for I had paused. / The key iis gone,' I said, in alow, despair ing voice. I heard her draw her breath in a Kissing way thrcnigh her teeth, and then she caught my hand. ' Come quickly,' she said.. We cannot escape from the house ; we'll go to the Grey \- Chamber. ' The Grey Chamber !' I faltered, shrinking back. 'Yes,' she said, Ateraly. 'Do you think, if spirits do really walk the earth, they can be sis' ickcd arid treacherous and cruel as un- ; bridled in£h?' J. " , i But, mother— m -the dark—so near 'iFUbert," are, yoii child or woman ? said '-Sler' wOsAfeogmeas they at the _ame ijme eeemd to btoce my nerves, and, laying j - ' '/J my liwid iii Iters, it (Segm0(j to have cesser! - we walked to-vthe door, j listened. j "There was the buzz of voices, and an cc- i casional laugh to jar upon ns in our trouble. j We could hear, too, the low, measured tones of Mr Blcott speatung in the big parlour, as, j closing my door, we went hand in handalong I the passage. , We kept stopping now and then, for the old oak boards creaked strangely, jost ag if some one. wore walking before us, and so thoroughly wore we imbued with this idea that we delt as it we had only to stretch - out our hands to touch something whose presence seemed to cast a chilling influence round us, as though a freezing vapour emanated from the form, ' It is nothing— it can-be nothing,' I whis pered desperately, as I led the way now, but only to stop agftin and again in the few yards - that led to, the short flight of stairs, at the top of which was the door of the Grey Chamber. We stopped, shivering with excitement and dread, at the foot pi the stairs, and as we clang to-each other — ' creak-creak-creak- creak-creak- creak'— the stairs gave, as it were, to a heavy tread ; there was a ipw moaning of the wind as if the sash was opened, an icy breath .passed across our cheeks ; then the wind seemed to be cut off by the closing of the door, the moaning ceased, and all was still as death. - It was very dark where we stood— in fact, we could not see one another ; but we could have been positive that something had walked from our -door before us along the passage, and then up. the short flight of stairs, opened the Grey Chamber door, en tered, and closed- it. That my mother's thoughts were the same as mine was shown by her words, for she whispered with her lips close to my ear — ' It must have been the captain.' 'No,' I said ; 'he is in the parlour. You can hear his voice. .. I Yes,' she whispered. Shall we go back ?' 'No, mother,' I said desperately, If it is not fancy, it is nothing that will do us any harm.' ; She sighed, and, grasping , my hand more tightly, we went up the stairs together with out a sound, for the boards did not creak now, and on reaching cut my hand on the little landing, I found the icy cold handle of the door, turned it, and — found ifc fast. Who or whatever had passed in had fas tened the door on the other side, was my first thought ; bnt the next moment showed me that the key was in my hand, I turned it, and threw the door open, to find that we were no longer In darkness, for it was indeed the Grey Chamber, and seemed full of a soft, grey light, reflected from the snow. We stood on the threshold listening, but all was still, and beating down the strange sense of fear that oppressed me, I hastily drew the key from' the lock, placed it on the : inner side, and closed and locked the door. . Then we stood listening, feeling that we Were safe from interruption, but unable to shut out the strange fancies associated with the old room, with its quaint bedstead and furniture, all of which was carefully kept in order ; but what was done had always: been done.by day : it was, an accepted thing that ' no one ever entered .that room after dark; . I don't know that we were a particularly superstitious set of people, butforgenerations past it had been handed down and acqepted that the Grey Chamber haci a peculiar his tory, and that the room was to .be held sacred. ; .j We stood there,, gazing round the chilly place, with its carpet covering the centre of the room; its shining oak flower and stiff, high-hacked chairs. The grey light diffused through the place gave it a strange, awe- inspiring aspect, and I fully expected to see figures rise from the chairs and approach to see the cause of our intrusion ;. but. save a curious humming noise made by the wind in the casement, all was still. We shall be safe here. Filbert,' whis pered my mother, ' He will not- venture to come to this room, even if he thinks we are here, which is hardly likely,' I did not answer, only pressed her hand, and then we went round the room to assure ourselves that we were its sole occupants, before taking the coverlid from the bed, and enscohsing ourselves in a great, old-fashioned arm-chair, shivering with cold and fear, and trying to infuse warmth into our chilly frames. . The sounds in the house were so deadened, here that we could hardly hear tbein ; and as the time crept on,, and a certain amount of warmth came back, we crouched together, listening, till a dull, weary sense d! heaviness began to assail us. The dread of the super- . natural had passed away, and with the sense of security that had come upon us we at last, fell fast asleep. . I cannot racaUmy "dreams, only that they were pleasant,; and somehow connected with /Stephen, when I was awakened by the pressure of my mother's hand. For a time I could not recall my senses, Ror understand why I was cold and cramped, nor where X was, but a reason rjiow -asserted itself, and I recalled! our position. I an swered the pressure of my mother's hand, Tiri gazing straight before me .towards - the' window, could see a tail, grey- figure in some Inng garment that seemed to touch the- ground close by the casement, where it stood quite still. - My heart beat heavily, and If elt that I must shriek aloud, then that mv -mouth was dry, and then my pulse seemed to-Stand still as the figure approached with -eutstrfctched hands nearer and' nearer till thby touched my cheek. ' Chatter I Y. the ghost that game. I cannot describe the agony- of those moments, nor the joy of the reaction, as, directly after, a well-known voice whispered— 'Who is this—Filbert?' v , : SteveT I panted. ' Hiafe, darling I not a word. Where is your mother? 'Here, Steve. My husband 1 Where is my husband Y 'Hush 1 be calm. Be is on.tlie ladder. - There is a sentry elose foy. We came to this window, believing the room would not . ;. be occupied. But hush \ I can heir some < one moving.' j ; ; There was ho doubt about it.. ome otlP" j was moving in the passage, and there was | no time to. lose. - ... - Going to the window, Stephen whispered that he had found us, and returning quickly I he bade us get a couple of sheets from the These, with his own hands, he tied cloak . fashion round our shoulders. . , j 4 they- will make yOu invisible against the snow,' he whispered. ' Don't speak ; I know all. There are two sentries in the garden, and we must be careful. I was burning to ask him how he and my father contrived to get to us, but obeyed in silence, and in a few moments, by his and my father's help, we had both descended the short ladder placed against the window, and stood together on the lawn. ' _ My father now took the lead, and I could see. that both he and -Stephen wore long sheets, which rendered thetn perfectly in visible against the snow which was now falling fast, and filled up our footsteps as we stepped cautiously along. _ Suddenly we paused as if moved by one impulse, for just on our right there was a loud cough, and the rattling noise made by accoutrements as their wearer gave himself a shake as if to get rid of the snow. . We waited for a while, and then passed slowly on once more, so close to the sentry that but tor our disguises he must have seen us, and I could hardly breathe till we were some distance away. There was a dull glow from the direction of the house, but nothing more visible as we went cautiously on to the end of the long grass plot, where Stephen paused. 'Sit down,' he whispered; and as I obeyed I sav that ny father had placed my mother close by me in the snow. ' What are you-going to do ?' I asked. ' Take you to safety, I hope,' ho whispered. ' Wait till I get on my skates.' I found as he busied himself that I was seated on a very slight hurdle, and with my apprehensions quickened by our danger, I caught at the idea of our rescue. It was plain enough now ; the ice would not bear any one walking, but a clever skater rapidly gliding over its surface would be borne up, and seated as I was on a light hurdle, which could cover a good space, he would probably be able to draw me by means of a rope if once he could get started. The time occupied by our deliverers in getting on their skates seemed interminable ; bufc»at last they rose, my father whispered the one word Ready !' and Steve answered with the same word. ' Rest up a moment,'' he whispereft to me, standing awkwardly in his skates, and as I obeyed him, he, as I expected, felt in the snow for a rope, twisted it round his wrist, and softly thrust the light hurdle on to the ice. 'Now,' he whispered, step lightly on the hurdle, and fie down with your Ijead from the house. Lie quite still, and trust to me.' I answered with a pressure of the hand, stepped boldly on to the hurdle, and lay down as he desired, stretching out my hand to feel where the rope was tied, and finding it at one end. I could not see what they were doing close by me for the snow ; bnt a peculiar . grating noise and a loud crack told that my father had started on his venturesome journey, and the next moment I saw Steve's towering form, looking doubly large in the peculiar snow-blink as he glided by me, the ice grating at the touch of his skates, and then giving sharp crack after crack, as there was a dull, heavy jerk at the rope, and I felt the hnrdle slightly move. I felt' that I was tolerably safe, but the ice cracked so loudly at every stroke of the skates that I trembled with apprehension as I felt sure that one or the other must go through, while at almost the same moment there was a bright flash,- which seemed to cut the falling snbw, a sharp report, and the loud challenge of the sentry. A shot was fired directly; by the other sentry at the other end , of the garden, and then came the noise of the opening door, the hurrying of footsteps, and the cries of the officer "and his men. Meanwhile, crack, crack, crack, crack, the ice seemed to be splitting away in every direction as the skates grated and cut into it, the hurdle moving so slowly that our progress from the side was pitifully slow. I could hear Steve panting, and away ou my left the hoarse breathing of my father as the hurdle ! he drew moved as slowly as mine. Had the ice been clear of snow, and a start once gained, they would have glided easily on ; bun now, when eveiy yard meant safety, the snow gathered, and our progress was horribly tardy, and in spite of all the efforts, we could not have been twenty yards from the edge, when the captain's voice was heard — 'Halt there? or I fire.' ' For answer, my father whispered, ' Stoop, and keep on for your life. I could hear His skates .cutting, into the crackling ice as he spoke. Steve seemed to redouble his efforts, and the. hurdle I. was on glided faster. ; There was a sharp order heard distinctly through the snow, and my heart seemed to stand still as I heard the iword — FireV . There was a tremendous flash, a ragged volley,, and a curipus whiatlmg, followed by a slip, a stumble, and the Ice cracked, the split seeming to run on with a Joud metallic rending noise that extended in all directions. I could not speak nor move for the horrible dread that came upon me. Stephen was hit by one" of tbe balls, and my heart told me that he was dead. ' The hurdle I was ou had stopped suddenly as poor Steve fell, but I could hear the other one slowly making progress, while for a few moments there was silence on the shore ; then h sharp order, followed by the clear ringing- noise made by the ramrods as the men loaded ; there was another pause, and as the cracking of the ice went on, a fresli order, and sharply following it the word ' Fire 1' once more. Aaain the light flamed out, there was the ra ged volley and the whistling of the bul-. lets, while simultaneously I heard the ice- cracking more than oyer an my left, where, the grating of the skates ceased, and I uttered a ; low moaa, -for I knew that my father was down. ' You've hit them, my lads, whoever they are. Re-load, quick, and now forward ; the ice seems to bear.' , , , I could see nothing, but the voices sounded terribly near; and then the ice began to crack again loudly, there was a sharper noise, and a splashing and floundering as of men breaking through ; and then, amidst shouts and evident confusion, it was evident that men were being dragged out on to the dry land. ' Here, two of you, go on,' cried the Cap tain, impatiently ; ' one on each side of the hole. It will bear now. Well, what 2' he said, in answer to a shout. There isn't a soul in the house but the parson, Captain ; the ladies have escaped.' ; ' Forward there, you two,' cried the Cap tain, with an angry curse. ' No more firing; ; we must have theta back.' I could see Nothing ; but with my mind s eye, aided by what I could hear, I seemed to; . see it all ; and that two more men stepped on to the ice, took three or four paces, and then broke through, to be struggling and beating the ice and water till they were helped ashore. Just then I became aware of the strange grating sounds of the skates once more on my left; and also that my hurdle was moving; but on stretching out my hand I found the rope slack, and realised the fact that the fall must have been a feint upon Steve's part, and that now he had crawled round to the foot of the hnrdle, and was pushiug it along, lying flat the while upon the ice. ' Curse you — stop, or I'll fire again 1' roared the Captain. Do you hear there ? Surrender, or I'll fire !' No reply was given, and once more the volley seemed to cut the air, and the bullets whistled overhead, but all the while the hurdle was gathering speed, as we were evidently getting on to a wind-swept part of the ice, where it was clearer of the snow, and Steve struck out more and more boldly, while I could plainly hear that the others progressed equally fast. Get up and draw now, my lad,' my father whispered ; and I touched Steve as he passed me ; the rope tightened once more, and the hnrdle glided faster, but the ice cracked again more loudly, and a fresh volley was fired from the shore. I was surprised, though, to see how far we had come, for the flashes were indistinct, ; and the reports deadened, and in another five minutes we had gone over such a dis- i tance that we were out of reach of danger, and the hurdle travelled fast, in obedience to the strokes of Steve's ringing skates, which cut up the ice, and sent it back to me. in a keen, sharp powder ; and now for the first time I realised the fact that it was intensely cold. Almost as I realised the fact, there was a faint groan in front — Steve, as I made out, seemed to glide rather than fall upon the ice, the clear ringing of his skates ceased, and the hurdle glided on, to be stopped by his prostrate form, and starting up on my knees, I caught his arm. . ' What is it ?' I cried ; are you hurt ?' 1 Not — not much, love— Ah f He had fainted, and I knew he must be badly hurt. Father, stop !' I cried. For answer. I heard a sharp ring of the skates on my left, the gliding of the other hurdle ceased, and a dimly-seen figure seemed to loom out of the snow, the ice cracking as it came on. ' What is it .? Is he hurt ?' ' Shot, father, shot,' I cried instantly, ' I dare not come nearer, child, or we shall all go through. Drag him, if you can, on to/ the hurdle. Dare you wait alone ?' 4 Yes, ye?,' I wailed, 4 only be quick.' 'I will, child,' he cried, hoarsely 4 but your mother has fainted. She will die, if I leave her there.' 4 Go, then, quick,' I cried ; 4 for Heaven's sake, be quick.' The ringing of his skates was the answer, and I heard the ice crackle, and then the long splits go speeding away with sharp report after report, as the hurdle began to glide on once more ; but all this while I was striving to move the prostrate figure, and, how I know not, somehow contrived to get him by my side. It was doable weight in one small space, but though the ice cracked at every move ment, the hurdle covered "enough to make it bear us both, aud I tried to restore him to consciousness by rubbing his hands, . 4 teve,M moaned — 'Steve, speak to me;1 but the hissing of the wind was all I got for answer. - „ . # ' I raised his head, I kissed his lips, I called him by every endearing naipe, but there w&B; no reply ; and suddenly I awoke; to the fact that my hands were wet with something warm, and at last I found that it was his life blood welling from a wound in his arm, I had sense enough to stanch the bleeding as I best conld, by tightly binding round my handkerchief, and then, with a chili, aching feeling of despair seeming to clutch my heart, I pressed closer to him to shelter him from the icy wind, alone there upoa that waste, " with only a frail sheet of ice between UB-and a 'dreadful death. The wind drove by, chasing the snow from ' the surface, and sweeping the sky clear, bo that the sparkling stars glittered above us, and it grew lighter. The mental and bodily pain I .suffered was acute, but soon this became dqlled, and I lay there holding my lover to my breast, with a strange drowsy feeling coming over ine. A flock of wild fowl flew over us with a harsh, clanging sound, and weird cries seemed to arise from here and there, but they seemed to be heard in a dull, distant way, that belonged as it were to a dream. A sharp 4 Hallo V rang out at last, and I roused up a little, smiling to myself, for the horror of being oat there alone, with Stephen dying beside me, had passed now, and I knew that help was close at hand. Again the cry rang out, hut I could not answer, and it was like- a dream when I heard my father's and another voice talking about a rope, and pulling together. Then 1 seemed to hear the ice cracking again, and the scraping of the hurdle as it moved, and then ail was blank, for I sank into a hind of dream less sleep. I awoke, to find myself in a warm room, tended by my mother, and from her I learned that 1 had been ill and delirious for day8| and ttiatSitfephenr was serionslyill froma had wound, but out of danger, and that I wa«;» his house. m There was little more to learn, only that my father had returned and found me wiHi no little difficulty, by the aid of the man who had bravely offered to come with him from High Cumbers ; and together they had dragged as to a place of safety. On the following day the soldiers had from a distance been seen to cross the ice, and the same day Mr. jSlcott made his way to us with the news that the two girls7 had been hidden in the great barn, safe amidst the straw while the Captain's search had been for some', one bearing my father's name, who, withhia companiQa, had. been succoured by Stephen the poor fellow being captured afterwards in a neighbouring village to which he had fled after the defeat of the Pretender's forces and this retreat to Scotland. - ' Ours was a sad Christmas, for Stephen was more /than once near unto thegates of death i but the New Year brought new strength and <soon the pallor — so he said— began to depart from my cheeks ; bnt the adventures of those few days made an impression upon us that we never forgot. We have been man and wife for forty years, and those we both loved as parents peacefully sleep where hillocks are silvered by the snow.— Once a Week . - - 