Amusements. Oa the plea that ' we can't have too much- of a (rood thin?,' we presume that ' Maobeth' at the Queen's Theatre as well as at the Opera House, on Saturday night, ought not to be grumbled at. Tho wisdom of such dashing maybe questioned, however, and considering the wide field there is for eeleotion, it would surely he fairer to the publio, as well as more proauioie to me respective housob, were iiuu field taken greater advantage of when the visit of two companies like the Pomcroy and Banduiann are con 'Maobeth' was tolerably well mounted at the Queen's, and if we except the incongruity of draw ing-room wings on a wild moor, the scenery was well set and effective. The dresses in some oases might be improved, notably in that of Ban quo, whioh, despite tho intelligent rendering of the part by Mr. SefRrn, irresistibly suggested the strolling player par excellence. The murderers, too, might manage their 'bloody business' equally well in clothing less grotesque. 'Macbeth' and 'The Babes in the Wood ' are not identical. Mibs Fomeroy's Lady Maobeth shows a patient and careful study of tho text, and an intimate knowledge of the recognised rendering of the part. There is nnt much originality in the conoeption, rather more of a faithful imitation of generally approved prece dents ; and in this we think Mies Pomeroy is wisa, for, although novelty is much seurht for in these days of Irvingitish tondenoies, such charactira ae Lady Macbeth may well be left untouched. Miss Pomeroy has a fine voice for tragedy, and its power was sustained throughout tho piecB, and at times her marvellous powers of denunciation were thrilling if not painfully realistic. Her thirst for power, her beldnesB, and her love far inMtwui, were an strongly maraea in Hue eariy trots , while the wearied restlessness and consequent som nambulism in the latter acts, were well ponrtrayad and rendered in a manner thoroughly natural. In the somnambuliKtio scene, howeyor, slie erred in being too demonstrative in her actions, and the drcBB wora, we should say, was rather out of plaoe. Macbeth wes creditably played by Mr. Vincent, although a tendency to rant Bomo what marred the more declamatory passages. In the scene with Lady Macbeth, before the murder of -the King, his voice became too lond — almost ap proaohing s- yell — so lond, indeed, that had the guards of the sleeping King been a mile or so distant they must have been awakened. As Mr. Tin ep.nt was playing under Great difficulties, known only to the profession, aay defects noticeable should not be too harshly dealt with. As MacciufE, Mr. Emmott surprised the uudienoe, and became the popular favourite almost immediately on his first Bpeeeh. Eis rendering wss manly and in telligent throughout, and big grief on rcoeiving intel Hgenoe of the destruction of his household wao touohicgly denioted. He certainly is to bo con gratulated on his BncocBE. AmoDg the minor partB, Mr. Martin's King Dunoan was marked by quiet and Tintn^ttl nnHna Tlia nhnrnn. iti wViinh TVfi'pft Fnrdfl'fl street voioe told well , was powerful and well-balanced , and tho *nusio was very oommendably rendered throughout. ' Macbeth' will be repeated to night. Byron's comedy, 'Blow for Blow,' was revived by tho London Comedy Company at the Theatre lloyal, on Saturday evoning. There were several changes in tho cast, Mr. Cites taking the part of Josiah Craddoek, Mr. Tithoradge thatot John Drum molid, Mieo Blanche Stammers that of Lady Ethel Linden, and Mrs. G. Gordon the double role o£ Mildred Craddock and Alice Pothsrick, and the production was improved by theso changes. Mr. Cates played nio portfaithfullv and well, and Mr. Tithentdge was quite equal to his task, givincr an excellent impersona tion of John Drummond's villainy and drnnkenneas. Mies Blanche Stammers was seen almost to as great advantage iu thecharaoterof Lady Lindenas formerly in tho double role of Mildred Craddock and Alioft Petherick, whioh was played very effectively by Mrs. Gordon. Of course, the parts of Charley fepraggs aud Mies Kitty Wabbler were played by Mr. Frederick Marshall and Mibs Annie Taylor respec tively, and their appearanae on the stage was in it solf the eause for ianghter, whioh, by their eccentric utterances, would beoome uncontrollable. ' Blow for Blow' will be repeated this and to-morrow evening, aftor wMoh the company will play ' Pvg mslion and Galatea,' in con junction with the comedy ' Withered Lmves,' for two niehts. JlEUHI3Artl)]UANN B mAUtf&Tll.; ? JUietlLnuuuCBBLUl run of a week, ' Hamlet' gave place at the Opera House on Saturday evening, to ' Macbeth,' the leading rola ii the tragedy, being, of conrse, sus tained by Herr Bandmann. As a whole, perhaps, it was a less satisfactory performance than his im personation of the DaBiah Prince. Bnt there were portions of it infinitely more striking, and such in eqnih'tiesas it; exhibited, were amply redeomed by its entire freedom from anything conventional er common place, and by tho vigour and intolligeioe with which the conecption wob wrought out from the first scene to the last. Herr Eandmanx'a Maobeth diftors in many reBpocts from that of any other aator with whom th'e Sydney publio is familiar. The in novations which it presents cannot be re garded as merely oipricious. They are evidentW the result of careful study, and in several instances where they depart most widely from the traditions of the English theatre, it will, we think, be found that they are not wholly unwarranted by the text of Shakespeare. Maobeth is usually ropresented by our tragediens as a man gradually seduoed into crime, and as little else than a passive instrument.in tho hands of bU more daring and unscrupulous wife. Herr Bandmann shows the Thane in a somewhat different light. Ho m&kou; it U.p[JCVLClili tuav J.unuuuiiU|UUtu uus uivuigut uajwu wo *b salnt«d with the ' prophetio greeting ' «f the'wierd sistera,' oonoeires the fell design of removing Dnnoan and grasping the crown. This is finely in dicated by the aeitation of his oountenanoe as he musos on the prediotions of the witches, and endea vours to oonvinoe hunsolf that the 'supernatural soliciting oannot be ill.'^— I am Thane of Cawdor. If good, why do I yield to that suggestion Whose horrid image doth unfix my hsir, And make my scared heart knock at uiv ribs, Aeainfit the usa of nature.' -\nd again, in his first interview with Lady Macbeth, his glanoe at her, as he sayB 'Duncan oomos here to-night,' reveals the workings of his sou. She snp plies the ingredient in whioh his animal courage is wanting. The Obstaolesjit whioh he falters her devil ish subtlety sweep away. Her counsels «onfirat him in hie bloody purpose, but they do not suggest it. In the famous d&gger; aoene, thete was a point made, which is worth remarking. When Maobeth exclaims ' I 668 tbse still, and an thy blsio and irndgeoc gouts of blood,' the action with which the words were. accompanied was so ex pressive, that the audienoe themselves anemed for an inatant to realise the presence of the air-drawn wea pon. In the banquet sceae, too, tho aoting of Herr Bandmann was most impressive, the terror and amazement with which Macbeth contemplates the ghost of Banquo being admirably Jnninhiil Tba kiafAvt/ial crnint.v nrifii vrhinh when the apparition vanishes, ne apologies to tho assembled gBSBts for his ' strango infirmity' and the overmastering horror with whiah he is seized whan, as he pledges ' our dear friend Banquo,' the spectre confronts him onoe more, wnre sot less effeo tivoly pourtrayed. But wMlo admitting its varied merits, it must be added that there is a certain hardness iu Herr Bandmann's '.' Maobeth,' and that it is relieved by ttw touohss of tondernsEB or pathos. When he hesitates to assassinate Duncan, it is ap parently less through ' oempunotuous visitisga of nature' than from a soldierly sense of honour and duty. His demeanour subsequent te murder is that of a crafty and remorseless tyrant. He excites no sympathy, for he seems the inoarnation of selfishness and oruelty. Herr Baadmann was not very happy in the delivery of the exquiBite soliloquy, 'My way of life has fallen into tho sere and yellow leaf,' nor in that beautiful passage in whioh the death of the queen is bewailed. Both were spoken in a querulous, half-defiant tone, which had in it nothing of melaBoholy retrospection. It waa, however, in the last aot that he was seen to the most advantage. He looked every inoh a warrior and a king. The desperate valour with which, when driven to bay, Maobeth rushes on Ms fate, sailed forth some of the best qualities of the aotor, and elicited a hearty burst of applause. Whatever its shortcomiBgs may be, Herr Bandmann's Maobeth is a oreation of great originality and power, and will tend to oonfirm the artist's title to rank ae ft worthy interpreter ot the leeitimatetdrama. Lady Macbeth. WOS perrOrmOU Py JULIUS XJUIUBU UWUUDlt uuu mm oonspionous ability. We certainly can confidently assert that we have never witnessed the oaaraater more efficiently rendered by a juvenile actress either in England or Australia. And in the most trying test of all, the sleepwalking scone, Miss Beaudet's triumph was complete. Wo have seen many aooomplished aotresseB who have acquitted themselves to admiration In the prooed ing scenes of the tragedy, miserably fall in this ordeal, or barely nueoeed In being xeapeotablo, wMle, on the contrary, Miss Beaudotprodustd a really pro. found sensation. There is doubtless a brilliant future awaiting this clever young lady. Mucdnff waB enaoted by Ur. Hoiking with that excellence which might be eipeoted from t, veteran Shake spearian student and aator. Mr. Douglass, as Basse, was not deftoliBt in fire and enerer. Mr. Cathoart was a thoroughly oapabla Banquo, and ' the gracious. Dinaan' ' bore his faculties meekly ' in the person of Mr, Haikor. Hecate was entrusted to Mr. Booth man. 'Theweird'«istnrBWererepr«sentedbyMesBra. Howard, 6». Lawrence, aid Brawn, and the singing witobM prfneipaH* by the Misses Montague ana Lake. The remaining parts wtrejudiolously allotted. The Boenery, mdmufing, &0., were extremely good, and some of the effeotp introduced are deserving of speoial praise. We parfcioularly refer to the yiaipn .of tho kinga whiek' the witch.ei «bow M»o6«th. it was very ingeniously managed, and a vast improve ment on the old style in which the supposed shadowy monorohs used to stalk across the stige. 'JEaebeth' is annonnoed for repetition to-nirht. Mibs St. CLiiB's Comcekt.— UliSB Marie Et. Clailr, somuoh admired aa one of tho few pnreoontraltos heRrd in Sydney siioe the days of Sara Flower, and who hr.s latoly introduced to us her sister as a soprano songstress, announoes her final departure from Syd ney, having been engaged in Queensland, wbenoo the t-vo sisters will proceed to Jtfelbonrne. To mark the esteem in which they aro held, a farewell concert has been organised to take pltoo at tho School of Arts, to-morrow (TueEday) evening. Allthetalentwehave in Sydney will assist on theoocasion, and as it is one calling for Bpooial acknowledgment, and tbe pro gramme is unexoeptionably good, it is hoped that there willbe aorowded audience. Mrs. Palmor (Rosina Carondini) has been very sncceeeful in organising in Melbourne a singing class under the title of ' MrB. Palmer's Choral Sooiety,' for the production of chamber operettas. It num bers about 40 members, and will shortly give its first prodaotion of 'The Eose of Saloney,' under the guidance of tho talented promoter. Mm. Pulmer is the first lftdy who has in Australia Btarted a eooiety of this oharacter, aB has been done in Loudon by Madame Sainton-Dolbv. 