FICTION. from English, American, and other Periodicals, ABANDONED. CHAPTER I. A WIFE'S MALEDICTION. It was a night of unclouded beauty. A dewy freshness filled the silent air. No mist, no cloud, no speck or stain obscured the rich deep arch of heaven, or hid the glory of the diamond stars, that " Wander unwearied through the blue abyss " The broad full moon rose bright and luminous over the masses of dark, glossy foliage, which comprise the immediate surroundings of Leamington Towers \- a huge turreted building of brick and stone, whose ivy-mantled walls bespeak the weather-stain of age, and present an imposing and picturesque appear- ance. The grounds are laid out with exquisite taste and elegance. The long smoothly graveled walks are overarched with wide spreading, luxuriant trees. The broad green lawn is surrounded by choice ever- greens, trimmed into fanciful figures and devices, which make grotesque shadows upon the velvet turf beneath, as the queen of night, rising higher, sheds her golden glory over all, revealing also numberless pieces of gleaming statuary, which rise weird and ghost-like outlined against the dark foliage, and fountains, too, whose musical waters seem chanting their vesper hymn beneath the starlit sky. Leamington Towers itself was ablaze with light, from the top of its graceful, fretted turrets to the broad marble steps which led up to the grand en- trance hall, whose rich and tasteful furnishings gave a faint idea of the elegance awaiting one beyond. brate the elevation of Sir Dudley Durward to the peerage. The " royal patent," creating him Earl Durward and thus elevating him to a position in the Upper House, or House of Lords, had only recently been received, and had occasioned great rejoicing in the object of this honor, and among his sympathisers and friends. It was a position for which Sir Dudley had toiled early and late, and over the success which had at last crowned his efforts, he was now very exultant. In the grand drawing-room, at Leamington Towers \- all white and gold, excepting where the rich and gorgeous flowers made vivid contrast, and filled the air with their fragrance - the triumphant master stands ready to receive his guests, when they shall arrive to tender him their good wishes and con- gratulations. He is a powerfully built, handsome man, of about thirty. But his face has a hard, cruel look - a look which tells of cunning plotting, and of a fierce in- tolerance of anything which stands in the way of his pride and ambition, that repels one at a glance. His eyes are black and piercing, and harbor a fiery gleam in their dusky depths, which is not portentous of good to any one or anything, which may arise to thwart him in any of his darling schemes or desires, though just at present, they are very bright with the triumph of success. His nose and mouth are large and coarse, his lips are sensual in their expression, and habitually curved at the corners with a sneering expression not pleas- ant to behold. He stands there in the centre of that luxurious room beneath the blazing chandelier, his hands clasped behind him, his head thrown proudly back, and his thoughts full of that day, when he shall go up to London, take his long- aspired-for seat in Par- liament among the nobility of the land, and bend every one to his will by the power of his eloquence and his indomitable perseverance. His father had been an impoverished baronet with neither energy nor pride. After his death, and upon coming in possession of the estate, Sir Dudley had bent all his energies to the improvement of the fallen fortunes of the house. His ambition knew no bounds; he was determined to rise to the very top- most round of the ladder of wealth, and fame, and honor. Everything he touched turned into money. He improved and extended his estate, until it became one of the finest in the country. He then began to aspire to political honors, was elected as Member to the House of Commons for his borough, and acquitted himself therein most honorably. This, however, did not satisfy him, and he deter- mined to apply for letters patent, which would create him a peer of the realm. The success of his under- taking we already know, and we will now return to him as he stands in his princely home awaiting further honors. A door at the farther end of the magnificent room softly swings open, there is a moment of stillness, as if some one standing upon the threshold hesitated about the propriety of advancing, then a lovely ap- parition glides noiselessly forward, and finally halts just beside the proud master of Leamington Towers. A daintily gloved hand is gently laid upon his arm, and a voice, sweet as the music of fairy bells, says " Dudley, I am glad of your victory. I hastened down before any one should arrive, that I might be the first to congratulate you." He started at the words, and his face changed in a moment from its look of triumph to a bitter sneer. " Oh, you congratulate me, do you ? I suppose you do not feel in the least elated at the prospect of occupying the position of an earl's wife ." He turned fiercely upon her as he spoke, and his eye never softened, nor did the least spark of ad- miration or affection light up his coarse features, as he beheld the fairy-like vision before him. " No, no Dudley; you know that I have no selfish feeling in the matter," she returned, with a little sob, and shrinking from him as if he had struck her a blow. " You know," she added, " that I am only glad for you" " Glad for me, are you? and pray what good will all your gladness do me?" he said, harshly. " I thought, Dudley, that you would be pleased to know that I shared your joy," she answered, mlldly, yet with a gentle dignity which became her well. She was fair and sweet as the sweetest blush rose. Her form, her rounded arms and dainty hands, her graceful shoulders and delicate neck, her small head surmounted by its burnished hair, the tiny shell-like ears, the sweet mouth and deep blue eyes, were all simply perfect. And with all this, added to a fault- less toilet, it was evident that not a fairer vision would grace the grand old halls of Leamington that night. But so much beauty and loveliness had no power to soften the ill-natured man at her side; indeed her very presence seemed to aggravate him, and to drive away all the pleasant thoughts which had been his companions ere she entered. He laughed harshly at her last words. "Yes, share my joys, and honors, you should have added. Honors are plenty just now, and you are welcome to share them all, madam: but I would in- form you that I have precious few joys at present, and expect to have less in the future," he concluded bitterly. She cast down her beautiful eyes, and sighed wearily. " You know," he continued, sullenly, " that what I hoped most for of all things has been denied me." " I know, my husband, to what you refer," she an- swered, sadly, " God has seen fit to leave us child- less - has withheld from us that which would per- petuate our name, and give us great joy besides. The bitterness has been as great for me as for you. He knows how I would love little children - your little children, Dudley ; but - but-" " But what !" he demanded, fiercely. " But perchance the future may have something better in store for us," she answered, with downcast eyes. " The future !" he sneered ; " that has been your cry for the last ten years. The race has been accursed, I believe, through either you or me, that there should be no heir to inherit these broad lands, and the hon- ors which are fast crowding upon us." Lady Durward took a step forward and looked eagerly into her husband's face. His fierce and angry words had seemed almost to crush her at first ; she had grown pale and sad ; her bright face had lost all its joy, and her attitude was drooping and listless. But a sudden inspiration seemed now to animate her. " Dudley," she said, " would you give me back your love, and treat me as in the old happy days if you had your wish ! Your love," she added, the color flaming into her pale cheeks, her bosom heaving, and her eyes lighting, " is the one thing in this world for which I care most. What are honors, wealth, sta- tion, without some one to lean upon and to love ! I should be happier than a queen, stripped of every- thing which the world bows down to and worships, could I have undisputed reign in your heart ! Dud- ley, won't you give me back the old love? Ah! I thought you would be tender to-night, when the future looks so bright; and you know I love you - I love you so fondly." How could he resist those sweet dewy eyes, raised so pleadingly to his? How could he resist the ap- pealing touch of that little trembling hand laid so gently upon his arm, those quivering lips, and the love-light which illumined that faultlessly beautiful face? But he only laughed a heartless, sneering laugh, " Love !" he said, " Lady Durward, I think I never knew what the word really meant." " You did - you know you did ! Oh, why do you torture me thus !" burst in a passionate cry from her now pale lips. Why, indeed, when it seemed as if the angels above must have loved her tenderly, as she stood there so fair, so pure and true ? But only a mocking smile curled the lips of the icy-hearted man at her side. " You used to be kind and tender to me, Dudley,'' she moaned, " in the days of our early married life ; you used to call me by endearing names, and smile upon me." "Yes," he returned, carelessly, "I like things to go smooth, and pet names and caresses, as you call them, cost nothing, provided you gain your endd thereby. But one gets tired of those things after awhile." "Tired of those things - are you tired of me, Dudley ?" Lady Dudley Durward's eyes were very hard and bright as she asked the question. " That depends upon what you mean by being tired," he said. " You are very pretty and graceful and one likes to see pretty things around. You are very useful too in my household, for you entertain my friends unexceptionably ; you make a fine ap- pearance abroad, and every one is loud in their praise and admiration of the charming Lady Dur- ward ; I am not tired of that, Madeline." " But you are tired of me personally - you are wearied of my presence, your heart has ceased to overflow with affection toward me, and you care for me now only so far as I am able to contribute to your ambition. An enviable position mine is truly," she exclaimed, bitterly. " Pshaw! Madeline—" 'And, now," she interrupted, her voice rising higher with pain, "that honors are being heaped upon you, you would gladly annul the tie that binds us—you would cast me off if you could, as Napoleon did poor Josephine, that your ambition, like his, might be satisfied. Is that what your growing cold- ness to me means ?" " I don't see the use of pursuing this obnoxious subject, Madeline," the earl said, uneasily, and an angry frown clouding his brow : " things are just as they are, and nothing can help them as I see -" "Answer me," she interrupted, passionately, a steel-like glitter in her lustrous eyes, while an im- perative tap sounded upon the floor from the dainty white-slippered foot. " Would you be rid of me if you could ?" His lordship lifted his eyes in mock surprise at her passion. He had never seen her thus before. She had ever been gentle, docile and loving, bearing his slights and neglect with unvarying patience and submission. But now the gentle spirit was aroused ; her heart, with all its wealth of affection, had been outraged beyond all power of endurance ; her self- respect as a wife was at stake, and all the most sacred feelings of her nature were trampled upon. Her indignation made her gloriously beautiful, and the very novelty of her emotion pleased her hus- band, while at the same time it made him reckless as to his reply. " Well, then, my lady," he returned, a wicked fire in his black eyes, " have your answer if you will, and the consequences be upon your own head. I would stop at no lawful means to perpetuate my name, heart or no heart, love or no love, wife or no wife. But unfortunately the days of Napoleon have gone by, and the measures which he adopted to at- tain his end might not result so favourably to my in- terests in this nineteenth century." A despairing cry, which seemed wrung from a breaking heart, echoed through that lofty room at these cruel words. There was a moment of utter silence while that wretched wife and hard-hearted husband stood facing each other, then, "Enough, Dudley Durward," came from the white, stiffening lips of the beautiful, outraged woman, The slight, graceful form was erect and haughty, the classical features were stern and set ; all the love-light and pleading eloquence were gone from the lovely sapphire eyes ; the sweet voice was strained and hoarse. " Enough, Dudley Durward," she repeated ; " too long I have suspected and dreaded this, but now I am forced to acknowledge that I am dethroned from your heart, if a heart you have. I am a wife dis- owned in all but a name. I am degraded to a posi- tion worse than the lowest outcast who roams the streets - an unloved wife, an incumbrance in the house of her husband - a burden, a clog in the wheels of his car of ambition. Surely, I know of no more wretched creature in existence ! A thing, pretty and graceful, needed to complete the adornment of an establishment ! something to pamper one's pride by making a fine appearance abroad, and entertain- ing well at home ! a mere piece of machinery, and useful only as such ! Dudley Durward--- "No, I will not be silent," she cried, as he lifted his hand to stop her. " I will speak now, for the first and last time. You have broken my heart - a heart that loved you tenderly and well, with all the strength of a first warm attachment. You won me from my happy home with your smooth and honeyed words, you cheated me into making an idol of you, you wove your spells about me until l had no will but your will, no thought but to please your every caprice and whim. For this wealth of a loving, trusting heart, you have given me only ashes in return, by your coldness and neglect, by your selfishness and heartlessness, you have crushed and blighted my life, and to-night you have quenched the last remaining spark of affection in my bosom ; and now, over my dead heart, I pray that henceforth all your fondest hopes may turn to ashes in your grasp, may --" "Madeline! you are wild; calm yourself, or you will be unfit to receive our guests," Lord Dudley said, sternly interrupting her, though he was con- siderably startled at having aroused such a tempest in his usually gentle and submissive wife. She laughed at his words, such a heart breaking mocking laugh! all the silvery sweetness which had greeted his accustomed ears for so many years, gone out of it, and involuntarily he shuddered to hear it. "Yes, yes," she said, "no doubt it would sadly wound the pride of the lord of Leamington Towers to have his guests mistrust that a domestic gale was blowing upon this, of all nights. But guests or no guests, my lord, you have ruptured a volcano, and you cannot stay its fury until all its lava-tide has been expended. You know there is no fury like 'A woman scorned,' and now listen, and may my malediction follow you while your heartless heart beats within your bosom. May you never again know the love of a human be- ing. May you have honors, empty honors, until your very soul loathes them. If I should die -- and I pray I may -- may no other woman call you husband, no child ever greet you by the name of father; when you reach the height of your glory, may ruin and despair encompass you; and until your latest breath, may the wail of this, my broken heart -- your cruel work -- ever sound in your ears, and haunt your dying pillow." The last words rose upon the stillness of that lofty room into a wild, piercing cry, that was almost shriek, and before the astonished man could re- cover himself enough to speak, the fairy-like figure in its robes of shimmering brightness had fled, leav- ing him wondering whether he had dreamed it all or whether his beautiful but slighted wife had lost possession of her senses. CHAPTER II. THE BITTERNESS OF DEATH Madeline, Lady Durward, with her seething brain and broken heart, fled in her festive robes from her husband's sight, out into the grand ball, up the wide magnificent stairway, through the upper corridor up still another flight, on and on, until she reached at length the great observatory at the top of the towers -- only one crashing, crazing thought in her brain ; she was an unloved wife -- a wife disowned in all save a name -- and that even would be denied, could any lawful means allow. She threw herself, moaning and quivering with pain, upon a velvet couch, where she lay like a bruised and crushed flower, her hands clasped tightly above her aching heart, her eyes wide and tearless, and almost glazed with the agony she was suffering. Her face was like chiseled marble, and drawn with deep lines of pain. Surely this could not be the bright, beautiful woman who, half an hour previously, had glided into the presence of her husband with the tenderest emotions swelling in her heart, and with words of joy and congratulation upon her lips ! A century of blighting, withering torture seemed to have passed over her, it seemed, as she lay there, as if she never could have been young, or happy, or gay. A band of red hot iron seemed bound about her brow, and a dagger plunged into her heart, which she had no power to withdraw, while every nerve and fibre of ber being were like so many deadly serpents stinging her to madness. Five, ten minutes passed, and she lay there like a statue, only now and then a deep shuddering sob would burst from her white lips, then the sharp clang of the hall bell came sounding up through the corridors, and as if some battery had electrified every nerve, she suddenly sat upright. " This will not do," she murmured, wearily, as she wrung her hands until the costly gloves were rent in a dozen places. " No, it will not do. I must go down. His guests must be entertained, his reputation sustained, the happy wife of the new earl must rejoice and make merry with his friends, that not even a breath of suspicion taint the brightness of his fair fame," she cried, bitterly. Then clasping her hand above her burning brow, she sobbed: " Oh, God ! Wilt thou let me live and suffer thus ? I will not," she exclaimed, rising and pacing the room with nervous steps. " I cannot bear it. Why was I born to a fate like this ?" " Ah," she murmured, her eyes growing wild with excitement, " when I went down to him with so much of love and joy in my heart, when the cup of happiness seemed full and just at my lips, when the light of a new dawn seemed breaking through the clouds of the past, when I had so trusted to add to his triumph and joy by the blessed tidings I had to tell him, when I had kept it all in my own heart so long so that should he gain the victory it would only lift him higher, or should he have to encounter disappointment he would have been com- forted. But he has dashed every hope from my life, he has mocked and scorned me, he has heaped insult and injury upon me, until every moral obligation which bound me to him is snapped asunder." She stopped m her pacing, and lifting one con- vulsed hand in threatening, said, sternly : " Woe unto you, Dudley Durward, and woe it will be, for just so sure as you have blighted my life just so sure have you blotted out every joy from your own future. I hold the secret of your destiny in my hands, and I will keep it, I will hug it to my heart, I will treasure it up, as a miser does his gold, until you have reached the very pinnacle of your glory, and then I will use it to hurl you into the deepest abyss of darkness and torment." "Oh, heavens !" she continued, more wildly. "I never thought that one of God's creatures could suffer thus. Ah! I was so happy as a girl -- so blessed, when he came to woo me with sweetest words of love -- words which even now are stamped upon my memory, and which even his heartless cruelty to me now cannot efface. What is there left to live for with no kindred to smooth my path- way with their sympathy? Father and mother, brothers and sisters, all gone. I am like the tree stricken and blasted by a thunderbolt, all its heart and life burned out by one fell stroke, and only the lifeless trunk left standing, a blackened monu- ment of Heaven's wrath." Wilder and wilder grew her agony; she paced back and forth the short length of the room like an enraged lion in his cage. Her bosom heaved as if her heart were seeking to burst from its prison, her temples throbbed visibly, and the delicate veins, upon her fair brow stood out hard and knotted, " What have I done ?" she went on. " What dire sin have I or my ancestry committed, that I should be so accursed? Have I failed in a single duty ? Have I swerved in my allegiance a single iota? Never! For more than a decade of years I have lived but for him, sacrificing every thought of self that his path might be free from thorns and strewn only with flowers. I have poured out all the wealth of my heart and nature at his feet; and for what? that he might absorb it as the desert absorbs the dew, that it might be trampled upon, scorned, and in- sulted, mocked and jeered at, until frail humanity can endure no more. But the future -- the future! Ah ! he little dreams how dire will be his punish- ment, Ha! ha! hal" The wild hysteric laugh rang out with almost maniacal mirth, and then died away in a moan ot anguish, heart-breaking enough to melt the stoniest nature. Again the sound of the hall-ball came clanging up to her ears. She had forgotten in her woe that it had rung once before, but now she remembered, and her wandering thoughts came back to her duty with a shock that calmed her almost like magic. She covered ber eyes with a long shuddering sigh, as if to shut out all thought of the fearful or- deal through which she had just passed ; then she left the place, and sped with nervous tread to her own room. As she opened the door of her boudoir, all brilliant with light and beauty, her maid sprang toward her with an exclamation of terror, " What is it, my lady ?" she cried. Lady Durward walked to the large pier-glass, and looked at herself, and a weary, bitter smile curved her lips as she beheld her reflection there. Surely this wan, haggard creature, with her lustre- less eyes, and delicate features distorted by pain, could not be the brilliant and lovely vision who had so shortly before gone forth with eager joy to be the first to congratulate her husband upon his newly acquired honors. " Do not make any disturbance, Bessie," she said, as she turned away from the sight. " I am faint, and I fear almost ill, but you must do something for me quickly, for it is utterly impossible for the mis- tress of Leamington Towers to be absent from her guests on such a night as this." " What can I do, dear lady? What shall I get you ?" Bessie asked, anxiously, as she chafed the little cold hands, and removed the torn gloves. " He has been breaking her heart again, poor dear," was her mental comment, as she noted the wild, haunted look in her lovely eyes, and saw that she was shivering as with cold. " Get me something hot to drink, Bessie -- anything to quicken my blood," Lady Durward said, sinking wearily into a chair, " rouge my cheeks and lips, and try to make me look as nearly like myself as possi- ble." The faithful girl flew to do her bidding, adminis- tered a steaming cordial, which warmed her chilled blood, and set it circulating more naturally in her veins. Under the skilful fingers of the maid a false color soon bloomed upon the wan cheeks and pale lips; a few deft touches, and the somewhat disordered at- tire was made straight, a fresh pair of gloves en- cased the little trembling hands, and Lady Durward wearily arose to again go down to her guests. Bessie gave one pitying glance into her face as she was turning away, and exclaimed, as she saw her sunken, lustreless eyes : " Good heavens, madam ! don't look that way, or everybody will think your heart is broken, when, on this night of all others, you should be most joyous and glad -- wait." She dashed into the dressing-room, and soon re- turned with a little silver flask and a spoon in her hand. She poured out a few drops, and held it to her mis- tress' lips. Lady Durword mechanically swallowed it, and Bessie then, wetting her fingers with the liquid, gently bathed her eyes, inwardly wondering what dreadful thing had happened to make her dear lady look like this. Her efforts, however, were soon rewarded by a light, bright as it was false, leaping into the lovely eyes, and the beautiful countenance becoming more animated and natural. In the great drawing-room below the earl still stood alone. His brow was troubled, and his heart heavy. He had heard the hall-bell peal forth the warning of arrivals time after time. Now the sound of many voices came to him from the dressing rooms ; there was a rustling of silken robes upon the stairs; sweet notes of laughter from merry maidens mingled with the more subdued tones of dignified matrons. Still the mistress of the Towers came not. Would she leave him to do the honors alone ? Would she dare bring this shame upon him in this hour of glory ? Had he driven her desperate, and made her reckless of the consequence should she refuse to re- ceive his guests? More and more anxious he grew; a fever of impatience and wrath seized him ; it would never do to have a breath of scandal touch him ; his fair fame must not even be clouded by a shadow, and domestic difficulties, of all charges, must never be laid at his threshold. The servant threw wide the door, and announced the first arrival. Just at that instant a graceful, sylph-like figure glided to his side from the opposite direction, and the lady of Leamington Towers, calm, beautiful, and regal as a queen, stood in her place ready to re- ceive her guests. Lord Dudley had time to heave a sigh of relief, and bestow one glance upon his wife ere he turned to greet his friends, but that glance made him conscious of some wonderful transformation in her. What it was he could not tell; it was something to be felt rather than seen. A chill thrilled every nerve as he looked at her. He had never seen her so beautiful before. Her brow was as calm as no thought of trouble had ever ruffled the smooth sea of her life. Her eyes glowed with an intensity of light that dazzled him. Her cheeks wore the loveliest flush. Her tones of welcome, as she greeted her guests and responded to their congratulations, were clear and sweet, her smile winning, her manner cordial and gracious. Where were the effects of the tempest which had so recently swept over her soul ? There was not now so much as the troubled quiver of an eyelid, nor the trembling of her hand. Not a fold of her ele- gant attire was misplaced, and she was as perfect as it was possible for a human being to be made. "Was she the same woman who had so wildly de- nounced him half an hour previously, or had he dreamed it ? Surely there were depths to her character which he had never yet fathomed, and he was becoming unpleasantly conscious of the fact, while her male- diction, still ringing in his ears, made him almost superstitious regarding the future. Lady Durward opened the ball with Sir Horace Vere, a distinguished-looking man, some six years younger than Lord Dudley, and who was, during the coming season, to take his seat also in Parlia- ment. It was a well-known fact that he had been an ar- dent admirer of Madeline Rochester in the days of her girlhood ; and although she had never given him an opportunity to propose for her hand, yet she had always been conscious of his preference. Report said, morever, that, for love of her, he had remained a bachelor ever since. What imp of mischief impelled her to open the ball with him, and feel a sense of rest and security in his presence, it would be hard to tell ; but true it is that as she looked into his grave, truthful eyes, which even yet had not forgotten to beam tenderly upon her, she unconsciously felt that some cruel fate must have blinded her youthful vision when she had turned coldly away from his love, and given her heart into the keeping of Dudley Durward. Not once during the evening did Lady Durward condescend to notice her husband's presence by word or look ; not once did she touch his hand as they moved through the dance, nor accept his escort upon any occasion ; not once did her pure, clear eyes meet his in the old trustful way, nor the sweet lips curve in the familiar smile. It galled him more than he was willing to admit, especially when he saw her chatting so brightly with her old admirer, Sir Horace Vere, who followed her every movement with his eyes. He began to regret that he had been quite so bit- ter toward her. He acknowledged that it was some- what cruel in him to repulse her so, when she had no thought but to please him ; and now he noticed, for the first time, that every item of her dress had been chosen with a desire to gratify him. He tried to quiet his conscience by thinking that it was only a little quarrel, which would wear away, as many other slight unpleasant times had done, and he would smooth everything over with a few timely words of affection and praise. " You outshine yourself to-night, Madeline," he whispered, as they passed each other, late in the evening, in a quadrille. She was dancing a second time with Sir Horace Vere. A cool look of scorn, a little lifting of the haughty head, a slight carving downward of the beautiful mouth, was all the return his unusual compliment met with, as, with a gracious smile, she reached out both hands to her partner, and was whirled into place. His heart beat fiercely, and his hot blood tingled in his veins. He could ill brook any opposition, and her supreme contempt stung him to the quick ; but it was evident that henceforth the Countess of Dur- ward could not be insulted with impunity. The re- served force of her character was being developed in a way not at all pleasant to him, and the evening was anything but a comfortable one for him, despite the glory attending it. Everywhere he heard the praises of his wife sounded, and notwithstanding the presence of many charming young maidens and belles, the hostess of Leamington Towers was pronounced the most lovely woman present. But, oh ! the bitterness of death was in the heart of the gentle Madeline. The weary hours were like a thousand years to her; and when at length she was released from her duties, and free to seek the solitude of her own apartments, the overstrung nerves gave way, and swoon after swoon wrapped her tortured heart in the kindly mantle of uncon- sciousness. CHAPTER III. " SHE WILL LIVE, PLEASE GOD," Three months passed. Lady Durward continued ill during alll that time -- so ill that, she could not (or would not) leave her apartments, and passed her time gazing absently from her window upon the distant hills, interspersed now and then with a little reading, writing, and sewing. Once and once only her husband paid her a visit. It was about a fortnight after their reception, when she was beginning to recover from her first serious attack. He had missed her bright presence from the beauti- ful rooms below, and from his table ; nothing seemed complete without her; there was a dreariness and a desolation about the house that oppressed him as nothing had ever done before. He longed for the sound of her voice, her cheerful laugh as it used to echo through the spacious halls. And though he felt somewhat guilty regarding his treatment of her, yet he doubted not but that he should conquer in the end, as he always had done, and everything would go on smoothly as before. He suddenly remembered that Madeline had ex- pressed a wish to possess a certain book. He took some pains to get it for her, and armed with this, and a dainty basket of choicest fruit, a very unusual attention for the autocrat of Leamington Towers to perform, entered her boudoir one bright morning to inquire concerning her health. Lady Durward received him with a calm, quiet dignity which totally routed his composure, it was so entirely different from any reception which she had ever before given him. He was somewhat startled by her appearance. There was not a vestige of color in her face or lips, and the hand which languidly plied the needle in a delicate piece of embroidery, seemed almost trans- parent, A weary, hunted look was in her eyes, which seemed to smite him every time she turned them upon him. He affected, however, not to notice her altered manner towards him, but asked her kindly as he set his gifts before her, if she were improv- ing, " I think so," was her brief, reply while she deigned him neither word nor look of thanks for his offer- ing, ignoring it utterly. " Will you be able to ride with me to-morrow ?" he asked. "Thank you; no," she replied, bending on him a look of surprise. When had his lordship ever asked her to ride with him before ? Surely not since the days of their early wedded life ! The thought occurred to him as it did to her, and he colored vividly at the remembrance, and man of the world though he was, a feeling of embarrassment stole over him that he could not conquer. He could not understand his wife in this new phase of her character. She who had hitherto been so gentle, loving, and lovable, seemed now congealed into a block of marble. " When will you be able to take the air ?" he went on ; " you cannot expect to gain strength shut up within doors." " What do I desire of strength ? I told you I hoped I should die," she cried, a touch of passion in her voice. "Pshaw, Madeline; those were rash word of yours; you must forget them." She must forget, and there seemed nothing for him to regret ! " Forget !" she exclaimed, "when my reason fails me, then may be I shall be able to forget ; when my pulses cease their beating then perchance my heart will cease to ache. No, Dudley Durward, neither now nor any other time while I live can I forget ; you have said words to me that can never be unsaid; you have broken my heart, its love having no fuel to feed upon, has burned to ashes and gone out. You have disowned all affection for me, made the sacred- ness of our relations a mockery, and a thing to be despised. Why should you seek to keep up the farce longer? I pray you, let this your first visit to me be your last. Since you have made me a wife in nothing but a name, a wife only in name will I be from henceforth." " What am I to understand by all this, Madeline ? " his Iordship asked, astonished beyond measure at her words. " I mean that if I am ever able to resume my posi- tion in your house again, that I shall strive to fulfill it, to all outward appearonce, to your credit and satisfaction " * What!" he demanded, sharply. " Do you not understand yet ?" she asked, a shadow of annoyance clouding her brow. "Since I must still bear the title of Countess of Durward, I shall endeavour to appear before the world in a manner befitting my position." " Is that to be your whole duty ?" "That henceforth will be all the duty I owe you, further than that you are to expect nothing of me," she answered, coldly. "In that case our domestic relations will be very harmonious," he sneered, with some bitterness. " Do you talk of harmony when your own hand smote all the chords that bound us until they broke ?" she demanded, her fair face flushing faintly for the first time during their interview. " Am I to understand that you intend to live in the same house with me, and will bestow your presence upon me only when you are obliged to do so to save remark, that you will preside at my table and fulfil your duties as mistress in my home, only to keep the breath of scandal away ? Am I to understand that you will accept only the commonest courtesies of life from me, and that only in the presence of others?" Lord Durward's heart beat more rapidly now then it had done before in years. He could not readily yield all his hold upon this beautiful woman, who had been his wife for so many years. He could not give up anything willingly which would contribute to his comfort. " I mean just that, Dudley. You yourself drew the line for me when you said that I was ' useful in your household to entertain your friends,' that I was an 'embellishment to your establishment' with my ' grace and beauty.' I cannot promise to return those latter attributes," she said, bitterly, " for they are liable to fade, but while they do last I will endeavour to make the most of them for your sake. While I must bear your name, I will endeavour to bear it creditably. " " Madeline, are you turned to stone that you talk thus ?" he asked, regarding her in wonder. " Almost, I think," she said, sadly and wearily. "Think you," she added, "it would not turn a loving heart to stone to be told you were nothing to one to whom you had given your soul's deepest homage, to be tolerated only so long as you contri- bute to another's ambition? ' " Pray, who told you this?" he demanded, feeling guilty at heart, yet striving to speak bravely. " I have but to use your own words in reply -- ' I would stop at no lawful means to perpetuate my name, hearts or no hearts, love or no love, wife or no wife.' " The Earl of Durward regarded her with a sullen fire in his eyes. "Will nothing move your determination!' he asked, gloomily. " Nothing," she began, then raising her eyes to his face she hesitated a moment, " unless," she cried, her white face flushing with something of its former beauty, " unless you can truthfully retract all that you said on that dreadful night -- unless you can give me the first place in your heart with no reser- vation or regrets. I will not be second -- selfish, calculating ambition has no right to supersede the sacred affection which a husband should feel for his wife. I have given you myself -- all that I am and have, and I will not be satisfied with less in return. Oh! Dudley," she cried, reaching out her clasped hands in passionate longing to him, " if you could love me thus -- as you promised you would when you won me -- I could live again. I could love you with a passion that would enrich your whole future life." How could he resist that fair woman as she sat there in her pale beauty, her hands clasped in sup- plication, her whole soul reaching out after him, her deep pleading eyes devouring his face, seeking for one answering spark of affection ! How could he resist those delicate quivering lips, and her hunger- ing heart, which seemed animated for a moment with renewed hope ! But no, it was not in the power of his craven na- ture to return such a wealth of love as she had showered upon him all her life. She knew it could not be, even as she looked upon him, for there was no answering light in his gloomy face, his sullen glance wavered and fell before her pure, eager gaze, and she saw that if he gave her hope it would only be a false one, for he was false- hearted and cruel by nature, with no love for any one or any thing but himself and his own emolument. " No," she sighed, without giving him time to re- ply, her hands falling listlessly apart, the light fad- ing from her eye, and hope again dead within her heart. " No," she repeated, " I can read your soul, and I know it can never be. Even now you are say- ing in your heart, as you have said a hundred times before, 'she stands between me and my highest ambition,' and I know you have learned to hate me as you hate anything which comes between you and your selfish desires." He would have spoken, but she stopped him by a motion of her white hand, saying, mournfully: " Words are useless now between us, Dudley; leave me, please, for it can do no good to prolong this in- terview." And the false-hearted man turned and left her without a word, stricken dumb with astonishment that she should have been able thus to read the dark thoughts of his soul. And so three months came and went. Lady Durward kept her chamber, growing weaker and weaker, seeming to have no desire for life, see- ing no one, and speaking to no one but her maid, and to all appearances she was gradually fading from earth. She never met her husband -- scarcely saw him ex- cept as he passed her window in his strolls through the park, and she never asked after him or spoke his name. One wild and stormy night Madeline called her faithful maid to her bedside. " Bessie," she said, " I fear I am very ill again. I think I shall not live to see the dawn. Go for nurse Foeley." Bessie wept, and begged her dear lady to have courage and not give up all hope, and all would yet be well. " I have no wish to live, but go -- go for my old nurse," she commanded. Away sped the anxious, frightened maid, and ere long the white-haired, motherly nurse was bending tenderly over the fair, frail woman, whom, in her infancy, she had carried in her arms, and tended upon her bosom. She begged her ladyship to let her inform the earl that she was worse, that he might call the physician. But, even in her suffering, she smiled bitterly as she replied : "No, no; let me die in peace, with only those whom I can trust around me." A fearful storm was raging without -- the wind howled and moaned with maniacal fury, the rain poured and beat against the time-worn walls of the towers, as if the heavens were weeping in wild sympathy with the sufferer within. In that solemn chamber the grey-haired nurse and faithful maid bent, with white, scared faces, over their lady's couch, where life and death hovered, battling with each other for the victory. The clock, on the observatory above, solemnly tolled the midnight hour ! there came a blinding flash of lightning, then a deafening roar of thunder, which shook those massive stone walls to their very foundations. The very elements seemed as if vent- ing their wrath over the wreck of a young and lovely life. One ! came booming out with a dismal stroke, and still that anxious watching -- that terrible sus- pense ! Two ! Will the wretched night never end ? Three ! There was a cry of agony, a gathering up of all the vital forces, a prayer, then the white face settled into peace. The lightning grew faint, the thunder rolled away in the distance, with low, sullen mutterings, the clouds parted, the stars came out and smiled as serenely over the earth as if no such thing as woe or suffering had ever cast its shadow over it. Morning broke ! It found Lady Durward faint, pallid, dying -- so the distracted maid and nurse be- lieved, as they aroused his lordship and dispatched a groom for medical aid. The earl carne up and looked upon his wife, it could not disturb her now in her unconsciousness. Her white face, over which the shadow of death hung, startled him as nothing else had ever done in his life, and a guilty feeling, like that of a murderer, stole over him, making his heart sick and his soul quake with terror within him. The physician came, felt the almost pulseless wrist, shook his wise head gravely, but administeredd powerful restoratives, and did what he could. A week passed of unceasing watching, of careful, anxious nursing. Old nurse Foeley scarcely moved from her darling's side, while faithful Bessie hovered around with tireless devotion. Their unwearied vigil was at length rewarded by seeing the deep blue eyes unclose, and rest upon them in a look of recognition. Bessie's faithful heart relieved itself in a sigh of thankfulness. " We have saved her, nurse; she will live, please God," she said, reverently, to nurse Foeley. The white lips moved. Bessie bent over to catch the faint whisper which came from them "You have observed my instructions?' she asked. " Yes, dear lady " " You will continue to do so in every respect. " Yes, dear mistress, my life shall be devoted to the fulfilment of your every wish; but, God willing, I hope to spend it your service," Bessie returned, with quivering lips. " But I am am tired of life, Bessie," moaned the sufferer. " God give you rest and peace ; but you must not think of dying. You have been very ill, but you are better now, and it would be wrong to wish for death when life still holds so much for you." " Do you think so, Bessie ? ' she asked wistfully. "I know it, dear lady; now take this nourishing broth, and then rest ." Gently, as the mother feeds her child, the girl fed the poor sufferer, who was too ill to have any will but to obey her. Then she closed her heavy eyes, and slept. (To be continued ) 