?.???; ARISTOCRACY AND PEOPLE. .. .[PALL MALL GAZK1TE.] Thoro is something profoundly displeasing ? to a certain class of minds in that growth of the power o'Ntho people which is the most re- ' markable feature in tho political history of the nineteenth' century. To them it siguifie3 only that iguofance is treading off the heels of knowledge, that tho folly of the many is over mastering the wisdom of the few. That tho' welfare of a nation is tho chief con sideration will be admitted ; but this. cannot be.attained by the present route. Far from it ; we are on the wrong track,' and each step doo3 but take us further from our right goal. How can sooioty progress, we are asked, when mediocrity.- or. even sheor downright stupidity rules the roast, and tho one idea is to pass measures which Bhall accord with tho views- of the majority of mankind ? That must bo wrong. What can the majority have to siy in the. matter? Mostly fooli,.they had far better go oh cutting bread and butter with . as good a knife as they can get, and leave tho question a?' to how they are to come by so much or so little ofit to tho consideration of their, superiors. For that anyone should siipposo that ordinary common Englishmen can progress sufficiently to form a sound judg ment oil any question whatsoever argues in him ah. incapacity. to appreciate plain facts. Tlio proper position- of the democracy is to be con trolled, by .ttio- upper class; tlioy aro to do their, duty In that state of life, and so forth, as in tho days when slavishness was tho first duty of man. ; 3Tor the upper classes alone have true political intelligence; they' alone possess some divin'o faoiilty of knowing by intuition what must 'bo best for others; and they alone are able to throw aside selfishness and by infinito self-sacrifice to govern for the greatness and benefit of all. :: And ever and anon, in proof of . this^pplitital thesis; we'are treated to a sort of prose ? patter-song,' in which Athenians and VenotiariSj1 JRoinan sonatori. and ; American slavedrivcrs' weave a dahoe of oligarchic jubila tion round:Mr.,I)ar\vin's theory of tho survival of- tlio/.fittest, ?' wliilo tlio ' ghost of a Radical historian is dragged in us chorus to point the I moral of the show. ':Tho Reform Bill of 1832 ' spelled discomfiture nnd humiliation; that of j 1807 ^represented a ; further plunge into the . gulf j Mr; Fowter's Education Act was a rovo- I liition'ary ^measure ;' tliejCounty Suffrage Bill ? iriuat Involve' ufcter-ruin, and the vote which ! broiighfabout tho.downfall of tlio late Admin- I istratiou is literally and truly the accirsed , thing. ' In short, tho- palmy days of English I history were those when rotten borough* and j BiUedures'were plenty, when the -Prime. Minis- I tor ticked 'off his bribe] to honorable members, ' and tlio great landowners looked upon a claim ? to1 independence on the part of a hanger-on as worto than ' high : treason. ' It is therefore scarcely worth whild to reason with such stuff as 'this j but -as its veneer of learning' may impose upon Borne, and its pretence, to philo sophy influence others, ' it may ' not bo out of place to consider for a moment why' is this dangerous democratic movement which wo are told is. 'abouV to swdep away our landmarks, ?and wliy we'Should feel bo', much beholden to. tho'ttt'lstooratlo system whieh. is alone ablo to mAiiitAiii 'on this theory bur- position in tho ' wbrldl* FoY, in the Srat place, what do the great bulk ofEnglUhmon owe to'our privileged o&»! - No great reform has ever emanated from that body, and for generations it hai produced no great statesman. On tho contrary; untilour own day, when tho irresistible strength' of tho people has boon sufficiently organised to make itself felt, the House of Lords has as a body resisted every reform, and the nristocratib statesmen have been precisely those who most; injured tho community. They have -neither: created the empiro nor have they preserved it. All Franklin's efforts to convince them that the* real greatness of the country demanded a duo consideration for the colonists of North Ann. rica: all his arguments that -i magnificent empire where only the English tongue would bo spoken might extend from the St. Lawrence to the Gulf of Mexico, and from thu Atlantic to the Mississippi River— all his eloquence fell upon dull ears. Those who listened and thoso who strove against tho madness o£ the hour were not aristocrats; they wero men of tho people, ? who understood tho issues that were hidden from the selfishness of men of rank. And thus it luia ever been. It is almost sufficient to name a great crisis in our history, whether foreign or domestic, to see at once that tho class which is supposed to havu dono so much for England has inva riably ranged itself on the wrong side. Tlia contest againbt Napoleon himself was sup ported far more from fear, of what might ba the result of French opinions here than because the well-being of the mass of Englishman wiu anywise involved. Two advantages the aris tocracy of England have possessed whicli have enabled them to retain influence to our own time, and may yet enable them to retain it with benefit .to the community. Unliko France, in England tho children of the titled classes soon mingle again with the people, and they have even shown a capacity for selecting leader.; who should servo them as well as, or before, the country from the other classes. But then Englishmen would never have submitted for a moment to the infamie.1 of (tneicn regime ; and unless some skill had beeu shown in dealing with them, tho whola theory of caste would lougsince have been sub merged. Even if it were not so— if all that is contended were true, if the aristocrats of old times were the real patriots— what has that to do with the period we are now in ? Within tho Itt3t generation greater changes havo been wrought in tho condition of mankind than in whole age3 before. Railways, telegraphs, postal facilities aro tho growth of the lost thirty or forty years. Are these not to bo reckoned witu in estimating the sort of government under which men can live nowadays ? Reading aud hearing daily of what is going on, the natural inclination of the people is as certainly towards improvement and progress as that of the higher orders towards stagnation. None lovo to seo the barriers which have hitherto bodged them in forcibly broken down. If there is one thing moro plain than another it is that the artisans and working-classes of our great cities are deter mined that some of the inequalities of their condition shall in a right aud proper manner be rolieved: This is the long and short of tho matter — that, owing to tho regard for rank and presumed intellectual superiority natural to Englishmen, to that utter want of envy , which is one of their noblest attributes, a great opportunity does still lie before the class for which tho monopoly of political capacity is so absurvlly claimed. . The ohange3 and re forms which they could not or would not inaugurate are in the hands of others. Iiet them now show merely an anxiety to strengthen measures which they could ' not bring themselves to deal with, and thus, as they have been counselled by . some of th« ablest of U1030 who wish them well, 'guide the stream that beyond alL question they have not the strength to dam back. To say that Englishmen as a nation aro likely to oppo.w progress under any system of voting or to let their empire slip from them is to ovince a lamentable ignorance of the character of tha race. Our democracies, whether in the United States or our own colonies, havo a remarkablo faculty of righting their miatakos as well as ot holding hard to what is their own. It would bo well for all classes here if the aristocracy were to take the lead in the inevitable move ment instead of wringing their hands at tho progress of tho democracy, or rojoicing in tho more or Ies3 direct vilification o£ their own. countrymen. , 