The Storyteller. The Psychological Experiences of a Victorian Miner. ( Written for the Queenslander.) BY N. WALTER SWAN. N. WALTER SWAN. Stawell, Victoria, June, 1880. BEHIND the ranges to the west of Ararat there is a long line of scattered diggings running nearly north and south. In the old days, when "an ounce to the tub" was considered the proper average to be obtained from wash worthy the attention of the miner, the gullies and ratines which radiated from the sierra seemed for a brief season to be instinct with life. The hillside Was spangled at sights with fiery stars, and in the day were to be seen white tents nestling on ridges and undulations like a flock of settled *birds. Maybe a pistol report stung the dark* nest, and in the sunrise a crowd swayed around some stark body till the vigilance, committee made enquiry. It was a short, fast* and furious time before the tents took flight and the dark* ness lay there again unpunctured by the camp fires or the singing warning of a shot. But, ihort as was the rush, it left behind it the torn range all scabbed and stabbed, corrugated with colored clay or warted with heaps of gravel. A long time elapsed before life returned to the •pot. It lay there ghastly enough lor a year or two till the spring began to mantle it and oover Its bleakness with tender green; then boshes sprang up, and the sun that once fell hotly on bleached stones and barrenness glanced joyously among the leaves where tip birds came bock and nested. Ten years ago*H had fairly revived, and offered as pretty an aspect to the setting sun as any retreat that could be chosen. The vegeta tion had re- covered it and triumphed, but the locality had not passed its tribulation. There prere then a few lonely bark tents that dally gave forth the slender columns of smoke and told where lived those who seemed to have been left stranded by the ebbing wave of Hfe. ; There were men who managed to scrape together a few penny weights every week, whose Wildest hope anticipated the possibility of finding k nugget in some unworked pillar of earth, tod whom serene content visited if the fortunes of the week gave -a prospect of beer'and cards on the Saturday night Then was one amongst , them known as "The Hatter/ who lived and worked alone on the hillside. He was a tall reserved man with a studious face wearing that look of rtfrjoie'and thougfet wntoh* generally speaking the occupation of mining effectually destroys. Miners who work alone gather-a sad oommurimg air that comes I suppose of the deferred hop* and pennyweight dole some old lead bestows that i»as tattered and battered as themselves; or it gives an air of vagrant and unsettled speculation that drives them W pro specting erratic trials of likely places and fretful , feucpiuon of storekeepers' bills. ' James Brown is not the name of the miner to whom I especially allnde, but for my purpose it will suit as well aa his own. It used to be said of Brown that the candle was lighted bekind the bark sheets of his hat far into the night, and that his spare time was devoted to reading. This statement was confirmed by me in a rather un expected way. On one of those gray evenings when the wind comes up ruffling the mist and carries fragments of clouds swiftly along the. sky, the beaten track I was on seemed to grow faint and grassy in the twilight, and the contour of the range disappeared in the clouds and the darkness, I was in the locality of th« old rush where were dangerous holes pitting the ground in every direction. Some of the white banks that marked the mouths had disappeared, and others peeped through the half-twilight half night hiding and flitting as I passed. There was one sign of settlement near in a gleam of candle light that came through leaves and out a small ray over grass and gravel. A strong voice replied in answer to mine, and I found myself in the hut of James Brown. On the boarded table there was an open book which I found to be Reiehenlooh ts MOdicFotee." Owen's v Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World" and several of the standard works on spiritualism—if there is such a thing as standard works on the subject —were packed upon a book-shelf near. "I have lost my way, Mr. Brown; can you direct me to Ararat ?" " I see you have," he answered smiling in a a half contemptuous way. "f oa visit me be. cause you are lost I cannot well describe the route but I will walk to the townsphip with you; the ways about here are dangerous." I made faint objection, to which he did not listen. He was soon standing waiting with his bottle lamp burning. " Come, sir," in a kind of reply; " I like walk, ing at night; I wish to purchase some articles in the town, and you do not inconvenience me." We walked in almost unbroken silence till the last bill was reached, and we could see the street lights burning dimly below us. Brown then spoke as men do who have been brooding over what they arc going to say. " I understand that >on and some others hare been engaged in investigating what is called spiritualism. May Iatkwhat has been the result?" " There has been no result" " Have you seen phenomena you cannot ex plain r "We have." He laughed in the darkness above bis lamp. w You mean that, being afraid of giving these phenomena a place in your belief, you reject them. Science doesn't agree with them, and you are afraid of being clawed with the weak-minded?" " I do not deny that there is a good deal of truth in what you say," I answered. "I am afraid of giving these phenomena a place in my belief till they are sifted and searched by abler observers than I can pretend to be. Spiritualism now claims a large number of weak-minded fanatics with whom I should most decidedly dislike to be classed. Even the latter consider*, tion is an excellent safeguard against rathneu." . " Do you then object to publish your own private, belief concerning the origin of the phe nomena yoa have witnessed ?" ; " At present, yes." • " I see. It is not fashionable yet I commend jour prudence." After a pause he held before toe a small packet of paper. " Here, sir, is an experience of mine roughly written. Tou are welcome to read it and to use the circumstances there related if it so please you. I am about leaving this district, and will call at your office for the papers in about three weeks." From what I could see of him behind the lamp I thought he gave me a courteous and solemn goodnight A fortnight thereafter James Brown lay in the hospital, his apine broken by a fall of earth. In three weeks he had indeed left the district for rest in the quiet burial ground with its trees and its silence and its shadows. I have pei used and used some of those papers since then, but the writing was so difficult to read that it required both patience and persever ance to shape them into story fotm, and to this I attribute the reason they have lain in my pos session, for some years, past, not only unheeded but forgotten. An article "Concerning Ghosts" in the Queettilandtr of June 5 not only revived my interest iu the subject but caused me to search for tlie forgotten manuscript. '' Thiokthorn" takes pne view, and James Brown, the lonely digger (as would be I think natural considering bis avo. Ration), takes the other, fur my part I offer no opinion. I have read, I think, almost everything (that has been written on the subject except some of the American trash (which strangely enough pas found favor and credence with not a few), (knd the conclusion seems to me to be more diffi cult to arrive at now than it has ever been at fcny previous stage of the discussion. On the story with which I present you I make no com ment The whole of its history, so far as I can remember, I have just related. 