M?n. PnooTorh.-Tlhoro 1s a movoenlot il GCoulburl, likely to bo sucocssfnl, to got MIr. Proltor to deliver two lectures hero. The coot will be about £160 for which guarantoos are likely to be obtained amongst our leading townsmen. AcCIDENT TO A HeOnB--Early this mornling word was brought to town that a horse had boon found dying on the railway lino laovo the Mundy-l.troot crossing, having apparently boon lknocked down by a pansing train. Tihe horme belongs to Mr. Coola ghan, but wmlhat train r nooked it down ls ilot yet tranApired. The horso was so much injured that it had to be killeod. Onows LJANoa.-At the police-oflico, Goulburn, this morning sixtoeen loto of Crown laIude, varying from 28 aRores to 16 acros, iu the parishes of Strath hirn, Wayo, Baw Bow, Narrangarrio, and Laggan, were offered for sale; but as there were no biddoers the soalo lapsod. Tr?EolnlAn A rPPor.,NTeos.-Mr. Iliohardts, who for somo time has boon an olperatorill tile tolograph ollice at tlhe railway-station, (Jolllbrll, has boon ap pointedol to takoe clnhargo of a relpating station at North Mnurrunmburrahl, and Mr. HIoagnoy, operator, Bowral, 1has boon appointed to Mr. ltichards' place in Goullurn.. Scioirasrii.--MIr. lobert Hollie, non of Mr. -H. I-ollis, chemist, Auburn-stroot, Goulburnll, who lhas for solo tille past boon aOcistanllt nmastor in tlhe GCoulburn pulblio school, hls boon appointoedl to the Orown-stroot public oclhool, Sydloy, and Mr. T. Loarkiu of Nortl G(ooulburn public school lhs boon appioiontol to tlhe Goulburn public school. A nlrolon Blonorhnly.-At a 1ate houir on Saturday nighlt 0or eaonrly on Sunlday morning 0ol0o person or ierons etereOd thie tlempeoranco-lhall, Goldsmith orEtrt 111d took away provisionol &cO.;, to tlhe value of about £9), whlich eata:blos woro the remlnainle of the meal provided for those in attondanco at ,lhe reunion helt in the hall oni Saturday ovening. The police have beoon informod of thle matter but as yet no clue can be found as to who thel thieveslo wore. COnullan or ENOLANn WONIN(oS-roEa'o ITo~cnnyn Assoc'rlON. --h connnitteo.lorting of thle abovo association was hlolt o0n l\ondaoy evoninc last, at whlichl it was finally decided to have a public excur sion to ]Broadalbano on lthe Prince of Walos' ]3irtll day (Novorbor 9lt), thle ubt.commlitto halving brought fooward ltheoir report, in which it was stated that a suitable epot hadil bcn selcetod by thlomn on which athlotic sports and otlher amuoeonolts coolld boe held, and also tlhat there vwas overiy proopoct of lthere beinlg a plontiful sOlllily of good frosh nwater on lothe ground. It was also decilded to hold an oentertinmenllt on tle sname night io the iocehllnics' institute, achl being inll aid of St. Saviour's cathlodral bulildinlg fIund. At floordinary mooting hold o i1me. diately aftorwoards improlmptu addressesoo formoed tlhe special businoso , aond a inumber of important ncub jocots were froeely discousdcc up to the time for closilng the mooting, when it was anlnounced by the clhair n1u1 that tlhe businioess for next hMonday evenilng will be a debate on the questionl Protootion versus Freeo trade. The lbonediotion ihaving baou pronounclcod, the omembers disporsed ofter oponding a very ploeasant and profitablo evoning. AnoloreA o1 TIIIo ub I EoraohI olM 1a AT ItINo GEOnooo'e SousND.--Tho P. land O. Compjoioiny'e stemnshlip Aonnan, with the maiils via Souez to the BOth July, arrived at King George's Soond at anu early hour on Saturday mnorning, fifty- two hlours, behind tithe. The Sydneoy portion of her mails will probably bo dellivered next Monday morning. EAnnIrTRATIoeN OF DOOG.--OwVoIor of dogl are re minded that rogistration must be effccted before the expiration of the prenent month. The foo in 2/i for oeach dog. Forms can be obtained at this ollice. TeAConns.-Tlho following have been appointed their appointmenunt to take offecot from the datcs on whiche those teochero soverally entored upon their duties:--Mr. Petor Wallaco, public nohool, Braid wood; Mr. Wolter Nolan, publie school, oulbu rn; Mr. George ForAyth, publia school, Gundagai; Miss Margaret Nolan, assistant, infants' departmnent, pub. lio chlool, nMudgeo; Mines Elizabeth iHyett, assistant, public school, Murrarundi; Miss Eliza Lanodowno, pupil.teaoher, girls' departnment, plublio schlool, Goul burn; Miss Janeo Eglinton, punil-.tochor, public school, QnCeanhoyan; [iss Elizaboth Woodward, pupil-toenchlor, public school, Gunning. INsoervic.-Snurrenodlers-Johnl Bright of Wagga Wagga, farmeor. Liabilitice, £201 13/, of which £15 is secunred; assncts, .C17. MIr. Lyons, oflmoal assignce.-'Wililiam Fra:oer of BIerrima jail, warder. Tiabilitiin, £122 1.1/7; assets, £6. Mr. Sanudeman, ollicial assignlec. lrsel:Ilvel: rM s nT ? on l'Polunllo Bcooro, ? . Pos?.--It halin Eoon notified that the land opeoified below has beon reserved from salo for ipublic school purposes. No. 120. County of KCing, parishl of Winduella, arca "I1 acrleos. Thile crown lands within the fellwinag boundnrien: Comnlencing at the south cant co.:erc of lportlion No. 211, S. Jones' eonditional pIulrchase of .0 acres; and honded thienco on part ofl the n:rtil by part of lthe south hnoudary of tlnt floioln learing w(ert 0 chalins e i links to the north. east corner of porltion No. 270 of 2 amroe; thoence on part of tli west bly the east boundeary of portion No. 270 aforesaid, bIlning sonth 3 chains to its seunthaieant corner; thelnco on the remainider of thl?e north ly tfle outh loundary of that portion bearing west i chains 67 lilnks to its enoth-weest corner; thenc on the remainder of the west by a line boar. lig south 21 chains i3 links; thence on lhe soutla bly a line asnt 1i chaelin 25 links ; and on the ?est lby a lineo north 24 clhains i 3 links, to thle point et com. mencemeneet. Includnes portion No. 260, shown on plan cat . P. 623.1978, nsurveyor geoneral's olico, Sydney. F.era, .hoew.Ln". Accmern.T.-A terrible accident occurred at thie Pnarramatnta statnion on Saturday afternoon. As the eongine lwhich hlad laroughlt uip thle flve o'clock trai was aibout lshnting on to the up-liieo aen elderly man nuamend William enRoan attemptcedl to crose the linel in eront of the engline. Thie driver blow his wlhistile and did all heo could to stop thle man fromn crossing, but tile latter hesitated, aned beafore le leoull cleanr thle rails hle wan kenoolcd down by thlo engine, thle whloels of wlhichl panssedl over both his loegs; one eof those wans crushed to pieces and thie other dreadfelly nmangled. lBesides theso nevereo injuries thle unfortunato man was vory nechl bruisedl anbout thle headnd scitaiend eundry bruises of a minor charactor, He was tlaree to theo hospilal, unt froem thle extent of his injureiee hle elied on Sunday morning at throo o'clock. The driver of the engino, when hoe saw the dlangerous paositine of thle unfortunate man, did all in his power to averI tlhe threate(ed accideont by rocvorelsing his miginhn, iet only aueeccndeld in stolpping it wvithil a length after Rloso hlad been run over. No blanue in thle maItter in icn any way attributed to him.--Echo. S?eouen )?eDacr.-- Quaeonboyanu, Mlonlday. -An taged nman named Andrew Villiors, a stone-brcealhr emplloyed by eir. John Dooenu thei road contractor, while at dinner in his toet with other labourera yesterday, got chokeld thlroueghl someno meat ticlteing in his throat.-- Telegram to Evecning Noewn. Ineeeuewoone.-Mencdnay.- On Suenday afternoon a lad named lolphleon Sttchebury found in a hlollow log near the creolr in Beodeorvalo padldook two loaded revolvers. They wore very rusty, and were evi. dently felt thlere in the old beshlranging lnays. Con. stable Crowley has carefully searcelhed thle spot, and can fined notlhing elso.--Tho Bishop iof Golburn preaohedl yeCt.erday, ernescing anld eorsineg, in St. Audrow's chlurchl to largo eongregatioes, nnd in tlhe afternoon admuinisteredl thie rite of confirmation to upnwards of sixty candidates. At a meeting on Satulrday a oomnitoo was tormoiedl to raise enubscrip tions for building a now chlnrchl, and pick out e more eligible site. His lordship has gone to hMajor's Crookl to hold confirmation, and will stay at Exoter T'arm this veoning, proceeding to Araluen to-inor. row, and thonooe to Mtoraya,--0n Friday night a boy naelld Gilm, working in a claiTn at Arallon, woR ]:icked in lhe head by one of the heres. TIwo very seovero wounds were inlicted; but under tho able trantiment of Dr. Llowellyn, the boy, although still suffiering from tilhe sho c to the sytCmI, is progresso ing favourably. -Telegram to Sydnoy Daily Tale.o graph. Ar,nuon 'lrIrs.-Allbury, Mfonday.--Mr. ThIomaI lore of Onumberoona, a very old resident of tihe distriot, nwans thrown from his horse on Saturday and sustained ar fracturo of the skull. iHe died yesn trdayu , ndl hir, funeral took plaeo to-day, and was largely atteoded.--A large quantity of valuable stud. rlamr pOrehaised at the latb sales in lfelbourno crossed the Muroray today for the various fiverina statinous.--Telegram to Evening News. VIOconIzAr CIvIc SEVANToH.- Tie gorernument departrnents which are likely to escape with no fur ther ehangos than the pro rata reduction in nalarioe are tlm postotlico tihe public works offico, tihe law oficos, :Lntl thie railway. In thio ldeipartmonto thoro are aimd to ibe no ilargeo opportunities for makingi dismtissals. The lboiflicos uinder tihe chief sCo0rO tary and treasurer are being subjected to a close ocrutiny. Captain Standish haa not yet received notice that li is askedi to retiro upion hiin nperannun tion allowavnce, ult ihe will do so dulring thie week, as will also Mr. Fcrres, tile goverunment printer, aiid jMr. Duncan, inipoetor of penal establishmonts. Tihe ago at which a policen oflicoer can be suporannuated is fifty-fivo, or five years uearlier than an offieer in the lother divieioms, and it is by virtnue of this provision that Captain Standiis's services are to be dispensed withl. As Captitain Standish retiroes it is proballo thant tihe inqniry talked of into the managemonout of tlhe police in connection with the Keloily ontireakt will not takeo pilace. Any ro-organi. cation the force requireo v will ie effected at the in stance of the chieif neoreotary, and before he proceeds Ito iunako a perinllOllet appllointmlent to tihe post of clief comnmiseionor, which Mr. Nicoloon will now be callid upon to fill.--MIlbourno Argun. Ton Waooux Siow.-Wagga Wggga, Tuonday.- The IGth pastoral sliow of the Murrunmbidgeo district promnise to excol in point of exhibito any previous hiow yet hold. The jludging takes place to-day, and to.nmorrow morning tlhe grounds will be thlrown open to the public. Arabs uro few in number. Tihe blood Ilorses form a great feature, and are about the best lot for quality to ie seen out of Sydney. Time short homr cattle are good, epooeially some of tihe cows. Tho Herefords and De)vono have not shown up in great numbors, and are a moderate lot. The bshow of morino shnoop in excellont, and one could not see a better quality lot. They are good oven-flooed shoop, donso-woolled and fine texturo, good loenigth of staple, and long.woollod. The ponn contain a choice lot of fat lock. There ois a good pair of harnos: lorsoO and a iuggy, also good well-matched pony iuiri. The show of draughlt hlorses is meagre, but they are of goid quility, showing great bone and oizo.--lain fell oni Monday within a radius of twenty miloan, giving the graziors cheeorful prospects, andtho wholo country roundl bears a verdant appearance. Teologram to Evening News. BonnowA.-Monday.--At a mooting of olectors this ovening it was unanimously resolved that MIr. T. M. Slattery is a fit and proper person to repro sent the olectorato of Burrows. It was agreed that a requisition ethould be presented to him. Ml[r. lattoery was the first coandidato announcod for the elootorato, and thie greatest enthlusiasm prevails onl hii uohalf.--l)aily Telegraph. Coor·Fua Nunuha.-Monday.- The railway depart. mnout have put a oatolp to goods boingu carried to Junoo at Wagga rates. All goods for Tomora are now con signed to Cootamundra. . . Schliechomr, govern ioent surveyor, has laid out thie now road from here to Toiimora. The distance is thirty mileso, and it is lmnost etraight. It is approved of by Mr. Twy niam. An immeodiate expenditure of £1000 would maie it a firsot-class road. It is seoven miles nearer tlhan the road at present useod.-Tolcgram to Echo. Alar. uo ond.-Monday.-Tho Poroevoraiice (MIesrs. T. U. Alloy and Co.) will start washing inext woaok. Great liblic interest is takoen in the claim, as thoro is a covered t.ail-raco 1400 yards long being com plioted to the wmshdirt vain at a cost of only .£760, wlmereas the other races brought up have cooat some thlousands of pounds for tihe snamn oxtont..-Tologram to S. M. Ilorald. Thie prospootus of a co-operative broad and flour store for Molbourne has hoon published. Broad there in betwoon Gd. and 6d. per loaf, with wheat at 41/- per busheol and flour at £8 15/- per ton. It is eltated on good authority that largeo sums of money haveo arrived in South Australia by the Bangaloro for inventment in that colony. It is stated on giobod authority that some of the members of the Borry ministry divide their salaries with certain other peorsons. At Kilmoro railway-station, Victoria, an apparition resomliling an orthodox ghost appoared on several ocaonuins, ind has boon fired at oeveral times with. out effect. Thie question of maling the attorney.general a permanent officer is being discussed in MeIolbourne. It is stated that Dotootivo Acton of Oooktown in on the tracl of the gold-box robbers. At preseont the robbors are ohiolded by circuimstanco. The ministuor for publio instruction lhas dirocted that in all public, donomnintionidl, and provisional schools where fuel is required, thoe same may be supplind durilug the winter months. The IMelbourno Ageo understands that arrange monts have boon made for the first publio perforirm ance of thie Austrian hand, now on its way to Mol bourno, to taklo place at the Ftlemiington racecourse eon Satnrday afternoon, Octobor huh. The wool crop of this colony last year was worth over six millions storling, while that of Victoria was only three miillions. A tologrnam from Tontorfiold states that the drought ihas broliin up, and thoero was a splendid fall of rain on Friday niighit with Overiy appearance of more. Torrifin haIilstones fell in the vicinity of the town on Thursday. Thie hailsutonoe woro of snornmous size. No norious damago was done. It rineod steadily oni Friday night for two hours at Armidaloe, but tlere is no appoearance of moro rain this morning. News was brought into Waggo Wagga oni Sunday, which states that anotloher rich find haso turned up at Termora, some 100 on-. or 0so in nuggolts hlaving boon found in the claim known as the hrenclhmau's, or the one next to it. 1Of the Australian ctolonioe proper Tasmauii u was the first to imponse a property-tax, and it workts well. Taonansia is the only colony in the Aoustralasia group not tronbled with a deficit. At the end ofi tlhe present year the treasurer anticipates a surplus oi .1£5(00, whilstt at tihe close of 18860 tlhe baliice is estinated at £14,000. IMProunDED AT nAnDeONa, Oi 31s1t Aullgust, from Adelong Station:--Brown homoe, lilm JA near shouder. To be nold on 23rd Septomber. fIrnouNnen AT BIACONio, oni 2nd Seoptember, from Bushranger's Crook; sumn due at date of notice, 12/0:--Criiamy horoe, atar, blaok points, A near shoulder, W slauting near rump, oollar-marlod, three shoes oi, aged, 15O hands. To be sold on 2ihrvl September. I.?,rouNDEDn ArT ]BuRmo-A, on 3rd Sepotmbero from Killanonr; mum due, 15/C6 each :--Brown or black mara, blotclhed brand near shoulder, likte I near neck, star, stripe, and snip, near hind foot white; brown or hlack colt, Ei over jN or JN near shoul. dor, JN or IN off shoulder, star, near hiund foot white ; bay filly, MK. near shoulder; Cheostnut filly, M K nrear lomulder, star, hintd logs white, silver mane and tail. To be sold 23rd September. IarvOnn.nrn AT Moss VArtm, on 2nd September, from Mount Broughlou; suim due at date of notice, 18/ :-Brown horse, star in forehead, long tail, MhP on near rump, same on near shloulder but blotohcd, aged, about 15 hIands. To be sold on 23rd Sop. tombher. .rronuu.nn AT No)ren YAoo, on l0th AugOlst, from KeIndleworth; suim duo 16/0: -Black maro, star, naddle-marked, off fore foot white, blind near eye, 4 or P near shoulder. To be old 23Drd 8ptem-. baer. . Goon AuvIocE.-Now is thile timeo of thie year for pnoumonia, lungfeoveur, &c.; Every family should have . bottle of Bobchec's Corman Syrup. Don't allow for one moment that cough to take hold of your child, your fsmily, or yourself. Oonsumption, astlnua, pneumonia, croup, homorrhages, and other fatal diseases may eet in. Although it is true G?ermllan Syrup is curing thoumsands of those dreaded diseases, yet it is mueh better to have it at hand when throee doses will more you. One hottlh will last your whole family a winter and Imoop you safe from danger. If youll are consumptivo, do not rest till you have tried this remedy. Sample bottlon Cd., regular size for f/ti. Sold by your druggist; whole. sale by Elliott BTro., Sydney.-Anwvr. 2187 