A SCENE. — ? » We have much pleasure in presenting our readers with a Scene from the new and unpublished Tragedy VERUS REDIVIVUS: aeaicatea, without permission, to the Amateur Tragedians of West Australia. ? Act 2. — Scene I. The youthful Jupiter Australia seated on his Throne on Mount Eliza, veiled in clouds of Nicotian incense. Chorus of attendant Spirits from the clouds. €horegus.P.D. Jove in bis chair Of the Press Lord Mayor With his nods Men and Gods Keeps in awe. Jupiter in approbation rises — shakes his ambrosial curls and comes forward. Enter M(urderer)L.C. Jupiter. There's ink upon thy face, M.L.C. 'Tis Verus' then, Jupiter. 'Tis better on thy face than in his Is he despatched [pes- M.L.C. Great Jove, his throat is cut ; that I did for him Jupiter. Thou art the best of cut-throats. Exit M.L.C. Verus is dead, After life's fitful fever he sleeps well, Printing has done its worst, uor ink nor paper, Misrepresentation, nothing, can touch him further. The Ghost of Verus rises aud siis in Jupiter's place. Thou cau'st not say I did it, Nay never shake Thy inky hand at me. If thou cau'st point, write too. If charnei houses, and our graves must sec« I'lvise that we bury, back, our monuments Shall be tbe niaive of kites. Ghost disappears. The times have been That when the brains were out the man . would die ' And then an end ; but now, they rise again With twenty mortal notes upon their crowns And push us from «ur stools. This ib more 6tra.n^e Thau such a murder is O'knst rises. Armed with paper, pen, and ink, and a copy Avaunt and quit my sight. Let the earth hide thee, Thy pen is splintered, and thy ink is dry. There is no refutation to that page That thou dost glare on. Hence horrible shadow. Ghost disappears. Unreal, mockery, hence — so being gone I am myself aj^aiu — my strange and self abuse Is the initiate thought that wants hard use, We are yet but young in deed. Exeunt in fu two. We are authorised to say that the complete Tragedy will be presented to the Dramatic Company, who, by enacting one of the inferior tragedies of William Shakespeare, shall have evinced sufficient capxeity for comprehending the Higher Art of tie 10th Century. Mr. A. C. Onslow, who has accepted the appointment of Attorney General of this colony, will i-ri-!«i!»1jr arris ? * A hnv ?luring til.- fn-Kt w...-k in Xt.v.'inl-.T 