.HANGED, BUT ALIVE ! The New York Sunday Mercury tells ithefol- lowing extraordinary story : — ' ffn a grove of ancient apple trees, on tlie west- «ern slope of Burgen Hill, near West Side Avenue, ah Hew Jersey, is a favourite camping ground of ithe gipsies. Tour district bands have located there thus far this season. Into one of these .camps ithe writer dropped a few days since, when .convinced that 110 harm was intended by a wisit, the patriarch descended from his -van, and After .a Bober "good evening," entered into a fquiet and interesting conversation. Detecting a familiar peculiarity in the old Itommany's patois, ithe scribe said, " Excubp my inquisitiveness. but .aren't you a native of the North of England or .-south of Scotland ?" He smiled, and said, in .a calm, repressed way, " Yes, I am. I was born :in Tinkler's- row, in Kirk-Yelholm ; have you ever ibeen there.?" The answer was in the affirma tive. Did you ever hear of the Allans he asked. iNow, this was an .unpleasant question.. The re- sorter had heard of the Allans. He had heard that .the last of -that pugnacious and quarrelsome clan had been tried for -the murder of Earl iGrey'ls gamekeeper' -convicted, and hanged more ;than40 years since. " The Allans were before your timel daresay " the ancient gipsy continued. "There are none of them in Great Britian now. I was the last of them, and I made a good deal <of noise in the world about the time you would ibe aboy." _ It was ticklish ground to venture upon, -but ithe curiosity of- the scribe impelled him to ask for particular. Not at all unwilling, the old man told in substance the following remarkable .-story, the main facts of which are .capable of verification. Forty years since Bill Allan was a gipsy in the ;prime of life. He was a horse-dealer, combining ;horse-swapping with the nocturnal recreations .of poaching game and limeing the trout streams ' in the north of England. He was married to a daughter of Jean Young, the Gipsy .Queen of "Yetholm, who still shares, his van. She is said to ihave been a sort of smoked Venus, in her youth but now is a grim-.visaged, .dark-complexioned Sybil, with a harsh voice and unpleasant scowl. Earl Grey possessed a peculiar breed of phea sants wilh white wings and bodies, and brown necks and tails. -They were handsome and very fame. At night they roosted on the lower branches of- the pine trees, like domestic fowls. Hence the woods were watched every night by >the keepers. .John Loyd was the head game- jkeeper. ;Oh the night of November 26th, 1842, Allan :and his friend Baillie got into an ambuscade" .headed by Captain Frederick Grey. Both gipsies were Beet of foot, and when they saw that -they were surrounded by a cordon of keepers, they fled in different directions, Baillie flying towards ;the sea, two miles off, and Allan westward, pur sued b\'JiOd, who was also a fleet runner. " Un fortunately a briar tripped up the flying gipsy Snd before be could regain his feet, the head .keeper was upon him yelling, " Surrender ! Stir- rendert"' The prostrate gipsy drew his long bladed knife, and plunged it into thekeeper's breast. The eager blade pierced the heart., and the man .fell .dead. The.gipsy -realised that he had .committed .murder, and felt -that -nothing but the most superhuman effort could save him from the gallows. Alnwick was about seven miles distant. He started for that town in a bee -line .like a bunted deer. He swam two streams in bis terrible run. He climbed the 12-foot .park wall of the Duke of Northumberland. He ran as if the devil was driving him. He reached the hostlery of a well-known sporting man named ..Craven, .of Hefferlaw Hank, entered the bar-room, and .calmly inquired, "What o'clock is it.?" The landlord was famous for his accu racy of his time. He answered " Twenty inin- ,-utes past il." The gipsy called for a pint .of ,ale, drank it, and walked leisurely the remaining three-quarters of a mile into Alnwick. Here he .entered the Nag's Head bar-room, and inquired \- -tbe-time.-. -It wanted 20 minutes to 12, and Dunn -(tbe-landlord was beginning to close his place. -Captain Grey had obtained a glimpse of the .poacher's face and form in the moonlight. He had also looked at. his watch when he had found . the murdered keeper. It had lacked 15 minutefr .to 11 o'clock. Next day the police were set to work, and a general hue and cry was raised in .the neighbourhood. Captain Grey was certain the poachers were gipsies. It was well known ' -.that on the day preceding the murder, a gipsy camp had been erected on Ratchengh Grag. Suspicion at once rested on Bill Allan. His .character and prowess were werll known. He was .known to unite the cunning of the Indian with -the strength of a trained athlete. He was .arrested in the .Gannongate, Alnwick, on the fol lowing Monday morning. He engaged an attorney ;by the_name of Bushy, and at once set to work ;to prove an alibi. Mine host swore to the time when the gipsy entered his house on the night of the murder. Captain Grey's time corresponded with Craven's. It seemed as if the alibi were es tablished. No man it was argued could have run six and a quarter miles across a rough fox- .hunting country in 32 minutes. Finally one of the detectives, in the soft plastic mud, on the ..edge .of the river Aln, discovered a remarkably .clear imprint of a hobnailed shoe. The nails \- .were arranged in a peculiar pattern, and there were four of them missing. The shoe worn by the prisoner" fitted exactly into the mud print. The four nails were missing. The identity was .indisputable. "The trial of Bill Allan commenced on Tues day, March 10, 1846. He was ably defended by Thomas G. Grainger, Q.C., hut was found guilty :by the jury, and condemned to be hung on Fri- .day, May 15 next ensuing. The prisoner refused all offers of spiritual consolation. Tho morning of his last daj on earth dawned through a dense mist and a drenching rain. The condemned gipsy ate six hard boiled eggs and a beefsteak. Tho front of the gaol presented a vast expanse ,of dripping umbrellas. Calcraft was the exe cutioner. When he went into the cell to adjust -:the noose the gipsy told his fortune. He pre dicted a horrible fate for the hangman. The yaticln&tioh; made Calcraft nervous, and the op- .probitiouB task was bunglingly performed. The .culprit marched to the drop with unfaltering steds. , Calcraft fumbled with the rope. The drop fell. The criminal dropped, four four feet immediately raised his left shoulder, and swung to and fro limp and motionless. In three or four -minutes tho doctor felt the pulse. It was jnotionless. In sixty minutes the borty was cut .down and placed in a coffin, and in the afternoon the coffin was placed in a grave within the pre cincts of the prison. So far as the British public were concerned that was the last scene in the career of Bill Allan ; allhough in 1849 or 1850 the Northern Daily Express printed a paragraph in which it was alleged that the body of the gipsy had been 6tolen from its last resting-place. The warden of the gaol indignantly denied this allegation, and there, until this day, the matter has been suffered to rest. Allan was placed in his coffin and buried. He bad tried to put up a job on Calcraft, because he had heard the sur geon talk in the goal to a professor of anatomy from Edinburgh University about the disposal of his body when he should " be hanged by the neck till he was dead." He was wanted as a bleached skeleton for the mimeum of the college of Surgeone, and £200 sterling was agreed upon. The disinterment was to take place on Saturday following the execution. He caine to conscious ness in liis coffin. He experienced a. feeling of uncontrollable thirst. He did not seem to lack air ; but he was filled with a raging thirst. He tried to turn on his side, and, succeeding, in that position bit his left arm and chewd some of the flesh and blood to satisfy the terrible craving. After that lie went to sleep and had no idea of time. When h.erecovered consciousness he felt .as if "a million of hornets and yellow tailed wasps" were perforating his skin. He had been resurrected by the doctors, and the pain pro- .cebded from the action of tho atmosphere. "By fjpfytna !" he heard the doctor cry, " he's alive j Hero's a job !" -" Cut those infernal bonds ?" said the gipsy, and you'll see that I'm not going to be made a skeleton of just yet awhile." That instinctivefirreprersible dread with wliich even medically-trained human nature contein-. plates a revived corpse asserted itself. It was not until the reanimated Lazarus sat up in his 'Coffin and spoke again, that those men habituated to the horrors of dissecting rooms, could act. Then lie was released, and as the surgeons had been engaged in an unlawful act, thej- permitted the gipsy to walk forth from the precincts of the gaol, garbed in the warden's raiment, a free man. - . Two days afterwards lie walked into bis wife's house in Tinkler's Row, in Kirk-Yetholin. Bess 'thought lie was a ghost,, and at once attacked liiin with an iron poker. Convinced that he was ; living flesh and blood, tliey enjoyed a gipsy honeymoon. Money was raised in the gipsy capital. Bill Allan's resurrection was guarded as a secret, and his wife and: himself sailed from Glasgow to America, in June, 1846, in a schooner, Spending seven weeks on the passage to Baltimore, To-day Bill Allan is a grey-haired patriarch of mild manners and a serious mein. He is un doubtedly well-provided with the world's goods, and as lie said to the reporter at parting.: " I liave only one wish, and that to see Yetholin again once before I die, but I never shall." 