[?] I don't suppose my words have stretched To Allahabad or Turkestan, Or that lny brightest wit has fetched A Hottentot or Chinaman ; Yet somewhat widely have I spread Throughout this broad, fair Austral land, And wheresoe'er my words were read I've grasped a new friend by the hand: For genial ever is my smile, And steadfast has my purpose been To laugh down faction, fraud, and guile, And deck the oldest tree with green ; To meddle all around the world, And from the deepest pools to bring, In fair-capped billows, lightly curled, Tlie mirth that lives in everything. Now ?while the poor old dying year Melts down in fierce while summer heat, Let's each to each wish hearty cheer, With Christmas quips and quibbles meet ; And, gazing out o'er Bca-fields wide, On all abroad breathe peace, good-will ; Free hands stretched forth on every side— The Day's dear dues to all fulfil. Heigho ! sermonizing ! I crave your pardon, friends Preaching comes ever with a bad face from 'ueath the cap and bells. Folks will laugh. The bells can not jangle church music, -and the wand will not be transformed to a bishop's crozier. To our budget, and first take therefrom the pageantry of an Opening Day. Would you have another rhyme ? Trooping down Mac-juanc-strcet, In the summer's morning. Many a thousand hurrying feet, Dust and sunlight 6corning. Black coats dotted here and there, White skirts glint between them ; Rippling smiles on faces fair, Not a leaf to screen them. All in haste to see the show, All agog with wonder; Eager till the fort below Peals its welcome thunder. There— bang ! Did you hear it 1 The first loud roar I How it echoes again from the high North Shore ! And sabres are gleaming where troopers arc prancing, And hark to the roll of the chariots advancing ! While bang upon bang follows crash upon crash, And the folks are all jammed in a horrible smash ! All strggling and crushing, and packing and squeezing, And crying and groaning, and coughing and wheezing, So eager to gain but a glimpse of his tace, Or his state-coat begilded with bright gold lace,— 'Tis our Governor's face as he goes on his way, In chariot of state, on the Opening Day. And through the gateway entering, He passes to the throne, Where pomp and pride concentring Make majesty his own. And bold Sir Henry there is seen, First of the statesmen's ring ; And if 'twere not for his vesture mean You'd take him for the king. And when in fitting time is read The message from the throne, A brighter light is round him shed He knows the words his own. But soon 'tis done — the gracious words are uttered, Full of fair hopes of prosperous days to be ; Far in the rear 6ome few faint growls are muttered By malcontents who moan eternally. Of course we're sated with delight, And filled with admiration ; Yet, strange to say, some rave away In bitter execration. So fades the paeeant from our view, High pomp and folly blended ; His Grace puts off the gay gold lace, And thanks the gods 'tis ended. That is, the beginning of it is ended, for of course you are aware that my rhyme had for its reason the opening of our Parliament. And you have all read that speech from the throne. It sounds pleasantly, eh? Two hundred miles of new railway, further municipal endowments and enactments that will form all the roads and bridge all the rivers, amended laws, civii and criminal, and speedy reform of many long-standing abuses. Quite enough promised — more certainly than will be performed ; and yet (there is amusement if not instruction in the retrospect) do you remember another speech — not from the throne, but from the platform of the Masonic Hall, and to a meeting of wavering electors ? Can you recall the vivid scenes then conjured up and displayed to our wondering gaze? The dreary old Garden Palace seemed to blossom anew — to change to a mystery of wonder and delight, mirth and wisdom : all the angels, nymphs, and graces, arts and sciences ; trees and flowers and fountains ; grot toes, with bubbling water ; and long, long galleries of gleaming statuary and gorgeous canvas, hanging gardens of Babylon, terraces of Versailles, and vestas of the Kaisergarten, blent and mingled ! And do you remember that bridge to North Shore ? It grew before us as we gazed. And how the rail ways seemed to flash from the city's heart to its farthest suburbs, and the great trunk lines to go out and about to the far sides of the continent. How it changes — couleur de rose then ; hard-lined black and white now. Yet if all that is traced in black and white upon the Governor's speech be speedily realized, we shall be content. Amongst the bright things of the season are the new Christmas cards with the beautifully executed paintings of our fairest Australian flowers. It was a. bright and commendable idea to bring before us in the festal time. The children have not yet learned to love — hardly to name— those beauties fragile, fair, and pure. But upon children's cards, as in children's tales, we must shake ourselves free of those dear, long, learned names. Can you imagine Tot saving to Daisy, 'Let us go down the gully, and gather Borronia puinata - or Epacri6 longiflorar' Rather absurd, I think. Let the doctors keep their fine names. We know waratahs and heaths and bluebells, and rock lilies and bottle brush and Christmas roses. But Epacris, Edmotus, and the rest, Daisy or Tot would rather stay at home than seek for such ugly things in the bush. There should be a law that no flower of the forest should have a name of more than three syllables. And one other growl about this very pleasant subject. Can we not find words of Australian growth to point the moral of Australian flowers? It seems to me un natural that Shakspeare should be searched for a couplet to express the sentiment of the wild red waratah ! 'Tis foolish to give children too great a stock of ponderous words. I remember a youth of 12 who persecuted a manual of chemistry with so much suc cess that at breakfast he asked for the chloride of sodium, aiid imagined it sounded infinitely better than salt. Under the Mistletoe : Will they Embrace ? One man I know will have a good Christmas. He dwelt at Gympie. He was a ' hatter ;' but I wouldn't like to wager a ton of gold that he is a ' hatter' now, beeause a many tilings happen when — but hear the story. His name was William Hall ; his sobriquet, 'Bristol Bill.' For many 3'ears he had ham mered out a living by fossicking. A week or two ago he hammered out a fortune by the same process. He spied the cap of a reef among the scrub, and carelessly knocked it off, then went down for his hammer and pick, and in a month or two picked out 34 tons of stone, took them down to the mill, and crushed them. Net result, 1400 ounces ; profit, £5000. What will Bristol Bill do with it ? Somebody should take him in hand and marry him. For 12 long weary years they had lived as cat and dog ; they had scowled at each other on the streets ; had taken opposite ends at lunch-time in the public bar. But when all the world hung in suspense pend ing the Trickett-Hanlan contest, a bond of sympathy united them, and a mutual friend sought to bind them fast. He manipulated a telegram; he left Trickett alone supreme, as we know he ought to have been ; and he gave that telegram to No. 1, while No. 2 stood in the distance scowling ; but when the light of gladness broke upon the countenance of No. 1, No. 2 could abide it no longer. He crossed over, and they both saw, and but for their Anglo-Saxon reticence I think they would have embraced. The gathered up malice of 12 years was for gotten. They wrung each other's hand, and danced upon the floor of the pub. But an hour later they met in the centre of an unwatered street, and — but the dust was merciful, and drew a veil. I know they meet as strangers now, and are only bound by a common desire towards the good soul who would have seen them reconciled. Another Christmas cup will be filled and crowned ; that of Jwhn O'Connell Bligh, sometime gold-fields warden of Gympie, Queensland ; now — we express his present estate by the symbol of infinity. He died in the last month of this old year. It is well that we should remember him. A good man, charitable and just ; grandson of our old Governor, Captain Bliyh — Bounty Bligh as we remember him best. 'Twixt Love akd Fear. Here is a thing to find in the columns of a news paper at a time when every man should be ready to share the last damper or to quarter a single raisin, that all the camp might keep the feast. This is it : — ' If Florence C. will send a stamp to Ada G., she will lft her know how dear H. is getting on.' Wouldn't you rather meet a ghost upon a plain at midnight than fall upon such a record as that ? Imagine the eager desire of poor Florence C. for news of ' dear H.' Imagine Ada G. in possession of all that news, and holding it in tight, remorseless grip till paid her price-'Oi a penny postage stamp ! Do you expect a merry Christmas, Ada G. ? Not to know something of cricket in these days of Australia's success, almost amounts to a crime, there fore I must furbish, up my memory concerning slips, drives, draws, and bailers I remember that twelve years ago I 'did' the sporting for a metropolitan ournal. The subject being cricket, and the practice for an intercolonial match the principal topic, I wrote ' in cricket it would be well if the words ? ball please ' were never heard on the practice grounds.' It is not improbable that this delicate hint had some effect ; at least, it must be conceded that our cricketers no w kno w that when at practice it is well to do something more than bat, smoke, lounge, and yarn. They field. Dis cussing the success of our boys in Britain recently, an English authority says : — ' I saw the first four days' practice of the Australians before they appeared in public. They had one wicket only up and a net, and the captain stood behind the net. Each man batted for a quarter of an hour, they all bowled in turn, the rest were in the field working as hard as men ever did in ' Gentlemen or Players,' and not only did they try their utmest at fielding and catching, but as they picked up the ball they threw at the wicket as if the men were running.' It is in this way that success is achieved, and although it may be considered meddlesome on |my part, I suggest that practice, such as the Englishmen . admired, should be persevered with. In cricket, true 'play' really means work. How the trumpets blare, the drums beat, and the banners wave when a slayer of his kind goes out to fight — when Eaizer, Emperor, or Czar lifts the eagles and goes down to conquer and destroy ! Yet a greater man goes down to a mightier battle than soldier ever fought, and not one solitary trumpet preludes his ad vance. Stretch out your mind and grasp the results of this latest essay of Baron Lesseps. Years ago he pierced the barrier on our eastern road ; now he sails to the same great purpose in the west. Keats drew U6 a great picture of ? ' Pizarro, witn all his men, Silent upon a peak of Darien.' A mightier vision opens before us now, as we imagine the figure of the great engineer gazing eastward and westward from the same high peak, and from all the seas the white wings of commerce gathering, waiting for his toil. Surely we become greater by virtue of brotherhood with such men as this ! His labour elevates the status of the human race. The potential energy following ' The one strong pulse of his great human heart' shall accomplish more in a few brief years than the great blind forces of nature through all the aeons that have passed before. The biggest picnic of the year will be upon the banks of the Darling, when the exodus from Cobar is fully accomplished. A city moving ! It leaves the procession of Birnain Wood far in the background of Wonderland. And the time cannot be long delayed. Cobar is now dependent on a tank generously opened by a neighbouring squatter. And summer rains in Cobar are things the oldest blackfellow remembers with caution. The tail-end of a Darling storm may reach them occasionally ; but aDarling storm in the fulness of its strength does not contain more than 6even splashes of rain ; wind and dust make up the rest. Poor folks of Cobar ! ' The world is all before you where to choose your place of rest;' but I think Bourke is the safest place for water, and you can hardly expect the Bourke people to come out and compel you to come in. You treated them badly in that election business, and Olliffe still thinks he is hardly used ' The drougit is a judg ment,' he says ; ' but it might have happened a month earlier.' Barton says he will change the course of the Darling, and make Cobar a permanent oasis in the wilderness, or rather that he 'will change the whole face of the wilderness with countless running streams. I believe something of the sort might be attempted. When the Nepean water has put down the Sydney dust there may be time to think about it. Vacation: Practical Applications of the Half Year's Culture. I am no longer surprised concerning the extraor dinary shrinkage of ordinary beer-glasses. There was a time when a glass of beer afforded an opportunity of at least probably slaking one's thirst; but the por tion served at ordinary bars now partakes more of the character of a sample. The licensed victuallers are not to blame, although we all thought so. The true reason is bunged up in the brewer's cask. These men of hops and malt have been trimming to some slight extent. Their hogs heads hold only 62£ gallons, their barrels only 35, and their something elses only 17 gallons. What does the old song say about doing something to the man's eyes who robs the poor man of his beer ? The Melbourne Cup is undoubtedly one of Vic toria's greatest institutions. It brings all classes together. Mark what Mr. B.. C. Bagot, the secretary of the Victorian Racing Club, says of it. In his evi dence before the select committee appointed to inquire into the working of the totalisator I find the follow ing passages : — ' I am of opinion very strongly that the totalisator will be the means of annihilating the biggest lot of rogues there are in the world— that is, the mushroom bookmakers, who numbered over 700 upon the hill of the Melbourne racecourse last Cup Day. — Did you hear of any cases of defaulters upon the hill ? Yes ; any number of the lowest class of thieves, who come down to the stand reserve when they get the money of the people on the hill. They came below to try their hand, and paid their 8s. The change ticket is 8s. Having paid 2s., the change ticket is 8s.' Mr. Bagot thinks that at least 200 totalisators will be required to meet the speculative spirit on the Cup Day. Their introduction will be the signal for a large number of the gentlemen now metallicians to take to work a little more arduous. Lots of things beside the dust that is with us, and the drouth that will be, tend to drag out a man's thoughts in a good deep honest growl. How many times did the Syd?iey Grammar School bring Sir Hercules Robinson out, with its dens for halls and patch of Sahara for a playground ? Yet we are slightly hurt when Lord Loftus finds occasion to follow 'in the same strain ; and it is a matter of shame, that a school built for one hundred boys should be compelled to educate five times that number. At whose door is the blame ? Let somebody take it up and amend it before next commemoration day. When the Conference on the Chinese question meets for positive business, there are two Chinamen in Australia who should be heard in evidence, ihey are, Coto (Ah Coto if you choose, I forget his proper name, but every one knows Coto), of Sale, Gippsland, Victoria ; and John Hake, of Wentworth, New South Wales. Coto is a farmer, and Hake a merchant. Coto is one of the best farmers and the most liberal employers of agricultural labour in Victoria. Hake is a successful trader, an old river captain. Ask a bushman of him and he will answer, ' He is a ? good sort.' You may object to the adjective, but it is the only English word that will rightly express that bushman' s meaning. I consider those two Chinamen in their own proper persons answer all the calumnies that have been poured upon their race. But the depth of the matter is hidden. Coto and John Hake have become so strongly acclimatized that they regard their once-beloved countrymen with something akin to aversion. Experience has strangely taught them. Coto sees them go at an amble past his wheat field, and never cries, 'Halt !' Shakes his head rather, and reflects eapiently, 'No good, no good! Too muchee fool 'em, too muchee waste 'em. Catch 'em Hish, wellee good.' And John Hake, hearing the clatter and „ jabber of bis mother tongue beneath the verandah, comes out in wrath and scorn. ' What for that long tailed yabber here r You no speakee English, you clear out. What good you? One axe— one year. One big tree, all about (five feet girth he indicates by the motion of his arms) one day. One bottle lum one month. Yah!' And he goes into the counting-house, and proposes a bottle of Alsop, which the clerk (white) of course -declines. Lottie to Budge : Ain't Santa Claus awfully like our Pa ? What a mistake it was to suppose that when Hanlan had pulled Trickett all the row would be over ! We know now that Hanlan must try conclusions with Laycock, and if the settling is on his own side, it is exceedingly probable that there will be somebody else. In fact, there are about ten thousand cornstalks trained in all manner of crafts, from outriggers on the Parra matta to ' dug- outs ' upon the Darling, each and all ready to go home and do or die for the honour of their native land. Hanlan never made such a mistake as to suppose that under any possible circumstances he will be allowed to go home rejoicing. The laurels of the cricket-field and the river are coming to Australia. Upon that we are determined. But ? when shall we crown a Longfellow or a Tennyson, a Flaxman or a Michael Angelo, a Stephenson or an Edison? The coming centuries must answer that. Christmas in prison, with the dread rope dangling through one's dreams, is not the most enjoyable way of passing through what is ordinarily a festive season, and I shudder as I reflect that this would have been the fate of the editor of one of our most popular journals, if a humane hand had not come between him and his intended victim. She was a fair fragile young creature, of between 15 and 50 Bummers, but she was the seventy seventh who had reached the sanctum with a roll of manuscript bearing for the title 'How I spent Christ mas at ? .' There's a dint in the office wall, an impression of a paper weight, in which a mince pie could snugly rest better there than in the cranium of the author of ?? How Christmas ? .' Really, Sir Henry, those remarks of yours made re centlyat Orange have made the positionof old bachelors in the colony rather critical. You lead your hearers, and for that matter your readers, to believe that mar riage is most fashionable in this colony, and quoted figures to 6how that Hymen was more busily em ployed here than elsewhere. I shudder, sir, when I contemplate the results which are probable when this speech of yours is scattered broadcast, I assume it will be printed in all the journals of the world. The speeches of great men usually are. We shall have a shower of maiden ladies, sir. India as a matrimonial market will pale to insignificance before the superior attractions of New South Wales. You sir, I say it with due respect for your perspicuity, should have anticipated this. We have still a few ladies unmarried ; the stock, sir, is not quite exhausted. You jeopardize the chances of those who remain. A few evenings back, when dis coursing of church decorations and other important matters with Miss L., her little niece brought your speech prominently into notice. Pointing to the statistics, she earnestly inquired, ' Then how, is it, Aunt Jane, that you don't marry r' I did not wait for the explanation. The position was painful, and my departure was rather hasty. And now at the foot of our last column 'tis meet that we proffer the good old compliments of the sea son, and make with the worn-out year an affectionate farewell. There is always something mean about our Christmas here. We make frantic efforts to be jolly, but are not always successful. Three or four genera tions hence they may do the thing better. No time for Christmas when the wheat grows; the hook placed in the sheaf on Christmas Eve must be lifted again with the sun that follows the Christmas night. All men are midmost in the heat of the year's great labour. Th*y cannot feel Christmas. And the women read stories to the children; but the children smash mosquitoes, and think about hunting kangaroos, and are doubtful if plum pudding even is an improvement upon melon pie. Not much better in the city. The harbour may be decked from shore to shore with 'wives and sweet- , hearts, and ribbons and laces ; and every bay may be stocked with strawberries and cream, and cherries and puddings and cakes ; and everj tree may have tales to tell to the winds of sweet words whispered beneath it ; and every flower may be abloom, and the birds may sing, and the free waves dance, and the whole heart of the fairest summer day may blossom as a rose, yet 'tis not a Christmas rose. Our children's children may gather that rare, sweet flower, rich with the grace of the old world, strong with the strength of the new. Let as be content. Accept those words as a benediction, if you w then for tiris year, farewell ! 