Rtr Brv.vn O'Loghlev asked tlie elec tors of West Melbourne last night what guaranteo Mr. Service or Mr. Monro could give that their Heform Bill would be passed by the Council, and tlie question is such a pertinent one that wo should very much like to get an answer to it. What probability is there of their scheme, becoming law, beyond what thero is of Mr. Berry's plan being so attained 1 There is the more necessity and reason to ask this because Mr. Munro and Mr. Service never fail to curry favor for their scheme on tho ground that they pledge themselves to plaee it on the statute book within six months. There are three main features in the pro posal, viz., lowering the franchiso for electors to tho ratepayers' roll, the double dissolution, aud the joint sitting of the two Houses, it so happens that during the debate in the Council upou their .Reform Bill, the first two of these proposals- was considered, debated and" voted upon ; and consequently we are in full possession of the opinions of mem bers of that House upon them up to the date of their discussion in October last. On the second reading of that bill 8ir C. Sladen said : — " 1 don't know " whether too great un impression has " been made upon me, or ono that is not " justified by the circumstances, but I " consider we are in a position that be- " hoves us to state frankly to what ex- " teut we are prepared to go in the re- " form of the constitution of this " House." That was the challenge or appeal of the leader of tho House, and what was the response '! The bill as they passed it, which limits the franchiso to £20 freeholders and £40 ! leaseholders. What have Mr. Munro and j his following got to set against that i before the electors 1 We have the ex- i pressions of individual opinion during ! the debate, which mako it certain that I his -party is attempting to deceive i tho community, cither deliberately and i knowingly, or unwittingly, because it ; lias succeeded in effectually deceiving : itself upon this point. On 8th October Dr. Dobson' moved' au amendment which, if carried, would, as he said, have been " tho adoption of the " ratepayers' roll as the electoral basis "of the Council." A debate ensued, during which tho following utterances were made: — Mr. Balfour: " I am " perfectly sure that neither a majo- " rity o' the present Council electors " nor a majority of those whom tho bill " as it stood proposed to include in tho " Council franchise, wero at nil " in favor of tlie principle involved " in Dr. Dobson 's amendment." Mr. Fitzgerald: — " However, there could " be no doubt that tlie amendment had " not, to use a vulgarism, the ghost of a " show. By no chance, would it bo " adopted." Dr. Hoam : — " Ho could " not believe that far. Dobson- was " serious in proposing the amendment, " or that -lie had tho slightest idea that " it would be entertained." Sir C. Sladen : — " His inclination in regard to " freehold voters was to go even lowor " than the limit (£20) proposed by " tho bill. Ho knew, however, that ho " could not carry such a proposi- " tion, and therefore ho did not " introduce it." Comment upon these statements would be superfluous ; for they show beyond tho possibility of a doubt, when taken in connection with the fact that tho amendment was nega tived without a division, and that tho £20 and £40 franchise was passed — that the advocates of tho Munro- Service scheme are living in a fool's paradiso wheu they persuade them selves that they havo, as Mr. Fitz gerald so euphoniously puts it, " a " ghost of a show" for doing anything better with this proposal than Dr. Dobsou. Now, let us see how Mr. Beid's proposal for the " double dissolution " fared. Upon this question Mr. W. Wilson said : " For my- " self I would rather see a nominee " chamber, in tho hands of a good Go- " vernment and a properly organised " Assembly, than that the Council " should be subject to a dissolution in " tho manner proposed by Mr. Eeitl." Dr. Iiearn said : " I would, however, " remark that I would infinitely prefer " tho nominee system- to what was pro- " posed by theso clauses. . . . But " the system proposed by Mr. Iloid was " incomparably worse than the nominee i " system in almost its worst form." After this remarkable agreement betweon tho . two sections of tho Council as represented by these two speakers, tho proposal was negatived without a division ; and a further proposal for tho joint sitting of the two Houses was withdrawn. "With this experience before us, are wo ex pected to believe Mr. Service when he tolls us that ho will get all theso proposals through tho Council within six months 1 If we are, then ho may rest assured that, like many better founded expectations, it is doomed to bo disappointed. There is only one ground upon which it could be deemed possible that tile Iron, gentleman can have any warrant for his assuraucos to tho public upon this matter, and that is that the Council has bargained with hhn, as the prh . which it is to pay for tho defeat anci displacement of Mr. Berry and his followiug, that it shall eat its own words, pocket its principles, and accept from the Corner-cani-Opposition party what it would not take from its own members. If this be the solution of the riddle, tho public will be led to ask, what has the Council got to gain by the defeat of Mr. Berry and his party, that should induce it to pay such a price for the job 1 Tho question onco asked, tho answer would not bo far to seek — the manipulation of the land question during next sossion for themselves and thoir toadies and tools in tho Assembly. It is very evident that great card will havo to bo taken if the various Liberal organisations which have been formed for the praiseworthy purpose of assisting tho electors to find candidates are not to provo a hindrance to unanimity by an ill- rcgulated and fussy interference on the part of over-zealous wire-pullers. The last Fitzroy election was lost to tho Liberal party by bad management of this kind, aud wo hoar of complaints from tho country that the samo re sults are threatened by the same causes. At Coleraine, for example, a disposition has been shown to question tho right of tho Melbourne Reform Leaguo to dictate to tho local branch, and tho same feeling will not unnatu rally communicate itself to all the branches. Wo havo over and over again pointed out that the duty of the central organisation is primarily to assist in tho formation of local leagues, and uot at all to encroach upon their independence. So far as wo can learn, the activity of tho Contral Leaguo is altogether in the wrong direc tion. It is active where it should not interfere, and it refrains from interfering where it might judiciously use its in fluence to prevent a gross blunder. Wo may instance tho ciwe of Saudridgo for example. That constituency ought to bo easily wrested from tho Conserva tives if a really good and eligible can didate was put forward for tho Liberal vote. But instead of that, what do we see 1 Two men take the field, professedly in the Liboral cause, whom we undertake to say that noLibcral would dream of voting for if thero was any reasonable alternative open to them. Surely tho resources- of tho district arc not exhausted in the persons of Messrs. Ycomans and Cornish. Mr. Cornish professes to come out on the strength of a requisition signed by two hundred electors, but we know how such requisi tions are got up, and Monday's meet ing indicated pretty clearly tho real character of the candidate's popularity, and the estimation in which his Parlia mentary qualifications are held. Mr. Yeomans's appearance is equally diffi cult to be accounted for. We believe we are correct in stating that the Central Leaguo has nothing whatever to do with it, and that there is a pretty general feeling among the leaders of tho party that he has thoroughly outworn his use fulness, and might be relegated to poli tical darkness for the rest of his life with advautago to everybody. But though the league by its disavowal escapes tho responsibility of having thrust him upon the electors 'of Sand ridge, it cannot be acquitted of negligence' in standing quietly by and allowing the election to go by default to the other side. The Liberals of Sandridgo have been very scurvily treated in the matter of candidates from first to last. They wero told on a former occasion that thoy must vote for Mr. William Gaunson or else imperil tho cause ; and now a still more severe trial is presented to their loyalty. And without auy good or in surmountable reason that we can see. For there surely must be a candidate to be found whoso character and political status would appeal to their sympathies and secure their support. If their support were given unanimously, we believe that tho reactionaries whom Dr. Madden re presents would be placed at tho bot- tom of the poll without the slightest difficulty. Tho local league is the proper body to take the initin- tivo in the matter, and they would bo certain to receive the assistance of the central organisation if it were required. Thero arc Liberal candidates in excess in somo of the country constituencies, who would no doubt chocrfully place their services at tho command of the elec tors, and any one of whom would reflect more credit upou thorn than either Mr. Cornish or M r. Ycomans. The name of Mr. Hackctt, tho University law lec turer, at present in tho field for Normanby. suggests itself as that of a lawyer and a man of culture who is in every way qualified to compete with Dr. Madden, for whom his party claim so much in tho way of mental attainments. But tho selection ought not to be limited to Mr. Hackctt. We utterly decline to believe that tho electors are unable to find a mail of their own nomination who would do crodit to tho cause, and on whom they might concentrate their votes, without being called upon to make any sacrifice of their feelings. "Numer- " ous bodies never regard special quali- " fications at all," writes Mill, iu a caustic passago in his Representative Government; "unless a man is only fit " for the gallows, ho is thought to bo " about as fit as other pooplo for nlmost " anything for which he can offer hiui- " self a candidate." If this is a cor rect characteristic then there is all tho more reason to keep the electors in mind of it, and to warn them against the consequences which must follow. The office of the representative is, or ought to be, a highly responsible one,, and some regard should be paid to the qualifications of the individual who is to -discharge it. It is very truo that ono man's vote in tho division list is as good as another's, but the voice of a man is > of even more importance iu the manu facture of a good law than his voto. We ma7 comply with tho forms of Par liament by siinnly filling the Assembly with dummies, but what sort of legisla tion would Parliament turn out 1 