©tytml JnMliMUCC. ...... Young men who ge courting should be careful how they treat anonymous letters referring to the character of their sweethearts lest they should be called upon, like Mr. Edward Rush, of Col iane,. County Mayo, to offer an humble Annlnorv nrwl nov in+n nnnrfr Oftft Fnr lirpsinli nf promise of marriage. Young Rush was paying his attentions to a young and pretty Irish girl, named Mary Sweeney, and some evil-disposed person is said to have forwarded him an annony- mous letter casting au imputation on the ehar- aeter of his affianced. There and then he broke off the match, as doubtless many others would have done too, but he has since been called upon for a public apology, which he has uniiesjtat- ingly given, and as the lady put her damages at £1000, he lias paid a cheque for that amount into court, feeling that " their happy union, and been frustrated by the vile production of an . anonymous slanderer." We should strongly advise all young ladies (says the Otago Daily Times) — who are pro verbially loyal subjects of the Crown — to have nothing to say to any j'oung man whose name cannot be found on the electoral roll. Such a man Is fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils, o o cf e e Let no such man be trusted, for, if he sets no value on the glorious privi lege of helping to return a man to Parliament, where laws are made, how then can heset a value 011 the laws when by hook or by crook" tliey are made ? Possibly this might be an indirect way of obtaining something like a woman's franchise, for behind every man there is a woman, "who "is, or ought to be, his .guiding star. Colonists who happened to be in Paris ; on July .14 witnessed a sight which they will not easily forget. It was the anniversary of the \- Bastille, and the gay city was ablaze with lights. All the theatres were thrown open free, and as may be imagined there was a great rush to get into the Grand Opera House. The rule on gratis nights is, first coine first served. All the chairs were taken out of the boxes, and as many per sons crammed into the boxes as could conveni ently be held. The chairs in the stalls and dress circle, aud the benches in the galleries remained.,; so that the occupants of those places spent a comfortable evening. Only three boxes were reserved — the manager's, that of the municipal ity, and a third box set apart for journalists. The sight was certainly a curious one. Blouses and shirt sleeves, caps and printed cotton gowns, toot the place of dress clothes, silks., satins, and diamonds, and offered a striking contrast to tlie gilding and general wealth of the finest theatre in the world,. Nevertheless, this democratic audience is one which singers and actors prefer to any other. Professor William Benton, the well-known geologist of Wellesley, Mass., has written a curi ous letter upon the famous Mary Stannard ' murder. Professor Deiiton is a gradnate of Yale, and holds high rank among scientific men. He says he discovered, about 25 years ago, that certain sensitive persons, when specimens of any kind are placed upon their foreheads, can see the history of the specimens thus placed and their surroundings. Some one sent l)iin a lock of Mary Standards hair. The " sensitive" to whom it was applied, being entirely ignorant of the nature of the test, instantly described Mary Stannard, though she did not give her name ; saw that she was murderel, described the mur derer, and stated in the course of tlie examina tions more than a hundred facts known to be true, though entirely ignorant of the nature of the specimen ; made a few statements that are incorrect, and a great many more that are ex tremely probable. A pamphlet containing a de tailed account of the whole matter is to be pub lished shortly by Professor Denton. A severe shock of earthquake was felt in Manilla, the chief town of the Pbillippine Is lands, earty last month, which did much dam age. A second shock was experienced on July 20, which completed the work of destruction. The earthquake caused a terrible panic and in flicted enormous damage on the town. The loss . of life was, however, extraordinarily small. The buildings of the town are in total ruins, and the streets are completely blocked. All the merchants' goods and articles of trade and cohr sumption are buried beneath the debris, and the. peopie were leaving the place at any risk. The palace is destroyed. Looting had not been ex tensive, owing, it is concluded to the danger sur rounding attempts to get at the buried property. An utter prostration characterised the first shock which lasted 70 secouds, during which the whole city was in a state of oscillation, In Tayabah the shock continued 2 min. 30 sees, and at Santa Cruz it lasted over a minute. At the Jatter place Government House, the convent, the church, and public offices are ai mass of ruins, and people are living in sampans. The Crown Prince of Germany has just done a kindly and pretty thing. Little Paul Brandt, a nine- years-old orphan, having exhibited a re markable capacity for music, is being .educated gratuitously at a musical school in Berlin. On the Emperor's birthday the little fellow sumr moned up courage and addressed a note of con gratulation to bis Majesty, embodying in tkiB note a petition for a a new fiddle upon the per tinent ground that his own violin " scraped so awfully" that he could bear with it no longer. A mistake in the address took the not to the Crown Prince instead of to the Emperor, and the foriqer immediately ordered inquiries to be made at the school concerning little Paul Brandt and his " scraping instrument." These inquiries revealing the truth of the boy's statements, the good Prince proceeded to purchase an excellent violin, which he sent as a Whitsunday gift to happy Paul Brandt. Australians are very much in the habit— a rather unnatural one— of putting Americans be fore Englishmen in all that concerns " go." We regard ourselves and our relatives in the old country as a terrible lot of qld fogies in compari son with our Yankee coqsins. The latter are, for instance, invariably pictured as making #11 acre of land go as far as as we make a score of miles go, bat it should be comforting to our amour propre, if collectively we have any, to know that our estimate is a somewhat false one. Take wool raising and read what the New York Indicator 6a3'8 on the subjects — "England and Walus contain 58,000 square miles. The State of Texas conatins 274,356 square miles, and yet Great Britain and Ireland produce very nearly as much marketable wool as the whole of the United States. With a practically unlimited area", any part of which is available for sheep growing, we yet are large importers of foreign wool, over 65,000,000 of pounds having been imported during the last year as against about .'35,000,000 the year previous, notwithstanding that there is a heavy import duty. In yiew of these facts, it is not a little surprising that capi tal does not seem to flow in the direction of wool growing. The -production of wool seems to be a very important factor in national independence, and in other countries, particularly in Great Britain, considered an essential part of nearly every .farmer's business." From the National Life Stocle Journal,- we extract the following- — What should be the treatment of fistulous shoulders that have been running four or five months? There are two places where the matter discharges — one on top, and one on the side, a little forward of the shoulder, in the neck. Reply. — The orifice or orifices should be enlarged by ample incisions, so as to expose all diseased parts, which should be removed, as well as diseased portions of hones of tho spine, if 6uch are found to exist. Without such removal, and the formation of one or more dependent orifices, as the ease may require, no permanent euro - is. possible. If such dependencies cannot convenienriy or -properly 'be done without exposing too large a. surface, the same-be accomplished by means ef the insertion of one or "more setons of strips of leather through the bottom of the .cavity. Injections should then be made daily by some stimulant, such as a solution of half an ounce of cldoride of lima and a quart of water, which - should be kept corked when not used 4 or, a solution of one drachm of chloride of zinc and a quart of soft water. To facilitate cleanliness of the external parts a coat of hog's lard may he applied daily to the skin around and below tbe diseased parts, after eaeh dressing. When healthy granulation progresses, and a proper healing of the parts becomes evident. The upper pants should be allowed to cloBe first, iby gradually drawing the seton downwards - and a change of remedy may then he made by- substituting injections of equal parts of tincture of aloes and tincture of myrrh. In unfavour- -ablo .eases it may be necessary to repeat the operation. At Goldshorough, N.C,, I he other day, occur red one of .the uiost novel suieideB of the century the victim being a monkey owned by Mr. Rock well Syrock. The animal was .quite a favourite with all the .children for miles around, and knew most of them. For several years past Jacko's owner had been in the habit of visiting all of the hangings in this portion of the state, taking the mischevious animal with him. The monkey always seemed to take an especial interest is such horrible proceedings. On June 25 Alex ander Howard, a negro, was to have been executed for the murder of an old inanj hut the Governor respited him. The gibbit made for carrying out the negro's sentence had been erec ted before the Executive interposed its power and postponed it. Syrock visited tlie gaol with the monkey, and exanined these preparations. , The animal seemed to be unusually curious, and watched the scaffold and trap with earnest eyes. Siuce that time he has been playing at hanging in his master's barn. This morning he was found dead, suspended by a clothes-line to one of the rafters of tiie building. — N. 7. Herald. . The new Russian Imperial yacht called the Livadia, which has been for some time building by Messrs. John Elder & Co., Govan, near Glas gow, has just been launched, and it is acknow ledged on all hands to be the most sumptuous yacht in the world. The builders have construc- the the vessel on a hull shaped after the form of a turbot. Considering how well adapted all fish are for passage through the water, there is n'o- tiiing extravagant, though there is much that is .'new;, jn taking a fish as the model of a vessel that has to satisfy very exceptional requirements. Speaking roughly, the Livadia must he imngined as a broad and shallow oval, half submerged, aud carrying on its surface lofty and sumptuous saloons and other apartments, It resembles a vessel of the ordinary kind, reposing upon a ' white air cushion. Its principle dimensions are ; -r-Length , 260 feet; breadth, 150 feet ; depth, 50 feet ; tonnage, 11,609 ; and displacement, 4,000, The advantages of the mode of its con struction are thoroughly evident. In tlie first place the hull is capable of carrying on its back a great palace that would sink any other vessel. In the second place, the peculiar shape of the hull has a double merit ; its enormous beam is certain to render the ship as steady as any vessel , can possibly be, and its lower lines insure a very considerable rate of speed. The only question is how far that speed will be diininshed by the action of the wind. Her engines, however, are very powerful! The propelling power consists of three sets of engines, eaeh having three cylinders, the diameters of which are, for the high pressure, 60 inches, and for the low pressure 78 inches, with a stroke of 3 feet 3 inches. The propellers themselves are of manganese bronze thus securing strength and lightness ; and, with the view of obtaining the greatest possible power, steel has been largely used in the construc tion of the engines aud boilers, which will be the most powerful In the world for their weight. The indicated horse power is 10.500, and the . vessel is expected to make 14 knotq &n; hour, Clergyman to a newly- wedded pair The marriage state imposes various duties, The husband must protect the \vife, while the wife must follow the husband vyhithersoever lie goes." Bride — " Lor, sir, can?t that be altered in our case ? My husband is going to be a country postman." A'divinity examination day at Oxford; subject, the character of Jonah ; concluding sentences of tlie best-essay : — " Lastly, we are taught by the conduct of this great prophet the value of deci sion of character. No other hero of the Old Testament:- has shown such resolute strength of purpose. We read that for the full length of time he remained contentedly in the whale's belly. He made no effort to relieve himself from what must "ha ve been a disagreeable period of incar ceration. Fof the whole of the three days he continued imipured in his fishy prison, jt was only on the thjrd day lie contrived to be thrown up'., The'lesson is striking, and the moral clear."? A qiipst story comes from Nagamble, and is told . by the local paper, as follows : — Persons visiting the railway station, and those who have had oc casion to visit that locality at night, have been greatly frightened by seeing a ghost. A few even ings ago it appeared near the end of the railway platform, and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet iji height, arrayed in pure white. The form was that of a female with, as far as it could be discerned, a deathlike face. It was motionless in it? movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity. One of the porters, who has a considerable amount of courage proceeded in the direction of the apparition, and when within easy range fired at it, but to his as? tpnishment, after the smoke had cleared away, he found the apparition was close to him. He was perfectly terrified, and dropping his gun made for his friends at ljghtning speed. One night last week as the half-past nine cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen was travelling along the railway road towards the town, a short distance from the station the spectrum again appeared on the hill side ahont 50 yards from the cab, aud as the conveyance pro? ceeded, eo did the figure. This frightened the pas- petgers, and especially the driver, so that he drove his horses at a furious pace, sion losing sight of the apparition, Itis currently reported that the station- . master has applied to be removed." 5- Our ancestors tiie monkeys, couldii't liave s. been so ignorant after all. . Tli.ey were all edu- | cated in the higher branches. i Buitetcdps may lie very pretty to look at, I but thev are fatally dans:eron8 as food. A little girl in Liverpool recently plucked some in 'New-' | shain Park, ate them, and died soon after. The f. medical opinion was that she had been poisoned by the buttercups. / Two of O'Connell's contemporaries have re- | cently died. Mr Battersby, Q.C., was a fellow | barrister with the great tribune, and Mr. Raj, to f wliom the most famous of his epistles were ad- ; dressed, shared his triumphs and his downfall, having been a fellow-prisoner of his friend and f patron. A smart American girl caljs a young fellow of her acquaintance " Honej'suckle," because lie's always banging over tlie front fence. The great American author, Ralph Waldo Emerson, keeps two cows, and milks them him self. It is said that some of his brightest thoughts have come to him while being kicked half-way across the stable. A paddlb steamer whicli has a speed nf 21 miles an hour has been provided for the run be tween Folkestone and Bologne. Thb Australian cricketers met the strongest \- possible All England Eleven last week. Fortune favoured tbe latter with the best wicket.. Spof- forth could not play on account of a broken linger. Measles are very prevalent in Sydney. At the Iiandwick Asj'luin bet ween 200 and 300 children were down at one time. The Hongkong Daily Prers states that an extraordinarj marine morsterwas broiisrlit from Aberdeen on tiie 1st of August, by Captain Vin cent, which is said to have been cipliire'd in tlie dock, and was landed at Murray Pier ami taken to the City Hall . It appears.to be a member of the ray family, and is called bj tbe Chinese tiie devil fish. This specimen is judged to weigh, about 3000 lbs., and it took fifty coolies to carrj1 it. The body is about 7 feet in diameter, while the total measurement from tin to tin is 15 feet. It has ears a foot and a-half long, and its mouth is two feet i inches in width. This fish attains an enormous size in the China Sea, and 16 some times seen on tiie surface of the water asleep. One of the Messacerics Mnritimes steamers going north from this port 6ome time ago, ran into one, and the officers of tlie ship thought she was aground, as "he vessel was brought up to nearly a dead stop, 