CHAPTER XXIII. ELSTON AT SYDNEY. The presence of both Elston and Gerald not now being so much required, Elston took a brief holiday to pay a visit to Sydney. They were all rejoiced to see him, though surprised at the alteration a few months on the dig- gings had made in his appearance. He looked much older by reason of the growth of certain hirsute appendages, and was very much sunburnt. Nellie looked at him in astonish- ment, and could hardly believe he was really her brother. He had also received a letter from Hugh by the mail that brought Margaret's, and, like her, felt surprise at the tone, " But I am very glad of it for his sake," he added, as he and Margaret talked the matter over. Some little time after Elston went back, Gerald, in response to an earnest invitation, went down to renew his acquaintance with Dr. Leigh. He received a hearty welcome, and found his visit so pleasant that he stayed a considerable time. Elston felt glad that Gerald was brought under influences that might prevent his ever returning to his former wild, reckless way of living. The town of Burrangong, or (as it was now called), Young, had greatly changed in appearance since Elston had first seen it, and had now become a town of considerable importance. Matters had now become very quiet, and numbers of the miners had their wives and fami- lies with them ; and, though nothing like rich finds were now thought of, most of them by steady, hard work, were able to earn good wages. The public houses were still doing a thriving business, and many of the publicans had built more substantial houses. Among those who seemed to have flourished was Elston's old acquaintance, Simpson. He had lately been to Sydney on business, and had not long returned when Elston went in one day to write a letter which he wished to send away by that day's mail. " Back agin yer see, sir, " he said as Elston went in. " So I see," Elston replied. "You didn't make a long stay in Sydney." "Not I ; two or three days is enough of Sydney for me at any time. It 'ud be somethin' queer that 'ud keep me buz nackin' round Sydney streets a'ter I done my business, I kin tell yer. Is there enything I kin do for you?" he added, know- ing that Elston did not call for the sake of gossiping. "I want the use of the parlour for a few minutes, if you'll allow me, to write a letter ?" " Certainly, sir," answered Simpson, who was sur- prisingly civil to Elston, considering that he never spent any money in drink and had been the means of preventing Gerald from spending his money also. Elston had been seated some few minutes when he heard the landlord speaking in loud tones in an adjoining room, and even if he had tried to do so he could not help hearing every word. "It's no use yer goin' on this here way, Miss Reade," he heard him say ; "I let yer off last night, seein' as yer was tired, but yer must 'tend ter the bar to-night." "Oh, please, Mr. Simpson," answered a female voice, in such a tone of distress that a thrill of sympathy ran through Elston as he heard it, and for the life of him he could not help pausing while the tones lasted. "I will do anything else you like, but do not ask me to serve drink to those dreadful miners ; you never said that would form part of my duties when you engaged me in Sydney ; you said that I'd only be required to assist in very light household duties, besides teaching the children." " Well, what do yer call waitin' behind the bar, if it ain't light dooties ?" Simpson's voice was heard replying, in angry tones. "The hidear of supposin' as I'd pay yer a pound a week ter teach two or three kids !" "But, Mr. Simpson," again expostulated the other voice, " you advertised for a governess." " Now, look here, Miss Reade, I don't wish ter be hard on yer, seein' as yer a lady ; but I hev it down in black an' wite that yer hengaged ter do eny light dooties as yer might be hasked, han' yer'll hev to keep to it-an' I can't see what fault yer kin find with it. My wife done it for years, and if I had a dawter I'd make her do it. If yer ony make up yer mind yer'll find it heesy enough a'ter a time. I don't want yer ter wash glasses, or anythink of that sort, Jim'll do that ; all as I wants yer to do is ter stan' behind the bar, an' look pleasant like at the chaps as comes in, an' serve 'em with wot they calls for. I'm sure you can do that, Miss, if yer like." ' ' I would sooner do the hardest work in your house, Mr. Simpson," replied the gentle voice, and Elston almost held his breath to listen. "I'm sure I could cook and scrub, with a little practice, and I would willingly do that if you would let some one else take my place at the bar." " No, Miss Reade, I can't do ennythink of the kind, an' let me tell yer, once for all, that if yer don't do es yer hasked I'll hev yer up ter the Court for refusin', so, the sooner yer understan' that the better fer yerself. I've no time ter stan' here a barneyin', but I give yer fair warnin', en' if yer don't take it it'll be all the wus fer yerself." The only answer to this was a suppressed sob, as the. door slammed and Simpson's steps could be heard walking away. Elston never knew how he finished that letter, but a few minutes afterwards he found himself in the street, having passed out by a passage leading to the street by another door. He purposely avoided going through the bar, as in the state of mind in which he was he could not have spoken to Simpson without letting him know what he thought of his conduct, and he wanted to get away where he could think the matter over. He walked to the post office and posted the letter, and then went past without noticing where he was going. His thoughts seemed to have got into an inextricable tangle, and the voice he had heard in expostulation with Simpson kept ringing in his ears, and over and over again the words seemed to be repeated. He had been struck by the evident tone of refinement in the voice, and felt sure that the owner was young, and, from Simpson's remarks, pretty. Elston had not been nearly twelve months on the diggings without knowing in what estimation a barmaid was held if the possessor of good looks, and he shuddered at the thought of what this young girl would have to undergo if she continued in the service of a man like Simpson, whose house had the repu- tation of being everything it ought not to be. It was getting dark before Elston thought of noticing where he was going, and he then found himself at a place called Sawpit Gully, some miles out of the town. He turned and retraced his steps, thinking deeply all the way. When he reached the town the public houses were all lit up, and, almost before he was aware of it, he found himself in the bar of the " Diggers' Arms," watching a girl of about twenty years of age placing a glass of liquor before a half tipsy digger, while six or seven more stood round, some with glasses in hand and the rest apparently waiting their turn to be served, but all gazing in open-mouthed admira- tion at the girl behind the bar. Elston seemed to take the whole picture in at a glance, though it was sometime before he recovered himself sufficiently to notice the girl's face. When he did look he saw a girl under the medium height, with a timid, sensitive, but very pretty face. Elston felt his heart swell with indignation as he looked at her. She was handing the man she had served some change. "There ÍB your change, sir ; nineteen shillings," she said in a voice she seemed trying to render Bteady, though a quaver was perceptible to Elston's ears. " A' right, miss,'' answered the man, leaning over the counter with a leering look. "You're a dashed putty gal," he added, as he took the money, " an' there's a couple o' bob for yer trouble." "No, thank you," she answered, drawing back as he leaned over, bringing his face in close proximity to her's, and holding out some silver in his hand. Elston had to make a strong effort to restrain himself from going forward and thrusting him away ; and it is dou btf ul whether he would have succeeded if a diversion had not been created by one of the men standing near calling out " Here ! take yer ugly carcase out o' that, an' let yer betters get served." The fellow thus spoken to turned round, and with drunken gravity asked, "Who're you talkin' to? Yer'd better mine yer p's an' q's, or it'll be wus for yer." "Come! come! gents, wats the matter here ? " said Simpson, bustling into the bar. "Oh ! Mr. Leigh, glad to see yer. Couldn't make out where yer got ter to-day. Didn't see yer go hout. " " No," Elston forced himself to say calmly ; "I went out by the other door. I was in a hurry to post the letter But I wish to speak to you when you are at liberty." " Very well, sir," said Simpson, turning to the bar to help some of the men waiting. The girl, or Miss Reade as Simpson called her, had retreated from the bar as far as she could get, and was looking towards the door as if she meditated an escape. "Corne, boys," said Simpson, "what's the rumpus about ? Oh ! some of you chaps wants to be served. Here, I'll help this young lady-she's a bit noo to the business." "Would you mind dispensing with her services this evening, Mr. Simpson, and I will take her place if you are in need of assistance?" said Elston, stepping forward, and he never forgot the look of gratitude the girl gave him as Simpson answered, after a little hesitation "Well, if yer don't min' doin' it. I'm very busy ter-night. I expects a party of gents in the parlour d'rectly. You kin go now, Miss Reade ; but I'll want yer ter 'tend the parlour, maybe, so keep handy. " "Thank you, sir," she answered in a low tone as she left the room, but Elston fancied he heard a sob follow the words. For the next three or four hours Elston performed some of the duties of barman, though they were peculiarly re- volting to him ; but it was some consolation to him to know that by so doing Miss Reade was spared for that evening at least. Some little time after he had commenced them the bar parlour was occupied by a party of men be- longing to a different class to the ordinary digger, who had met to spend the evening at card playing. Drinks were very soon called for, and, though Elston tried to prevent it, Miss Reade had to take them in. He felt his face flush painfully when once or twice one of the party came to the door and called out " Here, landlord ; send in your new importation with a fresh bottle. It's worth the price of one to get a look at such a pretty face." With pulses throbbing, and feeling dizzy and confused from the fumes of alcohol and the unwonted noise and ex- citement, Elston at last left without having had an opportunity of speaking privately to the landlord. He walked down to the tent like one in a dream, wondering if he were really in his waking senses or not. So much had happened since he had left that he could scarcely believe he had been away only a few hours. The face of the girl, as he saw it behind the bar, haunted him, and the tones of her voice, as she pleaded with Simpson in the afternoon, still rang in his ears. Plan after plan to save her from the misery of the position he felt sure she had been brought into unwittingly, came into his mind, to be rejected as soon as formed. ' ' She must surely be alone in the world, or she would appeal to her friends to save her from such a life," he thought ; " and I'm afraid Simpson has managed, by taking advantage of her simplicity, to get the law on his side, so an appeal to the magistrate would be useless." He at last determined that he would see Simpson the next day, and try to reason with him though very doubtful of success. " If I could only see the written form of agreement, I would then be better able to decide what I should do," he thought. When he got to the tent he found Bob in a great state of consternation about him. " An' it's glad I am to see yer face agin, Masther Elston," he said, almost crying over him. " Shure an' I thought yer was murthered entirely by thim spalpeens o' bushrangers. But mercy on us, yer look as if yer'd seen a ghost- are yer ill, sir ? " " I'm all right, Bob, old fellow," Elston answered kindly ; "but I'm very tired to-night-I think I'll go to bed. Call me early in the morning, will you ? " "Shure an' I will; but did yer have any supper. I bin keepin' some hot for yer. " " I'm sorry for that, Bob. I couldn't touch any to-night ; I don't feel hungry. But a good night's rest may set me ready for my breakfast." But Elston was not destined to enjoy a good night's rest that night. He lay hour after hour tossing on his bed, fancying he still heard the haunting tones of distress. To one of Elston Leigh's temperament, and with his ideas of chivalry and feelings of tender reverence for the sex to which his mother and sisters belonged, it seemed intolerable that a young girl of refined and gentle culture should be brought into personal contact with so much that was coarse and repulsive. He shuddered at the thought of the sights and sounds with which she would have to become familiar, and worse than all else was the thought that she might in time become assimilated to such a life, and perhaps cease to find anything repulsive in it, and for one like her that would simply mean degradation. Though I hold that no female can be brought into daily contact with life as seen in the bar of a public-house of such a character as is usually found on a diggings without losing her natural repugnance to certain forms of vice, yet the moral defilement would be greater, the wider the difference between her past and present, if once the idea of escape from it were gone. . While that desire remains, thank God, it is possible for her, though forced by the " cruel environment of circumstances " to breathe an impure atmosphere, to do so without injury to her purity. It would have been an utter impossibility for Elston Leigh to be indifferent to what he considered an injustice towards one of the weaker sex simply because she was a stranger to him. The very fact that by a peculiar chain of circumstances he became acquainted with the case, was in I his mind sufficient to constitute a claim on him for assistance. Towards morning he dropped off into a troubled sleep, but even then he did not lose consciousness of the scenes of the evening. They were enacted over and over again. Now, he fancied the.pleading tones were asking him to save her from such a life, and again he was watching her as she retreated from the leering looks of the drunken digger. "Yer not lookin' yerself at all at all, Mas ther Elston," said Bob, next morning. "No, Bob, I don't feel very bright. I am going up to the town this morning, as soon as I have a look at the men to see how they are getting on. Perhaps the walk will do me good.55 " It'll be more'n the walk did yesterday, thin," said Bob to himself, as he looked anxiously at Elston as he walked over to the claim. 