The Crisis in Victoria. When our last number was published tlie electors of Victoria were about to go to the polling booths to pronounce judgment upon the Bbrry Ministry and its Reform Bill. They were fully awake this time to the imjjortance of the duty that lay before them, and they discharged it with intelligence. The result is that Mr. Berry and his col leagues have resigned. The judgment of the constituencies was so decisive against them that they preferred an imme diate resignation to waiting for the judgment of the new Assembly, which would certainly have been that a writ of ejectment should issue forthwith. They have done wisely, and may be congratulated upon having shown, even at so late a moment, some power of viewing the circumstances that surround them, in their true aspect. This, it would seem, they had failed to do throughout the whole of their Ministerial career. The assump tion that they were politically colour-blind affords the most charitable explanation of their habitual inisgovernment. The general election has removed the film, and enabled them to see that they had not, after all, the support of the country in a policy of tyranny, violence, and revenge : and, as that appears to have been the only kind of policy upon which they could carry on the government of I the country, they had no longer, as a Ministry, j the ground to stand upon. Their mistake throughout was in supposing | that such a course of action as theirs could I really command the approval of the country ' generally, or that the sober sense of the com munity, fairly expressed, would ever be in favour of it. In 1877 Mr. Berry asked for 50 men in the Assejnbly to enable him to carry out his programme. The general election placed GO under his command ; but various causes combined to bring about this result, and it was to be regarded on the whole rather as an illustration of the clumsiness and ineffi ciency of the prevailing system of elections as a means of obtaining an accurate and a just representation of public opinion and feeling tfrfm as a proof that even then the enormous preponderance of either was on the side of Mr. Berry and his ideas. Mr. Berry, however, was intoxicated with the belief that the results of the elections disclosed the whole truth ; and, seeing the ball at his feet, he con cluded that there was nothing to hinder him in kicking and continuing to kick with all his vigour. It was splendid exercise, and he enjoyed it. He revelled in the opportunities that were placed before him. He struck heavy blows at his opponents and their I friends. He put the representative of the I Crown under pressure, and seemed for a time | prepared to override the law at his will. He distributed rewards amongst his supporters, and quartered his relatives upon the public service. And, not content with the narrow field of operations which the colony offered, he went to England, the self-appointed ambassador of the people of Victoria, to demand from the Imperial Government what he wanted, in their name. His whole course of procedure implied a confident belief that he had throughout the hearty support of the great mass of the community, and that his opponents were only an insignificant minority, too small to claim fair consideration, and worthy of notice only for the purpose of being crushed. The effect of the last appeal to the country was to test the soundness of this belief, and to show that it was a mere illusion. It would probably be a mistake to imagine that this general election, although it has wrought so radical a change in the position of the Berry Ministry, indicates a radical and extensive change in the current of opinion amongst the majority of the electors as to the general principles by which the policy of the colony should be guided. Nor need there be any feeling of disappointment if the forma tion of a new Ministry should fail to be followed by sensational legislation. There would rather be cause for disappointment if anything of the kind were attempted, either in Parliament or in the administra tive work of the new Government, There will be an immense gain to the colony if the effect of this contest should be to impress upon the minds of all parties the understand ing that political violence and unscrupulous partisanship are detested by the great majority of the electors, and will not be tolerated by the people. Less than three years ago, Mr. Berry was allowed — partly through apathy and want of organization on the other side and partly by the operation of other causes — ? to take with him into the Assembly a party able to carry in that House all that it wished. Kow the countiy has said to Mr. Berry and his colleagues, ' You have had a grand oppor tunity, and you have abused it ; you have had almost undisputed power, and you have prostituted it j you have administered public affairs upon a system that would render good government impossible; and, so far as our present vote can determine the question, you shall not have the opportunity or the power any longer.' The first lesson of the election is that, whatever may be the political opinions of a Ministry, the government of the country must not be carried on in disregard of private rights and liberties, the law and the Constitu tion, moderation and fair play. As the question remitted to the consti tuencies was constitutional reform, and a de finite scheme was submitted by the leader of the Opposition, it may be assumed that there will be little delay in attempting the solution of that problem. Mr. Berry's idea was to carry a Beform Bill through the Assembly and get it forced upon the colony by Imperial authority without the assent of the Upper House, if that should be withheld. The country has rejected this idea, and repudiated the implied charge that its own Legislature is unable to deal with the amendment of its own. Constitution. Mr. Service also denies that charge, and is prepared to demonstrate its untruth. The first thing to be done, then, is to pass a Reform Bill, and vindicate in that way the position which he maintained before, and which the country has upheld. Will Mr. Berk's and his followers endeavour also, in spite of their late lesson, to vindicate theirs, and strive,' by stonewalling or otherwise, to make the passing of any reasonable measure impossible ? We certainly do not undertake to answer that question. Mr. Berry has nothing to gain by factious opposition, but much to lose. He only gained his seat, the other day, by a narrow majority, after having been reduced to the necessity of making a house- to-house canvass. If he proved himself to be untractable . and incorrigible, he might, at the next contest, be ostracized. But there have been men who never forgot anything and never learned anything, even in passing through a school of severity; and time only will show whether Mr. Berry and his abbettors are of similar character. ' Disce aut discede '' would be a good motto to put over the entrance to public life ; and then men of such a stamp, after short and sharp experience, would be excluded. In ihe age of Luther and Erasmus it was customary for the scholars of Europe to travel to the great seats of learning, and nail up at the principal entrance their ! ?challenges to all the doctors and distinguished school- ! men to debate certain theses in open conclave. There ?was some reason for the practice then, because the art of printing was clumsy, books were scarce, and readers were few. Our modern printing-press has changed all that, and now the very audience that listen to a speech look to the newspapers of the following morning for a better idea of what wa6 said than they could obtain by the evidence of their own eare. But we have one man in New South Wales who apparently £till clings to the practice of the schoolmen, junfl demands 'a man, that he may fight.' Mr. David Buchanan challenged all comers to do battle with him on protection, and Mr. Gr. H. Eeid accepted the challenge. The combatants met on Friday week in the Masonic Hall, and each ran a tilt at the other for the space of one hour. The hall was packed long before the controversy began, and the behaviour of the audience is a pretty good test as to which side had been most successful in that part of the business. Mr. Buchanan was permitted to proceed without inter ruption, except by the cheers of his supporters. But Mr. Eeid was greeted with hooting and( hisses before lie had said one word, although on the show of hands the two 6ides were nearly equal in numbers. Fully 20 minutes of his time was lost by the uproar of his opponents at every telling point, and then they were ungenerous and unfair enough to call out ' time ' be fore his hour was up. The show of hands could not moan much in such an assembly, and the only cause for wonder is that Mr. lleid consented to submit such ?a question to such a tribunal. Let our readers com pare the two speeches for themselves, and they will ?constitute a better jury than the meeting for deciding ;the question as to which side won the victory. The address delivered by Dr. Yaughan at the Sacred SHeart last Sunday was in some respects more restrained and circumspect than any of the addresses and pasto rals previously issued by him. From beginning to ?end he confined himself to the Premier's speeches on the 26th clause and on the third reading of the Public Instruction Bill. First he claimed liberty of speech as a free citizen of this colony. Who denies him that liberty ?of speech ? But he has not been content with that ; on the contrary, he has invaded the. rights of parental :authority among the people of his own Church in a ^manner never before witnessed or heard of in the* -colony. To tell them what he holds to -be right is one thing, and to threaten them with excommunication and everlasting per dition if they do not surrender their consciences and judgment to his control is another, and hitherto ^Catholic parents have been able to send their children to our common schools as to our common workshops and places of business, and still be good Catholics. But now they are denounced as ' bad or indifferent Catholics' if they do not withdraw their chil dren at the bidding o£ ecclesiastics who derive their authority from a foreign potentate. They are allowed no voice in deliberation, as in free Churches and all free societies of every kind ; their private judgment is overridden, and the sphere of their civil duties invaded by this priestly usurpation. Dr. Yaughan enjoys, and has used to his heart's con sents, or at all events to everybody else's satiety, both the liberty and the license of speech, and he has that liberty still. But when he brings his spiritual functions into the realms of civil duty he is claiming that imperium in imperio which Rome still asserts wherever she can, but which no free community on earth can allow. As to the enlightenment of the people being ' death to the priestly calling,' that is simply matter of opinion, and for our part we have no faith in apiety that can thrive ?only upon ignorance. Dr. Vaughan evidently thinks the same, and consequently the question is not whether the people are to be enlightened or not, but who is 'to enlighten them. The State claims no jurisdiction . over religion if only its laws are obeyed ; but neither will it permit its functions to be curtailed by any -ecclesiastical domination. It does not propose to take 'from anybody the liberty to teach, as the Jules Ferry law proposed in France; nor will it, unless that liberty be abused for the purpose of disseminating t sedition and rebellion. To talk about persecution and the 'gag' in such a 6tate of things is to simulate a : grievance where there is none, and betokens a very ?daring forgetfulness of the use made of that instrument in former ages and in other lands. The new lighthouse at South Head, which is to re place the old one erected in 1816, will be a worthy monument of the progress of navigation in recent times. Since Columbus sailed on his memorable voyage in vessels that would now be condemned as un ; seaworthy by the marine authorities of every port, the science of building and sailing ships has been transformed. The 6ea has been explored in some respects better than the land, and seamen have as much knowledge of the trackless deep through which they ? carry the commerce of the world, as travellers have of the old paths that cross the great continents. But the elements are still beyond man's control, .and wind and weather defy his power. A lighthouse is, in one sense, a confession of that weakness, for it is a symbol of danger. But :if it is a warning it is also a guide, and thousands of ? eyes have been gladdened by the light from South Head that bade them welcome to Port Jackson after a long and tedious voyage. The new light is to be an ^electric one, and that the best of its kind. Its illu minating power is said to be greater than that of any lighthouse in Europe, and will stream out over the Pacific for 10 leagues. There is a difference of ?opinion as to whether it should not be placed on the North Head ; but unless the balance of advantage were very decided, a light so well known to the mariners of every nation ought not to be removed. The ceremony ?of last Monday was certainly not too imposing for the occasion, and it served as a very appropriate standpoint from which to review the progress of the colony during half a century, and to anticipate the pos sibilities of the future. With such a port as Sydney, such a great and wealthy country at the back of it, and such a liberal tariff as ours, the next half-century should be the brightest era in our history; and the future should be to the past very much like that new -electric light, which will soon flash out over the ocean, ?compared with the dim oillight which will be then extinguished. It is usually a longer and more difficult task for a new country to obtain the first million of inhabitants than to gain the succeeding ten millions; and so will it prove in the case of New South Wales. For many years now the mining district of the Hunter has been in a condition of chronic difficulty and unrest. Periodical floods have vexed the farmer, ?and spasmodic strikes and lockouts have worried the mining industry. Yet where has Nature been more lavish of her gifts than in the Hunter valley ? Eicher soil and more prolific crops eye could not see nor heart wish for. Better seams of coal, combined with easy working and contiguity to a market, could not be desired. These are elements that ought to guarantee uninterrupted prosperity and a steady increase of settle ment, wealth, and contentment. How is it, then, that there is no district in New South Wales so often and so violently disturbed? Simply because man himself will not give Nature fair play. The men pre scribe how long each miner shall be allowed to work, how much he shall .be permitted to do, and how much his weekly wages shall be. The masters tie each other down to certain prices and certain quantities to be sold, and by this system of mutual tyranny and usurpation the men are kept on half-time, the masters have to employ twice the capital they would otherwise require for the same amount of business, the colony is discredited, and nobody is the gainer. What is the remedy ? Not to keep up this oppressive and wasteful monopoly in regard to what must assuredly become one of our leading industries, but to throw open the coal trade to the free competition that prevails in other occupations. If there are more miners than can be fully employed for a fair week's work at a fair week's wages, let them cease to bring out their mining friends from home at the public expense, and let them seek other and more profitable employment for the surplus hands. If there is more capital invested than can be remunerated at the usual rate of profits, let some of that capital be invested in other paying industries which have greater need of it. But let not this com bination of a comparatively small number keep coal at a monopoly price for home as well as foreign con sumers, to the peril of the public tranquillity and the injury of the colony's fair fame abroad. The gift of £100,000 by Mr. Challis to the Univer sity of Sydney is as timely as it is munificent. When the present Chancellor delivered his first commemoration speech, two years ago, he complained of the inadequate support from public funds, and maintained that the annual grant of £5000 ought to be doubled to enable the University properly to perform its work. Ever since the year 1853 the University of Melbourne has had £9000 per annum from Parliament, in addition to liberal endowments from private sources. At the date of Sir William Manning's address the value of the debentures, land, and money held by the Senate of our University was £27,160 for scholarships, bursaries, prizes, exhibitions, a travelling fellowship, and a chair of physical science. The princely bequest of Mr. Challis increases that sum fourfold, and i6 equal to a yearly income of £5000 — an instance of private benefaction that may well put to 6hame the parsi monious grant from Parliament. It is possible there are conditions attached to the gift specifying the par ticular purpose to which it is to be devoted, as for in stance the completion of the University buildings and the supply of efficient apparatus for scientific investigation. But these purposes can scarcely absorb the whole of the sum, and in any case it must tend to promote liberal education among our native youth. It is little to our credit that our public and private schools for primary and secondary instruction should supply only 62 students attending University lectures out of a gross enrolment of 148,000. The mere statement of the number of students is sufficient evidence that there can be no proper gradation of classes, no powerful stimulus of emulation, no range of competition sufficiently wide to rouse all the energies of students as a necessity of success. To tys the best out of 100 must be on the average an easier task than to be the best out of 1000. When Napoleon left Paris on his way to Waterloo he said, 'I go to measure myself with Wellington.' For j the first time in his life he met the great British I commander, and the result was to make even his admirers doubt whether he was the first general of the age. Qur young men who win the scholastic prizes of Sydney usually desire to measure themselves with the alumni of Oxford, Cambridge, London, and Edinburgh. Hitherto they have done well, and they come back more confident, perhaps, in 6ome things, yet more modest than before. But it is not every student whose parents can afford to send him home, and therefore it is of the first importance to widen the sphere of our own University, and make it in every sense worthy of its position as the head of our educational system. The almost royal gift bequeathed by Mr. Challis will contribute materially to that result, and all the more because it will stimulate our wealthy citizens to similar acts of patriotic devotion to their country. We live and learn. It will be remembered that, some years ago, an eminent prelate of this colony made a pretentious attempt to prove that Freemasonry is the root of all evils — social, political, and religious. From the same or a similar source we now learn the hidden genesis of the Education Bill at present before the Parliament of New South Wales. Dr. Beattie has reminded us that bishops are good for nothing if what are mysteries to the laity are . not plain to them. This episcopal insight is particularly valuable at this juncture of our educa tional affairs. We are told that the ' secret Alta Yendetta or Council of /ill secret societies governs Communism, Internationalism, and Nihilism together, and, while it laughs at the phantasmagoria and puerility of Freemasonry, it still regards the whole association of the apron and the trowel as its best novitiate and favourite means for propagating its views.' And it appears that the operations of the terrible Alta Vendetta extend to New South Wales. ' With us their object is to seize upon some 1 leading statesman ' and place him in front, to work out their designs, and then, when no longer required, to relegate him to obscurity and contempt. Nothing can be clearer than that it is a position of this kind tfhich Sir Henry Parkes occupies at the present moment.' All this is news — especially to the Premier and the Parliament. But there is something more. With a sublime freedom from the hesitancy which besets most mortals when attempting to predict future events, the authority from whom we quote goes on to say : — ' The Alta Vendetta is not prepared to permit Sir Henry for the present to go further than the passing of the now passed bill. Mr. Forster will get the commission to make it completely secular. The raising of any amount of Kiama ghosts, or the strongest vituperation of Catholic ecclesiastics or Catholic practices, will not in Sir Henry's lifetime affect the question one jot more than the secret wire puller permit.' It is a pity the oracle has not con descended to the vulgar details of this business. Who are the local representatives or agents of the Alta Yendetta ? A fuller revelation would at least be more , amusing if not more edifying. « 