ST. BARNABAS'S THEOLOGICAL TRAILING COLLEGE. Tor a considerable time the want of some training place for persons willine to enter the ministry of the Church of England in this colony has been felt, and of late years, owing to the demand for clergymen in the diocese, the necessity has been a growing one. His Lordship the Bishop has long seen the advisability of establishing a Training College, and when he visited England brought its claims under the attention of many colonists with considerable success. The result of the assistance offered there and in the colony is that a building has now been commenced on a site opposite the Cathedral at North Adelaide. A full description of the building, a portion of which only is now to be erected, appeared in the Register of Friday. The bnilding is to consist of a centre block and two wings, having gables to the front, the centre block being surmounted by a ventilating turret, to which the ventilation of the whole building will be carried. There will be an entrance hall, 12 feet by 25 feet, from which a staircase will lead to the upper story, and passages right and left to the various studies and bedrooms, each student being provided with two rooms. The back portion of the right-hand wing will be taken up with kitchen, scullery, pantry, and backstairs leading np to the caretaker's rooms. There is a hall above, 20 feet by 33 feet, lighted by a large three-light window Lat the end and two single windows at the side. All the rooms have fireplaces, and when complete the building will contain fourteen sets, besides hall, kitchens, and asoal offices. The portion now to be built, which will cost about £1,900, will contain the halls, kitchens, and offices forming the right-hand wing and half of the cen tre block. The building, the style of which is Tudor, has been designed by Mr. D. Garlick, and is being erected under his superintendence. Three o'clock on Friday, June 11—St. Barnabas' Day, and the 78th birthday of His Lordship the Bishop—was appointed as the time for the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone. His Lordship the Bishop, the Venerable Archdeacon Dove, the Bev. Canon Ooombes, and Bevs. Dr. Dendy, S. Green, F. T. Whitington, W- G. Harrison, Coghlan, and W. S. Moore proceeded from the Cathedral to the site of the bnilding. where Lady Jervois and a number of ladies and gentlemen were assembled. After singing the first verse of Hymn 215 the service to be used on such occasions, including a special prayer, was said. A box containing a scroll in Latin, stating that on the day of the feast of St. Barnabas, Jane 11, 1800, the foundation-stone of the School of Theology of St. Barnabas was laid by the Bishop of Adelaide, was placed in the usual recess, and the stone having been lowered into its place,' His LoBDSHrp declared it to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. His Lordship then said the laying of the foundation-stone of a small institution for the teaching of the necessary learning^ to those who were to exercise the functions of the ministry of God's Church might appear to them a humble work. This, however, was far from the case. In all times the sacred Scriptures had been an object of the deepest stady in the Church, at> was seen from the history of the Old Testament. "When it was thought necessary to keep up the scriptural learning in the ranks of the prophetical body by schools throughout the Levitical cities, it would be seen that the work of instructing the people to be set apart for God's ministry was one part of the Divine counsel for keeping the truth alive in the hearts of men. Those institutions continued down to the days of the Rabbis, and throughout the captivity. For 1,500years there never were wanting holy men instructed in the Scriptures contained in the books of the Law and the Prophets. And they knew how our Lord had sanctioned that body of Holy Writ which was known as the Law, the Piophets and the Psalms, when He Himself on the day of the resurrection tilked with the two disciples, and pointed oat to them in tbe law of Moses and the Ps >lms and tbe Prophets those passages which had special reference to Himself. The system of teaching to which he had referred continued in the early Christian Church and there were never wanting holy men to write the history of the Church or defend Christ's holy religion before kings and magistrates, and by their addresses to the people advance the cause of Christ, and obtain the honour of martyrdom by standing in opposition to the world and the devil. After referring to the way in which the work had been kept np and the connecting links between the religious teaching of the ancient and modern Church, he asked what produced the Beformation but the knowledge of the Scriptures of God. How was it that Wickliffe first startled the public mind of England ? It was by translating the Scriptures from the learned tongues into English. That -same system of making known the treasures of Holy Writ was the real cause which enabled the Reformation to plant itself firmly in the free soil of England, and it was the basis of England's greatness, because it was the basis of England's virtues. It was impossible for any nation to be great unless it was spiritually true and good. The fear of'the Lord was the beginning of wisdom and "the secret of power. In that power England, under the good Queen Elizabeth, had been %bla to withstand all the force of Spain and her Armada, and vindicate the right of the people to liberty of thought and liberty to read the word of God in their own tongue. From that day to this, in Oxford and Cambridge and other Universities, the knowledge of the learned tongues had been kept up so that they were enabled to fight the good fight of faith and cast down the power the Papacy, and vindicate for Englishmen and Irishmen and Scotchmen the right in their own language to read the wonderful works of God. And in those days, when it was the pride-of life that every soul could be educated, add when this colony boasted of a valuable system of public instruction, could the clergy be expected to exercise a proper influence over the minds of the people unless the masses were convinced that they knew more than themselverr The more the wonders of the creation were laid open to the student, the more the intricaciefr-of the moral government of the universe were cleared away, the fears and doubts in men's minds would sooner be dispersed, and in order thit ministers should be able to guide men whose minds floated on a sea of speculation it was necessary that the clergy should be able to cope with the men of thought in various wtiks of science, whether moral or physical. Ignorance was not their safety; but the larger, the deeper, the profounder was their knowledge of God's works, the better wonld the clergy be enabled ta-- etand firm on the walls of Ziov, and put before men the remedy for all sorrows and evils—that Christ, who came into the world to gwa it light. He prayed that this little institution, tbe foundation-stone of which they had -been laying, might under the blessing *of G-od be instrumental in some degree in forwarding Sis great work. He was sure that there most be many persons in the colony who were unable to return to tbe great seats of learning ia Europe, yet yearned for that education which would fit them for taking holy orders. There were many to whom it was hard to -deny that opening to serve their God in their generation ; and when they considered that England herself, with her teeming millions, with ail -her powers, could not overtake the growth of ignorance, in. spite of the great efforts she had pat forth in the founding of many missioQary: dioceses, and when they also looked at -the; numerous appeals which were being made -to. her from all parts of the world for ministers,* it was foolish and blind on their part' not to take steps to supply the want of -ministers by seeking from their own ranks tie young who were piously disposed, and who •would give themselves to the ministry. Aided •by brethren from home they might in this way • establish a Chnrch which would be able to cope with and vanquish the workers of evil amongst them. He trusted this would be so, and humbly asked that a blessing might be granted on the •work, and he hoped that the hfearts of theChurch's friends in the colony would be. stirred in its behalf. Here he wtuld say that he owed a debt of gratitede to manj- old colonists.before whem he had brought the subject wfcea at home, and who had come forward iiberally to help in the w<t-k — men -not only of tiie Anglican communion, but of .other communions, who, seeing the necessity, had cheerfully and gladly given -their contrib&tions; for the benefit, -not only at the colony, but the Church of Christ. He -koped that the work which had been commenced would not languish for want of means., but thatAhe building.«7onld, like tbe Oatbedrai over tbe way, grow -slowly but surely towards -completion. In conclusion, be expressed a hope that the institution wculd prove useful to those wbo were aaxious to demote themselves to the .promotion a£ the honoar. of God's name. The proceedings then ierminatet - 