FETTEROGEAPHIC VERSIFICATION. The selected words were:—Name-ly, Nation al, Nature, New-s, Night, No, Noise, Noon, Nothing, Novel, Now, Number. We publish the following this week No, it was but a dream, A frightful noise that seemed to shake the very earth. " Things are not what they seem, But in that noon of night.' When nothi~g meets the sight, How nameless is the gleam, And novel all we hear of fitful fancy's birth. MoRrniA. The sun had set, the night was drawing nigli, When full of news, with humour running high, A number of young men marched through Bob's gate, And chatted with much notse. Bob waB their mate, A lad, by nature friendly and polite— Beloved bv all. His home looked cold ; no light Appeared, and nothing stirred around. A night-like silence banished every sound. Soon at the door they rapped. No answer came. "I have it now," cried one, " he sleeps. Oh, shame; He deeps and snores, the noise 1 plainly hear. Now as 1 listen well, that we are near He nothing knows; then let us rouse him well In rather novel style ; then in his cell We'll slip and hide, and sadly call his name, Then groan, and make strange noise, to tear bis frame From Hoipheus's grasp. Now to our work let's go, But mind, no haste, be cool, and murmur low." Anon young Bob awoke. " My word, 'tis night; But whence that noise I hear to left and right— Unearthly groans, mixed up with novel sounds Quite new to me ; by Jove full twenty pounds I'd give to know if nature nlays this trick. Art thou a ghost ? Oh! speak thy name, be quick. What nation doBt belong to ? Has thy life Been taken in its noon by friend or wife ? Speak, and no trouble I will Bpare to trace The vllIain'B name, and bring him face to face With law !" The answer came—" We number eight. And bring you news from town, oh, sleeping mate. House up ; no ghosts are we, but friends first-rate. J. G. Wankb. 'Tis the nature of youngsters, they say, To make as much noise as tbey can Nothing suits them so well as to play. And no stripling but thinks he's a man. B. S. S. How wonderful is night! No more the sun dispenses heat and light. Nature is hushed in sleep; Nothing disturbs the silence of the deep Expanse of heaven. Now stars Innumerable stud the sky. No jars, No rude discordant sounds Areheard. Nowtiom the vast, the utmost bounds Of space, the Name unsearchable resounds. 