AFFAIRS 3N AFGHANISTAN. The settlement of the Afghan em broglio was one of the most important difficulties which stared tho Gladstone Government in the face on its assuming office. The responsibility was promptly met, and with, tie appointment of the new Viceroy it became known that the British -would retire from the territory at the very .first moment such a step cou'd safely j be taken. The chief obstacle in the way of thi** policy waa the vacant { Amirahip, to which the claims of Abdur Rahman and' Yakub Khan were equally prominent This part of the question has received early settlement by the procla mation of the former under the. auspices of the British. It may be that the publication of the policy of the Gladstone Government lias hastened the consumma tion thuB far reached, but whether this ia so or not, the fact rema'na that the sub mission of Yakub Khan's principal ad herents has followed closely npon the announcement of the British decision. The qur3tion of the future Amir being thus settled, so far as England is con cerned, the next move will be the with drawal of the troops. According to recent telegraira this process is be^ng even now canicd out, and, in % few weeks at the furthest, the inhabitants of that prrt of Afghanistan which lies within the boundary ceded by treaty to Y'*knb Khfi will be left to tbeir own devices. The Bilt«»h troops will, however, for the present only retire is far as Kandahar, and pre*smr- ably their stay within the frontier line fixed by the negotiations antecedent to the massacre of Major Cavagnari wiU be determined by the course of event* in and around KabuL The new Amir bas much in h:t favour. Beaidc3 being a man of tried courage, tact, ?nd perseverance, he is the rightful be'r to the throne, his father being Mahommed Abzul Khan, the eldest son ai Dost Mahommed, whose claim was set iside on the death of that chieftain in Favour of Shir Ali, his half and younger brother, the father of the present Yakub Chan. He has been, it is true, the pensioner snd protege of Russia, but there will probably be little danger from mch relationship. The policy of the imir in the past justifies the belief that there will be more likelihood of his bidding for the favour of the present loniinant power than be guided by gratitude for past favours rcseived from the Muscovite. In fact, as Russia has plenty to do elsewhere, there is at pre ?ent little to be feared from her inter ference. Certainly tho contingency is far less to be apprehended than le chances of Abd?? Rahman proving unable to curb the turbulent inclinations of those chiefs who have ipparently sullenly submitted to h\3 lEcendancy. Yakub Khan was powerless to hold the reins of government, and if Abdur Rahman cannot maintain the position of Atd't, England will not lave gained much for the immense lacrince of blood pud treasure poured rat both before fid since the murder )f the British Resident at Kabul. Although for the present British troopa irill hold the frontier l'nes acquired by :he treaty of Gandamak, the question of -heir continuous stay is entrusted to the judgment of the Indian Viceroy. They are io left presumably as a means of moral support to the new Avir, but it is doubt :ul if their presence will materially assist turn, unless indeed any fresh outbreak is to be regarded as the signal for another idvance into Afghan territory. As this :ourse is not likely to be pursued we may ivell ask, 'What has the war done for either England or India ? Lord Hartington has ieclared that it is the opinion of the Government that the possession of the frontier adds nothing to the strength of India, and that its retention will be left entirely to be settled by Lord Ripon, upon the advice Df the best military authorities. The ^uasi possession of Kandahar is a legacy left by the late Government, but its retention will entail its permanent occu pation by British troops. The war bas certainly settled the question of the practicability of our suc cessful advance through the passes into Afghanistan, and that country will no longer be the bugbear it was ; but beyond this we have little to show for the victories of the English army. The knowledge that, whether England remains inside the frontier or abandons it, the old formidable passes in the hands of the present rulers of the country offer no material check to a British advance, may teach a salutary lesaon to theAfghana. The chief hope of any useful outcome to the war lies in the manner in which the cew Amir will act, not only in keeping the tribes in check, but in hia fidelity to British interests. As we have before said, his dalliance with Russia in the past is not likely to be an obstacle to his serving the Indian Govern ment, and he has little to gain by being faithless to the Power that has put him on the throne, and alone affords him security for continuing there. The choice of an Amir was certainly narrowed, there being virtually only two men who pos sessed the confidence of any great bodies of their countrymen. Of these one had been tried and found wanting at the very outset of his career, and the other had done very little to show his partiality for English rule. It will be a sorry result if his adoption a3 Amir should turn out as futile aa was the attempt to foist a British Resident upon Kabul under the auspices - of Yakub Khan. From whichever point of view the late war is regarded it presents unsatisfactory aspects. Although the best arrangement possible under the circumstances has been carried out, and although the Liberal Government have tried their best to undo the mischief perpetrated by their prede cessors in precipitating a war with Afghanistan upon the flimsy pretexts advanced at the time of the outbreak of hostilities, there ia at present little guarantee for either the permanent peace of Afghanistan or for the maintenance of thoroughly satisfactory relations between her and Great Britain. The Electobal Districts Bixl. — The residents of Gladstone afford a striking illustration of the truth of the well worn proposition that evil is but goodness turned into a wrong channel. Gratitude, ?whether for past favours or for those which are hoped for in- the future, is generally a right and honourable feeling ; but when it takes such a turn as it did at Gladstone on Friday it is not very commendable. At the tail end of a me sting called to consider the question of railway accommodation the Chairman made a reference to the Electoral Districts Bill, in which, ai course, Gladstone has a opecial interest Thereupon the Rev. J. Thome indulged in a most extra ordinary rhatisody, which will be found in another column. With him Gladstone is first, and the Constitution and, indeed, everything else ar« altogether subordi nate qiiestionsr Now, we do not deny the claims which Gladstone and other Northern localtiea may fairly urge for a readjustment of the electoral districts; but we altogether demur to the views of political morality and expediency which Mr. Thome proclaims with so much, fervour. It is possible to pay too dear for your whistle, even when the interests of Gladstone are at Btake. Nor do we see because the Government have made a wretched muddle of the Electoral Districts Bill that therefore the Assembly should sacrifice both its dignity and its rights in order that Gladstone may not sutler. Mr. Thome, however, holds other views, which are yet more startling than those to which we have already alluded. Ho thinks ' the residents in the North should tender their thanks to tho Hon. C. Mann for the wisdom arid courage ho had de ployed in the matter. ' ilr. Mann delibe rately breaks the solemn plcdgo he gavo le&s; than two months ago. In spito of repeated warnings he leads the Houso into a difficulty which he must have foro t-een. Two months ago he said his col leagues were with him in the stand he then took ; now he entirely reverses his policy, and he says some of his colleagues do not agree with him. Mr. T horna must have a grateful mind indeed if ho can see any wisdom in this. When the tiino comes to put his principles to the test the Treasurer coolly throws them nil', and so soon as the Legislative Cov-ncil shows fight he gives in without striking a blow. To discern courage in that must require a very peculipr mental orgairzation. Folly jvud cowardice would in our judgment bo more appropriate terms by wMch 'to characterize the action of the Treasurer ; but Mr. Thoir.e, and thoie 'who tb'nk with h;m, look at the question through the n-edium of the advan tages which they hope to secure. It is not often that we have such a melancholy but amusing instance of tho way in which even good euid well-meaning people are ready to sacrifice the general good for their own local interests. EariTT Coubt.— The Primary Judge will sit in Equity thia morning after the riniog of the Foil Court. He will deliver judgment in the rase of Bran v. Shierlock, and will heir the case of Cooper v. Cooper. Tub S.S. Sohata.— We are informed by Messrs. J. Stilling & (Jo. that the ??-. SoraU loft Plymouth st 1 p.m. on Saturday, July 24, with 318 passengers, and 108 tons cargo for Adelaide. The Chimesb Qcbstiok. — A public meeting of ratepayers and others i* to be held ia the Town Hall this evening for the purpose of con sidering Mr. Braj'a Bill for regulating tbu in troduction of Chinese into thia colony. LniBSTONB. — A motion was passed at the meeting of the City Council held on Monday, Jnly £6, instructing the City Surveyor to hive 2,000 jards of linipjtone raised from Botrden Hill forthwith, and that he should afterwards offer the stone for sale. Bechabitb and Tmipbbanck Hall, Gboth STEK1T.— A banquet in connection with tho opening of this ball took place in the building on Monday evening. About 120 persons sat down to an excellent repsat, and His Honor tho Chief Justice occupied the chair. Mr. David Nock was in the vice-chair. The toasts usually gives on such occasions were honoured, and the proceedings terminated st an eu-ly hoar. Thia evening the Rev. W. R. Flttcher, MAn will lecture in the hall. N*rw Ltgal Fibm.— Mr. William Pope has taken his brother, Mr. Thomas Pope, who was admitted to the bar on Saturday last, into part nership. The stjle of the firm will ba W.Jtl Pope. GovBBiruntT Tekdbbs,— The following ten ders were opened oa Monday, Jnly 26:— Eng7- ncer-in-Chief s Department.— Supply of l,00O' tone of coal at Port Adelaide (4), Nipper and Ses, lowest ; supply of 400 cnbic yards 2 j broken metal (4), W. Woollscott. Architect-in- Obier» Department. — Semaphore Po3t and Telegraph Office (7). James MnUin, lowest; Stockwell public gchcDl and tracher's residence (10), T. Burnett, lowest; Yankalilln— Repairs, he., to teacher's residence (2), R. Buchanan, lower;. Dairy Flak— Repairs to teacher's residence and public school, no tenders ; Truro — Repairs, &c;, to teacher's residence and publio school (4), A. Mnnro, lowest. Cbixeeb at the Mabo»rbt Eiveb. — A gentleman at Port Darwin, writing to a friend ia Adelaide, prognosticates a great rash of Chinese to the Northern Territory next season owing to the discovery of such a valuable alluvial gold field at the Margaret BJ?er. He says: — 'A* the Chinese are doing so well on the allnvial there will be a rush next wet season. One party of Cantonese got 4,000 ounces last week, and some very heavy nuggets are being turned out — one found on tbe 28th Jnne was valued at £1,150. There ia therefore every reason to believe that mining will take a rise once more.' Yocxo Men's Ciiiustiah Association.— At the invitation of the Board of Management of tha Young Men's Christian Association of Adelaide Mr. W. G. Marsh, General Secretary to the Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association, arrived on Sunday by the R.M.S. Assam, and will spend a fortnight in tbe colony, during which he will bold a serial of services, par ticulars of which have already been announced. To-night a welcome will be given to Mr. Marsh in tbe hall of the Association, Gawler-place. Apblatdb Stbamtug Oomtant.— Tha accounts of this Company for the half-year ending June 80 are very satisfactory. All the steatntugs and lighters have made a good profit over working expenses, tbeir earnings having been £9,593 Btairst £5.399, which i« the amount of the general charges, including all expenses of management. The balance to the credit is £4.825. The capital of the Company stands at £45,000, and the renewal and depreciation, whicn takes the place of a reserve fund, £3,000. Babqukt to tbb Mcmbers fob tub Stobt. — This evening a banqnet is to be given in the Goodwood Park Hotel to Hon. T. King (tho Minister of Education) and Mr. W. Townsend, the members for the Start Tbe latter gentle man has been a member of the House of Assem bly for over two and twenty yean in succession, and has represented tbe District of SJurt during the last four Parliaments. Eight-hours Movement. — A meeting of the members of the Port Adelaide Pioneer Bight hours Movement took place at the Duke oE Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday night, July 26. Mr. 8. Webster presided, and there was a large attendance. It was resolved to celebrate tbe anniversary of the Association this year on September 1. The Chairman, with Mr. Smyth as Secretary and Mr. J. R»nn as Treasurer, were appointed a committee to make arrangements for a demonstration at the Finery. The Chairman and Messn. Smyth aud Oyston were appointed a deputation to confer with the Adelaide Association on the date of the anniversary, an objection having taeo raised to September 1 as unsuitable. The meeting then adjourned, Thr CooKHBTCLisras.— Miss Fidler's Cookery classes will be held this morning at 10.30, instead of during the afternoon, as on tha previous occasions. Maeqtobasb Bali..— A maaquerado ball ia connection with tbe German Club took place in tbe Town Hall on Monday evening. The ball was largely attended, and dancing was kept up till an early hour this morning. Mb. Jtjbticb Hiommotham. — In referring to the elevation of Mr. George Higinbotham to tbe Judicial Bench of the Supreme Court of Victoria, the Argus remarks — ' His appointment will also go far to disprove the erroneous idea that the Attorney-General for the time being has the right to appoint himself to any judicial vacancy. No such, practice prevails in England, where the posts of law officers are filled by the leaders of the profession, and it world be absurd in a country like this, where the Dibit has bees to appoint as Attorney General those who have had no practice, and consequently little opportunity to learn their business.' i Gabbbb's Tbeathb.— There was a good atten dance at this placd of amusement on Monday evening, when the Mammoth Minstrels repeated their new programme to the satisfaction of those present. On Friday night Mr. T. Hudson, who joins ihe company in their homeward tour, will take a benefit. On that occasion there will be four corner men. namely Mesw». Brown, Bent, Hudson, and Wallace. Mr. Hudson proceeds to Ec gland in advance by tbe Liguria. --? River News. — The following were the height* of the rivers at the localities mentioned ss reported at the Telegraph Office at 9 a m. on Monday. July 2Q :— Murrumbidgee — Guu'Ugai 8 ft; Hay, 8 ft. ? in, ; Balranald, 12 ft. 4 in. Darling— Etrath, vt\y low; WilcannU, 3 ft.; Menindie, 14 ft, 1 iu.; Pooncarie, 14 ft 6 in.; Wentworth, 15 fr. Mnrnir- Bchnea, 23 fuj EustoD, 10 ft ; Overland Corner, U it. II iu. JsrsaiGJatssT of tot Distillation Act. — Another wine snd spirit merchant has had to pay the penalty of infringing the Distilla tion Act. William Milne, Jan., of Gren fell-street, tra charged st the Police Court on Monday morning with hiving in his possession label* appropriate and intended for the purpose of labelling bottles containing Bpirita without having the words ' Bottled ia Sooth Ansttalia' legibly printed upon them. The eviden- a of Edward Patterson Clarke, Inspector of Distilleries, wa? that he visited Mr. Milne's premises on June 13, and obtained labels for ' Dirk Brandy,' ' Fine Old Brandy Cogric,' 'Superior Irish Wh;*ky,' 'Incom- parable Ball Whisky,'1 ' Fine Old Brandy' (with an eagle}, and 'BIsquit, Dabouche, & Co.'s Cognac, Grand Champagne Vintage, 1335,' from the bottling department. He idd Mr. Milne he was infringing the Act by having the labels ia his possession, and he replied th*t the labels were not being used now, but that 'the firm bid used them formerly. The defendant showed him some slips with the words ' fottled in South Australia' printed on them, bat he was unable uj say whether the late Collector of Customs -had given permission to the defendant to cge up the old labels if these slips were placed underneath them. Mr. Downer contended tb%t the information should be dismissed on tVe groouds tb»t the Act was i ot meant to apply to foreign spirits, and tbit the intention en the pari of the defendant was cot proved. The Bench ruled otherwi;e, md Seed the defendant £20. Mr. Bcddome ref ax d to grant a crse. The:se prosecutions cannot fail to have a soluMiy effect in prevent n% evasions of the law which may readily be mide a cloak I or gross frauds. Scfbexb Cocht Brrnsos. — Mr. Justice Boncant sat ia the civil jurisdiction of the Supreme Coart on Monday. July 26, when three Special Juries were sworn-in to try three claim? for compensation for land taken by the Com missioner of Sewers under the Adelaide Sewera Act and the Crown Lands Consolidation Act. The claimants are George Laughton, of Ade laide, auctioneer, and Uriah Cheeleman Whittle, of Baroots, farmer, the former having one claim and the latter two. The cases were sot com* menced, it being necessary for the Juries t/i view the loci ia quo, which was done on Monday. Laughton's case was adjourned till this morning at 10 o'clock, and Whittle's cases till to-morrow, that affecting Section 392 to be taken at 10 o'clock, and that affecting Section 391 at 2 o'clock. The Full Court was to have sat at the rising of the Civil Court on Monday, hat owing to the anoence of the Primary Judge the sitting did not take place, and the delivery of the reserved judgments in Biggs v. McEUister and in Johnston v. New South Wales Marine .Assurance Company were postponed till this morning at half-past 10 o'clock. Thh SotrrHEPit Ixsunsxcs Compakt.— We have received the report of this Company for the half-year ending on June 30. The balance sheet shows the amount at credit of revenue and expenditure account at the doae of the half-year to b« £33,662 12s. lid., which it is proposed to apportion as follows :— To dividend, at rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £2^500 ; reserve fond, £5,000 ; balance carried forward to next account, £28,163 12s. lld=£?3,662 12*. lid. The reserve fund will then amount to £20,000. Mb. Peoctor at Poet £ delude.— A good audienca assembled at the Town Hall, Port, ou Monday night, July 28, to hear Mr. Proctor deliver his lecture on the ' Life and Death of a World,' which has been already reported at length. Mr. Proctor answered a question asked in the Register that morning. The question was in respect to the Moon, whether it was a planet and not merely a satellite of the Earth, as the moons of Jupiter and Saturn were of those planets respectively. The reply was in the affirmative, though the Moon muse be con* sideitd as a companion planet of tlie Earth, whose movements were alike directed by the Sun. The lecturer -as awarded hearty cheers on the completion of his lecture. Hajilht Mesixo Costpamt. — We have ra ceived the report of the Directors of this Company for the half-year ending, on June 30. Tbe proceeds of the ore told daring that period t mounted to £10,832, against which working expenses have been £7,830. The assets are set down at £20,959 and the liabilities at £1,262, having a balance of £19,697. A dividend of St. per share is declared, which will be paid on August 2. We extract the following from the Captain's report on the mine: — 'During the past six months we have delivered to the Wal laroo Smelting Company and the English sad Australian Copper Company 1^83 tons 10 cwt. of copper ore, averaging 17| per cent., and 98 tons 8 cwt. of slimes, worth 11 per cent, making a- total of 1,479 tons 18 cwt. gross weight We have now £00 tons of ore on the mine, dressed, worth fully 17 per cent, which can be sampled at any time; also, 10 tons of slimes, worth 11 per cent, and 50 tons of ore at surface and underground, broken, worth 17 per cent, when dressed, abo 600 tons of slimes, worth 4 per cent, sot dressed. The quantity of ore raised in the last six months is 1,538 tons 18 cwt., gross weight The number of persons now employed on the mine is 167.- namely, 84 on tntwork, 25 on tribute, and 58 employed on surface on sundry work. The machinery throughout the mine is in good order, and doing its work satisfactorily. From the present appearances of the mine I think that oar re turns for the next six months will be similar to what they have been in the last six months, and, should copper advance a little in price, we could then let several tribute pitches which are now idle. This would materially increase the returns.' Technical Education fob Mechanics asd Apphfmices. — A deputation, consisting of Messrs. S. DaveBport (President), Jas. Duncan, (Vice-President), and J. F. Conigrave (Secre tary), waited on the Minister of Education on Monday afternoon, on behalf of the Chamber of Manufactures, and presented a memorial, urging ujon the Gavecrment the desirability of esta blishing a system of technical education for me chanics and apprentices. The deputation pointed out the advantage that would accrue if artisins generally had an opportunity of gaining know ledge of the application of the principles of technical and mechanical science to their daily work. The Minister promised that the Govern ment would render what assistance they could bit her through the Institute or the Education Department. Meanwhile they would consider the matter, and submit a definite proposal to the Chamber of Manufactures as to what course they would pursue on tbe Chamber finding th*; sufficient artisans took an interest in the matta to join the classes which it was proposed to start. Theaxrb Boyaz. — Another grand house at the Theatre Koyal greeted tbe repetition of ' Ha inlet' hist evening. The business was some what more smoothly got through than on Satur day evening, and the leading points of the tragedy, particularly those in which the Prince is prtsent, were received with enthusiasm. When Mr. Fairclough was in Adelaide last the appearance of the spirit of Hamlet's father ia form was omitted, and the innovation seemed & sensible one, but he has evidently not found Chat the average playgoer cares for the' tragedy without it, and has therefore returned to the conventional Ghost. CoKPLniBSTART DnnreB,— On Friday evening last tbe employes of the firm of A. Jones and Sons, to the number of fifty, entertained the late senior partner, Mr. Andrew Joaea, at a dinner at the German Club. Mr. Onto. Ellis, who has been in the firm's employ far the last twenty-five years, occupied the chair, and pro posed the chief toast of the evening, that of \- Tbe Guest.' After speaking of the rise and progress of the business, which he had watched for «o many years, he presented to Mr. Jones, on behalf of the employes, an address, which was elaborately got up by Mr. Vivian Thomas. Mr. Jones expressed his surprise at the action of the men iu honouring him that evening in the way they had done. He thanked them for their kind feelings towards him, and spoke of the lengthened term of his successful business life, which he could not have accomplished without the help of his sons, who bad also borne the burden and heat of tbe day. He could now fully leave the business in their hands. Tbe health of the new firm was pro pojed, to which Mr. Henry Jones responded. Various other toasts were proposed, besides which the evening was enlivened by singing and recitations. Ceambbb or MANTTACTTTKR9.— A meeting of the committee of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on Wednesday, July 21. There were present— Hessrs. Davenport (President), Duncan (Viee-Presldent), Macdonald, Gall, Sawtell, Forwood, Johnson, and Ccnigrsve (Secretary). An apology was m*d-- for the absence of Mr. B. I*. Me'.Ior. Accounts to the amount ot £74 is. 10d, were passed for payment. A letter was read from the Commissioner uf Crown Laudf, forwarding a copy of the London Royal Agricultural Society's catalogue ut fits! ptiza machinery, which had been re rrivtd Jrora the- Agent - GenenL To be ?ckcowledge with thinks. The draft annul repcrt was further considered. It was resolved '?» bold the annuai seating on Friday, July 30. Tbe committee agaiii as- 5 'ou Monday. July 23, wren there were present— Messrs. Davenport iPitsideut), Duncan (Vice-president), Mao i-cnMd, Forwood, Mellor, Hardy, Dobbie, and th? i-cret»ry. An apology was made for the atserre'of Mr. Gall. A 'letter was received from Mr. A.M. Simpson resigning his position ss comnutteeman in cotsequenc* of the pressure if other tngigementii. The resignation nn »rwpt»iJ with regret. The draft annual report -«. 'nrther cotsiderec', and *~th amsiidiQentJ ?dopted Mr. Bthhbtt*s GATHiEisas.— Mr. Matthew Burnett conducted his second of the second series of meetings for ' Women only7 on Monday after noon in the Wesleyan Church, P:rie-»treet. There was a large gathering from the city and snburbs. The Rev. J. McEwin informed those present that Mr. Burnett, though present, was unwell ; that he had come from his bed to be preheat at that meating. He (Mr. McEwin) would, under the circuirstau' es, a33is£ Sir. Earnett. The programme of the m- eticg was as follows : — Mrs. Slows sing 'He is despised7' with great feeling. This was followed by a reading by tbe Rev. J. McEwin from 'Dr. Talmase.' A quartette — ''Pilgrims of the night' — by Mesdames Whelan, Slows, Mbses Vandepeer and Stevens was very efficiently rendered. Miss Vandepeer sang (by request) 'The lost chord,' and ?was very successful. Mrs. Wheeler sang Miss Iinosay's well-known song, '.Resignation,' which was evidently enjoyed by the meeting. Six. Burnett delivered part of his address on the ' Great Crowd of Difficulties.' He spoke of the steady progress of the crusade in and around the city. Some of his lady helpers had informed him that wherever they went they found whole families had become pledged abstainers, and others long enslaved by tbe chains of intem perance were free, and their homes were centres of happiness and domestic love. Mr. Burnett spoke of the hundreds of women in modern times who, whilst convinced of the mcessity of identifying themselves with various works of philanthropy and temperance yet anticipated eo many mountain difficulties in their way as to csuse them to imperil their moral and social influence. These would feijn have their names associated with such self sacrificing women as Florence Nightingale Amis Macpherson, and other*, bat they were not prepared to make tbe sacrifice required. Mr. Burnett showed how the same remark applied to the benign blessings of our common Christianity. The pattern was before r%— tbe incalculable boon arisirg from, alliance with Him and humanity, but tbe great crowd of difficulties presented themselves, and many in consequence failed in their endeavours. The faith of the woman and her per severance were specially dwelt upon, and then the practical lesson was drawn. A striking illustration was given of a Christian woman, who by her uniform consistency and unswerving adherence to her principles won her husband from intemperance aud sin. The mothe.-j present were encouraged to persevere in' their work at home until eventually their efforts would be crowned with success. Mr. Lewis presided at the organ. Tbe Rev. R. M. Hunter closed tha meeting, one of the most interesting of the series. The lady secretaries reported no less than 110 names to the women's crusade during the week. Mr. Burnett intimated! ;thit his juvenile meeting would be held at the Town Hall next Monday afternoon. New OorsciL Chakbbb amd Suppbe-eooh. — At the meeting of the City Council, held on Monday, July 26, Councillor Buik moved — 'That in the opinion of this Council it is desirable that steps should at once be taken to erect the proposed new Council Chamber and supper-room at the rear of the Tawn HalL*] He referred io the fact that there was no room in the city suitable for holding suppers in, and showed that the revenue derived from the rental of the Town Hall and refreshment- room during tbe past year had been £1,004. He also alluded to the necessity of not allowing the land belong ing to the Corporation to lie idle. Councillor Hagedorn seconded. A letter from Messrs. Wright & Beed, architects, stated that tha cost of the erection of the two rooms would be £6,780. The majority of the Councillors thought that there were no funds available at the present time for such s work, and after the motion had been amended by deciding that the matter should be referred to the Town Hall Committee, Councillor King moved — 'That the i-atter be not entertained at the present time,' which was carried. CosvAUtscBKT HosFiTAi..— The annual meat ing of subscribers to the Convalescent Hospital at St. Margaret's was held in one of the rooms of the Town Hall on Monday, July 26, Wn Excellency Sir W. Jervois presiding. A report and balance-sheet for the past year, both of a very satLsfftcrory character, were presented and adopted, and a committee and Hon. Tre&iurer; elec-ed; Mrs. H. D. (yHalloran being the Hon. Secretxry. A copy of the annual report, with information appended relative to the privileges of butacribers, is to be forwarded to all ministers of religion in the colony, so that they may be able to give advice to tbxne seeking admission for friends to the institution. The work of this useful institution is hardly known to the general public of the colony, but it does a large amount of good in an unosten tatious manner. Several years have passed since the main portion of the hospital was erected, and since then two wings have been added. The first one was built by Mrs. B. W. Andrews in_ memory of her late husband, and the com mittee, thinking it well to give the struc ture a uniform appearance, decided sotna ten months ago to erect a correspoading wing on the north side. The contract waj taken by Messrs. Barge k Kestel, the tender amounting to over £600. The wing was finished about a month ago, and the addition has greatly im proved the appearance of the Home. It is built of Dry Creek stone with ecnent dressings, and has a very substantial appearance. The extra accom modation afforded will be two dormitories, con taining eight and six beds respectively, a kitchen, and scullery. Every convenience is given in the shape of lavatories, &c.; Each room ia 13 feet high, while one dormitory measures 24 x 17 feet, and the other ;17 x 16 feet. ^Messrs. Esglish& Soward were the architects. The totil cost of the whole of the building has been over £2,500. No donations have been received towards the erection of the new wing, but the cost has been provided front the funds of the Home. It is strange that the institution is not more largely availed of by convalescents, as the comforts there are very great, and the situation nioafeiealtby. The present number of inmates is only seven, while there is accommodation for twenty-eight. Fibb is the Tatiaea Di3trict.— On Friday, July 16, Mr. T. Adamson held an inquest on a fire which occurred on the previous day on the premises of Samuel Penny, a resident on Section 247\. in the Hundred of Tatiara. The evidence went to show that on the day in question Mr. Penny bad been burning some rubbish on bis premises, and that after he had, as he believed, extinguished the fire, he placed some dr.mp siraw over it in order to prevent the possibility of its again breaking out Some time after this as he was near the spot he heard a crackling noise, and turning round saw that a stack ot about twenty tons of hay was on fire. The rubbish that he had been burning was some forty yards from the stack, and a -strong wind wai blowing ia a westerly direction, ie., a direction which would render it possible for sparks, if there were any, to be blown icto the hay, as the rubbish was still in a Bmouldering condition. It had been raining during the day, and rain was falling at tbe tiire the lire was first noticed. Efforts were made to e xtiDguish the flames, but the fire had got too good a bold for these to be of any avail. The stack was insured in the Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company for £210, and the hay was Kt-rth£3 10s. per ton. The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that there was no evidence to show how the fire originated, and added a licVr censoring Penny for his carelessness in lighting a fire so near the stack. Ijecttbb by thh Rev. D. Patow. — A lecture, the subject of which was 'John Knox: his Life and Times,' was delivered at Chalmers Church, North-terrace, by the Rev. D. Paton, 1LA.. B.D., on Monday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. D. Tweedie. The lecturer gave an interesting account of the life of the great Scottish reformer from his schoolboy days up wards, the strange vicissitudes of his earlier life, and the remarkable earnestness and power of his preaching. A vote of thanks to the lecturer snd the chairman closed the proceedings. CoinrBBCLtx Bask, Gladstosb.— The busi ness of the Commercial Bank at- Gladstone, which has hitherto been conducted in an iron building, has now been removed to the corner of East-terrace and Cross-street, where a build ing has been altered and renovated for the purpose. It is one of the bert business sites in the town. The building is of stone, with cement dressings. The interior is well finished and handsomely fitted with cedar and Huon pine counters, &c.; Besides the office and Bank parlours there are two rooms for the Manager. The staff took possession of the new premises on Friday. In tbe evening a dinner was given in the Commercial Hotel in celebration of the event. . Mr. Mclaehlan, Manager of (the branch, occupied the chair, and Mr. H. W. Hughes, of Bcoyoolie, tha vice-ch«ur. Mr. O'Halloran, Manager of the Commercial Bank, and a large lumber of residents were present. Several complimentary toasts were honoured, acd ^the ae*ticg brolio up st an early hour. Discovert of HcmakBhmaixs.— The remains found a few days ago behind some houses oppo site tha Bristol Tavern, Franklm-street, have been snbmitted to examination by Dr. Corbio, at the request of the Oiiy Ooroaer, acd he reports that there are a number of huro«n vertebral bones, some fragments of flat bone, and jart of a human sknll broken into several pieces The latter we sufficient to show, in bains placed into position, by the facial angle, that the skull is that of an aboriginal. S3- Xr. J»mes H P«t »Uhes to c»U special atten tion to bis «-»le TtJ» D»y. »t 2 o'clock, st Messrs. Foimby & Boase's Bmomk. of s number ot Draatfu. Thoroughbred, and Roadster Sntires andDranzat and Brood Mares. See Advertisement!. tST 'Weare instructed by Mr. T. H. Ayliffe to call special attention to his Auction Sale, at mlddav on Thnrsdiy. Jus? 9. at KoWjisod's Yanlx, B»l»VH»v of Z.K0 W. £?-*, well woolled, bo prime Ut Bollocks, and 40 Steen specially selected for yoke. * 