[?] On Wednesday next Mr. Bray will move in the Assembly for leave to introduce a Bill to extend the jurisdiction of Local Courts. Messrs. J. Stilling & Co. have received intimation that the Garonne passed Breaksea, Western Australia, at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, August 18. Private letters from Mauritius state that there is a probability of the Messagerie Mari time Company running their steamers on from that island to the Australian colonies. The new dock at Fort Adelaide received I its first wool ship on Wednesday evening,. 1 August 11, the Gollingrove, being sent in by I Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. | The residents of Yorketown have memo- j rialised the Government to have a casualty ] hospital established in that township, and the Government have agreed, in the event of tb& memorialists starting a cottage hospital, j to supplement the money raised pound for ] pound in the usual way. j Mr. L. GK Madley, principal of the ; Training College, who has been suffering from : severe indisposition, has been granted leave of absence, and intends to proceed to England by the steamship Potosi on August 28. We under stand that his trip will occupy about six months. The Government have appointed a board to enquire into the charges which have been made against Mr. Joseph Boothby, C.M.G., the late Under-Secretary . The board is to consist of Colonel Downs, Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., and Mr. Bonney (inspector of credit selections ) Mr, J. Rounsevell is to move in the House ?of Assembly on Wednesday next for a return showing the total Government liability under the Civil Service Act to June 30 last, or the amount that all the civil servants would have been entitled to claim on retiring from the service up to that date, and the annual increase for the previous two years. A short time since we announced that a small party of men were working on a gold reef near Mount Pleasant, and were getting very encouraging prospects. News has lately been re ceived that returns obtained lead them to believe the country in that neighborhood is rieh in the precious metal, and they intend seeking assis tance to open up their discovery by forming a company to work it. The anniversary services of the Smith field Presbyterian Church were commenced on Sunday, August 15. The Rev. J. Mitchell, of Clare, preached in the afternoon and evening to good congregations. On Monday a tea meeting was held in the church, after which the Rev» R. W. Campbell, Wesleyaa Minister, Gawler, delivered his popular lecture on u Robert Burns' to an appreciative audience. The proceeds of the services were in aid of the church funds. Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P. for Flinders, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Friday, August 13, and presented three numerously* signed memorials— two for repairs to roads in the Hundreds of Arkaba, Wirreanda, Uroonda, Yedsalue, and Yanyarrie, and one for a station and goods shed at the siding three and a half miles north of the township of Kanyaka. The Commissioner promised to get immediate re ports from the Engineer- in-Chief , and take such action as might be deemed necessary. The memoers of the Masonic craft of the IriBh Constitution held a meeting at the Alfred Masonic Hall, Waymouth-street, on Wednesday evening, August 18, for the purpose of considering the advisability of erecbing a new hall. Revised plans of the proposed build ing were placed before the meeting and favor ably commented on. It was unanimously resolved that the construction of the new hall should be proceeded with as speedily as pos sible. The Congregationalists of Port Adelaide have decided to ask the Rev. J. O. Kirby, who is at present in Victoria, to become the pastor of their church. The Rev. Mr. Kirbyhas for the last few years been engaged with much success in church extension work in the other colonies. Since the death of the Rev. M. McKinnon Dick the Congregational Church at Port Adelaide has been without a pastor, the pulpit being filled by ministers from other churches. Daring the month of July Mr. Kirby officiated. 'The good prospects obtained at the Margaret rush, in the Northern Territory,' writes the South -Eastern Star of Friday,. August 13, ' is attracting considerable atten tion in the Mount Gambier district, and several residents intend to start for the North to try their fortunes at the mines. Last week Mr. May left this town, his destination being the Margaret rush, and on August 12 Mr. W. Jones, son of Mr. Jones of H.M. Custom*, MacDonnell Bay, left Mount Gambier for the new Eldorado.' The Hon. J. Colton presented the follow ing petition, signed by 6,975 {'mothers, wives,, and daughters,' to the Assembly on Tuesday afternoon : — ' Your petitioners believe that the closing of public-houses during the whole of Sunday would be more in harmony with public sentiment and conducive to the well-being of the State, the peace and good order of the com munity, and the comfort and security of our homes. We therefore pray your hon. House to amend the Licensed Victuallers Bill so as to make compulsory the closing of public-houses, during the whole of Sunday,' The foundation-stone of the new post office at Nuriootpa was laid on Tuesday after noon, August 17., by Mr. Chas. Beck. There was a large gathering of people, and the ceremony was of an interesting character. A procession was formed opposite the institute at half-past 4 o'clock, and headed by Mr. R. Gilgan's brass band the company marched to the site of the new building, where Mr. Bock made an appropriate speech, and then laid the stone. Refreshments were handed round, and the Nuriootpa Quartette Verein sang some excellent quartettes, and the- « band played several selections of choice music. A deputation waited on the Attorney General on Friday, August 13, when Messrs. R» D. Ross, M.P., and L. Furner, M.P., presented a memorial from the residents of Wallaroo stating that the memorialists viewed with satis faction the probability of the Government carrying so useful a measure as the District Courts Bill, and praying that in the event oi it becoming law a court might be established at Wallaroo. The Attorney-General replied that if the District Ceurts Act was passed it vras the intention of the Government to eatahliah a. court at Wallaroo. ftespectingihe cinchona cure for drunken ness Dr. Charles W. Earle, writing in the Cu cago Medical Journal, Bays — ** I do not say that not a single person to whom this drag has been administered has stopped the use of liquors; but I do say that not' one with whom I have come into contaot has, and in many cases its use has rekindled an old desire which by resolu tion and education had been nearly conquered. I do not say that in every case following the administration of this nostrum injury to th& patient has come ; but I do say that in every case which has fallen under my observation this hasbeen the result.' On Thursday afternoon, August 12, the police reported to the city coroner (Mr. Thos. Ward, J.P.) that an aged woman named Bridget Hillery had died suddenly in the midday Northern train, on the way between Rivertonv and Salisbury. The body was removed to the deadhouse. Among other papers a certificate from Dr. Harvey, of Auburn, was found, stating: that the deceased was a sufferer from acute bronchitis, and was a fit subject for admission to the Adelaide Hospital. No inquest wa» held. Dr. Cawley and Dr. Harvey havine certi fied that the cause of death was bronohlns. It is satisfactory to learn that the fruits preserved by the Northern Preserving Company, under the management of Mr. A, Forbes, of near Sudunda, are coming into great favor. The Kapunda Herald has seen a letter from a Go ARK vernment surveyor engaged up North, whnh states: — 'The tinaed fruits preserved by the Northern Preserving Go. are now all the go up here. They Are rapidly cutting out the imported bottled traits. They are first-class. All the eamps go in for them in preference to the bottled.' Mr. Forbes is to be congratulated upon the success which has attended this new branch of industry. The Glare paper states that an accident occurred on Monday, August 9, to Mr. Hutchins, about four miles north of Yacka, While travelling in a cart drawn by two horses the ore in the outrigger fell, capsizing the rehicle and breaking the axle and shaft. Hutchins was thrown out, and had his arm broken. He was taken to Yacka, and thence to Clare, where he received surgical attendance. While being brought into Glare on Monday night he was again .capsized opposite the raoe conree, owing to the. very bad state of the road there. Fortunately there was plenty of mud to fall iuto, and no fuiher injury or damage was done. The police have received information of ibe disappearance of a man named Edward Ai--lrt-.vs, a laborer, twenty-seven years of age. Be was last seen near Bisinarck, in the Hun dred ol Goyder, on the 27th of June, and has tot siuce been heard of, although he is well feiiowu to the farmers in me locality. When he )elt Bismarck he gave no reasons for his depar ture, and left his things behind him. Andrews, who is a Londoner, arrived in the colony ab iut four years ago. He is five feet foar inches high, of stout bmld, fair complexion, with light brown tair, whiskers beard, and moustache, and grey eyes. He has a split on the first joint of the left thumb, and very bad teeth. Any informa tion with respect to Andrews can be sent to the superintendent of police, Adelaide. On Thursday morning, August 12, the city coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Adelaide Hospital on the body of a child named Grace Chambers, who died at that in stitution on the previous morning. It appeared that the mother of deceased left the child at home by herself on Tuesday morning, and on returning -a quarter of an hour after wards found the Toom full of smoke, and the child1 sitting on a bed with the back part of her clothes on fire. After simple remedies bad been applied the child was re moved to the hospital, where she subsequently died from the effects of the burns she had sus tained. A verdict of accidental death was re turned. The anniversary services of the Primitive Methodist Church,Tytite-8treet, North Adelaide, were commenced on Sunday, August 15, when three sermons were preached by the Revs. J. G-. Wright, L. 6. Carter, and W. Diment to large and appreciative audiences. On Monday a very successful tea meeting was hid at which nearly 200 persons sat down. At the public meeting which followed Mr. S. Bake well presided. Tne Bev.W. Diment, pastor of the church, read the treasurer's balance-sheet, which showed that the income during the year had been £281 13s. «6d.* and the expenditure, including £140 paid off the debt, was £307- The congregation and church membership »..were steadily . increasing. Interesting and profitable addresses were given by the Revs. J. S. Wayland, J. Gv Wright, and Ii. G. Garter. The proceeds of the services amounted to about £50. Daring a scrimmage at a football match on Wednesday, August 11, at Wallaroo, a youth Darned Hulla, of KacLina, received a severe blow on -3ie left eyebrow ' by coming into violent collision with another player. The flesh' above the eye was completely cut about half an inch in length, by the bone which surmounts the eye. The blood began to flow freely, and the sufferer immediately left the ground to have the wound dressed. The accident occurred in a most singular manner. Hulla was running tojget the ball, and one of the players on the same side was coming to meet him with a view of getting 'a mark' for goal, when an opponent rushed between the two, and while he was in the act of seizing the ball in a stooping position the two friends literally cannoned over his back— eye- brow sgainst forehead. Beyond the shock and an unsightly bump the other player sustained bo injury. With respect to the case of Mr. G. Stanley, who was committed to prison by two justices at Fowler's Bay, on a charge of cutting the telegraph wire between there and Eucla, his defence being that he was perishing from hunger and thirst, and resorted to that expedient in order that he might be succored by the repairers, who would of course be sent promptly to mend the line, and who has been released by order of the. Governor of the province from the Fort Lincoln Gaol, the Bev. A. Stubbs, on behalf of the late prisoner, returns hia earnest thanks to His Excellency and to Messrs. Rose, Kapley, the Bev. Mr. Mather, and others who took so kindly an interest in him after his release. In answer te a question that has been asked as to how, if Stanley were so weak as represented when found by the line repairers, he could travel forty miles next day, Mr. Stnbbs gives the simple and satisfactory explanation that the exhausted man travelled in a buggy. The half-yearly meeting of tne Coast Steamship Company was held at the officeof the secretary, Mr. G. R. Selth, Port Adelaide, ou Friday afternoon, August 13. There was a good attendance of shareholders. Mr. C- J. Fenny (chairman of directors) presided. The diiectors in their report congratulated the shareholders upon -the ? successful results of the steamers' working daring the half - year, especially considering the depression that bad existed in the shipping trade lately. The re ceipts for tiie six months had been £1,615, and the expenses £962 5s. 7d., leaving a balance to the good of £652 14s. 5d. Out of this sum the directors proposed to pay a dividend of ten shillings per share, and carry the remainder on to the reserve fund. The report 'was adopted. Messrs. C. L. Luehrs and J. Yeo, the retiring 'directors, were re- elected. It was stated that the machinery of the steamer Ceres had that day been overhauled 'by the Marine Board sur veyor, and pronounced to be satisfactory. A poll of the citizens was taken at the -Council Chamber, Town Hall, on Friday, August 13, to decide whether the City Council should *be empowered to borrow £15,000 for the pur pose of constructing a dam across the River Torrens. The poll was demanded at a meeting ? of citizens, neld in the Town Hall on the pre vious Monday evening, when a resolution was ?carried in favor of the proposal of the City -Council that a loan of £15,t)00 should be floated for the object indicated. That the decision then arrived at was in accord with the general feeling ?of the ratepayers on the subject appeared to be amply shown by the result of the polling. From 10 a.m. till 4 pm, the boors between which the polling took place, 849 ratepayers recorded their votes, the result being as follows — For the loan 700 citizens recorded 2,948 votes ; against 149 citizens recorded 619 votes, leaving a ma jcrity in favor of the council's proposal of 2,329. The new bridge over the River Torrens at Bindmarsh was formally opened for the use of tbe public on Saturday, August 14. Tfte Com missioner of Public Works performed the cere mony in the presence of a large assemblage, and named the bridge the Hindmarsh Bridge. The new structure is an iron bridge of three spins, the principal measuring 60 feet in length, and the other two 30 feet each. The roadway is 35 feet in width, or nearly three times that of the old Thebarton Bridge, which formerly occupied the same site. The structure has cost about £7,000 in all. The name of the bridge was altered by the Commissioner of Public Works in accordance with the request of the Hind marsh Town Council. After the opening cere mony a dinner was given in the Institute Hall, Hindmarsh, by the mayor of the town (Mr. Jonah Mitton), and a aumber of toasts appro priate to the occasion were honored. The Com missioner of Public Works, in responding to the toast of the Ministry, alluded to the recent attacks ; made on ; the Government on the grounds of vacillation' and want of backbone, and defended them against the accusation of change of front. The monthly meeting of the Committee of the Public Teachers' Association was held oa Saturday, August 14, in the Oddfellows* Hall. There were present— Messrs. J. Griffiths (chair man), W. Jemson, T. Noye, A. -Willber, W'. Donnell, C. A. Kyd, T. W. Walters, and T. Peiree {secretary). An apology was received fromMr. 8. P. Wilson, treasurer, .Theohairman reported with refereuoe to the Publip Teachers' Mutual Assurance! 'Society, which had been formed to supersede the benevolent ecnenae, that a letter had been received from the Inspector General notifying that in the event of the society being formed deductions would be made every quarter by the department from the subscribers. It was resolved that the rules of the new society should be printed and sent to the teachers. Letters were received from teachers respecting the benevolent scheme. The secretary reported that the circulars had been issued to the teachers. It was decided that the Mutual Assurance Society be considered formed ' from the date of posting the rules. It was also decided that the half-yearly or special meeting, to be held shortly, should be for the purpose of considering and confirming the re vised rules of the Public Teachers' Association. ' Residents of the quiet township of Bosaville, near Mount Gambler, have,' says the South- Eastern Star ef August 17, *' been startled during the past week by the nightly appearance of a ghost. The nocturnal visitor assumed the form of a young girl, draped in what appeared to be a white shroud. Children were frightened, and a few older heads.believing that the departed are allowed to revisit the earth, were fearful that some crime had been perpetrated, and that tbe embodied spirit of the victim was permitted to haunt the vicinity. Others of a more prac tical turn of mind looked upon the matter as a hoax, aBd one resident who had no faith in supernatural visitation decided to test whether it was a spirit 'doomed for a certain term to walk the night, and for the day confined to fast in fires,' or some resident of the neighborhood playing a practical joke. On Friday night he therefore laid in wait, and when the nocturnal visitant appeared made a dash forward, and found that his arms encircled the form of a young girl, daughter of a neighbor, who was en veloped in a sheet, instead of a disembodied \- spirit. The practical joker was conveyed home and cautioned against repeating her folly.' ' As another instance of the reliance to be_ placed on Ministerial promises,' the fort Augusta Dispatch 'submits the matter of the dredger for Port Augusta. Up to date not a cent has been expended on dredging the harbor, whilst less important ports have had enormous sums apportioned to them for general harbor improvements. It is long since we received a ' definite jJromise from the Government that a dredger would be located at our port without delay. No dredger has put in an appearance yet, and we find from a question submitted to the Hon. Treasurer by Mr. Oooke that 'it is (devoutly) hoped that the dredger will be ready for use in about six months.* This is almost add ing insult to injury. If the definition of * with out delay* according to the Ministerial lexicon is given as a period of six months' duration, we may very fairly estimate that 'about six months' meaHs twelve months at least. This question of dredging is a serious one to us, and it is decidedly unfair that we Bhould be snubbed as we have undoubtedly been about it. Isthereno ingenuous ness extant in the Ministerial ranks? And are we to submit to a * pettifogging' (to quote Sir Henry) style of conducting the grave and weighty business of the State? We should take immediate steps to give united expression of our feelings of indignation at tbe manner in Which the question has been handled.' ! Mr. Thomas Graves, who arrived by the Kaisar-i-Hind from the old country about three weeks ago, after an absence of some eleven jjears from the colony, represents the South Australian Land, Mortgage, and Agency Com pany (limited), which was formed in London last June, just before he sailed for Adelaide. The directors are Messrs. W. Richardson, C. J. Hegan,W. B. McGavin, H. J. Norman, Fredk. Walters, and T. Graves. The capital is £1,000,000, in £10 shares, of which £l has been paid on application and allotment, and another £1 will probably be called np shortly, and aiore as required. It is intended, however, always to leave a large balance noi called up, and issue fresh shares rather than reduce this balance too much, it being naturally thought desirable that persons intrusting their interests with the com pany should know that they have ample security. Mr. Graves is appointed Adelaide director, still retaining his seat on the London board, and is empowered to appoint two other directors to act with him here. He has £50,000 as a first instal ment to operate upon, and the company would have commenced business in Adelaide before npw had this not been prevented by the fact that some necessary documents were through some accident taken on by the Kaisar-i-Hind to Mel bourne, and have not yet been recovered. The anniversary tea and public meetings of the Baptist Church, Mitcham, were held on Tuesday evening, August 17. There was a large attendance, the church, which was decorated with flowers and boughs, being full. Mr. F. Hagedorn, of Adelaide, occupied the chair. In the absence of the secretary and treasurer, their reports were read by the pastor, the Bev. J. Gray. The former report showed that 12 members had been added to the church, chiefly through the revival of prayer meetings; that one had left, and that there were now altogether 62 members. During the past year a manse had been erected at a cost of £523 18s. 5d., the land on which it stood having been presented by Me. G. Prince. Of this sum £93 6s. 6d. had been paid, leaving a debt of £130 11s. lid., and Messrs. Anderson and Prince had promised to subsidise, by an equal amount, any money which might be raised during the coming yeas. The treasurer's report showed that £231 18s.$d. had been received during the year, and that there was a present balance of £8 15s. 7cL Mr. Gray then read a note from the Rev. L. G. Carter apologising for non-attendance, after which the Bev. H. Hussey delivered an address on 'The church.' The Bev. S. Fairey and Mr. G. Prince also addressed the meeting. At intervals be tween theapeeches pleasing selections of music were rendered by the choir. The total amount raised through the tea and a collection which was made during the evening was about £21. A gentleman in Adelaide who has a brother at the Teinora diggings, in New South Wales, has recently received a letter from that relative; and as the writer's state ments maybe regarded as reliable we give a few extracts from the communication, which may prove of value to persons who contemplate a visit to the new rush. The letter is dated August 7, and the writer says : — ' I would have written to you sooner, but I wanted to have a good look around and see if there were any * good things' about. Upon mature considera tion I have no hesitation in saying the Temora rush is a comparative failure. Two grains to the dish is considered good, the said two grains only to be got after sinking from seventy to 90 feet. The sinking is not bad, but the wash is very mullocky and takes lots of sluicing, which is I can assure you a considerable item, as water is awfully scarce just now, ia fact we are paying 3d. a bucket for it. There are about 10,000 men on the ground, and as a natural consequence when any new report gets into the camp there is a general stampede for the lccality ; the newspaper correspondents send word to their respective journals, and next day it appears with a cap heading— * A new rash, &c.;' They forget to write how many new rushes are duffered out. I have no hesitation in saying not one-third of the camp is on gold ; there are a few good claims, but I do not think there are any golden ones. I shall not throw it up until I have done a few weeks' prospecting.' ' Th© practical benefits arising from the action taken by Messrs. Duffield & Co., in con* section with affording their employes cfeeap meat,' writes the Gawler Bunyip, 'are auch that we cannot pass, them over with a mere re cord of the actual facts. The profits arising from the sale of meat have amounted to £L7, and this sum now forms the nucleus of a sick fund, from which the employe's when ill, on payment ,of . 6d, per week, are entitled to ;draw £1 every week for six mouths, and 10s. per week for an additional six mouths, These terms are far more liberal than the friendly societies, and the fund has the advantage of binding together in common ?interest men constantly thrown together by their' employment. The men speak in very high terms of the kindness of the firm in arranging the matter, and especially of Mr. Malcolm, whose time and energy has been devoted to the establishment of the fund for some time past. A meeting of the employes was held on August 11, at the' Vic toria Mill, Mr. Malcolm in the chair, when it was decided to form a 'Sick and Benevolent Fund.' The following gentlemen were appointed office-bearers :— J. M. Coles, president; G. Wise, vice-president; W. Paine, secretary and treasurer; W. Shephard, B. Scrivenor, T. Surfield, and J. Ellis, members of the committee. The money in baud has been placed by Mesrs. Duffield & Co., at 10 per cett., so. that a very liberal price is given for the money. To start such a fund out of the profits of the meat shows a wise and prudent spirit on the men's part, and the liberality with which the firm has taken up tbe matter has enabled* the men to secure liberal and efficient manage ment. We must say this aspeot of the meat question is one that commends itself to other large employers of labor.' Mr. Wivell has now on view in Rundle street a collection of pictures, including oil paintings, water- color sketches, and engravings, which is well worthy of inspection. The artist who is best represented is Mr. H. J. Johnstone, the celebrated Australian painter, of whose works there are about twenty, and whose mas terpiece, «? Evening Shadows,' is certainly the ncost noteworthy work of art in the collection. This picture represents a back water of the River Murray, on the banks of which three or four noble gumtrees stand out boldly in the foreground. In the background is depicted a splendid piece of Australian wood land scenery, stretching far away into the dis tance, while the western sky is lit up wii,h the rays of the setting sun. The effect is enhanced by the translucent appearance of the water, which is spotted with flowering wa^er- liliea, and reflects the gums on the banks with mirror like distinctness. To the left is seen a miami with natives sitting round, and on the other side of the water is an aboriginal woman with her picaninny on her back. Mr, Wivell at con siderable expense has had photogenes of the picture prepared, and purposes presenting a copy to each subscriber to his art union. It was intended to have sent the paint ing to the Melbourne Exhibition, bat as the art gallery is now closed it is to be hoped that the Government will see fit to purchase it and place it in the South Australian court. Another painting of Johnstone's is ' Early morning,* the property of Dr. Oorbin, which portrays a billabong on the Murray, with a large gum in the foreground, and the clouds on the horizon gilded by the first light of morning. Among the paintings by other artists may be noted a sea piece by Calvert, one of the greatest living painters of sea pictures ; and a group of sheep, by Hulk, a noted English artist. There are also a number of water- color sketches, some very good and others mediocre, and a group of en gravings of celebrated personages, from paint ings by Abraham Wivell, the father of the present exhibitor. About sixty gentlemen assembled at the ?? Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, August 13, at a well-spread luncheon, in con nection with the starting of the new auctioneer ing firm of Messrs. Townsend & Son. The gathering took the form of a friendly meeting. Amongst those present were various members of Parliament, some of the most influential mer chants of town and Port, particularly those in terested in the timber trade, and the present and previous mayors of Port Adelaide. Mr, W. Townsend, M.P., filled the chair, and Mr. F. Town-send the vice-chair. After the usual pre liminary toasts the chairman proposed 'The town and trade of Port Adelaide.' He gave a brief account of the rise and progress of the Port since he held his first sale there twenty seven years ago, auguring well for its future if it continued to advance in the same ratio. Mr. T.-Hack, J.P. (Mayor of Port Adelaide), in responding, commented on the valuable ser vices rendered to the Port by the previous oc cupants of the mayor's chair — Messrs. D. Bower, J. Formby, and Captain J. W. Smith. He then proposed ''Success to the firm of Townsend and Son.' After alluding to the great service Mr. W. Townsend had been to the State by the energetic and persevering way in which he had performed his' public duties, he said that in proposing the new firm nothing derogatory was meant towards Mr. Botting, as they all held him in high esteem. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the new firm would be exceedingly prosperous, and that the feeling of respect with which the old firm was regarded would be retained by the new. The chairman spoke a few feeling words by way of introducing his son, who had, he said, the principal attributes for the success of a business man — honesty and integrity. The vice chairman also replied, expressing his intention to follow to the best of his ability in his father's footsteps. The toast of ' The Press' was pro posed by the chairman, and responded to by Mr. J. P. Stow, J.P., and the proceedings were brought to a close by ' The ex-Mayors of Port Adelaide,' proposed by Councillor Mueoke, and replied to by Captain J. W. Smith. There are few men now living who were with Napoleon Buonaparte during hid exile at the island of St. Helena, and of these not more than one or two perhaps are in the Australian colonies. It is therefore a fact worth noting that there is an octogenarian cook on board the intercolonial trading barque Signal (now lying at Port Adelaide) who served in the guard of the great emperor. The name of this old man is John Knipe. He was born on the island in June, 1800. At the age of ten he enlisted in the East India Company's militia as a drummer boy, and remained in the service until 1822. He was present at the landingof Napoleon on the isle m 1815, and for some time acted as a sentinel at the twelve-mile boundary round the captive's residence, over which Napoleon was never allowed to go without being constantly watched. Knipe distinctly remembers the death ef the emperor, and the commotion it caused amongst the inhabitants of the island. He formed one of the lice of soldiers who filed slowly past the corpse when laid out in state, and he was present when the coffin was lowered 'under the shade of the willows where Na poleon was wont to sit' when alive. As before stated Knipe left St. Helena in 1822, and his life since then has been most chequered. Ex changing the bayonet for the marline spike he embarked on board one of the American whalers, and was for about fourteen years engaged In that hazardous trade. He then spent a couple of years in South American coasting vessels, and in 1838 took ship for England. He next engaged in the barque Palmyra, in which he visited this colony in 1839. Knipe well recollects Captain Lipson, who was at that time harbor-master at Holdfast Bay, and he gives a vivid picture of the Port Greek, and the site where Port Adelaide now stands as it then was. In 1840 Knipe, who had been left in Adelaide by the Palmyra on account of illness, went to Sydney, where he obtained a berth on H.ALS. Druid. In that vessel he went to China, aad served throughout the war there. Being again taken ill he was sent home to England, and through continued sieknesB was compelled to leave the Government service. As soon as he recovered Knipe entered the merchant ser vice, and up to this time has continued in it, having traded at various times to all parts of the world. Although 80 years of age Knipe is bale and hearty, and, as far as can be judged from appearances, is likely to live to add another decade to his 58 years of sea life. The Gawler Bunyip understands ' that the Bev. Abbot Alcockand Father Fox are about to leave Gawler. They have received orders from their ecclesiastical superiors to proceed to Auckland, New Zealand. The Holy See is of opinion that their missionary labors are more urgently required there than in South Australia, and although, as we learn, Dr. Reynolds, the Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, succeeded a few months back in obtaining from Pope LeoXIH. a reversion of the orders that had besnissuedfor the transfer of the said fathers to Auckland; yet His Holiness, on more mature consideration, deamed it advisable to return to his former daoision. In consequence of this the Abbot and Father Fox have recently received instructions from Borne to proceed with as little delay as possible to Auckland. We are informed that, owing to the scarcity of priests in South Australia, the ?? places of. the two fathers cannot be supplied before the arrival of priests from Ireland, sent out by Dr. Reynolds, and expected some time in September, so that it will probably b9 far advanced in that month befote the Abbot and Father Fox leave Gawler. We have heard on reliable authority that it is the inten tion of the Holy See to entrust the entire spiritual charge of the Diocese ol Auckland to th Benedictine Order, of which the Abbot and Father Fox are members. Several of the fathers are already in that diocese, and others are {on their way out, and expected to arrive at Glenelg by the next mail steamer from England. Father Sullivan, their Superior, will pay a visit to Gawler and remain a fortnight with his confreres. Words cannot express the regie t felt by all sections of the community at tbe departure of the Abbot and Father Fox ; indeed the familiar friends will be hard to re place. Not only the eloquence of His Lordship will be missed, but the very many ' Little acts of kindness, Little words of love,' although never forgotten, will be things o? the past. To the Catholic Ckurch of this d itriet —indeed, of the colony— the departure will be a blow. Of course the fiat has gone forth— they must go, and HLe good soldiers they obey without question; and it now only remains for us to record our sense of the loss the whole comn ifclty — Protestant and Catholic— is afcoat to sustain, and hope the Abbot aad Father Fox will receive the consideration in their new sphere they so well deserve, and they may be sure Gawler residents will always hear with pleasure of their welfare.' 'We have been favored with the first and second reports of the executive committee ap pointed to administer the Duchess of fitarl borough's fund for the relief of the distressed in Ireland. It appears from the latter report, which was presented at a meeting of the general committee, held on the 16th of March last, that up to that date the sum of £88,525 11s. 3d. had been subscribed to the fund, and the whole of this amount had been expended, with the ex ception of £11,714 13s. remaining as an available balance to the credit of the committee. In ad dition to the relief thus afforded 7,902 blankets, 4,000 women's petticoats, 1,000 women's jackets, and 5,357 pieces of clothing for boys and girls were supplied at a cost of £3,464 11s. lid. The abstract of food sent to the starving papu lation includes 21 cases of preserved beef, 4 cases of Liebeg's extract of food, 50 cases of con densed milk, 10 cases of infants' food, and 34 cases of peasoup, representing a total cost of £206 17s. The greater proportion of these were forwarded as donations to the fund, and distributed among the various districts where distress was prevalent. The two reports, which are of a voluminous character, give an inter esting account not only of the nature and ex tent of the distress for the relief of which the fund was established, but the system observed in the distribution of the moneys subscribed. It appears with satisfactory clearness that through the agency of the relief afforded the famine has been averted and the machinery of distribution has proved on the whole thoroughly satisfactory. The administration of the fund bas apparently been based throughout on the soundest principles. Indiscriminate charity, which frequently works as much evil as good, has been from the first sedulously avoided, the rule adopted being to oonude to local com mittees the systematic distribution of relief. This very fact, as giving confidence to subscribers, bas no doubt formed one important reason for the liberal assistance to the distressed poor of Ireland, which has poured in from all quarters of the world. The executive committee remark, however, that ' it is still necessary to ensure undivided attention to farming operations during the spring, and in some districts where the crops have entirely failed it may be required until the coming harvest, or at least until there is sufficient employment. In addition to the necessity of further grants for food the com mittee find that there is a great want of clothing and that the poor people who are the objects of relief are without the means to purchase any. The committee therefore rely on the continued generosity of the public.' With a view of pro viding for a crop in the future, the committee have added to jtheir gifts of money, food, and clothing, seed potatoes and seeds of various kinds to the value of about £31,000. One gratifying fact in connection with the organiza tion and general management of the fund has been the small amount of expense incurred. The whole cost of disbursing the fund appears to have been no greater than £620 5s. 2d. The two reports form altogether a most instructive history not only of the recent distress in Ireland but of what has constituted one of the greatest charitable movements of the present century. A meeting of persons favorable to the formation of a Sunday-closing and Local Option League was held at the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association Hall on Monday evening, August 16, There were about fifty persons present. Dr. Magarey presided, and stated that the meeting had been called because it was felt that the opinions of those who were in favor of Sunday closing and local option should be represented by an organisation, the object of which should be to advance the Sun day closing principle, and to educate the people np to the point of demanding local option. The people did not thoroughly understand the prin ciple of local option, bufi when they did they would, he felt sure, certainly endorse it. They should be stimulated in their efforts by the suc cess which had attended the local option move ment in England. An important portion of the work of the League would be to see that the names of all those who were in favor of their principles should be placed on the electoral rolls at once, as there was no time to lose before the next election. He had every sympathy with those who had taken action in this matter, as they thsught the majority of the people who were in favor of Sunday closing, and who would soon believe in local option, should rule, and that steps should be taken at once with a view of making their voices heard. Mr. T. S. Carey said that at the meeting of the Sunday-dosing committee on August 7, it was resolved that steps should be taken to form a Sunday-closing and Local Option Association. A meeting was afterwards held for the purpose of considering the matter, but it was subsequently adjourned till that evening. He said they had found from experience that half measures were of no use, and they must in. order to accomplish their ends work in an organised form and with a strong pui t;ose. Mr. W. F. Wincey stated what steps hao. been taken at Gawler in the direction of securing Sunday closing and local option. A league had been formed, . circulars had been distributed, and the town was now being canvassed with a view of ascer taining the feeling of the people, and having as many names as possible placed on the elec toral rolls. Mr. W. B. Stephens moved—** That this meeting is of opinion that, in order to bring more fully before the electors of the colony the principles of local option and Sunday- closing, it is advisable that an association be formed called tbe South Australian Local Option and Sunday closing Association.' He thought the associa tion would provide a means of securing the co-operation of persons who were not total abstainers and yet strongly desired that drunkenness should be diminished in every possible way. Mr. H. M. Mudie seconded, and Messrs. A. O. Chambers and A. Gore supported. The latter gentleman wished it to be under stood that the present action had been forced upon the advocates of Sunday closing; by the steps taken by those persons who were opposed to them. The motion was carried. The fol lowing gentlemen were appointed as a committee, with power to add to their number:— Bevs. D. O'Donnell, and S. Mead, LL.B., Dr. Dixon, Messrs. M. Kings borough, T. Rhodes, W. B. Stephens, J. B. Champion, F. Champion, J. J. Stuokey, S. Berry, J.Fergusson, B. Mellor, T. S. Carey, and Howard Birt. The question as to tbe ' plat* form' upon which the association should be formed was referred to the oommittee. 