T nE E A ,TES ENCAIfMENT. b TeRms DAY, ie n vnr n 25. There mnd tareb been very few occupntsd of the tamp wino did not retire on Wedanesdny tmglnt a little dishoerlened at the state of the weather, for what the farmers, in a dry season, would call a " beautiful rain" commenend to fall, and, from thIe steady way in which it colsi down, thereO was eery appearance ol the Easter eneampment of 1880 proving as disa·greneable and un. enjoyable as did that of 1879. Visnons of the scenes at anglo Farm presented tbhemseloes to many who took part in the last campaign, tihe ghost of which may be said to Ihave hauited them and little wonder, either, whien the gloom of that first dreary night in camp was remembered. However, this year the weather seems rvery variable, and towards morning on Thursday tine rain ceased, and the day broke clear and bright, yet beautifully cool, for a light westerly winld was blowing which brraed up the nmen for ithe work of thle day as much as thie pIrospects of fine weather giuddened their hearls. Thie contrast to thie first morning in camp last year, when ti.e low-lyinc rlnccoanreo presented ol most thie appearance of a eu, and thie tents of the quarterguard stood in about a foot of water, was striking. Sain as it milght, Ihowever, on thi occasion, suchn a misfortune could not befal thie volunteers thanks to the foresight and judgment of the gentlemuan who selected such a fine, etlernted spot for thie site of the camp. The soil, too, is of such a dry loomy dea. eription that few traces of rain having fallen were risible on Thuraday. Soon after daybreak the camp was all alive, and tihe usual preliminaries were gone through. Ti'be6 o'clock gun was fired punctually to time, and mattcrs in eon nection with thie camp attended to. Thie mon bolong ing to the batteries had their hormes to look aofter, and otlhers were engaged digging trenhels round the tents and puotting thie lines in decent order. Shortly after 10 o'clock thie order was given for a general drill. The Encineers, No.3 (gorrison) hattery of Artillery, and the First and Second Iceciments, to the number of about 200. paraded, and were marchod out to thie pnlace fixed for the manmurres--riz., tihe open ground on the town side of the camp, where tihe commandant put them through some battalion drill, wbhich proved not mere amusement, but real down. right bard work. Captain aodsall, as acting.arejor, Captain Mafein, as acting junior major, Lieutenant Wealeand Lieutenant Hutton, as adjutants, were also present. The various evolutions were elore gone t.hrough--sueh as wheeling, forming columns, and ad sancing-iu alitheir multifarioos forms. The onlookers seemed to take great interest in tihe manmeurres, and we may also odd that thie men them selves evinced a desire to settle down stendily to work. In the afternoon, soon after dinner, thie foot oagain paraded for some more battalion drill. Colonel Blaxland took command, and mreched them a considerable distance from thie camp to the bank of tile river near the Onemile Bridce. Here tho men were exrcrised for about two hours, and they behaved themselves admirably. The more interesting esight, pernhaps, was thie brigade drill of the two field batteries. These, with four guns each, proceeded out of the camp apparently towards town, but they coon wheeled off to the right and1 down the Toowoomba road for some distanee, tilen to the right again, whiuh brought them to the low ground at the rear of thie camp and close to tile Threetmilo Bridge. On the flat they went through eitrious movements under thie command of IMajor Drury. Captain Webb had charge of No. 1 battery, and Captain Havard of No 2; and Lieut. Dougins acted as adjutant. The morvements were closely watched by the visitors, who oepressed much natisfae tion at thie manner in which the men acquitted them selves. When it is rememberd that the hIorsesa were quite unsed to the work, and tilat'the men have had wery little chance of practising themselves, the ma nemurrcs must be regarded as Ihaver been exceedingly well gone through. The horses, with the exoeptian of one team, worked capitally, end tile oilcers and mooenare to be complimented on thesuccess of tie movements. These consisted of wheeling to right and left, forming column and line, reversing front by wheel of half nattoriea,'advencing and retiring, &d.; The men thImselsves generally acknowledge. thtat they bare hod no drill yet like the present, and speak in high terms of the soldierly and gentlcmanly quali ties of the commandant, who looks to enerything hIimself, and points out dfeoate and suggests remedies to officers and shen without distinction. Two slight accidents occurred during the day, Eo thlat Dr. Challipor's presence was not unneedeld. Lieutenant Groom, while bathling in tile creek in the morning, struck a log and received a nasty sonlp 'wound ; and in the dfternoon Bergeant Morton, ofNo. 1 battery of-Artillery, was unbors'd, spraining his wrist, and being a little shaken and scratched. The number of visitors to the camp during the day. was pretty large, but most of thie townspeople seemed to defer thleir sisit until the following day. Those, Ihowever, who went out seemed considerably interested by the scene whioh presented itseli, and a good deal of euriosity was manifested-perhaps in some instances to too great on extent-in inspecting the quarters of the different companies. By thie 6"50 p.m. up train a number of Briebane Cadets arrived, and they.soon marched ount. A large contingent of Brisbano men, who had been unable to join tleir comrades on thie first day, also arrived by thie late night train, and, accompanied by thie band of the First Regiment, marched throuagh town about 1 o'clock, evidently in high spirits. The nicht was a beautifulone, and was enjoyed by all hands,nnd, what with the commotion caused by the fresh arrivals and thie amusements resorted to, tile time paessed quickly. 