~SU N b -READIN Grr A Sleepless Mght.'; :: i. -By the Rev. T..Db WictTalmaob.' ! - "On: tlmt night could not tho King sloon.''— Esther vi. 1. - _ • Three porsons seated at a table in a Perpian palace. Ahafcuerus, grander in stature anil more bcantifnl in features than any .man in all his army of two million three hundred* and seventeen thousand meu. Esther, the belle of the empire, the moBt attractive wc-tnon of all | tho nation brought together in a group, and | she - selected out of the group pre-eminently i attractive. Hamoo, who whs prime 'minister, I or secretary of state, tho Bismarck of the realm, standing next to tho king. Itisa pri Vato party in the qimon's parlours. You may get somo idea of the bill of fare when I alt you that the whole empire was tributary to that table. "\Vhat rare, meat of bad, and fish, and quadruped!' What rare fruit of raisin, and fig, and "pomcgrauate, and apples of gold in caskets of silver! What rare wines smacking of tho sunshine of Arabia and Syria! The upholstery looking as if it had been dyed in rising aud setting suns. The furniture of room and table most peculiar—each "chair and lounge, aud cup, and tankard, aud spoon, of an independent pattern, druwn out by tho artists of the king. The floor looking like a fallen rainbow. Clouds of curtains hovering amid marble and statuary. The music of a full buini miogling with tho laughter of Minnehaha, or tho voices of falling waters. But uow the sun strikes aslant through the queen's banqueting hall, aud across the rinds and peelings of the grapo clusters, and tho path of the spilled wine, and the intoxicated cheeks of tho bleer-eyed banqueters. Ahaseurus rises to depart. The officers of the palace appear as his escort. With blundering and staggering steps hogetsinto hie sedan, andis carrieiinhis canopied-coucb, and retires for the night. Come, in, O.sleep! through the window baugingsof Tyri*n purple, and put your soft feet on the kiug'a eyelids. Wait upon him, sweet dreams! Kiss him, breath «»f frank-incense aud rosemary ! there he is, the owuer of all the world that is worth owning- from India to Ethiopia! Let the chamberlains draw the curtain around this son of fortune.' ;Let the lights bo lowered. Let the sentry ..outside the door, stop their'puciug. Let everything ; tie. silent. . tfbe officers of the guard outside give their orders in & whisper. Night in Shuahan. ' Night in all the laud. Night in the palace. Standing outside the sleeping apartment of the king, I hear, first a cough, and then a groan, theu the turning oyer on the imperial couch, and last of ull the voice of the king saying: "Let tho officers of the guard bring mo the. book of the- record "of the Chronicles,' and read to me. I can't sleep." Sleep for the scullions in the king's kitchen, and for. the pages who ruu on his. errands; sleep for tho gate-keepers of the imperial park, and for the grooms who polish the smooth coats of the horses in the royal mows; but no sloop for their master. ''On that night could hot* tho king sleep." . . . ♦ Are thero,not some here who have occasion ally passed sltiCpless eights t What was the reason ?•' Was it sickness ? Was it overwork ? Was it bereavement? Was it tho unrepented sins of your past life that camo about your pillow ? Waft it treublo ? You remember how the clock ticked. You remember how long it *wus from thestrinkingof oue in the'mornirig utiiil the striking of two, and still longer from two to three; and when at,lust the duy:.byg*n -to look through the. lattice, hpw quiukty you rose" up and surrendered every attempt, to sleep. Thero are souls in this house who^will notsleep to night. You sayO' my'Lojrd,'how qau I nleep ? The house isj so dreadfully still since my>little onedadl-L No, one to give a, driuk to in the night. No.one to wuke, me .in' the morning 1 with k" 'sweet • caroL'TVouble ! Trouble! ' Will not the LonTteke' me ojitj of it ?" 01 bereaved soul, j l ean make up'some v thiug you' caii 'sledp on! *'"As ^sqihetiines tliey. make'. a pillow", of soothing herli^' lthat. the patient" may j)ut'vbis_ HeaU.pn'-ahd'jforget his pain, bo to'-hight>jhereaved' soul, I wduld make up a pillow fbr'tby'hekd-yfa. pilldw ot ;I)ivine: prqmises-Tpronfi^_,of' f.®Hn'0Ajin tearless' rcalmi'pMmtses'of^xpiahatidtt fbr things that are dark, promises of resurrection, for-.all ihe dead.,. ,([)!• put yourjHo^Jqqrthat^illowj. and let the fingers .bf.'a cpxdfdrting'and syinp&the-; tic Christ elosV your eyelids ^in 'perfect -peace to-night.;; Hush _all: your ioWes.'" H dsn all your boreaveiueuts. Hush all your complaints. " So He givetb His beloved sleep." ' But there are thosu hero who will cot sleepy to-uight for another reason. This is the night , when-your uaforgivan^sins^wiUfjrj* ouragainst you: u'l,heyJV'ilKcbmTB'clftmburing round your pillow asrthe'.sinsi.efi.AhHSeurus clamoured aroundhis pillow.. You.think you.can roll off a1 solemn iinprw?!OU.liko'Jthis mdineuY/1*1 You will go home. /T^p doorywillbb closed. A fter a few *mOmehVb conversation ^ about what ihapjfenefi at the Taberhaole,f«yda^will try to. n.cotupose yourself-far sleep jT.buk if.yourtirejan .unforgivingman you cannot, sleep.You will 'unforgiving pian you cannot ;yleep. .. ^ ^ . 'get wider'hhd .wider'awalceV^ Gb'cf^'.wilt^tand .by youi\piUaw,' saying:: " .Where-didfyou'dome from? What have you been doing? No iai poutanoo. No'.tears, v No pardon. No life,. No hopOi,. ;No hcayen.'', ,Audiyou will .-ay : "a Who is'it that so addresses VneT* "And God will say" It is thy Maker aiid rihy Judge and'tho sweat of a great ag^uy-wilB ooiuo out on your br.ow, aud befoiQi to- morrow morning you will get up and kneel down, and pray, aud pray. That will be the history of hundreds.in this house to-night; "01" says one, "you don't know me.-I-amagood -sleeper,- and no sooner will I put my. head upon my pillow than rl -will bo uriconBoious " Ah! perhaps I ftade amiatake/then, in regard to your case. I may' be.'mistaken in the prophecy with reference to you. particularly^ for yon may be one of'thoae' who go to Bleep on earth and wake up in- bell, where thoy never sleep. " O!" says someone," " I'll joke off all this impression. I'll caricature the preacher. I'm good at drawing. And then I'll just' say to my jeering companions, * flow's your soul? and with merriment'I'll drown out' all the thought of the present, and all tho thought of the past, and all the thotfght of the future." No, you cannot doit. Aha fieoras tried to drown the voice of his con science with wine, with libertinism, with fame, with all k'nda of indulgence, until inhis satiety, he actually offered a reward for somebody who would invent a new pleasure ; and while all the enjoyments and honours, and excitement! carao rippling up against that pillow [in the Shushan Palace," on that nightfeould^not tho king sleep." No^adame; no,sir; if the Holy Spirit is in yoor heart to.night you cannot drown'out this religious impression. It will be as it 'waB last Sabbath-night, when there were two per sons sitting before mo who so thoroughly given up to merriment whilo I was preaching, that I thought I muBt stop in the inidst of my sermon and call them to order; and yet, at-the close of the service, they carao asking the way to heaven, and they arc now in thin houso sitting in the peaco of Christ, theeo fow days of par don giving them more joy than all the days of their worldly, hilarity. Ah, my friends, you cannot with outside glee stop the inside .tre mour. "Whirl around all tho dancers, clap all the cytpbals of defiance, fill the air! with guffaw of ribaldry and mirth, and Ahasnerus cannot sleep to-night. 0 man immortal, 0 woman immortal, how can you sleep nrifor given ? all your lifetime transgressions gather* i'ig toother, each one of them enough for your eternal discomfiture, yet piling up and piling np, and spreading: out and spreading out,'and crowding closer and closer.' OGod, what iwiU they do with thsir sins ? the unforgiven sins of their life like hounds on their'track, flashing liko fiery bolts from the clouds, slipping from abovo like an avalanche. Thoy might as well try to sleep in the top story of a house'when all tho rooms underneath are in flames, an<f tho fire is singeing their locks; they might as-well try to sleep while a.foundering steamer-is mak ing its last plunge. How can you sleep at the memory of mnimproved mercies? Where-is your neglected Bible P Where is your father's death-bed, your mother's death-bed ? What is that on your haud9, on your forehead;* on your oheek, on your cMu? It is the blood of a neglected, despised, long-suffering, and'ago* nifting Jesus, lie bus come this night to1 save your soul, and you will not let Him. If the deviU in the loat world hid one snch offer of mercy, they would leap for it as a shipwrecked man for the last life-boat. O, how can you sleep, when you are so near the last offer of pardon and mercy ? Do you see that excitement in heavea ? The Holy Spirit is departing from heaven with a very Bolemn messaged He is coming with His lust offer of pardon to your soul, and the angels gather around the Holy Spirit, and they say: "Plead hard to-night. Do not give him up. Plead hard to-night and the Spirit is descending, coming through the night air. He has alighted in this room* He is right before your soul. It is yonr- im mortal soul and the Holy Ghost. O, gratneus Spirit, couquer him to-night. Since heaven and hell aro involved in this interview, search him, rouse him, melt him, save him. "No," says tho Holy Ghost: " I will say no more. I will just stop now for a minute to see whether ' he will accept pardon or whether he will reject it." And tho Holy Spirit lifts ono wing for departure, au2 if- Ho lift both wings, then He is gone; and with thatone wing lifted for de parture, I feel the last raomeut of watting throbbing through the air—the last moment. For some soul hero both wings are lifted,^and He vanishes. Gone, your opportunity of par don. Gone, your hope for heaven; whUe a voice breaks from the throne, saying: lt Eph r*ira is joined to his idols; let him alone, let him alone!" O, you unrepentant' souls,'Thow c-iu you idtep to-night iu view of death, and judgmcut, and eternity? Mr. Faron, '»ur respected fellow-citizen, this afternoon, with all offices of respect wua carried out to his last resting place. .Last Wednes day night ho went to sleep sjuud and well. He was heard to be in a struggle, and in ten minutes, though they tried to bathe and rub :him into life, and with tho utmost attention of medical skill to resuscitate him, in teu minutes his immortal soul passed over from world to world, if it had been you, where would yon have been now ? Some of you, my dear bre thren, will go rout of life just as auddauly. There will be"no time" to reacTT the physician. There will be do lime to get the phial of res toratives. /There will; be no time to strike a light/' If yiu are unprepared to-go, your exit lout of this life will: be afailing swifter ! than any comet Hashed down the night sky. How can you sleep- on- the borders of an, eternity for which you haver no preparatiou ? Hear yon not the dashing of the •'waves of that dreadful sea?. Fiends exult at tHo 'prospect' of your speedy entrance. If after all these years of rejecting the love of God, the pardon of God, the mercy of God, the onire.ities of God, tho wooing of God, you go out of. this world, what will remain for you but ,the wrath of God! You may be so near it. Do you not feel iis breath on your'cheeks ? Do you not see'iii flush on. your Wow ? Do yoa not (eel iw quaking beneath your ^eet? The swonlUttn 'of 'tho L'^rd Almighty swings out from tbe cloud ready to strik'e. O I - spare that ?oul. ' ITercy," .mercy,' mercy!,'^We cry, Lord spare that soul! Give it one mote'ohanco for repentance and\for heaven. > If you now re •pentj you can go home'to-night, and sletp as soundly as any child evt*r slept iu its mother's arms. With pariiou for a pillow, eternal de fence for a canopy, aud the angels of God for a body guard, you -o ui afford to sleep until the d.tybroak, while' Ahasuerus tosses on the couch, and. calls, out for the- officer of the^oard to comVand read tHe .book. of the record of tha Chronicles, 