QUID NUNC? lion's that for high, partner!—All Four?. For -well-nigh a score ol years I wan dered over the colonies a very Bohemian, seeking—well, it is hard to say what— and not finding much. Going hither and thither, chasing those fleeting, mis leading shadows, new rushes, and catch ing in the aggregate what amounted to rheumatics and other aches, blighted hopes, keen disappointment, and a broken constitution. Only these and nothing more, some may ask, who know nothing about them. Well, yes, some thing more. Bitter, but valuable experi ence, which it would be a mere %vaste of time to recount for the information of those who have made up their minds to take lessons in the same school. But I was about to remark that, although the fates willed on more than one occasion that I should wear my backbone bare carrying that buudle of woe known as a swag, in all my peregrinations I never had the fortune, or rather misfortune to visit either Brighton or Ararat. By the way I wonder why the founder of the latter place hit upon the name? Was it a prophetic foreknowledge of the man who would some day represent it in Parliament. There is so little differ ence between Ararat and is-a-rat—and the honorable member is a rat—a rat of such sewer proclivities—that the simi larity in name is somewhat striking. As for Brighton, it is said to be an aristo cratic suburb ; but if its crooked mem ber is a sample of its quality, then Lord help the blue blood, for he is a Bright-’un. If ever I save enough, I must see both localities before joining the great majority, even though I look: on them as the Sodom'and Gomorrah of Australia, and have an undefinablo fear that the fire and brimstone storm might happen at that particular time, and I don’t particularly crave after favors of the sort. Any way, the people, judging by their tastes—and they are awfully mean—must be asgreata curiosity as men with tails. What a pity the two plague spots could not be left to enjoy the full force of the administration they helped to pitchfork into power, or bo ostracised. It is said that “ of our own sins we make a whip wherewith to scourge our selves ; ’’ but though Bent should be an administrator and Gaunson an embryo whip, there is no cogent reason why the lash should fall on the shoulders of all Victoria, unless it be that “ whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth,” and that in spite of our stupidity He likes us a little bit, only that He knows that as fools we wont learn in a less lenient school. A happy thought. As we are about inviting the world to see our pro ductions at the big Exhibition, why not get these precious members and the creatures they represent in a glass case and show them as the elite of Conser vatism in Victoria. It would be an im mense draw, especially if David had the “ ewer and soap ’’ washing their politi cal reputations, and Tommy conld be induced to show Liinself drawing out cheques for arrears of rates duo. I have been looking the footpaths and streets for the past week, but so far have been miserably disappointed, as not even the ghost of a copper has gladdened my sight, although from the promises held out during the heated days of the election that money would be rolling everywhere and Victoria transformed into a land overflowing with milk, honey, and genuine dibs if an antidote could only be found for the fatal Berry blight. Tho remedy has come—a powerfully mean, bitter mock ing one—a tiling that is worse than a blister on a wooden leg ; but where is the superfluity of coin ? The only change I have heard of—and I will leave the working classes to say whether it is for the better or not—is that the prince of trading politicians, the Hon. Duncan Gillies, has already been the means, directly and indirectly, of turn ing something like a hundred men out of employment. But what does that matter ? They are poor, “ half clad, half fed, half starved,” miserable wretches beneath the consideration of a politician of the Gillies breed, and there is not evon a penny country rag in the colony that will take the least notice of the circumstance, much less dignify the day of their dismissal by the name of Black anyday. God alone considers the poor and helploss ; they ore His especial care, and why should the remnants of the iron hand despotism waste a thought on such base clay ? Some people glory in their dirt. With them it is something akin to sacrilege to disturb the crawling, creeping, noxious vermin that prey on them. The flies that destroy tlie heaps of useless, unooqth matter and keep the air olear and pure, may be invited to dine on poisoned paper ; but the slow going, sleek, soft-footed creepers that bury deep into the hide, and gnaw for ever and forever are left in undisturbed possession, It may be nasty and loath some to liken our kid-gloved, oily visaged, upper ten of the Civil Service, the poor dear martyrs of Black Wednes day, to these gnawing parasites ; but somehow the analogy is so striking, and their presence on the head of the body politic so unmistakeable that the com parison obtrudes itself in spite of the disgust it begets, In his excellent, after-dinner speeoli to the Maldonians, when the Scotch jesuitical premier labored so ingeniously for an hour and a linlf to conceal his intentions with words, he told his beguiled hearers, that he would go in for retrenchment, but not of the Black Wednesday sort. Blesa you no! The saying is to be effected by other means than turning a hair oi the “ curled darlings.” Only the lower grades, hewers of wood and drawers ol water, are to be touched. Five hundred men out of work by the coming winter, five hundred wives and families, starving and shivering in the cold, that is liow to teach them humility and submission to importers of shoddy and adulterated fire water. England keeps her famishing proletariate in subjection at the point qj the bayonet; bqt rye are still ahead of her and apply a more refined devilishness. “ Starve them, sir, starve them, by Gad, that's how we doos it.” And yet where is tho room for commiseration ? Work ing men throughout tho colony have helped in a great degree to sow the wind of want at the ballot box ; let us see whether weary of well-doing and anti pathy to secular education will assist them in the whirlwind harvest. INAFOG. 