Rowing Notes. A private sculling event takes place this (Saturday) afternoon, round Goat Island and Fort Denison, between Heaton, of Sydney, and Ward, of Grafton. We have lost the sculling championship of the world ; but, thanks to Laycock's series of victories, we are not altogether laurelless, for if we have not the best sculler in the world, we can console ourselves that we at least have the second and third best in the world, ihe unfortunate foul of Trickett in the Hop Bitters race was apiece of downright ill-luck, and coming so quickly after the great disappoint ment in the championship match is a misfortune for which he is entitled to the universal sympathy of Australians. We are not able to account for the length of time the great race occupicd ; probably a heavy fresh in the Thames will have much to do with it. Anyhow, it is a monstrous injustice to prejudge Trickett in this affair. That Laycock hasde ieated the pick of English and American oarsmen is very gratifying ; and as there is no gainsaying the fact that when the men left the colony Trickett was* the better of the two, it is then clear that we have not been mistaken in our conception of their pretensions to first-class scullers, but we have apparently underestimated the ability of the Canadian. In the light of the recent performances of the scullers gathered on the Thames, we should place them as follows : — Hanlan, Trickett, Laycock, Ross, Hos mer, Smith. The latter familiar name is given as the fourth man in the final heat, and we have supposed the distinction has fallen upon Charles Smith, a Thames sculler; but when the details of the race are to hand we should not be surprised to find the honours are due to Warren Smith, from the land of the stars and stripes. Hanlan, having attained the topmost pinnacle of aquatic fame, now sets a mighty high price upon the title he has won, and it is evident that he wishes to get back to Toronto bearing all the kudos of his victory. No doubt his absence in the Hop Bitters race was his fear of letting slip his new won laurels ; and as he cannot be compelled to row for a stake of £21)0 in less than six months' time, and then his challenger must go to Toronto, he, of course, seizes the opportunity of dictating terms. It would have certainly been more within the spirit of fair play bad the Canadian been content to row a £200 return match. Trickett when he won the championship made terms with Lumsden, and the latter forfeited ; but when the Canadian will not row without a bet of £1000 it is obvious that ho means to sneak away from England with the title. We bave heard some talk of subscribing' the money, £1200, to back Laycock. Of course his friends are perfectly right in doing so if they wish; but we would like to impress upon them the fact that in view of pitting Laycock against the Canadian just now they are imposing upon him a task attended by great odds. In the first place his series of races and long- sustained training by this time have made him stale ; he will have to meet Hanlan in the depth of winter; so it appears to us that these odds are almost too great to [give much confi dence to the venture. A large gathering of the Balmain public mustered at the local School of Arts on Monday evening, it being the oca sion for presenting tbe prizes to the successful competitors in the late regatta. Tne business of the committee com menced with the settlement of protests. One against the brothers Bros for using sliding seats in the double sculls race was dismissed, as the race was not a maiden one. The protests against some of the crew of the Carlotta and Elvira for being oVer age in the canvas dingy race were sus tained. Kingof theltingwasthereforeawardedthefiretprize, and the other boats are to sail over to-day (Saturday) for the sccond and third prizes. Captain Broomfield presented the prizes, and it is worthy of mention that when Ellis received the prizes for the 16-foot dingy race he was en thusiastically applauded, owing to the boats of his build ing — viz., Ouida, Lucia, and Dreamland- -having won first prizes ; and the Harpy, yacht, also by Ellis, having won tbe prize of her class. It was mentioned that if Hanl&n; and Ross would compete at the Balmain Regatta next year the committee would give a prize of 500 sovereigns* for sculls. There is every probability of the North Shore Rowing Clubs Regatta, this afternoon, being thoroughly successful as much local interest has been infused into the affair. The Wallaby (s.) is to act as flagship, and will follow the various events. The following are the entries: — Junior Pairs in iSkiffs— S. G. Robey and W. German ; H. A. Fity.patiick and It. Smith. Maiden Fours — C. Phillips, J. Dunsmuir, E. G. Sayers, W. Wetherell (stroke) ; H. Robey, W. German, W. Tucker, J. P. Brindley (stroke). Senior Sculls— J. Arthur, W. Anslow, C. Bros. Ma den Sculls in skiffs — H. Bligh, E. G. Sayers, S. G. Robey. Scratch Fours — H. Russell, H. Robey, W. J. M'Leod, J. Arthur (stroke) ; T. Robey, J. Molmeaux, H. A. Fitzpatrick, C. C. Metcalfe (stroke) ; H. Bligh, W. Tuc-kcr, J. P. Brindley, W. J. Weatherll; C. P. Robey, J. Duns-niuir, E. Sayers, W. R. Sayers (stroke). Saturday last was fixed for the amateur outriggor race, which formed one of the events on the programme for the Balmain Regatta, it having been postponed owing to the day being unsuitable for the race. The Regatta committee arranged for a steamer to follow the event, and they took the opportunity of inviting Captain Chevalier, of the Pacific mail ship Zealandia, which had done duty as flagship on the Prince of Wales Birthday. The afternoon was fn every respect a fine one, the wind being light from the south-east. The course | was from Long Nose Point, round Schnapper Island, Spectacle Island, and back to starting place. The entries were — G. W. Brett, of the M. R. C. ; David Lord and John Arthur, of the S. R. C. Mr. Elkington succeeded in effecting a splendid start, and for the first 200 yards but slight change could be detected. First Arthur and then Brett would lead by a few feet, till half-way to the dock, where Brett commenced to go away rapidly, but though Arthur and Lord were at their best, neither could get much the better of the other. Brett led past the dock by I one and a-lialf length, the other pair together. Rounding Schnapper Island Brett, who steered a better course than his rivals, and rowed with considerable freedom and judgment, led by three lengths, Arthur being a length in front of Lord. The steering of the two latter from thence to Spectacle Island lost them a lot of ground. Brett turned the island, leading by six to eight lengths, Arthur coming next, leading Lord by two lengths. Brett was not approached throughout the* race, but an excellent struggle for second position took place batween the other competitors. Eventually Brett won by four lengths from Arthur, who was separated from Lord by about the same distance. Time, 19 minutes 15 seconds. The com mittee's steamer then proceeded down the harbour, when Captain Broomfield, on behalf of the committee, made a presentation of a piece of plate to Captain Chevalier, with a present for his lady. Captain Chevalier had given the committee the use of his ship and his personal assistance at the regatta, and after wishing him health, long life, and prosperity, Captain Bloomfield proposed his health. Cap tain Chevalier having returned thanks, Mr. Brady gave the health of Mr. Guest, the chief officer, who is also to receive from the committee a substantial recognition for his ser vices at the regatta. The company separated soon after seven o'clock, after having spent a very pleasant after 1 noon. | Mr. John Thompson, brother ot the well-known book j makers, who are heavy losers by Trickett's defeat, has : been also ' heavily hit,' or ' stonebroke,' as he puts it in a cable to his brother in Melbourne. Mr. Thompson, writing ' from the Bells Tavern, Putney, September 28, to a friend 1 in this city, says : ' It was with the deepest regret that I ! read from one of your local papers a notice reflecting upon j my leaving Australia, and going to join Trickett. It il do*e8 not exactly ticket me as one of the_ class, known as rogue and vagabond, but it couples betting and sculling, and so introduces the bookmaking element _ as derogatory to the interest of the coming great sculline event. Finallv, it puts a plaster on the unkind cut, so cowardly given, by stating I may be a fine fellow in a great inanv respects, and that its intention is anything but to throw discredit on ray private character. It finally refers to what the English I'jess might eay, and goes on to the unfortunate occurrence to Lord Harris on the Sydney cricket-ground. You can imagine my disgust when 1 tell you that I parted wilh my family in Melbourne in order to do all in my power for tbe man who is striving for the glory of Australia. It is obvious that the real meaning of this artkle is to imply that I would be jraiHy of anything, bo long as I could profit by it. All 1 ask is to be judged after all is over. I asked no one to assist ire in my trip to England, and Trickett personally asked ine to follow him to England, and here I am ready to forfeit all I possess to secure, a victory for Trickett. If my coming to England has in any way interfered with Trickett's financial affairs I am very sorry, and regret having come ; but I offer no such sentiment to those who could be so thinskinned and suspicious as to withold their contributions because I am with Trickett. I am in no degree afraid of those who know me being- adverse to what 1 have done. I will, with Harry Kelly's mentorship, train and watch Trickett day and night, if necessary. We will bring him to the post like a young Hercules.' The following extract from a letter by E. Laycock to a friend In Sydney will be read with interest. The letter was dated London, October 7 : — ' Your papers considerably un derrate Blackman ; he is as tall as myself, 25 years of age, and weighs over 12 stone; and as to his pace from Putney to Hammersmith Bridge, one and three-quarter mile, we did the fastest time on record in any race— nine minutes and four seconds, and he was then only a length astern. . My first attempt on the Thames has been a win. As I told you before, Trickett and myself do all our work, aud get on well together. He piloted me through the race in a cutter. The day was veiy wet and windy, and in about two miles 1 rowed Blackman to a standstill. 1 have two more races on, and fancy I can win both. I have seen Hanlan out often, in fact have rowed over the course alongside of him. 1 see very little in him, aud can only conclude that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Trickett, so, bar accidents, he is not in it. His bump of self-esteem is ex ceedingly well developed. He rows open-handed, so I need tell yon no more. I expect we shall have more races on before long. So far we have had fine weather. Wo arc going to row first and second for the Hop Bitters, if it comes off.' Fei haps it 16 too much to say that Trickett's late defeat on the Thames is accounted for, but it is not too much to say lhat his easy defeat is now made most comprehensible. ' Tim Whiffler,' in England, who contributes Sporting Notes to tbe Leader , when writing on 8th October, says : — ' I hear 6trange rumours from those likely to know con cerning your man Trickett. That he is ' all to pieces ' all are agreed, and what is worse he is suffering from a fit of the 4 blues,' whatever complaint that may be. I am in formed, too, that his training is too strong, and that a little less work and a little more ' home-brewed ' would prove beneficial. I have seen horses get as stale as coach horses from overwork ; the same cause, therefore, is likely to make a sculler ' slow as a man in boots.'' If Trickett was in this reduced state early in October, what must his condition have been midway in November ? The weight he rowed (says the Leader) was a clear proof of his being too much reduced, and it wanted nothing more than the remarks penned by ' Tim Whiffler ' to assure us that he was weak and unlit to sustain his reputation in a severe contest when he entered his boat. 