DISTRICT NEWS. [Fkom Correspondents and Journals.] VEGETABLE CREEK. We have been visited by a succession of strong Easterly winds, extending over a fortnight, and the much-wanted rain has not fallen. Grass is drying up fast, and water getting very scarce, causing serious inconvenience to the miners. A deal of excitement has been engen dered by the discovery of rich tin-bearing ground, on Strathbogie, and numerous applications for blocks there have been made. Mr. Gordon has entered protests against several, so that the attention of the Warden's Court will be brought into requisition at an early date. A meeting in aid of the Irish Famine Relief Fund was held,' at Ezzy's Royal Hotel, on Saturday, the 31st. - It is ex- . pected that a goodly sum will be col lected. The Odd Fellows fete, on the 23rd of last month, proved so successful that the Committee, after paying the expenses of the ball and prizes won at the sports, had a balance in hand of £5. This amount they have determined to add to the funds, for the purpose of holding another fete on Queen's birthday, at which a large gather ing is expected. We are blessed with two nightly visit ants at present, both of a startling nature —"The Comet" and "A Ghost." The latter claims the most attention. It is a wonderful ghost, this one of ours, to judge by the different shapes and sizes it assnmeV as detailed by its numerous ob servers^ ItJiag the power of speech such as is in use by the mortals of the Creek. It does not wait for the witching hour of midnight, but keeps itself constantly on hand any hour after dark. It has been visible in several quarters, but the most extraordinary part of its work comes off when invisible padlocks on two huts situ ated in the vicinity of Rose Valley have wrenched themselves off at its presence, and their valuable contents, consisting of a silver Watch, revolver, and bank notes, have transferred themselves to its pro tection. A tent had the audacity, in the absence of its owner, to rip itself from top to bottom, and sundry contents were transferred. Our police are busy in en deavouring to learn the haunts of this unwelcome visitor, but up to the present he has exhibited a marked dislike to " blue." It is to be hoped the " Ghost" i will perform, with all necessary effect, at Sutherland's Academy', in time for my next. A spin of 75 yards, for £o a aide, has been arranged between two of our local peds, J. Kay and J. Murphy, to come off on Saturday, the 21st inst. i Vegetable Creek, Feb. 10, 1880. j 