NOMENCLATURE OP CASSINO. A correspondent Bends tho following to n contem porary :-I would fain call, through your newspaper, tho attention of the heads of the Lands Department to an error which occurs on tho map of New South Wales, with a view to have it corrected with as littlo delay as possible ; whioh error is often repeated in tho various branches of the Lands Offioe, to tho utter disgust of those who understand its meaning. Tho error is Casino, in lieu of " Cassino." Casino is an Italian name, which signifies a brothol of fashion under Government inspection and control. But " Cassino " is that world-renowod pictorial placo between Rome and Naples, whore St. Benedict fixed the parent-houso of his Order, and which in the roll ings of ages beoamo tho providential Areopagus of tho West, tho archives of tho most precious docu ments of. antiquity, Boionce, literature, jurisprudence and art. It waa tho lato Archbishop Polding, in his first pastoral visit to tho Northorn district, that bestowod such a grand namo on tho placo which now bears it. As ho had introduced into tho colony tho namo of "Subiaco," and placod a community of Benedictine Nuns on it, so he waa anxious to have somo township called after " Cassino," to remind tho Australians of the glorious works of the old monks of lho west, whioh they effeotcd in Italy, 1< raneo, Spain t Germany and England,' in thncB of darknoss, wild-' noss, una barbarism. It would bo, then, highly acceptable and praiseworthy to have tho namo of "Casino," BO pregnant of lowd and revolting ideas, changed into that of " Cassino," booauso. its baro sound would bo for any,Well-read gentleman a oom pondiary history of the European civilisation, and would inspire every unprejudiced thinker with feel- , ings of respect and veneration for those holy re-' cluses who are juBtly styled by historians tho " bene factors of humanity," the "eaviourBof Bocioty." Yours, &o.;, COLONIST, Sydney, May 18,1880. . . . The following are from our English contempo rary : CURIOUS CHRISTIAN .NAMES.-On the 10thMarch I baptised a boy, in the parish chnreh of Stone, near Dartford, by tho name of Sou' Wester. His parents were hawkers, passingthrouuh the parish ina house on wheols," and ho was named after an uncle, who had received a similar name from having been born at sea duringja sou'-wcaterly gale. In the church yard of Mappowder, Dorset, is a tombstone, conspi cuously erected, to tho memory of Repentance, wife of So- and-so, who died within tho last 20 years.-W. K. TATE. GHOSTS WANTED.-In "Paradoxical Philosophy," a sequel to that very remarkable book, " The Unseen Universo," reference is made (pp. 187-8), as among " unquestionable apparitions of tho Bpirits of tho departed,"to tho" well-known casein which a murder in New South Wales came to light through the inter vention of such a messenger, whose appearance was sworn to beforo a court of justice." Also, in the DAILY NEWS recently, in an article founded on Dr. I Jessop's late experience at Mannington Hall, as re lated by that gentleman in the ATHENÍEUM of tho 10th nit., it is stated ifc is in Norfolk " that tho cele brated country house exists whore, after certain nights in tho year, no matter how carefully the drawing-room furniture has been adjusted, its doora looked, and its shutters bolted, four chairs are found arranged round the fireplace, as a result of a ghostly conference." If any of your correspondents will kindly inform me where tho best and most authentio accounts of these ghostly visitations are to be found, I shall be truly obligod for the introduction, as I much affect such company.-W. MAUDE. [The Fisher ghost story will continue to be repeated, in face of the many contradictions given to it. Wo propose, in an early number of tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JOUR NAL, to doal with tho matter, we hope finally.-ED.1 AN IRISH CATHEDRAL MYSTERY.-Many yoara ago a lady told mo a curious Btory of some Irish, cathedral. Sho was Irish by birth. The details have faded from my memory, and I shall bo truly glad if any of your readers can aid me in recalling them. This muoh I remember : In tho chapter houBe of the said cathedral was a ohest, locked and I believe sealed, but the key was forthcoming, lt had so remained for generations, the tradition being that it must nover be opened except by a mau who had not been bom. At length a dignitary (I forget whether bishop or dean) was appointed to the cathedral who had not entored the world in the ordinary way, and teoling that he was tho man fore told, and that it was his mission to loam tho great sooret hidden in the chest for generations, he shut himself up in tho roam to fulfil his destiny. He came, out a graver man,' never divulgod what he had seen or learned, and soon after died. This is the story told to me. Can any ono throw light upon it ?-B. J. FRENCH CHARMS TOR THE EVIL EYE.-All who have resided in Franco are aware that every good Catholic carries a médaille bénite, to preserve him or her from every imaginable ill. But there is a oustom, presumably of Italian origin, which obtains ina more limited circle, of the existonce of which in France I was quito ignorant until within tho last few days. It consists of the employment of a charm which is supposed to counteract tho offeots of the evil eye." Believers in the pernicious influence exercised by that perverted visual organ carry, either aB a pendant to the watch chain or aB a- breast pin, a piooe of forked coral in the shape of the letter Y; or, upon entering,/, the presence of _ strangers, oxtend tho fore and little fingers of either hand; Both charms ara oonr sidorod infallible. Perhaps some of your «orrespond ents can throw light upon tho origin of this curious custom.-G. PEEEATT. THE PRONUNCIATION OP " ANTHONY."-Con sidering that this name is of Latin origin, viz., from " Antonius" and in English, though less frequently, is written without "h," I think the "h" ought to be eliminated, as a mistake, both in writing and pronouncing it: It has probably crept in by am erroneous derivation from a Greek noun spelt with "o."-H. KREBS. CURIOUS NOTIFICATIONS.-In the WEEKLY MAGAZINE, published inEdinburgh, August 12,1773, under the head " Deaths," the following appears : "In Ireland, Mr. Edward Purdon, formerly of Trinity' College, Dublin. Ho was woll known from a variety ot translations, compilations, &c.; Tho following' extemporo was written on his death by a correspondent : ' Hero Hos poor Ned Purdon, from Misery freed "Who long was a bookseller's hack. He lead such a damnable lifo in th ii World, I don't think, he'll over come back.' " In tho same magazine, tho Bamo year, but on Sep tember 9, under tho " Marriages" : " Augt.-. At Kirkcudbright, tho Eov. Mr. JohnGUegpie, Minister of Kells, to Lady Bagraw, a young "Widow Lady, with a handsome fortune, and entirely suitablo to the Charaotor of a Clorgyman."-ALFBED Cit. JONAS. A MODERN SUCCESSOR TO COMMODORE TRUN NION.-Those who remember the famous occupants of the "Garrison" in "Peregrine Pickle," may be intorosted in tho following oxtract from a leading; articlo in tho STANDARD of the 7th instant, with re gard to a gentleman now deceased :- . .. He lived in an old mansion surrounded by a high wall, in which ho preserved military disciplino as if it wero a garrison in a Btnto of siogo, firing signal guns at regular hours, and otherwiso behaving as if ho believed his life in danger. His bed was decorated with black hearse-plumes and human skulls, which, ho said, reminded him each night of tho etornity ho bad to expect: Ho believod, or professed to believe, in tho transmigration of souls, and treated his doga as if they wore inarticulate human beings, honouring them with tho ceremony of Christian sepulture, and leav ing to thc survivors among them legacies, intruet, under his will. In all other respocts ho was a shrewd man of tho world, a gentlononn, an accomplished scholar, and fitted to mix in any society. In "Macmillan's Magazino" for July, 1873, thero was a somewhat similar account of a Hertfordshire worthy, Capt. Hindo, who lived in an old-fashioned country Houso called Preston Castle, and waB sup posed to bo the roal original of My Unolo Toby in Tristram Shandy," although Storne haB been accused of copying in this instance from Smollett. Tho above extract shows, however, that real life' can produco moro than ono of theso eccentric characters.-H. At tho opening of tho bazaar at Brisbane, in aid of All Saints' Church funds, the Acting Governor (Mr. Bell) said ho was very happy to open the bazaar, as he bohoved it was to bo conducted on as honest a principle as was usual in Buch undertaking«. Ho wished it evory success, as ho believed the All Saints puoplo woro particularly good people- Ho did not know whether they wore high church, low church, or broad ohnroh, but All Saints was a very pleasant church to go to, and the Binging was vtry good. 