WESLEYAN HOME MISSION. The annual meeting of the. Queensland Wesleyan Home Mission Society was Held last evening in the Albert-street, Wesleyan Church, and waa moderately attended. Mr. W. Brookes occupied the chair, and, aftor explaining the object of the meeting, referred to the bad example and injurious influence ot men in high places, men entrusted with the administra tion of the publio affairs of the colony, with reference .to everything connected with reli gion ; and urged those present the necessity for increased activity in the way in which they were engaged. The Rev. R. Allen, secretary to the Eociety, then read the annual report, which snowed mac ineir income irom ail sonrces tor tho year ending September 30 was £142 12s. 5d. — a considerable increase on that of several preceding years. This wus doubtless due in some measure to the earnest advocacy of the sooiety's claims by the ohairman of the district during his official visitation of tho several circuits of this colony. The highest aim of the society was the salvation of their own country, men by the establishment of the ordinances of Diviae worship in connection with the Wes leyan Methodist Church throughout this vast colony, and in order to accom plish this end it was necessary that the committee should have at their disposal a regular increase in the annual income, as urgent appeals for aid were presented to the society every year. Tho committee were anxious to make this something more than a mere con tingent fund, and would therefore respectfully urge the exorciBO of greater attention and dili gence in diffusing information respecting the society's operations, and in carefully canvassing every circuit, under the conviction that a regu lar augmentation of the society's funds might thuB be secured. The following erections had been completed during the past yeur : — Church at Toowong, coBt £456 ; new vestry, Ipswich, cost £130 ; church, Tallegalla, Ipswioh oircuit, cost £60 : new parsonage, Toowoomba. cos £592; new parsonage, Gympio, cost £500; and a parsonage purchased at Warwick, cost £337. Improvements had been effected on church property as follows : — Albert-street parsonage, £60 ; Stanley-street church, £45 ; parsonage, £13 ; Warwiok ohurch, £35; Ipswich church, £50; Charters Towers parsonage, £70; Pim pama church, £10. The following suuis have been granted this year, namely : — Ann-street, £50 towards furnishing a second married minister's residence; Charters Towers, £35 towards oirouit deficiency ; and Nerang, in the Pimpama cirouit, £10 towards the erection of a church, on condition that it be opened free from debt. The loan fund had already rendered valuable service to the Ohuroh. The first year £1,000 were loaned withobt interest, thua re lieving the following trusts from the burden of debt: — Paddington, £100 ; Toowoomba, £450; Ipswich, £350 ; Rockhampton, £180 ; Brisbane (Ann.street). £360 ; West End, £20. The fol lowing applications for loans have been re ceived and granted thiB year :— Townaville (ohurch), £100, to be repaid in five years ; Gympio (parsonage), £160, to be repaid in six years. The Rev. It. Sellors, treasurer, ? read the balanoe-eheet. Tho! Rev.1 F. .T: 'Brentnall then moved :— ' That the report now read be adopted, and that this meeting offers its thanks to Almighty God for tbe measure of. sucoess with whioh Ho has orowned the efforts of the Wesleyan Ohurch in this colony during the past year; and earnestly prays that in order to greater usetulness we may De savoured with the more abundant outpouring of tho Holy Ghost.' Mr. O. Fletoher ' seconded tha motion, whioh was put and carried unani mously. On the motion of Rev. H. Sailors, Beconded by Mr. (i. Kogera, it was resolved : — ' That thiB meeting cheerfully recognises the great assistance whioh this society renders to all tho interests of Methodism in this land, more especially in tha establishment aud main tenance of the ordinances of religion; and in view of the urgent spiritual wants, both iu town and country, pledges itself to a steady and generous support of its funds.' Mr. O. M. Foster moved, and tho Rev. K. Allen seconded : — ' That tho thanks of this meeting are hereby presented to the members of tho committee, to all tho officers of the society, and to the collectors, for their valuable services during the past year ; and that the following gentlemen, with all the' ministers of tho dis trict, form tho committee for tho ensuing year, namely — Messrs. O. M, Fostor, N. Lade, J. A. Lavis, J. Orowther, J3. Campbell, J. 'Fox,. O. Fletcher, T. F. Merry, A.Rutledge, G. Rogers, H. Jordan, F. Ournow, J. Lord, G: I. Bourne, J. Potts, J. A. Noble, M. Mellor, and JR. Alaud.' The Rev. It. Sellors and Mr. N. Lade to be troasurors of tho Homo Mission Society, and Messrs. J. Lord and 0. Flotdher treasurers of the Loan Fund, and Mr. G. I. Bonrno secretary.' Tho motion was carried- unani- mously. ' ','?'' , . A hearty voto of 'thanks to ,the ehairman terminated the proceedings. 