SAMPSON GIDEON. THE writer of the City Scraps in the City Press relates the following of Sampson Gideon :—The name of Gideon is now little heard; but at one time most assuredly he was one of our merchant princes. I refer to Simeon Gideon, who knew how to make himself the friend of Robert Wal- pole, who was tolerant enough to avail himself of the help of a Jew in those financial complica- tions in which he was necessarily concerned. One of the principal sources of revenue for the State was the lottery, and it was thus Gideon made his money. But he made his master stroke in 1745, when the great Jacobite insur- rection threw the British world, and the mer- cantile public especially, into the wildest con- sternation. The panic on 'Change was universal. The funds fell with incredible rapidity, and men wanted to sell at any price. Simeon Gideon was almost the only man who did not lose his head. Instead of selling, he spent every penny he had or could borrow in buying. This was in the month of November. During the following month, the public mind oscillated between hope and fear. At length, at the end of April of 1746, the news arrived of the Battle of Culloden, of the complete defeat of the in- surgent army, of the flight of the -Pretender, and of the triumphant suppression of the rebellion by the Duke of Cumberland. It was then Simeon Gideon began to sell, and found himself in possession of something like a quarter of a million—a sum which in the course of four- teen or fifteen years quadrupled itself. Gideon's ambition was to found an English house. He was too old, he said, to change his religion, but he had his children baptized; and through Walpole's instrumentality his oldest son was made a baronet in his eleventh year. It was hard work for Gideon pére a to make a Christian of the lad. "Who made thee ?" on one occasion he asked the boy. "God," was the proper reply. "Who redeemed thee?" was the next question, to which the boy replied, "Jesus Christ.' Then came a third question, which the father had unfortunately forgotten, "Who-who," he stammered; and then, nothing better occur- ring to him, he asked, "Who has given you this hat?" The young catechumen is reported to have confidently replied, "the Holy Ghost." Gideon senior died in the faith of his fathers in 1762\. He left behind him as heirs of his im- mense fortune a son and daughter, and legacies amounting to about 10,000 thalers, which were to be divided equally between Jewish and Christian benevolent societies and the poor. We read in the letter of a contemporary— "Gideon is dead, and his whole inheritance is worth more than the whole of Canaan." 