QENEBAL •OT8; At.a [meeting^ of, hairdressers held, on Thursday'eseningjNqyember 11, it was decided i hat they should hold a picnic;on December i?8r ihe following passengers have booked to leave, by. jthe Br.M.S. Malwa, which sails on SundaySir: George, and Miss Kingston, for: Bombay. ; An . advertisement in another" column stateB thatthe re-opening of- Kreitmeyer's Wax works Exhibition, which wasannounoed to take' 'place" to- morrow, at the To wn'ECaU Exchange ■Boom, is poStponed. Mr. Charles Maple, of Torrens Vale, who has just returned from a visit to Koolywurtie, has left at this office a bundle of wheat ears so very badly- affected with rust as to be utterly worthless. They were taken from a crop of 200 acres of the purple straw variety, grown by Mr. J. C. Tonkin, of Koolywurtie, the whole of which is so seriously diseased as to be past hope. Mr. Maple states that most of the crops in the district where this was grown are suffering more or less from the disease. The anniversary i of the Congregational Church, Houghton, was successfully celebrated on Sunday, November 7, and Tuesday, Novem ber 9. On Sunday Mr. Douglas preached in the morning, Mr. F. Basey in the afternoon, and the Rev. Osric Copland in the evening. There j were large congregations at each gathering. On j Tuesday there was a public tea, followed by a 1 public.meeting, when ths ohurch was crowded. jTbe Bev. O. Copland occupied the chair, Ad j dresses were delivered by Messrs. G. Robertson, fj. Tasker, T. Williams, and H.Beaney. The |treasurer (Mr. J. Alcorn) read his report, Whioh [showed, that a; balance" remained in hand from last year of "£7-5«. 2§d., which, with the proceeds ;from the anniversary, made -a total of £'29 |3s. 5|d. The deacon (Mr. G. McEwin) .reported that out of a congregation numbering [from eighty to ninety there 'are fifty-seven [church members; fifteen new members had been admitted during, the year, and two; had been [removed by death. DuriDg the year there had ibeen collected in the church' in addition to the sum mentioned in the treasurer's report £183 3s. iDurirg the evening several appropriate "pieces were efficiently "rendered by the choir; Miss jGdllop presiding at the harmonium; ! The"' following is Friday 'morning's iweather. report on .the Adelaide and Port jDarwin Telegraph Line sr-Port Darwin, S.B, 'cloudy,fine; Sonthpprt, N.W.,cloudy, thunder storm yesterday; Yam Creek, N.W., oloudy, fioe, ithunderstorm yesterday; Pine -Greek-, calm, jclouoy;-.fine, tdunderstorm': yesterday; Kiver "Catherine; -N.W.y . cloudy,fine, tbauderstorm; •yesterday;; Daly Waters, calm, cloudy, fide; 'Powell Creek, 8.E., clear, fine; Tenrant Greek, N.W., clear, Sdc; Barrow Creek, S.E., olear, fine; Alioe Spriogs, S.E., oloudy, fine; Charlotte Water?, S.E., dear, fine; Peake, S.;V| clear, fineij Strang ways Springs.ealm, dear, fide;" Farin a,r calm, dear, fine; Beltana, S.W., dlear, finds/.! •• . • ;" :: , ' s The-.only iff est intelligence to record in connection with the strike of navvies on the Nairne railway works is that the drivers to the number of 70 or 80 have, joined the other men on strike. It seems that ^n Thursday morning the drivers were asked to go to work in the cut tings with the pick and shovel, which they re? fused to do, and at once united with the other men. They took part in the mass meeting held subsequently, and expressed their determination to stand out with the naVvies to' the end on the eighthours' question; The men srevefy anxiouB \- to have.it dearly, understood that they are no w contending only for arednotion of their working hours and not for an increased wage; and they also state that theyare' quite willing to meet the contractors dialfway in any proposal with a view to a compromise being effected. The commission appointed by .His Exp ediency the Governor to cph8ider,,,'the best means bf the Government .acquiring the wharfs knd wharf frontages at Port Adelaide and other seaports, where State money has been or wiU be expended on the improvement of such ports, and of vesting the management in harbor trosts, express their willingness by .advertisement to examine any persons who may be interested in tie question,and who may wish to give evidencq thereon. To Save expense and trouble to 'wit nesses. the commission will take the evidence of residents at Port Wakefield, ,Port, Pirie, and Port AugUsta when visiting those ports. ' We understand that Mr. M. J. Solomon; of the firm of M. J. Solomon & Co., auctioneers; who , waa compelled,- some eight years ago, , to make an assignment, paid the whole of his old creditors in full on Thursday. . . By a message from Port Darwin to the Adelaide Telegraph.?Department courteously forwarded to us we learn that the Thales, steamer, eailed from Port Darwin for Oooktown at 4 p.m. on Thursday, November 11, with twelve European and eight Chinese passengers,and 219 ounces of gold. . : ' At the meeting of the Marine Board on; Thursday, November 11, a recommendation;, made by the Inspector of -Oyster- beds to the. effect'fhat Coffin s Bay and Kiilidy Bay should: becloBed for oyster-dredging for another year; was approved. : The following, tenders fbr Government5 works were opened on Monday, November 8:—At: the Engineer-ih-'Chiei'B office r=For; conatruot-; ing a carriage running shed at. Port" Augusta,! three tenders,' J. Sedimary lowest; At the Architect-in-Ohief's office—For erecting a post1 and telegraph 'office, at Endunda, lowest not; declared. ;.. Our attention, has been drawn to the ' kindness, manifested towards the non- com*, missioned officers and men of the Local Military! Force by their officers, at the military demon- '; strat ion on Tuesday, in the matter of the supply * of refreshments, while the men are also grate ful to Mr. F. Redman of the Sir John Barley corn Hotel, who. generously, gave two thirty-; gallon barrels of ale and cider, and provided; vans and assistants who'followed in the line of route.' About 200 volunteers mustered at tKe j Staff Office in answer to'an alarm gnn fired at: "8.15on Thursday night, and a some.vhat novel' parade took place jat about 10 o'clock. A great: number of the men wore their working clothes,! not having had time! to put on their uniform.} Tbey proceeded, headed by the Military Band,: along North-terrace, through King William street, down.'Flinders-street, and back to the? Staff Office through Gawler- place. The officers! prerent were Colonel: Mathews, ..Captain ,Solo ii 0D, and Lieutenants Strother and Drew.-5 iSt-veral of. the members of the Rifle Association: turned out, - ; : 1 Dr.- Joyce has shown us. a pen-and-ink i drawing of the proposed Adelaide.Bye Infir-i -rnary, which has been designed by Messrs.: li-Dglish &. Soward, and which iB "to be erected On | a two-acre block, of land on the south side of! the park lands, and almost facing the old butts.; The building-will apparently be a neat and sub- ] stantial structure, and will provide accommqda tion fcr.a large number of'patients; The archi- • frets have generously consented to superintend the erection Of the edifice for half the usual1 commission. The drawing is on view at the shop of Mr. G. Robertson, bookseller; ; The Full Court sat on Thursday, Novem-. ber 12. Several cases were postponed on abcount \ of the absence of counsel and the short notice! given of the sittings of the court. The cause of i Mcholls v. Nicholls, a divorce suit instituted by the husband, was directed to be tried beforb a .j udge on affidavit. Haldane y. Haldane, a wife's; suit for a judicial separation, was direoted to be i tried orally before a judge. In Lee v. Lee,: a motion by a husband to be allowed to pro-i cecd in a suit for divorce without ■ naming a co- ] respondent was directed to be renewed, and j fuller information supplied as to the enquiries ' made concerning the wife's adultery, " 5 Through, the kindness iif the City Mission committee the teachers and scholars of the Mi ssion Hall.. Sabath-school,' numbering over 100, were enabled to celebrate, the Prince ef Wales' Birthday by their annual picnic, the site chosen being the grounds at Raith,.Spring bank, ; to .-. which. they were . conveyed in waggonettes and springcarts. Games incidental to Sunday-school treats were enterecTinto with zest, and prizes were: awarded to the suocessful competitors for raoing,c skipping, &o.; One of the most pleasant gatherings in connection with the Fchool was brought to a close by hearty cheers for the propietor'f bribe use of the grounds. . A sale of leases of a'deep well in the Hun dred of Morgan, well in the Hundred of Earilpa, pastoral leases North and. East Boolooomata Rnp, townallotments in Pickering,- Penola North, Loohiel, Snowtown, Oowell, suburban sections in the Hundred Barunga, and suburban to BroughtoD,-' Owen, Lapford, and Snowtown, Crown lands Hundreds Balaklava and Wallarob, took place at at the Land. Office on Thursday, November 11; There was a large attendance, and. the bidding was brisk-and high. The highest .price realised was for seotioh -62, 36 perches,. _ .Hundred PJayford, .County Jervois, Messrs. Miller & Smythe being.the purchasersat £175. . . Gunner Green, who was injured at the military demonstration; on the Prince of Wales' Birthday by an unlimbered gun knocking' him down and going over his cbett 'is recovering, i' bitunately the injuries~are not' so serious as , was at"first anticipated, being chiefly restricted' ifi-a dislocated cellar-bone.; By an oversighc.no means of conveyance had been provided for r< moving any of the men who might be injured, (o;Adelaide, and-Green was indebted to' Mr. Albert Hay ward, who drove him first to the hospital and.thento.his private;residence. A letter of thanks was senttoMr. .Hayward tiy. Lieut.-Goloneh Matthews; who" oommaaded the fuice with which Green is-connected/ - > Mr. Laurence, the agent for Kieitmeyer'A Waxworks, informs us that after a Bnccesaful tour .in" the'North',~-the exhibition will reopen on Saturday next 'in the' Town' Hall Exchange room."- .- -' Michael Goodwin, who was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on November 1, suffering from injuries^ received by falling off a horse at Stansfcury,L died on Thursday morning, . Tbe coroner having been communicated with,; is. making enquiries, and an inquest will probably be held. ■ -- , . ?. /. The. fancy fair which was opened on the Prince of Wales's Birthday, and continued on the two succeeding days, in the Glenelg in stitute; for the purpose of liquidating the debt on St, F eter's schoolroom has Reen a great success. On Thursday evening a large number attended, and ;a. very brisk business was done. The total proceeds amounted to between £230 and £240, which will considerably reduce the debt on the school. As there is a large surplus of good's of all descriptions . still unsold it is intended to c-ohtinne the Bale on Saturday next. - Professor Pepper's ghost entertainment at Garner's Theatre wag again well attended on Thursday evening. The programme presented on the.previous night was repeated with some : slight alterations, and was received with loud ! manifestations, of approbation. . This evening Professor Pepper takes :.his farewell benefit, and many novelties wilt' be introduced in the ■ programme, among others the burning of a dia mond, furnished by Hr. A. Hay, jeweller.' Apart, from the attractive programme, the great popularity .of. . Professor Pepper will , doubtless induce" the: attendance of . a large auditpry 'at his benefit; "The isecjetary" of the South; Australian Cricketing Association has-received ar telegram from Mr. George Alexander,' manager for the Australian .Eleven, from Albany, intimating the .team's willingness to prolong their stay in 'Adelaide till our players retUrn from Melbourne. Mr. Alexander adds that 'they are all well. ' An infinentid reception committee has been formed to meet the Eleven on their arrival, but aV the" .steamer will most probably arrive at Giene'g on" Sunday-their landing will necessarily be U quiet" ;one. - His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide will give them a public welcome in the Town Hall on Monday, and a grand banquet will be given n their honor on a date to be fixed. |w: H;M.S. Pinafore " continues id " Attract vcrowjded houses to tbeTheatte Royal, atfd'now that; the performers are familial with ihexr . parts the opera goeawithcommehdable brisk- - . ness and jellity throughout. We like Madame ' Hersee's representation of the heroine Josephine, now that she plays with, a con scientious regard to the requirements of the character. In point of style and execution her isinging is admirable, and the lady-like manner in which she poortrays " the lass who loved a sailor," is as enjoyable as it Is effective. Mr. Beaumont as Ralph Backstraw sings and plays inj his usual efficient manner. Mr; Verdi is< Tvery well fitted with the part of Captain Corcoran, and deserves the applauBOi with .whioh he is greeted in bis principal song. - Mr. Vernon appeared to great advantage as Sir Joseph Porter, and although his acting is not- so good as Williamson's his singing is Bnperior, and he will compare very favorably with those who have preceded him in the charaoter on the Adelaide boards. Mr. Templeton has not yet mastered the peculiarities ofDiok Deadoye, but he renders the song in the opening of the second act in a very creditable style. The other parti are fairly filled, and the midshipmite and Little Hebe deserve a word of encouragement. The cl eras and Mr. Barcourt Lee and the orchestra are all determined to make " Pinafore " a sue . cess, so that,the entertainm* nt has now become an attractive one that will maintain its hold on public favor for another week at hast. —The usual return of the quantity of land sold, and the amount received by-the Govern ment on account of land daring the month of . October, .is published in the Government Gazette. 7 The amount paid into the Treasury on aoconnt of cash sales was £3,20416s. 7d., of whioh £899 lis. 7d. was made np of balances from previous auction sales, and £1,899 7s. was paid as de posits on 8 acres 21 perches of township lands, for whioh £365 3s. 9d. was bid; 1,396 aores 3 roods of suburban lands, for whioh £5,865 15s. was bid; 384 aores of land, already passed the hammer, sold at £1 per acre, and 22 acres small blocks allowed to be selected also disposed of at £1 per aire. The total area sold for cash was 1,810 acres 3 roods 21 perches, for whioh £6,636 18s. 9d. was bid. Under the cash system a . total area of 34,438 acres was disposed of, of which 25,816 acres . were newly-opened. 1 country lands, for whioh £26,101 13s. was covenanted to be paid; 3,067 acres of forfeited lands, again offered and selected, for which £3,638 3s. 6d. was bid, and 555 aores of lands that, bad passed the hammer disposed cf at £1 per acre. The amount paid into the Treasury on account of cash sales was £3,529 16s. In. addition to the above the following amounts were receivedCompletion of pur chase of 20,358§ acres, under Act 14 of 1868-9, . &o.;, £28,55812s. lOd.; payment of one-quarter purchase-money, .£253 15s.; payment of half .purchase-money, under clause 22 of Aot 18 of 1872, £3,626 7s. ; payment ef portion of pur chase-money, £334 lis. 3d.; second instalment : of interest, £1,446 7s. 6d.; extension of oredit for three-fourths of purchase- money, under clauselof Acfc_4 of 1869-70, £236 7s. Id.; ex tension ef oredit for half of purchase-money,; under clause 22 of Act 18 of 1872, £1,086 11b. ; 4d.; interest on overdue amounts, £283 6s. 6d.; . and £4219s. was received for improvements. A number of gentlemen visited Messrs. Forwood, Down, & .Go.'s iron foondry on Thursday, November 11, for the purpose of inspecting a locking gear apparatus for regn IsitiBg railway points , and signals whioh has just been manufactured to the order of the Go vernment. The apparatus ia intended to be ; fixed in the nevy. signal cabin lately erected atI the junction of the Nairne with the Port line ' in the Adelaide station yard. It will work the points and signals for tbe junction, and is so arranged as to prevent, the signalman from giving any conflicting signal or pulling any I oint lever wbioh may bring trains into oolli t ion ; indeed with this apparently elaborate and yet perfectly simple arrangement it would seem utterly impossible for any collision to occur, as when the levers which work the main line signals are moved, even to the extent of one oufiter of an inch, it is an impossibility to move the branch signal levers, and if a main line train is passing over the points when the signals show danger, the branch points are "so set and locked that no train can pass from branch to main. The apparatus has , been designed in the office of tbe Engineer-in- Ohief, and is a modification of and a great improvement on the apparatus which has been for some time in nBe in the Adelaide yard. Great care has been taken to make all the parts strong and easy of access, and the parts are so arranged that if at any future time it should be found necessary to alter the rods or signals the interlocking can be easily transposed. Both the Commissioner of Public Worksahd the Engineer-in-Chief seem to be folly, impressed with the idea that more precautions are absolutely necessary for the safety of the public now that the number of trains has so much increased, and they are de termined to " adopt.. the most modern and scientific methods for reducing the risks of ac cidents to a minimum. "Messrs. Forwood, Down, and Cs. have given great satisfaction by toe way in which they have exeouted their work, and it is a matter for congratulation that the work has been executed in the colony at about the eame price it would have cost if ordered from England. Mr. B. A.: White, the superin tendent of signals at the Adelaide station yard, who supervised the work, explained the work ing of toe apparatus to the visitors, and has famished us with the following description:— "The apparatus' consists of fifty levers, each 7 feet long, working on wronght-iron turned shafts. There are ten cast-iron foot plates, measuring in length from outside to outside about 22 feet and in width 4 feet. Each foot-plate -has five slots, through which the levers pass. The foot-plates are supported by eleven cast- iron standards which also carry the turned shafts. The tails of the point or switch levers are attached to the points by pipe-rods, and those of the signal levers to the signals by wires. Abont the centre of the length of each lever is attached a looking-bar, with wronght iron inclined Bidepieces working through cast iron guides; these inolined sidepieoes pass through brass aotuatihg looks, screwed to wrought-iron slide bars; which slide bars are at right angles to the looking bars; on'these slide bars cast-iron locks are also screwed. The operation of pulling the lever moves the point or signal to wbioh it is attached, and at one and the same time draws the locking-bar through the actuating.lock,'and/by means of the in i clit ed planes the slide bars are made to travel ! the cast-iron locks into or oat of notches | cut in the locking bars, thereby looking | or releasing other levers." Tho Government i we. understand already. " have a Bimilar j apparatus- of a smaller type now in use, and they .intend to have three altogether for as | ft this mile end in the station yard/and at the [ junction of the Port and North lines. After the | inspection of the apparatus the visitors went | through the works and took a oasual glancs at ; the varied machinery .whioh is in use on the ; premises, and at some of the work turned out. | An adjournment was made to the Boyal Oak j Hotel'subsequently, and Mr. H. Eraser, M.P., | proposed; the health of the firm of Forwood, . Down & Co., saying he was glad to see the ex : cellent work which they were capable of turning i out, and hoped that it wonld have the: effect of i making the Government and the pnblio place 'more faith ini the, capabilities of. colonial ' manufacturers than hitherto. Mr. Forwood j returned thanks, and; explained the way in [which he had taken the contract from j tbe Government, and .tbe way it had been | carried oat at about English price. Mr. W. F. ; Gray proposed the health of Mr. B. A. White, : and said he was glad to see that the Government ; engineers were taking; the trouble to utilise colonial labor. ~ He alluded to the American • bridges,and said they were disgracefulspeoimcns ! of work. He hoped tbat colonial workmanship | wonld soon enjoy a higher reputation than at 'present. Mr. White, in response, said a great ideal of blame was attached to colonial manu facturers, because they would not take the [trouble to go into the details of the drawings, jand therefore had to allow large amounts for [contingencies.' Mr. J.F. Oonigrave proposed the •health of Mr.Fraser, saying that he had always •manifested a lively interest in the promotion of colonial industry, and Mr. Fraser suitably re | ponded. 