NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, June 15. The President took the chair at twenty-eight minutes past 3 o'clock PAPERS Sir JOHN ROBERTSON laid upon the table of the Council, (he Report of the university of Sydney for 1879 Regula- tions under the Lands Acts Further Amendment Bill of 1886 and Abstracts of Crown Lands for Water Supply, cities, towns and villages, and other public purposes It was ordered that the documents be printed Mr Svui,el laid upon the table plans, sections, and books of reference in connection with the railway from Gunnedah to Narrabri PETITIONS. Mr Noktov prevented a petition from a Mr Furlong against certain conditional purchases being included in the bill to validate certain conditional purchases Mr Dvuiri presented a petition from forty-three firms and merchants asking; the Council to insist upon its amendments in the Secret Bills of Sale Bill The petition was read by the clerk Mr Piddington presented petitions against Hamilton being incorporated in the electorate of Newcastle, and Mines in that of List Maitland The petitions were received EXECUTIVE COUNCIL BILL The Executive Councillors Functions Substitutions Bill was received from the Assembly, and on the motion of Sir John Rom who, read a first time ELECTORAL BILL The Council went into committee for the further consideration of this bill Clause 25-" Candidate to deposit £40 with returning officer,' and clause 20, which was consequential upon the same-were postponed on the motion of Mr. Booker, who thought, if they were agreed to, they would clash with 1 rose 32, introduced in the Assembly with a view to prevent plumping Clause So At every poll the voting shall commence at 8 o'clock in the forenoon, and shall finally close at 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the same day, unless adjourned as hereinafter provided, by reason or not or other interruption Andoveiv elector shall vote for a number of candidates equal to the number of members then to be elected, and even ballot-paper not containing an equal number, or containing a greater number of names of candidates, or without the initials, of the presiding officer, shall be rejected at the close of the poll " Mr. PIDDINGTON moved as an amendment,-" After 'interruption' omit remainder of clause, insert and every election vote for an) number of candidates not exceeding the number of members then to be chosen, and any ballot paper containing a greater number of names of candi- al wires, or without the initials of the presiding officer, shall be rejected at the close of the poll " " He said his proposi- tion was a simple one The clause as it was presented to the Council provided that each elector should vote for the number of candidates required in his electorate His proposition was simply to allow the law to remain as it was at present hear, hear-and to negative the amend meat introduced by the Assembly on the 20th of last month the in fat thing that struck him was that there was no known pu codent for such a clause such an infringement of the rights of the electoral body, in any country in the world Let them take from the time of the glorious revolution of the sixteenth century, and they would find that although there had been many alterations in the open town laws no such dangerous proposition as this had been aimed at the rights of electors line he considered sufficient to induce hon gentlemen to vote against the clause Many great political reformers in England had proposed to alter the electoral laws who, hobeheyed, were quite as able as Mr Garrett, but they had never dreamed of interfering with the yoters'nghta in this way they never dreamed of compelling an elector to vote for a candidate he detected and objected to And what had been done in England during the last fifty years under the M stem of plumping, which it it is proposed to abolish here ' the Test and Corporation Act was repealed, the abolition of slavery in the West Indies, and the monopoly of the East India Company was effected, the old municipal cor pointions y\ ore abolished and fresh ones put in their place, the admission of Jews to Parliament was rather ed, and the abolition of the corn laws was insisted upon [An hon gentleman Was that done by plumping f\ Ile dm ed to say ltyyas This clause would make them one of pains and penalties [Sir John Robertson. Nothing of the kind ] supposing six candidates were put up at East Sydney, loan of whom were free-traders and two protectionists The protectionist electors would be compelled to vote for the free-trade candidates [Sir John Roiilktso> they could nominate more protection candidates ] He would deal with one question at a time, and he would ask the Vice- President of the Executive Council if, in the history of this i colony, he could point out, many electoral law, any instance in which such an infamous clauses this had been propOsed Iheiehadnot been, in the his tory of this colony, such an attempt to murder the elector s who desired to vote for the men of their choice the representation of the people involved the right of every man to vote according to his conscience, and this proposal is struck at the very root of representation when it deprived an elector of his right to exercise free choice He (Mr Piddington) had many years ago, voted in the Assembly in support of the ballot, but this proposal of Mr Thomas Garrett was an infringe- ment of the secrecy of the ballot, for it followed the elector into the polling booth and compelled him, under certain circumstances to vote for certain candidates, whether he approved of those candidates or not And this was the bill that Mr Thomas Garrett would thrust upon the people of this country Sir JOHN ROBERTSON rose to order The hon. member had referred in a highly improper manner to the introduction of this measure This bill had been sent to this Chamber by the Legislative Assembly and not by Mr Gittrclt Mr PIDDINGTON said that a short time ago Mr Green had addressed his constituents at Camden upon the whole of this question, and in defence of this proposal, and he ("Mr Piddington) had therefore a right to refer to it and My Gal i eft's proposal. Sir GEORGE INNES, in giving his ruling upon the point of order, said that it was not in order to refer to the debates in the other House, but he was not aware of any rule that would prey cut in hon. member referring to matters that look place outMcle Mr PIDDINGTON continued to say that he found that this proposal was passed by 66 votes against 17, six of the majority and one of the minority being members of the Ministry and he had been informed that many of those members who had voted in support of this proposal in the Assembly had really been taken by surprise, and would be glad of an opportunity of rev crying their votes We had to consider tlioextnioidinarv manner in which this proposal was introduced in the Legislative Assembly Mr Garrett had sprung a mine under the feet of the members of the Assembly Mr S VUDLL said the hon member was out of order in referring to the debates in the other Chamber Sir GEORGE INNES said that he did not think that the hon. member was transgressing the rules of debate in what he had said, and might fairly) argue that the members of the other House had been taken by surprise Mr PIDDINGTON said he was afraid that free discussion on this subject was disliked by Ministers of the Crown, who did not care to have the matter fairly argued He contended that the members of the Legislative Assem- bill had been taken by summery this proposal, no notice of it having been given, and he had just then received a memorandum informing him that it was quite true that several members who had voted for the clause would be glad to undo what they had done, and the names of those mere - beds were given, but he did not care to read them out It was easily to be conceived that had the ordinary rule been followed, and a fortnight's notice given, the narrow iiujorityhj which this clause had been passed would have been turned into a minority, notwithstanding the support of a strong Ministry He had found that Mr. Garrett had proceeded to Camden and enlightened the, good people of that town in reference to his monstrous proposal. It was a very laudable custom for hon. members to visit their con statements during the recess, but it was something new for in hon on her to do so while Parliament was still sitting. The following were extracts from Mr Garrett's speech - The number of members under the present law was 73, but under that proposed it would be IOS , 48 would be returned by twenty-four constituencies returning two each, 12 by Sydney, three by Mudgee, and the remainder by fort very e single electorates Under their present law also he desired it to be understood only) five electorates Camden, Canterbury, the Hawkesbury, Central Cumberland, and Parinmnttn-loturned two members each Under the law proposed there would be twenty-four such electorates he desired them to dwell with him for a moment upon the effect of the change in the number of elector votes returning two members each They had now only five of these, and in nearly every case each had returned one member in opposition to the other, and thus disfranchised itself, for the vote of one member under such circumstances must neutralize that of his opponent This was bad enough where there were only five constituencies, but how much worse for the country would it be when there were twenty-four If each of these returned two members opposed to each other, there would be twenty-four members on one side of the Abeamblv neutralizing by their votes the votes of twenty-four members returned with them, but sitting on the other side. At the last general election he and Captain Onslow were returned for Camden, and on the question of education the wishes of the son stituency were nullified, because he was a nationalist and Captain Onslow was a denominationalism And take the case of Central Cumberland Mr. Lackey and Mr. M'Culloch were opposed to each other on nearly every question. And the same way with Parramatta Mr. Taylor and Mr. Long went against each other in the matter of education. Were they, with their eyes open, to perpetuate this state of things to five times its present extent P This brought him, naturally, to an amendment of his, which had become known as Mr Garrett's gazettes a constituency returned only one member, the wishes of the majority were obtained, and his vote had some effect, but in the case of double constituencies something; must be done, by means of his amendment or something else, to put representation on a satisfactory basis, and make the vote of majorities effective The principle of their Government was that the greatest good for the greatest miner should be aimed at, and the only way to secure this was by in taking the opinions of the greatest number heard in the Assembly . TnkeSjdnoj each electorate in it I turned four representatives and he contended, from a careful study of its representation, that the only occasion on which were efficiently represented was that on which four men were returned in a bunch Mon had been returned by plumping who would have had no change of being returned if the will of the majority had been considered At one general election, Mr Alexander Stuart, a gentleman of high ability and character, and the chief of the Chin eli of England party, ki far as education was son cried, was returned by a certain section of voters plumping for him [Who was his opponent'?] Sir Henry Parkes who was entirely left out But to show that Sir Stuart did not represent the majority of the electorate, he would do in their attention to this Mr Stuart resigned, and a single election took place in consequence another gentleman advocating the same views as Mr Stuart was nomm head and backed up by the beer as well as the denominational interest, he was opposed by the nationalist party, who, with Dr Renwick for their representative, beat him by two votes to one Ihid showed that the opinions of the majority on education were not obtained at the general election, when plumping could be availed of He did not agree with Mr. Garrett's extraordinary views upon representation, and God forbid thitthpdaj should ever come when Mr. Garrett's views on representation would come into force in New South Wales. It was singular, however, that, as Mr Garrett held those views, he had not voted against the bill on the second reading Sir JOHN ROBERTSON rose to order The hon member was reflecting upon a certain hon member of another House because he had not voted against the second reading of the bill Sir GEORGE INNES said that, as this question was constantly arising, it might be better for him to read an extract from " 513 's Parliamentary Practice " He had already ruled that an hon. member could not allude to the debates in the other House May said - 1 he rule has been so frequently enforced that most members, in both Houses, have learned a dexterous mode of , evading it, is transparent ambiguities of speech and although there are few orders more important than this for the conduct of debate, and for observing courtesy between the two Houses, none, perhaps, are more generally trans, grossed An ingenious orator may break through any rules in spirit, and yet observe them to the letter The rule applies to debates only, and not to reports of committee of the other House On the 9th June, 1848, object on was taken that a member was quoting from a report made to the House of Lords, which had not been communicated to the Commons, but the Speaker decided that the member was not out of order Nor can the rule be extended to the votes of proceedings of either House, as they are recorded and printed by authority " The hon member might therefore I refer to the actual votes and proceedings of the other House, I but not to the debates | Mr PIDDINGTON was glad that the Chairman had supported the usual Parliamentary practice otherwise free discussion would be at an end If the bill contained, as Mr Garrett had said, so many injune us chnses, wh) had he not voted against the second reading or have proposed the elimination of the objectionable clauses a According to "Mr Garrett's arguments, two men of Mr Garrett's views should have been elected for Camden, instead of himself and Captain Onslow It w as not a fact that Mr Lackey and Mr M'Culloch w e e opposed to each other on every question then in regard to the Pai minute electorate, he did not know that Mr. Taylor and Mr Long differed Royer sol lorn saw the name of Mr Long as being present in the House, and he did not see how the hon gentleman could institute a comparison between a member who was hardly ever present and one who was constantly in attendance He had had the honour of representing various constituencies with different gentlemen, and there was no vital difference in tfiPir principles y\ Inch would make the argument of Mr Ganetcof any effect He contended that the electors of New South Wales should not be called upon to vote for an undue number of candidates at the wish of that gentleman The people of New South Wales differed in opinion on some questions some were free traders and some protectionists, some were in favour of Denomination ahem, and some against it, some were in favour of immigration, and Borne opposed to it But why should the people be called upon to propose candidates in order that they might have an opportunity of being represented on these particular points i He thought he could understand this amendment, and he believed every elector would understand it, and know his rights yveieimaded And he would prefer to be excluded from the Legislative Assembly for the term of his natural life, though perhaps he might have an opportunity of returning to it some day, rather than attempt to give up these rights of the people Why had near the people of East Sydney a right to plump for Mr Stuart if they thought he was the man after their own heart? Mr Garrett had attempted to confuse the general election of 1877 with the recent election of Dr Renwick, but had utterly forgotten the fact of the Archbishop's pastorals which had intervened, and crystallised the Protestant feeling into a solid spirit of opposition The argument of Mr Garrett, therefore, had no force Why should they attempt by this provision to gag their Roman Catholic fellow citizens p They were by this provision indirectly repealing the Catholic Emancipation Act Then, Mr Garrett went on to allude to the general election in England in a manner that was quite contrary to the fact Mr Garrett said,-" No other country was in similar conditions to this in regard to representation In England There were 160 constituencies, which each returned two members But England was a small country compared to this, and its dense population comprised the most perfectly arranged political organizations The people were divided into two well-defined, well-separated camps, one Liberal and the other Conservative, and the consequence was that they did not require a provision of this kind But the result was the same as if they had one In 130 of the con- stituencies the two members returned were of the same way of thinking, while in the remaining 30 there was a division of representation, which was arrived at, however, by mutual arrangement, each party agreeing to return one member Where there were contests one party or the other won the two seats, and this accounted for the magnificent majority with which Mr. Gladstone had assumed the government of Great Britain What a miser- able position he would have been in had the results which obtained here obtained in Great Britain These 130 constituencies just represented his majority ' It was a fact that in nearly every district in the United Kingdom the elections were contested, and the result was due to the wave of public feeling created by the oratory of Mr Gladstone, just as in 1874 Mr Disraeli also worked on public feeling by his orator) The majorities were secured without any interference with the lights of the electors But, besides that in England they had gone a stop further In the last Reform Act passed by Mr Disraeli's Government, in 1877, the Parliament had stipulated that in car jan constituencies the electors should be deprived of one vote, for instance, in the urban districts of Leeds, Manchester, Liverpool, Glasgow, and one or two others, and in certain counties returning three members In these electorates for which three members were to be returned, the electors was only allowed to vote for two members in the city of London, returning four members, no elector could vote for more than three candidates So that the principle of the representation of mine ritieswasabsolutelyombodiedmtheoUctoial law of England i If they were going to introduce the system of representa- tion by minorities, he would prefer the system of cumula- tive voting rather than the mode adopted in England He would allow an elector to give his four votes to one candidate, or he would allow him to distribute them among, four But there was nothing of this kind in the proposal All he asked was that they should stand by the rights of the people And Mr Garrett went on to say, ' Had Mr Gladstone been defeated in them he would have had no majority, and the House of Commons would have remained a scene of useless wrangle, even when the most important questions were my solved And this had been the case with the Legislature here for the seventeen years before the present combination -a combination effected behind the people's backs a combination which he regarded as profligate, although it had resulted in benefit to the country What did Mr Garrett mean by a profligate com bmation If Sir Henry Parkes had included Mr Garrett in the present Government they would never have heard of a " piofligatecorabmation " Mr. Garrett proceeded " It was said that his provision would be unjust because it would compel men to vote for candidates whose principles they did not approve of He could not see that it would It would not prevent any elector nominating as many candidates as he chose, and giving effect to his individual votes " It was strange that the hon gentleman in proposing this thing should point out how it might be evaded But he contended that there was no reason why the electors should be asked to put in a horde of candidates They ought to stand by the law of the land If this provision were carried it would end in a most dangerous state of affairs If this clause were carried, he believed the country would not be worth living in Sir JOHN ROBERTSON had no intention to follow the hon. gentleman in his long speech, so little of which had to do with the matter before the committee But what he particularly objected to in the remarks of the hon. gentleman was that he had wilfully misrepresented what had taken place in the other House He thought it was insult- ing to the Assembly for the hon gentleman to speak of this proposal as Mr Garrett's It came in the usual way with the ordinary formalities from the Assembly It was not a fact that the Assembly had no notice of It The Assembly agreed to this provision on the 20th May by 26 to 17 But the hon. gentleman did not fell them that seven days afterwards the whole matter was again debated fully, and the Assembly rejected a proposal to change what it had at first affirmed Now what became of all this about taking the Assembly by surprise P It was a misrepresentation of fact The practice which had been pursued for hundreds of years in the mother-country had been referred to, and it was said that the principle of non-reatnerion existed there but in the last electoral law of England there were restrictions, for If three candidates were required an elector could vote for only two, and if four were required could vote for only three "What became, then, of this grand practice of the old country which his new friend had wasted their time for an hour about This clause did not propose to restrict any man's lights It was a delusion of his hon friend to suppose it would It proposed, wisely or unwisely, and he confessed he did not like changes very much that electors should use their fail powers of voting. In England their powers would be restricted. but Eera they might call their full number of votes All that they had to do wit- to see that a. sufficient number of men of the and they required were nominated It was a mere trick to throw dust in their cases to endeavour to make it appear that any man's rights would be restricted by this clause If he saw in Sydney that there were only three candidates norm, tinted in whom he could vote he would propose a fourth so would any other man How dare the hon gen | dear m attempt to delude the Council by telling them that the voters' rights would be restricted What they had to do was, not to be humbugged by what people did in the dark ages or what was done in England the 5th r day,, for in this country they had very op] posite course it would be so 11 r to restrict the voting power of any man and he held that their business was to endeavour to obtain a true and honest representation of the people and in order to attain this they must do away with anything which permeated the practices of corruption 4n j personation to exist The only way in which to prevent personation was to make each elector poll his full number of votes, and then no one would think of buying one vote of in elector who had three others in reserve No one would invest their money in so flimsy a bargain Registration would not prevent personation, for a man could buy the right of fifty electors and place them in the hands of any persons they chose His hon friend ventured to say that this proposition was aimed at the privileges of the Roman Catholics A more unwarrantable statement it was impossible to con- cen e How could it do so " He denied-and he had been elected twenty-four times-that there were any religious feelings introduced in elections here This amendment was an attempt, though to create a sectarian feeling Look at the facts There were nine or ten Roman Catholic members in the Assembly who had been returned by single elec tointos where in some instances the Protestants outnumbered the Catholic voters by two to one [Mr Piddington No Mr Leary represents the Murrumbidgee, which returns two members ] The hon gentleman was ignorant of the facts The Murrumbidgee returned only one member His hon friend was trying to bring up the Catholic vote to plump for him when he put up for election again and he congratulated hire on his endeavour to find a channel by which he might crawl into the Assembly again He did not I think the Catholic people would be humbugged by him They knew the hon. gentleman as well as he did I the hen member might be elected on honourable grounds but not on any attempt to create sectarian feeling His Son ft lend had asked when any of the statesmen of England had proposed such a thing When he would retort, had they voted against it Never, because it had not been proposed to them But if it prevented plumping, it was not the first discovery they had made which might be made applicable to English politics (Hear, hear) He was strongly of opinion that it would be wise for the Council to leave the Assembly to deal with the whole body I of electors choosing their representatives so long as they did not interfere with the Constitution Act His hon friend I talked about cow hardly attacks being made on the rights of the people He wondered who represented the people, he ' hon to lend who was rejected by them the other day, or the I 4. scrubby whom they returned 0 Upon his word, that I audacity of the hen gentleman was beyond conception What could be know of what the people thought when they would have nothing to do with him. He considered that any alterations in the law respecting the mode of election would be better dealt with after more consideration, but on the other hand seeing that this proposal would do away with campaign that it would compel each elector to exercise all his votes, and that it embodied the wish of the representatives of the people, and the people themselves had not petitioned against it, he would give his vote for it Mr DOCKER said that the proposition was a monstrous one because it had never entered into the brain of the wisest demount to submit it, and it interfered with the whole six stars of the representation of the people. It was said that the elective Chamber should be left to deal with it, but it was a matter affecting the interests of the public most son on sh and should also be dealt with by the Council What was the meaning of representation and universal suffrage Davis this-that every man should have opportunities for returning the candidates who represented their opinions And what was the object of this clause it was this-to compel electors to give their voices for those they did not approve [Sir John Robertson No ] Ontwould compel them to deposit £40 for each of their nominees. Was it common justice to compel a man to vote for three men who were opposed to his principles? He found that six mom bers of the Government had voted for this proposition If they approved of it, why did they not introducing ' [Sir T RoBbiUnOV I don't suppose they ever thought of in the hon gentleman had given them no reason for the Ministry's change of front, nor defended the proposal tion with any arguments [Sir John Robertson OF ' I thought I had, This proposition would not prevent personation, and he thought the Council must protest against its adoption He would support the amendment, but he was inclined to favour Mr. Stewart's suggestion that each elector should have only one vote In England restrictions were introduced to secure the representation of minorities, but this would L ut down their representation altogether and place irreti enable power in the hands of the majority Mr. PIDDINGTON denied that he had made statements ? of a character discreditable to the Council, and asserted, that he had been actuated by conscientious convictions,. He denied that he had ever pandered to the Roman Catholics or any other section of the community. He knew from a personal knowledge of Sir Henry Parkes and from public statements, that that gentleman had to great an admiration of the English electoral law that he would not tolerate the introduction of any novelty. And yet he had voted for this clause. Perhaps Sir Henry Parkes, like Mrs. Garrett, thought that some minority with nefarious designs, might make its power felt. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON pointed out that while one' gentleman opposing this clause said that it tended in the direction of the wildest democracy, another said that it restricted the rights of the electors. Mr. STEWART said that he had never heard the hon. member, Mr. Piddington, talk so much nonsense as he had talked that night. Mr. Piddington had said that the Legislative Assembly had attempted to rob the electors of their rights. What rights had the electors, except thou that were given them by the Legislative Assembly ? HI I failed to see what evil would come from the adoption of this clause, but he certainly could not understand why the electors of each of the divisions of Sydney should have four votes, while the country electors had, in many cases, only one vote. He considered that the amendment of which he (Mr. Stewart) had given notice was a much, better one than that which Mr. Piddington had given notice of. As soon as Mr. Piddington had withdrawn his absurd amendment, he (Mr. Stewart) would submit his amendment. Mr. CHARLES CAMPBELL did not agree with Sir John Robertson that this House should not amend this bill because it had been passed by the popular branch of the Legislature. One of the most cherished rights of English- men was that they should have a free choice in the selection of representatives, and the electors would not have that right if this clause were passed. There had been no strong arguments adduced in favour of this clause, and he was bound to vote against it. Mr. SAMUEL said the question they had to consider was, whether the present mode of obtaining the representa- tion of the people was the best possible mode that could be devised. Mr. Docker told them that he had heard no argument in favour of the proposition in the bill. He must say he had heard none against it. He came to the House with his mind extremely unsettled on the point, and he did not feel that the arguments used on either side had made the matter much more clear. No doubt the present system was not perfect. It was proposed by the provision in the bill, to meet the objection that where there was a plurality of representatives to be elected for one particular electorate, there the elector should be compelled to vote for the whole number. It was absolutely necessary in places like Sydney that more than one representative should be gives. They provided that there should be four representatives that each elector should be entitled to four representatives. They could not give one representative for so large a number. And so the electors voted for four as they would vate for one. If they could divide the electorate and give one member to each division, they would get over the difficulty. Their electoral system did not admit of the representation of minorities so far as he could understand it. If it did so, why did they give representation of minorities in these large electorates and not in single electorates. It would be unjust to provide for the representa- tion of minorities in one portion of the country and not in another. That was not the principle upon which they legislated. They legislated for the majority. It was clearly intended that the four members who represented East Sydney, for instance, represented the majority. If were not so why not provide for the proper representation of minorities at once. Mr. Stewart's remedy-that each elector should vote for only one candidate would work in the direction of giving a minority of the electors a majority of the representatives. Supposing a well-known leading man were to put up ft" Sydney, and secured three-fourths of the votes ; the other fourth would elect the remaining three. They would then have three members representing a minority as against one I representing a majority. He was inclined to the opinion that the compelling of an elector to vote for as many cant I dklates <ts there were representatives, was the right court, He did not see any force in the objection that you compelled a man to vote for- persons he did not like, because they could always be organization to nominate others. He did not anticipate that there would be any calamity from this provision. Mr. GORDON intended to vote for the amendment. R had not been made clear why electors should be compelled to vote for persons they did not approve of. He agreed with the Vice-President of the Executive Council that this House should interfere as little as possible with the other House. But this clause interfered with their rights at electors. It was clear that if he were compelled to vote for two candidates for whom he disapproved, together with two he did approve that he was disfranchised. He saw no necessity for the attack on Mr. Piddington by the vice-president of the Executive Council, as the hon. gentleman had a perfect right to express his views in the way he did. It was said that if the electors did not approve of candidates they could nominate others. But they could not compel candidates to take their seats if elected, as the municipal electors could compel candidates to sit under a penalty. To compel him to vote for a candidate that he did not approve of was a new thing, and he hoped, for the honour of tin country, that the Committee would reject such a provision. Mr. WATT opposed the clause, and thought it calculated to revolutionise our electoral system. He failed to see how it would lessen personation. He thought their object was to make the Assembly . reflex of the eonaonltP at large (Hear hear.) But this provision eliminated the principle of the representation of minorities. It was said that it was the duty of every man to vote for as many candidates as there were members to be elected. They would punish a a man who chose only to vote for a less number. But how would they punish those who did not vote at all? He thought they had better adhere to the mode of representa- j lion adopted in the mother country, and that had worked , successfully here. ' Sir JOHN ROBERTSON denied that any man was a compelled to vote for a man of whose principles "he did not approve, as he could nominate another candidate. Mr. STEWART hoped the House would not assent to this amendment for one reason, and one only-that it had been condemned and would not be received by the other House. The question, " That the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question, was put and negatived, on the following division :- AY IM, ". Robertson Grahame Norton > visit..,. Samuel Bell Stewart J L"'"". Campbell, A. i NOBS, 10. 1 : play Blaxland Bat ley Flood Watt Marks Busby Smith Campbell, C. Docker Frazer Ogilvie I TeUerB Piddington. Oakes Foster of lands. Gordon The question was put that the words proposed to be in- a noted be inserted. Mr. A. CAMPBELL asked if the question were affirmed ] would Mr. Stewart have an opportunity for moving his amendment. Sir GEORGE INNES said he would not, but that he 'would move an amendment on the amendment. Mr. STEWART considered it desirable that they should I go to a division on Mr. Piddington's amendment before he moved his. He was sure there would be a large majority against the hon. gentleman, and that the Assembly would not agree to his amendment. The question was put again, and on division affirmed, Mr. Stewart being alone on the side of the noes. The clause, as amended, was then agreed to. Clause 46. " What shall be deemed corrupt practices." After a short discussion on the desirableness of making the proper person punishable for corrupt practices, Mr. DARLEY thought they might adhere to the present law and he moved an amendment introducing the words, on the part of any candidate, whether committed by such candidate or any agent, authorised." Sir JOHN ROBERTSON suggested that the words "in writing be added to the amendment. Sir GEORGE INNES pointed out that these words had been considered in the Assembly, and it had been considered advisable to leave them out, because the practices referred to would be corrupt practices if committed by anyone. Mr. DARLEY said that that view of the question indicated that the amendment that he had proposed would not get rid of the difficulty that he had contemplated, and he would, therefore, ask leave to withdraw it, and have the clause postponed. Mr. FOSTER thought that the suggestion of Sir John Robertson, that the authority given by a candidate to his agent should be in writing, should not be acted upon, because it was not likely that any candidate would be such g fool as to commit himself by giving any such authority in writing when he could do it by word of mouth. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said that three ruffians might be found to swear that he, as a candidate, had made them his agents. [Mr. Darley : Three ruffians would not be believed against you.] The amendment proposed by Mr. Darley was then withdrawn and the clause was passed, upon the understanding that it would be reconsidered upon recommittal. In reference to the 25th clause, providing that candidates should deposit £40, Mr. STEWART intimated his intention of proposing an amendment. There was no doubt that at many elections, and particularly by election, persons frequently came forward as candidates where they had not the ghost of a chance of being elected. It was thought, according to this bill, that a deposit of £40 would stop that evil. He would recommend another, and he thought a better method of meeting that difficulty. When the returning officer called for a show of hands and gave his decision, whoever disputed his ruling should be called upon to deposit a certain sum, as a guarantee that the objection was a bona-fide one, and that it was not intended to provoke a sham contest. He would therefore move the striking out of this clause, with the view of moving the insertion of another clause, as follows :-" When a poll is demanded, the person demanding it shall deposit twenty-five pounds in the hands of the returning officer, otherwise a poll shall not be granted. If the person by whom, or for whom, a poll is granted be elected, the deposit shall be returned to him but if the votes recorded for him be fewer than one-fifth of those recorded for a successful candidate, the deposit shall be paid by the returning officer of the Colonial Treasurer, and form part of the consolidated revenue of the colony. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said that, without raising the question as to whether such an amendment could be passed by this House although he thought it could not without an amendment of the Constitution Act he could not refrain from expressing his opinion that this provision would nullify one of the provisions of the Constitution Act, which said that every elector should have the right of being a candidate for election to Parliament, The old property qualification had been objected to, but he submitted that a money deposit was fifty times more objectionable than a" property' qualification. If they were to have a property qualification at all, let it be a freehold qualification, and not take the ready money from again. He had heard it said that if a man were not worth £40, he should not be in Parliament ; but a man might be worth hundreds of pounds, and still not be able to take £40 in ready money out of his business. He hoped the House would stick to the liberal Constitution which Mr. Wentworth gave them. Talk about sham candidates ! Whose province was it to say that any man was a sham candidate ? Any man who was an elector had a right to offer his services in Parliament. He would vote against the whole clause. Mr PIDDINGTON was amused to find that Sir John Robertson, who had recommended no interference with this bill was now proposing to strike out one of its clauses In 187-1 the gentleman who was now the head of the Government of which Sir John Robertson was now a member proposed that a deposit of £50 should be made by each man date He would admit that Sir John Robertson was not a member of that Government Had Sir John Robertson since converted Sir Henry Parkes to his way of thinking He considered this clause provided for adestrible mode of conducting elections In 187-1 whom Sir Henry Parkes proposed this £50 proviso, it was negatived Since then this question had been considered by the members of the Assembly, and carried by a division of 23 to 22, and therefore it showed that a minority had been transformed into a majority He could only suppose that this was one of the results of this combination it was desirable to prevent mountebanks caricaturing our election If they wished to secure bona-fide candidates, it was very desirable that a deposit of this kind should be demanded When Mr Henry was a candidate for Mudgee, some people opposed his candidature with that of a coal iron bellman Mr Terry threatened torture, and it was only in consequence of that the berlin in was withdrawn He did not regard this as a question of principle Nor was it a property qualification The money was to be returned if the candidate polled a certain number of votes the candidate proved that he was not a sham candidate Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said that what he had said was that it was desirable not to make alterations that interfered with the Constitution This did not interfere with the Constitution It was a wrong provision never do ei- then It was the lights of the man with the bag of money from the hon. gentleman was a asides ins and not the rights of the people whose choice would be restricted by the provision Mr C CMLPBELL was astonished at the VicePresident confounding- this provision, which was practically a fine for a political offence, with a property) qualification He should certainly vote for the clause before the committee. The clause was put and carried on the following division AYES, 17 Hay Bell Campbell, C. Thornton Biisbv Docket Wt Grayland Hood Foster Piddington Norton | T. Darley Conlon reader I leUeid Ogilvie M nk s NCES, i Robertson Samuel Stew at it is,."", Oil as beliefs Clause 26, h mng reference to the forfeiture of the deposit, Was agreed to the remaining parts of the bill, except clause 6, were agreed to, and the bill was reported to the House, with amendments The report was adopted Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, in moving that the third reading of the bill stand an order of the day for to-morrow, said that the bill would be recommitted for the consideration of the postponed! clauses EVIDENCE IN COMMISSIONERS On the motion of Mr Samuel the Evidence by Commis where under Great Seal Bill was read the second A mo The House went into committee to consider the Bill in I detail j Clause 1 "Power of Dissident, v. , of commission to | send for persons and papers uidudminist i oil," output, I Mr D VRLLTr thought the bill did not go far enough I InthelmpeimlAct, 3 A Victoria there were clauses for the protection of vi dresses and the Commissioner so the clause was further amended by the insertion of the I Jollowingvionls -" And every such Commissioner shall m w exercise of his duty as such Corn missioners have the s one Protection and humanity as a Judge of the SupiemeCoui , '? says witness appealing before any such Commissioner Even less""- Pro'e iron inch be subject to the same liabilities in any civil or criminal pi feelings as a witness pung evidence in any case tried in the Supreme Unit' , suit was then turn it to Chase > "p inity for non attendance of refusal to give wizened ' Evans n i sided on the morn of "Mr 1 costs h, by inserting- a severe enabling persons to make Seasonable Refuses for his attendance, and was then agreed to Clause i, Expenses of witnesses mis- agreed to I I n tell his new wife I was made clause 4 of the bill IT If In any refers p event as nor aid to be issued after a tie passing of this Act it shall be declared that all or any I specified sections of this Act shall not be applicable for the Expenses of the inquiry delegated by such letters patent, I "P «U SBCh sections, or such SBPciflnd stations (as the case may be) shall with respect to such inquiry be taken to be wholly inoperative." The preamble and title were then agreed to, after which the Chairman left the chair and reported the bill with amendments. The report was adopted. Mr. Samuel promising Mr. Darley that the bill should be recommitted for the reconsideration of the 4th clause if necessary. The Council adjourned at eighteen minutes to 10 o'clock, until the usual hour on Wednesday. 