HE STOR-TW.L.E•. gl~B I- .. : • the Pale Lady of Treherne. 'fr INA LEON CA88IUS. CHA2TER I. A, Unwaraoa LOVER. "Teresa! "Teresa!!. oried Nesta .reherne, running into her ' sister's room; "put down that book,, and istento me; I have something to tell you." Without, the snow lay thick on the Sground, for the winter was one of the most severe ever known in Cornwall, S4and the cruel north.east wind swept rourudi the turrets and gables of the o\~Manor louse; but within this S:f e, luxurious chamber, all was rigbht andwarm, and the mingled S;lov of lamplight and firelight fell on rich draperies and polished furniture, and shining mirrors. Nothing that the most fastidious taste could desire, and ample means provide, was lacking in the apartment. In a low chair before thefire sat a young girl of about seventeen, wearing a graceful ndglig?e, over the crimson of which fell rich masses of brown hair, glitter ing with golden sheen in the firelight. Looking up from her book, the girl showed a delicate, oval face, lighted by large, long-fringed black eyes, half roguish, half wistful, wholly be witching. Altogether Teresa was as beautiful a picture as an artist could have wished to see. Nesta, twoyears ,Aer senior, who now sprang forward • and knelt before the ruddy blaze, was pretty, too; but one would never rve called Teresa pretty-the word was too tame I " Well," said she, letting "King Arthur" slip on to the tiger skin, among whose furry folds her little gay-slippered feet were buried; "what's the matter? What have you got to tell me ?" " Why, this," said Nests, rising solemnly to her feet; "Colonel Eric son is coming to spend Christmas." " Whew-w," Teresa whistled- a long, low, unmistakable whistle. "Yes, he is," pursued Nests, "and you know what ilat means !" "Certainly-to father and mother; but it needn't mean so to you !" "It shall not, indeed," said Nestsa, flushing. "I promised Willie, and I will keep my promise." "But you know, Nessie, dear, Willie is poor, and Colonel Ericsen is very rich, and, on dit, awfully good looking; and, in fact, like the Prince Somebody or other in a Christmas fairy tale." "Ah !" said Nesta, relapsing into a smile; "t know you're not meroen ary, Teresa, so your nonsense doesn't vex me; but Colonel Ericsen's coming does. Father.and Mrs. Ericeen have made it up between them, and he is just asked here to propose to me; and you know what it will be torefuse him." Teresa looked grave. Mr. Tre hoerne was a stern man, and his wife simply followed his lead. The squire had made up his mind. that his daughters should marry men of posi tion and influence, and he did not even know of Nesta's plighted troth to her sailor lover, who had nothing but his good birth and his pay. Presently said Teresa, "When does .the Colonel come?" "In three days-that will be nearly three weeks before Christmas, and goodness ?ibws how ion h.e. means foCItop."' ,?Perhaps he migighn't fall In lov#It r 'oui"-ai gested Teresa sot with the least idea of his selecting herself, for though she was tall and wore flowing skirts, she was a child and tomboy, and never troub led her curly head about lovers. " No," responded Nests; " but hg might, or might simply want to, carry out his mother's wishes." " Mothers meddlea dreadfully," said Teresa, decidedly. " The next thing then, is to try and make the place too hot for him." Nests stared. '" Teresat, what are you driving at ?'" lthey all knew that this misohiev os spirite never really spoke at ran dom, however she might seem to do sao. SFor answer Teresa lay back in her ohair and began laughing, and all Nestas's pushing and imploring could elicit nothing from her for several: mhinutes but broken ejaculations of a most aggravating character, calou lated to excite her sister's curiosity to the highest pitoh, without affording -any satisfaction. At last she spoke croherently. "Come here-close,' Nessie," she said glancing round; "and I will tell you-hush! not a word aloud. Mother might bepassing up to bed, and over hear us," Nesta knelt down again on the.rug, and a long and animated whispered oonference ensued, the result of which was highly satisfactory, to judge by the immense merriment that followed it. Tereea, indeed, was so overcome with laughter that she fell down :on the rug, and lay there still laughing like a happy kitten half tired of play, but still ripe for mischief. It was past midoight before thetwo girls retired to rest, and even then there seemed to be a great deal to talk about, and the as yet unknown ogre, Colonel Ericsen, was evidently the.principal topic of discussion. CHAPTER II. STrr iProar OP THE EAST CoRImon. The precise time of Colonel Ericsen's arrival was not known; and Teresa, who considered herself, and was con sidred by her family, a child, betook herself on this bright winter- morning to the park, where she indulged in an animated snow-ball battle with some young friends, boys and girls, only returning to the Court in time for luncheon. As she was rather late, she ran all the way, bounded into the hall, and opened the dining-room door, exclaiming " We've had a jolly fight, and my side scored such a victory 1" And up with a dexterous twist went the fur cap, but fell to the ground, as Mrs. treherne's quick, almost stern, " Teresa!" made the young tomboy startand pause; and, lo! there by the fire steood.a tall, slight, and very hand some man, fashionably attired, who, at the sudden entrance of Miss Teresa, had turned from convereing with Nesta, and was now regarding the new comer with eyes in which there was, mingled with amusement, very decided admiration. Teresa, however, only noticed the former; though she looked wonderfully beautiful in her attitude of grace, her soft cheeks aglow, her eyes sparkling like dia mends, her tumbled, golden hair, spangled as if with dew drops, anhd picturesque blue-and-scarlet dress and rich furs. But she was not a bit abashed. She laughed-not rudely, but like a happy, winsome child-a merry rippling laugh, that must have provoked a kindred feeling in a Sphinx. Colonel Ericson certainly was no 8phinx. He laughed out frankly, 'and came forward holding out his hand. "Mrs. Treherne," said he, in one of those sweet,. clear voices that strike ear and heart so pleasantly, "I don't need an introduction to Miss Teresa -do I, young lady ?" "No," said she, giving him her little hand, and still laughing. "They have told you I am a tomboy, then? I beg your pardon; but I didn't know you were here." And to herself she added "' "Oh,' dear! what a pity Nesta's in love with Willie Charteris. Colonel Erice'n is ever so much better-look ing, and I'm sure he's an awfully nice fellow." Thus Teresa made acquaintance with the man she wanted to " drive away " from the Court. At uInnoheon she earnestly watched him from under her long lashes, and listened attentively when he spoke. He sat next to Nesta, and his conversation was principally divided between his host and hostess and the eldest daughter; and when he spoke to Teresa it was with a curious but pleasant mixture of the chivalrous deference of a gentleman ands a soldier to a woman, and the licensed familiarity of a man of two or three-and-thirty to a beautiful child. He talked brilliantly; he had travelled much, and nothing had es caped his observation; and it was evident that he was a man of varied cnlture. Teresa drew comparisons between him and Nesta's sailor lover, very disparaging to the latter; but she knew that her sister was too constant tobe dazzled by Colonel Ericsen'e fascinatione into forgetting faithful Willie Charteris. After luncheon it began to snow, so going out was not to be thought of. The family and the guest gathered round the fire, and presently Colonel Ericeen turned to Nests and asked, smiling, if Treherne Court had a ghost! "It looks as if it ought to have,' he added. " Of course it has," said :Nesta promptly; " we should be ashamed of ourselves if we had not a ghost."' Mris. Treherne here interposed. "There: is a legend," she said, "that an ancestor of the family 'walks' in the East Corridor-the spirit of a Lady Ermengarde Tre herne, who was murdered by her hus band in a fit of jealousy; but, though there are many stories about her having been seen, I never spoke to anyone: who had actually seen her. Her appearance is supposed to indi cate misfortune to whoever sees her especially in love !" The closing words struck the jColonel as a little maladroite, consider ing the object of his visit at Treherne. Glanoing at Teresa, he saw that she looked very grave; and, to put an end to an awkward pause, he asked " Do you believe in this Lady Ermengarde ?" " Yes," said she, without looking up. ."I wish I could; but knocking about the world makes one sceptical. Is that the East Corridior in which my rooms are situated ?" '" Yes," said Teresa, again. "Do you mind ?" "Not in the least," he laughed. SDoes the lady confine herself to the East Corridor ?" "Oh, yes; she never goes any where else. One of my ante saw her there." . " And the result?" "aWell,'her betrothed husband died suddenly,." " We Cornish people are super stitious," said Mr. Treherne, smiling. The Colonel thought they were, very; but he was too courteous to laugh, seeing how devoutly the girls, at any rate, believed in the ghost; And he turned the conversation with practised adroitness. That night, when he retired, he ascertained from his valet that the servants all credited the tale of the * Pale Lady of Treherne," as she was called, occasionally appearing to individuals; " and the gallery do look a ghastly place, sir," he said, "don't it." The Colonel acquiesced. The East Corridor was a long, oaken gallery. On one side mullioned windows, set in deep bays, " gave" on to a wide lawn, bordered by a dark belt of trees; on the other were apartments, some of them disused, and every here and there jutting-out buttresses and recesses broke the monotony of the walls. There were some faded panel paintings between some of the doors, and two or three ancient cabinets; altogether it was, especially when partially illumined by a pale moon, a. vely "eerie " looking place,: which it needed not a more than usually lively imagination to connect with the idea of supernatural visitants. Colonel Julian Ericsen- lacked note imagination; but it was hardly likely; that he should attach much import ance to a ghost story such as one hears in eight 'old manor houses out of ten-there was a ghost at Castle: Ericsen, for that matter; and, in fact,' he was pretty- well used to all varieties of the species by this time, so he sat down by his sitting-room fire without any more grim visions in his mind! than- . " A pretty picture of girlish grace, Set in a frame of flowers." " And by Jove," said the Colonel, with a smile in his own dark hazel eyes, "what a beauty the child is!" Did he meBa Nesta ? ... aCfriT III. . FIRaT ArPPEARauo E THE PBAL LADY. Two days passed in the usual amusements of a country house. After Christmas, a number of guests would arrive, but the actual Christ mas this year was to be spent quietly, as a favourite sister of Mr. Treherne's had died on Christmas Day the year before. Colonel Ericsen was quite satisfied with things as they were. lie found these two young girls com pany enough, and Teresa thought him the very " jolliest fellow" she had ever known, and. ehe said so to Nests. " All the worse for me," said Nesta, setting her teeth. "I de clare sometimes I almost hate him." The fifth morning after the Colbnonel's arrival Teresa encountered him in the East Corridor. She was perched in a window-seat reading, and as he started on seeing her, she exclaimed, laughing '" Well, did you think I was the Pale Lady ?'" "Not likely," said he, pausing by her, and looking down into her cloud loss eyes. "I have no faith in your ghost Teresa." One day was enough to come to a Christian name with the tomboy. " Indeed ! We soldiers are proof against all superstition; but midday and midnight are very different." " I am not afraid at midnight. Have you ever seen. Lady Ermen garde ?" "No; and I don't. want to see her," said Teresa, looking grave again. "I suppose not, if it is to make you unhappy in a love affair." Oh II haven't any," said Teresa, innocently, " No child; but you might have." "Yes; when I am older. Look, do you see that door right back in a recess. That is the room in which E~rmengarde was murdered." " I see it." She glanced up and saw the hand some mouth quivering with laughter under his moustache. " What is ii?" she said, "-Why do you laugh I" " Well," said Eriosen coolly, and with a certain significance in his tone; " if I see the Lady Ermengarde. I will put her identity to proof." "How ?" "I will kiss her." Teresa burst out laughing, and clapped her hands. ' Oh ! what an idea! I must tell old Hannah not to play ghost, then; for, of course; its trickery you're thinking of. Although I feel sorely tempted, for she is sixty, and awfully ugly, and Ermengarde was young and handsome." "Old Hannah or young Polly," said Ericsen, resolutely. "I shall not accept a ghost without putting it to some test. Come, this is a lovely morning, let me give you a drive. You're not afraid of the cold ?" And a long and merry drive it was; and the Colonel thought more and more of the winsome face, with the dark bright eyes. Yet he certainly devoted himself more especially to Nesta, with that sort of attention which may ripen into something serious, or from which a man may re cede with honour. It was Colonel Eriesen's habit to sit up reading in his sitting-room into the small hours of the morning, and to-night was no exception to the rule; that is, he threw himself into the arm chair by the fire; but the book lay unheeded on the table, and the young Colonel fell-not into a day-dream, for it was midnight- but into a re verie, in which an oval face and smiling crimson lips, and a back ground of golden hair, played a very prominent part. Without, the snow was falling stealthily. He had glanced through the windows of the corridor, as he passed along, and saw the lawn en veloped in "the earth's winding sheet," and he had, almost uncon sciously, quickened his steps, with a sudden memory of the Pale Lady flashing athwart his mind. He was not superstitious ; but he experienced a decided feeling of relief when the door closed between him and the dreary gallery, quite removed from all the other sleeping apartments in the mansion. There was not a sound now, save the ripple of the flames, and the soft thud of the snow against the panes, and, at another time, the deadly still ness might have oppressed Ericsen as it had done before-but his thoughts were so busy now that he did not notice it, and started like a man roused abruptly from a deep slumber, when the silence was broken by a peculiar and utterly unexpected sound. This was a low plaintive cry like the voice of a woman in distress, and yet not like it-for it was not human enough. That would have been clear passionate, and articulateo; this was low and wandering; and seemed to rise and fall with a dreary passionless cadence; and, though evidently quite close wvithin the house, it seemed to Ericsen it sounded faint and far away. Such a sound at such a-time made his heart bound with that thrill of name less dread to which the boldest and most sceptincal are prone; but the next moment he strode to the door, iWith no idea but that a trick was being play ed upon him.. ....... The corridor.was empty. The moon shining fitfully throuigh skimming clouds, ceast .broad patches of light thiough the windows,, throwing the res't of the space into deep gloom niot too 'deep, however, to have hid den a white-robed form (save at the extreme end of the corridor); and a ghost in anything but white was not to be thought of. With a shrug, but astill throbbing heart, the Colonel. turned back into the room again, and resumed his seat; but he could. not so easily resuime his pleasant reverie. However unbelieving. one may be, wailing sounds at midnight are.not agreeable, and then Julian Ericoen was not a matter-of-fact man who laughed at all that was not tangible; he was of Hamlet's opinion in such things. He listened - though hardly con soious that he was doing so-for a.re newal of the sound; but none came, and the striking of the three-quarters past twelve presently advised him of the time that had elapsed since he had heard'the wailing cry. He resolved, however, tO take one last look into the corridor before re tiring, though it was extremely un likely that any of the servants, or even madcap Teresa, would care to perambulate the gallery at the "witch ing hour" for the bchance of startling him. He passed out into the corridor, and was advancing quickly, when his steps were arrested by a sight that, for a moment, held him with bated breath, and straining gaze. Something white was flitting to and fro in the misty moonlight near the door which Teresa had indicated as be longing to the chamber of the murder ed Ermengarde. What was it ? A tall female form in flowing drapery; more than this was not visible. There was no sound of a footfall, and the form moved with a restless, but un dulating motion, as though in pain or suffering; but, after the first shook, the Colonel sprang forwards. As he did so the figure lifted its arm as if in denunciation, and disappeared so suddenly and utterly that it seemed to bavesunk through the floor, or melted into the darkness. To return to the room he had quitted and re-enter the corridor with a lamp was to the sol dier-- quick in thought and action the work of a moment. He walked straight to the place where he had seen the white figure, and tried the door of the Lady Ermengarde's roni. It was fast locked, and could not have been fastened or unfastened without his hearing it. He examined the walls, and could find no trace of a secretdoor; nor were there any ap parent means by which a tangible be ing could have made so rapid an exit.' Julian Ericsen felt somewhat stag gered as he returned to his room ;' but he was by no means convinced that he had seen a ghost. "At any rate," he said to himself, "I shall say nothing; and if it is that wild sprite, Teresa, Heaven bless her bonnie face! She will probably betray herself.". In this, however, he was disap pointed. Teresa had either nothing to hide, or she.hid: it very well. She asked no questions; and gave no sign whatever of a consciousness that any thing. unusual had happened the night before. Colonel Ericsen set more than one trap for the two sisters, but in vain; yet he was still unoonvinced, and resolved to watch. A few nights later he saw the figure again. This time he had been to the library to fetch a. book, and, in returning, just as he opened the door at the further end of the corri dor, he saw the Pale Lady flitting up and down in the same restless man ner; but, as before, she disappeared suddenly in the recess in which the door of Ermengarde's apartment was situated. The next morning at breakfast iriosen noticed a change in Nests. It was alight, but he was keen and observant. She had always, till now, been cordial with him, and he had seen enough of her to know that she was not capriolous. To-day she seemed disposed to be cool and indif ferent. He proposed a ride, and she said it was "too cold." He suggested a game of billiards, but she was Stired of billiards." So he turned to Teress, and Teresa would do anything he liked. A walk Yes, she would go; and the Colonel quitted the room to get ready. The sisters were alone. They exchanged glances; Nests looked gloomy; Teresa shrugged her should ers and laughed.. SNo go," said she slangily and enigmatically.: "I don't know," said the other, slowly. " Teresita, how near is it to Christmas ?" "Next Monday is Christmas Eve, my dear." ( So it is." Again their eyes met; again Teresa laughed; and this time nodded intelligently, and ran off to dress. " Women is ' curis.'" said shrewd Samin " Uncle Tom's Cabin;" else one might wonder why Teresa's bright eyes kept filling with tears as she put on on her furs; and why once a down. right sob burst from her young heart. But she was as madcap as ever during the walk, and had not the remotest notion of the deep pleasure it was to Julian Ericsen to walk by her side, and listen to her sweet voice, and watch the play of her expressive face. (To ie continued). 