THE DUKE'S HOUSE I waa born in an old chartered and vary picturesque town in a western county, in whose vicinity atoad an ancient dncal palace, which had not keeo ocdnpied for many a ioog year ; and like other botldiogs left to decay, had the reputation of being haunted. There certainly were atrange eights aod errands to be seen and heard sometimes by those who were near the place at dnsk and after dark ; hot it was never looked into. Tbe nnedocsted were, too enpentitionB and frightened ; the better class were too bosy or too iodolent ; and we bad no rural polioe in those days to trace oat the osnces. It was a great pity for inch a fioe Elizabethan etrnotnre to fall to ruin. I remember it aa a stroog and beautiful mansion, with its lawns aod terrace-g-rdeos, and ite many windows as there are days in a year, Th's I doebt-d wben a child, and often got tbe narsegirl to walk ronod tbe house, to conot them with me ; bat we never at tained onr objeot ; for if tbe ran got over clooded, ehe wonld be enre to see e ghost at some gloomy window, and rneh off,, leaving me terrified, to follow. Tbe old. residents h-d died out, the title .haying beoome extinct ; and around it were sprang ap mills and factories, which prevented ' the : ariitoc- reoy bom liviog io it. The mill-owners too preferred being farther away -from' their oonatiag-honses sod smoky chimneys. Be sides, it maet "have been every ridh map who Conld pat It In decorative reipair and keep up stub" an establishment. ; In thos- daye, onr jmeraheot-priooes were, content with ve-y modest dwellings, enph ae. many a middle class man nowadays woiltil. Seem it derogatory to live in. " I em wrijlng of e slow and enre age wears now living in e fast and reckless one. Bat to my story, I had attained. jan age when ghoeta or hobgoblina .and snch-fi)ce" rub bish did not troobleme. I wiii married man, the father of aeverel children, when' a Oooinn came to visit us, who was highly delighted with osr pretty town ; .and, koowiog.her to be very clever with her pencil, I "asked her to paint me one or two of the eoenee ln the neighbourhood. This she willingly "ood- eented to do ; and we tallied forth to Br on what should be her . first .jgotarr.' She thooght the view from the Dime's House—as it was palled — wonld be tbe beat. T told her ehe dared not trust herself in (here, for it had been oninhahited forthelaat century, and was fasnoted. She laughed and said she did not believe in ghosts ; she was not eo tnnch frightened at the dead lriaolitary places," as at tbe 'living - and "her 'cbribmty being excited, she wanted to explore the old building. So, whilst she went Jor her easel andmaterfile, Igot the keys " from an old mao who liyed io the old bonrl-yard.of the dacal reeldbbpe,' ' ' ' ' We walked throngh the rooms, -admiring i -tbeir.old grandeur,. tbeJoftyjnarUe jogkUnne, ntaodipg on marble hearths >sh aids .of . the fireplaces)' ' supported tire groipjS" oeiUofp, with coate of arfgs and otherMebiotoT erifved in "marble between them. The " : 'tapestry xoondthe walla amellbd mouldy, hot.; waa. in a wonderful state of preservation, . apd-no _ worse than when a' boy, tweoty'yeari "before, ' T had pitied theladlea Who woritbd 'ao' hard to cover their rough etone walls. My oonalo selected a room for her first sketch ; and ..as I was leaving, I advised her to Ipck.the. door after me, to guard' against lotrrieicm bat ehe objected to this, saying ehe never locked herself in any room. Tor -fear "iff - Sad den ilfoees 5 bat if I woalj Jock tbe door on the oatside, sad pmll for her as I - .psfne from the bank, ehe would be, mncb happier, to know she was seen re from ioterrtiption.' After some hesitation, I consented to do tfiia, and with' the key in my pocket) went.! to; bnaineu. It we joet closing-time, and I was look-' ing dp' the etfoog- Tbom, when' the manager drew my atteotioo to a matter "which io V- Ived a protracted search of . papers— a eeapcU. howeyer, whiob happily proved sno- cessfol. All otiier thoughts ! havi.bg. been driven from "my bead "by ' thls rihwbqtad' piece of hrismess, V reached home, add-'-iia I mechanically: took out. my latoh-key and went into the hnQ8e, etillin areverfe. I. was met by mysrifowfip baked .why f waa" ao" late for dinne'f,' and' where Mary 'was. ' 1 ' : 11 Mary," T 'exclaimed ; I lorgot all about her ; " aDdeatofiing my. hat. off. the peg again. Trashed, oat speeding, as fast as I conld to liberate, her, and bjttorly lament-' n It was quite datk whfcn Tbt (here, and I had do light'j bnt lfelt out the keyhole, esloejadtte door, apdramped : lpodly up tbe elairs. Xjoalled ber, .f>yt. xeOefyed np reply. Goipg into the rbomln whlch"'!haa 'left her, I gaged Into' the' roboeoes, dnd lonnd her hnddled np in one corner. 'I Mary, my poor dear child, " I extdaimed, ."wiliyno eyer. forgivejrie.f ' . r Hok, hash' 1 for plyV sska, hnah JV she said in a whisper. : : : " Why did yon apt answer me when X called yon f I rejriied. - _ ". J did pot hear yon_ nntil COW., Oh, I have seen each Tearral Bighte V -t 1 felt her whole f rams' qniver, and then, as I was -i-H-p her to rise; ehe fell on me io a fainting fit. ' I had np ljht, not even a fusee to my pocket, andwo one was in cell. At length I thought of the water she had for ber work j it might revive hex if I : could find it. I laid ber down gently, and -gynpijng about for tbe water, sprinkled her. Tape, which had the effect, of briogingjrer ronod. - Hurriedly rising, ehe exclaimed : ' " Ob, come away. ' Take me orit' of 'tlUB horrid place !" it began to rally. her about the abenrdity of her fearv, aod Jurtelliiig meiri the inorn- niog ahe'was nqt'rapeqititiooa) ,'' " ' ' ' Brit hh«0 iritaraFtedDri by riaying 3—" I have seen no ghost. We are In a den of horrid thieves and murderers ! I ssw two bodies dreggad np-etaire, stripped of every thing, with just a ehoet aroaod them. Ob, come out of the place, or we shell be the next. Even now they may have heard as, sod they will murder us." I asked her if she had not got drowsy whilst wailing for me in the gloom of tbe afternoon — for it was November — and dreamed it. "Oh no!" ehe replied; « I did not dream ; and horror-struck as 1 was, when the refii«ns descended the stairs again, I crept silently rip to see if I oonld find out anything and Oh horror, I shali never for get the eight ; Do let ns go." I most confess I felt a little creepy aod nervous, but was myself again io a moment. Feeling her trembling, and fetring another swoon, I began descending the etiirs with her, when a light from below ebot op to us. She cin ched me convulsively, bat was reas sured by bearing my wife's voice c riling out : — " Frank ! Mary ! Where are yon ?" " Here," I said, all right." " Indeed." she replied, " I think it all wrong to give me snob a fright." We bad reached her by this time ; and by the light of tbe lantern ehe had b-tmgbt, s be osnght sight of Mary's blioched free. To my wife's interrogatories respecting her illness, the poor girl aaaared ber ' that she was not fll, bnt terrified. " I will tell yon «ll she added,. « when I get home." I was thankful for the light, and left them walking on, whilst I ran np for Mary'- painting materials, «iH locking th« door, I pot tbe key io coy packet, metering to r-turn again after dinner ' and try -locifiate the mvatery. When I joined hem. Mary was asking my wife how she dared come alone all tits way from my boose to that dreadful plans. She replied, she wqnld rather do so at any hoar of the night than .bekept in suspense and added : — « As soon as the dsiy began to eloae, I looked for yon ; bat as yon did oot come, I thought Frank most have called for von. and was lionising you in the . town. Bat when fully an hoar after dinner was ready, he came back without yon, and rushed off like a madman when I asked for yon, I waa for the moment bewildered ; bnt thinking yoo most have been token ill, and that Frank wonld want help and a light, I harried to the kitchen far a lantern, and told one of the servants to pnt on her things and accompany me to the Duke's House, for ' yon were there, and most have been taken ilL But wonld yon believe it t She flatly refused. Baying it served yon right for going there"; you wonld never be found, for never e perron going near tbst honse after dark was seen afSerwrrfs. I ridiculed her oonaenee, and appealed to the others ; hot neither wonld go, so 1 had no alternative bnt to oome alone." When we reached home; I went into the oeller, and got a' buttle of Moselle, and made Mary drink off half a tnmbierfnl ; and then we aat down to dinner. We were jnat settled to deeaerl when a frieod dropped in for a hand at whist," and wondered at our being ao lat-I I told him the . reason ; and then asked Mary for bar story, 'me I -had .for bidden ber lalkiog abont it until ehe had got her dinner, She began : " After yon left me, I worked 00 for a long' while, until feeling hungry, Ilooked at my watob, and fonrid it svas past two c'alook. I then ate my sand wiches, and after taking a tarn through some of the rooms, settled into work again. I bad not been long thus occupied when I was aroused by strange irregular boiaea which seemed to come from the iandiog above. I then awoke to the consciousness that I had been hearing a scuffling of feet for some little time. "Tbe scuffling commenoed agaio ; and Igot np, moved cantinnsly to the dnor, wbloh woe ajar, and looked ont joet io time to see an old hag disappear io a doorway above, and tbe door olose softly behind her. I stepped op, and noiselessly opened the door, and peeped in ; bnt to my great surprise, the room was empty. I walked in to see if there was say other door through which she oouli have paned ; hat there .woe oot ; nor was there a window ehe" could' have got bnt of. I was fairly pnzzled, for ynn know I do not believe " io ghosts. I went -down to my room bnt oonld riot settle, to work. I went up again and again ; bnt conld . discover notbiog. nor oonld I detect a sound. It was" broad day ; 'when I saw her j arid now I fonrid' it'was ' getting too dark for me to -do any more to ! my printing". «o I gathered riL together, and pnt them in. one owner, ready, for to-morrow morning, wed aat down to wait for yon. As it was now getting dark, and I had been expecting ynn eiri&e; three o'clock, I thought yen must ha vejforgotten me, eo I went down tc eee if.Iyonnldfi.od any. means of egress. As it oorild .nq£ 1 returned to my room, where I cbald'watch for your aomiog ; for ft 'wax not so 'flerk bnt I iionld see any object crossing the oorirt. . JYhilst Lwas thinking whether Lehonld. toll - you about, the old woman b«htjor wftit until tomorrow, the' wind roee moaning amongst' the trees, Whidb made it very" dreary T hot soon I heard eorihdsabbve4be. aonghirig of the winds, strange heavy tbnds below me; and tbe .legends yon. told me es we walked, through some oT the'rooms lo foe morning, rushed to my miod ; hritl ioon banished ench non sense, knowing U most be' produoed by living bpinga." " Wiat did he tellyou ?" .asked my wife. " "Why, he told me. obout a very wicked Dnke who for some' briefol reaabu whipped his Unfortunate wife every night through the bbnae, her lameritotioha bcoog beard by any ooe irito bftd the temerity to." be near tbe house after dark. . Well, all was qniet again for si little while, when I heard vol bee, and the sound of erimeihibg beuog'ehriffled arid -dragged op this stairs to wards therooriilnras in, Icreptbehindthedqor.andholdingmy breath, peeped throngh the preyioe. To my horror I saw two rdffians dragging pp something wrapped in a sheet ; they drged it to the voom-Tbad examloed by -daylight. The door opened, emitting a Inrid . glare. They entered .but.did notetay. Jong, for they soon came oat, and trautoad T do wntaTr, agaio, teavingthedoor partly "open. Ih'eard the eahrids bf fhelr footsteps die awmy in (he lower basement, andall being quiet, I stqlb > :gaiey,up .room. TherabeKrea fire of ,red embeqe "stoood the'old hafll saw go npln the after noon. 8he was stirring something' do a-j caldron 00 the jfrl, iRihheriog.and . muttering :like thPjWitchea Tn Macbeth. . She turned ronnd, and I thought her, gaze fell upon me. Tfelt myaelf rilidibg dowtL and remembered ori more until T wae rigrio aroneed by' the same . two dfmorieooiniriS rip. with another handle. What oould Ijdo? They would .eoon he up,. I knew now that .the old ' witch Nail 'riot seen trie fori was left nnmo. Tratrid.' IriaTrmiglit gain my room before they conld poaeibly reach it, aod -they wonld - , not hear fue above: their, own din. I did eo, and knew oombrehbti yoo rb'nsed me." " Wlibn ehe" had 'eo'ded, I 'arid '"Mary, der,' do yoo not think that you most 'have dropped off to sleep whllet waiting for me, «iii.yonr gltrnmy snrroazrdijnga caused that very ugly dream ?" 'You'koow (hat it has been, proved that one minrite'e''Aore_ suffices' tbe'riool fbr vagaries '.whibb, iri onr waktog- boon. Wield toko jsegks to pBtfotm." - ; V No," .ahg rapUbd1 I didnqt pleep ope moment. Resides. elinnld I bleep, do yoo toioY.obro'day.'riepeoiallyMterlBaw ' the old woman vanish -ont of triy sight T" ! ".Then, .yon: do believe tn lghoste' 1" T Isaghed oat. : ; ." Indeed," ifio not ; but it is all- ep poz- xliiig." """ : -« -" Arid yon are certain- labe did- not a»me Mlagriffp'' - A . ; : j,,yi. 1 ; . Qrito pqrifiva fotX-did , potjtoire. say. eyes off the door uotii I wise in. the room! end I walked into the largo firoplaoel 'eiaff looked to see If eh'I'liad'hitoen'bereB'If (herb."' Ret 'it iwas all rilearxip to jtbe Akyi" ; I fij muraerets. Wererior toWa mapofE'hqar flw'ie, -I »bouia thioklt was «T kka'fi for ' smugglers, who had had souffle jritA tiie,; ,0pss6gnari, .JhadtoMghthoqta.tiie dead, .tojgiythem bnriaL. jhen IjtSooAt of tity "roeurroctfonieba oi Jwdy-enawnr; ' ''Wt 1 ;th'ere Was no tnedicril aohool 1 ifii! the height iboriibood, -or I- wonldiave pnt it down at oooe to those worthies. The mote Itimnght, . the more I felt conviooed it was " the ' "result : of my punsiu a disordered jiriiagiostioq, from bring tefraUalime at -'nightfall- in "-ench a -ghoetiy building.' ,r After a while I said.: " Whist is (mt of the qneetioo tojpigbt j no one's Jhimghta aronld'beio pie. or h'er hand ; .bo if Tim would like » stroll I am ready for one." ' n " He feageriyi aooeptod the in vitation ; hut my iMary both eprnng : np : arid, intercepted. jus on . opr, way -to ..the dorir, saying, I qnld riot gy out." . Biie knew I' merilto goto ihehotWe/ rindti Iffid, sibe'- %onSigoitoo. ' Lpoofa-poohed tbe-idiwicfc going there, especially after what Mary had told us. " You don't believe a word I have told you — I am euro you do oot ; I oan see it by the twinkle of yoor eyes 1" ehe exclaimed — " And don't you go, Tom, let me beg of yon," Mary had a special interest in Tom ; ' and then he won't care to go alone." So Tom promised, folly intending to keep the promlee, I em sure ; end we were allowed to pase. Ae soon aB we got ontaide, I eeid : " Well, Tom, I did not promise, nor do 1 wish you to break yonre ; but I am off to the ' Duke'e. I have the key in my pocke:, aod wish to satisfy myee'f ; to-morrow may be too l-ito." j'- Then you behove Haty'a atory?" he said. ' Well, I am bound to believe it ; bnt It is not murderers or ghosts, end Fll fiod ont before comeback. Bat don't yoo go fo until I return, or yon will bs sending mv wife after me, and ell will depend on qniet." " Nsy," be said " If yon go, I will. No great harm in breaking a promlee of that kind ; aod it will be forgiven when " I plead anxiety for yonr safety." " Agreed," I replied. " Bat we moe- have a light. Aod if I go Into the Iri chen for my bnll's-eye, it will create eospicion there, and the news will be carried into the parlour." „ " f have one at my lodgings;" be said ; and 'I is on onr road ; and we can call and get it." W« accordingly did ; and Tom enggreto-' or taking a pair of pistols, in osss of need. I fi-mlv believe Tom hoped for a broah wit'- the villains. Arriving there, we walked ronud the hons- before entering it and peeped into every cook we oonld find. At last, we direoted onr glance to the upper regions ; mod about half-way op the airoular tower we though' .We could discern . a light. This was the wing Mary bad ehoseri for her sketch. T-m conld see it too. ' So we determined oil -onterioe. and if pooslhle aolviog tbe riddle, .to we readied the second landing — It was a coble atairoaoe with its carved bains trade - we heard voices arid thnmplng as of heavy beating enbstanees against the walls. When we came to tbe storey whence we nv the light on tbe oatside, Tom produoed his Ian- tern to find the door, for so well did it fi' that we oonld see no crevice of light to gn'd- os ; and having quietly opend it, w" peeped in ; bnt all was dark. We entered ; but it wae quite empty, and the tapestry bemg 8 tripped from the walls, showed nothing bnt tbe rough stones. AU was now qolet. that it seemed really me though we bad disturbed demon phantoms at their revels. I slid to Tom : " What oan be the mean ing of this f' Whop just as he wae going to reply, the noises qommeoced again, and " we stepped outside' and listened attentively. At last ' Tom suggested : " One of these. . niches, which looked paoueled opt for statues, most be a door. We examined the one ostefolly next the room we bad joet left, and sure enough name upon a secret spring. Tom pnt his light ont of sight and._pnt his. band on hia pUtoL' I very gently preeeed the epriog, when it noiselessly opened sufficiently for ris to 'see Into the room. - There was the old hag still at her brew, and one man with a knife was dismembering the limbs of his victim. He etopped his work to address some beings orit of onr sight ; arid we. having seen enongh, quietly closed tbe door, dsr'ed downstairs, and soon reach sd home. Tom was alwsys very pale, with large dark eyes ; and when be entered the room where my wife aod Mary were, hie look told in e moment where we had been, " Y ~~" we have been there.. and have seen enongh to appal the atonteet heart." Here I caught Tom'a well dissembled look of affright, and conld oootaio myself no longer ; I flnog myself on the ccnah and reared with langh- tar. I iaogbed so Jong that my svife began to think my brain was tnroed. 8he looked at Tom. hrit.be kept his connthuanrie, and con tinued his idiotic stare. At last Bering they were really . frightened, I gasped .' ont : €< Murder totU out i The corpses were pigs, oalded pigs ; arid the , hag was the old women that sells each splendid bleak pad- dines !" When I took the key back to the old . man, I naked him why . he. bad ..hie botcher's shop at the top of the old building, " Oh sir! be replied, " dliri't tell on me. Yon see. elr. I make a' littie by' lettiog it: very oheap to these people. I shonld riot be ' allowed, were It . kpowD. Thsy nsa that room because no one knows of it,' erid'they are ' unmolested. " I 'risn show the "hnn'e withpnt showiog'thst room, to the strangers who visit the town. .1 psed to make a'good hit by showing it in former times, tuit very .few. ccme.to sea it now." "Tnever hear of bannted houses now bnt I think of tile pjg-killere. '' "r" 