jATholic Intelligence^ VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. FEAST OF THE PURIFICATION. On Sunday last, the eve of the Feast of the Purification, a procession of the Children of Mary took place in the Metropolitan Church. About 90 walked in the procession, clad in white, and carrying banners. The Litany of Loretto and Beveralhymns were sung. The Acolytes, and Revs. Dean Dnnaghy, P. J• Aylward, J. Heffernan, and E. Kelly, joined in the procession. A sermon on St. Paul was preached by the Rev. W. O'Callaghan. His Grace the Archbishop was present. In the Church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond, on the same day, two Children of Mary were received by Father Mulhall, S.J., and one "child" was consecrated. A retreat for the Children of Mary was conducted from the Tuesday week each evening by the Rev. T. Cahill, S. J. A sermon was preached and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was piven each evening. The retreat was conducted by Father Cahill, and concluded on Sunday evening. On the fpast day the candles were blessed at the Metropolitan Church by his Grace the Archbishop at 8 o'clock. ST. JOHN'S, EAST MELBOURNE. The annual distribution of prizes to the children attending the female and infant schools of St. John's, Hoddle-strept, East Melbourne, took place on Monday last. His Grace the Archbishop presided, and distributed the prizes to the most successful pupils. All agreeable programme of hymns and recitations was gone through by the children. The Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatiick, V.G., Dr. Corbftt, St. Kilda, Father Aylward, and Father Heffernan (the pastor of St.. John's) were in attendance. The Archbishop and clergymen present seemed well pleased with the performances of the children. RELIGIOUS SOCIETIES. The weekly meeting of the St. Kilda Catholic Young Men's Society was held on Thursday, 29th January ; the president (Bro. M. O'Hea) in the chair. There were three nominations for membership. After the ordinary business, Beveral songs and recitations were given by the members, which brought the meeting to a close. RECEPTION IN THE GEELONG CONVENT. The interesting and impressive ceremony of religious reception took place on 2nd February, the Feast of the Purification, in the convent church. The Ven. Archdeacon Slattery represented the Archbishop on the occasion, and received the new Sisters. He also preached the reception sermon, and gave Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament. The young ladies who put off the secular dress, and were clothed in the holy habit of religion, and admitted as novices in the Order of Our Lady of Mercy, were Miss Byrne, from Melbourne, who took the name of Sister Mary Bridget: Miss Conway, daughter of Mr. P. J. Conway, of Lancefield, who took that of Sister Mary Philomene; and Miss Keogh, from Nunawading, who took that of Sister Mary Borgia. The ceremony, including the delivery of the sermon and benediction, occupied nearly two hours. The Revs. W. Finn and M. Murphy, of St. Mary's, Geelong, and the Rev. C. Nulty, S. J., ofMelbourne, assisted the Archdeacon. A large number of ]adics and some gentlemen, the friends of the novices elect, were present. The ( hoarders, neatly dressed and wearing •white veils, were placed between the nuns' choir and the organ gallery, and the little orphans kneeling behind them helped to fill up the beautiful convent church. The hymns and psalms appropriate to the occasion and the Tanturn Ergo were efficiently rendered by the convent choir, Sister M. Regis presiding at the organ. We regret to observe that, for the. long space of 20 years, this was the first ana only occasion of the kind on which the late beloved Rev. Mother was absent. But we fondly trust that she looked down from her place in Heaven and rejoiced to see that her dear community was still prospering, and receiving into its friendly and peaceful bosom] youthful and fervent yirgins, who approached in bridal dresB to' present themselves to the Heavenly Bridegroom. ; Doubtless, she presented their prayers, their desires, arid their whole offering to Himj, and joined her prayers to those of all who were present •ut the reception that the newly- received might persevere in their holy vocation and becatoe worthy children of Our Lady of Mercy. The Arcbdeaoon, in a simples,. instructive, and practlc&l; discourse, offered words of counsel and «nbouragement to the, new novices. Three important lessons wore derived, he Aid, from the feast which, the Church -celebrated on that day—and these leBsonB were most appropriate to those vjho con- secrated themselves to God in the religions life. They were purity, poverty, and obedience. The Holy Virein came to the Temple to be purified, and to remove even the legal stain; and this she did although she waa most pure, «the Lily of Israel" and " the Virgin of Yirgine." So much did she love this virtue—the queen of all others—that, according to St. Jerome, she would have sacrificed the proud and glorious title of Mother of God rather than lose it. How dear, therefore, was it not to her. Should not religious love it, cherish it, and jealously guard it ? To preserve this delicate virtue every one needs the Divine help, as the wise man testified. But God gives his efficacious help to those who pray for it, who guard their senses, and who mortify themselves. Religious, he said, should encourage themselves to the practice of this virtue by the hope of the singular reward promised in Holy Writ to those who are faithful in preserving it. St. John proclaimed this reward when he wrote in the Apocalypse that the virgins "shall follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth." The second virtue taught by the Holy Virgin on that day waa " poverty." The law prescribed the offering; of a lamb or or two doves. She was so poor as to be unable to offer morethanthedoves. Religious should endeavour to imitate this virtue. Let them bear in mind that God will provide everything necessary for them, and that they will experience what the Apostle experienced, who, " having nothing, possessed all thin gs.'' The third virtue which he invited them to imitate was " obedience," of which the Holy Virgin has given us 6uch a striking example. She came, in obedience to the law, to bepurified in the Temple, although she was not bound by the law, for she had conceived by the power and operation of the Holy Ghost. She had conceived without the loss of her virginity. In like manner, religious should aspire after perfect obedience, which is always a a pleasing sacrifice offered to God, and which He prefers "to victims." Two circumstances, he felt convinced' would render the practice of obedience easy and sweet to them. The first was to see with the eyes of faith God Himself commanding them in the person of the Superior. He who obeys the Superior obeys God. The second was a circumstance which afforded him much pleasure to mention. It was that they were to live under obedience to a gentle and amiable Superior, to obey whom, he felt sure, would be a labour of love. In addition to the love and faithful observance of these three noble virtues, he would add that they should devote themselves with zeal, energy and patience to the great and meritorious work, so much needed in these days, of teaching the young. To encourage them to do all this, which he knew they offered themselves to God on that day to do, he would remind them that great peace awaited them in their happy convent home, and a crown of never-fadiDg bliss would be awarded them beyond the grave, which they would enjoy in company with those dear departed Sisters who passed away from their midst, and whose remains now lie within the convent grounds awaiting a glorious resurrection. At the conclusion of the sermon, Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given. Rarely have we seen a more magnificent cope and veil than were used on this occasion. The remonstrance, too, was splendid, and was, we have been told, presented to the late Rev. Mother by the past and present pupils of the convent. Benediction having been given by the Archdeacon, all proceeded to the large receptionroom, where a sumptuous dejeuner was prepared for them, and where the good nuns vied with one another in their attention to the guests. We should not omit to say that the new novices, pleasure beaming in their faces, came in to see their friends and to receive the congratulations which greeted them on every side. All were happy to see them so happy, and they were happy to hear themselves called for the first time respectively—Sisters Bridget, Philomene, and Borgia. {From our Geelong. Correspondent.) ANNIVERSARY OF ST. MARY. Sunday last being the eighth anniversary of the Consecration of St. Mary's, an occasional address of considerable power find eloquence was delivered by the Venerable the Archdeacon at the conclusion of the eleven o'clock Mass. After a comprehensive review of the many and various persecution's to whioh the Church of Christ had been exposed from her very infancy, th? preacher proceeded to show how ajlthe'-tefforts of Satan and wicked 'men combined had only served to st&bilit;&te; and confirm the truth. All the', ".isms " and - schisms were being; gradually 1 swallowed ttp in the dark ocean of mfidelity,« whilBt the infallible Church of Christ: was: sttll bravelyj>urauing her divine mission, and frowning defiance to her enemies. The effort made a few years ago to arrest the progress of the Church in this young country, by destroying the faith of their little children, and which effort they had so successfully resisted, was another illustration of the manner in which God turns the efforts of the enemy to the good of His elect. It was fondly imagined that the rising generation of Catholics would be caught in the net of secularism, but everyone now knew how miserably that diabolical scheme had failed* Five years ago, when speaking from that altar under the influence of strong emotions, and at a crisis when what he considered his duty compelled him to speak strongly, he professed his readiness to unsheath "the flashing sword" in defence of Catholic rights; and he would now repeat that, were the necessity to arise, he would not shrink from adopting that extreme course. The Archdeacon concluded a lengthy address by thanking the congregation for the unvarying generosity with which every appeal had been responded to during the eight years that had elapsed since the dedication of the church. Though the altar had to be draped in purple (being Sexagesima Sunday), and the Gloria omitted for the same reason, the incidental music was appropriately of a festive character. Handel's Hallelujah chorus was given with good effect, and the offertory piece—an Ave Maria—was admirably rendered by Miss Maher. After Vespers there was a procession of Children of Mary in honour of the occasion. CANDLEMAS DAY. Monday last, being the Feast of the Purification, or Candlemas Day, was observed as a day of devotion. The candles were blessed by ihe Venerable the Archdeacon at the eight o'clock Mass at St. Mary's, a large congregation being present. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. The first number of the Monthly Magazine for the current year was presented at last meeting. It comprised the following contributions:—"Abolition of Patronage," by the Editor; a well-written poem by Mr. T. Cassidy, entitled "The Soldier's Return;" a seasonable article or. " The Coming Elections," by Mr. J. J. Trait; and a short essay on " Happiness," by Mr. P. Whelan. There was a good attendance of members, and the sentiments contained in the various articles elicited the applause of the meeting. 