The Chronicle. TUESDAY, AUGUST 10,1880. It mast be taken, we suppose, as an earnest of the good intentions, not only of tbelast, bat of the preceding Govern ment, that the permanent survey of the railway line from Colac to Camper down .has now..been brought within a few miles of this township. That is something to congratulate ourselves upon, although nothing to go into hysterics over, for there is a wide dis tinction between making the survey of a railway line, and making the railway itself, as we know to our cost. Yet let us be thankful for small mercies, and show how we appreciate what has been done in this, case, by nrging the pre sent Government to go further, and by not giving any succeeding Government rest, until the work is completed. No thing-can be clearer, than that Cam perdown' is languishing for want of railway communication, as is also the whole of the .surrounding district, except it be that our claims to it arc so strong and undoubted that they can no longer be iguored, without the most flagrant injustice. Still, as great bodies move slowly, and as there are always hindrances to the speedy prote cution of works of this kind, whatever the prospects of their being undertaken, we should follow the example of others, and bring what pressure we can to bear on the Government. Nor are there wanting special reasons for this, nor for our doing it at the earliest possible moment. For instance, there is no great prospect of the stability of the present Government, even in the opinion of its best friends,and, although Mr. Beriiy is known to be favorable to the extension of the line from Colac to Camperdnwn, he may not be able to assist us long. Again, only L2,0C0,000 out of the £5,000,000 loan, remains to be negotiated, and if we do not get the Colac to Camperdown line constructed out of that LSjOOO.OOO to lie boiroind in October or Ho veaber text, iv em strnction ;■?/be postponed until tie crack of doom.- No one can tell whm we fchall have another loan for railway purposes, and nothing is more certan lhan that wo cannot go on constrnctug railways without loans. Furthermcrc, so many districts are pressing tteir claims at the present time on the Go vernment for railways, that ours wll certainly be. disregarded, unless >c show an equal amount of zeal and the same determination not to have oar claims set aside. How this can best be done, we leave for the consideration of those whose business it is to undertake it. 'We have no great faith ourselves in the representations of self-constituted deputations, but there are other ways in which our claims might be brought under;the notice of the Government. When the survey of the line from Colic Ito Camperdown is completed, a public meeting J might be called, and the attention of the Government might be directed to the subject by a series cf well-considered resolutions. Or, with out , waiting for that, communication might be opened up with the Govern ment'in writing, and their answer ob tained in the same way. In any case, something should be done, and the sooner.tbe better. Beaven helps those who help themselves, and, without self help, we cannot be helped. " • The non-insertion of Mr. Longmure'g name in the list of the new Ministry has been a matter of surprise to many. Some attribute it to Mr. Berry's desire to adopt a more moderate course of pro cedure, and to his not thinking Jlr; Longmore any longer a safe man* Others are of opinion that it arose ou* of tb(hbct?of;' being uncertain, without the ".Catholic vote," which wilPnot, in all probability, be cast for Ministers this time. More take qnite a different view of matters, and would have us believe that it was a piece of self-abnegation on Mr Long mare's: part,'and that he- actually de sired Mr 'Berry to take Mr. .Richardson as Minister of Lands in preference to himself. Now none of these reasons, .nor the* whole of them taken together, may be sufficient to account for Mr. Berry's hnving_j>assed over Mr. Long more, but it has spared us the trouble and expense of another contested elec tion at the present time. For, had it been Mr. Longmore's good or ill fortune to have been sent back to face his con stituenls^qn this occasion, Mr. Gaunt would have been there to oppose him, and Mr. Longmore mu?t riot forget the old adage, that, although the pitcher be sent safely to the well twenty times, it comes home biokeu at last. Kay more: Mr Loogmure must be well ■aware that his hold on the electors of Kipon and Hampden is far less than it once was, and that he only secured his re-election on the last two occasions, first by the creation of faggot votes at the other end' of the electorate, and, next, by the " Catholic vote" being cast for him at both ends. Let it not be thought that we are going out of. our way in what we have now written to, assail Mr. LongmoreJ or to heap con tumely on his head. So far from that, we simply wish to draw a moral from it.jand it is one which may be read with advantage, we think, both by Mr Long more and by the electors of Kipon and Hampden. Violent things do not List for ever. Ordinarily, they do not last long. No candidate, for a seat in Parliament is.jtherefore, justified, even as a stroke of policy, in constantly abusing one half, of those to whom he looks for support, whilst .flattering the other half. Yet that has been Mr. Longmore's course of proceeding in Eipou and Hampden for the last fifteen.years, with the excep tion, perhaps,1 of- bis last visit,' while his language was a little more_ subdued, and he talked of people growing wiser 'as they grew older. ~That may be all very well. Mr. Longmore may be ready to turn over a new leaf. But the mischief has already been done. lie has been setting clas3 against class for the ■last fifteen years, until he sees a majo rity of his constituents are no longer disposed to submit to it. He has not the courage to face and address them as formerly, and this may be one of the reasons why is he not now Minister of Lands, although not the only one. He could neither trust himself, nor be trusted by others to be sent hither again so soon after the late election. The electors of Kipon and Hampden will, doubtless, bear this in mind, and shape their course accordingly. Whenever Mr. Longmore solicits their suffrages' again, should lie ever do so, they must bear in mind the kind of man they have' to deal with. There must bo no pitiful complaints about the uselt: sues of at. tempting to oppose him, t sjm cially of a landed proprietor,' his special abomina tion, making any such attempt. That ghost is laid: that "bugaboo" must never be allowed to: frighten .the elec tors of Kipon and! Hampden again. Neither Mr. Longmore, nor any of those with whom be acts, will ever con test the seat for Kipon and Hampden again, until absolutely compelled to do so. If we are right in our conjecture as to his noil-appointment to the office of Minister of Lands again, they have already shown " the white feather,'1 and advantage should be taken of this. The best man that can be found to represent us, no matter to what class he belongs, should be put forward at the next elec tion. A change in the representation of the district has long been desired, and it will be our fault now, if we do do not secure it, Everything points that way, and the chance of onr doing that, may come sooner than many ex pect. We were indebted a few publications back to an esteemed correspondent, who wrote undor the signature of J. M., for a letter on "proportional represents tion," and the same subject has since been rather extensively discussed in the Melbourne papers. Nothing can be added to the explanation our correspon dent then gave us of the merits of that system—which is, in (act, Hare's system for the " representation of minorities"— or the mode of conducting it. Still much and long as it has been discussed in England, on the continent of Europe, n the Unite* States, tad in (fen colon el, it has male little bead-way, and We is no great chance, we think, of ita general adoption. Yet had this system seen in operation on the 11th of May, L 877, as Mr. Hogan states in the last number of the Victorian Review, it night hare proved an effectual anti dote to the evils incidental to man hood suffrage. " Our party", says that gentleman, " would not then have'heen able to send sixty repre sentatives to parliament, whilst' the other, but little inferior in point of num bers, conld only succeed in "returning twenty-five. There must be something wanting in a system under which an eminent man like Dr. Heurn, a writer whose works are read and Btndied as text-books throughout the English speaking world, can be kept out of the Legislative Assembly for sucessive years, whilst a joung gentleman, who happens to be the popular captain of a foot-ball club, secures a seat at the first attempt.'' So far we agree with Mr. Hogan, in what we have put; in our quotation, as also in what he says about the glaring incon gruities which appeared in the returns of the elections at Ballarat and Sand hurst in February last. But he goes a little too far, we think, in saying that he is only giving expression to . the wishes of every thinking man in the com-' munity, when he hopes for the speedy ingrafting of a minority clause on our present electoral act. We may see and deplore, as many do, the existence of evils iv oar present electoral- Bysteni, without being so satisfied, as some are, that the " representation of minorities,!' according to Mr. Hare's theory, is the only cure for them. All the time of the passing of the Reform Bill of 1832,' Hare's system was brought under the notice of Earl Grey's Cauinet, and preference was given to one, under the advice of Loid John Russell, now Earl Russell, more conformable to our habits of think ing f namely thatof representing all classes and sections of the community.- r -Nor could we ever be brought to see,* that the principle then acted upon, that of ex tending the suffrage on good old Eng lish notions of representation was not the best and the safest. We admit that the " representation of minorities" has been tried in the State of Illinois for some years past with apparent suc cess, but what we most want here, as it strikes us, is a reform of a .very different kind. ■ Let our electoral districts be so arranged that those residing at one side of a district shall not have it in their power to neutralise the votes given at theother," and "that would be a real and substantial reform. Take Ripon and Hampden as one example. The Beau fort end of the district always out-votes the Camperdown end, and practically disfranchises it We might as well be without votes at this end of the elector ate as with them under existing ar rangements. The proper,cure for that would either be to let?iponand Hampden stand alone, or some other arrangement might be made whereby a mining popu lation should not have it iv its puvrer to outvote a pastoral and agricultural population. For the rest, we mast wait, and we shall hare to wait no doubt a long while. There will be no "representation of minorities" in our time, It is too foreign to our babits of thought. _. v. Since our last issue nothing fresh has tran spired with regard to the situation in Af ghanistan. Ayoub Khan, it is said, has come up -with the relieving forces of Gene ral Phayre, but hesitates to attack the lat ter. The British troops are expected to resnme the offensfve in a few days, and more fighting may, therefore, be looked forward to. According, ta the " Argus" telegram, the evacuation of Cabal, at the present juncture, is generally condemned in England, as it leaves General Roberts and his relieving force without a base of operations. The new Ameer, Ahdur Rah man, is proving faithful to. the British, his own safety:'depending on the alliance. It will be seen by the Shire advertisement appearing in another column, that Thurs day, the 26th'ihst., has been fixed ai the day for holding an election to fill the va cancy in the' Hampden Shire ""Council, caused by the resignation of William Scott, Esq. Nomination papers and deposits moat be lodged with the Shire Secretary before 4 p.m..on Monday next, the 14th inst. Dr. Anderson, of Wnurong, was yesterday pre sented with a requisition to allow himself to be put in nomination, and consented. The names of Mr. James Maconocbie, of West Bank, Lismore, and Mr. R. H. Adams, of Koortmoolong, Cobden, have also been men. tioned in connection with the seat. The residents of the southern portion of the riding are greatly desirous of securing the election of the latter gentleman in conse quence of his general acquaintance with the requirements of the district. We have it, however, on good authority that he will not oppose Dr. Anderson, who, we believe, will go to the poll for certain. We are indebted to a correspondent at Scots Creek for the following:—"Floods are so free quent in Scotts' creek, owing to the late rains, that one does not know whether the creek can be crossed at all. In the case'of women it is something terrible, as there is an overflow just at the neck of the creek by the bridge which has made a chasm on the road sufficient to terrify any penonl'desironi of crossing, and if the water is only level with the floor of the bridge it* roar is some thing frightful. You can thus form some idea of what it is when the water is three feet above the bridge. The temporary bridge at Vagg's is in a wretched condition, tut we are given to understand th?t this is the sit fixed npon by Mr Saskein for the new cross, ing. A number of people are now using Howlett's bridge, although they say that it was a mistake erecting a bridge there, but, of course, it was put up before settlement to any extent took place. However, the new bridge is not expected to be completed before the new year, and, therefore, we shall have to submit to hard times daring the remainder of the winter." We have been reqnestid ta notify that the Key. D. F. Barry. U. 5.8., will preach in St. Mary's Church, Camperdown, on Sunday next, at 11 a.m. The subject of the ser mon will be "The immortality nf the soul,1' and a collection will be made iv aid of St. Benedict's monastery, .Inverness, Scotland. On behalf of which the rev. gen tleman U now gathering fnnds. We have received a copy of the Victoria Insurance Company's Balance Sheet for t! c year ending 30th Jnne, 1880. By this we observe the Society has transacted a larjie, {>rofitable. and increasing business; the osscs and claims bein^ considerably 'el than the usual average. The tot il receipts for the year are £'208,111 7s. Id., and, after paying all expenses and carrying £30,000 forward as a reserve fund, the Society have still a credit balance of L 71.092 13s. 10J. Fiva-eighths of this amount will be distri battd in dividends of 10s. per share, and the remaining three-eighths will be retained to anement the reserve fuud. The local agenti are Messrs. T. and W. Down. Jndga Bkiaaer has htmm appended; to pnridje over the Camperdow? County Cont to be held on Saturday, the 14th Aogntt. The following cam have been filed for bear ing :—Debt—J. Bonlton v. W. Junkin, £9 l&i; 8d; Thomas Picken v. 6. Hamilton, £10 0? 2d ; J. W. Swanson v. D. M'Nicol, £3 ;W. M'Donald t. M. Darcy, £4 5?; J.. Bunole v. Q. Bone, LI 13s ; R. Borr v. E. Myers, Ll9; J. Tait v. T. Trueman,L27 8s ; D. Harrison v. A. L. Peter, L 23 14a Id; G. Mitchell v. J. M'DonaldrL36 17b;' S. Gillespie v A. Clarendon, L3os4d; S. Gillesl pie v. E. Gamer, L 4 11s ; J. Bowker v. M. Jones, Ll5 3s 7d; G.Bobertson v. T."'Sauv eon, LB4s sd; Jas. Tait, r. J. Boyce, L3O 10s 5d ; J. Jackson v. M. Neylon, L 79 3s. lid. Illegal Detention—T. Campbell v. J. and M. Campbell, L 37 2s. 6d, The rev T\ F. Barry 8.0.5.8, is advertised to lecture in the Mechanics' Institute, Cam perdown, on Tuesday, Angnst 17tb. The rev. gentleman has chosen for his subject. Tbe " Sougs and Music of Ireland " which should prove very interesting. Father Barry has been lecturing through the colon ies for two years and during bis passage has succeeded in winning great appreciation from bis audiences and the press. We an ticipate a truly intellectual evening on the occasion of this lecture, and, as the rev. lee tcrer is spoken, of as "brimful of wit and humour," he will no doubt ~ vary 'the^sub ject in snch an able manner as to realize ono of Irelands songs, "Erin'the smile and th tear in thine eye." ■.■.:'. '..":'■': A meeting of the promoters of the proposed rabbbit factory at Camperdown, was held in the Leura hotel on Friday last and was well attended. Dr. Andersonj of Wuorong was in the chair, and tbe report submitted by the provisional committee was adopted. By our report of the proceedings which appears in another column it will be seen that over 1,000 shares were subscribed for in the room, and it was anticipated that the whole of the 3,000 shares necessary to the registration cf the company, would be speedily disposed of. The : prospectus appears in onr advertising c olumns,and on perusal it will be found that the company proposes to check the growth of the rabbit nuisance and provide an ex tended field of labor for the working classes of this neighborhood.' The' promoters, an ticipate that by the establishment of a fac tory in Camperdown,,the cost of preserving will be lessened, and that the rabbits will be delivered in a much more wholesome con dition, a result consequent upon the re duction of the distance to be traversed. They also calcnlate upon being able to work a month later in the season than the Colac es tablishment, and, that owing to the rich nature of the grass in Camperdown district, ; the produots of the factory will become famous for their excellence. The final clause of the prospectus provides for the return of all money paid by intending share holders, in the event of the 3,000 shares not being taken up by the Ist September next, but it is thought that operations will be commenced by the middle of March with out fail, and the promoters feel confident that the required capital will be subscribed long before the specified time. The trial of Kelly continues at Beech worth, and will not be fiuished for several days to come. A contemporary, writing of the outlaw, says:—He is generally respectful in his demeanor. He" takes a scarlet lined opossum skin rug into the dock with him, and appears to be afraid of the least draught. When vieited by Mr. Foster. P.M., he said that he did not care whether he lived or died, but that he would like to save or serve some of his friends first, the inference being that he has a plant somewhere in the ranges, and would like to let it be known to his sisters.- V r. ' ■ : • ■'■' '- ' ' ■■• The Speaker on Friday issued writs for the election of members to serve in the Legisla, tive Assembly of Victoria for the electoral districts of Ballarat West, Castlemaiue, Collingwood, Creswick, Fitzroy, Geelong, Xlandurang, and Williamstown. The fol lowing arrangements have been made for the elections : —Day before which nomination a are to be made, 12th August; day of polling ISth Angnst; return of writs, 25th Angust* A. few nights ago Mr. Greaves, of Skipton had some twenty sheep destroyed. This time the offending depredators are supposed to be a dingo and fox. The former was destroyed, but the fox is still at large. .., An offence of the most wanton "and "dis graceful character, says the "Argus," oc curred on Thursday night.' Two dogs were put over the fence into the Zoological garden's,' iv tHe'RoyaV"park, and they killed 12 wallabien, four kangaroos, andfonrsheep estimated to be warth LlOO. The garden fence* ia 7ft. 6in. high and secure all rnund, and it wonld have been impossible for the dogs to have got over or through it. The dogs are described as follows:—One is a black and white bull-dog,' well-bred, and of powerful build; the other is . a half-bred kangaroo dog, red, tinged with black alone the back. Both dogs were .shot, but their bodies can be seen at the gardens. At the request of many supporters of tbe Australian Eleven, Messrs.- Boyle and Scott forwarded to London on Saturday morning the following telegram:—"Victoria con gratulates you. General rejoicing at con tinned success." The Cricket Associations of Victoria and New South Wales telegraphed to London on Saturday a congratulatory message as follows.—"Both associations congratulate and express sympathy at un friendly treatment. Very desirous chal lenge All-England Eleven." '. Mr. J: D. Fitzgerald, traveller and bnyer (or Messrs. Charles Cox and Co., skin mer chants, of Custom House Lane, Melbourne, is now in Camperdown, and may be seen at Mr. Neylon'a Commercial Hotel. Now that the winter has fairly set in there is a tre mendons demand for all kinds of animal skins in the metropolis. The skin of the rabbit has especially become a staple com modity, the fur being converted into felt hats, trimmings for ladies' hats, dresses mantles, and many other useful commodji tin. Mr. Fitzgerald informs us that several gentlemen in this district whose lands are overrun with rablitr, would be only too glad to secure the services of several good hands for the purpose of keeping the pests under. The men would be provided with accommo dation, guns, ammunition, traps and dogs and in return for their labour would be allowed the rabbits for their own disposal. By this means numbers of those out of work would be able to seenre permanent employ ment and a good income into the bargain. Messrs. Cha?. Cox and Co., by their repre sentative, are now giving from Is to Is 9d por dozen for rabbit skins, according to quality, and the demand is snch that they are ready to purchase in large or small quantities. Landowners and others eliould, therefore, not miss this chance of obtaining some compensation for the large amount of damage visited on their land by the scourge; The following is tbe simplest way of re moving skins, involving less labour and en suring a high price : —" Make a small bole :n the l>elly close to the hind legs, turn over iheskiu and pull uu to the beail, skin off the nose ami hang the skin on to a nail. To do thin, get battens and put nails in three inches apait ; let the skins hang down ftraiglit, jiuttiug a small stick iv at the bot-or- to keep same extended; there is no ntcensity to put wire, stisw, or board in I hem." In conclusion, attention is directed to advertisement in another column, by which it will be seen that Mr. Fitzgerald will visit Terang on Wednesday and 'I'bun day and Mortlake on Friday, returning to Camperdown the following day,—^Autt.) 