The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XXXVII. "MAGGIE'S SECRET." BY "DRAMINGO." IF people would only see themselves as others see them what good it might do them! A certain young lady—I won't particularise her by name—remarked that I was a nasty, prying, curious bird, and that there was no doing any thing in the house since I had come back but that I was watching. Now I appeal to an en lightened public as to whether I am not the discreetest of magpies : the secrets that I have not disclosed, why, their name is legion; and yet l am called a prying bird! We are bound to be victims of injustice in this world, and I only hope the Bouncer will be forgiven for making suoh a statement about me. James is coming down to be present at Agatha's wedding. I suppose I shall have to renew our old hostilities ; I should prefer being friends, but I know the hopelessness of the attempt, so although desirous of peace I am prepared for war. From what I can hear there's been another death out West It seems a remarkable kind of country out there ; always somebody dying, or getting lost, or something. When I commenced this veracious history somebody had just gone under, and now there's another man, no less than Mrs. Bloomington's father, come to grief. I don't think I ever saw him myself, so don't feel any deep and lasting sorrow on his account; perhaps if I had known him I would not have done so either. The preparations for this marriage are nearly driving me insane. Surely other people have been married before; it's not such an unpre cedented event that Agatha need make such a fuss about it. Between ourselves, Bob does not look as happy as he should ; he evidently wishes it was all over. Once or twioe he's looked at me as though he would like to take me into his confidence, but he has not had the oourage to do so as yet. Perhaps he wants my advice as to a plan of escape ; perhaps he wants to cut and run for it; and my assistance would be invaluable at covering his retreat. Nevil arrived in Sydney all right, and I sup pose Bloomlngion did also; at least I have not heard of his arrest, and I read the papers regularly. I suppose Nevil is going to break the news of her father's death to Mrs. Bloomington ; he need not have gone to the trouble. I admire the way he and Jack go on about that woman. Do you suppose if she was plain, awkward and uninteresting that they'd make all this fuss ? No; she might go her own way, without their troubling their heads about her. It's the way of the world; let a pretty girl or woman get into trouble or difficulty, and she'll find cham pions at once only too ready to take the part of an interesting damsel. But let the distressed one have a large mouth and a squint, and where are your Wilfrids of Ivanhoe then ! Do you think if Rebecca had been fashioned after an ordinary and homely type that the above mentioned gentleman would have bustled up in such a hurry to fight in her cause ? Not he! He might have given information to the police, or sent Gurth and Wamba to tell Bois Guilbert he'd punch his head next time they met, but that is as far as his devotion would have carried him. I confess to being influenced that way myself ; I don't think I should like Clara so well if she were not so nice to look at: although when you are thoroughly used to a person it is very hard to determine whether he or she is good-looking or not. I'm a handsome bird myself ; perhaps that is why I'm partial to beauty. When I get my spring plumage on ; dark glossy black, and pure white; I'm a credit to the magpie tribe. I wonder whether they'll let me be present at the marriage ceremony ; if the Bouncer has her way she won't; but I don't intend to be sat upon even by a bride. Look here ; I don't often tell secrets; but the way that girl has been going in for reducing the size of her waist lately is beyond a joke. She gets the cook up—a strong able-bodied female standing 5 ft. 9in. to help lace her in tightly ; and I've listened at the door, and heard her gasping for breath during the operation. She shouldn't call me a prying bird, or I would not make these disclosures. James came home yesterday, greatly improved in every way. I believe something will be made out of that youth yet; but he must be kept out of town. I have not quarrelled with him yet. Nevil is taking a long time breaking that news to Mrs. Bloomington ; he's been away nearly a fortnight, and the Bouncer's marriage takes place in three days ; and as he is to be Bob's best man he'll have to look sharp to be here in time. Since I last wrote in this record we have been visited by one of the biggest storms it has been my lot to remember, and I have seen a good many, as you may imagine. This one set in on the day after my penning the last remarks. First we heard of there being heavy weather along the coast, same time that Jack got a telegram from Nevil saying that he was about to leave in the Kishna. Then communication was inter rupted, and we heard no more until we got the storm itself, which had been travelling up the coast to us. It commenced in the evening two days before the Bouncer's wedding was to have taken place. All day the dull gray clouds had been driving across the sky at a terrific pace, but in the street we felt little wind. Now and again there was a squall; but they were only short, and towards sundown there fell a strange ominous calm, and the clouds got darker and thicker, and seemed to hang lower, almost on the house tops. I was awakened about midnight by the rain, for I was roosting in the verandah ; it just wetted me a little, and I was going to shift my position, when the wind commenced, and next moment I was fairly blown out into the garden. By keeping under shelter of the house I managed to work my way along to the back verandah, and there, drenched and cold, I had to remain until morning. Such a storm! Sheets of iron were all over the street in the morning, and still the gale showed no sign of abating. The rain drove along nearly horizon tally, and beat in at every window and door. This was the day before the Bouncer's wedding day, but under present circumstances it was postponed, and the girls sat in the room looking out at the pouring rain, frightened and anxious. Towards noon the wind dropped a little, and for a time there was a lull ; but at night it recom menced, and all through the hours of darkness raged and roared and bellowed so that nobody slept, or thought of sleep. By daylight its strength was nearly spent, and towards 10 o'clock patches of blue sky began to show in the dull leaden monotony of gray that had hitherto usurped the heavens. Jack came home to lunch, looking very grave and anxious. Then it struck me that the Kishna was overdue more than forty-eight hours! It was a very melancholy meal, that luncheon, when there should have been a wedding breakfast. Jack evidently tried to keep his spirits up to the proper pitch, but it was so evidently a forced attempt that he had better have given in and been melancholy at once. James was invaluable ; really that six months on a station has made a man of him ; he quite kept the tone of the family up to con versation pitch, and prevented there being an utter collapse. Communication was restored along the lines the next day, but in the list of disaster and trouble that poured in there was no mention made of the Kishna. The next day passed without any tidings. Clara wandered trom room to room unable to stop long in any place. I felt very miserable myself, although I had a great belief that Nevil was not born to be drowned, and as events proved I was right. But I am antici pating. That day closed without any news, and the time crept slowly on till Bob turned up aboat 9 o'clock. Now I saw in a minute that he had heard something ; he could no more conceal it from me than he could fly ; but the other stupids didn't notice it. They sat there and talked and chatted until the girls went to bed ; and then I saw it was coming. Bob's face fell at once. "It's all up, old man, I'm afraid. The Bowen came in this evening, with fourteen of the crew and passengers of the Kishna; the only sur vivors." Poor Jack ; it was his own tried and old friend that had gone down ; the man to whom he was about to entrust his sister ; and it was scarcely to be wondered if for a few seconds he could hardly find words to reply. At last he spoke, and he had to hesitate before ho could speak distinctly. " Any particulars of the wreck?" "Very few. She was caught in the gale, and had to heave to. In the middle of the night, a sea broke into the engine-room and put the fires out. Before her head could be got to wind, she was nearly swamped by successive waves, and half the crew were disabled or swept overboard. An attempt was made to lower the boats ; but they were all smashed save the one in which the men who were picked up escaped ; and they only got off by a miracle. They said the steamer's lights disappeared half an-hour after they left, but it might have been that from their position they could no longer see her." " They might have got some of the other boats off after these fellows left," suggested James. Bob shook his head. " I'm afraid from what the men said there was little hope of that; all the boats on the davits were smashed, and the other two were in-board, and with the sea sweeping over her it would be impossible to get them out. But I have something else to tell you, and that is that amongst the survivors is a child, a little girl, whom you know well ; I did not bring her here to-night, as it would have told the story to the girls ; but I left her with Mrs. Mortmain." "Not Mrs. Bloomington's niece, Ada?" said Jack. " Yes ; and she says her aunt was on board, and so was Nevil." " Then there is no hope," said Jack. " The child—who seems to have remembered wonderfully well what happened—says that she was with her aunt when Nevil came and said that the boat that was then being launched had some chance of living. He picked her up, and watched his opportunity to get to the side with her. She remembered seeing the boat underneath her, and hearing the second mate, who was in charge of it, call out 'Now.' Then she was dropped and caught by somebody, and the next minute they were a long distance away from the ship, for a big wave swept them apart." " Then Mrs. Bloomington is amongst the lost too ? What a sad fate, coming so soon after her other troubles." Bob nodded ; and the three men sat for some time without speaking. "And Clara ?" said Bob at last. "I think I had better tell her at once," said Jack; " certainty is better than anxiety any day but say good-night now ; I'd rather be alone." Bob understood him, and with a silent grasp of the hand left ; and James went to bed. Jack remained sitting at the table with his head rest ing on his hand thinking of the friend who had been to him as a brother, and was now lying at the bottom of the sea. Poor old Jack ! I did feel for him, and when I thought of Clara, sleep- ing calmly perhaps, and knew the news that would greet her in the morning, I felt still more. Jack must have sat there nearly two hours, almost without moving ; save once when he got up and walked about the room. At last he rose hastily, blew the lamp out, and left the room. Nearly a week has passed and there has been no fresh news ; steamers have been out searching for survivors, without success : the sea has got them and keeps them safely till the end of all things. And Clara. Well, she has astonished me. If I did not know how true her nature was, I should say that she did not care for Nevil as I fancied she did. She is taking it too quietly I am afraid ; there's a look of effort about her when she tries to talk that I don't like to see. Ada is with us ; Clara insisted on it. The child has nearly got over the shock and fright, only, with the unconscious cruelty of a child, she is constantly prattling about Nevil, and asking if he will come soon ; of her aunt she scarcely ever speaks. And this is the wedding week, or was to have been; truly the workings of Providence are wonderfuL It has been postponed for three months, and I am certain Agatha thinks that worse than the late calamity of Nevil's fate. I believe my little girl will break down at last; she's getting so pale and quiet; she can't give up all hope, she still thinks that something may turn up, some more survivors be found ; and it is this that keeps her anxious. Truly, as Jack said, anxiety is worse than certainty of the worst. Ah well, it's an unfeeling thing to wish, but it's a pity Nevil did not die out West that time ; it would have saved a lot of bother, and only shortened his life by a couple of years. Clara liked him then, but it was a very diflerent thing to what it is now. So everything is at sixes and sevens, and I'm the most miserable of birds. Poor Clara ; she's just come in, and she thinks she's by herself, and I can see the tears gather ing in her eyes. It almost breaks my heart to watch her; but I believe a good cry would do her good. Chapter XXXVIII In the drawing-room in a house in Sydney stood Nevil waiting, feeling like a man expect ing the signal to start on some hazardous enter prise. At Jack's earnest persuasion he had come down to break to Mrs. Bloomington the tidings of her father's death. Danten had an idea that Mrs. Bloomington was of a delicate and suscep tible nature, apt to be crushed beyond redemption if she received any sudden shock. It is scarcely necessary to say that Nevil did not share this opinion ; but he allowed himself to be overruled, and now stood there staring impatiently out of the window, and wishing himself a thousand miles away. The opening of the door and the rustle of a dress told him that he was brought to the scratch, and, feeling slightly confused, he turned to meet the lady. It was an exceed ingly awkward moment, and one that a woman was bound to have the best of. Nevil could scarcely lift his eyes to meet the familiar look of his companion, who on her part was as calm as was her wont. With characteristic want of moral courage, he debated in his own mind whether to break his evil news at once or put it off as long as possible. It is needless to state that he decided to put it off as long as possible ; what man would not ? He knew his fair friend too well to expect or fear a scene ; but still it must prove an uncomfortable interview, so the longer it was postponed the better. When people who are intimate with one another try to be conventional it is astonishing how little they can find to talk about; Ada however was a good subject for a stand-by, and Nevil managed to kill a good deal of time in questions about his little playmate of old. But, put off the evil moment as we may, time will persist in bringing us face to face with it at last; and when Mrs. Bloomington asked him pointedly if he had any news of her father he felt that now it had come. He told her his news, frankly and openly, as he would have done to a male friend ; and in this showed a just appreciation of her character. She took the tidings even as he expected, calmly, quietly, tearlessly ; only, when he would have left, she asked him to stay, and there was a wist ful look in her dark eyes he could not resist. If the strange fate that seems to delight in cross ing and thwarting our best-laid schemes could have searched the world through for a bait wherewith to tempt a man like Nevil, he could not have found one fitter for the task than the proud beautiful woman looking to him for the consolation and aid that their past intimacy authorised her to expect. Her late secluded life, and trouble, had lent a softer air to her general expression and manner, had endowed her with more of that clinging weakness that is a woman's most effective weapon. Nevil tried to utter some commonplace words of comfort and assurance ; but she stopped him with a ghost of her old scornful smile flitting over her face. " I expected this news," she said ; " for more than a fortnight I have felt that it had happened and when you came here so unexpectedly, I was certain that you were the bearer. What else would have brought you here ?" Nevil was silent; the question was too danger ous. He had risen and was standing near her chair, as he had stopped when about to say fare well. She looked up at him ; nature, and months of loneliness, were too strong for latter day resolutions. " Why did you keep away from me so pointedly the last time I was in Brisbane ?" " Was I not right, was it not the best thing to do?" " Yes ; but had I been in your place I should not have done so." " You were with good true friends then ; surely you could not think it was wilful neglect on my part." " Not wilful ; only studied." Nevil frowned slightly with annoyance ; what ever other characteristics Mrs. Bloomington had displayed, she had been always singularly free from the ordinary unreasonable pettishness of most women ; now she seerned to have suddenly mastered the talent with great success. " You are scarcely just to blame me for what you yourself admit was expedient," he said quietly. " Expedient! yes ; you men are perfect Jesuits in your love of the doctrine of ex pediency," she returned quietly. Nevil glanced at her with some astonishment "Do you not think you had better let me say good-bye for the present ? my visit has disturbed you." "No, don't go yet," she said, rising and putting her hand on his arm; " don't. If you knew what I have gone through these past solitary months you would never notice my hasty words; but l am not as self-controlled as I used to be, and you are right: your visit has disturbed me." He stood irresolute, wondering what he could say ; she seemed to have forgotten the fatal news he had been the bearer of, and to be only anxious to keep him with her a little longer, and as he took the hand she had laid on his arm, and looked down into the longing eyes turned up to his, more than ever did he wish himself a thou sand miles away. " I am so wretchedly lonely here," she sald ; " I have nothing to do but think of the past, and that has been such a fearful mistake that I wonder I don't poison myself, out of pure disgust for having played the game of life so badly ; and I thought myself so clever !" "Thinking of the past is of little use," he re turned tritely ; " you have all the future before you." " And of what avail is it! l am neither wife nor widow : people know me out of compassion, or on suffrance : women hate me, because men are fools enough to praise my looks." "Travel; go back to England, where nothing can be known of your husband's misdeeds ; and you have friends or relations there I suppose." "None that I would know again ; still there is something in what you say. I may carry out the idea, but not just at present; I have a reason for remaining In Australia a little longer. Are you returning shortly ?" she went on after a dangerous pause. "At once; by to-morrow's steamer." "Could you not stay a week? I have not seen a friend for a long time ; you might spare me a little time." Nevil felt bound to say yes ; the touch of the hand that still rested in his, the handsome face, soft with a new expression of tenderness in it, almost resting on his shoulder, were making havoc with his extremely susceptible heart; when a woman's voice was heard in the hall. " No, Miss Ada, you must not go in there; there's a strange gentleman there." " He's not strange," returned a child's voice petulantly;" I saw his card; it's Mr. Nevil," and the door was hastily flung open, and Ada rushed in, and welcomed him uproariously. To one person at least the interruption was very welcome; only he now found himself obliged to consent to prolong his stay in Sydney a little. As he left the house he saw a man talking to the cabman who had been waiting for him during his visit. Somehow the figure seemed familiar to him, but he had not time to make sure, for the man, who was poorly and shabbily dressed, hurried away at once on seeing him. As he was being driven back to his hotel, the recollection of this troubled him. " Who was that talking to you when I came out ?" he said to the cabman as he gave him half-a-crown over his fare. "I don't know, sir," replied the man; "he walked up, just before you came out, and was very anxious to find out if I knew your name, and who you were calling on." "Did you know!" "No, sir; you're a stranger to me, and I never was out at that house afore." " Well; remember if you see him again, and if so tell me ; but keep it to yourself ; and you'll find me a good customer while I'm in Sydney." The man nodded intelligently, and drove off. With a few shillings in his pocket, and a constant dread of discovery hanging over his head, Bloomington landed in Sydney from the same steamer that carried Nevil. To say that he was sick and tired of his life would only be the bare truth ; he clung to it only for one reason, one passion that had grown strong on him of late, during his desolate weary journey ings, lonely and outcast. He had nothing to do but brood over the past, and shun his fellow men; and these broodings always pointed to one fact; pointed at it so that he could not shut his eyes to it, or blink the damming evidence that seemed now so plain and unmis takable. His wife had never liked, nay, had hated, him ; that he knew before ; but now he knew that she must have loved the man of all men whom he hated with the hate of hell— Nevil. Then out of this grew up the strong desire for revenge. His life was forfeit ; it was valueless ; he had drunk the cup of despair to the very dregs, and knew its taste and bitter ness ; but, worthless as his life would henceforth be, he still might use it to tbe accomplishment of his vengeance. He remembered seeing his wife's name in the passenger list of an old paper that fell into his hands once ; and, carrying with him what scanty coin he had saved, and worked for, during his tramp amongst the stations, he went to Brisbane, trusting, and wisely, to slight disguise as being the surest. As a steerage passenger in the same steamer that took Nevil down he saw his enemy many times on the trip, and laid plot after plot to further his end, but all of them seemed absurd and unattainable. Landing, he tracked Nevil to his hotel, and haunted the street until he reappeared. He had a few shillings left, and part of these he expended in cab hire, to follow the man he believed had so deeply injured him. He dismissed his cab some distance away when he saw where Nevil stopped, and walked up to try and gain some information from the cabman; but in this he was dis appointed, as the man had none to give him. With all his mad passion and desire for revenge, he still remembered one thing, and that helped to make him more reckless. Should Nevil see and recognise him, he would be the last to deliver him up to justice ; of his wife he felt less sure. (TO BE CONTINUED) A new method of ornamenting a triumphal arch has just been invented at Bangalore, where one of the archei erected on the Maharajah's arrival wu " ornamented with looks of women's hair." 