[?] ?-?=;?;;;;;'; SCIENTIFIC UOSTSip. ' \ ;? ' ??'{ ' 1 ,ir 231% TkwaA';t Magazine Has beemmaking some ' vor}''cauStiiB'!romarUBl ori'ithe ' medical* ?profea- 'BioB1' maintaining the jjrbpoeitiotii that fashion, ; not Bciouc'^ riiloB.pveryttnng in tlio t^at'mojit '..of ;disease; ijhatihpiprihciplos, an ; the. ascen . datit j»t. any .'timenTBtlioaewluoii »found favor . .at Bomb 'former period'-and' -that, 'after 'going 'outof f»3uibn'th'6y, will' coine'in again. ' 'Arga irig^n these premises., the ;\ynter.expre3sea his .'.belief tua't l&q;,iuie of .the/lancet ^willipncp morp {'become universal.; ,;Half;a! century ago -it. was r .tha fashion toistarve 'disease ;ithen followed' a. C'petfiod'.wlierein1 goner»ns andlcycihighvKving ' ?wM'enjbincdi'.'and now fke' Htajrvktion 'ays'teni ('is ^aiii,conungfintp;fasliion;; ,,jTuBre;ia,pome ' .truth an flll thin, but not much!-, Doctors differ Bofficibntly-noTT-tv-flayH to ensure us agaiiiBt the /. Md'-riiIfi'*'of'ilTii!FhriTTif.v. :tfrhhTritinGf. Tnrvv'-'nriTiin ;'agaili'i^'uBeIorBuiiduiUg'infIainmation/b^ . {lietciH no-fcar of.eucli; an indiscriminate re ; , sort - to, at an was ! oucc, -tlio (practice. . .Cupping i.,and'tlie useofieoches have -never been, quite! givon1'«p,i and -veterinarians 'still rely very' pu6h bn'.blo'od-le'tting.' 'That there will.nevor i again 1)6 uniformity in the system, adopted, .by ;,,jnedical.men ,may, be, inferred fronvthe long H.BtandingicontrdverByasjto, fflie.usoi pf alcoholic ' 'Btimulaiits.' 'The'spirit of contradidtion is'hbw ''muoh'BtTOnger'than it'^asat'tho bqgiiining' of V'ttVceniiiryy''^ '.'',., -'^.i/.',.'i '{', 'j'.'j;' '?.,',','.'.',; ' , ? ; ; ;,. flSe latest .news :.abput fie vPanama Inter-' , 'oceanic Canal is that the agreement between1 '? M.de I^essops and Captain ; Bonaparte 'Wyse ' allows' 'the'f briner? two' years' whoroiii to m'ako ?' jj'huijfinnhcjal arrangements. ..tltis thWoyident ? ...fthat /the ?hvtei:CongreB8,at..i'aris, , which iwas .: ostensibly called to ;diacus3 the' moritsof rival i MBohbrnos;' wag a aliam, if not 'strmething1 ! worsp. ' ?'?The^ury; was p'acTced in order that a' foregone' ''.conclaflion', might , be ,, confirmed. , \ .That, '..this . ,-jtos1 the truo (character of ? the Movement was ' ?suapecte'd at the. time, and' was .known to tlio - ? 'members;of ! the Congress themselves. 'A few* ' disinterested engineers allowed, themselves,, put y!'9f/r^yot*to.HJde\\!^!iop^Uwdli,,to-.bB'lca-1; ,; trapped, thus sacrificing soienccito politenoss,' ?--. Jrat the! Americans present,1 as soon, as -they1* discovered the'trick refused; to- have anything' ?.!:to''do''with 'it and ;. withhold* their. ,v'ptesl . , If ' ; docs not follow., however, tuat.thb route choicn': .,..js,'npt one of this. bc3t,;- the real cause of, regret ? .being that iitwasnot allowed to stand oh ? jits' ? -'own merits. : ? AVheh !a Wan -finds out'that ?an' . ' attempt is bbmg'iriade1 to throw dust' in, ins ' ^eyqs'he isaptto shut them, resolutely against ;i. the object placed before, them, evenilthouglr it' ? ile agood one. It wa3 as a finanoibr, and;not' \- .'ns.ane'ngineer.ithatthe aid of M. de' liefaeps' ?vr^s 'sought by the promoters.' It remains to' ^ be- seen, whether, the Americans .will , allow ' :'. them to iShelvp -the question till it suits .their' jixoriveniencoto re- open it. -. ?:??? !-.-?--.-'. .???-J i--» ^ Tho. spontaneous combustion of a Quantity' ' of ,silk forming part of the cargo on board ' tho' ' steamship Slbsel 13 reported, Jl jchqmical :'in ;. vestigalionshowedihatmore than threo- fourth8 ??1 ofithe fabric consisted of fatty, oils, coloring1 ? ? matter, and oxide of iron, these snbstances liaying apparently been- used to give .weigllt and -body to, the silk. A very large per centage of mysterious conflagrations may be . set down aa taking their origin in oil rags, and this silk appears to have been little bettor. Neither silk »or wool is very combustible per sc,hut in grease they both offer to the air . . .svlarge Burfaco of oxygen-absorbing material. ?? ? ??? Dr. Richardson hns had bequeathed to him by a fellow- teetotaller a cellar of rare and ex .' pensive wines, with a request that he should . devote tho bequest to scientific purposes. Ho .is.thus placed in a position of great difficulty. 'His principles will not even admit of -his 1 selling the wine aa medicines, and uules3 it be ' turned into money the purpose o£ tUe testator ?mil be defeated. His simplest course wonld be to decline the gift, and leave the lawyers to say what should be done with it, but in tho in terest of science he would like to have the hand ling of the money. Whatever lie docs lie must ? niake up liis mind to ba 'chaffed.' Some Wags advise him to turn the wine into vinegar ahU sell it in that Btate, but the procoeda would not cover the expenses. Meanwhile the doctor waits for inspiration aj to what he should do. ,' The climate of Eastern Asia presents some .peculiarities which will reward investigation. Br. 11. Fritsche, Director of the Imperial Rus sian '?Observatory at Pukin, has ' published a book on tho subject, which determines many points of interest. The cold winds from the great mass of land to the uorlh-wcat aro in ,' ?winter ' carried into low latitudes, so that Cau ' ton,^'y!'hich is within the tropics, ia eometimes iriait'ed-by Bnow-stornis. llie territory of the Ambor]is 18 dcg. 'colder than the eastern coast ', of North America in the samo latitude. In 1, (Bummer Hie prevailing winds are from the t qoutlTancUouth-east, but their heat Is counter l^tcd along the coast by cold ocean currents ? f'?!11. the north, while inland the heat 13 very. .great. AVhen this climate is contrasted with that of western Europe, the difference b(.'come3 more striking, the temperaturca in Januaiy showing a difference of fully 50 degreesiu favor . of Europe. It has boon calcutated by Doro , .that the mean temperature of the North Pole ' is 100 degrees below that of tho equator/and ^s.thedifferenco between the eictreniea of Asia and Europe in equal to nearly the half of thin, it has been inferred that the iafluenco of tho distribution of land and water ia 'about a half of that occasioned by latitude. Tho consider ation ia one that should be kepd in mind when discussing the~ chanijos' of climate : revealed ' by geology. ' ::. ' ? '? ;'' ? ' _ ! ? 1 . Soineyearsago Prpfc3sbrTaJt prop'oundodthe theory that the thermal conductivity of metahiife invoracly proportionate 'to.' their absolute tem perature, jbnt : more .esitendod observation has led' him to discard 'tho theory as altogether un supported by \ fact. . . He Iia3 even' found that many lnbtals'lprcsoiit.tho.OEposite phenpmona. of what should' be exi-eotcd if' .the.theory wero true, .their. 'conductivity actually ,t increasing with their1 temperaturo. 'Professor Tait ban obtained 'for.iluinself the reputation of being excessively : ppinionativc, ' aiid therofore his frankness in admitting; his error should 'be.ro'-. corded to his credit. ??; ? -'-'?]? I A paragraph^ wont .the idund of the papers to1 the effect jthat SBdjson's trjbphone had been ? successfully [used over a .line 2000 inile3 in length; , A1 '. hunting 'party in Nebraska,! it; was said, were thus Enabled to converse with ' perfect distihctrieiis with'th'cii- friends in Peiin- : sylvania via Cliicago and the Western #nion Telegraph Company's line.' A week ,tiftorwards another paragraph was started to say that tlio message was carried along the company's line in the usual way, and that it was sent by tele phone only the'laat.fcwmilca.- I'do not know whicli is the ' correct account, but the difficulty of discriminating between them is suggestive' of caution. * ,'.! ? : '?' :. , , ?- , ' ',.;', ?,!?'.-; . .' ) There have been twenty planetoids added in ; the course of,, the past year .to those already known,' making tho' total number 211. If would be much more Batisfactory to have to .report some discovery .that would lead to the' generalisation of the group than to keep add ing'tp their number. AVe may of cpurse^eit-' ,pect that another scord.will bo added to 'the. catajoguo during the current year without our. being ' much'the wiser. . .'.''. (/ | ' , In calm weather Bailors whistle fora wind,' buttlley(haveanobjeptiontowhistlingina8torm. ? They are likely, h'owoyer, to make ah excoption, ', in favor of whistling buoys. ' This how device for giving.warning , to* mariners o£' their prox imity to a' dangerous rock or shoal is worked1 by the waves themselves, modulating i'fa whist ling in proportion to their less or grcatbrfury. As the buoy rises or falls the air.is drawii in or expelled through a whistle in an automatic way', the noise being audiblo' miles away.i Ono of 'these' buoys. has bseh placed on tlie north-! east .Gdpdwiii, and they are lilcely to . be broi^flitinto .vory general use'. The invention is a Trench oho, tho one setup by., tile' Trmity Hoviso having been supplied from tlio maim-' factory' of JSI..J. Pbrrin, of Havre. ... It isaot anticipated that , the whistling buoy will require .much', if any, ^attention. Like the Inchcape bell, the greater the danger the more vociferous, will its warning be; .'. . ,'-.-''. -. '. 1 Commander Cheyod, the prbmotor of a heir l-roject for attacking tho North Polo'by la system of balloons, lias bqen so far. ' successf ul 'as to obtain from the. Lord Siayor of London the use of ,tlie Mansion House ., for one of his meetings. Whatever the qualifications of jtho commander as, an explorer may b'ej thero can be no doubt of his cleverness as a promoter. Besides securing the.help of the Lord Mayor, lie ha? obtained tho advocacy of Mr. Coxwefl, the'Bciehtincaoronaufc, but this gentleman has sbught'to save his reputation by limiting ids approval to tie uso of captive ballbohs. HoW be'ran reconcile this opinion to his advocacy of a different scheme is hot made clear.. Tho ,moro the undertaking. ia discussed, however, the furthcroff it will be from being realised. It will not bear investigation. The aim of Commander Choyno is to bring ,prc3sure to bear on tho Government to procure for him the use of the Discovery, the best of Captain Noru's Bhip3. He will never succeed in this attempt, and all his ingenuity to raise the requisite funds without such aid will . bo unavailing unless he can find some rich patron, with more money than wit, willing to immortalise lumsolf at a large outlay as a pa tron of Bcience. . . There have been a great many estimates of the antiquity of man, and Professor Mudgo has just contributed one drawn from data col lected in tho United Sfcatea. Ho starts with an assumption of the correctness of the generally accepted opinion that man oxiiitedonthe earth at the close of tho glacial opoch, which must have been not Ies3 than 200,000 years ago. The close of a glacial epoch is certainly a strange time to fix upon for such a biological event as the appearance of man, and if tho reasoning of the professor is accoptcd as valid, there should be no difficulty in conceding tho probability of man's existonco prior to tho set ting in of the glacial . catastrophe, and to ad mit the probability of man's pedigree bcinj traced for a few million years. From tho sur rounding circumelances geological estimates' are usually understatements, it being impos siblo to guess at the length of intervals.' ? Dr. Jessop has seen a ghost, and he does not shrink from avowing tho fact. He tells his story in the columns of the Alhawsum of the 10th of January, wisely remarking that since tlio event will be talked about it is well that it should bo narrated by himself. At tho timo of tho violation he was residing at the man sion of Iiord Orford, near Norwich. Ho was sitting up till past midnight mak ing extracbi from some books in Iho library. Ho had got to the last book of ft small pilu ho had collected, and by ono o'clock had nearly completed his task, when he Saw a largo white liauil within a foot of his elbow. ?Rnising his eyes ho found that the hand be longed to the figure of a largo man bending alightly over tho table. The f;tco of' this figure was turned away, but the doctor eould nee its closuly-cut reddiuh-brown hair, its ear and shaved check, its eyebrow, the corner of its right eye, the ^ide of its foreheadj and its large, high cheek-bone; Tts dress was that of ah ecclesiastic of ;bygonb. days. 'The. vision was distinct, and oven tho largo blue vciiis of ' tho band were ^conspicuous.' The doctor wa'e ? not in the.ieast alarmed, and ho even, felt an impulse to 'make a'^pencil sketch of the appari tion. ?.Tho only feav tliat ho felt was that his .visitant might go.' Ho, tried to Bpeak, but' found' that 'ho dared not! 'He tried the experi- ment of resuming bis work, and actually finished the transcription of the passage he i had in hand without tho slightest treuior. He shut the book, and' the figure vanished. Ho tlioh went t6-bed,'puV''out the candle, aiul , slept soundly.. The 'narrator' admits that for' some weeks previously he had had a great deal to think about' sonic' little anxibfy, aiid consi derable mental ntrain of one kind or another, but' 'denies' tliat lie was weary, irritated or fagged.' The probabilityj notwithstanding, is : tliat ho was merely Buffering from Indigestion and bxhausted'hefvous.energy, and that if he had! told !hia . story to liia physician he would have been advised not to let it go any further. . : r -'??. .-..?. -_, CKDIL'US. j 