BEECHWORTH PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. On Sunday last the Rev. Charles Strong, of Melbourne, preached the anniversary sermons in connection with jtli'e . above . church. -At both the morning and even ing services the church was crowded. MORNING. ' The text of the morning discourse was taken from Acts x. 38 V Jesus of Naza reth who went about doing good." -If the central idea of the Jewish law, says the preacher, is righteousness, the central idea of Christianity is goodness, as being the highest and divinest thing possible for man. The genuine Christian faith is a faith in goodness, as that by the posses sion of which man is anointed a king and a priest, and made " partaker of a divine nature. " To a heart touched by the Spirit of Jesus the surest sign of a Divine pres ence in the world is not the wonderful nature, not the striking unaccountable phenomena which are called miracles, not outward glory and royal magnificence, or priestly pomp and imposing ceremony, and even that moral rectitude and strict obedience to law which is named righteousness ; but rather the secret bias of the human will to what is pure, and true, and loving, that surrender of soul to God and man which is named goodness. It was not because he was the Lord's anointed in the sense of being a king, like David, or a priest, like Aaron, that we love Jesus of Nazareth. It is not because he did wonderful things and gave men a sign from Heaven, nor even because he kept the ten commandments and was righteous, that we have come to look on his life as divine — a link between God and man ; but rather because he was anointed with the holy spirit of goodness and went about doing good.' We look up to heaven and say, the truest words we can find, not God is great, God is mysterious, God is righteous ; but God is good. Goodness links earth to heaven as the golden morning links the vallies and the mountain- tops, and blends the butterfly and the ocean in one element of beauteous light. To be like Christ, to be Christians, is to be good. Creeds, theologies, and churches are to be estimated and valued according as they are the servants of this Christian idea of goodness. The highest thing that you can say of any of them is that they have produced good men. The Christian religion is the highest, the best, the eternal, because it is pre-eminently the religion of goodness. Mr Strong then went on to analyze the notion of Christian goodness, dividing his subject into two parts : What goodness is, and what good ness does. Under the first head he spoke first of what goodness is not. It was not to be confounded with utility, sweetness or pleasure. The good might be also use ful, sweet or pleasant, but not for that reason did we name it the good. Nor did goodness mean goodiness. Goody people were just the caricatures of good people. Gocdiness was a sickly hot-house plant. It was an atmosphere in which a man could not breathe freely. It did much harm to religion ; causing some to scoff, and driving others, especially the young, into the wilderness of irreligion and indifference. It was because Christ was not goody, and could not breathe in the goody atmosphere of his day that he was rejected and des pised and contemptuously called a gluttonous man and a wine-bibber, a friend of publicans and sinners, one who spoke blasphemy against the law in the Temple. What then, the preacher asked, is goodness ? Let us turn to contemplate Christ and that character of which we take him as the type, and we shall find an answer to the question. What was the root foundation of his character ? We answer, it was, in the first place, faith in God and in man, and in the second place, self-surrender to God and man. The life of Jesus seems to have been grounded in this thought. There is an Eternal Father of holiness and love, and man, humanity, in his child. God is man's portion, and man is blessed only in God. You cannot separate the life of Christ from this faith. It was-the atmosphere in which he lived. And this is the foundation of the really Christian character in all ages. You can not produce Christian goodness without this. Morality of a kind yon may pro duce, but without this religious founda tion the truest life, the character of which we take Christ as the ype, is impossible. Religion at present is despised. Prac tically, people are saying we can get on without religion in social, political and national life, and make our country great and her sons virtuous. When the re- action against caricatures of religion, however, has passed away, they will come back to feel that without faith in God as a God love and in man as a spiritual being whose home is God, neither individuals nor nations can live. The character of which we take Christ as the type is grounded also in unselfish devotion, in self-sur render to God and man. It is rooted- in a religion whose demand is not mere obedience, but love. Only a religion whose God is a being with whom man must be come one, and to whom he must give himself up as a friend to a friend, can beget Christian goodness. Only the man who gives himself to man in love, is our ideal good man. One may be moral or righteous, or even religious, in the conventional sense of the words, and yet be selfish or self-contained ; but he cannot be good. Speaking under the second head — what goodness does — Mr Strong said : There is no one stereotyped way in which a Christian man or woman is to do good. The Christian does not recognise the distinction between sacred and secular. All things to him are sacred. All duty is to him religious. This view of life involves a wonderful revolution in many ways of thinking and feeling, and we have not come yet to accept it in all its length and breadth. There is no one form in which goodness flows. Even the life of Jesus does not supply us with such a form any more than the raiment which he wore was a pattern of how Christians should in all ages clothe themselves. The first thing is to be good, to have in us that mind which was in Christ, and when we have got this we must leave the stream of living water to cut out its own channel, to follow its own natural course in the life of each individual, each age and each country. To do good is to do everything to which the spirit of goodness prompts, to let it rule you in the family and in the state, to let, it become your purse-bearer, the regu lator of your little thoughts and every day actions. In this way the poorest humblest man can leave the world infinitely richer . and confer on it a benefit which money cannot buy. He can bless the world as Jesus of Narazeth blessed it, by raising if a little higher and enriching it with a precious influence. The Christian rule, therefore, of doing good is to find out what is the best way in which to keep our brethren up to what is the likeliest way in which to elevate their natures, to remove hindrances to good living ; and having found this out, to do it, whether or not it happens to be the conventional way of doing good. When you are laid in the grave let your children, your servants, your circle of friends, your country, and your church, be able to say as they think of your life, ' He was a good man. He was like Jesus of Nazareth, whom God anointed with the Holy Ghost and with power, who went about doing good." EVENING. Iii the evening the texr. was taken from I Cor. vi, 19, 20 ' Ye are not your own." Mr Strong proceeded, in thy first place, to c-cpi ,i t _ ' i-u in which the text stands to the rest of chapter from which it is taken. He said that Paul was the apostle of religious liberty, but that, like most advocates of liberty, he was mis- understood, and his teaching perverted. Some sacrificed love to liberty. They treated -their weaker brethren with com tempt, and never troubled themselves as to whether the exercise of their freedom might lead others to- trifle with con- science, and shipwreck their faith, while they sheltered themselves behind the authority of Paul, saying "All things are lawful for me ; stand fast, therefore, in the liberty of Christ." Some again sacrificed purity to liberty. The freeman of Christ, they said, was free to do as he liked with his perishable body. He was dead to the law, as Paul says. Why should he not . gratify lust and appetite freely? Had not Paul said, "All things are lawful for men ?" The words of the text contains Paul's answer to those who abused his doctrine of liberty, especially to those who said that gluttony and an impure life of sensual in- dulgence were not inconsistent with the Christian character. Know ye not, writes the apostle, that your body is God's holy temple. Know we not that they are mem bers of the holy Christ ? Shall I then take a member of Christ, and degrade it to the level of those who have sold their sense of honor, dignity and womanly purity for a mess of pottage ? Know ye not that though as free as sons in a father's house, ye are not your own ; for ye were bought by Christ, bought back by God from the bondage of sin, and of the old law, only that you might be the willing slaves of love and righteouness ? The preacher then went on to seek the appli cation of the text to the present day. In the first place, he said, let us try to put clearly and definitely before ourselves the meaning of Christian liberty, and, in the second place, let us point out what in the spirit of onr own times is in opposition to the spirit of Christian liberty. First, what is liberty? Liberty is a relative term. There is no such thing as absolute freedom. The blithely singing birds, the streams, the busy bee, the prat tling child sporting in the sunshine and filling the air with childish laughter — all these, we say, are free. They are free ; that is, as compared with the clerk plodding at his desk, the laborer in the fields or work shops, the careworn and anxious, bowed down beneath the burdens of life. But the bees, the children, the streams, the fleet winds, are all governed by laws. They have a nature. They must be bees, and children, and streams, and winds, and nothing else. Nature is free because nature is so obedient to her own laws. Could man always be like nature — did the actual and the ideal always corres pond — man would be perfectly free. He would not, however, be absolutely free to do anything. His freedom might more properly be described as free obedience to the laws of his own being. This, then, is the sort of freedom which Christianity aims at. And how does it propose to reach this ? By following one's own plea sure ? By raising the cant cry of liberty ? No. By losing ourselves in something better than our own little individual selves, by surrendering to our own better nature, and by becoming willing slaves to truth and love. Lose your life, Chris tianity says, and you shall find it. Die to self, and you shall be free as Christ with the freedom of God's sons and daughters. Take Christ's yoke upon you and be free. The better and braver men are, the more are they slaves. A good man is just the willing slave of goodness which has become part and parcel with himself — a new and wider self. Hence Paul said that it was Christ, not self, who lived in him : and that he had put on Christ. Christian liberty is thus relative, not absolute. Compared with the slaves of the little individual self, with the slaves of lust and passion, with the slaves of a guilty conscience, with the slaves of tradition and the letter, the Christian is joyously free, but only because he is the slave of a wider, truer self — the slave of love and truth. In one word, he is free to be a man, and casts off external yokes of bondage, as the opening flower breaks the bud, and the forming fruit causes the blossom to fall off. Mr Strong then spoke of the spirit of our times, and endeavored to point out that that spirit lias much in it which, when not contrary to, is yet not of Christ. First, there is the social and policical spirit of our times in which there is much that is not of Christ. The liberty which we so often boast of is not always this Christian liberty. It is rather the freedom to do each man as he pleases which we demand. Between Christ or Paul arid the self-assertive youth, the independent elector, the con- ceited upstart family wishing to be as good as their neighbors,, and a great deal better, or the blatant demagogue inflaming the mob by talk about manhood and rights and liberties and British glory — what a gulf ! How much higher and nobler the thought, out of which comes, the genuinely Christian demand for liberty, rights and progress, than that out of which this impudence and self-assertion, proceed. The spirit of modern social and political life too often cares nothing about human dignity and greatness, or about the dignity and greatness of the nation, but believes only in me and mine. Its union and brotherhood is that of indi vidual units held together, not by an inner law of being by individual interests. Our social and political life is too much of a con glomerate mass, and is not an organic unity. Much the same thing, in the second place, might be said of the commercial spirit of the times. We owe much to commerce ; let no one affect to talk slightingly of it. But its spirit is essentially individualistic. It is me and mine that it seeks, except in so far as you and yours can benefit me. This spirit is not confined to the merchant's office. It has crept into the very heart of the people's life. It is to be felt and smelt everywhere. When this spirit gets the mastery, as it threatens to do even in our churches, it eats out our higher life like a canker, nobility, sense of human dignity, faith in unselfishness, sacrifice not for the sake of gain ; but for love's sake, all these come to be regarded as the dream of mild enthusiasm, the mock sentiment of life, and the only matters of importance one dry discussions on free-trade and protec tion, commercial treaties, political squab bles, and all the other questions which con cern the main question of me and mine. This, surely, is not the spirit of Christ, whose motto is, "Ye are not your own." Again, the intellectual spirit of the day is sometimes opposed to the spirit of Chris tian liberty. The great aim often is not to find truth ; the animating principle is not the honest and unselfish love of what is true; but, self-conceited opinionativeness insisting on the right to have its own way is at the root of much so-called intellectual life. How much is there among us of intellectual self-conceit and snobbery separating men from each other, and making them intolerant of each other's opinions. This is not the free spirit of Christ. Lastly, we would ask, is the spirit of the church the spirit of Christ? The spirit of Christ is undoubtedly among us ; but look at the selfishness and indi vidualism which reign in the so-called church! We have lost the idea of the church. We have turned if into an insurance society. It is to us an aggregate of units, each seeking its own safety. It is to us a society of people bound together by traditional forms and beliefs. Or it is a society united by magical sacraments and apostolic succession. How few regard the church as the society of men who are united in one living spirit of faith in truth, in righteousness, in love, and who feel that they are not their own, but the slaves of that which they love! The motto, of the true church is, " Ye are not your own ;" and this is its message to rich and poor in every age. There is something greater and better than your- selves. Yield yourselves to that, and find in that your joy and liberty. The preacher concluded by exhorting his hearers to take the text as their motto. You are rich, learn to say heartily these riches are not mine. You are poor, learn to say "I am not my own, " and you shall become exceeding rich. You are learned and intellectual ; learn to feel that your gifts are given you, to be used for the good of man. You are young and lusty, and the passions of youth threaten to hurry you along, and to gratify self at the expense of others ; learn to say " I am not my own ; I am God's; I am my fellow- man's. When sacrifice is painful, when ease, luxury, or avarice would tempt us to shun the Cross, when a low commercial spirit would urge us to laugh at the Cross, let the voice of love and righteousness, which is the voice of Christ, of God, of true humanity, whisper, "Ye are not your own." On Monday evening Mr Strong lectured on " Schleiermacher." — The Rev. J. G Mackie occupied the chair and introduced the lecturer. Friedric Ernest Schleiermacher was born in Breslau (the capital of Silesia in Prussia), on the 21st November, 1768. His father was a pastor of the reformed church, his grandfather also having been a well-known preacher. His mother, too, was a daughter of the clergy, and was ap parently a pious aud exemplary woman. Iii his short autobiography Friedric des cribes himself as being in his early boy hood clever and quick at learning, sensitive, irritable, and at times violent. He early learned to love the ancient classics, and showed much ability in pick ing up the rudiments of the dead lan guages; but he told tliem how deficient lie felt himself to be in liis knowledge of natural philosophy, and how, boy though he was, this feeling caused him much un easiness and filled him with no little shame. The child was father to the man, and even in those boyish days Friedric's sceptical character (in the good sense of that phrase) already began to show itself. He told them that even in his 11th year religious subjects caused him no little concern and some sleepless nights. Ancient history too, produced a strange effect on his mind. He conceived the idea, he said, that all ths ancient authors and with them the whole of ancient history were supposititious. Most touching were the letters which young Schleiermacher wrote during that period. First ihoy found hi cu entering with all the warmth and earnestness of his nature, already re vealing themselves into Moravian thoughts aud feelings. In 1876 he wrote to his father from Barby, " Thanks to moderate exercise and to a welcome diet, which is also wholesome to my purse, I am now, praise be to vxod, healthy and cheerful. With one tiling only I am not content. I wish very much to studv theology, and that thoroughly ; but I shall not %e able to boast of having done anything of the kind when I leave this, for in my opinion we are kept within too narrow limits in point of reading. Exceufc what we see in the scientific periodicals,, we learn nothing about the objections-, arguments and disenssiens raised in the- present day in regard to the 'dogmatics.' " In the following year he wrote to his father that his religious feelings had-' changed, and that he must finally break- with the Moravian community, with which- apparently he had hitherto lived in sym pathy and peace. " Alas, !' he says, " best of fathers, the deep and acute suffering which I endure while writing this letter- prevents me from giving you in detail- tb® history of my soul as regards my opinions, or all my strong reasons for entertaining them ; but, I- implore you, do not look upau them as merely transient views without deep root. Comfort your self, dear father; for I know you w ere long, .in the same state that lam." As a man . they could not help loving Schleiermacher. ; .lie had his faults, no doubt, but they were .the faults of a fine nature; . He might be .somewhat too feminine, but in one of his letters he writes ; - " If ever I find myself, sportively indulging in an impossible wish, it is that I were a woman." To the in- ifiuence of noble-minded ladies he was .indebted for much that he became. But though feminine, he was -not effeminate; ;on the contrary, he was a brave heroic man, keenly sensitive to pain, both of body and .-mind, of winch he had bis share. Yet, with a strength of will and a buoyancy of spirit which triumphed over pain, he- "was almost a woman in. Ids tenderness, and in las lcnging for sympathy, and. yet he had a strongly marked individuality and independence of . character. He was a man of tlio deepest piety ; religious feel ing was theground-work of his thought and- ,'To the last he was at heart a Moravian ; yet at the same time he was a bold thinker and a clear logician. He was a philosopher, ancl could exhibit nhiloso- phic calmness amid the danger and troubles of his time.. But he was no stoic ; lie was too self-anxious ; but, then they must remember the age in which he lived. The following notice of Schleierniach cay b' an intimate friend and colleague, would help | them to form an idea of. his character:: "He was small of stature! and slightly do- i termed, but so slightly, as hardly to be dis figured by.it ; his movements were quick, and animated, his features highly - expres--j sive ; he seemed, indeed, to loek- through, everyone ; his face was long, his features- sharply defined, his lips-firmly and severely closed, his chin prominent, his eyes lively and full oi tire, his look always earnest, collected; and self-possessed. A slight ex pression of irony played. round his. fea tures ; the sincerest sympathv ever ani mated his heart, and an almost childlike goodness shone through him. As, a patriot and politician Schleiermaoher did good service to his country. Ana theologian Schleiermacher occupied a high. posisSra ; of course opinions have widely differed re garding his thelcgical tenets. Some.-have attributed to him- the gernn of their higher life, ami have regarded him as. their spiritual tatlier. From hiin may be said to . have sprung modern, theology. He cer-iainJy gave a new impulse tc- theolo gical study, life has been called atheist ana pantheist, ; but .bad names cannot rob him of the honor which belongs- to liim as the first who stirred the sluggish waters' of the ecclesiastical and religions; world;, and infused men s life into a church, wliero hold, rationalism (not reason) . and .indif ference seemed to have reigned supremo. He had been accused of lacking courage as a theologian ; but. the charge was not justi fied. They were not sure that he -was a perfectly consistent theologian ; but the inconsistency was perhaps, the- tenderness of liis nature. The pious impressions of his boyhood were never, affected. On the other hand, he; was once a somewhat mys tical philosopher; at the same time, he was a clear logical critic. As; a preacher Sch leiermacher was not exactly what they would call a popular, preacher ; he was too truthful, too thorough for that. His ser mons were somewhat heavy; but tiiev could never tell the effects of a sermon by reading it. ..He. never wrote his sermons; but preachedfrom his notes -which -he had carefully pondered. ' ' If," says he, in his brief outline of theology," we conceive of an : interest in religion, . and a scientific spirit existing in a state of union in the . highest 'degree,-, -and in the greatest pos- sible equilibrium; and with a view to both -theory, and practipe-jve \haye tliri idea of the prince of "the church." Such "was Schleiermacher as a man, a -patriot and theologian;' Would. ;they had more such men among them ; fervent,, .heroic and good. "Not like too; many in the present time,' whose lowmiudedness and , in difference made life arid, waste and vile. Would they had patriots who would seek their country's . highest welfare. Would they had theologians of. Schleiermacher's stamp, combining deep interest in religion, . deep piety with a thoroughly . philosophical and scientific spirit. Would that they had preachers like him,' whose eloquence and earnestness were grounded on deep thought «anc en lightened conviction. Mr DONALD: FLETCHER, in a few telling and appropriate sentences, proposed a cordial vote of thanks to Mr Strong.-. Mr JOHN. TURNER seconded -the motion, which was carried by acclamation. ' The usual vote of thanks to the Chair man concluded the proceedings. 