KEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, June 8. The steam collier Woniora ran on a sandbeach at Bondi Bay, a few miles south of Port Jackson Heads, last night. She remained ashore till 6 a.m., when she was towed oS UHinjured, having jettisoned a hundred tons of coal. A fire occurred at the stable of Harken's Criterion Hotel, Moruya, yesterday, and two mail horses were destroyed. The fire is s apposed to have been the act of an incendiary. The steamer Orient sailed co-day for London, with a large number of passengers. Her cargo includes 882 bales wool, 8,000 ingots tin, 30,000 ingots copper, 1,571 cakes copper, and 2,801) cases meat. Trickett leaves for England on Thursday overland, so as to catch the Orient at Melbourne. The weather is very bleak and dull. Great excitement has existed all day in the Hunter District as to the result of the ballot of miners on the question of accepting or refusing the new sliding-scale. The returns to hand at present Bhow a rejection of the agreement to be almost certain, the adverse votes of the Wallsend and co-operative miners having swamped the votes in favour of its acceptance. It is stated that the Company will offer no further concession, and that the A.A. Company are determined to work their mine with hands outside the Union, even if they have to hire them as day labourers. Sydney, June 8, 11.10 p.m. The result of the coal miners' ballot in the Hunter District has created surprise, as it was fully expected at Newcastle that the miners would have accepted the scheme. The A. A.. Company, having withdrawn from the ranks of the associated collieries, is apparently making preparations to resume work at once, and to-day. the Superintendent sent for and had an interview with a deputation of the former workmen. He made a proposal to them with the object of their resuming work, and the miners give a definite answer to-morrow. There is but little doubt entertained that the men will accept the proposal made, and in this case work will be returned as usual without delay. The Tumut poliee last night arrested a man who is suspected to be Joseph Byrnes, the bushranger. They have watched him a long time. A blacksmith at Tumu*; named Oollins, who knew Byrnes when a groom in Victoria and brought horses to him frequently to be shod, pointed him out amid a group in the .Royal Hotel billiard-room. He says if it is not Byrnes it must be his ghost. The prisoner is remanded for further identification. Sydney, June 9,12.20 a.m. In the Assembly Mr. Barbour moved the adjournment of the House in order to urge the Government to withdraw from sale the large quantity of Crown lands advertised to be disposed of by auction to-day at a pound an acre. After the discussion had terminated the Government declined to accede to the request. Mr. Cameron moved the followed resolution:—" That the Government should bring in a Bill to stop Chinese immigration"—but withdrew it on the statement made by the Premier that he was in communication with the Governments of the other colonies with the view of joint action to restrict Chinese immigration. The Council sat last sight, but the business was not important. Mr. Arthur Sketchley commenced a series of entertainments at the School of Arts last night. The attendance was fair. 