YOUNG IRELAND : A FRAGMENT OF IRISH HISTORY.* By SIR CHAELES GAYAN DUFFT, K.C.M.G. CHAPTER IV. (CONTINUED.) Nearly a generation had elapsed since the Plantation of Ulster, when the troubles be tween Charles and his Parliament approached a crisis. The Scots rose against the King and invaded England in the interest of the Oppo sition, and Charles summoned to his aid the army which Wentworth maintained in Ireland; an army recruited in part from Irish CatholicB. In the House of Commons this project evoked a storm of resistance. It was permiseable to call a Scottish army into Eng land, and it was a natural right, which no one would be mad enough to dispute, to send an English army into Ireland, but if an Irish army were brought into England, on any pretence whatever, that was an outrage suffi cient to release Bubjects from their allegiance. The Irish, who did not quite see the force of this distinction, began to bestir themselves. They heard of threats in the Commons that Popery must be extirpated ; Pym, the leader of the Puritans in the House of Commons, boasted, it waB said, that Parliament would not leave a Papist in Ireland; they noted the successful rebellion of the Scots, they saw their old enemies in conflict, and the time seemed propitious to regain their ancient lands, and to save such as remained from obsequious judges and panic-striken juries. Roger Moore, a man greatly gifted both to project and to persuade, and whom contemporaries of all parties pronounce of unblemished honour, brought leading men . together, kindled them with his own convic tions, and in fine there was now a genuine 1 conspiracy on foot to seize the seat of \- government, and summon the Irish race : to arms. The servant of one of the con spirators betrayed his master, several of the leaders were seized, and the Govern . ment in Dublin put effectually on their gnard. But the North was beyond their con trol. There the clans who were pillaged by JameB, or their immediate descendants, rose on an autumn night forty thousand strong, led by Sir Phelim O'Neill and other chiefs of their own blood, drove out the English and Scotch settlers, and repossessed themselves of their ancient tribal lands. This is the transaction known to English writers as the " Great Popish Rebellion," and the " Popish Massacre." By whatever contumelious nick name it may be branded, what happened in Ireland is what would have happened in any branch of the human family. When a favour . able opportunity offered they " spoiled the spoiler." So the Saxons dealt with their Nor man conquerors, as far as their power and opportunity permitted, and the Dutch with their Spanish conquerors, and the Sicilians . with their French conquerors. Though there were dreadful excesses committed by both parties in the end, it is certain beyond all controversy that the first aim of the Irish was to regain their own without any sacrifice of life. On the night of the rising, and during the six days that followed, only one man was . killed ;a fact which stamps with complete certainty their original purpose. When blood ' is shed it ib like kindling the prairie ; no one can any longer pretend to limit the devasta tion. But there were Bome signal instances of moderation; certain priests, it is recorded, concealed fugitives under their altars ;t and j a bishop of the Protestant Establishment, who had distinguished himself by humane conduct in his day of power, was permitted ,in ] the very focns of the insurrection, to fill his house with English settlers. and shelter them from all molestation. The contemporary accounts of the transaction are quite as un ' trustworthy as tbe -narratives of Titus Oates and his confederates. The settlers depended < absolutely on tbe support of England for maintaining their position. Many of them , had suffered grievously, and the remainder , were in danger of losing the fruit of till their \- toil and enterprise. What sort of stories they sent to Westminster zander Bach circum stances, to inflame the zeal of their partisans, may be conceived. All Puritan England was ready to believe,' and eager to hear, new marvels of Irish iniquity. Pious tears and rage were' excited by -a description of the] ghosts of murdered Protestants - appearing in broad daylight, day after day, on the bridge of Portadown, wringing their" hands and j utteringpiercing shrieks fofr an avenger. One peculiarly Btabborn ghost held his ground for more than a month. 'A bishop was among the witnesses of these itaprebsive facte; which exhibited, as one can conceive, heaven itself ;among, the allies of the plantators. The theory finally adopted, by English and Anglo-1 . Irish writers generally, with respect to this . transaction, when the clouds of prejudice and misrepresentation were blown away, is per plexing to hutnan reason. To * seize the I hereditary lands of the Irish race, and drive! ? oat the inhabitants from the pastoral valleys ' ' and rich alluvial plains which they and theirs J had enjoyed since the dawn of history was a | . wise stroke of statesmanship, it seems ; but to seize thesame lands oeebpied for a single generation by English settleta, and drive out the inhabitants, -in order to replace the original'population in their own possessions,1 was a crime of - incredible greed and cruelty.] iteidy judged at this day, it must be admitted) .'that, the .transfer of the land back to its original owners wps made with as little prS meditated 'Violence as in any agrarian revolu4 -iioftatiith which'it can be fairly broiight intoj comparison; Bloody reprisals were the custom! oftheage. in the Netherlahfld.in It4ly, audi in Fnec0i the faction of. the Catholics and! the taction of the Reformers killed and! ravaged wtthDBtremoifee; Tfej . chiefahad'been trappfediijte. . nsbstoiiigTod'ja thevfory offices o( the Pacatai . OtfcW^Sjfortaied, gboSffl have been' atnng a'afr wwttfefr a hutnour will be for; ever a oand to men who have studied! :human "Jfanwr.mA human nature. The! coat*#4 rtMufiwfllr1, exaggerated were no part of tit? ofipnM resign. The rising/. ,-mhmitne guidance of Roger!] O'Mo&e;, wv 'ftjdkd into a revolution,! bad its Parliament dt Kilkenny, to which bt orjMpub^hlng " Four)? Ireland" fau by the"pfo^ttetoa ol" Xhe Austral , h'tBsiofy of IrttaM." Lehmd was a 'Pn4f«^iB(!3MiAljrO(Ulb«w Dablin, <ui4 h Chaplain 'to tbe time afGooiS® HI. The i>iinWi iBBii limlnrl with BMiillir forbefcranca. The 'rata in*!* .* *-"»r th»t no Baftrintoi food*, orlwadi. Charles sent ambassadors, and its armies in the field, to which, in the end, he would gladly have committed his cause, and con ducted its measures with notable clemency and moderation.* In the Irish Parliament, called the Con federation of Kilkenny, the Catholics of both races were fully represented. Owen O'Neil, known in Irish annalB as Owen Koe, a soldier who had acquired skill and experience in the armies of Spain, came to' the aid of his countrymen. Throughout the war he ex hibited sagacity, soldiership, and patriotism, but he was constantly thwarted by the Anglo Irish, who were more solicitous for the security of Charles than for the rights of the nation. It is the glory of Hampden and Falkland to have loved England better than they loved the King; and Ovren Roe certainly loved Ireland better than he loved the King. The Pope sent a nuncio to aid the Irish with his advice, and with the nuncio came some help in money and arras. It is not necessary to follow through its varying for tunes a war which the Confederate Catholics maintained for six stormy years, f They were fighting for freedom of conscience, as the Scots at the same time were fighting for it; as the Dutch, somewhat earlier, had fought for it. They did not succeed in es caping from bondage, but the wrath of their keepers at the attempt deserves the sympathy of maukiud in the same measure as the rage of a slave-driver whose tranquillity has been disturbed by unexpected resistance to the lash. When Charles was deposed and executed, Cromwell carried his victorious army across the Channel to conquer Ireland for the Com monwealth. His campaign was as coldly merciless as was Alva's in the Netherlands, or Carew's in Desmond. We are assured on high authority that he waa in truth a humane and beneficent ruler, who only struck hard because it was necessary to execute divine juBtice on the authors of the Ulster rising. In pursuance of this meritorious policy he besieged Drogheda, which was held for the King,and put to the sword the entire garrison, and the population of all ages and both sexes, nobody being spared. The massacre con tinued for two days. It is admitted that be tween three and four thousand persons were butchered in cold blood; and a score or two of the inhabitants who alone escaped were Bent as slaves to the tobacco plantations. Among the garrison was an English regiment, commanded by an English cavalier, and as Drogheda always lay within the English Pale, where the native Irish were long for bidden to inhabit a walled town, the traders and citizens were almost without exception Catholics of English blood. What Cromwell actually did was to kill certain Englishmen and Anglo-Irishmen in order to punish the offence of O'Neills and O'Reillys, Maguires and MacMahons. The account of the trans action which he Bent to England was that it was a righteous judgment executed " on the barbarous wretches who had imbued their bands in BO much innocent blood." He re peated this lesson of divine justice at Wex ford. There the garrison and the population were Irish, but Irish of the South; there is no reason to believe that it contained one soldier or citizen who had ever crossed the Boyne, or been any more associated with Sir Phelim O'Neill than with Praise God Bare bones. The modern justification for these massacres is Bomewhat defective in its foundation of facts, t Cromwell was now undisputed master, and a period followed which we are exhorted to recognise aB the Bole era when an authentic God-given ruler made divine justice prevail in the land. Of his divine government of Ireland the naked facta are these: Two years after the war waa at an end, and when the fighting men of Ireland to the number of 40,000 had been encouraged to take Berrice with Spain, he drove out by beat at drum the entire Catholic population of three pro vinces, excepting only hinds useful to hold the plough or herd the flocks of the con queror. Aged men and women, feeble and sickly persons, many who were protected by general treaties, others who were protected by special terms of submission, some who had received personal guarantees for personal services, were driven across the Shannon, to find a shelter if they could among the bogs of Connaught, and their lands divided among his Boldiery. Peers and knights who had fought for the King, to whom they had sworn allegiance, were held by the. representative of divine justice to have incurred this penalty. If they re turned they became liable to be hanged with out triaL Of the children of the poorer people, seized in a rape like Herod s, he caused .1,000 boys to be sold as slaves in the WeBt Indies, and 1,000 innocent Irish girls to be sent to Jamaica, to a fate which would scarcely be adequately avenged if the au thentic ruler spent an eternity in the region to which Cavalier toasts consigned him. The admitted aim of the Lord Protector was to extirpate the Irish race, and his policy is still known, among them as the " Curse of Crom welL" Ii this be indeed i&e; art of divine government, it was afterwards practised more successfully in the JysiUades and ' noyades of, the French JacoDins, and in the Bulgarian atrocities painted by a modern statesman; and it reaches its perfection in the' management .of a prize by pirates, when the crew are made to walk the plank, and the booty distributed among the victors. Crom well's conduct is still defended on the same fajratical pretences employed to justify the ex pulsion of the Huguenots from France, the Moors from Spain, the Jews from England, and the Christians from Japan, ana the grounds are good for all these transactions, of for none of them.§ Before Cromwell's policy was carried to ?"Unleak <m the hypothesis that there is & separate scheme dt dinne and human justloe, and a separate lvw of nature, applicable to Ireland, it is difficult to . account for the contradictor judgment which a man oriUnaiily si> wise and bo just as Mr. Carlyle applies to nearly identical clrcnrnjUaofie in Ireland and France. In'Ireland the agricultural population/driven ,«Ud hy pillage and oppreaelcm, 'roae and repossessed .themselves of lands recently taken from them, and In '.ttoj»rooess committed and endured cruel excesses; Jtf .Trance the agricultural population, also lop# 'oppressed tad pillafted, rose and burned the chateaux of the noblesse, who had possessed them for cen turies, killed the owners whenever they ootild find (hem, and when their partisans were in prisoh froee in conjunction .with a city mob and murdered them in | cola blood. Of the Irish transaction Mr. Oarlyle has written a vehement and iinmeasuredoondenyiaUon. Of the French massacre he says "Hoigbjejin lands that had known equal justice. Now.uijn$ural in lands that had never known it «Lb nrajmB riptde est. il done si puri* asks Barnave, intittittUBi that' the gallows though by Irregular methodshas lttwrn." Carlyle'e"French Revolution," ; ? . .. fBefore the close of the.imr Owen Boesuddenly died; poisoned, as it was sonuwwt rashly pqnetaded.. Tbe'age of poisoning was {muhmL i J -8eeOrortweire " Declaration for the Undeceiving at Deluded People," in * hole at the'end it the .chapter./ ! , ' , . S The diffionltyof h&rmonking; the opinion of the two nations, respectingrepresentative men, Is not less; striking in this era than in any that preoeded it. The inspired eyes which saw "the heaveni opened conld discern nothing but evil f n Irish Catholics fighting1 for liberty of conscience, or-inJjmb'Presbyterians when they were troableeotne^tp OramwelL ' The author of " BobUMonOrusoe;"jbom to'delight the youth of all na^tgng^fhajtes it bitter*reprM0hrto :01iTer that he abandoned the1 sohawp.fre-h^apfler consideration to «xyel ^l^l^iro^i&lnlaoiL; complete success the Restoration _ brought back the Stuarts.* Charles II. having com pensated or reinstated a host of royalists ejected from their estates in England, turned hie attention to Ireland. The enemies of his house were in possession of the lands con fiscated under Cromwell, and the friends or his house, the original proprietors, who were the laBt to lay down arms for his father, some of whom had Bhared his own exile, were in penury and destitution. It was a cas® n®®'fl ing prompt handling, and Charles handled it with unusual promptitude. To pacify the Irish Puritans he confirmed the settlement of property under the Commonwealth. I hat is to say, Cromwell had given to his soldiers the estates of the Catholic gentlemen who had fought for the house of Stuart, and the restored house of Stuart graciously con firmed the arrangement. Charles would pro bably have preferred doing justice, if justice could be done without much personal incon venience. But he loved his harlots anu jesters too well to run risks; and to do justice in this matter was made difficult by a sentiment always powerful in England; a sentiment which has created a perpetual barrier between the two nations, and which, while it exists, will never suffer them to unite. His English Parliament, crowded with Cavaliers and returned exiles, would not have helped him to displace Englishmen, though they were Cromwellians, to make place for Irishmen, though they were Royalists. His impulse to do justice waB at best not very strong; a slice of confiscated land remained at the disposal of the Crown, with which he might have made a provision for a few more of the worst cases of injustice ; but his heart was touched with fraternal affection, and he gave the bulk of it-a hundred and seventy thousand acres and upwards- not to Irish sufferers, but to his brother James, * Although the Cavalier Parliament did not give back their estates to its Irish allies, it is needless to say that it did not quite overlook them. It compelled the King to withdraw a rash in dulgence by which they were permitted to practise their religion. It passed a Test Act, by which no person could hold any office, civil or military, without subscribing a de claration againBt transubstantiation; and as bullocks from Meath and Kildare brought down the price of fat stock in the English market, it declared the importation of cattle from Ireland to be a public nuisance. This was the reign of the "Merrie Monarch," a time of national enjoyment and revelry in England, interrupted only by an EnglishPopishplotandmassacre, moredelibe rate and bloody than the plot and massacre in Ulster, over which history is so clamorous. The plot waa the famous invention of Titus Oatea; the massacre, the trial, conviction, and murder of his victims for 18 months ; whose execution went on merrily long after judges and juries had ceased to believe a syllable of the evidence. If the Catholic king, who soon followed, had been strong and merciless as Cromwell, if he had slaughtered the judges, juries, and spectators of this massacre, and their contemporaries in discriminately for the offence of being alive at the period, if he had Bent men in thousands to be slaves in the West Indies, and women to a worse fate, he would be qualified to-day, doubtless, to be recognised as a benevolent agent of Divine justice. When James II. embroiled himself with his English subjects by attempting to make changes by Royal prerogative, which could only be legitimately made by act of Parlia ment, he sought support in Ireland. The Irish never loved James, but his present offenceB were not such as could reasonably be expected to move their indignation. He was a Catholic, and he sought to extend religious liberty to Catholics and Dissenters. If his methodwas harsh and arbitrary, the boundaries j of Royal prerogative were ill- defined, and nations have never been slow .to condone offences committed in their own interest. A little later the strictest Scottish Whiga for gave William for suspending laws by his Royal authority in Scotland; though sus pending laws by Royal authority was the offence for which his predecessor had been driven from the throne. James selected as Lord Lieutenant in Ireland, Richard Talbot, the head of an Anglo-Norman house which still remained Catholic, created him Duke of Tyrconnell, and gave him his confidence in a degree anusual to his frigid nature. Talbot is credited with a plentiful catalogue of vices by English writers. It is probable that he was boastful and profligate, and perhaps unveracious, but he was certainly bold, resolute, and devoted to his master, and to the nation he was sent to rule.. We mast judge hitn by his age and his contemporaries. He was far from being so unscrupulous a partisan as Shaftesbury, the sjpokesman pf resistance in England, and he was a generous and chivalrous gentleman compared to the hero of Blenheim and Majplaquet. When a conspiracy to bring in the Prince of Orange began to be talked of, Talbot disarmed, a large nnmber of Protestant gentlemen whom he Suspected <>f sympathy with William, and armed and regimented the native population whom be knew to be' friendly to jam6s. What else, indeed, was an agent of Jaipes to do? The Protestant gentry were for the most p&rt; heirs of CromweUian Sutlers, and h&ted; James as a Papist, ^nd feared him as a Icing who might 'call ifc qnefrjaontbeir title tb their estates. They themselves had tak^n jnnch stricter precautions; Whep.they were ip 'power, a Catholic w&s; notpermitted to possess the Bimpleat wdapoq of defence; half b^ozen Catholics meeting ig Dablinor its neighbourhood constituted' an Illegal as sembly, and In country districts Catholics wertinot allowed to leave their parish except to attend thfe neighbouring market. In periods of alarm the precaution has been tak^n by every Government in Ireland before and since; but so singular are the canons of criticism applicable to Irish affairs, that a noble faistoriati who was a Cabinet Minister ..under Queen Victoria, when arms were taken from Munster Catholics and distributed among UlBter Orangemen, treats this pre catitibn of Tyrconnell's as a grave and ex ceptional offence. ITie principal employments, civil and mili ; tary, in Ireland, were necessarily bestowed on patfre Catholics. " She highest offices of state, in the aropy, and in the .courts of justice :(gf6ansLord Macaulay) were with scarcely an exception fillea bj Papists.''! It was an in tolerable grievance certainly, in a Catholic ' country, under a Catholicising who had only .a handful -of Protestant partisans in the island, that Catholics Were40 employed. To .be sure, in England; when James's opponents got the npper hand, the highest offices of $t&te;, in the army.apd to the courts, without 1 a 'single exception, were filled by Protestants, Jbttt that waa " bim dtferenL" While the Princppf Orange,in correspondence with'some 'of James's privy councillorsjind generals, was ^liecting on ithe coast gf Holland an army 1 * There were newly 8,000.000 acres to dispose of without Interfering with OromwelUan oocupatlob. .Two millions and » quarter were given to lrilh in poweaslon, Irish pf English descent,, Irish declared Innocent, or saved under provisions in the Act of Settlement: to English courtiers or soldiers there "were given four nfllliohs and and a half. James got a mat slice ot th« remainder.-8ee Mr. Frendermst's lnvalnahle "OromwelUan Settlement." t Macaulay'a England,. Vol 1L, p. 70. of Dutch. French, and German troops to in vade his kingdom, the King summoned to his aid a portion of his army in Ireland, recruited like the army of his father in a large part from Irish Catholics. An army similarly recruited has since won memorable victories for England in Spain, Belgium, and France, in Africa, Asia, and Australasia, but the pro posal was received with a roar of indignation, and a deluge of libels. At the same time two Irish judges, one of them recognised even by unfriendly critics as the foremoBt man of his race, Tver© sent to London to make certain representations respecting the condition of Ireland. These officials would have been re ceived with distinction at Versailles or the Escuriel; in London the mob surrounded their carriage with burlesque ceremonies, among which potatoes stuck on white wands were conspicuous. The favourite jester of the present day, who ordinarily pictures an Irishman as a baboon or a gorilla, is scarcely more delightfully humorous; and the per versity of a people who do not love such charming pleasantries has naturally been the perplexity of English writers down to our own age.* _ James fled to France and left his enemies in possession of England and Scotland. In Ireland Tyrconnell held the country for the King, and sent him advice to head a French expedition to Dublin, where he would be loyally welcomed and reinstated in a king dom. Louis XIV. gave him officers, arms, ammunition and a little money, but no soldiers; and with this poor provision he landed at Kinsale in the spring of 1GS9. The IriBh received him in triumph ; installed him in Dublin Castle, the traditional seat of authority, and the best men of the race tendered him their service. A Parliament was summoned. It necessarily consisted almost exclusively of Catholics. The Pro testants elected amounted to about half a j dozen. The Protestant peers who answered the King's summons reached about the same number, including three Protestant bishops ; but small as the number was, it was certainly in excess of the proportion of Protestants in the country who supported James. The Government was chiefly Catholic also, though James had several English Protest ants in his Cabinet, but they were necessarily the minority. + The Irish Parliament of James has beeu a standing target for slander down to our own day. Suddenly called together among a people who had slight experience of parlia mentary forms, and who had grievous wrongs to redress, they conducted themselves with singular moderation and good sense. Ihey created an army and a navy; they established religious equality among all Christian creeds; they made vigorous efforts to foster native manufactures, and were the first to declare the fundamental doctrine which the English and the Irish Parliaments reaffirmed a century later, that the Kin", Lords, and Commons of Ireland were atoue entitled to legislate for that country. This Catholic Parliament did not pass any law in flicting penalties on Protestants for their opi nioiis. Their fathers had been mercilessly persecuted by the Puritans; they themselves and their children were soon to be mercilessly persecuted under a daughter of the King for whom they were in arms. Their fellow Catholics in England and Scotland at the moment were under proscription and perse cutioDj but they set an example of modera toon and forbearance nearly unique in history. The tithes paid by Protestants were ordered t° be paid to the Protestant clergy, the tithes paid by Catholics to the Catholic clergy-an arrangement which bears a favourable com parison for substantial justice with a settle ment of the same question made in our own w. They did not deprire Protestanfcsofarms, or the franchise; they did not exclude them 'jpin Parliament 01 the learned professions ; they did ijpfc forbid them to Acquire or inherit 1 property, or to educate their children in their own faith, nor tempt them by bribes to con form to the religion of the majority. These were wrongs which they did not inflict, but which in the end they were destined to endur& It is true they restored to thelineal heirs the estates which Cromwell a genera tion before had taken from them. But they accompanied the measure with compensa Hon to innocent persons. In restoring the OJtateB they followed the example of the English Parliament. Under Charles II. a few years before the estates of bishops and chapters, sold by the Long Parliament at fair market prices, were resumed without any compensation to the purchasers, and the bishops and chapters reinstated in thein. When William ,w*u3 established in authority the stime course w&8 taken with the estates of Irish CatholieiB and Jacobites. It is, in deed, the coarse which any Government or Legislature in Europe at the period would bpe inevitably pursued. But in James and nis Irish Parliament it was a proceeding fot which historical critics can find no reasonable excuse. i The. Protestants naturally sided with Wil liam. It furnisheB a significant commentary on roe fatuity of human schemes that the towns and fortified places in Ulster, which Jtan&'s grandfather had established to rnainv gBn his authority, were now strongholds of .William. The gatea which James I. raised at * While James ^meditating a Bight to France, some good .friend of thererolntion indulged in a plav, fuldeviee of a mora'practical sort, a crowd of fugitivM, whoso arlMv^pespoke them ploughmen and Ubo^jasbejlfiito ftmdon at midnight, shrieking the dreadful- news; the Irish army was in full march on the city, 'banting? bouses and slaughtcrim: women and children In their course. Lettew containing horrible versions rtttUii Popish atrocity were delivered in dlatent and wMetoiundered district* of the country at the wine tlme.,The citteens rose and armed id self-defence, »d enemy appeared they passed the^eagwtaMyJh sinking and burning the housed of gatbolio gentiemen and .tradesmen. The eheml nerer appeared, the story turned out to beapiouS fraud; a Mjtina of theWhlgs afterwards chimed the merit <Jf bavin? schooled the shrieking fugitives witt his own lips, and written the letters with his probei hand. As the Irish army committed no oBenoe London was naturally indignant with them for bavins given her so much trouble for nothiqg, to disgusted at the number 01 0 Neillsand O'Donovang, MacMahons and M*cnainar*i who thronged the benohes; a phenomenon as amizius as to see Eussellaand Stanleys, Smiths and Browne! in the Parliament of. Westmlnate? Other moden writers bavemadethe scantyrepresentation of the . minority asubject, rf repwsch. How the Irish Oatholici oould have been so bigoted as to prefer entrusting theii interests to men of their own nee and faith is (uatiAoi to writers of a nation who, two centuries later, out <> 660 representatives of England, Scotland, and Waloi do not Meat a single Catholic gentleman. The nttuliai and exceptional law to which Irish transactions an supposed to. be subject is a marvel. James took hit Government from the rank of his supporters for the most part. It was now," gays Lord Uaeanisv. in a fine buret ofindignation, "impossible to establish in Ueland a Just and beneficent government a irovem* nent which should know no^dtstindaonHf r2£m *Ws. it seems, was the sort of government which it was incumbent on James to set npta'fnland to the seventeenth fentury. lo England * different SKf8!? ° ifSlSf* w£^.do,^t,la,', for the noble T°.w?r for hiyhtreason; that Melons James haid reached Calais the PqpUb priests were fn exile or,in orison, the baolt of^SjWoe#, and that, finally. Iriih'eoliilert It??. rem*fn'l9 Englandjin short, JDr?Kl ^8 /cardinal MgUnd tomS. the Administration In Derry, Coleraine, and Enniskillen were shul in the face of James II. The transaction most honourable to the Protestant minority in all their annals ia the fortitude with which' they held Londonderry for more than thret months againBt the arms of James. Neitheii the moat painful destitution nor the mosB favourable terms could shake their coal atancy. 