EPISODES IN THE LIFE MRS. DALKIN. BY N. WALTER SWAK. CHAPTEB VI. A WITHERSTONE VISITOR. " You see," remarked CarsoD, in a group of bushes not 50 yards away from where the de tective had passed, " the country is flat, and a man can get a good view from this place. Your friend Moses followed our tracks down the road, and he concludes we have made our way back from Barrytown. There is a little station five miles beyond that town. Our plan will be to make a circuit, and catch the train there, keeping in that belt of bush that runs from the open yonder. Moses will take the other direction, and waste half the morn ing in telegraphing." The pecularity of Witherstone was that since it was called into being by the exigencies of the overland telegraph line it had known no sensation. Excitement was as foreign to the lonely gap that axes and saws had made in the forest as can well be conceived. There were a few scattered houses on the fringe of the wildemeBS that stretched away so solemnly from islands of trees and bush, but nothing was thought of at Witherstone in the shape of a street. New houses with staring windows and iron roofs seemed to have I settled down after a hurried flight from civilisation. Their occupants lived on in a kind of passive protest, wondering at the same ness of the days and speculating oft the I world's doings. The majestic silence of nature lived around them as the years stole on, faintly rustled, maybe, by the gathering of the little harvest and the vivid green Bquares painted by the plough and by the sower. It was strange to see the evi dences of life lying backgrounded by the forest and the stately growth of the timber sea just frayed by man that he might win his needs, but it was stranger still to mark how the days of every week trooped monotonously by in the same unchanging lines on which the history of every resident of Witherstone was written. It might safely be affirmed that the only change that came to Wither stone was that which skies and seasons car ried. The Bame men got drunk at regular intervals. At the. same hour every day the same bar was visited by the same people, who drank the same drinks and said the same things. There were two pianos within the scattered town, that gave out the same tunes from day to day on the same brooding silence. Witherstone looked to have been borne along by the dense sea of vegetation tbat rolled in undulations to the horizon, and left stranded on the edge of the level plain. But it was tied by wires to the farthest lands, and the world's history passed through its heart. One day, when the people had descried a cloud ofMust rising like a pennant at the end of a crooked thread that lay across the plain, they assembled, as was their wont, to listlessly look at the coming coach, ana smoke at it and round it, in grave contem plation of the stranger that had penetrated to them- from the outside world. The stranger, covered with dust, rocked and rattled in muffled joltings up the uneven track, and jn amongst the few houses that had yawned out their occupiers to be present.; on the momentous occasion. Hpraes, driver, and coach were of a neutral brown, coloured ? by the impalpable dust that seemed to dwell around them like apt atmosphere. , Men leaning against the hotel and studying the arrival through tobacco smoke, aad/women at doors and windows wbosq tpUcrte had bfcea postponed, could remember that fpt the last six times the monthly visitor had hprin \- When it pulled up it swayed oq.1 its apKnip and looked to be panting, like Imbm, with the length and difficulty of the stage just finished. There appeared to be no movement inside, and one of the amokera spat. 10ft. in the clear, looked at the feat with critical com placency, and said " No passengers, Bob, this time neither." Bob, more cautions, did not commit him self, and was rewarded. He felt the pleasure of being able triumphantly to say, "There ye're mistook. Look! Darned if it aint a wimmin, and she's getting out 1" The last speaker expressed the exact feel ings of the community with the precision of genius or of inspiration. The absorbing fas cination of the moment caused many to take their hands from their pockets, while the women put their bare arms below their aprons and hid the greater portion of their figureB behind the partially open doots. Un doubtedly this was the excitement of the year. There was food for pleasant evenings in the shape and trimming of the bonnet. The wives stored away its features as a memory of inconceivable value, because of the amusement it would bring. The colour of the dress and its style, all these were in themselves anjepisode. When, on their part, the men saw the features and the dpep eyes below the bonnet, and when the lady smiled thanks at Jim the OBtler for taking down her luggage, the position which his official duties enabled him to hold was at once an envy. 11 Taking down her trunk; then she would remain." The BamenesB of Witherstone was ruffled at last. Ned, the driver, was taken to odd corners of the bar and invited to drink so often that the landlord's Bcore that fore noon gave evidence of reviving trade, but Ned was unable to quench the general curiosity. " The lady had got aboard in the usual way three stages back. She was waiting alone in the moonlight in front of the stables when he drove up. She had breakfast at the last stage but one, and Bat beside him half the way on the box-seat. She didn't say much, but when she talked-Lord! it was a caution; it was sort of music-like an' no mistake. She had asked him about Witherstone, and reckoned she would stay a spelL" Bachelors with any degree of pretension pulled themselves together, and mentally turned over their wardrobes. Older men made the visit an excuse for an extra glass, knowing that their wives would be too ex cited to notice it in their eagerness to hear details of the arrival. The gentleman who discharged the com bined responsibilities of butcher and baker, the owner of the ironmongery, grocery, and drapery store, the official in charge of the post and telegraph department, the surveyor, and the blacksmith were married men, and their wives were regarded as forming the upper crust of Witherstone society. The lady who had arrived by coach was properly, can vassed, and decided to be eligible. Accord ingly, she was invited to little musical parties, held for the moat part in the baker's parlour or the front room of the good tele graph-master's domicile. They nad tea parties and walks, till Witherstone appeared to be entering upon a career of fashionable dissipation. Husbands and bachelors joined in the festivities, and the new-comer became the rage. She waB always to be found read ing in the telegraph-office, because it was cooler and roomier, and Mr. and Mrs. Jones, worthy people, were proud of the pre ference shown by one who carried a nameless air of refinement with her, who played the latest music, and who ? was so industriously sought after by several susceptible young personB. Not a few of these boasted of the ownership of good clear ings, and fair possessions in sheep and cattle, which depastured anywhere, untrammelled by bush fences or the rights of Crown tenants. The traditional area of Mr. Gif ford's run was about the square of what s horse could travel in a day. Part of the country was considered too heavily timbered for sheep, and for this reason the Witherston ites were allowed much latitude. For wise reasons of his own Gifford purchased a fair quantity of goods at the village, and seeing that his shearers kept the Witherstone Hotel in a lively state during a portion of the year, the people of the settlement and the flockmaster were on excellent terms. From the messmate hut, which was one of the out stations, could be seen the blue streamers of smoke rise softly every day from the chimneys of Witherstone. From. Wither stone could be seen the dim spots of slowly moving life out on the plains, and sometimes a dim figure moving in the solitude like an aimless ghoBt. This was the relationship that for the most part the messmate hut had to the village, except, indeed, when the figure moved out of its orbit, and sought companion ship. At Buch times the residents saw a gapped old man, with heavy eyebrows and bent frame, fumbling into the township, much as he was fumbling out of life, until one day he was found overtaken by age and alcohol, peacefully stretched on the dry sand of the river bed, surrounded by discordant crows. His mate, the hutkeeper, who had exhibited symptoms of despondency on the question of baptismal regeneration, became yet more erratic and pronounced in hia doubts, and was removed to safe custody and straight jackets. The places of these two, however, were easily supplied, and the couple of men sent to fill the vacant .positions were in marked contrast to their predecessors. Both aeemed active, keen, and silent to those who visited them or whom they visited. They procured "comforts" from the township scarcely in keeping with Bhepherds' fare, and also many articles which bespoke an in ventive turn of mind on the part on both. When they first arrived, two months before the visit of the lady, they invested money in several Borts of tools, with the object, as they explained, of making their quarters com fortable. The men were quiet «nd paid for what they bought, and the. township ni satisfied. . . ' Mrs. JoneB oftent with her keen motherly instinct, felt hereeli troubled concerning the visitor who was ansh a delight to berthrough oui j . level days; for herthey were now ruffled by change, tjie sameness of her life had become _ irksome, and its monotony dreary, till thiB companionship-was given to by some merciful accident The visitor had left her friends and the world for a time to get health and repose, It was true she was unaccompanied, but. her slender purse, she said, rendered this necessary, and, bappuy, Bhe had determined to remain at Witherstone for a; time* Mrs. Jones waa disturbed when Bhe found tfaatiit was the mind oftfae visitor that Medff&Jrost;, as she eaweuddfin Bh*dowaofoain$r»eoood "">ughts pasa across her feqe; she idfethere ma some darkness mher;Ufes when wtfeheil her tetfinfe and WWthat har with the past or thefulure, jriapaeemedtot* put from her. aAd thiA the .haffnony and music of. life were past- , It wasajpgnlar, too> that letters posted foe-has the Withetafcane ^ost-offioe and delhwwdintohwhfcads when h*t to atom. tojE these attentions from Bome of her Wither etone admirers, and one day said " To be handsome, my dear child, carries its own share of trouble; here is another ad mirer," offering a letter, " who, I have no doubt, is laying his heart and paddocks at your feet. Correspondence of this kind is a penalty you must pay. I am certain " Witherstone people knew how it tries you, as I do, you would receive no more of these attentions." The sudden flush that rose to the lady's brow, the startled look, the quick inquiry in her eyes, and the fear in them, made Mrs. JoneB silent with wonder. But she came towards her with a caressing gesture. " You have a secret trouble, my child. What is the something that clouds your face and rests upon you like a shadow ? I am older than you are, and shouldl ike to return you some comfort for the happiness you have infused into my uneventful life." The visitor looked down at the honest eyes and face, and at the expression of sacred, womanly sympathy before her, offering help and consolation, and her lips and eyes be came tremulous. " I am," Mrs. Jones continued with a emile that beautified her plain face, "old enough to be your mother. I am childless ; my three children are gathered in rest, and I am alone. Can I not advise you ? Could I not bear a little of your burden ?" The voice and look of Bad entreaty touched the stranger, so that she swayed aa before a blow, and when Mrs. Jones put her arm round her and looked at her with grave con cern, she put her hands before her face, and bowed sobbing on her shoulder. " I ask you for no secrets ; those you have are, I know, such as any honourable girl may keep, or I greatly mistake your face and bearing. It will be a happiness for me to asBist you without questioning, and without curiosity. You Bee I trust you unreservedly." The stranger took her hands away from her hot face and wet eyes, and she spoke in a self-communing voice, as though she was travelling back among such times as are vouchsafed to all in some beneficent shape or other, where there is repose and peace, and where the prospect is undarkened by fear or doubt. " I never had a mother to advise or guide me. I grew up in my home, and from it, with the circumstances that then surrounded me. They promised so fairly, and life from thence looked to be so bright, that 1 entered the world strong in confidence and-and in love. I fear for it now that it is shipwrecked, and that the dream of long ago is dissolving in darkness. If the Becret which is growing so .weary to carry were my own, I would gladly tell you the reason of the trial you have guesBed at; but it is not, and I cannot. My days, even in peaceful Witherstone, are Btrained with the fear of some calamity happening. Oh, Mrs. Jone9," she put her hands on the lady's brown hair, gently stroking it, "I thought once there could not be a brighter world than this, and now it is clouding up as with storm. I remember when that scene," pointing to the trailing shadows on the tree tops, "would have made my heart glad, but it is only weariful and mock ing to me now-mocking what might have been. The love of it is gloomed over and shot ont by a darkness that is like the night; and what would that matter if there were the prospect of an after dawn?" Mrs. JoneB looked sorely troubled. " I can understand from you that you have suffered, or are dreading, a misfortune." "Both." " That you have not come to this place on account of your health, as represented ; that you have some other end, Bome definite object, to effect by being here-perhaps only to be attained through staying at Wither atone?" " Do not push me further, Mrs. Jones," entreated the lady, sinking upon a chair, on the back of which she bent her head in ehame or in Borrow. " I do not wiBh to push you, my child. If we have been harmlessly deceived, what can it matter? I, for one, accept you as you are, but I cannot help thinking, Mary, that your plane, whatever they may be, will not assist you out of the darkness." " My name is not Mary. I have been known by my maidenname, Jane Ritchie;" and, rising sorrowfully and aimlessly, with her hands clasped, " I think I could forego my hopes of leaving these forebodings behind me, to be able to tell you all, but I cannot, I cannot Why have we come together if not to show me the value of what I have lost, and the fairness of the life that is behind me-be hind me, because the one love that entered into my history, and grew with me from my childhood, has claimed my faith, and kept it. For a weary year, it has given but darknesB or led me through a constant gloom." The deep tones of the lady's voice were full of such earnestness, that Mrs. Jones looked np in silent wonder, and looked down in tears. " Like one tied to a task to be dreaded, with the dread of its non-performance greater than any other consideration, not knowing when it may begin, or where it may end." " What can bind yon, Mary-I still call you Mary-to this wretchedness ? There are but the two paths running through every life, and the right path means happiness and peace. It may Beem in darkness now, bnt it will reach the light. What can bind you that cannot be cast aside?" " My early youth, my faith and hope now grown so weak ana dim, my honour, my promise, and another life and another "will that claims me. Do not answer me yet; I know what you would say. You would eay that no will and none other has a right to ask me to do that which is wrong, or undertake a task from whence I can see no prospect of peace. What would you not have done for one of your lost children ? What you leave undone to save your husband. Suppose he had grown up with you from the time of your girlhood, and that every thought and hope that visited you from that time had been twined about him. Suppose that in the memory of every happy ?day, and of every joy that broke upon you, his lace came with it. Imagine all down through the past years the face that was . -onoe so handsome and so happy pleading for yout aid, and the eyea before which you thrilled, and in which you saw devotion, now changed and full of beseeching, what would you do?" She drew her hand rapidly .fliOH her eyes, and showed how pale her face *was and how firm, as she looked out ?liearily upon the repose that was over the afcUlforestand upon the sunny plains. ;? "But yon '' am married, and to such a one as I have described. I know nothing of the year's Urtoiy tbttt has come between us. What 4H I know-what should I desire to know Mtttuk lw'«ants help? And if Icanhelp tilm why should I want Put yourself in mrplaoe; Istyourthoughts travel backwards tts-deieeet'tiBies'tif #6er life, and to those 3kTi*ad»^faem faces and wisrg fraud in 4heli^M« lore-and say wfeatjon Mrs. Jones made answer by silence, and Bhe, too, looked out upon the day. " If you only knew the doubts that come, and the fear for the future-not for myself I am getting used to suffering, but for him who was once so brave and strong, whose presence seems to me to have been woven into my life." The good little woman had clasped her hands together in troubled and solemn thought, and she answered the visitor as the visitor had answered her a short time before. " I cannot. I cannot." The two women sat silent. Mrs. Jones turned slowly, with womanly sympathy on her face, and looked at the one she thought so bright and winning. There was the evidence of a feeling of sorrow and fear among the lines the years had scored, but there was steady trust in her bright eyes. She was spare of figure, and her hands were red with sun and exposure; their shapeli ness, if they ever were shapely, had long since been given away in honest womanly labour for those that were gone and for the stout-hearted man that was near- the visitor tall, with gleaming hair, rhythm in her figure, and a beauty of face ana movement that was rare to see. Thus the woman entering upon the autumn, with the mellow shine of the declining time around her. and her heart un spotted from the world; thus the woman in the spring, with its tears upon her, and its clouds draping out the light. Such voices as the day held were soft in whisper, and they came in bearing the mystery that reaches the soul and passeth knowledge; they came from where the straggling street lay in sleep, and crept broken among the trees, looking too crippled for progress and too still for life, to where a moving figure but made the quiet greater for the vast melodious psalm that was rendered by the day. The silence that was outside was in the room now, only fretted by constant tickings of the instrument that launched upon its current so many argosies of sorrow and of joy. Mrs. Jones, still look ing at the visitor, saw that her eyes became intent and her head bent forward, as in listening. Such action has always the effect of making others listen, too; but to the tele graph master's wife there was not a murmur to be heard anywhere or the fall of a foot step. Some far- away abrupt sounds, softened by distance, were to be discerned. There were the Blow blows of an axe travelling in from somewhere out of the forest; there was; he passing call of a rapid bird, but these were scarcely foreign to he calm. Still the lady Btood in a strained attitude of listening, and her face seemed to grow paler and more fixed. From this position she did not change for nearly halt an hour, and Mrs. Jones, frightened and watchful, neither moved nor spoke. She watched till the strain seemed to relax, and till her companion sat down, staring wildly before her, as though a ghost had come. " What is the matter, Mary? Something has happened, some terrible thought has come to you. What is it? How wild you look !" But the lady thus addressed did not eeem to hear or see. She swayed over on a chair, and sat down, as if trying to realise some thing. She placed both her hands upon her face to shut out the light and put away everything but her thoughts. When she un covered her face again her eyes were dry, and there seemed to nave come the shadow of age. She passed Mrs. Jones like one in Bleep, straight and noble-looking, and she passed out into the sun divested of hat or cape, walking slowly, with bearing unchanged, till she entered her little habitation. Mrs. Jones was afraid to follow, but waited in dread for what the unhappy girl might see fit to confide to her, maybe on that night, maybe on the morrow. 