CHILDREN'S COLUMN. AUSTRALIAN ELVES. MOONLAND. Some of oar friends and relatives on the other side of the globe will be astonished to learn that the way te fhe moon has been discovered by an unfortunate member of the literati of Australia. The greatest thinkers of the day have scouted the idea ss nothing but moonshine, when spoken to about the practicability of the discovery. But it must be borne in mind that the same laws of Nature which guide and rule the mother country are somewhat erratic here at the antipodes, inasmuch as we are all upside down— standing on our heads in fact. Therefore we are prepared for marvels. In a land where there are animals who stand on their tails, and fight with all four feet at once, where the young leap out of and into their parent's stomach at will—there being a strange bag in that quarter for the purpose of humouring the antics 'of the juveniles, just like a hole in the bow of a timber ship; where there are creatures that appear neither flesh nor fowl—who swim in ponds like a duck, have a duck's bill, who lay eggs, yet have feet and hair like a beast; in a land where the leaves on the trees grow edgeways to the sun, and the trees them selves shoot downwards, surely it is no great wonder that we have found a passage to the great luminary of night, and had the pleasure of shaking hands and likewise supping with the disobedient man who gathered sticks on Sunday. The scientific world will never feel half the surprise anent our new discovery as that which fell upon the old shepherd, when he found himself surrounded and made prisoner. He had left hiB sheep in charge of the only companion he had in these regions—viz., his dog. Within a sheltered nook on one of the fairest and most luxuriant slopes of the mysterious Blue Mountains, Toby, the half bred dingo, held watch and ward over his charge while his master wandered down the rugged side of the cliff in search of gold. Here the sun was . almost. hid behind the broad awniBg of gigantic trees, whose immense trunks, gnarled [and hoary with age, stood like mammoth sentinels to guard the dim glen below. The lonely herdsman had often descended to that spot before unmolested, but now from every mound and hollow there peered the grotesque faces of the Mountain Sprites, watching his every movement, until, with a sudden rush, they pounced npon him and held him fast. For a time he struggled manfully to free himself. It was quite nBeless. The genii of the Blue Monntains are a powerful people, not to be trifled with, as the shepherd soon discovered. He was lifted bodily up, and borne along so swiftly that he nearly loat his senses. The route of his captors lay in a downward direction. Never upward. And it appeared as if the dusky ravines which they traversed led right away from the upper world into the region of eternal night " Dear friends, Good people, where on earth are yon taking me ?" cried the poor fellow in an affrighted tone. "Bis bus, silence, Mortal," replied an ancient Gnome authoritatively. " Tour des tination is not the earth, but the moon." "Good lord," ejaculated the poor shepherd with starting eveballs. " Bub, peace," rejoined the fay iu a whisper. " The voice of man hath never disturbed these solitudes since the creation.'' " Gentlemen, let me go, pray ?" " Art thon not goiDg, thou .dissatisfied mortal ? Be still!" " It is all np with me," groaned the un fortunate captive. " Nay, verily, it will be all down with thee," answered the sprite. "Behold." As the fairy spoke they emerged into a dismal spot, in the midst of which gaped a wide black pit. At the month of the chasm the shepherd beheld the forms of two beings in shape like the fabled vampires, who clapped their tremendous wingB in ecstacy at sight of him. " Who is this ?" they cried, and the fairies answered " A visitor for moonland." " No, no, I ain't agoing to the moon" replied the trembling shepherd. The horrid vampires laughed iu exultation at bis misery, and the sound shook the walls ot tbe solid cliffs around. " Here me, Dusk, and thou, Lunar," said tbe Gnome, addressing the winged monsters. " This fellow hath had the impudence to invade oar sacred precincts, and attempted to release some of our dreaded foes, the Gold Nuggets, whom we have made prisoners. What shall we do with the rascal ?" "Send him to the moon," they cried with one voice. « Mercy, gentlemen, mercy." "Fiddlestick. To moonland with him," answered the sprite. "There is lots of room for him to fosBick there. Eh, Lnnar Over tbat terrible void, near where they held him, oar hero observed a strange object floating with a gentle oscillating motion, as a feather floats in space. In appearance it was likea gigantic umbrella inverted, with a hole cat in the centre. To the end of the ribs cords of gossamer were fastened, which stretched up ward to a car in the shape of a star, the points expanded like huge wings. The nature of the material or by what process this curious vehicle had been manufactured, the unfortunate shep herd had neither power nor leisure at that moment to examine, for the ancient fay had no sooner spoken than Dusk and his companion seized hold of him like a pair of vultures, and flew upward with him into the car of the para chute. " Good-bye, Lunar, let me know when you arrive," cried some of the fairies. "Slide a message down- a moonbeam," re sponded others. "Or a rainbow or the tail of a comet." And while the mountain sprites stood and jeered, the quaint machine suddenly shot down the empty space with the velocity of a cannon ball. Who shall describe the sensation of the poor mortal as he felt himself falling—falling down— down, a blind mass—through the darkened air. Those who have fallen,'or have leaped, from even a moderate height, can lhave no conception of the frenzied terror that took possession of him for a moment. Yet, it was only for a moment. Strange to say, he did not lose his presence of mind, and his fear left him as suddenly as it had fallen upon him. From a bewildering chaos of thought in the captive's mind, curiosity became paramount to all else. Amid the murky hlacknesB around and about, there was very little to examine, but the shepherd thrust his head through the gossamer network of the. machine and gazed below. Far, far away in the profound depths beneath them, he saw a vast disc of soft light, which threw Its rays up ward, and enabled him to discern that the abyss through which they were descending appeared like a hollow cone, the neck of which began in the mountain, and, like an eddying oircle in the water, gradually became wider aud wider as they advanced. The progress of the parachute was so swift that they rapidly emerged into the focus of the light—the wide mouth of the cone receding to' a faint dark circle on the pale horizon in the space of a few seconds. It was astounding how wonderous soft and beautiful, the shimmering glow of light in this new region burst upon the mortal's vision. He had witnessed many lovely changes from the lofty peaks of the New South Wales Alps, but Dame Nature had never presented herself to his eyes in such a garb before. Not the glaring, hot; dazzling rays of the summer sun here, but rather a gentle, subdued, dreamy refulgence, without the ghost of a shadow or shade of vari ation upon anything. Above, below, one universal pale liquid glimmer, devoid of vapour. Distant mountains, peaked and gabled like an iceberg, appeared to view, and hills and valleys, with deep rents and chasms, forming an amphitheatre of immense dimensions, became more clear to the vision every moment. Everything seemed mixed up and confounded by the uniformity of colour. Hocks, valleys, and streams presented a weird and wonderful aspect, under new conditions, where, like Hoffman's shadowless man, every object was lighted upon all sides, equally in the absence of a central point. Scorched, and charred, and burnt, there was not a sigD of a tree or shrub on the face of the whole landscape. Scoria and dross and pumice stone. _ Nothing else, save the waters that lay bathed in lumin ous silvery grey. From the vast panorama our hero turned his eyes upon his companions the vampiers, They had cast the netting of the car aside. " Prepare thyself, Mortal," cried Lunar in a terrible voice. " Prepare myself for what f" "For a header into the sea, yonder beneath us," answered the vampire coolly. " Good lord ! gentlemen, you really don't think Ijcan dive from this great height. I shall be dashed to mincemeat," responded the shep herd in a tone of consternation. The monsters only laughed at him, and re peated their command. " Descend a little lower, good Lunar, do, gentle Dusk," he pleaded. " We can't. This is moonland. Not enough gravity here," they replied. " Moonland! Mercy on me, and shall I have to leave my old bones in the moon?" cried the Mortal in despair. " Plenty of 'em here, loads. Valleys full, as you'll find. Come, jump!" " I won't," cried the shepherd in a savage tone, whereupon the monsters caught him in their claws and threw him headlong from the car. The fall was frightful to contemplate, and I'm afraid it will be necessary to allow the poor fellow seven days to recover his equilibrium. 