The Humours of the Day. What is the real yeaning of those stereotyped; notices in our venerable c6ntempbraty the «Gasetts," such a f " To Jemima Snooks and to all " Christian people I" Do thev imply that unbelievers of all sorts, hook nosed, fiat nosed, and almond eyed, need pay no attention ? And, yet, some remarkable for these peculiarities have a surprising acuteness iu money matters, and considerable interests spreading around. That fine, sonorous old British sign board, vested rights, is not confined to our parent. It has travelled. It is even in our midst; and one of the articles it feels greatly interested in— is beer. Menace beer, and don'c its ranks close up—shouider to shoulder. Dear electors,—The days are drawing nigh when people will be remarkably polite. I hope you won't feel hurt should some gentleman, quite unexpectedly, stop you as you wander, and extend his hand. Don't call the police. He's not the ghost. He doesn't mean to assault you. But he can't resist it. He feels suoh an interest in your welfare Quite irresistible j and the feeling has come upon liirn quite suddenly. It's an epidemic. It is said that the benevolent milk* man is already becoming initiated into the secrets of the trade. Gows won't come up to the scratch with 4000 gallons a year J and) however, thankfully people accept their fluid at 6 a.m. and at 4 p.m. out of a neat tin can, regulations pattern, or even delicately done up in bottles, they are not so ready to shell out the rhino. The ghost is getting interesting. Intelligent aad grandiose people who .ignored him have been brought to i terms-. Space is found to record hit: doings. He is quite a recognised institution. No doubt we will soon have a lengthy essay upon the proper method to be adopted by the police for his or her capture. How would it do to furnish the police and public with a lithographied map of Trinity Church and surroundings. Trinity would make a prominent landmark, and th' would be no chance of put/; lD ~ river too many. But tiie "gai keep the steam on. With a candle one is apt to see double. re a must tallow 