BARBARA HOME, Bt STEPHENS HAYWARD. .ACTUOB OF 'HcNTED TO DEATH,' ' LOVE Against the Would.' &??- &c-; ?Well, yes, I suppose we are; and then, I am Hot jet afflicted with elephantiasis, -which is a great comfort. I suppose you must want Tour tea by this time, Ralph. Barbara was late, or I ehould hare rung before. You have not forgotten Barbara?' and she stood away, to allow him to get a glimpse o£ the girl, who stood behind the tray with her eyes east down. The g.illnnt Captain stroked his moustaches, bowed, and said he thought it would be quite impossible for anyone nuu Jina ume uau me jjit-«swu-r nuu {jinin^i; w cecing Miss Home to forget her. Miss Morton laughed drily. ' What irresistible fellows yon all seem to think you are. Ton need not waste your breath, though, in compliments. I am not going to hare that ehild'e head turned by them. Do you hear?' ? My doar aurt, I was only speaking the exact truth.' ' You are not to say anything, good, bad, or in different ,to Barbara, to-night, ijlieisout ofepirits, and I won't hare her teased.' ? I would, not tease her for the world. I hope the has had no bad news ?' ' Worse than that, Ralph.' ' What can it be ?' ? Shall I tell him, l^rbare?1 ? If you please,' said the girl, without looking ttp. ' H»r cousin died to-day.' ?What consul ?' ' I don't think you knew mnch about him, yet 'it is just possible you may have seen him walking with her when you were here before. His name ?wa» John Home, and he lived at Autonbar.' ?Indeed!' In spite of the Captain's great caution, the ex clamation sounded strange! j, and Barbara quaked in her ehoea, le«t Miss Morton should notice it. Strang* as it may seem, the gny captain bad been actually jealous of the rongh farmer's lad, and he was not well pleased to find that Barbara h»d been with him, even to see him die, when she ought properly to have watched and waited for hit coming at the Grange. Luckily — or perhaps I ought to say unluckily — for herandfor himself, he caught Miss Morton's eye, and remedied his mistake ai best he might. ' I think I remember him,' he said, carelessly. ' Jliss Home danced with him May Day evening, last year, 1 think.1 ? Yes.1 said Miss Morfcon. with a nrovokin'T -smile. ' More, by token, she refused you tor a partner at that very time.' 'You know I wa« qseen, ma'am,' observed Barbara, deprecatingly ; 'and I was obliged to dance with my partner.' ? Humph !' thought Miss Morton. ' The poor fellow is not yet quite cold, and here she is mak ing tacit excuses to my nephew for not dancing with him a year ago. What strange beincs women are.' She thought thiE, I say, but she was far too wise to disturb the harmony of the tca-tabie by such a remark. It was nothing to her if Barbara forgot her cousin an hour after she had seen him breathe his last; and so she sipped her tea com placently, and looked at and listened to the young couple, as if she had every reason in the world to be satisfied with the covert flirtation they were carrying on under her very nose. The fact is. Miss Morton was by no means a. perfect character. Living much apart from the world, she had got into that peculiar state of mind which is often in duced by living too much in it. She wae naturally fond of comfort ; she liked all her sar *onndings to be pretty, and even luxurious. She was fond of woll-Borved and delicately chosen meals ; she delighted in music ; she loved books, and was intensely fond of her own home. I seem to be describing a very amiable woman, but Miss 3Iorton was not amiable. So long as people obeyed her, they got on very well. If they were 'unfortunate enough to hav« wills of their own, .and ignorant anongh to fancy they ought to use them in opposition to hers, there was trouble at once. She was active, eager, and enthusiastic, good-tempered in the main, and possessed of a fund of fun and sarcasm that made her a very agreeable companion indeed. But she was no philanthropist— she cared little for her kind. She declared that men were brut-6, and women fools, and that the less one had to do with them the better. She was. charitable to the poor whose particular wants were before her eyes, but she had not one atom oi that loving kindness so peculiar to her sex, which throws its protecting arms around the whole world for the sake of its humanity. If she was acked to sign a subscrip tion for the relief of far-away heathens, or to join in relieving any universal distress, she invariably laughed in the petitioner's face, «nd settling her self more comfortably in her easy chair, declared that th« whole race might perish for aught she cared, provided they did it 'at a. distance. She eaidshe relieved the heggar at her gates, because the sight of him made her uncomfortable ; but that for sufferings out of her ken she had not one morsel of sympathy. People stared at her speeches, and some said sho must be mad ; but I think she knew herself pretty well, and was honest enough to expose her defects to any eye that chose to ease at them. In the present in s'ance she was quite as much at fault. She knew q'lito well that Barbara was falling, or had already fallen, in love with her nephew, and that he was evidently attracted by her. She intended to give them both what she called 'a sound talking to' upon the subject before she was 24- hours older. Bnt for the present they amused her, and she was the'laat person on earth to interfere with her on n amusement. Like many persons who have no tieB to bind them very closely to the great human family, she fell into the habit «f looking at the world as a kind of pleasing panorama, and at the. people who came and went before her eyes, as puppets playing their antics to divert her, rather than as beings of flesh and blood, with immortal bouIb to save or lose. Even Barbara and her nephew, who came nearer to her than anyone else, met with the same fate. She knew, although not by her own experience, that many a heartache might be felt on both sides, after that night's familiar companionship, but thai was no concern of hers. ? If they chose to make fools of them Belves,' she said to herself, ' why ehould I not look on for a. little while F I'll teach them to sing another song to-morrow, though.' As a kind of preparation, no doubt, for that new song, she made Barbara ring the bell, and have the tea-things removed. The Captain hovered between the table and the fire; she watched him from the corner of her eye, as she warmed her feet before the clear blaze. 'Tlia ofTmr worinnr liflS Tint hnon neniY eivi/.a Midsummer,' she observed at last, * for we have had no one here. I dare cay it IB as cold as a barn, though I ordered a firs there aB eoon as you came. Nevertheless, you are company, Kalph, and we should always treat company to the best of all we tiave. If yon will give me your ami, we will go into that room.' ?Bnt, aunt, I think we are very comfortable iere,' and the captain looked round the snug little room with pleased eyes. ' I like this parlour best; the other one feels like a well, and I am lure it is haunted, too.' ? Nonsense '.' ' Ton are afraid of ghosts, you know. Well, chen I was down here in May, I -west into that room by myself on* evening. It was late, and there -was bo moon out. I took so candle with me, because I thought I knew quite well where the book I wa» is search of was lying. Ai I stepped icross the threshold the door closed behind me — aot with a, inn?, u if the wind had blown it (in ieedthsru-wasao -wind), but firmly and gently, u anv hnmao hand might shnt it. I confess I '?elt a little startled.' ? Is it poBBible that a soldier can be startled?' uked Hiss Morton, innocently. 'It was possible then, it eeems. I looked iround, but it was too dark to tee anything. I neard a low, soft sigh, and then something swept past me with a kind of rustle, as if it were a lady 2n-asedin lilk ? * . * Kalph; .don't be ridiculous. Yon are Bearing ihat child ont^-pf her seven senses, and I never iball.be able to git her into the oak parlour after taHtitgjun.' * s-. _ ; - - Bh» pointed to Baibiira, who ttood listening »ith a half-frightened loo**- ' ' ? ?*-ii» you- afraid?' aakeisUiie captain. ?No. Goon; eoon!' \ .iMtUwpirfttion has dewltel me..' ? Why, were you inrentiisg it?' ? I was.' Barbara's face fell. ? Look at that, aunt. It would have been much better if yon had allowed me to finish the romance. SIIee Home is quite disappointed.^ ? Miss Home is a goose !' 