-''.?'' GENERAL EPITOME. Hebe is a description of a M»Hee squatter's nomestead ia'Victoria: The head station at Brim presents a sad spectacle. There is a large and substantially built brick house, but It is unoccupied; and the rabbits, by under mining it, are bringing it down. Before the invasion of the rabbits, there was a line fruit carden, tint it isijbwa wilderness. . Of tia 257 new. members in the House of Commons, three are clergymen, acd lOt belong ''?'}? to the legal profession. ., ? A Philadelphia philosopher has discovered that the homeliest women generally have the prettiest. babies. '. This is a death-blow to baby-shows. Jenny Liad, the once famous prims donna, is a member of tbe chorus of the Bach Society . of London, of which Herr Coldschmidt, 'her . -husband, is the conductor. - The cattle on a thousaml hills contribute to the milkman's wealth. So does the water ' ' from the rills that slip into the cans by : stealth. -..'.-... ?A short Italian prayer which is not withont -' - wisdom : 'I pray thatl may never be married. \- But if I marry, I pray that I may not be de ceived But if I am deceived I pray that I may not know It But if I know it I prav that I may be able to laagh at the whole affair.' i .The Bev. Dean Gibney, who distinguished 'himself at the destruction of the Kelly Rang at Glenrowan, is to be entertained in Sydney ? by the leading Roman Catholics at a banquet .* or picnic on 'an early date. :r Curiously enough, Superintendent Frank Hare who was in charge of the police on the : occasion of the capture of tbe Kollyi, joined the TJctoriao force at -Beechworth, twenty eii years ago. He Is a native of South Afrits, ana in the early days was known7 ' as the Kaffir.' ;? *?' .. .' ; -? George Parrell arers that nothing short of en earthquake and 'a tidal wave crammed in \- ??-. the same act will now satisfy theinordioato craving for sensatiboalism. , Here, is an epitsphic warning from aVer sailes tombstone : — ' Exeeptiin 1859, during several days of which she took lessons on the piano, her life was without stain.' Tildefl'a tore Affair.— In his early manhood Mr. Tildcn was betrothed to the beautiful daughter of one of j New York's oldest and 'wealthiest families, i Being very, young, her parent! sent her to spend two years in Europe .before. the marriage should take place. The \- lover* vowed eternal- fidelity, and the girl sailed in tbe ill-fated steamship ' President,' from which no tidings hare ever been brought ~backv Tilden has faithfully kept tbe pledge of his youth, and annually, on the day toe farewell* were.spoken, repairs to the seashore to renew his vow. ? -,j ?' ' .- When It w«s announced by telegram outside the Argot office that a reporter bad boen ihot by tbe Kelly gang, three cheer* were given, bat whether toe oration vu meant for tbo reporter or the gang We know not John Chinaman can 'savee' sometimes. A rosh.of Cluneie to tbe Custom-house at Cooktown, was made on the 13th AogosJv and \- Roods valued at £2,000 taken out of bond. This was in anticipation of an alteration of the tariff by the financial statement Sarah Bemhardt, tbe famoui French actress, U being ined by tbe manager of tbe Theatre . Fnncaise for breaking .her engagement Damager are assessed at £15.000. Owing to tbs 'scarcity of water is some of the suburb* of Sydney, disease i*- making havoc among the population, and water Is selling a* high as lfa. to 20s. a cask. Australia sent £3000 last yearito the Bible Society; Canada, about the same ; New Zea land £583; »jJdBoutbi Africa, £7B0. .roen^°* ?»«??; best advertiwini in tbo world. -The dolors of flurusm, ihp wealthy Sew York cheese manufacturer, who has re pently taken to raomjt are a* odd as he is eccentnc AoroM tbo shohldor* of tbo Jockey is the. word 'Cheese' in cream colored letter*. : ? !':i - .r . 'Bradlaugb --5*ars bis hair on his face and ': own* a forenead of alxmt'10 ioohes hinli wrUi ? pot the ghost of a IfrjnKIp oj- a. fruwq «i, jt. ? Josh Billings snggests that many a young poet might be able to collect his scattered thoughts if he would look into an editor's waste basket early in the morning. The Queen of Italy is a good-hearted woman and wears No. 6 shoes made on a wide last. . A Lucky Escape. — The Evening Scat of the 21st August writes :— On Thursday afternoon, ajouth named Charles Bevan, living in New castle, narrowly escaped death through the careless handling of firearms on the part of a companion at Singleton. His friend picked up an old revolver, not knowing it to bo loaded, and pointing It at close quarters to his head, was about to pull the trigger as a joke, when he altered his mind and directed tho muzzle to a picture hanging on the wall. The pistol went off, completely smashing tho photograph, and riiWling the wall. It was fonnd to have been loaded wilh bullets, and had been hanging np for some months past Finding 100 Sovereigns., — jRespecting the 100 sovereigns found on the 'beach near St. Kilda, the Argus says : — 'The place where tke sovereigns were found is on the beach, near St Kilda, on the site of the old lower battery. This spot some years ago was the UtcdU of a camp of Chinese fishermen, and it is conjectured that the money, found mnst have been hoarded by them. The owners probably buried their money, and then went to the diggings, atid either died there or when they returned could not find the place where they had secreted tho money. Mr. Henry Clark, of tho Public Work's Department, who is in charge of the men at work, has reported that email hoards were found near the same place about 12 months ago, and also about two months back. The men who found the sovereigns on each occasion disappeared, and it is not known what became of them. The police have now taken charge of the ground, and if sny further sums are found will be responsible for them. The sovereigns bear the dates of 1847 and 1848, and are in a very good state of preservation.' 