GRAHAM BERRY'S DREAM. (SEE PLAY OF RICHARD III., ACT V., SCENE in.) (G. B's Committee Room in Geelong, at a late hour tlie night lefore the Polling. Confidential Agent and G. B. left.) GRAHAM BERRY.— I will not Bleep to night, Give me more ink and paper. Are you sure That all our backers will poll true to-morrow 1 CONFIDENTIAL AGENT.— Woods, Longmore, Smith, and Lalor, and yourself, For weeks and months past, have, from town to town Stumped through the country, cramming well the voters. G. B.— I'm satisfied. Give me a glass of P.B.; I have not that alacrity of spirit, Nor cheer of mind that I was wont to have ; So set it down. Is ink and paper ready ? C. A.— It is, my Chief. G. B.— I'll stay awhile and write. Go and refresh thyself, and then return And help me in these memos to our friends. (Exit C. A. Mr. Berry preparing to write, leans bach in his chair, and being somewhat worn out, falls into a doze.) The Ghost of BLACK WEDNESDAY rises. GHOST.— Let me presB heavy on the poll to-morrow; Think how thourobest me in a pall of black— Madest me a day of tears in many a home, A day in which the " Public Service" changed Into a party-tool! Despair and fall! The ghost of CAPITAL rises. GHOST.— Let me press heavy on the poll to-morrow I When I was big and strong, and gave employ To labour through the land, a senseless tax Made holes in me to fatten other lands, And brought me to this shadow. Despair, and fall 1 The ghost of CAPITAL says, Despair and fall. The ghost of PUBLIC CREDIT rises. GHOST.— Let me press heavy on the poll to-morrow ! I that was foremost out of all the colonies In home and foreign markets, pined away Through childish legislation, black corruption, Till all things fell in value : no man cared To deal with what all called a land of dupes. To-morrow in the polling think of me, And shew thy teeth in vain ! Despair and fall I The ghost of ECONOMY rises. GHOST.— Let me press heavy on the poll to-morrow ! Think of the public deficit, the burdens Of debt increased, laid on this helpless land- Think of the waste of public money wrung From poverty-struck homes 3 Despair and fall! The ghost of INDUSTRY rises. GHOST.— Let me press heavy on the poll to-morrow ! Think of bare lands thrown ope to hard-pushed men With nought to help them on't; think of the wool Sent to a rival's port through border dues ; Think of the shipping interest destroyed; Think of the taxes pressing so on homes In common things that men could hardly live ; Think on't, incompetent! Despair and fall 1 The ghost of PATRIOTISM rises. GHOST.— Let me press heavy on the poll to-morrow ! The first was I that helped thee to thy seat, The last was I that felt thy trickery. The people crowned thee, deeming thou would st be A true friend to my land, with noble aims Scorning corruption, nepotism, and 8elf— Think of the " screws" increased, the billets made To suit thy creatures, yea ! thy pickings, Berry 1 The costly, useless trip to England, while The people here were groaning. Think of plots Of dire, revenge on those who would not back thee. A patriot ? Faugh ! Honour's become a name, And on the Treasury Benches Self's supreme! Think on't, thou man of jobs 1 Despair and fall 1 (The Ghosts vanish. G. B. starts out of his dream.) G. B — Give me another trial—return my men- Mercy i Victoria ! Soft, I did but dream- Conscience ? Ha! ha! I thought thou long had'st left me! The gas burns well—the streets are very quiet— And yet my dream'was queer—Sure, all is right! Why am I trembling ? To myself I'm true : Berry lores Berry ; that is, I am I. Is there a trickster here I No! Yes \ lam: Then fly—What, from myself ? That I can't do. I love myself. Wherefore 1 For any " screws" Or pickings I have won unto myself ? Oh no I in fact I rather scorned myself When the poor dupes called me a demi-god. I am a trickster; yet I lie—I am not. Fool, of thyself speak well—Fool, do not flatter, My memory hath a thousand several tongues, And every tongue brings in a several tale, And every tale condemns me for a trickster. Bribery, bribery, in the highest degree, Plunder, gross plunder, in the direst degree ; And other sins, not comely in a Premier, Will haunt the poll, crying all, Guilty ! guilty ! I shall despair—Not even my creatures trust me ; And if I fall, no soul will pity me ! I fear, I greatly fear the issue of To-morrow's polling on the head of Berry. Enter CONFIDENTIAL AGENT. •My friend! I've had queer dreams to-night—'Tis late— I fear for the result—Come, go with me Through the chief streets ; we'll play the eavesdropper, To see if any man do shrink from me. (Exeunt GRAHAM BERRY and CONFIDENTIAL AGENT.) 