bough upon Hamilton. (atticus in the leader.) ?,mce Plsce to live fa, I should think. A resident there, fa a letter to Hie paper, the other day on the enbiect of dipbttiena, characterised it « befag " the mnddiest and most stinking" of aUtowiw The city of Cologne, which 50000 s££es, «suTl'defi£d Btinks, may approach Hamilton 4-v,- matter of perfomeiy. Mr. Samuel, how- thS,ld"rCept<?8ne' 60 %>P> Of Grange "la equal to the rity Fauna. The reason that Mr. Samuel gives for the peculiarities of Hamilton are at least remarkable. He says that the place smells abominably because it is inhabited by squattere ! I confess that I don't quite se£ the connection. The slaughters t£d thanri. J"5 more to blame than the pastoral tenants of the Crown. I a sorry to hear such bad news of Hie village where I have had some pleasant days. Hamilton fifteen years ago / Sp0t t?0uglu There weregiaSs M8' ?i.en wbo could take their thirty tumblers of hot whisky without wink, mg and engage you at unlimited loo after- rnSyf„r?Phers Mbtwho rd rets the story of the two brothers, who being benighted eight miles from home, ' tossed"! thC 1j?ht a lncifer to decide which should cany the other home? Jack lost, I humped" his kindred (13st. An -SUti'"1 "?th orfy tw spells- An amusing experience recalls itself to me which I wfil relate for theen- tonoient of the world and the special delectation of "old identities." I was stey- rogwith "honest John Yates," the sheriff (not in a compulsory manner, Mr. Blair), and be- faf W?.r hon8e onemom- fag, was sainted by an early visitor. A littieman, not unconnected with the miller's interest, and born of a race wfach Thomas the Bhymer has immortalised. , , Fates is not m, sir, but sit down, he will be back soon. My name is John Wellington naauow me to otter you refreshment." Thus far I, fa the innocence of youth, nnd opening theenpboard (wedidn't miscall things in those days), reached for the well-knotra materials." Alas ! the cupboard was hare. Aotmngtherebutsuch trifles as cheese, pickles, bread and bottled stout. To offer anything bnt whisky at 10 fa the morning would have been to have belied our hospitality. In much grief I burrowed rabbit-wise into the depths, and there, right at the back, snugly planted, was a keg. lgot it out, and the visi tor s eyes twinkled. " Here it is, said L" af fecting ease, "we keep it in bulk." "Don't mention it," said the guest, and so, tapping the eight-gallon caBk, I got out glasses, and left him. About lunch time i eaw Honest John at the hotel, and smilingly related the circumstance. The good man's face turned pale, "Great Csesar's ghost," he cried (or something equally amazing), "and you left him alone wuh it f His buggy was at the door with the two white nags, whose speed was tho sheriffs glory. Another instant, and wo were both being whirled to the bachelor Imme. The groom dashed out, and seized the horses. Breathless we descended, and burst open (he parloiu- door. Too late 1 AJick was fast asleep— a sweet smile lying Iffie a sunbeam on his placid meadowland rf cheek, and the keg was empty. 