ROMAN PICTURES.— No. VTir. THE MARTYRS OE. THjB OOCOSSBtJfflf ~' fBTTHSREV.W.B.FEBTC3raB,M.A..] \ In my last paper I gave some account of the building of the Colosseum, and the^purposes for ?which it was originally designed. ^In-this paper I wish to sketch ito history in connection -with the Christian religion, to.which it owes at once its destruction, 'and the preservation of the ruins as a sacred relic among the. fragments of heathen architecture that are^round it. As we'think of those horrid Roman customs ©f which' I, gave an account in my last paper, we cau well imagine that Christianity and they would never assort together. In twoways is the Colosseum connected with the history of ?Christian suffering and triumph. 1. The Chris ijans refused as far aB practicable to go to those ;gameB, aud their absence irritated andfcnnoyed their unconverted fellovr-citizens j and as those £ames were all connected some way or other with the idol festivals of Rome, this conduct of the Christians had over it a color of atheism and irreligion. 2. Here was a canvaniens method at hand for punishing contumacious Christians. If they were so wicked as to dis obey the laws, if they had to be put to de~.th for their ' obstinate atheism,' why should not their death be made to minister to the pablic amusement ? It was a new sensation to have -Christians murdered by lione, and it became im mensely popular. The appearance of this new sect afforded a grand opportunity for furnishing victims for the amphitheatre. On the most absurd of pretests they were hurried away to make sport f cr the people. Terfcullian in the 3rd century writes— 'If tne Tiber overflowed; if there were famine or plague; if the season were dry, or cold, or scorching ; whatever public ?calamity happened, the universal cry of the populace was, ' The Christians to the lioas!' ' It was during the reign of Trajan that the jirotomartyr of the Colosseum won his crown ; the first of a noble army in whose xanks are numbered, veterans and little children, women and men, boys and girls, and whose graves ate i» be found in the Catacombs. This proto :martyr was -Ignatius, Bishop of Antioek. _He ' -was an'old man, and. was, moreover, the friend ' :and the 'disciple of St. John the Apostle, and a man in all respects of an -apostolic charaster He was brought before Trajan when on one of his expeditions towards the East, and Trajan himself condemned him to be taken in chains to Home and there to be devoured by the lions in the t3olosaeum for the gratification of the people. It was a terrible sentence, but it came to the aged Christian as a message of glad ^tidings, for he cried oat with joy, 'I thank 'Theej O Lord, that Tboa hast. vouchsafed to honor me with perfect love toward Thee, and hast made me to be bound with iron chains like 'Thy Apostle Paul !' His journey to Home was, like Paul's, long and dangerous, but wherever he went he met with many Christian friends, ??' and was enabled to write various letters at the different places where he rested. These letters remain to this day, and testify throughout to tthevictory of his patience, for they breathe a spirit of triumphant joy. The vessel entered -the harbor just as the sports of the arena were ?drawing to a close, and the soldiers were in haste to get him to the city, whereat his friends were grieved, but he himself yielded to their -emergency- There was no active persecution in Home at that time, and the Christians crowded around the martyr, wishing to interpose in his behalf, but he would not hear of it, and suffered himself to be led to the Colosseum. It was the last day of the sports, the theatre was full to overflowing, the good man was brought in and placed alone in the centre of the vast arena. He knelt in prayer while the prepara tions were in process. He looked around him .and exclaimed, 'Romans who are present know that I hive not been brought into this place for any crime, but in order that by these meats I may merit the enjoyment of the glory of Gcd, for love of whom I have been made prisoner.' The doors of the dens were thrown open. The lions were let loose: They came Jjouuding forward, seized the venerable old man, tore him limb from limb, and, being goaded by hunger, not only killed Him but devoured him before the eyes of an applauding and jeering as sembly, only leaving the larger bones' for his friends to gather together during the following night as a melancholy but precious memsrial -of this cruel martyrdom. Legend upon legend tell of this one or that one who in after years followed Ignatius to his glorious reward. Not many years after we are told that the Christians who had been con demned were set up as targets and shot down with arrows. 'Under Hadrian, a.d. 218, a patrician named Placedos, his wife Theophista, and Ms two sons were first exposed to the wild beasts, but when they refused to touch them they were shut up in a brazen ball and roasted by a fire beneath.' In a.b. 253 Abion and Sennen, two rich citizens of the east, were exposed here to two lions and four bears, but on their refusing to attack them were dispatched by the swords of the gladiators; and in one of the catacombs there is a quaint picture of Jesus crowning these martyred strangers -with the martyr's wreath. In a.d.259 a new amusement ifl devised, for before a statue of the Sun near the entrance of the Colosseum a pyre is erected, and Sempronius, Olympus, Theodoras, and Exu peria were publicly burnt on their refusing to offer* sacrifices to the idol. In a.d. 272 St. -Prisca was vainly exposed here to a .lion, then ' starved for three days, then stretched on a rack, and after various torments was finally beheaded. The saniefatebefelSta.Martina,another Roman lady, in 277. Alexander, Potitus, Eleuthsros Mayimns, Vitas, Cresentia. and Modesta were among the number of the slain. Only a few of the names of these martyrs have come down to us, but as we zead the pages of the writers of that age, espe cially Tertullian and Eusebius; as we tread the silent galleries of the Catacombs, where lay theJr bones ; as we note the letters ' ME ' ou many and many a grave, or see the tiny lamp affixed to the cement which closed the mangled remains in the tomb, we get a confused conception of awful successions of scenes of blood, in which heroism was mated with weakness, and'gentle ness gained the victory in .the moment of its defeat. There is a tendency in human nature, -especially in times of excitement, to what may be called 'deathbed theatricals,' and this was frequently manifested in the latest age of persecution, but these instances were but few at the time of which I am especially speaking. 'Toe noble courage of the truej confessors of the faith stands forth in all its grandeur against the -dark background of pagan cruelty on the one hand aud cowardly apostasy on the other. They ?were heroes alike in word and in deed.' Xl The mighty voice of the Holy Spirit,' says Cyprian, * sounded through the lips of the martyrs.' The sublimity of meekness ceased to be extra ordinary in the church. We feel as we read the replies of the humblest Cnristians, so grand in their very simplicity, that human nature is raised above itself ; that it is divinely exalted by the power of faith in the presence of distant peril. Wonderful, moreover, was the power of martyrdom to win converts tor faith. The saying of Tertullian is as true as it is beautiful, -that ' The blood of the martyrs is the seed of the chuicb'. The more they were slain the quicker grew the church, and the more ardent «rew their faith.' ' It is certain,'' says Justin, himself afterwards a martyr, ' that nothing can snake us deny our faith— neither the sword of the slayer, nor the cross of agony, nor the teeth of wild beasts, nor bonds, nor fire, nor tortures of any 1 ind. The mere men multiply onr suffer ings the more does the number of the faithful grow ; t He more are the disciple? found on the side of t hrist.' I remember as I stood in the silent arena of -the Colosseum one eloady moonlight evening and looked round on the grand panorama- of ~desola 'tion, how the fancy came over me thai; the plape yras still peopled by the ghosts of, the departed. All around at first was utter stillness, and I saw a twinkling light passing to and fro along the upper gaUery, now shining, now hidden, which, SS the party whom it guided was invisible in the gloom, seemed most unearthly. I stood on the steps of the cross which then marked- the centre of the arena. The centre of that rnin'is i;he cross, as the cross ia the central fact iu tne story of 'Rome's decline. The scene of Dore's famous picture was before me. My readers will remember 'it, I dare say. It is nightime, the etars are shining peacefully, the great theatre is empty, 'the Itbuies of the slain Christians; lie huddled in heaps; the lions and tigers. have .been let loose in the arena to eat their fill of human flesh. It is au awf til Bigh'tywut floating through the ambient air are diverse atagel forms,, strong godlike, serene, who have taken the eoulfl of the slain to their rest, and are come feck to this scene of triumph. I had in my pookefc Haw thorne's strange' tale called 'Transformation,' and there came to my mind a passage in which he imagines not a. visitation of. an gels, but a gather ing of the' ghostly forms of the assemblages which have in olden times made cruel holiday, on tboee stone benches. ** fancy,' said Kenyon, ' a nightly assemblage of 80,000 melancholy and remorseful ghosts, looking down from those tiers of broken arches, striving to repent of those savage pleasure? which they once enjoyed, but still longing for them over again.' *' You bring a. Gothic horror into this peaceful moonlight scene,' said Hilda ; 'Nay, I have good authority. for peopling this Colosseum with phantoms.' Do you remember that veritable scene in Benvenuto B Mini's autobiography in which a necromancer o£ his acquaintance draws a magic circle— just where the black cross now stands I suppose — and raises myriads of demons ? Benvenuto saw them with his own eves — giants, pigmies, and other creatures of frightful aspect — capering and dancing on yonder walls. Those spectres must have been Romans in their lifetime and fre quenters of this bloody amphitheatre.' Before passing from these seenes of holy tragedy, let me tell you one more story, which, if colored by the narrator with a robe of fiction is nevertheless- absolutely true to the general spirit of. the times. . It is the story of Panpra tiuB,the youthful martyr of the last persecution under Diocletian and Marimian.' The name of this hero is very familiar to every citizen of London, for one of the most fashionable churches of the metropolis is dedicated to his honor under the name of St. Pancras.' Few, however, know any more of him than the mere natne. He was a Roman, lad, the son of a Christian marfcyr of a good family. That he was' martyred like his father there is no doubt, but traditions vary as to whether he was beheaded or torn by wild oeasts. I will tell you the s fairy according to the latter version, shielding' myself behind the name of Dr. Wiseman, whose narrative I quote witli some curtailments :—-*' Paneratius stood in the midst of the arena, the last of the faithful band. He had been reserved in hope3 that the sight of others suffering might shake his constancy, but the effect had been the reverse. He took his stand where he was placed, and his yet delicate frame contrasted with the swarthy and brawny limbs of the executioners who sur rounded him. They now left him alone, and we cannot better describe him than Edsebius, an eye-witness, does, a youth a few years older. ' You might have seen a tender youth, who had not yet entered his twentieth year, stand ing with fetters on his hands stretched forth ia the form of a cross, praying to God most atten tively with a fixed and untrembling heart, not retiring from the place where he first stood, nor swerving the lease, while bears and leopards, breathing fury and death in their very snort, were just rushing on to tear his limbs in pieces. And yet, I know not how, their jaws seemed seized and closed by some Divine and mysterious power, aud they drew back altogether.' Such was the attitude, andsaeh the privileges of this heroic youth. The mob were frantic as they saw one wild beast after another career ing madly round him, roaring and lashing its sides with its tail, while he seemed placed in a charmed circle which they could not approach. A furious bull let loose upon him dashed madly forward with his neck bent down, then stopped suddenly, pawed the ground, and. scat tered the duet over him, bellowing fieroaly. 'Provoke him, thou coward !' roared out still louder the enraged Emperor. Pancratius awoke asfroaatrance, and waving his arms ran. to- wards his enemy, but the savage brute, as if a lion had been rushing on him, turned away and ran towards the entrance, where, meeting his keeper, it tossed him high in the air. All were disconcerted except the brave youth, who had resumed his attitude of prayer, when one of the crowd called out, ' He has a charm about his neck, he is a sorcerer '' The whole multitade re-echoed the cry, till the Emperor, having com manded silence, called out to him, ' Take that amulet from thy neck and cast it from thea, or it shall be done more roughly for tb.ee.' *' Sire,' replied the youth with a musical voice which rang -sweetly through the hushed amphitheatre, 'Sire,' it is no charm that I wear, but a memorial of my iFather', who in this very place made gloriously the same Confes sion that I now humbly make. lam a Christian, and for the love of Jesus Christ, God, and man, I gladly give my life. Do not take from me this only legacy. Try once more. It was a panther who gave him his crown, perhaps it will do the same for 'me.' For an instant there was a dead silence — the multitude seemed, softened and won. 'The panther i' shouted out a voice. 'The panther I' responded twenty. *' The panther !:J thundered forth a hundred thousand in chorus, like the roaring of an avalanche. A cage started up as if by magic, in the midst of the. sand, and as it rose its sides fell down and freed the captive of the desert. With one graceful bound the elegant savage gained its liberty, and though enraged by darkness, confinement, and hunger, it seemed almost playful, and it leapt and turned about, and frisked and gambolled noiselessly on the sand. At last it caught sight' of its prey. All its feline cunning and cruelty seemed to return and conspire together in ani mating the cautious and treacherous move ments of its velveii-clothed frame. The whole amphitheatre was as silent as if it had been a hermifs dell, while every eye was intent on watching the stealthy approaches of the sleek brute to its victim. Pancratius was still stand ing in the same place facing the Emperor, and apparently so absorbed in higher thoughts' as not to heed the movements oi his enemy. The panther had stolen round him as if disdaining to attack him except in front. Crouching upon its breast, slowly advancing one paw before another, it had gained its measured distance, and there it lay for some moments of breathless suspense. A deep snarling growl, an elastic spring through the air, and it was seen gathered up like a leech, with its hind feet on the chest, and its fangs and fore claws on the throat of the martyr. He stood erect for a moment, and, looking at Sebastian with a smile, waved him a farewell salutation, and fell. The arteries of his neck had been severed, and the slumber of martyrdom settled on his eyelids. (Fabiola,ch.23j. The history of the Colosseum as the slaughter house of the Christians came to an end with the accession. of Constantino the Great with one notable exception, but it continued to be used more or less as a place for gladiatorial shows for nearly lOOyears longer. The Romans were too strongly imbued with a taste for blood to give up their favorite sport at once. The Christian Emperors did their best to. stay the custom, but «o radical a reform in public 'usage could npt come to pass in a single genera-' tion. The last exhibitian of this kind took place in the year 403. The scene was the same as before, but there was one notable difference, for all traces of public idolatry are 'wanting. The spectators new are. noffiinailyyChristians, for the Emperor is a Christiaia a.nd Cnrisiianity is now the established religion of ..jthe Empire. An oriental monk, by name Teleniachus, is in Borne. Some stories tell us he is come tojtome impelled -by a determined impulse to stop ttie games. Be iihat as it may, lie c^me suddenly into the arena, rushed between the gladiators, and in the name of his Master bid them cease ? their combat. The Romans were provoked at \- this-aaexpeeted interruption of their pleasures, tore up the seats, laid their hands on whatever they could get, crowded down into the arena, and overwhelmed Telemaohus with ft shower; of Atones. He was the last and by no means the least worthy of the noble army. . -By bis death he preached an elo quent 6ermon against the art and amusement of shedding Iranian blood. The madness «f the people subsided. They respected the memory of the murdered monk, and they submitted without a murmur tothe^laws of Honorious, who abolished for ever the human sacrifices of . the amphitheatre. Telemachus is not counted among the. saints^ no church .oas ever been' raised to his honor ; his self-sacrifice is rarely -referred to in ecclesiastical traditions,' yet I doubt if any man in the whole history of the conflict of Christianity did a nobler, or more useful, or a more heroic deed than -did that ob- ' scure Oriental monk. The subsequent history of the Colosseum, is .' curious and chequered. If was 'occasionally used for the' combats of wild beasts, and in the middle ages was the scene of a bloody tourna ment, but it stood forth as a melancholy ' memento of the past that could never be repro duced. -It was too strong and too massive to pass away in -the various sackings of' tne city, and even in the eighth century stood entire. It was seized upon as a fortress, for which it was admirably adapted, as its wails would defy all assaults, and its passages and rooms would' hold a legionTor a garrison. It passed from one family to another in the clashing «f medieval quarrels. Twice it served asarefugeiortheonePopeagainst another, when the world beheld the edifying spectacle of two successors of St. Peter disput ing for supremecy. In the 14th century it was used as a hospital by the canons of the Lateran, and the arms of the chapter, consisting of our Saviour's head, between two candelabra may still be seen sculptured on variom parts of the structure. What would old Rome ha re thought of such a change as that ? After that it became a stone quarry, and four of the great palaces of modern Rome (Barberini, Farnese, St. Marco, and Cancellaria) were built from materials plundered from its walls. It is said that the first of these plunderers got permission to re move only as much stone as could be taken away in twelve hours. But Cardinal Farnese was equal to the occasion, and let loose upon it an army of ? 4,000 workmen who did no small mischief in that one day. Pope Sixtus V. endea vored to utilise the rain by turning the arcades into shops, but the scheme did not answer. Clement XI. (17U0) set up a manufactory of saltpetre here, but the adventure did not suc ceed. At last the same Pope being reminded by a Carmelite monk how iniquitous it was to allow a spot consecrated by such holy memories to be desecrated, took the old rain under his . protection erected in the arena a , great cross and build there a little chapel. Thus protected the old theatre ceased to be an object of envy, and was allowed to rest aiid become beautiful hi its dewy Moses grew in its chinks, owls and bats took possession of its deserted passages, its chambers and den3 were filled up till all memory of them vanished, pilgrims passed round the arena on their knees, and sermons were preached every Friday from the cross in the centre. This is the Colosseum of modern poetry, the Colosseum of Rogers and Byron, the Colosseum of romance and art. Bat another change has come over the spirit of the vision. The Italian Government has got pos session of the ruin, and is treating it as a me mento of the past, which is not only to be preserved, but to be explored. The trees have been all cut down, because their roots were tearing the walls. The cross, I am told, has disappeared since I was there, and instead diverse cranes and winches have been put up. Sappers and engineers have been digging into the arena; vast remains, walls, dens, andpassages are being discovered underneath the level of the - floor of boards and sand on which the games were enacted, and many carious relics of the past are being unearthed. The genius of modern criticism and enquiry has ousted the conserva tive' ecclesiastical guardianship of the church, and compelled the old ruin to tell its architec tural story ? '? ' When 1 saw. it this change was in process. I remember well the last time I was there, and with an account of this final visit I will close my paper. It was on the occasion of some public festival — the first anniversary of some event connected with the proclamation of Ita lian liberty in 1870. Returning from some wanderiogs behind the Coelian Hill, I noticed as I passed the Colosseum some unusual prepara tions for some festivity, as I thought, for the morrow; but learning at the hotel that the Colosseum was to be illuminated that night, as soon as dinner was over I set out with those same artist friends who went with me to the cata combs of St. Agnes. A line of lamps and torohe i was placed all along the Forum and the Via Sacra. Crowds of carriages and pedestrians were hurrying to the scene, jostling each other with good-humored merriment. Often of old had a Roman crowd gone along that same road to that same spot, in search of sport, but there were no qualms of conscience to disturb the revellers of that evening. We got inside^ and saw_ the great space, dimly revealing itself hy 'a ^iew torches placed among the upper arches. A military band was playing and several thousand persons were loitering about ths arena. Suddenly a loud report was heard and a bomb was shot up over our heads and burst in colored flres, which floated down over the ruin and displayed the enormous mass in yet more- colossal proportions. Another and another followed, and then, all) at once at a given signal, colored fires, red and green, and purple and gold were kindled in the hidden recesses of the pile. The .effect was wild and sublime. The place looked like a ghoul haunted, unhuman . abode. Its size - seemed magnified tenfold. Its every crag, and stone, and buttress seemed on fire, and yet it did not burn. The disturbed birds flew screaming aloft in the dark upper air. The firemen on the walls4ooked like demons, aud in the midst' of all this the crowd was joking and chattering, and uttering their applause of the spectacle, j The Whole scene was beyond anything. I ever imagined, somewhat smelling of the modern theatre perhaps, but very sublime. Ere while t^9 ligatsfadedj&ndaUwaBdatkagain.andtliecrowd; began to stream outside. Then another bomb was shot up, giving the signal for aaother dis play. The crowd collected in groups by the Meta Sudans, and on the slopes of the Palatine, and at every point of vantage. The band piayed some more of the national airs, Mora bombs were fired, and then the building was illuminated from -the outside, and the flood of light fell not only on it, but on the surrounding ruins as well— on the arch of iConstantine, and on the. broken walls of the Palatine. The lights died out; another and a final display of fireworks amused the crowd, and we all set Off home, musing and talking over the great change that has come over the spirit of the vision since Titus opened the building 1,800 years ago with hecatombs- of human victims^ 'An old historian. of. 'England, 'the .'Venerable Bedeof D'ornam, quotes as a prophecy of the Saxon Pilgrims— _ 'While stands the Colb3seumJ Rome shall stand! When falls the Colosseum, Rome shall fall ! And when Rome falls, the world ?'. -?— ** : -3Jj And if we take the Colosseum to stand as the representative of the spirit of paganism, the prophecy has already been fulfilled. The Oolog seom has fallen, ancient Rome has fallen, the old world system has fallen, but on the ruins God is building a new, a spiritual, a holy state, a regenerate and perfected world which a New Testament seer predicts as the 'New J*ru «alem^ acd says concerning it, ' The glory of God doth lighten it,_and the JLamb is the light thereof, and the nations of the earth do bring their glory and honor into it.' 