ARRIED TO AN ACTRESS. CHAPTER XI. By HKS. E. WTNSTANLEY, Ivtkertu of " Twenty Straw!," $<s., $c. IIiiB ohild grows worse and ?worflp," orled a Ellington," and iu her constant wander (tlk ibe mixes- np the 'name ol that tea person until eho drives me almost out MKn; miud to li?ten to her.". . . |H' It'a very distressing and annoying to hear MB do bo, I acknowledge,'' sniffed Bertha ; Jgfat what can be done when the poor child BJh sot know what she Is talking about ?" p& Well, we must Bond off for a crootor, for B| anie I cannot make oat what oan be tho |Htttt with her," Miss Elrington said, with ilfKu of impatience. " I wish she had novor nin permitted "to enter the doors of Aver ?He, ' n ' 1 firmly beliovo that Bho has oon ?Boted thia illness ol hers dirootly or in- H&clly; there and nowhere el?e. Yet, how ?Bid we control her acts, since sho per gjfteres in always reminding os that she's ?Bat;. Wo axe a most unfortunate family, |Bj <dl through Noel's ill-fated marriage, HBch I, for one, shall never cease to do- jes; we are a pair of moat wretohed BjaP'B; there's iio denying that'taot,''sniffed BBttiii; lsraentihgly, " Bat, bad as rnatte.o HBmthns,l have.a ooneblation whichyou |i|}e not; my Bojourn on earth will not, I |K> be- vety long -now ; I -am dying by Bjjpia?i yet no'one appears to percoive the 1 BB.Vthioh is.co very evident to myself. I H|l?e, -littd it not: been : for ?. year very gfellent oherry cordial, I: should have bees ?he silent toisb long, long ago," wOolahdine,'Celandine 1" repeated Annie, wing her arms tip in tho air, und shrieking name r ogam 1"- exolaimed Ma Elrington,; ;! with" a:ge?tare, of : anger. Wok oan we possibly oall in r. dootor whilst M coDtinnso to din into onr ears those Hgeatable 'syllables i?" '?;? ','..,: 3jt Tib;. "Agatha, true,"' returned Bertha.: Mi, how very thoughtful you always are 1 BJl? Is 'weU for. tis that you are;'bo, for 1: Be only ono thonght, arid that is of another M'a'b?Vtw world," <Bhe"added,'in"inelan- BHply tbnea. V JDo'bb'jton pteaW,' diar, for: BBj , ,teow'b?dtwhatisgddd"foryoa't6do.'' ' raH'Thenl?hall riot yet send for Dr. Wood-: Hfcii?".?id'Mia? ; Blriqg'ton. ~ '' indeed,' for-he iB the -greatest goss whole oountiy. Nobody's affairs are g?e?ith him; aud, if hoonoo got hold of j?j'i: we'mlght as -well have sent the bell m?Q round to pnblinh them; Let ua, then, Way as long aa possible calling him in/'. |£r?at, you- aeo, we, don'c know what ails anil, being in total ignorance of her B?ady, w;do not ondoretand how to treat her. H moat not allow the child to die for want jpjmedicat advice." ".. PJl'Oeriatrily not,'' Bertha; datyjioa Wie'as, and thai doty ? we'must .'perform; at BS'aTe?, Agatha; no matter as BB^ wisely'observe, we must hot neglect to ?storm the obligations whioh kindred ties JB Mu l )o a üb." : ?V' Then, -I. Buppose, the ? doctor muat be ?Btaniohed, Bertha ?!*'; '??; BJf'*'ee, Agatha, I: Enpp'oso he maet," agreed |H' Oelasdine, Celandine 1" reiterated Annie HB'a her eonoh. H|'Xonhei?rher, : Borlha?"B?idMifl?Elring- JB'l Bbbnld be deal il I did not, Agatba. BWa it is quite Bhookiug to hear her." BBT*i* ol ahno?t"ready to wish I had no BB"" < whimpered Mias Elrington, dolefully; BB" And no heart to feel 1" added Bertha. to be born with a otone in one's ?Bwt than ? with such ft thing as a heart given to sympathy and all that sort of BHNot very olevoily exprisased > but Bertha was not in the habit of delivering at any time with poispionity. ?Vla her, it was all ohonoe work whether she ?Bji?* hor ideas to be clearly understood or ??uad m. that attempt. /.. At this instant appM? t frantic 'voice was heard again, in- MHMMa in volume to enoh a degree that her ?Wo tunid aiatera, fall ol terror, fled to the ?Witt end of .the chamber, and called in to nvsu assistance all the women servants they HHM ?their house.: She la gone Bteik, : staring MMI axolaimesj Mi? Ellington, trembling. ." One t,f yon send eff Simouonthi aid biosn cib for Dr. Woodhousc Tail him to U8? all po?eiblo haete, Away t" Tho order wee at once obeyed, 'whilst Annin's ciioa for Oolantlirio woru re pealed over and over egaiu, e<?ch time moro ehrilly tb&n; tbe timn b?fore, tibtil the old wollb fairly m-echoed the eouuds, and the winda of all near v/oro distracted. Annie's obeekfl wtre now xed as a rcue, nod hor oyes ehouo with a starry brigb.tr.eas. She glrirod uround her with, sigue of ineanity, ailtl the two alstere olung the tighter to one ' another as they markoi those signs which struok them with awe. "Tbe family malady|" whispered Hide to with An intxpreesible elinddor and a pajxibed longuo, " Family malady 1" repeated the other, in quivering tones. "Ay i our grandfatber died beroft ol roa "Horrible!" exolaimed BerShe. "Non eoD?e, Agatha ! I can't orcdit it." "I oan," nottded Miss Elrington, with marked emphasis. " Iβ—lβ," then, tho taint of madnens in oar blood, Ag&J;ha I" Btummered Bertha, in toiies of a sudden become (strangely hoarge aud dieoordant. ",I can't, I won't believe in Bu6h rnbblah," she added, in great exoito nient, and hardly knowing what abe Mac flaying. ?_ " I cannot help that," returned'the other 1 eister. " You aeked for thb troth and voa have it." . j " The troth 1" reiterated poor Bertba, whilst Anniti'e shrieks wore renoanding j through the house, and several maid-Bi>rvant? ! were exerting all- their united efforts in order to keep ber from leaping out of the open window. "Ha 1 listen to ber, Usten to ber," added Bertba, starting bnok a few paoes and assuming frantio gestures. "Tbe 1 ehitd lias lost her reason; bo bavo I, co have II Give mc her doll and I will make it a suit of new clothes—clothes for tho gruvbl Hα, ha!" And she sank into a choir goetioulating wildly. "Bertha, dear sieter Bertha 1" cried Agatha, in alarm, " Ob, henven bo merciful to us all, for we are a moH mieeteblo family 1" she continned, wriuging her hemls distractedly. "-Why, why did I rovcal to ber that family secret whiob I have so long kept biddtu from her, knowing that hor intellect wae not bo bright as it ehould be ?" shu continaod, within be?el(. "I em to biarnu, I am to blame; for heaven, ulone cau say whore this outbreak of here will end. Bertha, 'Berthtt, why should yon take my rovelfition so to heart? I tbinkl niust have made soma sort o< footisu mistake about one deceased who, now I refleot on tho mnittir, must have died n natocnl death after all. Tlien b.mieh the moibid thought from your mind at ouob nud fur ever, aud forgive mc, Bottba, for my lack of prudence in mentioning enah a painful subject to ono whoso liatute is bo over.stnshivo as yonrs. You mu?t not give ffuy at this time, when I wont your kind help so very much. Hoar you that ahild'b frantio otios ? Come, oome, Bertha, are you goi'ug to forsake ma in this hour, when I am most needing yonr did P Tho dootor will be hero presently; let,him not find you in this lout Htato, nnloss yon wish the wholo country round about to ring with tbe tale that Elrington House was> filled with mad women," and Agatha adjusted hor epcolaoles with a sbakinghand. Theno words aroused in Romo device tho vnount-eyod woman', who looked up, only half understand ing tbe meaning of thorn. Bertha had novur boon a sharp-witted woman, but at this moment she seemed as if ehe had no wits at all. _ Whilst Miss Elrington was thus endeavour ing to soothe olio nietor, tbo other was raviug deliriously, straggling in tho hands of fonr strong servant-maids, who hail hard work to control her acts. ?< Tbe screams' of Annie kept Burtha in a fearful eta'te of agitation, and it was with the utmost difficulty she could keep her moderately quiet and on her ohuir. Miaa Eltington waa tbanklul wbon tho dootor wus announced. Aβ ho entered, Berlba Buddonly booamo perfectly calm find still, whilst Annio called out for "Celan dine." "Upon whom ie your yonng eistor so sail ing, Miss ElriugSon ?" the doctor asked, turning to Agatha daring a lull in tbo storm of Aunie'e delirium. Miss Qlrington to her lips, whiob. at once'began to shake nervontily. Sho could not ovade tho doatoi'u qaesiion; it wee pat to her too broadly to allow hor to'do no. Sua hesitated in great aonfuaion, but presently Boj'zing courage, eho auswt'rod iv a low, Btanimoring voioo—" Colandinu-ie tho name of a—a person 'my yonngeet siator kuowe, but to whom woi my eietvr Bortba and my- Bell, aro perluot 'etrangor.vaud to whom no shall over remain as suoh r '' "Pardon my question, but we doctors nyist know everything. Iα unoh a st'riuuy case as tho prueout it is an imperative neoee?ity that I should be made acquainted with over>tuiiig connected mth this young lady, my putimit. Has she had any dis agreement with her friend Celandine 1" "I am sum I know not," faltered M'ibb Eliiugton. " I am not aware of any cause she oan have for her present Bluto of excitement; I uiin throw no light upon the metier, at all.-" The dootor hemmed. Ho did . not (col salieflod with the answers be, received from tho lady; she seomod to, equivboate, and ho did not like it. There was a medioino obeet in the house, from amonget the oontenta of wh'ioh tbo country dootor was fain to seleot a certain poUnt drug, wbioh he at once administered to bis iraulio patient, who tooo aitcrwr.rd? fell into a profound "sleep or Bjupori H?r lu?t words, murmured soltly, were: ''Save, fiave mc, Celandiuo." . ? .!.:'? : ?? An soon ac tbo dootor a?w .bifl patient sleeping, ho turned once morn to Hies El rititjion, who wob does by his side. Agbe did i>o he started violently. His professional e.yo uad fallen upon the rigid figure, of Bortha Elrington sitting erect in hor'ehair, her face shitts ue ohulk, her eyes Btarlng wide, her jaw dropped. ? ? .' ?'feat Heaven, what is that?", be ex claimed, in amazement and terror ;? and every, eye followed the direction.of bis, and saw wiiat he saw—BtJituu Elrington dead. Tho 100 m, the whole hui)ae, was instantly a scene otoonfusion. . . : i'?? (To bo continued.) ? A BOCKI4AND man read that ono ehonld endeavour to draw something useful from everything .he saw, and nobly: resolved to proiit by tlie teaching. That night when tbe moon .was bidden iio oueaved to draw a numbor of useful oord-*ood sticks.from bis neighbour's pile, and got filled bo full of rock salt out of a gun that ho won't be able to taste anything freeb for the balance of hia natural life.—- . Ix may perhaps interest sohool boys to know that Professor Knapp, of Germany, baa invented a new proooss of tanning without the use of bark. The tbicke?C bidee, bo olaime, oan be tannod by his process within seventy-two hoars. Teachers, however, will probably etick.to tbo old method. Thoy can't tan hides now without blubbor, but it doesn't take 'em anything like seveoty-two hours to accomplish the job.' If Professor Kuapp'e prooees of taaninn were to tie intro duced into our eohools, pupils would find a copy book oonoealed beneath then; garments, where it would do the most good, a hollow mockery. Xoe old way la prcJewabJe—ts ibe bey. , - JOHN GliAllAM'S MUST. CAUSE. BY Hblsn \V. Pilkbon, ik the "Daist." " WnEW! I'm gUv I'm noe n doctor," eaiel John Qrahiin an ho listened to the bowling {,! tiie wini, which u-nuttd to abase whU impatient hands tho door, pod vslmiows ot hia buug IHtlfc o£Scu, "or else I might bo cnlUd to-somu wbioialcal Cue - lady In thlo sturta. Now I can juufc til; by the fito uud look over my ?p?ech for the ?ummlng up." Ho w?lk*d to thu window first, however,' aadglnaitd to the shining etreet fcpd the. Tutloru wayfarer/", with tbeb dripping umbrellas, who harried by through the driving rate ftud that. It eomehow en hanced his en comfort to tie* other people m> miserable. All the a treat lumps Kerned to be winking uad blinking, ,i? if trying to ahut thair eyea ngalnet the alorin. And tbn lighted -window at the grocer's corner loomed up ont of the sheets cr raia like th? unuuQ stantial fabric of, a drawn. The yonng lawyer did not notice a pj?n without an umbrella who mood etilt under thn r?in And uturea ap at the house. He bed taken a comfortable Beat before the lire, aud was turning over various papers with aa absorbed look. Tu-inorrow was iv great lad Important day with him. Ho lelt k> if till din life wn? stalled on thd turning of thni hour when lie should make his tirul In.portant apeeoh. Hβ bad poured into it ?11 the eloquence of which hie nature w?s eapab'lfi. It was his firat ohaoee beforo the pnbllc—an opportunity for which* he hud sighed and pined for in ambitious dreania, ?bcDC which hehud despaired in reetloaepam. Hβ could have thanked God for the murder which bad brought the huppy chauco of success t? him. For months ho hud boon a prey to devouring cravings, for Urn.9 And (care that hie time would never come. He had chafed within thoae four walls aa a wild boast in a cugo; hut now 1 Hβ looked over hia papetn agtin. How clear the roaaonlug;" how convincing tha ehhin of avtdoaoe. Ho Was thoroughly convinced, in his o?n inina, that Berirsnct was guilty, end his words carried conviction wuh them. Thuy wtre U3 a death-warraut. Hβ wua eaeguino about the iisuo for himself, yot; viiiti fo? and ' trembling. Hβ scarcely gavu a thought to the fact, ttat ilia succor inertut Bjruutid'n dtutht Ho was to absorbed that he did not hear at first a stealthy movement ac hia door, bus it, -wad followed by a low knock. The burly follow who tatured did noflook ac if hti could have knocked ao softly. Hβ wan tho eatne mart who had utcod un sheltered, up at tho homo. John Graham, scenting some now work, b?'ie him, utlaoly, " good- evening," and offer.id a ehs-ir. But. the man ntooil there, virh Uttlf tiirrams of water .nckling from iiir, han , nrul the slouchod hat which ha held in hie hand —v comical figure, like eorno great clumey water-god just frora hia dump abode. "I *ln't a Btibjoct to ?a down In any gentleman's office, I ain't," he oaid, with ? xruflf voioo, which sounded no if tho dampness had Rot into it. " Ksythor moist night, mister." John buwed, und eaid, " Very uncomfort able in tho Btreut, certuioly." The man looked about a moment, ne if ho ofpected to nod in the room como help to opening tho snbjoofe in hand. Then suddenly hia eyes rested on. the toll of paper which Jahn hold. " Speech on the great case, maybe f" j John nodded, 1 "Woll, lU about thnt I comoin. That follow Bortrand aiu'J guilty." John had deoidod that ho wae, and he madu lmown tho samo to his visitor. "Now, I ain't no actiU?intnrjce whutever with the prisoner, and can't bo prejudiced, doyotiEoa? I follow tho water." John srailod at tho idea that if he followod the wattr ho had caught it this time. There was quito ? pool about him on tho neat Btudy-lloor. " Aβ I said, I'm a capting of a enug Httlo orivf t, end I'vo only been on shoro a day or two—long enouijh to hi'or 'bonk the. ouoe— umll'm bound on along voyage to- morrow, but as it liuppene, I know Kometbink about it, nut}, Biye I, 'I ? ind out the lawyer, and ttli what you know.' Eat"—maeiuu a little— " el you're tho lawyer ogin Bertrand, perhaps I'd ought togo to tho t'other side." " Oh, it's all the same," answorod John, " Evidence that ifl worth anything will not be eappros?ed." " I could wiah it took down in black and whito,'' Baid tho inau, "und I tuko my Dffiiinvy, und Bigu tuo eiime, . I'm a poor .ioholor, or I'd a done it mypolf." , John took s eheet rither lm patitnily, and' looked nil hie unwelcoruo visitor. , '? Oα tha last cruica of the Betsey Jane," tho situ an importunt air— " Btitbey Juno is my wife." "All, well, on thelisitoruisoof yourwifo," iuid John, beginning to write. "B?6pl' Mctscy ?Aroe'a uijr bout, cillcd aftur my wife. 'Twab a moonlight night, juat ifiriitf months ngo, tho 23thof October — tho werry nighl of the murder. Sing'l&r;, I now, tl'ut ? we arrove tlmt werry night. | Them's An overruling Piovidenco, sir—you'd better believe it," ? 1 , John lu'tdb no answer. Hu bc-gan to fear it—tv think that "iho befit laid plans of talca ' tutd men guug nfo tigUy"—to coo tiio ropu tutioh which he hud built up Into such a fair atf uiiium topple like a houoe of cards. " B.CAUou also why did it happou on th?t wery ldeutical uiytit ? I forgot my money bolt. I never done euch n thiug eluoe I wb? capting. When vie waa n-nuarlii , the shore 1100k off uiy sea clothes, naturally, und left my bolt. Well, thero'a no thlovlu' at ?ea, but wbpu a vessel ja in port, and. tho wharf r.ita about, it'a aillerouf. Betsy Jane bad h f?w friucea celebr<tUn'.'my airivul, you boo, and at twelve 'o'clock, when we wuo a breivkin'.'up, I mitabd my bolt. . ' Buny .June,' tea I, 'I fcan't deep without gei'tin , it,; , una she who as oucmy v I vv.ie. ?Ktmemour, oir, 'twaa that identical night," And he paused, aa If to collect himnalf. -. " Aa.t've hceid tie etory of the murder," he went on, thoughtfully, " this young man Benrond owed Halpinu epiau monoy, and they h?d hard worau of t?u over it, and eomo one uwoie he wai eeen goin' into Ualpine'a at ten o'clock, and no one known . wliea he came out; and a noto waa found on Bertrand when iut w?b arrestod lnvitin , of him round on that >?cry dlenuc?l uight.". John Grauaui nodded a? he listened to thla odd version of the bvidunco iit had made no clear. '?. ? ?'"??!?? ? ????? . .. 1 ??..'??.. ' . "And, one o'clock,a Btudcnt as roomed next Ualpinc, aa'. waa out late, teeln' a light in hi* room, went in, an , caw the unfortunate man a-welterin' in hi* gore." Tb.u lawyer felt compelled again to titaont to the oian'fl inquiring glinca. '? A-welterin , in hia got*," repeated the burly captain, a> if !>? enjoyed tho eloquent roil of tho words. "Wall, to go b.-.ck, I'd a little deuhn'u with H&lpine; oncet. He lent jaa'monoy orient, on my Betsy Jane." " Oα wnluh Bjtey Jane 1" inquired John, gravtly, and preparing to enter the answer ouiflUilly, '.' Siaver my timbers 1" answered the man, impatiently. " Tricro ain't none of this heie itvidencs it a. man's life or death's no joke to mc, whatever it may bu to you lawytsie. I meau, huviug borrowed money of Halphio, I tuuur&liy; : looked at hia office aa 1 paased. Iβ wao juit half-pait twelve, for I heard the clock α-atrlkin' tho half-hour, ana.l Raw'a'nun, comla , cut of H*lplao'?door. , t: J ? \\- ': : :-; : .,,,-.- : ; "Weil?" '' A man wrapped iv n cloak—* t&JI; tell X skw hlgfaco iuilo&s; aiinute boforo he tut; mc; then be turned euiidlnt^ and took to a tide street. Now, mark my words. This man w.ia tlx foot higb, nod ho had fair hmr, and wutn nkln liko ft somiu'a, and Uueeyf-ti. Bertram! ia dntk nod short. Wlwt do jou tuaku of that f" "I have taken It all down," answered John Graham, in * hsrd voice. *' Why not Bt&y; yourself auJ give iv tbla evidence?" " i wasn't within' tor to stay, of go be m ye could do without mc," hu'gaid, noxiously ; " but ef it'i important, for an innocent man's life —don't ye think aa it'a down in black and tfbite, mid I m*kc? my afferdavy—" " Oh, yea; 1 think this wUI be sufficient," Answered John, thoughtfully. "Have you told this to anyone else ?," " Only to'Bfrtsy Jane, air." "Ali I to Betsy Jane, and ehe to hex frlendt, I suppose f " , " Weli, I just told her ai I waa a ntarUa' h??, and I reokun ?ha sln't n-romnia ronnd Iv thia incleruunt weather a-repeathV of It"— with iotonoa sarcaum. " You are going tp kayo her for thioe yoar?r" " No; sho'a a-goln thia time." ~ John Gtaaani drew a long breath., -. - ',?:>*Taank- yon,' , hesaid; "thankjau,very you have given iv this evidence. : itisjivsyou suppose, quite important. It.vvoulil bo beUtr to speak of i£ to no one else, end to cautiuu your wife also, oSlici? wlio V you: utlght be detnlued and held ao wltne?o, thaa cauoipg you and your admirable wife grsit irjconv j vonlehoe. .Kon? may now aigii your rmino." t y Tua good iellow advanced In all good faith end wrote,' quite legibly, in aqomu what sprawling hand," Thoroie- Browse." Then ho sot his weii slouched hat on his head ?nd bade the lawyer Kooduvoalng. ; John : Gralmni. sat for a longtime, staring ? at the paper a,sd its scrawling signature;?? if it had becu a ghost. It might hay* stood for the' ghost of a vanished hope to him. The letters of the good inim'n nftiuo Bet-rued to dance ovar the paper likti black luip? from boll. Ho caulri not ait HtlU. The lcmcu was no longer comfortable,. Hβ paced.up aod" downie resfcleaily. Tuoiacejot.ali theworla had changed tor; him; in ?n hoar. - F.atue, fortune, Bud love had buckouod him. He had hoped to Kiiia all ia gainiug this caio; ftud cow the speech, with ua enthusiasm, ita oonvinciug Ibgio, was '.go much ?a?te paper to be'thrown insbthOjliro. .. , ?. .'. ; . '. ?'.; Oddly enough, no never thought of the rnaa.whoselifattiid death it conctrueu , .' He thought: 'only of hitnsais and.of one other, fot iiu was inntlly Jα love. The whole HeUpine fauiily were'esyiuij out .-"fox vonffeartoe; nud. hie Juyo was a cotiejute 5 thti .'truniered man.' Hβ noped to win Hand Halpiue when he won hie cuueej?O.no wonder he had poured the eloquence of his soul into it. And it wu only the beginning of his career. Hβ took up the piece of paper with the mima evidence on It. Iβ wan only a piece of papar, petl?habloj yet it held: hia fate. It Km terrible thing to stand thoro a'looo, at night, and hold one'a falo in one's hand;, N<> one knew ol It yet. All the evidence agaioot' Bartrand had been conclutlve till this- -??<? ? ?;:?::'??';? -.-.?.v - ??./,? ?;?.-? And, fiftor all, what was this T It pointed atnd dhaVlt wae.vague, indefinltb. TVho knot? that thia burly sea- oiptaiu had not been : too convivial among Botaey June's friend?. How could It be knuon that he had noc scon jmperfeotly wtfuu.ho met the bloade-haired Btmuger comiug out oi 'Hal pine's biflce ? Why dieturb the hurrriony of a perfect ohaln of rvideuco with the vagaries of an unknown man? ? ; : ??..; So whiepered o, subtle voice to John Omham's inmotit soul. ' Would ho not be a iool to throw away his chance in life lor a drunken . man's Uruam! Ho ? had been courteous ouough to Ufco it down; that wia enough. And the inaa waa ? gone ? for thzeo' '.yearsr,-. ,: '.' ?.'?... ? '?'???? ??;..-?'? ...:.??'..:..??.??' "?. ; Three yeore I What might not happen in throb years 1 He might' hiwo uohioviid fame: and iottunu in tlmt limo. Hβ might- have won Miiuu Ualpino and imve tasted lifo'a uwcotoat joys, il only thia bit of paper had no exiotouoe. Tiiia bluttod all out. Xhio camo between him and all the Buuahine on the landapapo 61 hia life. : Hy twieltid the paper uneasily in hie fiugota. It eaomed to burn like fire. How quickly would it really burn—il—. Well, eomo men would epucdily fiuhth it. There was. Spencer, now, hy would not be equoamieh. And,'alter all, a man must not logo every obuuoo /or an ovor- imjliJiou? intigrity. Hovy many won fortune by v few proeueieus clips itoiu honoitt'a opun way 1 He. had ultvuye dospiaed thoao mun, but now ho hud n fellow fooling ior them. Ho had nover boea tried and tompted us tliuy, or ho mlgut hare fallen oa they had done. How muou ü?oior now to burn that paper: than to struggle lor years with adverse fate 1 to feul ever nitur ShiU there hud boon a tido in the aftaixa of hia life wbiou, it taken nt the tluod, woula have led to fortune .1 Ho oould not lueo all bo lightly;. ho would not! Another moment the seieed tuo nlip vi pupur, leaping tougueH of flro had ourieS about it ana Iluked it up. A little blaok tiuder whirled up tho ohimuoy like an tivil spirit, t?nil all was gone. AU but memory 1 . : Memory, that aweateat oi friends to the iuuocunt, that wont of devils to ecourge the yuUiy, It sut by John Graham's pillow that uight, and would noli let him Bleep. But he made his Bpeeoh thi next day, and hiu JuToted, jtontiissa autelant mote tire and Juv< f 10 it. He. bud stolen down to ? the whmvea in the moruinjj early, and had iiuourud hiiueoll that the lielsy Jane was gone; so' thai; ;<?a? fiuiahtd up—liuisUml 1 He had hoii'rii Botuowhoro, ho hod reuri, in ? misused boob, ot" che Bins that follow us." i H>s slnfollowsdhim to thu ooart- room, whttra a breathitas crowd hung upon hin woius; vvhuro ols eloquonca huehed and swayed':'th*t groati'niaaa, and , he mouldud thulr optnloua at will; for this man bad not mistaken the powor that was In him. He ' hud the real iira of youius. He wuu eloqueni, yes clear and logical. If sny had doubted j Ucttrnnd'a guilt boforo, they doubted no I louger. Thu m?le'members of tho Halplce tauiily almost broke out into audibly ohters which Would have been .unb*oiii!iii)g their 'grief?: ? ' ' ?'.''"" '.' ? ?-.-??? ild/trand, a oillow little man, listcuod a> to hia deaih-wuyrant, and. grow livid asUoath. ' ?' 1 feol the topt aUtJaQy arouna my nt'ck," be said, in v chining whisper to ixls counsel; " yet, before Uod, I am inuuetne." How poor and weak seemed the words of the counsel; for "tiio defence compared to thii. The jary did non need to confer long on such an evident matttr. The judge had summed.up vety biielly. Why, everyone had decided. The miud of thu pubUo was mnde up. It w?s strange how little sympathy had beeu iult tor the ? prisoner. It oaa been rumouted that his young wife was pro?t?t?d by the dreadful ?fl?ir. They had not bevn married. long,' and the money had been boiiowtd from Halplne for the furuUhing. Tho motivo for the iuurd?r w?b tuppoiad to by to get ponoeueion of this bill, that it uight be destroyed. Tit* blU'had uot been found tunoug th? murdered mart's papcra. That wae a damniiig t?ot. . So when the 'teuibU./woid*. ?Bt? pionouaced, v/hea the ioroiuna oi the jury had given atteranue to the awful "Oality" nhicu must fall on a psUonet'e oar with wand o£ a clod lulling oa tie collie; whv?tbo judge, clgilieU in tho terrors of tho 1,.*, s'.uod up in hi? plate ?ud [ironuunced the otununiw. '* Ho thutl be h&ogcd; by his neck till he Is dead, ami ui&y; tbu Lord 1i?to mercy on bin soul.", poor B*rtrau'<f guped, " I hope Hβ will ht.vu ii>ercy, for tu?re 1? oo moroy hero." Aud aU auound Juhu Graham was (v perl coj. ovation. Tho curloua eenrculy loi>ked lotia tho prisoner $><>? out with weak atepu, or .noted whether his face wee blanched with fiiar or whether ua b?.*? himtuli br?v?ly. They looked rather at the Hiring man, who huu spelltKinud them, with his eloquence. The H.iipiusd, etpeoialiy, otowded about htm, ahoak hands, thanked him with effusion. M-juiVu father was there.. That waa thu eweateiit diop in this delirious draught. She would hear. Straage —suoh is the weakness of oar nature—that ainoag th.it boa of <>ces ?U ready to smile on him, John Qrahaot seemed to see another that waa not them—a ghastly, callow face, with the life ctunhod out oi i? with the agony of death already creeping, over It—Bertrund's fnco, as he. had caught eight of it whUo hie speech. It folloWtd him to the wry house ot the girl he loved, for her lather took hint home to dinner; and ha nover lost sight of it, even whau he caught the Kluam of be* pala-goM hair or baakeU In the sunny awectetae of her eyifa, ;:-.;: y ?,. >l 'U^iteily'?)aqutttte.s/aic;l!'.'exoifttmpd < H*lpine, over hi?\glu?' : of p?l?ishoicry, at amunr.:^That:did tor.tha raupil. Every momber of oot family:io mider fcbllgaticn to yvuj atd. ii :I:ever can- do anythiag tp advance your Interuato—". y>::.: y y: . ??: :\\\ , "Oh, p.ipa, don't talk uf that awitui trial now 1" ;exeltiinied ,M?nd, 'with n. iihudder. ". Such ? litiirible thing! I don't nee why it should have happened in our family." . I Msnd waa a little-silly—just i littlo ailly i now and then—but then aho was beautiful es ii white roue in the auolight. And Joha Graham eat there, drlnkiog in the " cup of a costly 'death, brimmed ? with delirious draughts of warmest life," as he sipped her father's pale sherry;. - ::, . ''???? ? But when he reached home and the glamour was gono, end ue eat once more in the little 'office where the stranger had viaitod him the nlght beforo, he felt that he eat there- a hauaiecj: nun ;thit heMjould uey?r more lift hii h*nd eercnely ? in tho suualiioo us -btJtorti without the shadow of HumethiDg on the palm—Bertrand'e blood I ?Cuuld oven Maud'a lily-white h?nd ( :laid In hie, for fever wa?h out that foul spot P y : : There was time yst--Utnetg cover hlmaoU with suame end dishonour ; \mt time to snatch buck tho doomed life from the jawe ; ofcies?th.:...>y.Wy-- :;..-:, 1 >::.. ??'..':?. ??-.-;; y John Graham thought of it. For full five minutes he pictured the eoenes—hia ieuoion, vhu' ccorti nnd contempt of tboso who had Inuded him to-day—tho ruin q£ hia oarcer.'.?' ???: : : : '-'??'? ,"?.;???? ?:.?..?'????:?'-.'??.. >????'' '??:." Buttaenw?'B llfel ? Ah, the man's llfo t 1 Hih 1 'What would hie own lifoybe Y/orth after wards ? Ho ehraiik away 'with an awful cotvardiao from thu ntop he was contemplating. No j it was too lato I .... -. y \ ..'? y ?-, .-??-. Yot ho did not feel that it waa laduedi o lato till the day of execution cams. He felt that he had livid egea till that hoar, Hβ ?sw? new wrinkle in his face, aa If the strange agony had wrlttonits , autograph there. -And, looking In the mirror that "morning, - he oeemed to discern 1 a new and furtive espreo oion in hia eyes, : as If ho could look -no m&a; boldly In the face ag?in. : . : ; All: that day he talked tho .etrectn in feverish unrest. He heard 'the , 'extras" cried at evening, with an ocoount ot tho execution and Bortraud'a last words. Ber-' trand's'.last words! How well he knew what they must.bel- . : : . .Weil, it -was over, then. There ywas' ho golug back now; no room for repdutahcti though he Bought it: with tears. Hβ : toro away hit' 'thoughts, witU a great wraueh, tromthe aeeaUiug subject, aurt ho begsn to think of Msud and bin -future. Even ia thoae'few weeks ho had felb that fame w&a; ihruafc upon hhn, ? hie career Vfas open to him. Clients had flocked to him; Hi? futuro waa asauted, it only Slaud smiled on blni.' : - v: ;;'" ?' : ; ? ?'.???.?? ..-;' ?..?? "??"?. : - . : ??'??? I nay," exclaimed a;famlllar voice at his Bhoiilder " I've just called at yo?t ofllce, aiid hore, by good luck, you Mc?" :" Well, Spencer," wia Qrahijm, coming oUt;ot. hia brown study elowly, and looking at his fellow-lawyer ac through a, mlat. "'?'' Comb, wake up, old fellow. This is an exciting day for you to go' to aloep over; Thete's your fellow Bertrand excused, and an engageuicht anuouncett of anothor friend oi yours."' " : " ? ' ' '.. ? '... ' .'.''. QiUham hid ecarotily brought his thoughts bubs from their wanclorUig when he heard thesawpide: ..'.'.Yes; old Halplnu has made a good thihg of It. Ezra Collins ia worth half a milium. To bo sure Maud's a be&uty.;" "What arc you mandoring about?' 1 Gralmui exclaimed, sava(j?ly. '?Why, Maud Hulptoe's engagement)' , exclnitned Sptmcur. " It's been announced for ? duy or two. What! hava, you beea awuet In that'quarter? l'ooi felluw I Come, I'm gCiiug to toe theatre to-night. Nothiug like a roaring fajecu to dispel grim melan choly." Bat Graham excueod himself, and went homu instead. Hα had walked all day; he hud eaten nothing, and ho was too weak to walk farther. Tiie evening paper, a haunt ing gho?t, was thtutt under his door. Ha trod on it ac he wont in. Of courte it con tained full particulars uf the execution. Maud Halplnn lust to him I TJiia girl, foe whuin he hud loaded himself with aiu given to buuiuer 1 For he felt now as it the olu had indeed Ueeu oouituittcd fur hur sakv—to wiu iuuie und lortuue, that he might win her. He eat down weakiy inhU chnir.; Ah 1 if hu could have known before be hau uold hia birthright of houour at,d integrity for a uma of pottage. Now he uv liv , hopes nud dteaoia suitttercd about him, and t-ne future uoaolnto. Tho huuutiug ehadow would walk that way bo?ide him, and Mnud would not be there to make tUo sun euiuc. But time ,works wonders, and the same euchuuUr who can pl&nt; the very gcaves of our beloved deud wltu tlowoie made at length a (trttvti tor John Gtahaui's uoirow and nlti. -But it v?bs v grave irom which a Hhoai arose ai: Liuit? —a puantoni tlut would not be laid. Not.. at, the. dead of night alone did thin phauiom appear, but in tueatzett it followed him; ?t itio bunquet it found v ooat —a griiming dealh'a-huud among tho xevullors, wiiuug, ac at Btlelutxzu'n i east of old, in woitln vuiolo to GinUam's eyes alone," Thou an weigaou in the and art found Wanting." .''.. '?'?.- Bui time works wonders, and even " Love usoll will rnulie at leugth On other lovt? &>ub from us." And John Urauam began to forgot the beuming oyts and the gtaam ot,Muud'o golden hitir. .Maud wad a ehiiu, and said (ritv, aliiy tbinga; but thie woinin that he dreamed oi had iier.eoul in bet glouoo. Besides, Maud bad boon married mow thnn two yearn John Grahum had loft the town where she ?lived, and where he had beeu tempted and uvurcotno. Hie fameiidd goue before him. to hia new hume, ?uU he baa tiitd to. let thu dead peat bury no dead. Hβ had iieguu a fair, new page in the hook of life, buy he could not tea* oat thu blamd and. blotted one—wiily Uβ lookod at It. as aoldora es po??ibla. . ? , ?-.. ... -.'.??-. ? AU he needed now to make him happy was the companionship of a good, txae-huoitoa woman la lii? homo, tie qpuld owto???' tieiitilitol homo for a wife now. Ho had tHOniMM-ed, aud taouoy had pourod ia on him. llit> uumti stood hi;h in the great city, aud thu woman ho loved was poor and obscure j £o ho hftd.litilo to tditr. Yet what man who really lavas feots no tromoar, no doabt, when hehss.msdo op bin mind to eslt tho great dttciiiing imcetioD f . ' - Evetytbiti? - Was in John Grauam'e favoar, yot bis heart boat "like a prisoner uHniiliii? tho bare," as lio waitod for Oon atunoe Thorns in tho splecdid parloar of hot employer that uight.' A? he pneed the velvet floor, restlessly, he thought pf her m he had always st?n her, ia lier' d?cp mourning—for she wen a young widow—tho Bouibt? crap* and ?Uk only' slightly subduing the sptoudour of her beiiUty. The deep blue eye?, the peaoh- Uke hae of her choekt, the bronze hair, with the aunabinu ssleop in it; .the force, the ohniacWr, yet the sudnesa of the whole face, ac It it had a history, h?d appealed to all ttiat was poetic ot chivalrous iv hia oatar*. It wan the kind oi face to make all men knlght-errants, to kindle hsroio daring, to w.iken noble aspirations. Never, if he oould win this woman, would ho cully hie mmdi or sUln his conscience again with each deeds as— Hush I ho wonld not think of It in her prosonoo; and ho heard the silken, eoft tuatlo of hor, dresii. Then, as aho ontered, ho saw tho fltiah deepen on her ohook, ftnd it gave;him Oburago, '??>.?:'?.:??< ? ? .:?:'? ?''- : Ho had pleftttud many canac?, , bat none so ditiloult as hU ; own.:: All hie- eloqnenoe : aeemed to (all away from him in tbia woman'e preeepco. ?Hβ waa hamblo, aa trae love alwaye makea a man.??.' Skill;: ho'had duoidod that he would know his fato thot .night/ . '? ,y???; .?,?,,?? v , Vs-.y:.| "You ere not 'happy"-'bbre',"; lio Bsid, '?' Couetanoe"—it vrae the first '? timo he had called her hy thia name, and Bbo felt a pra monition of what -was toy follow. " Oon utnuccy I have anothor ettnatioa to ofler yoa." ::?.?'???'??'. /: ?--??'' :: y:yv'- : ; !.' : '.' : ' : She fluehed, but onlyyemiled. '?'? '?} ; [?'?'-')".:': ?'Thureiabut bnepupili he is ready' to learn j will never be refraatory.y.'The home la not bo splendid as ."-title, but (hMo is a wurmet : welcome—a:teart full'oi lovo for :youi" .': ????.?'??'. ?-..; . . ; ; : : : , '/'U..'....;.;:>- '..??*'? : --':"y:V. '"'?':? VNo.' J!am cob happy hore,":sue Bald; "bat I am not sure that I can ever be happy _?galn." : -:??'.' ?"? : '. :-?/ :' ; :: y f ;?;?.?':?;/?.:;???? ..y :.'-??. ??:?????. , : '.?????'?f.Oh,' you mosb. axe 'no yoabg. Life did not-finish fur you " he ; glanced at her black dress lind paused. : . " I must toll you my story," she said, iann ''agitated voice,."and then you must, jutig* whether the—eituatioujli) Btill open to mc," with?forced smile. '. ' y : . :.'S There ia co uued to go into ihe past, Conetance," Graham said. "1 am content. I know you cc jrou are j , that auffious tor mc. Let the past, with its shadows, flee, away for iever. l>lll tske cure of ttio futnro." ? ..." Ah, if quo could," answered Canntanbe, withn ahiver, "if one could blot it all out aa with a sponge 1 But it does return; its shadows' blaoken all our eanshine." : . Graham wondered if ehohnd loved her lost husbaud bo well. V 11 You and all other happy people.: oannot understand my words," .sue.' said after a moment'spftns?.Beeming to bring herthoughts back with an effort from .sumo far-off point to which they bad travelled. "I rauet toll you my atory." " If you muet then." "Yen. They do not kuow it here. It might have teeu lv the way of my gutting the situation. You pity ine here. Well, it is Infinitely better than I ever had boforo my husband mot mc. ' I was ah orphan without tolatiyo. He pitied mc so the* he was ready to doany thingto riiuouo mc fromeuoh a lite. He was only a clerk, and should not havo burdened hioiaelf with n wife, but he riiked all for mc. He took a little, cottage iv tho suburb of a ntlghbpuring town. It ? who iuruinhud in the ainipl?et miinner, but it fleeincd psradide to mo. The rosee at the wludow~ah, mo I will any other roses evor smell an oweet?" and'too speaker grow silent, and seemed lost lii a painful dream. Jphn Grahem movud unewlly. These memories maddentd him. He. would gladly have cut th?m short If ho oould. After an unoaey moment of waiting, he could cot refrain from saying— ???.'- . "And ycu lovod him so much, Constance; this man who wan no happy as to , iiod you arat? Do not make mc envy him in hia grave,",. , ?'.: ".???. ?' '? ?'. ?;. .?'.... She looked at him, and a ghaotly pullor' seotuKd to blanch hor olieok. " Buvy him 1 Oh, heaven I and ho died on ,thuso?Uuld 1" : Then ft hush like death loomed to fall upon them; and whon Johu Greham etrovu to spenk his rigid lips would form no words. ? "Y?i.' I ?co you arofroaun with the horror o< it 1" cried Constance, pnoelonately. " I knew I hud only to toll my story, and all men, and wouieu too, would fall awuy from mc, the marderer'a wife. Myypoor Louis 1 I kflow hu, wan innocent, but. I could;do nothing. Tho'maddetiiojj thought prpaftated mc. As tho trial went on Igruw mote-and more obliviouo. Was It kind, providential, ua the good people say,.that oven ray puuy holp wan made unavailing ? I lay scorched wUn fevur whila my huabiind's 1110 wie ?wora away. 1 was rayiug ?? delirium thu doy, ttie Irttal day of his execution, i-.tul (or weeks after." '. '? ?. ..-'.. '.??.;..;. ????.-.'."..?' -.. .;? An awful horror begsu to. creep through: every, vein of tho man who lUtontid to tbute passionate word*. Tho wouun.that ho loved, who was she? lie tried to atk thequcetloui but ouce more his lipa refused'to.tpeiiki iiU braiu whirled so tbat.he could not form hm thoughts Into words. -He waited, then, hi the.Brim* Btony Eilenoe. Aud Mt?. Thorna; lookta at him curioii*iy, with & ninking of thu heart. She waa not indiUeren!. . to him. :- In (uct, Iα mind, ?ad mAnner h* vjtu infinitely übovo thu plain youag mm who had wou hoc girliuhhjnd, . , . . A. ptluful tremor ran through her voico when uku epokd ag*in. ?' Ah, I feared your lovo could not stand thia tcoli—to toko;U^widow ot a man who tiled on the eenil'old to your heart and home. And joii.aro tight. 1 oouldnever bo a* bright and gay as others, Thia has branded my liuari aa with a red-hot iron." Graham had colleoted hlmueU by this time. ',?'" " sfou era wroug," ho BttW, with o painful effort, aud hie voiou uouodod ufar oil. "I love yui). hm all this be forgotten." " VViiat, though 1 shunld toll yoa my trae Dftinoi , Though I should Bay I wub Bertmud'B witu?" eho uitexod iv glad eur priee. " Xoa heard of tho trial ?"..??? . Bortrand'u .wife 1 ;the woman he had so foauy wronged 1 Ooald he take: her to hu heart. Would not the phantom rise u? thin u\& huuut him ior ever r Aud yet could ho not niuku gonio repara tion by tttktug this woman itnd choriihing hint tenderly t Hu had uado her life deso late. (Joald he not make the rest bo bright with affection that tho shadows or the pant would bo forgotten? Like lightning thcee thoughte flaened through hie mind, and ho epoko eguin wilha vuioo that wae low bat firm. . . ... " Ccnstanoe, I sove you.;;* KothiDg that, hae happened, nothiug that cun heppeu, will ohuiijjo luaiJaoi, JHany uu inaoouot man. ban oied oo tbo, eo&tjold.; God forbid that no should lo.ye oar luturo for that. If you oare enough for mo—if you o?n take pity on me—": ?': ; ..,..-.. : . '..-..'. -:. \: ' '::-'?. :? .;: ; ; : "Ah, no," refliad o?asUooo,VfitU * tfti smile, "it is yon who take pit; on mc. .1 have no dower to f bring bat name." ,~'^Z2 ''I urn glad to give jou another,!' ra spo'nded Graham, with an answering smile. " Not that poor Louis ever did on unwottby notion, 1 ' Constanoa went on, eagerly. ?'' Bo wan the violini ot oirotunstsniiut evidence; and the other tide hud a moat eloquent lawyer—l target his name. 01 course, ho behaved Bortrand guilty." .-. ".Let us talk no more of it," cried John - Graham, with an aching heart. - ''Let us ' never apeak ot it again. It la over now— finished irrevocably. We havo oar intsuo now to think about, Jor I will not allow yon to atay here jnnoh longoj, I have wasted too muoU time already, wailing tor tho one woman whole to erqwn myrtle." > And (rem that moment tho talk grew mora lover-like, though all the tnopio-ol it wag in tho minor key, and the shadow ot that scaffold waa thrown over it all. John Graham, walking homo under tho oloar, < starlit sky, .bearing .the (tost; pave ment oliok sharply under Tile step, suddenly remembered what night it wan. Jnat threo years ago ho had ehoeen hia path, wh'?a ohanoo or Providence had suddenly placed, his (ate in hia hand., Yea, three years ago to-night the burly captain had stood in hia office, dripping bom every look ot his lank hair, and told hia simple story. Throe yeara ago; and to-night he was pledged to the wits ot hia viotim, Ah, what a word—victim] Why should that ugly word have intruded on his thoughts? He stepped into a grander office now than tho one in wbioh be had (ought hia battle with Apollyon, and lost. A pleasant light waa diffused through it; a beautiful fire in a low-down grate gave a rosy warmth to it. Aa Graham threw himself into a luxurious arm-chair his hand touched a . letter lying on the table. lie took it up, and saw that the postmark waa from hia old homo. Jt was in Spencer's handwriting, and onalo?ed another— " Hero ia a lotter -which has boon lying for Bomo weeks in tho dead letter oi?cti, and out of pure good nature i send it to you. It may contain something important —some newa of property that may help tho poor young woman. She disappeared from these porta so long ago thut there ia now but v faint rumour that aho is living under a feigned name whoro you are ' lost in the darker depths ot some , great town.' 80 I thought that ,as you had helped her poor husband out of the world—right enough it served him, of course—you would perhaps hunt her up, and Bend her tho eneloeod." Tno enclosed wad a large, aoniowhat soiled-looking letter, directed to ."Mia. Louis Bortrand." '/I will give it to Conatanoo to-morrow night," ho said, aa ho put it in hia pocket. '* How Spencer would opon hia eyes if he knew tho true state ot the oaso." And then ha began to think how tho community in genoral at hia , old homo - would open thoir eyes, and what tonguea would wug over this strange marriage. " It will be a nine days' wonder, and then it will die out," " No ouo will know, that I am tryiug to nako an atonement." Graham suddenly recollected tho lottor tho nest night when ho had boeu talking With _ Constance for an hoar, " Ob, here is something for yon," ho said, handing it 10 her, and explaining tiio olroutn stanoo o( its oomlng. "1 hupo it id only good news." " My good new* oomoa always Irom yon," Oonstanoo answered, taking the letter oara lobblv, with a smile. ' . "Oh, yon must open it. I am curious about your correspondents," Gratiatn said, fcjo Ooii?lanoo opeued it, ami, looking at her whilo she road, John Graham caw her fooo pale before hia eyea/andu low ory oscapud her lips. "What is it?" he cried, springing .up, . "Any hud news?" Cunstanoo had risen too, Shu stood there proudly, with a strange expression in her oyos. " Bead it," eho said, holding tho lottor towards him, " and judgo (or yourself." Graham took tbo letter meohauiaally, wondering why he should road it. Xhp writing was stitl and constrained—on almost illegible liaud. Bat he was a lawyer, and aoouatomod to deoiphor everything. Thus it ran:— '? Ilespoatad Madam, —I tool it my boundon ' rjooty to make known to you, tho' too lato to Bavu him us is gone, a fact or two, which' likewise I eommooniokated to a Iftwyor—Joluv. Graham by name—as provod a damned:', raskil. I bog your pardon, but the thought - oh't riles mc bey ant expression. Fpr I went to him the night afore, end took my uffldavy, as woll ho knows, how I seen auuther man comiu' out ot Halpl&e;'a at a ouitnin hour, aa elands to reason wero not your good nnu at all, (or ho had yaller hair and blue eyes, ,'as wero a suspicious circumstance, aud ought tor havo bin followed up. It was put' dqwn In blnok and white, and ho said it would st?nd. So I wont oft on a long oruuto with a quiet heart, and when I arrives tho other day, I hear* that your lumouted husband, ia executed, and no mention mado ot ouybqdy else, or suepioion, or nothin' about thatehap I Been comin' out. In short, that era lawyer, ' John Graham, had cooked up Ins case afore ho seen mc, and he warn't goin' to spile:it with tho.truth. He's a wiUiu', and ot ever.l ineot him I'll tell him so; and of he can bo tried for it, I'll present him, (or he murdered your liusbund aa surely aa that other teller did Ualpino. So, no more at present trom . your diuud and well-wisher, " InoiiA? Bbowbb." Long beloto ho had uniihed thin letter ' John Graham felt the hot bl?od surging to hia head and a strange singing in hia-ears.' Ue know whose eye was upon bim, iwd ho* quailed utterly. Ue dared not look up. . "is it truu ?" Oonstanaa said, at last, alter - woitiug vaiuly tor somo word. "it ia truu 1" Graham (altered, feeling that hie doom waa sealed. Ue had stooped to much, bat he oonld not Ho to this woman. Ho tult that hur oloar eyes looked into his very soul. ?' ? " Ttieu nothing remains but for yon to go," Oonstanoo Said, in a clear voioo. "Have you nothing olae w say to mat" Graham pleaded, In a pitsoua voice. " Nothing, aave to advise you to leavo this city, for, yoa sue, this man can spoil your ' practice"," Constance went on, pitilessly. ". Is there no hope, Goussanoe," lie urged. "None," she ' answered, lirinly. "My only hope ia never to tieo your (ace again." JohnjGrabamlookedonooon the lace which was all toe world to bhu, and then, like-Adam o( old, waa driven from that paradise otiova (or his sin. Ho wont out into : tho wllder nuss, desolate aud baru (or him tor ever. -The Jfttr West, that reioge tor all, seemed to oflur a home whoro his lama and his intamy ' woro alike unknown, and there ho lived his We. A -rouKO.woman whoj had never taafnad . the gentle art of cookery, being desirona ot impressing her husband with hoc knowledge aud dtUgenee, manages to havo her kitchen door ajar on the day after their rotorn trora tho briuul trip, and just as h? lord comw in from tho onico, ex<UaJ?ts loudly—" Hurry np, Eliza, dot JUvan't yoa washed- tbo letiaco yoil Hew, giro it to oe; wJwm's 