A WAE&NAUBOOL; GHOST STORY. (standard.) A haunted house in Warrnambool is such a novelty that we give the following ghost story for what it is worth. There is a house in Henna-street in which a young woman died some time since, under circumstances which gave rise to unpleasant rumours at the time, The house is now inhabited by Mr. J. UnnmiKT vlll) 1R ffLtllf ty\ MH'P AH fka hn«i. nesE of a hay and corn merchant. The appa rition which is said to haunt the premises ap peared first to two sons of the tenant, aged respectively 19 and 25 years of age.. They were sleeping in a small room of the house, to the window of which on nigbt in question there was no blind. The .elder brother states that about two o'clock in 'the morning he was awakened by feeling some thing like a rush of cold air over his face. Thinking that the door or window of the apartment was open, lie oast his /eyes towards each, but observed that they were closed. On settling down again he was considerably startled at seeing tiie, figure of a woman standing by the fireplace a tew feet from him The figure was dad in Aa»l- clothes with a kind of cowl over the, bead. The "pale glimpses of the moon4' which found their way into the chamber were not sufficient to define the %»»» |so tv.at its features could not be disiepied. V. itl\ d-ns: lei able ire-'Matitm . .l;tiaing tuiDm w awaken hi« brother moment took his eyes off the figure! ' ' In that moment it vanished. Manning aalr«d his brother to get a light, without saying a word of the spectral appearance. Tha younger man rose up in bed to getn mateh from his garment, and he WYSHfnffiediflfifly rendered speechless by an uppnlmnnri in the corner of the -room. When he recovered his speech, he ejaculated th thfro wm. a figure m the f corner, ahdHrfMafeu ' under tire bed' t manhood to the rescue, the two stalwart specimens of genus homo— made up their minds to solve the mystery. It may be here said that the one who/ first rsaw the spectre did mrt see $ jumnfaftk losing right of it at thelireplace. Theybotii iwp .together to "lay the ghost," but on going to the comer they saw— nothing. Tha door of the room was dosed so was the wind6w,both bring as they Wj left them when they had retired to rest. Such is their story, and so thoroughly impressed-are they .that they saw an apparition that <5ieifiiSbf them have slept in the room since, but have taken up their .quarters in the front room of the house. Every night the slewing rooms of .Iip family are now iUnminated aw A are kept burning till morning, in dread of the viritrtion. . It is probably becatuae Sthe; family were expecting a re-appearance of the apparition that it was again seen a few nightB after its first visit, ana this tim<» by the father.- . Manning pdre was lying awake uand > looking through the open door , of - his' be&-i room into the room where his sons weresleep- ; ing beymid, when a grey figure with a cowl over its head, such as described . by -the younger son, passed slowly acmes the voom. It-appearatas if -it had gained flnfannw ,by t the. front door, but both front doors were fannd locked after Ahe disappearance tof the figure. There is no doaht jbqt? that, fiie , inmates of the house have had a great fright from some cause or other, and there is a 4f pteotionto connect the disturbing element ? uith the manes of the poor giri who brertbdf her last inthe house under such circum stances that an' investigation into the' cause 1 of her death was rendered necessary. '! Mr. HiRcodfB is the hajtressarioyrho is i about to affaira far "Afammftfii Australiah Minstrels," who propose electri fying Endand,-andMy. Rirhtnond ThatchVr 