CA4BLE NEWS. Accordingr to the cable messages which we publish to-day, the "'Pall Mall Gazette'" is anxious that colonial qucotions, whlich have occupied such prominence in the uttearnces of home shtatsmen of late, should not now he lost sight of, andt urges up~on the Liberals to settle the qucstiou of the Imperial defence of the colonies. The "Pall Manll Gazette" alsa suggeste that nosy, when commercial treaties are beiung disuouseid with foreign poives, is favoualisl~ timec to luspresa open those colonlies farvouring pesteetiirn the advantage of a better unloteratandingo on thle subject of tariffs. Sir Charles Garann fluffy, Ilas b~een asked to become a *endtiatsnt fur Meathl, the seat to whlich Mlr. Paruecll wa, elected. soil w~hich lie has declined toaccepis p'referring, to sit for Cork. Sir Ganent Wrolseley i to have the chief coismand in India, tis succession to Sir P?. P. h~iome. The Ilanlse towrns of L~ubckl and firemen are also to be included 'vith Homburgo in the Zolleerein Isy thle Germanl Gcromeult. The death of Sir 151FRlwad Ifyre lYihlisms, who as M~r Justice Williamns occupteiel for many years the p~ositionl of judge of the Supremee Court of Victoria, s isnIIIOUIOseul by telegraph Seine panrticulalrs 'if his career arc given elsewhere.-'" Argus~" Thsirsday, A UsEFUnL Ilotese -A nrnel oystcm of becd-sswiit~, anld one that rivals the work of machiner~y for speedl, is (sa~ys tha ")Arart Atlvertiser"? paltrsullscd at Chanllicuin by a farmer namedt Ml~lona~ld. Instcad of wanlkitlgr over the Ititd ott foot, carrying~ the grirnn and scattering it breidraswt, M~r. M'D~otsital has fria~lu ahorec to waik slowly op' thea ferrows, between the lands, which are ploeg'hed a suitable widthl, anld carrying thue seed on the saddle its front of hint, ocatlers it as hogoes along. B3y this means he s enabled to cover half ths land on each side of him, and returning slown the next slivisionl he comnpletes the half left on ons side of him attd sews also half of smothler one. Thoe horse ap~parently quite understands the work never steppl~itte out of the furrow, and turn ing at the end of the field into the divisionl hetweon the cxct two lamids. By thit aid \vo arc informed. forty acres per day can he sowvn, andt thee the wrkoh is not oslj pecr feinted spreedily, but advantage can he takems of a suitable day atsd a luarge rea put inl at slice. Itwnill be remoisberodl (says thu ''Argus') that greart siubragc was taken b~y thu Jcwish cunstoieity hero to thce selectionl of Satur day as thu dlay of geoneral election for the Legislative Aessiubly, A correspondecnt calls osr attention to the? fact that thle samr objection was talken ini E6ngland to tho hlolding of elections on Friday andl Saturday, 2ncd and 3rd Ap~ril, these bLog Jewvish festivals, onl which "the Jewishlasvn foriuids wi itinganud ridling~ or dlrivingr." In every instance its Englanld the data of the elections wa~s altered to salt this conscientious objection. Hecrs it will ho rememberedl thu Berry tisrerument refosed to make the concession. The latest swrindle in America is sty~led "censss~taking." A genitlemanlly fellow drives up wvith blanks for statistics on thle fsres-hsushels of srhsat. nuisiher of cattle raised, acres undsr cultivation, &c.; Betwveenl tho tables anld tho foot of page, where thb fermer signs his name attestie~g the statemenet. is a blank space, wvhose eisi.tanco is accoun tedi for as affording room for mlcellanesus information,. Ina uonuth more the farmer receives netics frsns a nseighbooring bank that his nete for 150 dollars is dos. He knlows that ths "cenos taker" has filled the blank wvith a preusuiso to pay,· which, bein~g nov~ in the handls of anl inn~ocen~t loluie~r. it will be remombiercil that soon nater the present Government took ofrice they were called upon to appoint a judgc of the County Court, and in order to save expense, tlhey conferred the appointment, without salary, on Mr, Le Poor 'Trench, who then hell and still retains tile position of chairman of the Land-tax Court. Mr. Fisken and Mr. Skenefi the other comulissioners, have since sent in their resignatiunlls. but in onler to keepn the I court alive tlie Oovecrinmet decilded, at a meeting of tile cabinet ycsterday. to al)point his Honior Juidgo NS.el an I Mr. inmny. . Commissioner of 'Titles, as com'issioner.s of the Land-tax Court without salary, The! sitting of the Cabinet wasi not a Iong one, but the provisions of the Land Bill having been at previous sittings thoroughly debatcd, the mcnsuro was finally settled yoeterday, and will be ready to present to Parliament at an early date.-"Telegraph." John WiVLssn, sentenced to three years' in prisonmuent for horsestealing, and James Collins. senltenced to two years' fur burglary, escaled from the Mount Gaumbier goal on the niiht of the Ird inst. Both men (says Soltdh.Eastcrn Star) were secure at U o'clock on titudasy night. but were missing on Mona .low. mne.inr~l Ths.mmr~ Indnel onrl\ knnodtm I in No. ii ccli, wvhich is sccsrcd on tbe outside by a massive bolt faslenedl by a padlock, anil cbs only esplauation of the manner in whicb they effected tbeir release is tbat one of them, probably Collins, who is a carpentcr, managed by inscrtiugo his arms tbrough a square hole in the door, to reach the padlock, and by means of a peice of wire or bent nail, wh~ich he managed to secrete about his person, picked the lock. To scale the wall wans a difficulty the prisoners overcame by wrench ing the door of one of the closets in the enclosure, and by placing it agninot the wall, lessened the distance to the top considerably. The two must of stood on the upper cross piece, and one assisted the other to gain a position on the ivall, from which he must have helped his eumlsanion to follow. They then *~edi some twine to the ventilater, and le.L themselves into the adjoining paddeck. the twine having been secreted on the lire. visas day when they were employed sewing bags. information ivas immediately con veyed to the pdlice, ivho quickly scoured the country, eo far without result. A test; trial of telep~hones was mails this morning on lines laid down between the ros juiece i111 iUSiWom nouse, mue 5Usriu ments submitted being those known as Edwards'e, and Edison's and Bell's combined. The latter is presumed to be the best now in use in the United States; the former is of colonial manufacture. At the Post Offico the Premier and Mr. Jackson conducted the experiments; at the Custom Honse the Commissioner of Customs and the hon. Mr. Bromell officiated. Conversetions on in different subjects were carriedon for about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour with either instrument alternately; and at the expiration of that period Mr. Service expressed an opinion that the Amorican instrument was the better of the two, although the only fault of the other seemed to be in the construction of the receiver. The trials were watched at both ends by numbers of the employes, who will be inriterested from a business point of view in the selection made.-" Herald" Thursday. Our ("Telegraph" Tlhursay) cabled grams, dated yesterday, contain the information that the elections rendered necessary by tlhe acceptance of oftic i the new Liberal Admlsisrration were completed on Satutrday night, and that all the Ministers have been re olected, with the exception of Sir Vernon Harcourt. Mr. ~V. It. Uxenford, of C'oomera, wr1ites the "BLfribal ne Coulrier" of Ap~ril 30thl, nas handed us a sample of rice gro~wn by hlim fromu seed supplied to him by the hoard of inquiry. The auupnle, Mr. O~enfnlrd explains, is not intended to show thce quality of vice. that can be grolaOW at Ooolnera, as it was ao'vn out of season, and theretore under tOl~t disadlvanrtageouss cir~cum stances, bt. rath~er to show dui~t rice can be made one of our stuldarnl crops. Such an opinion, coming froml soch a thloroughly practical sl~uree, is of' great. valure, andr augurs well for the future o~f our· coast lanld farIuicre. It hals nowY be~en liarcticllly demuonstrated that rice cmt be gr~own all alongn the coalst, and it only remains for our farmers to ascertain the hecft milling va~rieties before celtivating the plant on a large scale. Renter's messagnes publishedl this morningn contain several imuportant and intercariog items. 'rhe frozen meat schemle Is~ attracte~d so mulch at tention iii Ealglaiid, ow~ing to thle successi of the recelit e~xperimmelitmil shlip ments, tha~t tI,~ promilectus~ oh a co.lu paLny h~as Is-eon issued in L~ondon of "thle Colonial Fesh MeIat Comp~any." The nominal capita~l is £2300,000, of whiebr amounlt at p~resent only harlf will be carlled up, and operations alrc to he commenncedl as sonel as thle recquired .sum is sulmscrjh~ed. This ihet should serIve uls a sp~ar to thle exertions of thle Atis trudianl compawimis. Whecn so· moe1' coidimlence io: ther succesq of thle venltur~e lIesR heen excited at himmme, thler~e shlould be little di~ticalty in obtaining ~thc re· quired capital in the onlihes. Freo trade sentiments are gradually being Iacquired in America. WVe I:lve another instance of this in the fact that a special committooee of the IHouse of Re(lresentia tives at Washiugton has been appninted fot the lu pose of revising the United States Customs tariff, and it Ihas been decided that the dity on foreign wool lshall be materially reduced. We need hardly point to the benefits which will accrue from this step to the Australian wool-grower. The trial of the ausassin of the Russian Colonel Commoroff, who was moirtally wounded at Stainboul recently, has resulted in his conviction and sentence to death. Sir Williamn Vornon laroourt, the success u. Liberal catudidjate for the representation of Uxtorl, and who was appointed to tilhe post of Secretary of State for the Home Department. in the Gladstone Adminis tration, has failed to secure Ils re election on his return t, his oon stituents for approval. Sir. William occupied a post in Mr. Gladstone's former Ministrv. Reuter's message desigunates Sir William "'tlo new At torney-General," This is evidently a mistake, as Sir Henry James Q.O., was, by a previous message, reported to have been appointed to that office. Mr. Gladstone's son Herbert, who was rejected by tile county of Middlesex, has been returned without opposition for Leeds and Midlothian, but elected to retain his seat [or Midlothian. Tile Leeds electors have, in his son, still secured a Gladstone as their represen tative. The Board of Trade returns show an increase in exports and im ports, as compaled with the corres ponding quarter of last year. In wool there was on Friday "a slightly im proved tendency noticeable," while at Saturday's sales "a hetter feeling was manifested, and thlre was a fiir demand generally." For Australian hides there is a lair demand for most descriptions, and beef and mutton tallow are reported to sllhow a raise of Gd.--"Teleg: apli," Monday. From the "Tleg'rapih" we learn that a meeting of the Irish Famine Relief Fund wats held on Monday afternoon at tlie Town I-all. Sir John »',Sha n:issy occupied the chair, and the following muembors of the coumnittee present :- \Lstss. W. J. Daly, .\l'Gui g,,in, ?Iclrnei,'uey, I[lod, Cross, Fagain, T'obiu, White, Giaus,,n, the Rev. Dr. COrbet', and Mr. FitZgibbou. Tihe comiiuittee's report was real. which hllowed that up to the piresent time the sulbscriptions received amounted to ,£31,040. It was resolved to formally adilt the, report wlhen several minor sums had been received from the up country distlicts, which hdh not yet come ini. It was unanimously resolved to present each of the lion. secretaries of the fund with a gol 1 watoL as a memnento of tihe able and willin services whichl thley had renderec d to the commlittee. TIhe chairmann stated he hald receiveul a telegralm from thle Lord Mayor of Dabhin, asking whether they could raise additional money by a lottery, as the food in Ireland was running out5 and there was still very much distress, to which he (the chairman) replied in the negative, as he thougaht that the people of Victoria havlingr sobsoxibed so liberally, a lottery wvould not take; besides whichl, hie thoughlt the majority of the people had a decided objection to lotteries. After a vote of thanks to tbE chairman, vice chairman (MIr. Dalsy), the M~aynI of MCelbourne, and Mr. Fitzgibbon, the meeting terminated. THnn HanIILToN GHosT SToav.-Ia re ference to the statement copied iron, the "Geelongi Advertiser" into our columns regisrding the late Archdeacon Innes, the "hamlton Spectator" remarks :--'Noiv, in reference to the above, it may he stated, thant Mlr. Lissiman did not thie at wrote that he saw Mlr. L~issiman 'standingi at tho study table,' nor anywhecre else after death. What thle archdeacon really wrote was ahown to us with a request that we would not publish it, as it could ilo no good, anld mightl hurt the feeling of his relatives. As some othcer friend of the famib' hlas, howrever, with questionablc tasts, thloaght proper to flurisis a very distorted versionl of thle aUl'sir to the public, wfe have been asked to state thant, the morning heforo hris deathr, thle Yen. Arhdeasdous, Ilmes wrote and gave thle Rev. .r. ~V. Arnold, a memo, of whlich, thle followving is a copy, via:- 'A few a ghts9 after poor Uissiman's death? I wfas in thle hrouseaone~n, and hris roons rattled o, tha~t I ranl up to see whant it was, I lookecd into the? 'dark' room and 'sawF nothing,' so I said, withi a Isuith to mlyself. "It, must ha old Liasiman. What do you wannt ?' Then I hlad an anoswr, nog 'audiible,' but authl as 'possibly' a spirit can convey, "1Never mind, you'll followP me soon. It was ainsnlar, I never told anybody.' Mlr. Lissiman ll ied a monthl before thle archldeacon, and thle latter expired loss thanl twosty four hours after writing thant singunlar memo, we have been called uponl to publish. must be paid by the unlucky (lope. The M~inister of Railayse (Thursday's "AXrgus" says) was beset again ye~sterdany by deputattions from 10 a.ns. until 41 o'clock in the aftomnoon. Heu svas asked for the constrection of lines to M\erboo in Gippa land to Mans1fie'ld, via T;ea; to Campardown from L'olae; to Donald1, via Macrtea and IlepanYaP; to Donald, via St. Arnaudt and Warracknaheal and to the Ballarat rscs* oourse. M~r. Gillies assa~red the applicants that justice w~ould be done to their dlistricts as far as pesaibic. lie was also waited upan by a number ofdeputations on matters of minor importance-Such as the erection at sidings and alteration of fares andl time,' 