ESc i Frsna lectured before t t~ en.C Teachers' Insti i"l- nighle? rtlonth?e vryinteresting su ?W't of $TThe Planetary Conjunction of 1SS1." Theprediction ofastronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets, brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and a score of other birds of ill omen who, backed by the recent appearance of the plague, having predicted the most awful state of aflhirs to be inaugurated in 1881, and to con tinue till 1SS7, during which fearfiul epidemics shall prevail, crime mulitiply, the elements continue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, the earth open and swallow up towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and waters become poison, and the devil be lossed in reality to work more desolation and ruin all in the earth. Lately in this State a so-called professor has issued a book in which lie has prophesied, from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth, and Mars, that there shall occur all the foregoing recited, and a hundred other woes fall upon the earth, and that the devilry and destruction is to begin in 1881\. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for his faith. He illustrated his re marks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magic lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with things now present. The world is ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Somehow the forward outlook is never calm and cloudless. It is also natural that men should look to pivotal events in nature, such as the completion of astronomical cycles, as being likely to involve great crises in human affairs. The remarkable plane tary apposition of the year 1881 has especially appealed to human super stition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled " The Voice of the Stars," which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the years 1880 and 1887, including the annihilation of the Chineseraceand the death of15,000,(00 Americans from the plague; terrible stoims, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's "Pyramid Religion," and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substan tially agreeing that The world to an end shall come In 1881. He said that the prophecy of the old woman seemed to still have vitality, although the publisher of the " Shipton Almanac" has orenly confessed that he added the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this super stition and nonsensese ? The lecturer presented Professor D)elarue's theory of the relation of planetary conjunctions to sun spots; showed diagrams illus trating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary conjunctions upon the atmos phere of the sun. He then exhibited a diagram, shoning the positi, n of the planets Octoler 31st, 1881 ; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly ina straight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a similiar aspect of the planets will not occur for many thousands of years. If it is possible for the master planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be mani fested. Nevertheless, the planets are enormously distant. Their attractive force varies inversely as the square of the distance. It is hardly conceivable that mere gravitation could pioduce any such effect as the foretold disaster. The only remaining theory is that of a hypothetical electric inter-action be tween the sun and planets. This is Out the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coincidence in times between such conjunctions and atmospheric disturb ances, where the theory of great re sulting evils failed utterly, and then read the following letter from Pro fessor Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer: "H·. B. Norton-Dear Sir--Your note of enquiry is received. I answer briefly as follows:-First-Your en closed diagram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second-It is true that the planets will be somewhat nearer.their perihelia than is usual at heliocentric conjunctions. Third There is no good reason for expecting remarkable disturbances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delarue thought that he had dis covered a relation lbetween them and sun spots, but latest researches fail to substantiate the theory. Scientific astronomers consider the new gospel of Piazza Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equivalent to that of Mother Goose--Yours, very truly Csuazzs A. Youxo." . Summing up tlhe evidence, Profe?.or Norton said = " We are justifiedal in concluding that science has thusp far givena us no definite -reason for expect ing the-great tribulation. Neverthe less if public excitement shall cause smen to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives, we may be thankful for the 'voice' from the tombs,' uttered by Piazzi Smith, and the woeful forecast attribuitedl.to Mother Shipton." 