[?] Not being much in the stellar line of business, I am 'lieved to say that I do not sufficiently understand Professor Proctor, to be able to give him the large and adequate welcome he so well deserves, but being intelligent enough to see that he stands on the plat form of truth— that he neither wears sackcloth, nor yells 'Ichabod,' I must give him what may be termed a lav ffieetinc : therefore, by your leave : — Hail Richard Proctor! years and years ago, Ere Dan O'Connor left his slippered case, Before liis native country's gods to ' blow,' I read you, sitting near the dip of seas And wondered greatly ; but of course you know Mere niggers lease these dim antipodes ! ?U least, a certain Yank has told us so, — It's hardly fair, I think, to scold us so. I'm quite aware my rhyming isn't good ; But let me change the subject, Great Orion Will doubtless charm you, asindeed he should. He's just the gent that Tebbutt keeps a spy on. But other stars shine o'er our solitude My unsophisticated English lion. Allow me, monsieur J This is Mac you see And that is Dave— in each a ' crack,' you see. I use a horsey word ; but, nevermind There's Hughey Taylor. One time we had ease When Cowper ruled and others of his kind, (And with my words Sir Henry P. agrees.) Bui ah! the days have sadly changed we find Since Hughey joined our public Pleiades, Our Pleiades consist of six or seven Bold 6tars you see some miles this side of heaven. I don't suppose you'll catalogue this crowd Not one is of the size of Jupiter, Although Jack Lucas is by all allowed To be a very heavy soup-eater, And Lalor's nose is just a trifle loud (But then you cannot help your hue, Peter I), And Mac is deemed the rowdiest ' cuss ' alive, And Davie's fighting might is ten ' stun' five. These are our stars, or some of them at least; But I will bet, in spite of Mr. Terry, you, being starry Science's leading priest, Will take no note of them or even Berrv. Which, seeing that certain tongues are greased For oily welcome, will be cruel very. But let them rip ! When you to our hotel come. We'll treat you to a hearty English -welcome. Temora has attracted its share of gamblers and magsmen, and regular ' schools' are carried out in the Lower Township. A friend, fresh from the rush, informs me that during one of the days of his stay he saw £375 won by one fellow by that simple process known as heading-'em. I The Unemployed at TeJnofd, Oh, the fret and the fume of it ! Oh, the toil and the spoil of it ! Darling Victoria, what is the cause of it: Are you sick, and are the doctors busy about you, or so surpassing lovely those eager suitors strive for you, They are cutting and carving and dividing you; they are pulling you hither and thither, and blocking you mercilessly about in an awfu' — an awfu' mirk. Women and children are the creatures and slaves of impulse, we are told. You are a creature of impulse, dear Victoria. You are just a fair fickle female thing. \ ou have grown great as women grow beautiful, . by virtue of God's good gifts, despite moods and whims, and follies and wickedness, without end. Your im pulses have led you to fortune and fame. You have been just as lucky as that butterman we laughed at in 'Our Boys,' with whom five-shilling pieces blossomed into 'fi'- pun* notes' as by a natural process. But — it's aye a wearisome sound that but — 1 fear me you have gathered the roses of all your youthful summers. You have ended your merry flirtations ^ with bountiful Nature. She has placed a bridegroom before you, stern and rugged, but with heart of gold. He reads the marriage ^vrs, and breathes the benediction : 'Labour and wait, fiuiter and be strong; be patient and gather great lenard.' You will not listen. The satyrs dance around, and lure you with theii pipes. ' Come with 1Ue'i 0ne' ' wor^ng men and men who never u arked, hungry men and men who never earned a meal, follow me and swear by me ; the rosy palmy are never dead.' ' Come with me,' saith another, ' and we will solace our selves with a calm platonic love; all things Ji are very weH.' ' Come with me,' saith a A.' an-^ ^ swear by candle, book, and bell to give }ou the quietude of holy peace.' Poor Victoria ! you ^,0?^ 'with them all by turns. By the spirit Vi ' a sorry spectacle — a play not worth the naie. The only consolation in it is, that it must soon be ended. ovf' ky name and nature, friends, I may be an/ied,asPlce fo% occasionally ; for, if of the high j i,/ or^er of wisdom's children, I would not f . °ut make. And you may charge me with ? f m ,at paragraph now penned, but I tell you it ?ely true* I know a lot about Victoria Inn, kut that I am willing to allow you to a lot more) ; I have meddled there as elsewhere Ii,, down, north and south, east and west of o°h . 7' 'ke old time, the hills were full rnmfi 5' .how Melbourne grew magnificent and Ballarat crowned the red hills, and shoo ° rose uPon the sand dunes ; and, later on, how » P an,i squatters rich upon the plains of wViPsf3 and then how men discovered that am™. (? t Sr°w' an(^ Pay for growing; how any I,.Jt °* weapons were beaten into ploughshares ; hungry Teutons, [with the bailiff at their heels, came skurrying across from Mount Gambier, and in a couple of years could sing lustily, ' Gott mit uns !' and_ chink bags of Ruchsmarks upon the Wimmera Plains ; and how Paddy from Cork, and Jock from the Clyde, and Hodge from Clumptonshire, went out upon the Terrick Downs, the Turpentine Flats, Goulburn and Campaspe valleys, and Gippsland Plains, and grew fat and lusty and strong ; but I know, more over, that just as the gold became hard to seek so the plough became hard to draw. Victoria was not all a broad alluvial flat, and wheat would not alwaj's bring 6s. a bushel, because several other outside principalities found that they had a few acres of land that might possibly grow wheat, and — well, you know, we might have bought your wheat a little longer, but you would not take so much as a stick of tobacco by way uf exchange ; that old protection business you know, but never mind it. You couldn't make a fortune at farming, at least everybody couldn't ; and so farming was voted slow, and mining had become slow, uncommonly slow, and manufacturing had become slow, and the whole machine of the State had become slow, most cursedly slow, and you had become possessed of a rabid melan choly, a cantankerous spleen, a nasty-tempered dis content. Poor darling, it is always sad when j'oung females become affected that way, and the doctors tell us there is but one ' cure. Black Wednesdays and land taxes won't cure ; pro tection duties and isolating policies are only nasty doctor's stuff that will keep you still in a bad way. Give over this idle dream of fortune, fleeting and evanescent wealth. Marry that bride groom—grim but goodly- and become content. Have you a good man in all your hosts ? Crown him, cherish him, honour and obey him. We would lend you Sir Henry, but then you might not use him well. Do something, for heaven's sake. The balmy breath of gentle Spring has not only drawn the flowers, but also the fair sex, from their retirement. Nature is awakened ; the attractions of the bright sunshine and its sense of new life, have drawn forth our Australian beauties. They are to the fore, ana our block is once more radiant ! ' By Jove, Maori is right,' cried I, as I strolled through the busy and variegated crowd the ether afternoon, and watchecl the lovely specimens of our antipodean ladies as they glided here and there on their various missions. There was the handsome matron leading her blushing daughters with .whom she vied in beauty, though it may be of a more mellowed kind ; there was the brunette, the blonde, the sparkling eye, and the demure and downcast lid, — and so they passed in re view. It was easily perceptible that fashion was much studied amongst them, as one got a peep here and there of the little heel, and saw the latest mode in the tied back dress. Everything was quite Parisienne. But how is it, thought I, that embonpoint is the distinguishing characteristic ? Beautifully plump as the dove — full and rounded as the famous Venus de Medici — was every memb er of the gentle doers of the block. Some mystery lies here to be unfathomed? I would most respectfully submit that thinness cannot have altogether departed from womankind, the larger as well as the fairer half of creation ! Yet no scraggy figure did I behold, but all were substantial and solid-looking. A young friend of mine cut short my reflections by thrusting his arm through mine, saying, ' Is this not a pleasant scene ? But why, old cynic, this puzzled look ? ' ' Indeed,' replied I tartly, ' I was lost in admiration at the improvement fashion has wrought in the figure of Miss Brown yonder,' who was gliding past us in sylph-like form. ' I danced with her some months ago, and then shew as angular and gaunt, now 6he would supply a model for the sculptor.' ' Ascribe the change to amiability, dear Mr. Meddler,' said he, ' and the desire to please which so graces the fair sex. To this virtue is it that we owe half our pleasures. Don't too critically probe into the means employed.' How Anthony Trollope would delight in Mr. Proctor's quiet way of making us feel ourselves to be miserable little atoms crawling on a globe which is an almost indefinite speck on a tiny corner of the infinite universe ! Anthony went at us in the sledge hammer style— ' Too much blow!' you know; and really, after the triumph of the Australian Eleven and Trickett's victory, and the place we take in the march of intellect, we were begin ning to pat ourselves on the back. But here comes this astronomer, with his hundreds of millions of worlds at the same stage as this, and his airy way of running into figures and distances which give you a headache, and his crushing fact that the most powerful telescope puny man on an in significant planet can make only reveals more fully the absolute infinity of systems to which ours is a trifle ; until one begins to feel very small beer, indeed, and the philosophic vagabond is still further en couraged to despise the riches of earth and to do no more work than he can help. Madame X., Astiste en Cobset. (See daily advertisements.) I That cleanliness is next to Godliness has grown into I I an axiom, but so thinks not a worthy alderman of ? Parramatta, for he loudly and boldly proclaims him self opposed to the absurd habit of washing oneself. He is no slave to custom, not he. He is a self- confessed dirty man. He opposed the motion that baths should be erected at Parramatta. ' He didn't see why the Council should go to the expense of putting up baths for the people.' ' He hadn't had a bath for forty years,' and yet he was a ' perfectly healthy man.' He pointed [to himself, with, his * accumulations of nearly half a century upon him, cased, encrusted, hardened as it were agaist the assaults of the air, and he gloried thereon. He wastes no time in the morn ings, neither does he waste the precious water ; oh, no. Baths, indeed ! 'What is the colony coming to ? Luxury and effeminacy sappingjour energies. Baths, indeed ! New fangled notions and absurdities. Have we nothing else to do save washing ourselves? I have known some weak people who really — not being partial to water — take great pains to conceal the fact ; are hypocrites on the point ; assume the virtue, as they have it not ; but here is an outspoken man, with no sickly sentimentality about him. The fever of travel has seized Australians, and they may be found now in every habitable part of the globe. Each wandering colonist is sure to meet with well-known faces in every city he may happen to visit. For instance, a young gentleman who recentlif sailed for San Francisco is certain to be greeted on his arrival there by an old Sydney friend. There are two things I would not like to do. One, to be Milner Stephen's doorkeeper the day he performs free ; the other, to stand under that money-box at the School of Arts when Proctor is going to lecture. Has it bones, that money-box ? If so, they must last night tiave been most unmercifully raddled. There was a stonu upon its photosphere that must have rivalled in intensity those terrible disturbances the astro nomer describes as raging so fiercely upon the atmo spheric envelope of the sun. Awave of bodies, with crest af tumbled hair, with eyes aflame and nostrils fiercely dilated, hurled, precipitated upon it ; and it stood. Ihe heavens be gracious to the honest carpenter who built it. Let no man say we do not yield honour to a prophet in our land. Mr. Proctor comes to us as a prophet, an instructor, a teacher, in the highest sense of the words. He plucks fruit from the high branches of the tree of life, and gives them into our mouths. I calculate that a man of average ability will carry away more astronomy from two hours' listening to Proctor than from two months' hard hammering at dusty tomes of Airey and Herschel, not to go back to Copernicus andTycho Brahe. And for such a boon is he to regard toes, and shins, and elbows, and ribs ! Ah, dastard thought ! I saw an old greybeard there with fourscore years in the wrinkles of his face and his ravelled flaxen hair, and I saw a youth who, six months ago, flung a pegtop upon my most sensitive corn. They saw Proctor, but I didn't. I love, honour, revere Proctor. I would subscribe the price of this column to buy him a bigger crown than Ketten's ; but I won't risk my precious life in the duel a I'outrance before that money-box for two Proctors and Smythe given in. I have seen the Town Hall in Melbourne. Shall I ever look upon its like again ? In Sydney I mean. A fatal accident on a racecourse would seem to be an element of success in a race meeting, according to the telegraphic correspondent of a country journal, who thus records his opinion of last Saturday's meeting: — 'Tattersall's Spring Meeting took place to-day, and was highly successful ; the jockey of Vauxhall in the Tramway Handicap was thrown, and died an hour afterwards.' From my boyhood voyages of discovery have exer cised a strange fascination over me ; especially did I de light in reading the bold attempts to discover the North West Passage. How often, with bated breath, have I followed the hair-breadth adventures of Parry, Ross, poor Franklin, and other heroes of these regions ! These old feelings were strongly aroused by reading of Professor Nordenskiold's triumphant reception in Paris, and his modest and spirited account of the successful voyage just made by the Talma. He gave amusing details of their seven months' stay with the northern tribe called the Tchoukcliis, who rub along the dreary polar winter with the thermometer stand ing at 46* below freezing point : and yet the Professor had to quit the stifling atmosphere of their tents for the 'nipping' air. Here, it appears, the ladies, as well as the sterner sex, indulge in the dreamy luxury of the fragrant weed. Together they smoke the pipe of peace ; as it may truly be called, for no stern remonstrances at the 'nasty odour,' and the 'filthy practice,' greet the husband's ears. A man got lost in the bush the other day in South Australia, and a took a very novel and ready-witted way to extricate himself out of the dilemma. Indeed the idea he hit on to get relief is worth recording. Spying telegraph poles in the distance, he made for them, and cut the wires, knowing that the line repairers would, as soon as they found that the communication was interrupted on the portion of the Hnp that he was on, start off to repair the defect. So he quietly waited until a gang reached the spot, and thus relief was brought him, and they carried him to a border town. This man was equal to an emer gency, and evidently ' knew his way about,' though he did get bushed. Of the numbers who have laughed over the musical burlesque entitled ' Pinafore,'' but few doubtless are aware that the Hon. Hugh C. E. Childers (Hugo Curly-headed Childers, as he is facetiously called) supplied the author with the hero thereof; and yet upon some occasion, when Mr. Childers was First Lord of the Admiralty, lie gave a large /(fo?, to which he asked ' his sisters, his cousins, and his aunts,' and then it was that the idea of 'Pinafore' suggested itself to the mind of the author, who however had the good taste to abstain from introducing Mr. Childers on the stage ' in pro pria persona ,' as it were, and thus caricaturing him in broad or vulgar fashion as iB too freauentlv done. Speaking of scullers, when the New York Spirit of the Times heard that Boyd the Englishman was about to start for America to contest a race, it said : ' Mr. Boyd is of a healthy rowing family, and has no hereditary taint of those dire diseases which afflict certain American scullers. He never has sunstroke, nor cramps, nor vertigo ; he never mistakes the finish line, and thereby throws away a race already won ; he is not liable to injury from invisible wires ; and none of his folio .vers are skilful -with the jack-knife, the gimlet, or the handsaw.' Rather rough on Hanlan and Courtenay, but to the point. The champion scullere of America have just 'kinder' disgusted their countrymen. I have to complain of Mr. Proctor — to protest against liis disillusionizing us. We all thought he knew exactly how old the sun is, and how long the earth is to last ; yet lo ! he cannot even tell us the weather a day ahead. I met him the other evening, and, referring to a threatened change in the weather, asked him if it were likely that we should have rain before morning. Did he begin to describe the action of Saturn's internal heat upon that planet's cloud envelope, or refer to the metallic rains of the sun, or briefly sketch the depth of the caverns upon the surface of the moon, or, in short, give anything like the answer one would expect from such a scientist ? No ; he put his head on one side, stared up at the pockmarked face of that bright old ghost of a world floating above us, and said — just hke any ordinary person — ' Hum, I don't know ; clouds seem to have cleared away ; let us go and have, &c.;' Had he been even oracular and said, ' If it's a fine day to morrow. it won't rain,' I could have forgiven him ; but to tell me nothing, was too bad. And yet he did afford us some information about the week's weather, for Mrs, Gadabout told me she had fixed her picnic for Thursday, on the authority of one of Mr. Proctor's advertisements in Tuesday's Echo. She pointed it out to me; it was, 'The Sun will be repeated on Thursday,' and the good soul felt personally obliged to Mr. Proctor for it. Here is a chain of events which, properly manipu lated, in old times might have given us another tale of witchcraft ; but which actually occurred in Sydney this week, and was explained very prosaically. Mr. Miller sallies into the city to pay for some stock, and has previously provided himself with a sufficiently large cheque enclosed in an envelope addressed to his agent. As he walks along Pitt-street, a playful zephyr twitches the envelope from his pocket, and fans it into the gutter, while Miller, blandly uncon scious, walks on. Coming in an opposite direction, on a 'bus, is Baker, who sees the occurrence and tries, in vain, to draw Miller's attention to his loss. Then Baker stops the 'bus, recovers the letter, sees that he cannot overtake Miller, and so mounts another 'bus, and conveys the precious letter to its destina tion. Miller, in the meantime, has discovered his loss, and, after taking the back track in vain, calls a cab, and posts off to his agent to devise means for stopping payment of the cheque. As he enters the office, hot and flurried, Mr. Bland meets him with, ' I know what you're come about ; you have lost a cheque for £1 — , and want to stop it, but I happen to have got it.' 'Are you a wizard gasped the delighted Miller, and then came the prosaic explanation. IRKESISTIBLE CANVASSING. Brown : Allow me to introduce my friend Jones, who would be delighted to dance the next waits with you, Miss Robinson, Miss Robinson : I shall be very happy, Mr. Jones, I'm sure; but, of course, you're going to vote for my Pa i When Miss Braddon, the novelist, was fighting for daily bread upon the stage — and a precious hard fight it was for her, too, sometimes — she was now and then, in cases of emergency, cast for small masculine parts, a line of business for which her physique and strongly marked features fitted her. Jn'one occasion Marie Seton — that was her stage name — was playing the first actor in 'Hamlet,' and of course had to deliver that graphic bit of word-painting which tells of the sack of Troy and the encounter of 'rugged Pyrrhus' with Priam. In this the lady was generally very successful, and on the particular evening I refer to she declaimed the speech with splendid emphasis until she came to the line — ' Anon he finds him, striking1 too short at Greeks.' How her ideas became confused neither she herself nor any one else ever knew ; but, certainly, instead of reciting the words I have quoted, she electrified her audience with — ' Anon he finds him, striking two little Greeks.' A shabby, cowardly action which quite destroyed everybody's sympathy for poor old Priam. This occurred at the Queen's Theatre, Hull, long long ago ; but not so long that the prolific novelist has forgotten it, or is unable to laugh at a mistake which at the time confused her terribly. A provincial paper has just thrown the Afghan topic into the background by introducing the as tounding fact that four gentlemen, named Crane, Crow, Wolf, and Fox respectively, were recently in troduced to each other on the verandah of a roadside shanty. The paragraph containing this information is extremely startling ; but it is not complete. There must have been a goose present at this meeting of birds and quadrupeds ; and yet that goose is not men tioned. 