ON MARRIAGE. Marriage is an old custom which, like kill ing rats, was begun when people were igno rant, and has stuck to them even to this day. Men are married to two kinds of things— idon8 and women: Ideas are the one-pound note currency, the North-weBt Passage, vegetable diet, the national debt, old china and patent corkfcrowa. Women nre girls and nurses and matrooB and governesses nnd heroinsB and maiden aunts and widoWB and spinsters and blue stockings 1 1: (1 maids nnd flirts and prudes There is also anqtber kind, called mothers-ill law or ghouls. Women live chiefly in drawing-rooms, nurseries, shops, and kitchens. They are mostly low people, and no men of respeot- ability associate with them. I havo written about them before, and as I am not now writing natural history or a description of all the other kinds of serpents and insects, I will not aay anything more about them. If women must be written about, a second-class man must he got to do it. I only write about what I choose. Ideas are kept in the heads of members cf Parliament, and men who have got sun-stroke, nnd men who can't' chew, and lawyers, and dukes who hnve got gout and money, and men who want to get up com panies. Ideas are sometimes better than property, for they enable men to live without working or paying income tax. Sometimes, however, they are more expensive to keep than a pack of hounds or a ship of war. When you talk to a man about an idea whioh ho has married, ho gets red in tho face, throws his arms wildly about him, and commences making a speech. If a man gets very violent about an idea to whioh he isinarried his friends lock him up in a spare room, and feed him with bread and water through the keyhole, mid ask the Lord Chancellor to act as agent for bis property. This makes the man so savage that he tries to stab himself with rolled up copies of comic journals. I once saw a man who was married to the idea of making the whole world happy by giving a tandem to every working man.. When men have been married to women for some time, a lot of small creature, with-ratties and bone rings in their hands, begin to creep about the house, and fail into waterjugs, and burn thoir hair at the kitchen fire and drink boiling water out of the kettle on the hob, and ev.-allow brass nails, and put soap into the tea cups, After nlittle while these become children in which unhappy state they eat electuary for breakfast, and wooden skewers and potatoes fried in castor oil for dinner, and jam, spread over rhubarb powder for tea ; they swnliow two fonrpenny pieces a week, and fall out of a win dow two or throe times each month. They tumble down the kitchen stairs, nnd lie at tho bottom in the dark, until the man with the coals tumbles over them. They get their teeth knocked out against window sills and one another's foreheads. They are introduced by their nurses to every ghost that is small enough to came down the chimney. They aro put under sofas, or ont on the lends like flower pots, when any ono visits tho house. Their skin is .craped off four or five times a day with fine wire-gamce nnd yellow soap. A man oauo told me that the reason why people prefer having children in their houses to dogs or cnts, is because you can amuse yourself by making a child unhappy all day ,lrag, but the brute is only miserable when it is suffering from cold, hunger, or a beating; ' — Emanuel Kink, 