iunumr. HAKE AND TOEIOISE. nn How tuk Race was Wos. A iuee and a tortoise vent out on the looep. And tbe tortoise drank deep «nd behaved like a gwse : . . Ho braffgctl »l hi' beauty «nd vaunted his shell, . „ But unluckily boasted hw running us wdl. 'Pooh, pooh !' said tbo hare; 'bragis all very fine, ? ? But J«t tortoises Sjwra, _njr u-v-»i ?' = »»»«-( tho line.' &iid; the tortoise : ' Til run you for tweuty Five miles as tlie crow flies.' ' You're on !'» i-ried the hare. Next inuming the tortoise rose, weary, from bod. And his betting-book scanned, with a towel round lus head ; # Then, curing hares, brandy, luid such aberrations, ..... ... Called a family council of all liw relation*. They came, did the tortoises, «i by th« dozens. There were j-randmothere, uncles, aunts .sisters and cousins, But feminine, masculine, father, or mother, You couldn't by any means toll one from t'other. r\,,t .«..!.-.. :m nlil tortoise, then: 'Give you all jrrcetiug ! _ This fa, by my shell ! «omethtng like a fins meeting1 ; , , , AU our family's here, from each fur hearth aud home, . Excepting the loved ones now nuwe uwo comb. .. , i Now, j'.ll who have money our.racing tneatt back, , Then live of you #o and spread out on tho track : ., That '/on arc not he 'twill not the hare strike, Fur, friends, arc we not all exaotly alike t Next morning they started to race for the cup : At the first mile the hare to a tortowo oarao up. ' liilio : saia tne naiv, i» u. jvfu w jtv-* g-host - I'll be jugged but I thought you were still at the post .'' Ou sigiiin raced tho haro ; but his speed was , in vain, For he shortly carao up with the tortoise iur;iiu ; And wheu, till surprised, to tho distance ho ?sPe(l» . 1 Ho saw Mr. Tortoise crawl in by u head ! I Next evening the hare was the guest of the I winner. I And the tortoises all squatted down to tho I dinner ; I But what struck the hare with a-itouishmeut I most I Was the likeness that cv'ry ono bore ,to the I host. I He laid back his curs and ho chewed well tho I cud, I Aud at last the transaction ho saw clear as I mud, I And inurinuied this vow, as ho rose from his | chair : ? 'Run a tortoise again- Oh, no! not for 'I tills hare.' J 