FICTION. (Fruin EngllNli, Amer!cnu_ mu]£ofticr Periodical The Fathers' Compact. CHAPTER XXXVII THE BKTBOTHAL BING. He would have clasped her to him, in the excite- ment of the moment, but quickly recovering herself Lady Alice as suddenly recolied from him, drawing herself haughtily erect, although she, too, lifted the azure mask which conceded her face. " I beg your pardon," she said, icily, " but I was not «ware until this moment that Mr. Lenox was in England." " I have only been here three days," he returned, gravely, while he, too, drew back from her a pace or two, and folded his arms over bia aching heart. He would not offend ber with his touch again, if it was so distasteful to her, now knowing who he was. And then, her words, "I have been called Lady Alicia Vaughan"-what did they mean p Had he, indeed, no right ever to come near her again P A groan of agony nearly escaptd him, as these terrible thoughts shot throught his brain ; and he feared that after all hiB weary search for har, he had found her only to lose her again. But folding his arms more tightly over his heaving chest, he went on : " I have sought for you everywhere. I traced you to Genoa, to Turin, thence to Lyons and Paris, where I lost Bight of your entirely, and only heard that you had returned to England a little more than a week ago." " Indeed ! and I would ask what right Mr, Lenox baa thus to search for me !" she cried, in her clear bell-like tones, all her wounded woman's nature rising up against him, sa she remembered Father Antonio's statement to the duke. " The right of a wronged man to vindicate hie honor," he replied, in grave, earnest tones. Her hnart bounded at the words. " Every one has that right," she said, more gently, and deeply impressed by his manner. As she glanced up into hie luminous eyes, which were fixed so Badly yet wistfully upon her, and re- marked the look of keen pain upon his handsome lace, strong misgivings arose within her, and she began to fear that she, too, had deeply wronged him, by not absolutely refusing to give any credence to that vile story. "And will you listen to my vindication?" he asked. " 1 cannot refuse," she replied, inclining her regal head, yet speaking coldly. She would not yield in the least toward him, until he could entirely clear himself, nothwitbetanding the love in her heart, Again a groan rose up within him at the eight of her in her cold, stern beauty ; but again repressing it, he went on in a weary tone : " I had hoped, ob, so fondly hoped for a different greeting from youjjwhen we met again, Lady Alicia ; but it seems that life, for me, is to known much of bitternesB, and I must school myself to bear it as best I may." Her loyal heart almost relented at these words. How noble, how manly he looked, standing there like & Spartan, and bearing his pain without a cry P She longed to go to him-to creep into his arms, and tell him how true, how strong her love for him yet was, in spite of all ; and yet she would not-she dare not, for-oh, how the thought stung her, was not that another woman's privilege P " I understood that Mr. Lenox's object in seeking me, was to vindicate himself; regrets do not exonerate," she said, with a little touch of sarcasm in her voice, and then wondered at herself for treat- ing him thus, when she loved him so ! " True, and I ask your pardon," he returned, lifting his head proudly. Then, after a moment's reflection, be proceeded : " When I bade you s 'good night,' after the consul's ball in Florence, I returned to the palace, where you had met with such marked insult, to learn it possible the cause of it. I did discover the reason, much to my indignation ; doubtless you too have since heard what it was, ao I will not repeat." He waited a moment, searching her beautiful face. She bowed her head in assent, and he went on : " I should have flown to your side, to comfort you, with the first down of morning, had not duty to a noble friend prevented-" " Duty P" she asked, wonderingly, while a flush of shame suddenly mantled her cheek, remembering she bad attributed his absence to a very different cauBe-cowardice I " Yes, duty to my friend, Mr. Powers." The he related bis commission to Turin, and the reason why he hnd been obliged to go in the sculptor's stead. " That was why you left Florence in such haste, then P" she cried, breathlessly, " It was," and a bitter smile curled his lips as her read in tbe question what had been her judgment of him. " Why then did you not send me word ? it was cruel to keep me in such suspense," she said, passion- ately. His f BCB lighted, more at her manner than at her words. Her heart then had been wounded by his seeming neglect, and he knew that the old love was not dead even yet, notwithstanding all her previous coldness and thote dreadful words-" I have been called Lady Alicia Vuaghan." He explained how he had written, telling her »11 about it, but had forgotten in his haste to direct the note, and had found it upon his desk when he re- turned ; and they had gone, no one knew wbitber, " Ah 1" abe cried, while her face lighted up with a new hope, and her eyes grew gentle and tender, " if you can explain one thing more as clearly as you have this then-" She did not complete the sentence, but tearing off her glove she dre.v from the folds of her dress a paper which she had never given up since the duke had first put it into her hands. It was Father Antonio's statement, and like the croBs of torture which the ancient monks used to wenr above their hearts, hugging the pain which was eating into their life, BO she, too, had worn in her bosom these words of Are, which had nearly burned ber heart to ashes. " Read that, and prove it false if you can," she cried, in a quivering voice, and holding it out to him in her shaking hand. He started as if he bad been stung, while a low exclamation of intense surprise escaped bim, He did not take it, and she saw that his eyes were not even fixed upon it, but upon a ring which she wore upon her finger. " Where-where did you get this ?" he asked, hoarsely, and then overcome by an irresistible impulse, he took both hand and paper in his. It was the betrothal ring which had been placed upon ber hand in the church- yard, above Count Rutherford's grave ! It had been lying all this time iu her jewel casket, and she had never worn it since tben ; but to-night, while dressing for the ball, some wild impulse had prompted her to pick it up with others, and slip it upon her finger ! She instantly withdrew her hand, leaving the paper in his palm. " Mr. Lenox will please remember that we are discus- sing a more important subject now, than the posses- sion of a ring," she said, haughtily. " Pardon and excuse me while I read," he returned, bowing, though bia white lips were set as if in keeneBt pain, Bverwhere he went that ghost of the churchyard followed bim. He felt ae if some horrible magic spell bad been placed upon bim that night, which would follow him during his-whole life, blighting all his hopes of happiness and overthrowing every prospect. With a feeling of despair in his heart, he unfolded the paper, and stepping near a light, he read those words which are so familiar to us all. He saw at once how conclusive to her the evidence must have been, and that without any opposing testimony there was no gainsaying it. It was indis- putable ? A load was lifted from his heart, aud the bitterness of his soul melted into tenderness as be realized all she must have suffered, believing bim to be the wretch he bad been represented. He forgot everything then but his great love for her, and that he had it in his power to prove himself guiltless in her sight. He returned to her side with a firm, proud step, and there was a bright, glad gleam in bia eyes. Bending down, he looked aearchingly into the sweet, high-bred face, and there was infinite tender, ness in his voice SB he said, tremulously : " Darling, if I could prove-" " You forget yourself," ahe interrupted, proudly. '.' True 1" Ah ! he had forgotten those dreadful words of hers for the moment ; the light went out of his eye, and his head dropped upon his breast. What mattered it now whether he proved himself innocent or not, she could never be anything to him again, for he believed that some one else had already won her-that she waa some other man'a wife ! else why that statement -" I have been called Lady Alicia Vaughan ?" " True," he repeated, " I will not forget again ; buj¡ if I could prove that statement a lie, would I be justified in your heart ?" he asked, eagerly. " Prove it 1" she commanded, in a low tone, yet he saw that she trembled, so that she could scarcely stand. " Will you trust my word ?" Ah ! how anxiously he awaited her reply. It was a strong, almost ctuel test, but he could not refrain from making it. But he could not bear her to believe him false. She came nearer to him ; she looked up into hie face, end read its every lineament, and into the clear, luminous eyes, which did not even waver beneath MB steadfast, soul-searching gaze. " I will trust your word," she said, simply, as her eyes fell. He drew a deep breath, and almost staggered, It had been a vital moment with him ; his soul had almost cried out in agony, with the fear that the would not have faith in his word. " I do not wonder," he began, pointing to the paper he still held, " that with this, you could believe me guilty of almost any crime. A year ago this hour, I believed mytelf to be, just what this paper states-a married man !" A low cry of surprise interrupted him. He paused, but she cried, eagerly : " Go on-go on !" I stood before the altar of a little village church in France, with a young girl whom I had never seen before, and the marriage ceremoay was performed over us" A wild sob broke forth from Lady Alice at these words, and be started forward and caught her in his arms just in time te save her from falling to the ground. " What is it, my darling ?" he asked, anxiously, as he placed her upon the seat and frightened at her fearful emotion. Like a flash of lightning the truth had burst upon her with those few words of hie. -Bat «he must hear more before she could be quite satisfied j io with a mighty effort, ehe nerved herself to liatón to him calmly, and let him go on, " Nothing; I am better now," ehe aaid, looking up at him, but with a face so white that his own grew dark as he saw it. " She distruste me," he said to birnie», with a bitterness like that of death, u Shall I proceed ? Are you able to listen ?" he demanded, coldly, again folding his arms tight acroas his breast to still the fierce throbbings of his heart. It teemed as if it must surely break, " Yes ; I will not interrupt you again," she replied in low tones, but with a new, sweet song of joy in her soul, " When I left that church, I fully believed that young girl to be wy wife, but it proved to be other- wise. In order to make you understand it more fully, I should explain, that a gentleman with his daughter and her companion, had met me in that villiago by appointment, for the purpose of consummating the marriage, according to a contract of betrothal made by him and my uncle, when we, his daughter and I, were children. A half hour before the ceremony in the church, I had stood over my uncle's grave in the church-yard, and sealed my betrothal to this gentle- man's daughter, by placing upon her finger the counterpart of the ring which now gleams upon your finger, and which startled me so a few moments ago, I-" " You need not go on, Archer. I know all the rest, and it was tbie very same ring," interrupted Lady Alice, laying her hand lightly upon his arm, and lift- ing her now radiant face to his. " What do you tell me 1 How came you by it, then ?" he demanded, bis own face blanching to the very hue of death at her word«. " How came I by it, dear P You placed it upon this very finger yourself. I see it all now, Archer ; you are Reginald Rutherford, I am Alice Montague, and we have been the victims in a comedy of errors." " I do not comprehend," he began ; then at the light began to break in upon his mind, he cried out : " Ah 1 that accounts for the words which seemed to me so cruel, that you had been called Lady Alicia Vaughan." " Yes ; but why were they cruel ?" Lady Alice asked, innocently. j "Because, never dreaming you could be any one else, I understood by them that you belonged to some one-who bad-won you," Reginald said, while a deep sob of joy arose to his lips. " No, no, dear, that could never be," Lady Alice replied, softly, " And this accounts, too, for that story in Florence regarding your adoption by the Duke and Duchess ef Dillingham." " Yet, dear, and this was the secret I wanted so much to tell you that day, after we came home from the Calcine, How much of suffering it would have saved us both if I had told you," Bhe said, regretfully, " It would indeed, ray darling ; it has surely been a comedy of errors, and almost a tragedy, for only a few momenta ago I valued my life very lightly ; but you do love me still, my own," She did not resist him now, when he gathered her close to his manly breast. She even lifted the ripe, smiling Ups to meet his a3 she whispered : "I have never ceased to love you, Archer-not even when I believed you belonged to some one else, and I bad no right." " Ah I that was a cruel thing, love, and I believe the Countess of Rutherford has it all to answer for,' he returned, tenderly. " I know she has ; but at that time It seemed as if the priest's statement could not be refuted. And do you remember that day at Fiesole ?" " Can I ever forget it ?" he interrupted, smiling, " But I mean our meeting the priest at the inn how white yon grew, and when I asked if you knew him, you said you had seen him before, and the sight of him aroused unpleasant memories ? That all came back to me too, when I read this paper, and so I could not help believing it." " I see you could «ot ; but is it not strange you did not recognize him yourself ?" Reginald asked, wonderingly. " I think not, I waa ao agitated by the part I waa playing, fearful lest it should be discovered that I did not notice anything," Lady Alice said, shudder- ing. " Poor child, it was harder for you than for me ; but I would have given my life for you-to free you -had it not been a crime when I discovered you had been forced to that step." " I know," she replied ; " papa has told me all." " And you will not refuse to wed Reginald Ruther- ford now ?" he asked, drawing her closer. " I do not think papa will have to use any threats this time," she said, blushing, then added, brightly : '. But I shall always call you Archer ; it is the name I first loved you under, and no other will ever seem half ao dear." Of course there was much to explain, and much to talk over between the lovers so strangely reunited ; but as we are already so familiar with the details, we will not rehearse them. When supper waa announced the Lady Alice could not be found, and her father supposing her to be with the duke and duchess, and they that she was with him, her absence waa not remarked upon. Imagine their surprise, particularly that of Lord Montague, when an hour later, she appeared, un- masked, leaning upon the arm of Reginald Archer Lenox Rutherford 1 His lordship's look of blank astonishment when they appeared before bim, waa ao extremely ludicroua that the happy couple burst inte a hearty laugh at his expense. Of course it occasioned a great deal of remark, and necessitated a prolonged explanation ; therefore our friends returned at a much earlier hour to Montague than they would otherwise have done, and there the romance of the " church-yard bethrothal" waa made plain to all parties. 