IT is very interesting, and at the same time instructive, to mark the advance of the democratic principle in the old country. That a sweeping change is passing over the spirit of its political institutions, no intelligent observer can doubt for a moment; and the change is plainly in the direction of popular government, pure and simple. Toryism, as it existed in full force down to the close of the reign of the Fourth GEORGE, is as much a thing of the past as are the claims of the STUART family to the throne of Great Britain; and what even the framers of the first Reform Bill would have regarded as extreme Radicalism, is now the political creed of the House of Commons. Country squires no longer drink the toast of "Our glorious Constitution in Church and State" after dinner; but they sit in the House and vote for measures which their fathers would have looked upon heavy blows dealt at that same venerable Constitution. Forty years ago to be stigmatised aa a Chartist was almost equal to being accused of favoring revolutionary and treasonable designs; but now, nearly every one of the seven points of the People's Charter it embodied in the law of the land. Of course it is not safe to prophesy that there will never again be a reaction towards Conservatism, but at present the likelihood of such a thing occurring is very remote indeed. The last general election gave, apparently, the death-blow to Conservatism, and the GLADSTONE Government of 1880 wonld certainly have been deemed a Radical Government, even by its predecessor of ten years since. A. very remarkable circumstance of the whole case is that so many of the higher nobility are cordially joining in the movement. There are now not alone Liberal peers in the House of Lords, but even bishops are found supporting measures which their immediate predecessors would have denounced as dangerous, and almost revolutionary. In proof of this, a passage from the recent debate in the Upper Hoose on tha Burials Bill may be cited. The Bishop, of Lincoln (Dr WORDSWORTH) opposed the measure, and be roundly declared that the question in volved in the bill was, not so much that of the right of burial, as that of the existence of the national church. Yet a large majority of the bench of bishops, including the Archbishop of Canterbury, voted for the bill, and Dr WORDSWORTH was left in a very small minority. Now, whether the good bishop was,or was not, right in the view he took of the matter, it is past question that even amongst' the bishops there are found many who are willing to support Liberal measures of the most pronounced kind, even affecting the interests of the national establishment itself. In truth, the principle of the divine right of a State church is pretty well exploded, even in the old country, and disestablishment—it may safely be taken for granted—is not many years ahead. People discuss it now with the utmost openness, and even the most zealous churchmen -do not venture any longer to assert that the maintenance of a national church is essential to the existence of the British monarchy, or neces sary for the preservation of Christianity, Equality and freedom in all matters pertaining to personal religious conviction is fast taking hold of the minds of Englishmen of all classes, and it is almost universally conceded that the best way to preserve religion is to leave religion to preserve itself. It is probable that, if the question were fairly put to the present House of Commons, a majority would be fonnd voting in favor of an eqnit able scheme of disestablishment, but, in any case, the principles of the Liberation Society are making rapid progress, and any reaction towards the accieat Tory view of the chnrch'a position and authority eeems to be quite impossible. We notice that it has been decided that, in the next general census taken in the three kingdoms, the " religious " column is to be omitted. This is adearand very significant admission of the principle that the State has no right to control or meddle with the religious con- victions of any of its' citizens. It if, more over, a quiet concession of the entire claim of a national church establishment. The name " Dissenter" is so longer a term of reproach; it has even ceased to have any distinctive meaning; and no religious body has any right to claim superiority over all others. We have already dwelt on the passing of Mr GLADSTONE'S Irish Tenant's Compensation Bill ag evidencing the growth of Idberalismin the House of Commons. Bat since oar article on that aubject was printed the English files have come to hand, giving foil reports of the debates on the bill in that House. Of course, It was etrongly opposed by the Conservative party—that we knew. But it is new to us that the bill was denoucced by its opponents as a pro pcsal of wholesale confiscation, and for robbing the landlords of their property. This view of the case was actually taken, by the House of Lords, or in other words, by the landlords themselves. But now, what .must be the advance of Liberal principles at home when the House of Lords is found rejecting, as being communistic in principle, a bill which received the support of a substantial majority in tho House of Commons ? This is no question of reform of either House, nor of any en- croachment of the democratic class upon the power and privileges of the aristocracy, It is a question of simple justice as between the owner of land and his tenants—just such a question as the common law of the country, were it founded on strict justice. would decide without the intervention of any new Act of Parliament at all. But in truth the common law has for centuries favored the land-owner exclusively; has given him all the rights and privileges of property, and has allowed the tenant to have no rights or privileges at all. It was law founded on the old feudal principle that the lord of the manor was supreme owner, both of the land and, of the -people born on- it. The first great blow at this despotic system was dealt by the hand of Sir ROBERT PEEL, when he framed and carried into law his Irish Encumbered Estates Act. The second blow was Mr GLADSTONE'S Irish Land Act of 1870, which established the great principle of tenant right for ever. But there still remained a class that was not protected—the poor cottiers who failed to pay their rents through bad harvests and other adverce circumstances. Should they be left wholly without resource ? Should they be exposed to the cruel mercies of hard-hearted landlords, who would simply turn them and their households out to perish of cold and hanger by the wayside? Common justice cries out against the idea. The principle of Mr GLADSTONE'S new bill, therefore, was to provide for reasonable compensation being given even to poor tenants who were evicted for non-payment- of rent. It is ia triumph of Liberal principles when the House of Commons is found passing such a bill.' True, it is for the present thrown out by the House of Lords ; that that House is bound to give way in time, for justice and equity cry trumpet-tongued in favor of the measure. Meanwhile, however, all impartial observers, cannot fail to note the ateady advance which Liberalism ia making amongst all classes in the mother country; and the Conservatives out here would do well to benefit by this example. THEBE.is some talk of a branch of the Young Australian Liberal Association being Started in Ballarat; and it ia very likely that in a day or two a meeting will be called for the purpose. Associations of this Mad are springing up all over the colony; and the idea ia taking so well that there ii every probability of the movement, as. a whole, being carried to a moat aaccestfnl issue. Hie liberal instinct is strong in Ballarat; oo that there ia no reason why an association of this hind should not start under the best of auspices here. Consequently,if the talk which prevails now should be elevated into action, a very substantial Young Australian Liberal Association in Ballarat may be regarded aa a certainty in the immediate future. At present Bedlarat has no means of bringing together ita young Liberals for the interchange of ideas on the political topics of the day, in which they are really more interested, by reason of the longer life, and the newness of the career, before them, than are their fathers. There are certainly Native Associations, Young Men's Christian Aa- ! aodations, Mutual Improvement Associations, and Debating Clubs, into which the young are admitted, and which deal with a variety of aodal and other problems. Bat there ia no oneness of political purpose about theBS societies, because they con- tun politician* of all opinions; and, therefore they do Dot fulfil the object of uniting the young Liberals together, which is the primary design of the new movement. Hence, a Young Australian Liberal Association inaugurated in Ballarat, would atrike ont entirely new ground; and, while doing much good to the yocn'g Liberals themselves, not cause a conflict with any other society for the young which has -already been established amongst us. It would be a purely political association, binding together only those who are of the aame Liberal way of thinking; and an association of this kind ia not alone wanted here, but there can be very little doubt, once started, would develops into an organisation that would prove alike formidable and beneficial. The talk there is, then, of starting a branch of the Young Australian Liberal Association in Ballarat should not end in smoke, bat come to aomething that is really practical and substantial. The objects of these associations have been programmed; and a glance over the list cannot fail to be interesting to those persons who have the idea of starting a branch in Ballarat, under consideration. The objects are (1) to secure the unity and co-operation of young Australians in reference topolitical and social matters, so that, by organisation, they may exercise a mare powerful influence in the cause of good government and social order; (2) to educate and instruct each other, so that the electoral privileges possessed by youDg Australians may be used a wise, right, and proper manner; (3) to secure the enrolment of young Australians upon their becoming eligible to exercise the franchise; (4) to give an undivided support to measures having for their object the best interests, political and social, of the people as a whole, by whomsoever they may be brought forward, and to inspire and quicken patriotic feelisg among young Australians. Such are the objects of these associations; and they are deserving of all commendation. But there are eight main points in the charter which these associations take up; and these eight main points are as follow:—(1) Federation of the Australian colonies, (2) maintenance and readjustment, when necessary, of the protec tive system, (S) maintenance of manhood suffrage, (4) abolition of plural voting, (5) payment of members, (6) maintenance of free and compulsory education, (7) conservation of water and irrigation of agricul turd lands, where necessary, (8) discouragement of Chinese immigration. Every one of these eight points may well have the heartiest sympathy of aU oar young Liberals—not alone for their own future welfare, bat also because they represent either the projects which have been formulated, or the admirable political ends already attained, by the seal and perseverance of their fathers. It win be seen by the foregoing that the new project is entirely of a Liberal character, and does not aim to bring all grades of politicians together to diacnes the rights and wrongs of the topics which the list contains. The Young Australian Liberal Association, aa its tide shows, is purely Liberal, or anti- Conservative in ita aspirations; and it abjures all else from the schedule of its labors. The Conservatives can have their Young Australian Association as well as the Liberals; but the association which is talked of in Bsllarat is one the Liberal side; and to its list of members none bnt Liberals will be invited. It is not open, therefore, to any person to object to the one-sided character of the above programme, because nothing else than party is intended by the movement 'Mjere is dearly a good opening for a Liberal society of this Hftd in BaDaiat, where, as we have said, the Liberal inaSnct b strong and progressive amongst tie leriderts of 'aill ages. The task of starting SU$L an. association in our midst ahoald, therefore, be carried into practical effect; for a large measure of success is bound to attend an organisation of thia natures... The Itfaister^l Mlnas has Instrnctsd mining iaapectors Stewart ud Hicltolaa to inspect and nport nomptly on the facta only; regarding Mr Balhaneens &se; abdication. Aa flood as the report is famished, tbe. Minister win visit BaBaint and give bis deckim. \--tt in stated that then was not a word of troth in the report published the other day that Mr B. Murray Smith will take the lead of the Opposition in the Assembly. That post will still be held by Mr Service. . , . • . • . The enquiry into the salting of the Great Fonthem Hordsfield claim did not advanoe any farther yesterday, but there fa reason to believe that the charge -will not ba sheeted home to-Hie geBty parties. *-The directors, however, have determined to subscribe amongst themselves a reward for information that will insdts a-proeecntion. Elims, the: mining manager, S3GO tendered bis resignation to the aboard, which was accepted. The adjourned meeting cf shareholdrrs and others intere-ted in the company was to have been held yesterday afternoon, but MrGlenoy, ebortly after two o'clock, monnled the steps of Mr Bailey's offioe, and stated that, as the whole matter was In the hands of the po'ioe. It was not deemed ad visable to disonss It pnblidy. However, one of .the parties implicated in the fraud had confessed cm the previous day, bnt a lew hours afterwards had altogether denied his previous statement, having apparently been advised ia the Interim to keep Us month shot. There were two ptrrans implicated in the swindle, and he names to Bnb inspector Bating ton and Detective HylanS; therefore the matter would be fhorongfcly tffied, If possible. The assemblage, then dispersed to bnsioass. Then was a meeting yesterday of the Hon. Phflfp Bnssell'e executive oommlt'ee at the central rooms, Lydiard street. Numerous promises of support and eaoonraging reports were received from theootljing distriote, and the contest promises tc be conducted with unusual vigor To-day and early next we^k air Bnsssll and members of his committee will iDiervioW the Ballarat electors. Last evening a meeting of the Ballarat East committeeWSA held at the Oainh Harr hotel; Mr D. Morton in the chair. In oonceqnenae of the indr-mency of the weather, the attendance was fomewbat limited, -but a strong commiitee traa formed consJeticg of Bome o! the leading residentsof the town, who were Ipreeent; and who promised to nee their bent efforts to secure Mr BusaeU'e return.. Th committee subsequently ad] onmed until eight o'clock on Mondsy evening' at the Dutoh Harry hotel, when thUf pfrman*"* cnafnqgn and secretary will be appointed A pefjary case occupied nearly ihe whole day at th Otty Police Oonrt yea&aday.; It will be remembered that at tha roort of Assise in May last, before his Honor Judge Stephen, Mrs Hannah M. Ooates was charged with arson, and acquitted. OonstaWe fihor hm of Kingston, was informed by one of ihe witnesses in the case that Joseph Hoose. another witness, bad been swearing falsely. The constable reoeived the neonsaiytnstraatlans and laid an Information on the llth instant against Joseph Hou^e, For perjuryAt th Assim Oonrt in Hay last Mr Garner provocated on beha'f of the Grown, and Mr Gannt Reloaded the ao- Oused. Attar the bend) heard the evidence they ooncloded that it was not enffiaently dear to oommtt the aecoaed, and he^ffas discharged A report appears elsewhere. The Town Council held Ite usual fortnightly mesttsglatt sight, when a fair amount of routine bnsinesa was disposed of. . The occarrgncs of one case of diphtheria wai reported by the health offlcsr, who further stated In his report that the patient waa re. covering. It seems that ihe extract npsn which our snblesder of yesterday was written was nosetriotiy correct. Yesterday's Age. nya:—"We •*» nqnested to mention In refereno to a paragraph in Thursday's issue, concerning the f»Torable arrangement made by the late Minister cf Lands with Mr Black, inppwior of Grown lands bailiffs, for the repayment of las compensation money, thai Mr Black is repaying the money by quarterly instalments." An unfortunate aooident happened at the Ballarat and Beanf Tt 'Jonsols C mnany, better known as the Dog hoose claim, ab ut half-past six yesterday morning The shaft is now being sank to a greater depth prior to opening out; and while bringing up a fcnek cf water and reef, the crank of the m*'n shaft of the engine suddenly gave way, causing the piston to poll one of the cylinder ends completely out, and destroyirg the sli lea. The bucket at the time wag coining up the shaft, and the impe:os it reoeived, »ith no c£eck on it, oansed the bccket to go up to within a few feat of the p ippet-heads. The engine-driver, fcowevar, pnt on th« break on the fly-whesiquic e: oagii to prevent any farther damage. 'Vhere was onl one man below at the time; and assistance having reached the mine shortly after the cocarrenca, manua labor was applied to the fly-wheel,and the man was brought to the surface, totally unaware that onjthicg wrong had happened. It is expected that all repairs will be made and the sinking of the shaft ras .m-d in about a week. The contest for Connd'isr Seggs' seat in ihe lilponehire Council is now engaging the attention o! the three candidates, Messrs Smith, Adanjthtraito, and Preutioe. The contest, which at one time was eonffldtte4 tolay between Meters Smi hand Prentiss, now assumed a different aspect and Sir Adamthwalte is first favorite for. the event. Next Friday wid decide this disputed point. The usual weekly meeting cf the Little Eetdigo Mutual Xmprovcm-nt Association was held in the Fchw lroom last Thursday evening; the president ic the chair. Alter the venal busi«*»® »rasgonothmnflh the follora; gest'emen gave readings and recitations:—Messrs Kirkland, Shaw, Williams, Fascce, Bldrldge, and Smith. The Town Oouncil has resolved to take steps to prevent mining under the streets of the town, unless the ratepayers, through deposit* made to the council are assured that tho e whose mining works injute tr. streets shall make g?od any damage done by them. With ut wishing in any way to prejudicially affect m'.ni' g, the council is resolved that the interests of the ratepayers ehail not be interfered with by the mining operations carried on in the town. We learn that tba arrangements for the drawing is Major Smith's property distribati. n have b:en completed, the marbles oounted for each globe, and the young Indies engaged who &ro; to draw the marbles The drawing will cake place on Monday morning, at the Mechanics' Institute, commencing at eleven o'clock. A numeronrly.attended meeting of tits Encgaree, Peau, and Warreuheip ploughing match vras Leld a tha WaggGner^' Arms hotel. Footida. on Thursday evening. Mr Wede occupied the rhjdr. A Iaigo amount of business was transacted. It was decided, on the motion of Mr F. Bourke, ceconded by Mr Cope, that this year's ploughing match be held on M Pstr'ck Moran'e farm, Clark's Bill; that land being, according to the cub- committee's report, the most Eniiabie for aU the purposes o! the match. The pro gramme for this year was dealt with at considerable length, most of the prizes ia the various classes being increased a_d an additional class f».r owing ploughs was added to the programme. Judges, stewards, and the various olh?r officers were aU appointed, and judging fr- m the enthusiastic and energetic manner which all gentlemen connected with the match are Working, the ooaumt'ee twl ojuSi^nt that this ye&r;' event will eelipee all previous matches held in the dis trict. It was alto decide 1 to call tendors -for holdin a publican's booth and a fruit stall oa the ground. I was also res ,lved that the collectors for the city, wi whom Mr James filler, of Mair *>t.eet, was included andxheccl-ec-orsforthe town, shonld proved with their canvass with as little delay as possible, eo as t enable the committee to arrive ot their exact financ It is particularly requested that all persons holding collecting books will ssnd in the same to th next meeting, to be held on the 26th instant. After vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting ad j turne until the shove-named date. A petition, signed by some twelve ratepayers, wa presented to the »own Council laut sight, calling at tention to the fact that unlicensed pwsons had made practice of sciling goods frrcn honse to house, to th l&jury; of the trude.men of the town; and requesting th--t the conucii w^uld take steps to pnt an end to t praoiics complained of. At the meeting of the Town OonccS last night, Councillor James gave notioe that be would move a the next council meeting that eteps be taken to reco nise. by means of an engrossed address, the valuabl eervioes Councillor W. bcott, ex- mayor, has rendered the mcnicipality during the past twenty yean. He also, as an addendum to this, gave notice that he would move thai a similar compliment be tendered t OounciUor Tnrpie. Ballarat is to be visited by tha Grand Lodge oSIcer In connection witb the Good Templaiy Crder of Vic toria On Tuesday th.-re will be a Grand United .Lodge meeting, when large numbers will be present from Clones, ii addon, lilnton, and Bnngaree lodges Bapreventatives are also expected from other lodges within a radios of forty miles. There will be a recep tion tea in the Ballarat East lodge rorm in the earl part of the evening. On Wednesday there wiil be public temperann meeting held in the Christ Churc Eehoot-room, Lydiard street. Ttfcen faiaddition to ad dres«8 from the Grand Lodge officers and Mr. Mar Uosking, musical eele-4ione will be given by well known members of the Good 'i emplaiy Order, tinde the leadership of Mr J. B. £ray. The district deput of Baiiarat, Mr George King, will preside. We see'that Mr A. F. Bajronx, formerly of Bal. larat, has been appointed secretary to the Chief Com miwioser cf Fiance in connectien wiih ^e Mclbonme lnt:rnaiionaI Exhibltian. Msssrs Casimir Fracrfe Bowe and James Campb were yesterday sax ?tted jnsUoes of the peaoe for th western baiiiaiefc. A lecture was delivered on Thursday evening by Mr Weight, vice-president of the Neil btraet Mntnal Improvement Association; eubj'Ct, The healing powers of animal magnetum." Tha lecturer waa ao oocded an excellent heating by the large audianoe present. The chair was taken by the president (M Cargeeg), and the choir rendered some choice se ectiofis during the evening. The lectnrer apd^lsed for cosdeg before them, but said that it was the fm portanoe cf the eut jeat which him to do ao He eaid that there eeemed to be a prevailing ignoiano tan,^rWct«ltn"made2ear to^tb^^^^ira^ be conducive of a large amount of good. A hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer, and choir, ably propceedby Mr J. BeweO, and hnrtily asooBded by M J. Allan, was carried in the jifttil manner. The nasal monthly •ntertalnaiBt In oomanlion with the Ffcesbytarisfteangragetioa, Ooghimi Oieek, waa held on Thnriday evening. The weather provia favorable, the echoolroom was quite filled.Tbsnad inga were given by the Bev. F. tooter.aud oouKte of the ioUowixg pteoee:— u Bob Graham," by Dr V Chambers;« Poppeespiwta,* « The attain 1 * dil »Tba selfish acnwHe,* by tomdera Dinwaddtoj *Tto truth-speaker,* " A Ucbdor's wants - ft." Wench's Bongs—"Bing flrstWl^tp^,ffi the bell, w*rtmwn," Mta Part. Misa Thoma«rMr G. Hart, Mr Sara, ^ S g H S g MtaBaney; ^lJUtle eweetheart,'«me t_wd 14g,a>e, W» «Hg»» dear dd home." Mitt 1 hanae, aooosa-; Soring a» evening. »"««•<»: FoSS" Mr Thompson. having^been^ven to (be kind friends who contributedBO mnoh to of the gathering, the meeting separawt _ ment TJl. ASdatitowfs usoal meeting of heMonTuesdaye^nlng St. FanPs Mutaa! rmprvn- Uetj to mesHent.Bev. W. Kildahl In the olialr. and M A Qoddarfln the vioe-cliair. AneaEayon-Dandcg" k ^ Wood -was -wel! o7the members. The essayist reoeitmd a hearty vo^ 5 thanlra for the excellent manner shebad deJtwii the subject Businesa for next mee^ng-A dmenssion on agrioaltnra! andmining pureutta. The following tominaUoca have bera recuved by Hr J. W. Gray, returning offionr, ior the two vaoan Z im the &y; Board of Advice : —Mesars W. rnLJL, J^OmpbeU. iam-. Ourtis, Fnrds Y<^7John W. MillJ,and;Henry Tnroer. ThepoU -win bo takBn on-aie l»tKB next month. , BotwiUistanding tbe 'extremely wet weathar tbere Academy of Mnstc Fn'l partloulars may be learned from the advertisement. The finalmeeting of subscribers to the Galloway monument fund was held last evening attto Buck's Bead hotel, whan all accounts wan audited, ana a balance of £2 9s remained in b»nd. It was agreed that the balance te equally divided between the Hos pital, Benevolent, and Orphan asylums, andthe*"'- SsoreUry was instructed to leave the eatce at Courier Office for the institutions nsm d The cec taries of the rrspeoHve institutions on, therrlore, receive their quota on application. We have reoeived from Mr Wllletts, Bridge street Ballarat, a specimen photograph by a prooess entirely new to the colony, tut known in Pans as th y enamel oarbon. and we must state that It surpasses anything In the art of ph itography we have yet seen , Ae a piotnre. even the portrait is perfect, and there is the advantage attache j that neither oil or any othe greasy substanee can effect the enamel. It Is aever e faaing, and. coupled with an exo-flest effect, the po trait has a beautifully toned lite-likeappearancs. Thia perfection has np: been arrived at without s ndy an aDparently tr. cfcte, and from the epecimen before u it may safely be said that Mr Wilietts ia entitled to e rank amongst the first artists In Us profession. Mr Oreo's Cornish readings of Hampton's biography, interspersed with snatches of hymns en- g by t- that eooentric preacher, were well given at Macarltra Street Schoolroom last evening, the harmonium accompaniments the after part of being the entertainment, performed by Miss by way Higgans. of chang In Mr Uran gave In good style one of Tregellae' drolle e of sketches, •' The Castaway miners " Mr Bray an Klaa Bosken also favored the ancliwnoe "with two pee songs at Intervals. The audience expressed itself as t greatly pleased witu the evening's entertainment. An entertainment was given ia the Mechanics' Hall, fmytbesdale. on Thursday evening by Sir B TngasUs,. a professor of legerdemain, who performed a nnmber of sleight cf hand and other tricks ind a very clever manner. Besides the usual tricks t a with hats, cards,h.ndkerebieffl, ccanges, money, &!>., tow Mr Tregaskis gave the bird- cage trick, and brought back the bird (a trained c«isry)sllve, and apparently nonethewo»eforitsmyeterioasdisapp9si«no. Thia was followed by the cabinet mystery, in which tha tile performer waa equally successful, for after a com mittee of three gentlemen had carefully examined the . cabinet, ropes, , a Bailor announcing (hat he had tied Mr Tragatkis in the cabinet with reef- knots, from which the processor extricated LimreS in an incredibly etort cpaoe of. time, much to the astonishment of the aforesaid tailor, who occupied « seat in the cabinet. The great Indian rope trick, and the handcuff test, a la Baldwin, were also given and concluded a really good evening's amusement. We have received a copy ef the programme of the spring exhibition of the Eohuoa Agricultural and , Pastoral Society, to be held on the 22nd and 23rd of nextm.tnth at Father Glsary, who las eo long resided In BUIarat 1 is aboni to leave for Ireland for tbe benefit of his health, which has ehown anything bnt favorable symptoms of 1**?. His horses be soil by Messrs O'Farrell and Bon to- day, and as th'y have a very good reputation, admirers of horstfl-sh will not probably absent themselves from the Armstrong street k mart on this occarios. The lady members of the y congregations of t3t- Patrick's and St. Alipias' are getting np a money Testimonial to tbe rev gentleman l and yesterday they were very sccse^siul in collecting donations. Mr L&crence; Dogdale, of Hfyrslong, reports having sold to Messrs Wade and Sterritt, of Bucgiree, the ClydtEdale colt " Tasman's Pride," by the champion sire " Tasmac," dam .Maggie 3rd" by " Pride of Scotland," f or the sum of £100. 'i'his colt, from tbe above ptdigree, ehoald prove a great acquisition to the district in which he £s located. We have reoeived the p-ospectns of tbe Australian bee Trotting Club, formed for the purpose of purchasing about 30 acres at NordicoU. e--jJ m«Mrjr «. trn'iinctrack, ltls ictenioa to bold ibout fr nr meetings per annum oa the course, and th» prospectes c^nclades as follows :—" The decline .if trotting is due to the fac that hitherto no proper conrfe oould be used, and tha when trotting races did take place, no stringent rale ran «nforoed; but wilh a good course for the purcse and a respectable p opr:rtary, there can be no _oubt that trotting will assume an importance it has never yet h«d in the colony, and will lead to the importation frctn America acd elsewhere of trotting sires, and the breeding r f a better claES ot horses." , The Commissioner of Customs (says the Age) made e the following memo, on 'J hnrsday aftemuon with respect to the chief harbormaster:—" In relieving Captain Payne ircm suspension, the Commissioner trusts tbe punishment already meted out to tbe chief harbormaster will prevent 'any recurrence of the neglect which might b&ve; been the cause of a sicrifioe of human life." Mr Clark further exp essed his pleasure ic learning from the report of Captain Heptnasse the nautical exemi&eroE; the department, that all the . other lighte and signals have been f uued correct and agree wilh the official notions issued to mariners. The oha>ge (atys the Telegraph} against the youth WenT, investigate;! »t tte police curort. Q.ueenscliff.on t Thursday, resulted ia the committal of William Werry, aged eighteen years, to take his trial at the CaUarat Assize Court on ihe 20th October next, for committing a rape on a married woman named Jana Wright, age sixty-two years The prisoner was defended by Mr r Harwocd, solicitor, Geelong, and Superintendent Chcmley prosecuted on behalf of the pdioe. On aocount cf t re character given of the ttrights by their - neighbors, great sympathy was apparently manifested cn behalf oi the youth by a nntnbar of the residents who attended the polioe court, bnt could not gain ad mittance on aocount of the case being condaoted ttit closed doors. The eandhutst correspondent of the Age says:— in A sad accident occurred on Tuesday, at Itack Creek whereby a littlo girl fiveyears old, named Iiucy Ferrari, met her death. She was, with other children, d malting a bonfire. Her clothes beoame ignited, and ḡ she was eo seriously burned that ehe died next t day." th , A petition (says the Telegraph) is now being sign by the stockowners and farmers of Victoria, requesting the Ohist Secretary to appoint a board of enquiry o ial to deal with the diaeases of stock. A cnriouB aooident ooenrred on Eunday Lat-t to a e little boy nine years of age, named Alexander Chapman, living in WarmambooL The Ezxainer says a d that "his mother, who takes in washing, foond it necessary to chop some wood, and whilst she was doing so the bey, who was bdttg clfated by a gande s ran in front of her. At the eame moment the uplifted axe descended and strnok the bay on the head \- a cutting through the skull, and didodging a triangular e piece of ft about 2 inches in diameter, without penetrating the brain The boy was taken toOr W. H he Owen, who replaced the bone, acd dressed the wound." A meeting of the Maryborough Heform Eieague wa t held (says aa Age telegram) on Thursday night. It g-waB unanimously agreed to send a telegram to Mr e Bowman, requesting him to attend a pnbtio meeting ol Ids ooastttnents at the earliest opportunity, in order to expUin his conduct at the Uandnrang election. o In revising the returns (says tbe Geehmg Adaert on Thursday, from the various palling booths, the re turning effljer, Mr Qunxingham, disoovered three s inaconncies, which reduce Mr Berry's majority over -.'or Andrews from 50 vctes to 47 votes. The mistakes occurred at Ko. 1 booth in the Kotth Geelong division, where Mr Berry got 142 votes instead of . 143, and at Ho. 1 booth, West Geelong, where Uie figures for Mr Berry were 233, and not 235 - y Somn.exdtenunt(sa?s tba Argui) Ss being caused • in Climate at present by the appearance of a "ghost" h that nightly promenades ihe railwayplatform, and has \- already eo seriously ftightened several persons as to tin render them very ilL A fsw nights ago ths apparition was firedat ceveral times,bnt without prodscing r any effect It is believed that some of ths residents y are perpetrating a foeli:-h practical joke, and the polioe have taken the mat .er iu hand. About a month a^o, a male patieittin the Kytelon - hosjatal had an important eurgical operation parformed upon him, which has bee J aitwded (says tho (roanSaa) with oimplcfe euaiess, and whereby hi» Ide bas bean eavel and prolonged From »>me unascertained cause, tha patient has for about two year ell e suffered from etiictnre of lb: (esophagus, and in ta» begin Ding of July the strict are was so complete tilt food, even in a thoroughly fiaidetate, could not be pannwl down tho oust mtry channeL The operation of gasirotoniy was performed, an openUg being -made in the patient's stamaeh, and be hat sine*, afte masticating hie tood, passed it into a motc^eoa, r thenos ooasejed through a vulcanised india-cabber pipe, and tilth an ivory nczse. Into ths eksuidi where tba food Is digested. The patient bas now -survived the operation thirty days, is atJs- to taks . eXBrcia%and is inoreamng in weight. Ha. can trka e a very islr emoilnt ol nourishment, tha timeoccupied ia meal being about ibne-qwten ot u hour. l Tba opening (Bnttaots after repletion. The operation Is rare, anlthaanmbsrof enoceacful eases etill lees common, and Dr Donoan, the rBsideat enrgeou of th r beanital, is to be congratulated«JK><1 the cnocaaa which has hitherto attended tha aktil and attentiok which ba haa glvan to this aaae^ Although the detective poBx'(Eays Hie Teltgrap c have been using every posAbie effort to apptebc^d th \- absconder, Hyman Qtoft, Iib0 have ant aunusaded u d to tbe present In diaocreriag bis wbereabruta. Haia .•* wanted"ona warrant ohaiffasg tim with tbe larceo aiaMISBOCawMi, i*toasi«7 10f, Has property of Mr KrakowAi, pMnAroia, p. ^EVENTOF HISAFPREHENGLOE*^_~F fc* of embeademsnt tobe Krfbonme Hebrew KDMCUte the delinqt^bM^ >• r Bant Issued will be snffldent foj*,? 8^ the polioe have enfoW it r ^ " Ithe la^i leamrt tL aboovered Groaa' whereibo^,,^ 'H be not left the colony, and „ h-H" ^ %b movements are beine careh-u! tunlty will be allowed 1dm todo departments on *S«) n the are over, Zinisters will addi " ens TtoMmates ir„ t0 to delay, and the or ler haa eouTi!5r Auctions r in all directions^ 1 ^^ eS:«. 0 »« I tt D - o °, nDor "si rtSnr, Upper House In the assemhlv rSl* 5 " 1 ®! Bah next Tuesday evenirg 2 Bobertson wBI ocmpy the cUir 6 p porters of Mr Oonnor are BL? 1 '' -Dutch Barry hotel, on Monij 5°6 o'olook. ' et «oi{ l, Tbe friends and sepporten d ' Basse!! are invitei byadverUe^Jr P tow ?u hoSel l Buninyong, oa H S -form themselves Into a ootnaiito,, tieman'selMtion. MessrsErisS.^' i owler, and other leaiicir eki^i r*™ -1 Bcsseire candidature The firstmeeting of the Hon P Bn.-u. . mera' committee will be held „ 'r Hotel, Bnnbtyrag next Hocdav o'olook. when ttse attendance of inriS'* partere is respectfully requested Dr. Thornton, Bishop of EtlW ^ aidms Idnuatnftt in St. John's CI Chnrch, „ Bolder* -o'doek to-morrow aite-oootL lu preach at the evening servics. We are requested to inf irm mmW re- Asaocbtion that, In conseqsenwrf a Mnese of the eecretny, the offis-t^^ ® , We are reqnested to draw attertw., ii-emest of tie Pallia Conreing Oloh .i^ e in another column. As tlia *Si ^ cf the club for this season, it is bar** a . of entries will be made. Th; hireSi ii 1 always numerous ant! strong, izi \ on-jf : r may be oonfidently anticipated on \- Tha anniversary tea and pubfe r-Excelsior Tent. fco.IS, I.O.L., wkvTstaken place en Monday ntxt in the BtaSh^ d leyan Lactore-haa. ha? been postponedtolon aoconnt of several similar gatiiaric: s about the same time. Due nc.Ua *io the affair will come eg, as bo oi1 w arrangements are completed. A meeting of owners oi entire her,, r and draught), is to be heldatthi (2s Ballan. cn Saturday, tbe 28th instanTST monthly sale at Ballan, to arnuga'foj? e. unnal hm^parade in the township thaitj st d A reoital of eacred music vri'J ba eirmlit. d Ohurch, Ballarat £ast.r« Wednesday ft, fa ember, when selections from Haying» ' will be performed on the organ. A ball and supper. t« celebrtk tha tkl aiy of the Ballarat German Assacati^rt the Fire Brigade station, Bartly etrat ^ ay. the 2ad of next month. Ihe ooaiii. o nso special exettiona this year to oatt & eLj lyable, and hops, thnefan t ot;H£3ally large attendants?. Tbeidrtiit where desc ibes where tickets car. be what promises to prove a very Intotesifcig inggathering. \- We are requested to call attention to lh^ ment in our oo'-nmns reepectisg the tenia held in the assembly room, Alfred Eiii. t by the Bev. M. 8. A Loocey, B.A. ^li p are invited to attend, and these in pis Moody and Sankey's hymns are ttquahi t their books TTlih 111- m The Bev J. W. Inglis will glrs retipi Saints' Sch.^olroc.m. Drummond strati, cen I- ereEing. There wiU ako be music. On Friday,the 27th instant, Hr robsctrl recital in tbe schoolroom ol tit i'eter'i, Che. street, in aid of tte parsonage acd orginfra Peter's Church. IC Ujical selecioas willhe— the choir. The Australian giant will hold alette itIK Standard hotel, l oveton strest. tvt o'clock this afternoon. In the era-itg br; Evans' Camp hoteL Hr Bobson is ancoucoed to gin Rdi^t Mount Pleatant WsMejm Chn-th ins - evening, ia aid of the fund beingriistd lets vation of that building. Hr Bts=f'i JP.,ti; tho chair. Anniversary -crmona trs adm&tdltU-; In tnS Town Hicsion Hall to-m-rrow evening In tha afternoon a serricc o! art will be giv?n by tha Mission SabbsthEchoci over by the missionary, Mrs W. I ill ! [ i.' organist. Cn 'I ue^day evenii-g a p'-ll::IK rl given in tbe came pli A special meeting of the Loyal Ealhn'.Lri!! 20, i.O.O.F-, will be held £ext its; oonsid.-r an application made by • J .3 meniEg m visr^jaDea ui ail Geaimuit be held in the City rtall next TusEdavifKr t four o'clock, to appoint a cotatcirtce d end t laymen to make arraugem'Ets lor orr s the KBnnal Chart y tncday coll- ctitxato^r district in aid of tbe district charitab'ei^A: 