FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29,1880. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28. In the Legislative Council— In reply to the Hon. W. SANDOVEE, the CHIEF SECRETARY said he had not yet made enquiries as to the truth or otherwise of the recent! alleged frauds on the Post-Office in connection with the Hamburg lottery. On a formal motion tbe Hon. W. Sakdovsb directed the attention ot the Council to the matter, and blamed the Government for not taking action against' the promoters of tbe lottery. The Hon. B. A. Tabltok hoped the Govern ment during the recess would obtain accurate data for a tnnEcontinsntal railway. - ' The local Courts Extended Jurisdiction BUI was received from tbbJfcraseof Assembly with a copy of His Excellency the Goyernor'a sag- j gestton that tbe amount tip to -which I<ocal : Courts should have jurisdiction should be re- ' atrioted to £400, and which had been adopted ' by tbe. House of Assembly. Tbe amendment was agreed to. j At 1 o'clock the Council adjouraed till 3.30, when His Excellency arrived for the purpose of proroguing Parlisiment. The House of As sembly attended by summons, and after variaaa Acts bad been assented to, His Bzoellency read tbe prorogation speech, and prorogued Parlia- ' ment &1 Friday, February 4,1681. In the House of Assembly— | Mr. West-Ebskocb, on a formal motion, called j attention to what he considered agrsreinjas tioe done to' the officers of the House by tbe rejection of tbe Parliamentary Salaries Bill by tbe Legislative Council. The,amendments made by tie Legislative Counci in tbe .Northern Territory Sugar Culti vation Bill were agreed to. A suwssge was re ceived from His Excellency the Governor re turning die Local Courts BHI with an amend ment altering the limit of jurisdiction from £50 j to £iOO, and a new clause providing for larger powers of appeal. The amwidmtint wa* agreed to and tbe new clause was rejected on a divisi jn by IS votes to 13. A message was subsequently, received from the Legislative Council announc ing that that Chamber agreed with the Assem bly's action with regard to this Bfli. At 1£ pjn. the House adjourned till 850. at which iionr members proceeded to the Legis lative Council Chamber, where the prorogation of Parliament took place. TnrnsDAY saw the close of the hut chapter in the history of our ninth Parliament. Whilst it is tree that Hie Excellency the Governor in his speech prorogued the two Houses until the 4th of February, 1861, it is fully understood that it is not at all pro bable die Parliament will be again called together. There need be no doubt that the prorogation will be followed at the proper time by a proclamation announcing a disso lution. Great hopes were entertained as to what would be accomplished whan the country returned the Ajaaembly as now con stituted, but the results have not justified the expectations. It was supposed, and the supposition was based on the very outspoken and apparently earnest character of many of the epeeches delivered on the hustings, that the present Parliament would have devoted itfielt to some of the weightier matters requiring attention, and would have dealt with them in a way which would have shown that its members pos sessed, to some extent at any rate, that grasp of mind and knowledge of the needs of the country which ought to be essential qualifications for a seat in our Legislature. But the candidate at an election is a very different person from the member on the floor of the House. Why this should be it is hard to say; but experience teaches that it is co. Another curious circumstance^U that the legislative work of our Parliaments can scarcely be said to extend over the whole ! period of the three years for which they are elected. In the opening session little as a rale is dona because it is .the first session, and because the new members have not Lad time to settle down to their duties- The second session is generally that in { which something like an honest attempt i& made at legislation, and it is well that this is the case, as in the final session the in fluence of the approaching elections is pal pably felt, and with other causes operates to render it unfruitful of useful results. Pope somewhere speaks of himself as "idle with a busy air;" and this very well describes the chronic condition of many of our members of Parliament- They give one who watches them the idea of industry, but somehow or other little or nothing comes of their industriousness. They are always willing to talk on anything and everything; but what is the practical outcome of all this flood of words? As a general thing, we are veirj much afraid, it is nothing. Our legislators have certainly no special liking for really important political questions, and this distaste on their part is not often coun teracted by the influence of th.9 occupants of the Treasury benches. Matters of mo ment get thrust aside, while little petty details or trivial personal questions are discussed with a heartiness and thorough ness that would be amusing-, if it were not pitiable. Thus it is that parliamen tary sessions are not productive of greater good. We do not say that the Parliament which has just closed was the worst of the nine Parliaments which the colony has had since the establishment of constitutional government. A Te do not thick co, but we do say most emphatically that it has not realised its promise or ac complished in many ways what might reasonably have been expected of it. The speech delivered by Sir William Jervcison Thursday was a model speech in «oe particular at least. It was brief, and very much to the point. As a statement of ' the history of the session it was quite fair. There -was nothing in it that the most extreme member of the Opposition could take exception to. The Government took no undeserved credit to themselves, but simply stated the facts of the case, and it must be admitted that the work of the session makes a more creditable show than there was reason some weeks ago to expect would be the case. Still, important and essential legislation is conspicuous bj its absence. One of the most noticeable of the new measures is the Act extending the jurisdic tion of the Local Courts. These tribunals will now have jurisdiction in cases where the amount involved does not exceed £400, with a power of appeal on the law, but not on the facts. The Public Trustee Act, which ifi a very necessary enactment, pro vides for the care and management of the estates of deceased persons, and for the protection of the interests of their widows and children; while the Settled Estates Act affords means for dealing with entailed hind, which, it seems, is in many cases lying vacant asd unproductive through inability to grant lessee, or to give good titles to pur chasers. Another legal measure makes provision for retiring allowances to such of the Judges of the Supreme Court as may become unfit for their duties after serving on the Bench for a period of twenty years. This provision should have been made long ago, and thus have prevented, to use His Ex cellency's words," the objectionable system of appeals in individual cases to the bounty of Parliament" The list of legal Acts is completed with the long promised reform with regard to insolvent debtors. The Act abolishes imprisonment for debt, places the management of estates in the hands of the creditors, and, it is stated, protects the honeat and provides for lie punishment of fraudulent debtors. If this latest legislation is always successful in the latter particulars, there will be substan tial cause for satisfaction. At present we are disposed to think that our insolvency laws benefit the dishonest rather than the honest trader. Reform has long been advocated in these columns, and we are very glad to know that something has at length been done. Amongst the other additions to the statute-book are Acts consolidating and umanding the laws relating to licensed victuallers and municipal corporations; and imposing Customs duties and authorising the granting' -of blocks of land for the culti vation of eugar in the Northern Territory. Hi? Excellency's speech opened by congra tulating Victoria on the success of the Melbourne Exhibition, which, with the Exhibition in Sydney last year, it is thought cannot fail to prove advantageous to die Australian colonies. Reference was made to the fact that the Government had accepted an invitation to attend a conference in Melbourne to consider the desirableness of united action on the part of the Aub fraiian Governments to restrict an exces sive influx of Chinese, and to dksusa the question of the border duties of South Ajue tralia, New South Wales, and Victoria; and also to the confidence of Enylish capitalists in the stability and resources of the coloay, as shown by tbe high price which onr bonde command in the London market. This good opinion will no doubt be strengthened when it is known that reforms have been effected which bring the expenditure of loan funds more directly under parliamen tary control. Under the old arrangements, after the passage of a Loan Bill ihe Parlia ment lost all control of the expenditure; but on the recommendation of the Finance Commission a system has been inaugurated by whkh, after Loan Bills have been passed, estimates of the proposed expendi ture on public works and in salaries have to be submitted to the Assembly and are open to criticism. During the past few days there has been sn evident restlessness, especially amongst members of the Assembly, and it was plainly a relief when His Excellency dis missed them "from further attendance in Parliament, r so that they might at once go wherever business or pleasure may take them. A retrospect of the session brings very prominently under notice the good fortune which has attended the present Ministry. Although no doubt the various de partments have been well administered, their firmest adherents cannot deny that they have made mistakm. Still, whatever may have been the cause—whether the cordial support of friends, the weakness of the Opposition, or the chapter of accidsnts, or a combination of the whole—there can be no question that the Government have scarcely been in troubled water during the whole session until the present week. Had the prorogation not been so near the result of recent events might have been serious; bat comfortably seated in their ministerial offices, and having fairly entered upon the recess. Miaisterj can afford to smile even at Wednesday's very awkward division. It may be added that several members of the Governm<?nt have been in office during the whole of the present Parliament, which is a circumstance unparalleled in the history of the country. For some time to come we supppoae political matters will be somewhat in abeyance. Indeed it is to be doubted whether they will receive much notice until after the holidays, when the elections for the new Pailiament will begin to attract attention. These elections ought to and no doubt will excite great interest, as the Parliament has left many important matters undecided, and upon which it will be necessary for the various constituencies to express weir opinions. The prorogation of Parliament took place on Thursday, October 88. Both Houses met at Jl-30 juol, and the remainder of the business before Parliament «it disposed of by about 1 pjn., when,the two Houses adjourned tUI 330, at whichjhour they reeassmbled. His Excellency the Governor, attended by Lieut. Jerrois, 8.8., Colonel Domes, and Captain Ferguson, arrived at the Oooncil Chamber shortly after balf-past 3, and the members of the House of Assembly baviag been summoned to the bar of the Council, the usual formal business in connection with the prorogation took place. A large number of Bills were assented to, and His Excellency then delivered the pro rogation speech. The Governor wore tue Windsor uniform, with the decorations of the orders to which he belongs; and Colonel Downes, Captain Fergusson, and Lieut. Jerrois were also in uniform. The ceremony of proro gation was witnessed by a considerable number of (spectators, wbo assembled in the Council gallery. A guard of honor comprising about 60 volunteers, under Captain France, were stationed opposite Parliament House, and saluted His Excellency on his arrival and de parture. The amendments made by the Legia ative Council in the Northern Territory Sugar Cultivation Bill, the effect of whioh is to give tbe Bill a general instead of a particular appli cation, were agreed toby theHouaeof Assembly en Thursday, and the measure was subsequently assented to by His Excellency the Governor, In accordance with a promise made br tbe Treasurer to the Assembly on Wednesday. Bis Excellency tbe Governor was advised to return tbe Local Courts SOI to the Honse wttsi - an amendment altering the limit of juriadiotioD. of die Local Courts from £600 toftOO.anda sew clause making provision for anneal bom tiie decision of Local Courts in the "new ex tended jurisdiction on facto as well as law The Governor 1* message was received bjr the House at their sitting on Thursday, and the <"?">Vli?fint recommended for their adoption km agreed to, bat the new clause mi on a division rejected! The action of the Boose was subsequently en dorsed by tbe Legislative Council, ;and the Bill as amended received the Governor's ■is cat shortly before the prorogation. The statement made recently by the Commissioner of Public Works in the Boom of Assembly with regard to the old jetty at Wal laroo is challenged by the locsl paper. " Te-My tbe necessary repairs have been effected m," according to the fPatlaroo Time*," to stata srhat is utterly incorrect. Certainly 'same men -Were employed for a few days, but tbe work done by them has not in any way fitted the old jetty'to / stand the heavy sixain of the coming wheag - ■ season. The Oommimtioner of fuhlie WjoeksJV has generally acted consistently, bat we are A at a loss to know why be ebeuid have made** *nch a statement in connection with -tbe work referred to unless be bat been misinformed, or else, like some of bis colleagues, has been seised with adeems to get peacefully into recess at any price. We have repeated iy pointed oat the folly of allowing each • valuable structure as tbe present jetty at Wallaroo to go to rain for want of a little timely repair, as ft wQI be essentially necessary to retain it for small shipping, which will not be able to discharge at the sew jetty with such ease, on account of its being four feet higher. It would bemuch better for the Government to say at ouee tbat they do sot intend to retain this jetty than te bark the question by informing oar memburs at the end of tbe session that it has received tneneeessary repairs. Tbe sa Cotopaxi wbi righted off Cape Borda at IL3O last night She trill reach the Semaphore at about BJBO tfcis morning. Messrs. Harrold Brothers' liner Oatalpa sailed from Kingston on Wednesday, October 27, with a full cargo, consisting of B^Bo bales of wool. Acting under instructions from Aflaf«% , :■ flic Emigration Agent in 'London has chartered the ship Star of India to sail from Plymouth on *- the Ist of December with emigrants for South Australia. Tbe annual services in connection with St. Paul's Sunday-school will be held in tbe church on Sunday next. A special feature in these services will be the augmentation of tbe. choir by a number, of young girls bom the school, who have been specially trained to assist on this occasion. The preachers will be the Bey, F. Coghlan, MJL, and tbe Bey. W. B. Stanford, MJU, in the morning and evening respectively. ' Tbe somber of births and deaths regis tered in the General Begister Office during the weekended Saturday, October 23, was:—Birth*— 76 males, 79 females;; deaths—3s «!<«, is females; total-156 birth*, 68 deaths; excess of births, 102. In tbe District of Adelaide the numbers were:—Births—SO males, 25 femalesV ' deaths—9 males, 9 females; total-55 Kr&is;, 18 deaths ;«xce? of births, 87. Our Virginia correspondent calls atten tion to a disgraceful act perpetrated in At* ■<■ township. It appears that as the letter-bos: *fc^ tie poetrfMee was being«ieared out «a Tuesday mottling, a large lizard alive was found inntte'S* box among tbe letters. This, onr correspondes* fays, is out the first time that the letter-bbxfes*: ' bees interfered with, and he very justly eon- ; rders that tbe larrikins who play these practical jokes should be severely punished. The' ninth, ordinary meeting of the Spencer's Gulf Steamship Oompanv (Limited) ' was held on Thursday, October'2B, at the company's office, North-terrace There was miS good attendance. Mr. W. H. Onamo k, who oconvied the chair, moved tbe adoption of tbo directors' report, which was earned aen. «**.■ 7 Tbe usual half-yearly dividend at the rate of 10/ per cent per annum was declared and paid. ■; •■ The border Watch is informed by Ux.' T S. Banatt, of the firm of Bacatt & Andrews, that be bad no difficulty in engaging hands a - Melbourne to take tbe place of those who left Ids employment in consequence of the dispute - •boat the boon of labor. He found that the majority of firms. in Melbourne paid by tbe hour, and that the boors of labor were mostly ten per day. He explained hi* caee to the presi dent «t tbe Viotozmn *r??Atf Association, who | tbongbt bis men made a ■■«■s?*?■ in tbe i"?nJVr'n> they had taken np. The following is Thursday ntarSssft w«atber report on the Adelaide and Sock Darwin Telegraph Line :—Port Darwin, calm, dear, fine; Southpert, calm, dear, fine, warn; - Tarn Oreek,N.W, dear, fine; Pine Greek, calm, . clear,fine; Biver Katharine, calm, dear,fine; Powell Qreek,BJL,dear,fine; Tennant Oceek, 88, dear, fine; Barrow Greek:BJS, clear.fine; &■*, dear, fine; Peake, HJB, dear, fine; '.. Btrangways Springs, S.W., dew fine; Farina, ~c KiV«lear, fine: Beltana, Nuclear, fine. At an adjourned meeting of the BSgbt Hours Society, beld at the Metropolitan Halloa; Thnnday«wsfuuA October 38. for tbe purpose of considering what s^i? should-betoken-in refereuoe to the ■*rifc?«f *nafi<i? w w ftrfm j: w«"nt Gambier, a letter was received stating tbat the men bad gone to work. ■ Their employers, Messrs. Barrett fc Andrews, being in a fffiM"n to get plenty of men from Melbourne who were willing to work ten boon a day, tbe workmen decided to accept tbe terms offered and return to work far fifty-three boars & week. She matter thus being settled the society bad nothing more to do. The steamta? Albatross returned to Port Adelaide from the Batata on Wednesday nigbt, October 27, with 2* tons bar and sheet iron, being the last lot of cargo tint is to be brought away. One of the -holds of the vessel is now completely planked over, and the others «re - - being proceeded with as fast as possible. It has been found necessary to let the water in agaia in a great part of the vessel ao«s to prevent is bumping, It has however, to be frequently changed in consequence «f theofiEeasive. «meU that arises from it after it has remained for « few days. The Albatross leaves tne Port again ' this evening-with ibafouttti-and 4ast load-of-- clay to be used for padding. On Thursday afternoon the coroner re ceived intimation that a fire bad oooorred in aa upper workroom -on the premises of Messrs. Berminghaw Brothers 1, Hsadley-stteet boos factory. Anexaminatianof tbe spot where.tbft . . fire started revealed that a large bag of linen for severafrnbnths, had bean on fire, and it socnis,. ■ «* a workman who enjoys bis pipe used to bang bis. • coat orer-4be-elippmga.- Tbe precise erase -of the fiiiejwas not ascertajned,but Mr. Sermmguam was cantioned that be most remove aueh in flammable material from bis premises. No in quest win be held. A short time ago the boiler plates of the steam launch Triton, belonging to Mr. fi. Jagee, of the Semaphore, collapsed throqgh she nejdi genoe of flic engine-driver Talbot in omitting to see that tbe boiler contained a sufficient quantity of water. Talbot was discharged by Mr. Jagoe, who was afterwards ?ued by tbe engine-driver for £S wages, M was to be ex pected tbe case went against Talbot, who waa also fined far negligence. Zhuiisg the hearics; of the ease Mr. Jagoe stated that be enlytooc the action he did on pnnainie, and tbat he in tended to give tbe £5 to some charity. W now learn tbat a cheque for tbat amount ha been banded over to the secretary of the Ooa valeseent Hospital at the Semaphore. On and after November 1 the delivery o" letters by carrier in Walkerville will be ex terded to Prospect, where a pillar-receiver will be erected. After tbe same date the delivery by letter-carrier in Thebarton will be extended to Hemmington and Southwark, and a new post-office will be opened at West Tbebarton. A new post-effioe will also be opened at the end of October at Franklin Harbor, four miles from. the landing place, and the post-ofiee at present known as Franklin Harbor wOl be called Wangaraleidnie. On 'the Ist of November a weekly mail service between 'Wallaroo and Frsnklm Harbor will be established; corres pondence for which from Adelaide wffl be for warded every Monday morning. At tbe end of tbe present month tbe mail to Ooondambo will be carried weekly instead of fortnightly as at present. A meeting of past grand officers of the GlanviUe, Alberton,an<l Jervois Lodges, L0.0J., was held in the Loyal JervoisJLodgeroom on Wednesday evening, October 27. DJ>.<*. Master H. Frankenburg was voted to the chair, and he explained that the object of tne meeting waa to devise some means of raising lunc>u to aid and as*ist the widow and fiicii.v of the late E.W.G. secretary (Brother D. B." Bradbury), who has been left totally on provided for. It was tben carried tbat a concert re given at an early date in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the above. Toe fol> ;lov&««Mtt«tt« Zm2&m; klaatei a «nay ■ ■iiitw T>pnif n ruiitniiTwin. m.in K.Bfc*a^W>gieU, ft. A ? «oae,O.&. John — - *hW-Tnf« Swart. Ataawmndatr Humdn?. «ft wastnjgLresblveil .ttat * anb-oommittee. oon -^UuTCIMn. Frankenberg, Biohards,and -fiMaffinWiLpptfntedtboKnr out,the neoes f ary «WMmmen*i ior (be eonaert. P.O. Alex. Saactfm was elected hon.veor.6uy, aud awjt stt lip to closeda veryordoriy At the meeting-of the Marine Board on Thurfdax, OctoberX), • letter was received faaoMfSim; Kmgstaa * Kingston in answer to a coti&nbitfon; bom the board ma to the welaV''**'*ol3™*' U?e enqniry respect Si «ss?fiora*a< With theletter there TOsWeasbsm en the subject from Messrs. a at'ifi -Captain Fowler's solioi ton, w&*ald that they respectfully bat firmly profcifed against tlie Marine Board proceeding InwcXtiatery with the enquiry. The captain was \- atfll «a board using the most unremitting efforts -*? gat the ship off, and by the Cotopaxi, which m dally expected, appliances and assirtanoe would arrive which he very confidently baud would lender his efforts saaoess fuL Meanwhile, "there being no question cf inraaabas involved, the Marine Board pr - ahip, whftti~lie uj?oSe^yftmuLpf eaTO.^ot.tl^ , parraraTijaUgjifgW epqurasi' to Jhi* fit icssj diMry^SC^^^io' ;^h«i nt*2?. and asusf the fcoard in any action they may his ship amd allow th?-board to aot as they may be advise!" lfi,^.*^ fc irrupt™, •aid that they.thought about November SO -weald Bxdt atLpartlea concerned tor the enquiry. ThetMjsiddid not deem it neoessary to take -*aj "action towards further hastening tie eaaii&g;: Th&workatthe; Fort Victor breakwater is,aayAthe£ta(fa£r? Argut, pngcearing slowly but earely. Harm* the last few months the weather baa bawiwiiihai to interfere very muoh with speedy, stark, and that already done has heeaeaarel|r tested, happily without a atone . With finer weather in view, and the addition of another powerful crane, expected, it is anticipated that greater progress -wfil'be aaade <JiHi?g the rammer months. A large faaa beenbored, principally by the \- inach«ery oonaeoted whh the air-compressor -enginavand it is now almost ready for firing, by whnhSt is boned a fine lot of granite wiU be liberated. The breakwater is now oat about 4Sofeetum the top, and, of course, verymaoh furtherjat the bottom. The eerew-pile jetty is almost fobbed, tweaty bays having been fixed, -•ad stash of the decking ia laid. Ibeeontraet time, we believe, expires about Jane next, bat judging from the time less than the first half baa taken we.ace no probability of the works ■ *t**«f ""—r'ftf^^y^tn We trust, however, ot^ae'contractor,that the 'Tftrtuntr <wotk wmbt4ebyed ai little as possible. The daat" firing for the selection of wghteenrmenian who are to contest in the inter colonial ifoinafeh, whwh ia to take phuse in meO?ort**wardstteendoi November, waa -*■■■■—?pprt*t??Fnlbam?angeson Thursday, Kktobe^Bfc.' Thekewere no leas than sixty oom-. OOOBBtSaBUff ICUMOSOKatBwbVSB rw^pi fiQO n.rt Tnr"ftssMsfinn. the infantry,cavalry, and artOleteai^aaxangementafortse trial have bam carried «at by Oapt J. A. Ferguson, AdjutantiA. at Woods. ,As mafelbonTne firing from anypjsi- Mob wallowed, it was decided to allow the com .petifacs to fit* from the backward position. This -eansed more excitement ti>an usual amongst the ■mi^mmm, as several of them who all almg . have been favorable to the backward position have not bees allowed by Colonel Downes to \- fin in that manner. The reason for the pro bibitiaiisthat it is not a military position, a« aoldiers when in action cannot fire from the back when wearing their knapsacks. This ia an im portant matter affecting some of oar prominent ■beta, as in the forward position they invariably . make poor scores, while from the back they alw?T*-Obtaia high averages. The bnUseyas of the tars Mis Mad on Thnraday were twelve inches in diameter, while the bnUseyea in Melbourne are only-eight inches in diameter. The weather was vet* favorable. The wind was "light tot shifty-Jfte light was steady throughout the •day. batrtewarde^evening the sky became over «ast,a4dat about balf-pMt 5 o'clock ti>e order waa pvemwiosaas firing. It waa-decided that the disaSewsbwalo be aOO,«o,and6oo yards, with te?^ebots at cash range. The>eonditions were tfcataQ nntapntitors not inakiag thmty fomts out.«r*> paanble 40 ia the first range abonld drop vot. and taow aot scoring 00 in the ffrgfc anff *^**^ttfl ***^fl* il sjbiwld also be disqiia* iified. ■gaeijting was Teiy goud,as over twenty ■berof psfiitstAaaalify themfor a iwaitTiwi in abeteamy The Scat fwo-tatoges were, the only diatanees completed. The 600 yards range was «Daamanced ( bat "only five shots were fired. Owing b:thescore4fa?6ts being Incomplete we ahall bsjotiaWejto pnhlish the partknlarsof the £ang natal ttH?otrow. Prirata J.B. Bmit*, af Start A^lsideyat present beads the list with a sworn oFM^B «f a possible 100. PctvateaL AllMonipr sttaiaidH, *nd Uentanant Baylor, of aara tied for aeeond position with a aeo?etf tthe firing will be continued* Theadjouraee! ■qwrUsAj meeting of tiie AdeUide^Betsil Drapers' Association is te be iieU this evening in the King of Hanover HoteL Dr. Hagany will lecture in St. Andrew's Ball, WakeAaldatreet, fiuserening, on "The HerveaT - A tue&tgci; the National Cricketing Associate Vto be held at the Hoogh and Bsrrowl^oceldu evening. The Jftmestow? Blfle Company has been dab enroUed under the Bine Oompanies Aot of Mt ;■. The Adelaide Mohawk Minstrels will xfo an entertainment in the Town Hall. Port . ftrlnlairW. on Tuesday evening next, in aid of toe l?iiiUa uoona fond. Frofeesor Pepper's second lectoze on ele "^ mfiiiarj aattonomy will be given in Garner's Theatre Shis afternoon, the subjeot being "The ;Bonand tke Plscets." Toe tenth annoal exhibition of the North . Adelaide Juvenile Floral Society is to take place in the Brougham- place schoolroom this \- afternoon and evening. Entries for the Foresters' picnic on the Kensington Oval, on its Prince <I Wales"* Birth day, will be received by the secretary at tne Cumberland Hotel every Friday and Wednesday . «vaamg till date of picnic. At the meeting of the South Australian Football Association.held on Thursday evening, October 88^ a beaotifnlalbaniwss presented to Mr W.aii&t;, It bars the foJlowing inscrip tion:—" SJUFX—Presented to Mr. W. Slight \- wa token of his efficiency as field \- umpire, 1880.? Professor Pepper had another capital banse to'^witaeaj nb ghost entertainment at Garaeraffheate Csi Friday evening. The per fanna&oe;,as an previon* occasions, was alike aysterioasand wnnsmg, the varisos apsetxal illnsionsb>ageleveriyaunaged,andt?*jasenei into whicn they sire introduced made thoroughly lively. The tT*art-iT'ttM>*, " A walk tbrongh pondon," aod the sfcadow paatomime aleo formed very enjoyable features of the pro mmm This evening the same programme is tabs given. The ?mmml picnic of the children attend ing the schools under thn care of the Sisters of St. Joseph took place on Thnraday, October 38\. At forelock in the morning about 1,000 . ehudren from^he North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, Horwood, Kensington, Hrifrstreet, Mitcham, Marion, Albsrtan, Brompton, and Heetorrille schools and tiie«rphans from the aaagul and Oatholic orphanages assembled at St. Igna tfns*s <%unh. aorwood, when mass having been celebrated by the Bey. Jos. Tappeiser, SJ, tiiey jMre.Jptmed in .procession, and • beaded by Q« Hibernian Oatfaolis Benefit Society's Bsind, marched to the grounds of the Catholic Ofphasage at Bornside, Here the Various sports incidental to each gatherings were entered Into, with spirit, and the inner man having been well provided for, the, ohildren retained to their re apeetive ■bestes -jar Ute- evening,- evidently well pleased with their day's outtag. In addi tion to th?.S«hobljdJildren, a Urge number of friends attended, including those who so kindly assisted atihe JateJhazaar, and who pre aent by special invitation from tte Siatera. For titese an "«f*>—'* lunch waa provided, and the good Sister* evidently did all in their power to ahow their gratftnde to those who materially inwirt-" 1 ttem. The children from the Port and -AJbertoneenools were conveyed-to the ground by means of four of Messrs. Hill b Oo.'s large bases and"tiie other children by the Norwood teamcars. ",• . " t?*atossrs.Barfcag-*VChembers wish iis-to eaU special attantaon to tfieb? akUvot CO superior' X Out Marekand Geldings, ex Claud Satnufam, -* abb Day, etSottock, at the Sturt Bazaar. - 