DR. ANGUS ON THE REVISION OF AUTHORISED VERSION. THE A large and respectable audience assembled on Tuesday evening, the 13th inst., to hear Dr. Angus lecture, in Upper Holloway Chapel. Dr. Angus is a man of marked individuality; tall, spare, with high and full brow, and eyes indicative of great intellectual strength. He began by telling his audience as a little secret that reading was easier to a lecturer than talking, but that for their sakes he would talk! In his introduction he dwelt upon th6 power of books, which penetrated to circles which the living voice failed to reach. He gracefully told the well-known story of Doddridge being converted through reading "Bunnay's Resolution," of Wilberforce, Chalmers, and Leigh Richmond becoming converted, and writing popular books. Of all books the Bible was incomparable. ^ If a large margin were given to a copy of the Scriptures, thousands of verses might be marked a» having led to regeneration or edification during the centuries from the Ethiopian eunuch to this day; not only had great texts become golden fruit, but even clauses, the very leaves of this tree, were for the " healing of the nations." The subject of the Revision of tho authorised version was important to all, but especially to Nonconformists, whose only guide and standard was the New Testament. Some were timid of a new translation, lest it Bhould shake and unsettle instead of fixing and confirming. Dr. Angus respected this feeling. The present translators had no idea of attempting to improve the style of the authorised version • that would be an attempt to "gild refined gold and paint the lily." Their object was otherwise. Though there were three or four Greek translations of the Old Testament in Christ's day, He quoted from the Hebrew Scriptures, Greek in this case was only a version of the Hebrew Scriptures, and, like all translations, inadequate. Paul went to the Hebrew, and translated it into week. . ( , , . , Jtofee hundred ,<fod fl% V&te; After ,thw„J«rotife, a Latin tffttfajt,ttttdtal IMtfh Tftfcittfe, wW6h, though opposed in his day, were, as translations issued from his hand, subsequently accepted by Romanists as inspired. . j . ., ! Luther's translation was admirable, and in its lliargin was much improved by the criticisms of modern scholarship. There are different versions iif Germany and in France, so that the present revision is not a new thing, but simply doing what has fcften been done foretime. In England it was an unspeakable blessing that for many years we had |n public use only one Bible. In comparing numerous ancient versions, the traikLators found minor differences, but a substantial agreement. For fifty years after the printing of the authorised version there continued in public use the Geneva, Wycliffs, and the Bishop s Bible. Since our translation there had been fifty improved English versions used by scholars. Where the authorised version does not express the sense of the original, it ought to go. Tenfold more work has been done since the beginning of this century by translations in heathen lands than was done in 1,800 years previously, including apostolic gift ot tongues and the Pentecostal blessing. The first Christians only reached some thirty millions m the Roman world, whereas we have brought within thg Bible sound eight hundred millions. It is better to encounter difficulties now than to postpone them, fer of necessity they would have to be met. The desideratum was to get a text and version as nearly as modern scholarship can to the words which the Holy Ghost taught. Can we be sure that our Greek copies are a fair representation of the autograph of Paul and other inspired writers 1 As a matter of fact we have no autograph of Paul and his fellow laborers ; but it doeB not fol- low that we may not some day have such a priceless treasure. How is this possible ? In the 70th year of the Christian era there was the notable eruption of Vesuvius, suffocating and entombing the inhabitants of Pompeii, while the population were actively at their daily work. Pompeii and Herculaneum have in our day been disentombed, and persons and things have been found in "a wonderful state of preservation," just as they were when suddenly destroyed—chalk-writing on the walls scribbled by school-boys, just as in our own age and land ; and other writings. Cities in Italy and in Egypt have also been buried in ruins, where, owing to the dryness of the climate, colors and materials have been found in a wonderful state of preservation and freshness. St. Mark lived in Alexandria, and Mark's Gospel may yet be found, also others. Paul's autograph letters may yet come to light. No MSS. have yet been found. What a wonderful and priceless discovery would be Paul's Letters to the Romans with his autograph, should it some day be un earthed. How can we know, as we have not any apostolic writing, that the versions we have are substantially what the apostles wrote? Ten or a dozen MSS. '•of independent scribes are sufficient to settle any MS. _ Our new version was printed in 1516. Erasmus had 16 MSS. going back some 300 years. Now we have 1,600 manuscripts. Three of these go back to the fourth century—the Protestant, the Romanist, and the Greek. The Alexandrian MS. has been in the British Museum since the time of Charles II., and is now being photegraphed. The Vatican MS. is in the Vatican at Rome. The Sinaitic was found during the last 25 years near Sinai, and is at St. Petersburg. ,, ,. , During the last few years the reading ot the Fathers has been more painstaking and extensive than ever. We have, of their writings, 150 folio volumes, in which the very words of the early Scriptures are largely quoted. It is an important fact that if every version of the New Testament in the world were destroyed these Mbfc. ot the Fathers would supply all, except about 30 verses! Will these 1,600 MSS. support our version of the New Testament or not ? The Duke of Grafton supplied Griesbach with means to collate numerous copies of the New Testament, with a view of setting aside Christ's divinity. The great scholar thus reported—" While the 1st chap, of JohnB Gospel, the 1st chap, of H e b r e w s , and other portions continue, the Godhead of Christ cannot be set aside. alterations, The present but translators are not necessitated will make to many make minor even one of an essential kind. The revisers have been nearly ten years at their work. What changes have they made ? Twd hundred and seventy years have elapsed «nce tke authorised version was printed and published. During thiB long period the English language has undergone remarkable Who would now buy a dictionary 100 years old t Many words have become obsolete, and many others have changed their meaning ; they do not mean now what they meant then, and a sense they bear which is no longer true is a very serious mischief. There are as many as 250 words which have no longer the meaning they had when the authorised version was printed, but quite a different meaning. Some examples were given hand; thus the word "prevent meaning in relation to the resurrection, and this error has strengthened those who teach two resurrections t " Prevent," as used in the collects, &c.;, means to be there first. The word "religion' is used only once in our NewTestaraent, and three times m the Greek, and alwayB means worship and service. "Conversation" is a prominent word. ItBigmhes in the original good behavior, course of life j conduct not talk, turning round in daily life. The word "damnation " in Corinthians and the prayer book, in relation to eating and drinking, has kept thousands from the Communion. The Greek word signifies condemned. Canon Farrar says the word has no business there, and hopes the translator will turn it out. This word has, of course, changed its meaning; but it was common 300 years ago; a writer about that time thus wrote : When Judas saw that JesuB was damned he went out and hanged himself " Damnation and condemnation were used interchangeably. All Latin scholars know that condemnation is the stronger word of the two. The word rendered condemnation signifies final, irremediable. Eternal punishment as a doctrine does IX depend upon this word, but is taught in such phraseB as " They Bhall not see life, but the wrath of God abideth on them." . This iB patent; we must not keep words in the New Testament that mislead. Many portions of Scripture of themselves are hard to be understood." Why increase these v difficulties? The revisers have to follow idioms as well as words. The authorised translators made a grave mistake when they laid down the rule to translate the same New Testament word, of set purpose, by various English words. This was most bewildering. In the Old Testament we meet with "atonement" often, " propitiation" never. The New Testament was divided into parts and translated by different men; hence it came to pass that Greek words were translated in one way by one set of men, and in another way by another. Now, it is all important that Greek words, whenever they will admit of it, should be translated by the same English words, whereas the old translators boasted that they did not. Tlis word " repent" was instanced as conveying error. God is said to repent; and Judas, and believers, and thewicked—everybody was repenting. But the same word was not used in relation to different persons. "Hell" was also given, of which Romanists made much, especially in relation to Peter, whom they make to say that Christ preached in torments to lost souls. The Greek word has two distinct meanings, (a) The unseen state, including both heaven and hell, (b) The place of torment. If the present translators have not, as they by no means affect, greater intelligence than their predecessors, unquestionably they have greater facilities. If the moderns are little men, at any rate they stand upon the shoulders of the old translators.. The revisers have the helps which their predecessors had, they have also their translation, and, in addition, the researches of the last 300 years—the aids of a more thorough scholarship. Take the words in Ephesus, " Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed 1" with the startling answer. Whereas it should read, "Did ye receive the Holy Ghost when ye believed ?" Answer : " We did not so much as hear whether the Holy Ghost was given." It was not given in its fulness at John's baptism. Take the words in Hebrews, them that " rule over you;" it should be rendered, Remember your leaders, so far as they have spoken the Word of God: Copy, not follow. Half the expressions of this passage are erroneous. If there is any Wesleyan class leader here, he ought to give £5 for our college for this thought. Spiritual insight with a good understanding, man taught of God who has no Greek, will explain hard passages much better than a smatterer in Greek who is not taught of God. Ten years this year the translators have been at work, and they hope the revised translation will be published at the close of this year. Readers, unless they carefully examine, will not discover the tenth of the work that will have been done. The transi lators have tenaciously held to the rhythms, idioma, and venerableness of the old translation, aJJi when the sense was sufficiently clear and true they have not altered ; there has been no change for.the sake of change. Forty days a year have been spent upon this work, seven hours a day—2,800 hours in the ten years, making two years of working days, without a single penny of remuneration, beyond travelling expenses for those who live in the provinces. A considerable number of the translators are poor men, but he had heard all devoutly say, again and again, that they had been amply repaid by a fuller light and increased blessing in their "labor of love." They have the anticipation that you will soon share in this blessing.— The Fountain 