^hcaI'Oriuiiall(C.hiioniclc WITU WnlOB IB nfOOBFOIUTED TUE LAUNCESTON TIMES. [PUBLISHED DAILY.] FRIDJ.Y, APRIL 30th, 1880. It is gratifying to Gud that tbo Com tnisaionerH appoiuUxl to secure the pro per representation of Tasmania at tho fortliromiof; Intcrustioml Exhibition to be opened at Melbourne in October next, are bent upon vforking in the most harmonious manner, and we trust thev will be so far supported by the general public, as to secure a most effective dis play of those products and manufac tures vhich our island is capable of supplying, and at the E&me; time illuB trating Uie progress which the country has made in the arts of civilisation. It is lo be regretted that Government was so tardy in recognising the importance of this Inhibition, because much valuable time has been lost, and the opportunity wliich vras afforded of cultivating special productions, illiialrutive of (he capabili ties of the soil altogether thrown away. As far hack as January, 1879, the Exhi bition autborilioi coinmunicatwl m'tb lie Government of Tasmania ; Bent full par ticulars as to the scope of the Eiliinitinn ami svBtemof classification, and urged immediate action in orjer that we niigbt not be placed at a disadvantage as compared williotliertompctitora. Nothing was done, however, and now about fire oiontiis before, tbo opening, tho Tas mencing to move in the matter. To illustrate oar meaning we may elate that in the departments of agriculture and husbandry, many farmer* of the neighboring colonies Lave been busy during all last season preparing for the great elioir. 8ixt«eu uuinths ago thi chairman ol the committee, on vegctahltt products, addressed circulars to all the colonies wlUi (he special object of 'giving at least one full season beforehand for the preparation of any special crops besides affording ample notice to uerBous willing to exhibit the products of the soil in Q prepared or manufactured form.' Had our Government acLcd promptly in the appointment of Oommissioncrs,'tnecon ti'nUofthis and oilier circulars would have been made known, and atcps taken to anaken a spirit of emulation among our farmers, which would doubtless hare heon productirc of grvai results. Tlie opporianiiy has been lost, and novr we can bat send what last season has brought forth, without any B|iecinl effort on the part of those interested. Wo ?oekaol to cavil, however, the harvest baa been a £uod one, anil no doubt Tas mania Trill make a reipectabig display, outlet us llope the Commissioners will lose no time in making known widely, the scone of the Exhibition, and eudea voiing to nrousc a feeling of gennine interest throughout the country. The suggestion ma'ic at tho meeting yester day to pnbli;h at once the whole scheme of clwifiraiiou adopteJ by the Victorian Executive is a good one. Tluru may lie many brandies of art and industry included, to which, at tot sight, it may seem ridiculous to ilrair the attention of Tasmanians, but nothing is unworthy of notice. We know not vihat invonlivo t-°nms the country may contain, and the suggestions aflbrilcJ by the publication of tlic com prehensive scheme of tho Victorian Commissioner may bring forth exhibits undreamt ol by our local representatives, We shall keep the public informed as lo the progress madu by the Cpnituissionors, and have niily now to express a ho|ie that tho people of Tasmania will work cunliiUy wiui that boJy, and itsist Uicm to Bccuro a tboronghly crcdiUihle end representative Court at tho great Inter national Exhibition of Victoria. Ouu Cini.E Nuns.— Tut- Orient Strum Ontnpiny arc doubling their capita) in order to 01 llioir (Ire! of ships idlli Uic fmzlnff pf Australian 'meat to 1L« English market! Tlie Duke of M trlkomugh, an rrsinillnn the Vlcc-Itgvallr, OIlS quilting lrt)aud wl|b bll desiTvcdly iopular Ouches*, vias treated t/ia cnmplctc ovalion. A number of a^dtUona] names arc given in our lelr'grsm ot ths tns Or bcr. elite tew Ministry , Thr Taoubadouhb — This olsver ooni- panr ol juv«nllm «iUopen at tbc Mechanics1 on Monday evening, when will be produced for tho first lime In Launctalon ihe very piipnlar Datch'Ainerican drama of ' Struck Oil.' Tliocnmn.nv liavo been playing llio piece in Ilobart Toivu wilh the mosl sicnnl biiccess during the rust week, and from toe very laudatory notiMB of our Southern con Limrnrorj- we may anticipate, In ' Btmclc Oil, a representation of exceptional merit . MELnoUKKK I'OMEDV foUPAHV— Thli company ntaye-l ' 'Ini: irisU KmiCTant' and 'A Widow's Viciiiu' IsbI ninht lo a very good kousc. Bolh rieces wem warmly apgilauded during tlicir l Mfreis, Mr « altoo and Miss lea Kllis romlus in for the largest ?liaro ot public faior. Tills evening the Bailie programme will tic pmscLted. Tub Tat Ubioob — VVe have been favored with the ptrnsual of a pamplilct, being a letter from rir John SUwart Billiard boii, ol 1 ilfuur Caslle, ujdnased to the l'r.i Totl of lluudoc, sagecstinl! ??tlic alternative scheme of plhciii,! the llailwiiv llrdBC furHiorunlboKiuusry ol tho Tay.' When the briJf^j recently ileitruycd was in contctu Illation hir Johu ltlchardiion aud others altivelhcr op|ioBi-d tlic desigu, as «renlB have proved, with GutUcit-ut leason, and he now resumes an old proposal vhkhiato place the bridge at Mugdrum, n di.uncc of three miles further up the river. Speaking of the ..Wrofed brideo Sir John lays— 'Tliu acheuie at the ([me called forlb many pro* pheuea o[ evil, and when the work was com pleted it tailed to give the mpertcd appear ance of ataWUly. On the contrary, when the train was on its apex it looked like au exaggerated Imitation uf Blondin and his wkMlbarrow In the Cryslal Palace Gartens — t&eeffeet; produced on the mind of tbe be huldirbtiniinireof wonder thin i f pleamre. We understand Sir John Itiobardsou'e proposal is icxivcl with favor by the authorises at Dundee, and It is quite likely that a new bridge will be erected at a aaftr apot lu prefenmca to tbe restoration of the damaged structure. Tbe Doa Licences— Th« publie ire reminded that the atovc licenses expire to day. 'I'db Austbaliin Bkbtcurr-^Wo have received the A{iril number of the above illustrated journal, which coaUlns some very excellent engravings, and among tlic reBt tbc new Bank of Van Uicman's Ijand, J,nuncMton, and Ihe interior of lit. faul'a Cathedral, Melbourne. Nobtoeiis TisiiisiiN Fooltut So. ciEir— 1'he Secntiry announces that as the committee have decided to issue the schedule (or the approaching show at onc«, it is advisable that members suoulJ forward any suggestions they may have to make, in writing, as aoou as possible. Letters Patbiit.— The AttorneyGene ral yesterday granted letters patent to MeBsrs tiamucl Milllgan, ol Ilotliam, near llclbourue, Victoria, and Olaf tjpencer ATieclcr.bfSwamton street, Mi-lluuriie, for an juvenljon fur Improvauaila Jo railway hrakes, Accidikt.— An accident which might hive been serious octurrcd yesterday atshc comer of rntUsrson street and Charles street. A hoy wan lidiug a horse with a powerful cavalry bit along Charles Itreci. By acci dent the lad, when he reached the comer, pulled the wroag rein, the effect of which mistake was to land tbc horso ou the pate ment, when he fell, and threw bis rider oil, anl near.y Into tbe open door of Uie Coach and Ilorsua Inn. The boy, notnitbstaadiug his tumble, oooo niount«a again and rode off. Wreck of tjib Socket — From our correspoinJeal'ii Ulcgram it wl) be seen that the bodies which were washed ashore at Illchcno on Monday list, have been identlBod «k those of Captain Fahlbcrg and John Tlogers, tlie cook of the ltocket. ClELOlTl 1'lTII IND TUB GHOST.— Artislc*, especially fori'igners, are genera ly fuperjt!iiou»,aud«Qaa:u*fng lostaoceof the fact occurred outaide Messrs Allen and Co.'s When he wenthome aomc three years ago in nearch of (alcnt, Mr It. S. SmytJie visited Taris, and d urine hie atay opened negotiations with ILuarne Uorlotta I'uUI, with whom he had acrcral intcrilcws. But there was a dlfforeuce o[ eome £2,000 bcttn.-cn Ihe lowest sum which the great loe&lisl; wonld consent to take for 100 concerts, and the bighesttbat theaceul was willing to iruarantee her, and tue affair dropped. Tbe Idea of reaping a golden harvest In the soulhe-m coluni.e, where her friend Arabella Ooddanl (wbo bad rocommendcj Mr bmytlic to her) h«d amassed a furtuac, 4V0j not, lioirevcr, abandontd by Madame 1'atti, and Bhc decided lo visit Australia. Oa reaching Melbourne, she inquired about that droll manager who, in her uiAKuiftcenliy turulshed apirtment in Puris, had pjintcd in such g.owing colori tht plcnsurcs and profits of an Australian toar, assuring her that the costly pmenta »itli which tbe (aUea of her boudoir were covered were as nothing com pared wilh the tpluidid tokens of their enthusiastic admiration of her brdUant UlepU wliich the squatters and other wealthy colonists mould shower at her feet. Hut Jo answer to her kind enquiries about her amipodcan visitor, she was told that be was dead, an amiuuuci:meat which tfaaame 1'atli, who is possessed of contidernble dramatic talent, affected U- hear with some regret, tmagiie tbe lady's astonishment then, when, as her oarriAgo drove up lu Allen's on Saturday, Ur Smyths advanced to meet toe Diva. Ue hal ouly returned from at io..j[ lour the previous uigbt, aud so looked superabundantly beaUhy and lively. Utlcrins a shriek wliich aUrociei the atleo tioo of the doers of tbe block, many of whom bsd ne'er heirj llic famous singer before, Madame Clclaluied, ' Mon Dieu ! They tald mo you were deal I ' ' Thank you, I'm all right up to now,' replied the Imperturbable ma ager. Having, by thak. inn bunds with him, suMled Herself that lie supposed deceased was still In the flesh, th« gifted lady expressed her pleasure on renewing; tlie acquaintance of the courteous manager. — 'Dally Telegraph.' Tub Lais Gill— The wind yesterday morniug at nine o'clock (Bays the ' Age ' of the 2Gth inst.) vailed no leas lb-n fourteen points between Po.t 1'hillip Ileudu anl nob son's Bay. Tnii was Ibe more peculiar, ib it was blowing hard at both places. In the Bay it blew half a gale from N.N.W., and the Hoada a gale from BE. ; and along the coast at tha various bea-llnnds It was noUflod ai aaat, blowing atrong. Towards noon in ins Sar it hauled to tbc north, and tbc samo at the Heads ; but at Capa Otwav and Wilson's l'nimuntory tlie wind mill remained from the ti.E. A telegram from Flinders received yeiterday forenoon stated that the schooner Martha dragged bolh her anchors in tbc night during an cisUrly gslc and lies In a dangerous position oft the rocks atigut 400 yards to the north ward of the jetty, lioth anchors ate down an4 appear lo bold. The gale baa some* ?hat abated, tut there is a heavy rolling sea on. If the wind subsides it is believcl shit will be safe. A later leligram from Flinders stated tbal the wind bad abated and that the Uariha wa- then io safety. At ill p.m. ibe following weather reports were telegraphed : — Wilson's Promontory, S.S.K., slroup; gale. Cape Ouvay, S.E, gale. Cane Bclianck, S.E.I!... lUht. l'ort Phillip Meads, north fresh. At tl'c ssnio time In Hobaon'a Bay the wind was north, very light. Vetvi ix Gaol.— The dosl.c of dlacharged prisoners or other persons to supply Uio prison n at Pentriilge with the latest news 'aya'lhe7'!*'1'' of 'the SOllMns'l!'1 As' Warder Henry was going Vt hla duty be fouud r.ur ' HvciiiiiS llcrahlt' or lVidu)', ila'r, uhich with carefutlv lid up, an I il is thought had hoi p flung over the wall not far from tho place where a Kane t,l prisoners work, and Vfcre probably Inlrnded for them. Tbe papers In question contained a short article on the prisoner Scott, which had reference to bis reccut career at FeuUidge. Percy bent low over the fair speaker and wlmpcred sometliing that George did not hear ; hut tlic reply to tliosu low tender words csme .back to him Suddenly, painfully, like * knife tlirust inlo his heart. Ho 'prang to his feet, and stood trembling with excitement by the little green bowar. Was it really Cosy who was taken in Perc^.i^i^f^cmM, twice, ; 