fe IpSMllMg. THE TRAVELLER. THE AUSTRALIAN ABROAD. IN THE HOLY LAND. [By James Hingston.j Ko. II.—In Steps of Obusadees. (Continued.) Ramleli has an ancient white-looking square tower, which makeB a landmark for miles around, standing amid the ruins of an old mosque. A good view is got from its nundred and twenty feet summit, which is reached by a winding staircase. We see from here the long snake-like path that stretches across, the plain that will he part of our afternoon's pilgrimage for another long five hours. We have already come to the conclusion that a little of our kind of travelling goes a long way-in the way of thoroughly satisfying one. Our dragomans business in the matter may make it pleasanter to him, but his way of life is not one in which any of us are likely to start in opposition. Although these are our early days of Palestine experience we have seen eBough of the country to make ns hate forever the Turks ana their mode of miegovernment. Very little land is cultivated here, and for the good reason that the agriculturist would be only working for the tax-buyers aBd collectors. An eighth of every thing is popularly supposed to be taken for tax, but the taxes to be collected in Syria are sold at Constantinople. The buyer resells districts at a profit, end those buyers resell again, so that the last purchaser :has to collect or rob nearly everything that a taxpayer has in order to get round again. Those who may go into Egypt and Syria for however little distance and short a time will wonder why England and her states men should pet and pamper the Turk in the way they have done. He is the bad son of the European family, and yet gets stuffed with British money and pampered with that support from England bat for which Turkey would, in the order of nature, have long since fallen to pieces from sheer decay. The condition of this Turkish-governed Palestine shows to the moBt casual of observers that the system of govern ment is to rob the people of all the profit of their labour, and to do nothing for them or their land in return. The curee fell indeed upon this land when the Tuiks became its masters. . On a hillside we pass what remains of tbe once royal city of Gezir, that waB given by one of the Egyptian Pharaohs to Solomon as a mar riage portion with one of his wives—the dra goman could not tell her name or number. Further on is all that remains of Latron, a place considered sacred from being the traditional birthplace of the Good Thief. Though tne remains of an old castle are there to be seen, with other curios, the attractions are not enough to take us off the track. We are kept awake over the sultry plain chiefly by the necessity of avoiding the coming camels, which are loaded up like furniture vans. Tbey come swinging atony,with capacious wooden and wicker baskets to their sides, in which are women and children lately baptised in the Jordan—a washing the like of which is not likely to be got by them for many a month. And here, to the north of the plain, lies Nub&b;, that was' of some size and importance when the Crusaders passed this way. It is the furthest east that Richard the First ever made in Palestine. He went no further than here on his way to Jerusalem, on that third Orusade in which he joined. Cceur de I.eon here gave the second and best thoughts to the matter, and returned to Joppa, made peace with Saladin. and remembered that be was King of England, and was wanted there and not here. The lion hearted one gets much of that title by favour, and in the way in which the First Charles is called a martyr. In youth I believed in both of them, and used to much admire Coeur de Leon> in coloured prints, fighting Saladin on horse back in a battle-axe combat of two that never occurred. Hot one of us but thinks that be did quite right here in turning back, and would perhaps do likewise, but our courage is superior to our opinions, and so we go further into trouble. Emmaus is next passed, on a hill side. It could not have been much more than a village at any time, and is nothing now but ruins, as also a remembrance of that memorable walk that was taken thither oE which we are told in the last chapter of Luke. It is the recollectiou of such like things that alone gives interest to heapB of old stones ages ogo left to the jackal, the lizard, and the scorpion. We now descend into a valley to which a little village on the opposite mountain gives a name. It is Ajalon, and the valley is more famous than the village from the miracle by which it is made memorable. In this valley is our camping-place for the night. At six in the evening, as we go down its side, we can see our four white tents already pitched, and the light smoke of the sticks that are lighting the char coal cooking fires. The camp, with the mules tethered around it, might have been standing for days by the took of it, but it has been there scarcely thirty minutes. As these tents will be our heme for the next five weeks, we begi.u to regard them with proper feelings. They are pitched in this instance close to a well, appro priately named after Joab. In a valley remem bered only by Joshua's great deeds this well commemorating his great fighting successor seems quite in place. Mount Gibeon is among the mountains of Judea to our left as we face towards the Jeru salem road. The valley of Ajalon runs away to the horizon on the right. We all get biblical at once, and forget the cooking dinner altoge ther. The tenth chapter of Joshua becomes of absorbing interest. We read how the five kings of the Amorites laid siege to the great city of Gibeon, because it had leagued with Joshua and the Israelites, ana how the Gibeon ites Bent for Joshua and his fighting men to come up from Gilgal. How Joshua came upon the besiegers suddenly, after a night's marchi stow many and routed the rest, who were pur sued by the Israelites, and also by a hailstorm, the stones of which killed more than fell by the sword. How Joshua, desirous to complete the AmoriteB' destruction by daylight, bade the " sun to stand still upon Gibeon, and the moon in the valley of Ajalon." How he was obeyed by those luminaries until the enemy was de stroyed, and Joshua had found the five kings of the Amorites hidden in a cave, from whenoe he took them and hanged them all. The record tells us that " there was no day like that before or after it," in which supernatural power was so given to man. - The moon is visible to us absve this Valley of Ajalon as we look np from our reading, and gaze all round upon the scene of I such miracles. Joab's well has stone walls to two BideB of it, on which a large stone, with a bucket-hole in the centre, forms a roof. It is fully fifteen feet in circumference and thirty in depth. The water to our thirsty throats is cool and deli cious, as, indeed, we found all the waters of this country. After drinking pints, we soused our roasted heads in buckets of it, and filled all our water-bottles. A creek runs through the valley, in which our cattle found good drinking. Our dragoman could not say in which particular battle of King David's great Captain this well had got his name, but promised to be posted up in it against our next visit. The reading and the talk that we had "upon the subject of the scene that evening followed us in our sleep, which in this valley, was as much disturbed by fleas as it had been by snails the preceding night at Joppa. I dreamt that there entered to our teuts the ghosts of the slaughtered Amorites, whose captain spoke toe them, asking who we were that pitched warlike tents in that valley—flying flags that were to him unknown. Came we to right their wrongs, that their ghosts might at last find rest? I asked what troubled them that they could not rest and let others do likewise. I was answered that they would not rest until justice was done to them—that they had gone out to fight men and not supernatural powers, aud had been un fairly fought against and murderously slain! Could we assist them—we that flew straDge flags, and encamped in their grave-strewn valley ? I explained that the flags were those of England and America, two nations to which all the people of this land were but as a handful, and which had now given up fighting battles referring their difference to arbitration con ferences, and congresses for the settlement of all claims and damages, direct and consequen tial. Something very profane about arbitrations seemed to be said by the captain of the Amorites in reply; but I was awakened just theu by a flea-bite deeper than usual, aud so missed it. I gave up further attempt to sleep, aud went ont into the moonlight, and sat upon the slab that covers Joab's well, and so let one's sleepless fancy off the chaiD. We don't go to Palestine to eat, drink, and sleep. There is no land that has so little that is pleasant to the outward eye, and so much that is visible to the optics of the mind. As there were no fleas about here, however, fatigued nature got a fair chance, and I went again to sleep. The dragoman, who woke me after wards in the early morning, said that sleeping in the moonlight was most dangerous in this country. Moonstruck folks, however, though often spoken of, I have never as yet met, aud have come to think of such as but myths— talked of but never seen. The camp servants drew water and soused over our flea-bites, and we breakfasted aud Btarted on our third day's stage that would bring us to the walls of Jerusalem. In mount ing we fouud our legs would not go over the saddle as briskly as on the morning before. Cur joints got out of order for some days iu our wretched style of travelling, in which it seemed impossible to make much of a break to relieve the monotonous jog-trot. _ We pass through from the plains of Sharon, of which the famous roses seem to be but mere wild flowers, and cross the bills called the mountains of Judea. These were once clothed with trees, but the necessity for fuel has helped, aided by the ancient curse and the modern Turkish Government, to desolate all the land of Palestine. There will soon be not a tree in it. It Beems a pity that one of the dominant religions that have been in this land had not made it an article of faith that a tree should be planted where one has been cut down. It would have helped to save treeless, sterile, stony Syria from its present barren state On our right is now a pleasanter looking old village than usual. It overlooks a valley, and is known as Kirjatb Jcarim. Just before retching that our dragoman points out a brook's bed that we cross as being that from which David took the pebble that brought Goliah low. We don't question its identity, as we are glad of anything that gives a reason for a rest, and so stop ti pick up pebbles and gather the ro9es of Sharon. This Kirjath Jearim was where the ark was lodged for twenty years " in the house of Abinadab iu tbe bill." It was taken thence by David to Jerusalem, and somewhere on the way we are now treading went that grand procession that we all now turn to read of in the sixth chapter of the second book of Samuel. Cur pocket bibles are always iu use. We pass a ruin on a ridge of tbe mountain tbat has a most conspicuous minaret for a land mark. II s name is now Samwil, but it was anciently called by that name of Mizpah which some modern rings so commemorate. Descend ing now to the Valley of Elah, we look to the left down a glen in which are to be seen some attempts at cultivation credited to the Convent of St. John there situated. The road now leads up a tedious ascent, that is made worse by its stoDy character, the iron-shod hoofs of our horses ringing at every step. The hot sun now poured down its rays most powerfully, for fnllv half an hour we were all too serious tc talk, but our silence was the more eloquent. Toiling to the top of this range we have come upon a table-land, and our dragoman calls a halt and a rest for the horses. It is midday, bnt we are not to dismount there as at the same time on the day previously. We are to camp shortly for our midday meal, and a week's stay under the walls of Jerusalem. That city of faith and fBme 1b there in the distance with its minarets and domes glittering in the sun, and the greater dome of the Mosque of Omar particularly conspicuous. We pass along to it through some suburb in which is the strange sight of some newly-finished buildings and others in progress.. To the left iB the cathedral of the Greek Chnrcb, built by Russia, and on the opposite side a building which I was told was that of " German deaconesses": —something of the convent sort, I supposed. Over its gate I read "Talitha Kumi " We now pass the Damascus gate, and pitch our tents some little distance past a house in which I shall daily see Holinan Hunt engaged in painting "The Flight into Egypt." Hassan, our dragoman, improves on acquain tanceship. He knows five languages, and speaks and writes good English. He has aocompanied nineteen distinct sets of pilgrims from Egypt to the Holy City. His contempt is great for aii books, in which respect he is as an Arab and a true countryman of that Caliph Omar who destroyed the Alexandrian library. He has a neat way of satisfying doubts_ and quelling scepticism. He beard us at Ajalon diBcnssing the question of the sun's standing still, and made the matter clear at once that it did so, and the reason why. " Von say that the sun stands still now ?" To which he was answered affirmatively. "Well, you read that Joshua stopped its coarse, bat is it anywhere said that he ever set it going again ?" Such answers were conclusive, and saved a world of argument on a subject on which there should be none. 1 had that rigt t feeling on such matters even as a child, when a zealous curate vainly endeavoured for half an hour to prove to me and half-a-dozen other Sunday school children that Jacob was not lying to his father in saying that he was Beau. An elabo rate essay followed, to show that it was a decep tion and not a lie, and that deceptions were justifiable when the end was good, and that it was to tbe good of Jacob to get whit he did by deception! I lost the run of that curate, but I have good hope that he became ultimately pro moted. We thereupon thought of referring all matters of similar doubt for Hassan's clearing up, but as such looked too much like helplessness, we took counsel together. As difference about matters of belief have caused more bloodshed and bitterness among men than anything else in the world, we come to an unders'anding with a view to avoid squabbling. One of us is a good Catholic or High-church man, another a strict Presbyterian—strong upon the Sabbath and swearing, a third calls himself a Low-church and another a no-churchman. In such a medley of beliefs and no particular belief, it was difficult to hit up > n any course that would please all and insure a truce for thirty-six days. After that time we might quarrel as we liked, and return to those cherished ideas that are ingrained and ineradicable with most of ns. The matter was discussed during the midday rest, and again brought up in the after dinner hour. Divers vain efforts having failed at any result, tbe difficulty comes at last to the know ledge of Hassan, who thinks ha has that in his pocket-book which will suite us. It is a relic of another party similar to ourselves whom he had once convoyed. The rules they had drawn up had been given to Hassan, when signed, as custodian or trustee on behalf of alL When the journey was ended, the delivery up of this document had been overlooked. With a trifling alteration, it was much like what we wanted, and served our turn, though I kicked at the conservatism of the second clause of it. Omit ting the signatures, I here copy it, with apologies to those who years hick had composed it, should they ever see their forgotten rules for peace and quietness thus in print:— " Resolved—in the spirit of conciliation and not of criticism— " 1. That as we are travelling in a country nnder Mabomedan government, the peculiar re spect paid by that faith to all records shall be shown by ns to those of this laud. "2. That we travel for the confirmation of our beliefs, whatever they may be. " 3. That as appearances are deceitful, they shall always be so treated, and our senses never trusted when at variance with preconceived ideas. " 4. That as matter of fact, Action, and faith are here so interwoven, the three shall be counted as one. "5. That where every authority differs all shall be deemed right. " 6. That it shall not matter if they wore all wrong. "That, as a final refuge for vexed minds on any difficult subject, it shall be, as the old lady said of the sermon, presumptuous to attempt to understand it." " [To he continued.'] 