LATER. THE WAR BEGUN! FIRST BLOOD FOR THE INDIANS. THE SCALPING KNIFE AND THE TOMAHAWK AT WORK AGAIN! [Special despatch to the New York Herald.] Black Wing Agency, June 22, 1861. The Indians made a sudden and unexpected attack on the village of Coyote Hill, forty miles from here, last night, and did much damage before the surprised Bottlers rallied and drove them off The red*Bkinß met with heavy losses. Among the whites killed are a man named William Beaver, sometimes called Beaver Bill, and his wife. Their child, a beautiful little girl of two, was carried off by the red rascals. A party has been made up to pursue them. Owing to their taking their wounded with them the trail is very distinct. Document No. 15. [Letter from Mrs. Edgar Saville, in San Franoisco, to Mr. Edgar Saville, in Chicago:] Cal. Jardine's MONSTER VARIETY AND DRAMATIC COMBINATION. ON THE ROAD. Q. W. K. M'Cdllom, Treasurer. Hi. Samuels, Stage-Manager. Jno. Shanks, Advance. No dates filled except with first-class houses. Hall owners will please consider silence a polite negative. San Francisco, January 29,1868. Mt Dzar Old Man !—Here we are in our second week at Frisco, and you will be glad to know playing to steadily increasing biz, having signed for two weeks more, certain. I didn't like to mention it when I wrote you last, but things were very queer after we left Denver, and " Treasury" was a mockery till we got to Blue foot Springs, which is a miaing town, where we showed in the hotel dining-room. Then there was a Btrike just before the ourtain went up. The house was mostly miners in red sbirts and vary exacting. The sinews were forthcoming very quick my dear, and after that the ghost walked quite regular. So now everything is bright, and you won't have to worry if Chicago doesn't do the right thing by you. I don't find this engagement half as disagree* able as I expected. Of course it aint so very nice travelling in a combination with variety talent, but they keep to themselves and we regular professionals make a happy family that Barnum would not be ashamed of and quite separate and comfortable. We don't associate with any of them only with The Unique Mulli gans wife, because he beats her. So when he is on a regular she sleeps with me. And talking of liquor dear old man, if you knew how glad and proud I was to see you writing so straight and steady and beautiful in your three last letters. 0,1 am sure my darling if the boys thought of the little wife out on the road they wouldn't plague you so with the Enemy. Tell Harry Atkinson this from me, he has a good kind heart but he is the worst of your friends. Every night when lam dressing I think of you at Chicago, and pray you may never go on the way you did that terrible night at Rochester. Tell me dear, did you look hand some in Horatio t You ought to have had Laerttt instead of that duffing Merivale. And now I have the queerest thing to tell you. Jardine is going in for Indians and has secured Bix very ugly ones. I mean real Indians, not professional. They are hostile Comanshies or something who have just laid down their arms. They had an insurrection in the first year of the War, when the troopa went East, and they killed all the uettlere and ranchers and destroyed the canyons somewhere out in Nevada, and when they were brought here they had a wee little kid with them only four or live years old, but to tweet. They Btole her and killed her parents and brought her up for their own in the cunningest little moccasins. She could not speak a word of English except her own name which is Nina. She hai blue eyes and the loveliest teeth. The ladies here made a great fuss about her and Bent her flowers and worsted afgans, but they did not do anything else for her and left her to us. 0 dear old man you must let me have her ! You never refußed me a thing yet and she is so like our Avonia Marie that my heart almost breaks when she puts her arms around my neck — the calls me mamma already. I want to have her with us wheii we get the little farm—and it must be near, that little farm of ours—we have waited for it so long—and something tells me my own old faker will make his hit soon and be great. You cant tell how I have loved it and hoped for it and how real every foot of that farm is to me. And though I can never Bee my own darling's face among the roses it will make me so happy to see this poor dead mothers pet get red and rosy in the country air. And till the farm comes we shall always have enough for her, without your ever having to black up again as you did for me the winter I was tick my own poor boy. Write me yes—you will be glad when you see her. And now love and regards to Mrs. Barry and all friends. Tell the Worst of Managers that heknowß where to find his leading juvenile for next season. Think how funny it would be for us to play together next year—we haven't dune it since '57 - the third year we were married. That was my first season higher than walking-—and now I'm quite an old womun—most thirty dear! Write me soon a letter like the last one—and send a kiss to Nina — our Nina.— Your own girl, Mart. P.S.—He haa not worried me since. 