LAWi>.-JJ- i -o, TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. \- ? - ' 'is of flin con. TO till w"."" tes of the con- ! Sir-Paris has been named by the advoca %s°\,u\° T" senV^te,'»'tt,aci,y-frCßfrr n" Tel No 9 St? cm'es\ro-'liablo to concorninesamtjiry matterS. of how was it that in June. of, the Board of Health took m0 seriousoonsieleiation the pollution of these, are, less by the intercepting sewers of Paris I think it v" T J shows that no form of conservancy is capable of a very, along with the entire town of a large city. in c and j daily examples of the existence of objectionable subs vines other form focal matter (SOT extract from Bird), ant. itself practically v they form the larger portion of gear. rat coverage. ' , VJ Birmingham, firm, has been spoken of as a city is what -" tin's delightful odoriferous system of hawking burns u excreta about the streets prevails. But I am informed by a " gentleman of my profession, lately arrived in the colony, are well acquainted with Birmingham, that the inhabitants of that part of the city in which the course Nancy system is in existence are compelled, on retiring at night. to close their windows to keep out the abominable stench arising from this process. , Not infrequently are the streets placarded with cat teams representing death sitting astride of these sewerage cm a! But to come nearer home, is it not a fact that many residents of Balmain were compelled to leave that part of the city on account of this dry-earth system being in operation there. Now, what are we to gather from the report of the Melbourne Local Board of Health, which appeared in your column on the 21st instant.. The emptying of the parts into the night-carts emits a stench offensive to those who may chance to be near." Do the people in Melbourne curry nostril stopped s in their pockets for these occasions ? " I'm ther, it is a matter of consideration how long it will be possible to cart the nightsoil to, and use it at, the places where it is deposited." No.- time, I maintain, is on exceedingly serious consideration, and the foundations for all objection to this system. " If the boon of underground sewerage were granted, little or nothing would remain to be done for the interest of the public health in the district, beyond what is within the functions and powers of cor ' porate councils and local Boards of health that it is still recommenced may well excite surprise." Could a more candid admission be made as to the objcctioiiubkmos') of their system than to say it will be a boon to have no nuclei ground system of sewers ? " We learn from the Court rolls of Stratford-on-Avon, that Shakespeare's father was fined in the year 1552 for depositing filth in the public street, in violation of the by laws of the Manor and again in 1953, for not keeping his gutter clean, a proof that in the time of the Tudors nuisances were not tolerated. The statesmen of that period appear to have turned their attention very carefully to many matters of social economy. A sanitary law had indeed- been passed as early as the year 1H8S."-GAKD^KU. "The water-closet is a very ancient device for receiving and carrying away in water faecal matter. Its use has been traced to all nations that had arrived at a certain degree of refinement, In EwbanKs Hydraulics.' it. is stated that water-closets ' are an ancient and probably Asiatic device.' The summer chamber of Eglon, king of Moub (Judgesiii., 20, and) is supposed to have been one. They were introduced into Rome during the Republic, and" also noticed by several ancient writers. Those constructed in the palace of the Caesars were adorned with marbles, arabesques, and mosaics. At the back of one still extant there is a cistern, the water of which is distributed by" cocks to different seats. The pipe and basin of another have been discovered near the theatre at Pompeii, where it still remains. Heliogabalus concealed himself in one whence he was dragged by his soldiers and slain. "Wntorclosote seem to have been always used in the East, and for reasons which Tavernier and other Oriental travellers have resigned. Numbers have elected near the mosques and t "couples. A similar custom prevailed in old Rome, Con Et Hjimople, Smyrna, and probably all ancient cities, the city of Fez, '' round about the mosques, are 150 com hous w as easy' flack furnished with a cock and marble cistern."' which scourethand keepeth all neat and clean, as if Jw, -'D Values were intended for some sweeter employment.' (' Ofrilbv S Africa,' 1670, p. 88.) In his Relation of the Sera'dio"' 'T'aveniior describes a gallery in which the open- . ines were i covered by a plate which, by means of a spring, lurnea one A way or the other at the falling of the least weight upon it. *-'Ir-?A^D"ii,IS LAT*rAM,C.E., M.Inst.;C.E.,i Past President of the Society of Engineer?. " There is still "a great fallacy abroad in connection with the question of th "* removal of refuse matters in the vicinity of habitations. I people talk and write as if the water carriage system and the conservancy system stood upon the same iootmT_the pi "nciple of the one being the immediate removal of excreta mi yards from houses, and that of all the , others being"-, as their name indicates, the keeping of such matters in and about the house for a certain time. The one is a correct principle, the other is a false one, and it is no argument at all to say that were the water-carriage system is badly carried out, the result may be worse than where SM conservancy system is careful] v managed. In sanity. vy matters, as well as in every thing else, we should follow. wrong principles. If we do not, but by arguments equally specious and fallacious, try to persuade ourselves that era "Locally speaking ' (accord- ing to the cant phraseology of the day) better results may be obtained by following false princess des, nothing is moreover pain than that by an inexorable la e of nature true principles will assert their position, and v I shall be punished for our mistake by being landed in dilute lulties greater than we had to contend with at the outset. It is a very old and often exposed fallacy to argue against the use of a thing from the abuse of it, and to OTguo against the wntery-carriiure* system because when surface drains have been called upon to do the duty of sewers, for which they were not intended, end of which they are not capable, or because the sewage has been turned into the watercourses, which have thus become unfit to supply water for domestic purposes, is an excellent example of this kind of fallacy. I do not say that a well managed conservancy system is not better than a badly managed one, nor far better than co system at all, nor do I say that there are not places where the diffitiulryof carrying out a water carriage system is not so great as to be almost if not quite, insurmountable ; but I do say Sist in towns where a water carriage system is possible, there is no room for choice in the matter. The mischief is that have been traced to the water carriage system have occurred from the abuse of it, and not from the proper use of it. Sower air, about which so much has been written, is injurious when it is collected in badly ventilated sewers, and allowed to escape from them into the houses ; but in an imperious sewer, with a proper fall, sufficiently flushed and efficiently ventilated, the noxious ingredients of sewer air are scarcely formed at all, and the air of the sewer is hardly appreciably different from t Fit in the street, while its foulness bears no comparison to be, of the atmosphere of many inhabited rooms."-" Paper 6ft unitary Fallacies," by W. H. CORFIELD, M.A., M.D., Oxf TI-' as.' a A rivers is one evident objection to nil these- dry plans, viz ( at the excreta are concerned about our houses for some time. "No doubt, when mixed with earth, they are in- odorous "re i' 'I presumed, harmless, but of this no evidence has been given. What would be the result of cholera or typhoid di charges received in earth, and allowed to remain in the house verger- EDMUND A. PARKES, F.E.S. " At a pier was lately held in the grounds of Hawarden Castle by the Bolton Liberal Association, Mr. Gladstone made a speech a0 1 the pollution of air and water, in the course of which '. to say: ' I ^"P0 some of you will live to see the time when wrestler was not in such a complete contrast betHoenmimufaci lying towns and the country as there is now There must .i'10Vi'ovor, always be a great contrast in many respects better in places where vast numbers of people are gathered together? find places where there are few. As a rule, there are three c "I "'agreeable things in large towns-one is noxious smells one K G Uo event of the" ° wttter>au(l true this" is the enormous found also a more- Xt aPPears *?, me that God Almighty Rev 'J " ordained any of these three things. I do not think it '"-a * it was his intention or permanent law that these t. s Qgs should subsist' wherever people are gathered together ' large numbers, and I cannot help hoping that some of you, will invite SS a ReV ittiprovtiuentniadein some. 'of- these respects. Do not look upon this as hopeless; but it requires. that people should think of it a great deal, for tin and is "my'' somebody or other who thinks be is interested 'if I """"naming the present state of things. Some manufac, Mrs wmp>ia histories they are not allowed to throw i h ' Those of their' th and refuse- into the water from >. vi ch two Ps°Pl0 take their thinking supply. Some time * as? I know a. getting manufacturer of paper, and asked h, i%'>«-wai, getting on. The answer was, "Oh, right well." "* 01,1 'now. the Hepner manufacturers generally sure there was a l be ruined if the inoropioütonit." How does that come about, if . .- ., the answer was I Well, Formerly we used to be ,5*l1*'v mto,.i,k,° river a large quantity of what we thought was 'a new "site and refuse, worthless stuff which came from the ^-'-ia!11J-ia<: time, we did not know how to make use of it but S'hy î0 0 real or statutory authority we were prevented from. ' getting any more refuse into the stream. We then had to e Tissier what we were to do with this refuse, and we cause After Jo examined by a chemist, who enabled us to turn it. into Sf. V as the result was that this PIPE manifest never made out of the refuse and filth which before them ran 44 wife, 'idea bB Posant todwell in. I don't mean aiidoftn,^0 \' toJbo,*''it^,''t trial or affliction, but he The in natural and l,11''81^1 condition to be pleasant. To a n ci s SUn' the skies' the trees. the Ross, but the, press'. that.?- "a, full Ptooiont' things them At, about. «P"'1»!^ defacing, and dotorníiify Grain a,nT>tî1't is the way the town us pleasant wmetuinAnTd0 th,C0U]'tl'y. "at most of you can do Cuff 1J^Pi^n^medofoi-med and defaced by the S speech???.. a m 0, late apathy moral of this' adonWhn0T^,1*0?1 Board determined, in 1873, to. sewer tL°,pi-I10lPlB of opening the oxiTeinitv of a -day or sewer OTK i,""" i It away ?ytil0CV> means the effects queneefrf2v'7?Aer .«.«»"s'obviatod, and the cone Wh It's °iSOportions of o"««««*«» which manner madel0!»PfP'y. me most marked, and decisive Wwer was coming' wTr Pointing out that the^armatíon of sewer gas cannot bonrevcuSd. andthat-trapjuigris only stopping the danger at one point and forcing It in another, quite as perilous to those exposed to its influences, Dr. Carpenter said, Whilst, therefore, those gases will form.? how can we best, avoid their influences F The nature of sewer gas has been well pointed out by various chemists and i medical authorities. All concur in the belief that direction 1 destroys it-that, if sufficiently diluted with air, it becomes a innocuous, and its filing is taken away. ' No method of ventilation, however, is at once no simple, practical, effective, i and inexpensive as open communications between I the drains and flowers and the atmospheric air. I When openings are made into, sewers' or drains, I the gases of decomposition previously accumula I ing under pressure, escape freely into the atmosphere and the mischief is that when they escape at the ground level we must breath then?. But there is no necessity for this they can be conducted up into the atmosphere above the housetops of the pipes be sufficiently large and sufficiently nuuioous."-C]IAH¿I:S.SLAOO, CE. " In the report t of the Local Government Board Committee on the disposal of town sewage with respect to the me of the water closet, the case may be thus stated : All parties admit that towns must be sewered, and that houses ; must be drained to remove surface water and waste water f,, Vii dwelling houses and factories. This being the case, tju to sewers and drains must be cross sectional dimensions Riifii sent to remove not less than 30 gallons per day in dry went w from each inhabitant, and the capacity ought not to be less than five times this to provide for occasional rain. All growers i vuddraineriK-eivo more or less of sediment washed from roofs, in rags sinks, channels, stables, slaughter-houses, cow- sheds, "the ". manufactories, and along sowers truly formed the eutiie,''onteuts pass day by day to the outlet; and where water- closets are used, the entire contents pass day by day to the outlet ; i Ltd where water-closets are used the entire excreta, solid *""". find, with the contents from the chamber utensils and a footpath, pass at once silently and imperceptibly with t V sewage to the outlet, those to be dealt with under one i "at 01" operations, avoiding every form of secondary nerve action involved in a use of dry-earth pan and paid. The entire of the excreta, Lu proportion to the sewage in dry w weather, being by volume, is 1 of excreta to from 100 to 150 of 'sewage and in wet weather the proportion is, of course, *UJ0'i greater, consequently, in every portable form of dealing X with excreta, by the dry earth or tub and paid systems, tribute and weight is formidable, and the removal costly, whils Win the water drainage system this bulk is unimportant, because it is only fractional. With respect to the supposed nuisance and danger arising from water-closets,- prope f construction and- use render any atmospheric or rather than within the house absolutely impossible, and -flit' sewage flowing, daily in a fresh state from the closet pans, along fully ventilated sewers, gives no injurious tain. There must, however, be no drains ndr openings into eve this within the houses." P. HlNCKSB BlKD, F.K.C.S. (fcWl.) F.L.S., etc. ' ' There is no disguising the fact that the best dry closet is invariably associated with a vapitysmull which becomes extremely objectionable when the 1 set is not kept properly cleansed." J. BAILEY DENTON, JUNE 1st., CE., F.G.S. " A long and somewhat varied experience in what may be called the missionary work of sanitary reform has taught me many things, among others that is one of the most difficult things in the world to create a popular interest in anything which pertains to the public health. When my attention was first called to these subjects I began a systematic study of what may be called themuchanicsof hygiene. I was startled to find how general was the ignorance of health laws and of the precautions which the experience of centuries has shown to be necessary for protection against a large class of maladies known as zymotic or filth diseases." . . . " Our ancestors a century or more ago had a superstition which had come down from earlier times, that every shower or cesspool had within it a resident evil spirit. Like many another superstition which people forget when they grow wiser, the idea rested upon a truth which is every day becoming more evident to intelligent people of all classes." The evil spirit of the sewer and cesspool is that nameless something which we call organic vapour. Analysis cannot determine its composition, nor can the microscope find its poisonous fangs.- There are no means of finding out anything that would account for its subtle power of mischief. It is known that in power gas, beyond the range of chemical test or microscopic investigation, there are innumerable, intangible germs which are seeds of disease, and which bear within themselves the power and potency of death. There is as much use in trying to hold this invisible enemy in suppression as trying to chain a ghost. The ' only chance of conquering it is to let it loose to the pure air, when it will be quickly destroyed or rendered harmless by the exudation of the organic cells, which show such malignant activity when mingled with the confined air of living and sleeping apartments. A portion of a paper read before the journeymen plumbers of New York by JAMES C BASLES. " No method of ventilation, however, is at once so simple, practical, effective, and inexpensive as open communications between the drains and sewers and the atmospheric air. When openings are made into sewers or drains, the gases of decomposition, previously accumulating under pressure, escape freely into the atmosphere above the housetops, if the pipes be sufficiently large and sufficiently numerous." Sanitary Work in Towns and Villages, by CHARLES SLAOO,"C.E. " The pumping station, at Abbey Mills, is a very hand- some building, in the form of a cross, with a good deal of stone carving externally, and the interior is beautifully decorated; the highly-finished and well-kept Steam engines, eight in number, working sixteen pumps, are placed at right angles to each other, two being placed in each bay' of the building. The steam boilers and the whole of the mechanical arrangements are of the highest order. There is a large sewage tank under the floor of the engine-house, from which the sewage is pumped, but the ventilation of the building is so perfect that no smell is por ceived from the sewage, and the paint in the engine-house is not banished from the sewage gases. EDWARD MON- SON, Assoc. Inst. CE. " Of late years, the question of how best to dispose of sewage has been a most debatable one. It should be borne in mind that sewage contains every kind of organic matter. And of all methods of removal, none is so expeditious, so convenient, and so healthful as that of discharging it through pipes. Where this system of removal has been properly carried out, it works so" efficiently, so satisfactorily, and tends so much to cleanliness and refinement that it could not well be superseded. It is true it has great defects ; but as these arise from improper arrangements and construction, by improvements in those respects, it would then work as perfectly as other schemes of human invention." JOHN' PHILIPS, CE. '. William Crookes, F.R.S., in giving evidence before Sir John Hawkshaw, in the Clyde Purification Commission, in 1875, spoke in discouraging forms of the vegetables produced at Geunovilliors. He stated, from his own observa- tion, that the vegetables grow with the greatest luxuriance, but there was no firmness about them. For instance, I could thrust my finger right into the heart of a cabbage with the greatest OIBO, and if I took a vegetable, a cabbage or something of that sort, and broke it and squeezed the juice out, 1 could always detect a sewage smell in the juice. Some quick-growing Italian ryegrass will take up actual sewage into circulation. You can break it and squeeze water out that has a decided smell of sewage." " Notwithstanding the', most complete system of scavenging and cleansing, the filth removed from gutters and by- streets by rain is very great. Analyses of the water flow- ing in the London gutters after a heavy rain succeeding of dry period have proved it to be as foul as ordinary sewage as regards the amounts of putrescible organic matter it con- tained."-HEN-RTllbr.iNsox.M.I.CE., F.G.S.,F.R.G.S. " If all sewer gases and poisonous elements existed in the form of smoke they might easily be seen, and very few houses would be found to be entirely free from even?." -CltOOKES. " We have already given ample evidence to show that the prevalence of sickness in general, and of fevers (especially typhoid) in particular, accompanies the non-removal of excreta and other refuse matter from the neighbourhood of dwelling-houses .... The water-carriage system, on the contrary, sends all the refuse matters at once to a distance in the cheapest possible manner, by the mere action of gravity ; this is plainly ? a safe principle to go upon, and that it acts in practice may be seen by any one who chooses to examine the local matters in the' sewage at the outfall of a town supplied with impervious pipe sewers, properly flushed, he will find them fresh and undecomposed The general introduction of the water-carriage system has therefore been a great sanitary benefit, and wherever it has worked badly. it is owing' to most flagrant mismanagement, or want of reasonable precaution. . . . Figures are stubborn things to deal with, and the sanitary benefits already attained by this system are so astonishing the two have a right to demand from those who would sup- plant it proof of much better results of some other method, and not more doubtful probabilities.-Treatment of sewage, by W. H. CORFIELD, M.A.M.B. (Oxon.)." The above extracts having been taken from the writings of men of undeniable authority, and of extensive sanitary experience, will, I am persuaded to think, canoe those who have hitherto considered the conservancy system the most suitable for us to now change their minds, including our much respected Chief Justice. In conclusion, Sir, I have to thank you for the valuable space given me in your columns, and also for your strong leader in supporting my humble endeavours. Your's, most respectfully, J. HORBURY HUNT, Architect. Cranbrook Cottage, Rose Bay, April 23. j Sir James Fergusson, of Kilkerran, Ayrshire, has been appointed Governor of Bombay, in the room of V Sir Richard Temple. Sir James was Under-Secretary for a Judge in 1896-7, of forwards acted for a short time as Under Secretary for the Home Department, and served successively " < Governor of South Australia and Governor of Now "I'; "find from 1868 to 1874. 