THE BALLARAT REVIVAL. bt our own retorter.1 A great change for the better has lslely taken, place in the prosperity and prospects of the Ballarat district. Tho discovery of pay able quartz reefs running through the heart of the city has given a remarkable impetus to mining enterprise, and has imparted new life and hone to hundreds of prospectors who have for . years beeu struggling against adver sity. The geological features of the Bal larat goldfields present a number of extremely interesting problems. It 13 well known what vast yields of gold have been obtained from the alluvial workings whoso ramifications extend iu almost every direction round the district, but of course these claims wore in course of time exhausted, and all the rich drift was washed up and tho gold extracted. Yet, so extensive was tho alluvial plateau that it kept Ballarat going for over a quarter of a century, providing employment for thousands of miners, and centralising other industries. But during that timo mining men were anxiously casting their eyes about and speculating as to what was to be the future of Ballarat when tho alluvial claims were worked out. . The ques tion was for years discussed — why are there no quartz reefs on Ballarat similar to those on Sandhurst ? In Sandhurst numerous reefs of fabulous richness were opened out in the early days, and they havo been worked ever Bince, being almost inexhaustible, but no such reefs were to be found at Ballarat. A few patches of quartz wore to bo met with hero and there, cropping np on tho surface, but nothing that corresponded with the auriferous character of the drift. That there were reefs from which in prehis toric time3 these golden deposits had been washed was a necessary inference, but where those reefs were to be found was a question which almost a generation of mining specula tors failed to answer. Meanwhile tho yield of gold from tho old mines was falling off j ciftims were getting worked out and aban doned ; miners were leaving tho district, and enterprise was being baffled and discouraged. Tho valuo of property went down, houses wore left tcnantlcs3 to go to ruin and decay, and on the whole the prospects of Ballarat were indeed very gloomy. But Ballarat men havo always been noted for tlieir pluck and energy, and year after year tho search for quartz reefs was continued with all tho energy that li mited capital could bring toboar.andatlast suc cess has given the reward to which such hon03t and persistent industry was entitled. In the great work of prospecting for reefs many 'men have run through fortunes; which they made out of tho alluvial workings ; and the ul timate discovery of the truo quartz lodes has only been achieved by a succession of broken fortunes and broken companies. Many have sown where others are now reaping a golden harvest. The important discovery of a payablo quartz reef was first made about twclvo mouths ago by tho Baud and Albion Consols, one of tho pioneer companies of Ballarat ; and the circumstances connected with this dis covery are of a remarkable character. This company formerly carried on alluvial opera tions, and produced many thousands of ounces of gold. They occupy a large area of ground about half a milo from tho centre of the city, on tho right hank of tho Yarrowco Creek. From their eastern shaft a crosscut was put in to tho westward for a distance of 500 feot, and a reef was cut which, on a trial crushing, was found to con tain' gold in payablo quantities. It is a sin gular fact that tho ICohinoor Company was prospecting and driving for years in 6careh of the supposed reef, hut all their operations were directed westward towards tho alluvial diggings. Not a singlo drivo- was put in through tho eastern part of their ground, whore the reef has now beeu formed. The Band and Albion shaft, from which the lodo was struck, stand3 a considerable distance to the south-east of tho Kohinoor ground ; consequently a crosscut, driven in a western direction at right angles with the supposed line, went through tho reef. Had tho Kohinoor Company driven towards the east instead of the west they would have como upon tho reef twenty years ago, and tho whole history of Ballarat would havo been changed. Of course as Boon as tho existence of this reef became known, and its auriferous quality established beyond doubt, attention was directed to quartz mining generally, and companies wero formed all along tho "lino northwards ; for the Ballnrat reefs, like those of Sandhurst, run in parallel lines, north and south. The Band and Albion ground is tho extremo point to the south at which the new reef has been traced so far ; bnt it has been traced nearly a quarter of a milo from that claim northwards, and wherever found it has been carrying gold in largo quantities. It appears to bo running through tho city, somewhere under a street known as Raglan-street. It increases in width as it is followed down. At a depth of 600 feet it was nearly 20 feot wide, and all of it will pay for crushing, being said to average 1 oz. per ton. Sinco attention has beon so com- pl'etely drown to quartz mining consequent on this grand discovery, it has been ascer tained beyond doubt that there are at least three well defined lodes of quartz reef running through Ballarat, one at tho east colled the Black-hill, the Consols, running under Raglan- street, as just described ; and the Prince of Wales, which is further to the west. Tho result of the discovery of gold in tho Consols reef, was before long seen in the form of a general revival of mining enterprise, the rehabilitation of companies once all but defunct, and the extension of drives and of shafts not only on that line but all over tho district. No such excitement has been seen in tho colony sinco tho Sandhurst rush of 1871. All who recollect that great event will be able to form a pretty good idea of what lias been going on in Ballarat within the last six months. Tho present rush is cer tainly not of such wild and extravagant pro portions as those of the Sandhurst mania, when that city was invaded with people from all parts of Australia ; when men used to walk the streets all night unable to get a night's lodging ; when stock jumped up to ex traordinary prices, afterwards to come travel ling down again. In thoso times many sold ont their houses and homes iu order to gamble in bubble companies, and no doubt in every great development of public enterprise there is a strong tendency to foster the gambling spirit, and that operates until a re-action sets in and people find that they have been over-speculating. Some of the lessons of the Sandhurst fercr have had a salutary effect in toning down the present ex citement at Ballarat, and moderatingthe prices of stock. Still there are to be seen some of the usual symptoms of reckless speculation mixed up with legitimate investment. Companies have been lately floated at tho rate of thirty a week, and the share market is now quite in undated with bubble scrip. Small areas of ground have been cut up and sub-divided ; tributes and even " cub-tributes formed. One company has no fewer than five tributes. The Ballarat men have beaten Sandhurst speculators in the way of creating tributes. At Sandhurst no company ever had so many as five tributes, and certainly they never got so far as sub-tributes; that is, tributes granted by tributers who hold of tile original company. The process of sub-division of interest and pro perty is rather embarrassing to bona fide in- ' vestors, and is all in favor of jobbers and dealers, as it increases the amount of negotiable stock, and tends to raiseprices and commissions. It involves a more expensive method of manage ment and manipulation, necessitating addi tional sets of offices, manager, directors, books, scrip and registration. But this is by no meant the worst feature of the sub-division of com pany system : it involves the outlay of large capitals in sinking shafts and putting in drives along a small section of a reef, v.-hcro one- large company could do as much work and make as much progress as several small isolated partnerships, and at per. haps a thinl of tho cost. Tho multiplication of companies appears to be the almost inevi table outcome of such an institution as the Corner at Ballarat, as it was the result of the Beehive at Sandhurst. t It is needless to say that, with the revival, of mining, the Corner sprang once more into exist ence, with twice its fonncrglory and excitement; and it is now tho centre of attraction for thousands of speculators who have flocked to its precincts from all parts of Australia. Tho dulness of the times three or four years ago scattered the well-organised legions of brokers who for so long lived at tha (Corner, gambled " from early morn till dewy eve," and squandered their own and other people's fortunes there. Some went to Sandhurst, others to Melbourne ; some took to book making, and becamo bright and shining lights of the turf ; most found a rcspectablo mediocrity in tho poverty of hard times. But with the recent impetus to quartz reefing many of the old brokers and accom plished metallicians, who ruled tho Corner in former years, have found their way back to their old haunt3, and are once more engaged in their favorito sport. In that big crowd which every day congregates in front of Kirk's Hotel, now known as the Corner, there are to bo seen the well-known faces of many who migrated to Sandhurst dur ing tho rush of 1S71 Some new men have made their appearance on the scene — some for speculative purposes, and others in order to find scope for the investment of capital. It must be remarked that although there is a great deal of rash work going on, and largo sums of money being wasted, a considerable amount of capital ha3 been pouring into Bal larat from every quarter of tho colony, so strong is the feeling of confidenco in the newly-dis covered resources of the district. The great dan gers are in over speculation, tho formation of too many companies, tho sinking of shafts -along imaginary lines of reef, and the expenditure of money in places where there is not sufficient cvidcnco of the existence of quartz reefs. In tho ground of companies where reefs liavo been actually found, share dealing, as far as it goes, is fair and reasonable enough, but those who go beyond that limit will not do so with absolute impunity, as many who went in for bubble companies at Sandhurst found to t'neir cost. "Whilst these are dangers against which individuals 'may bo warned, there is also a danger to tho district itself, which should not be lost sight of by thoso who arc interested in its permanent development. An abundance of money is yet required to open out the Consols Reef, where the gold is known to exist. Very few of thoso newly-organised or resuscitated companies have begun to pay dividends. A carefully-compiled list shows that there are only 10 dividend-paying com panies on Ballarat proper at present, viz.: — Band and Albion Consols, Band of Hope Qnartz, Black-hill, Duchess, New Kohinoor, Llanhcrris, New Diinock, Parade, Sergeant's Freehold, Washington Freehold. As against these 10 dividend-paying companies there are over 100 non-dividend-paying companies which can be only described as having fair pros pects, and about an equal number which can hardly bo said to havo a ghost of a show — at any rate, not at present. Now, if thousands of pounds are spent in unprofitable works and heavy expenses incidental to tho floating of un necessary companies, tho capital required to erect machinery and carry on operations along tho known lines of reef will not be forth coming when it is wanted. Quartz raining on Ballarat is only in its infancy, and much is yet to bo dono both in tho way of de veloping such reefs as the Consols, tho Black- hill and tho Prince of Wales, and in preparing for deep sinking. Four or five hundred feet deep is comparatively shallow sinking in quartz mining, particularly when that is above the water level as it is 111 Ballarat. Whether the reefs will bo traced down to such a depth as that at which they have been found on tlio sister goldfield yet remains to bo seen. 