LOCAL AND IMPERIAL LEGISLA- TION. Much ha3 been written of late as re gards the necessity that exists for the adoption by the colonies of Australia of aome adeauate means of defence to be brought into operation in the event of England becoming engaged in war with any of the Great Powers. This morning we publish a tele gram in which it is stated that one of the leading newspapers published in London recommends the establishment of a strong squadron in Australian waters, as a protection against huatile attack, the colonies paying a portion of the expense occasioned by such a measure. The recommendation is a sensible one, although it has no claims to novelty. The presence of a British squadron in these seas would supply just the very thine; that is deficient in our defence arrani'.' ments, and it is nothing but reasonable that part of the cost should be charged to Australia. There is, however, another question bound up with this one, which crude proposals for the admission of colonial representatives into the councils of the nation we have deprecated the action of well-meaning but visionary politicians who have shown a dis position to precipitate matters, and to take it upon themselves to speak definitely for the colonies in respect of topics about which the ideas of the colonists themselves are of an extremely nebulous order. At the same time it must be admitted that if Australia is to be called upon to expend large sums to defend herself against attacks conse quent npon the Imperial connection she is entitled to some voice in the determi nation of questions of peace and war, in which she is so deeply concerned. The consideration as to how she can best make her voice heard is no doubt one of great difficulty, but it must nevertheless be faced. It has not yet come within the range of practical politics, but it must be debated simultaneously with any proposal for entailing upon the colonies outlay upon what may fairly be called Imperial account. This is a point which should receive attention at the hands of the Royal Commission upon Colonial.Defences which is now sitting at home, and we entertain no doubt that Sir Arthur Blyth, who has been deputed to represent the views of South Australia before the Commission, will take care to bring the matter before the members. The fact that he is not a military man, and can therefore only be looked upon as the mouthpiece of the Government, and, pre sumably, of the people of the colony, in reference to military matters, will certainly not weaken the effect of any representations he may make upon the subject It so happens that the last number of the JS'inettenth Century to hand contains what may be regarded as a contribution to the solution of the question, from the pen of Mr. Justin McCarthy, the well known litterateur. Taking for his text the 'Common Sense of Home Rule,' he indirectly discusses the future relations to each other of all the parts of the British Empire, and the course that must be adopted to ensure the effec tive representation of Imperial interests. With great force he points out that the Imperial Parliament, which at present is notoriously unable to dispose of the multitudinous subjects which come before it, would be still less in a position to deal with all matters of national policy if it should open its portals to head representatives from the colonies. Upon this there can be no difference of opinion. It is undoubted that at present many matters of the greatest moment, not only as affecting Ireland, but also as affecting England and Scotland, are passed by every session in consequence of the pressing character of external Imperial affairs. As Mr. McCarthy says with, truth, 'the Order-book of the House of Commons is overcharged with the titles of measures of strictly Imperial or common interest which could only be dis cussed properly by representatives of tho three countries, and session after session such measures have to be scamped or thrown aside, because there is not time to pay attention to them.' No .one who reads the English papers can question the truth of this assertion. Although Mr. McCarthy writes from the point of view of an Irishman, and is consequently more concerned in enforcing the claims of Ireland, he recog nises the fact that what is demanded on her account cannot be denied to the sister kingdoms. While insisting that the management of purely local Irish affairs should be entrusted to an Irish Legislature, he pleads for a like concession both for England and Scotland. Both of them are placed under serious disabilities by the proved incapacity of the Imperial Parliament to compass anything like the amount of work — and of urgent and necessary work — that de volves upon it ; and both of them would be relieved from these disabilities if the task of legislating for local wants were confided to a Home Rule Parliament, leaving to an Imperial Legislature con taining representatives from every part of the British dominions the duty of dealing with subjects affecting the entire realm. It must be confessed that the interpretation thus put by Mr. McCarthy upon the demands of Home Rulers is strangely different from the popular con ception of the views of this vivacious and aggressive party. Quite unconsciously, indeed, he shows that to the majority of those who advocate Home Rule for Ireland the movement has not the same meaning that he attaches to it. He cleverly asks the question, ' Who applied the phrase ' dismemberment of the Empire' to the Home Rule scheme]' and strives to show that ^this phrase stands as an argument against the move ment whenever it i3 brought forward ; but the truth is it is those with whom he has cast in his lot who have made Home Rule another name for disintegration. By their violence, both in the House -of Commons and] out of it, they have negatived the idea that the movement was based upon principles of common sense, or aimed at anything short of revolution. Mr. McCarthy asks whether the Empire was dismembered when Home Rule was given to Canada and to Australia I The answer is plain, and the reason that it has not been is because neither in Canada nor in Australia has there been any dis play of the desire to Income isolated from the Empire, which has unfor tunately been the case in Ireland. It must be remembered that none of the colonies, with the exception of New Zealand, and in a much milder degree of Victoria, have shown the slightest wish to be free from the Imperial connection. The same cannot be said of a large party in Ireland, who have exhibited an implacable hostility towards the British Government, and have steadily rejected all overtures of peace and goodwill. This, however, is a digression from our main contention, to which, a3 v.e have said, Mr. McCarthy's paper gives powerful support. He holds thai it 13 eminently desirable to establish an Imperial Parliament, representing rot only the British Isles, but also all the colonies, and that matters of purely loc:il concern should be relegated to subordi nate Legislatures analogous in tucir powers to those now existing in colonies Ltucidig icfcieseiitilive institutes. As he very properly says : — 'IE Canada and Australia como tt- be represented in the. House of. Commons. . . . observe what 'an anomalous state of things would thea exist if the present arrangements were not very much altered. We should havo Canadians and Australians voting on English, Irish, aad Scotch domestic affairs, or at least capable of voting upon them, whilo Canada and Australia had a complete system of Home Rule for them selves, on the business of which no English or Irish member could pos sibly intrude.' Of course such a state of things is not to be thought of for a moment Colonial representatives would be altogether out of place in such an assembly as the House of Commons aa now constituted, but means might bo found tor securing a real and not a mero sham representation of tho colonies, as well as of England, Ireland, and Scotland, in a Parliament specially created to deal with the general interests of tho Empire, as contra-distinguished from tho tlomestio concerns of its several component parts, which can best be dealt with by local representatives. Sir Aktirk Blyth at thk Rovad Colonial Institite. — Tho paper read by Sir Arthur Blyth at the Royal Colonial In stitute, although somewhat discursive, fur nished a useful rhuinc of the land laws, and paid a high tribute to the industrial progress of the colony. Except for soina important omissions, it fairly placed tho position and capabilities of South Aus tralia before tho members of the In stitute. On thia account it cannot fail to be of service as a means of directing attention, as it does, to tho millions of acres of land yet available for settlement in this part of the world. Sin Arthur claims that the laws made from time to time to regulato the disposal of the public estate havo been based upon, expediency, tho colonies having faithfully followed Lord Macaulay's maxim of 'Never to remove an anomaly because it is an anomaly ; never to provide a remedy greater than tho particular evil it is in tended to correct or remove.' In this spirit the original system under which tho fee- simple of the land was parted with foe £1 per acre cash became changed when the growth of the colony necessitated that the bona fide farmer should be encouraged, and laws were made which permitted freo selection after survey with deferred pay ments, and conditions of residence and cultivation. To these alterations Sic Arthur attributes much of the present prosperity of the colony, under which the desert has been made to blossom 'aa the rose,' or rather with the harvest ' of yellow sheaves of ripening corn.' Tho Agent- General having made referenco to Mr. John Ridley's invention, and ex pressed his warm approval of the proposal to establish in connection with the Uni versity of Adelaide a John Ridley Scholar ship, proceeded to contrast tho averago yield of wheat of South Australia witli the average of other countries. Following upon this he drew attention to the ap parently indefinite limit to which farming can be carried north ; to tho rapiS growth of seaport towns, owing t* the necessities for shipping tho whoat as near to the place of its growth as possible ; to the low rate of intercolonial postage ; to tho rapid extension of railway communication, specially advocating the u ft. C in. gauge, on the ground of tha non-paying weight being less in proportion than upon wider gauges ; to the variety of products upon which the agriculturist cant expend his energies ; and to the wine growing capabilities of the country. To Bhow in a forcible manner the progress1 the colony had made, he referred to tho increase in tho decade from 18G8 to 1878, during which time, ' while population had increased one-third, the export of Btaple produce has increased two-thirda, and the general trade has doubled.'' The facts adduced by Sir Arthur are, of course, familiar to South Australians, but to thosa to whom they were addressed they fur nished in a concise and interesting form a general view of tho advantages that South Australia offers to tho intending settler. Singularly enough the Agent-General Beems to have omitted all reference to tho subject of immigration as at present con ducted. The opportunity would havo been a favourable one for calling attention to the land-order warrant system, of which too little is known in the mother country ; but so far a3 we can see this matter is ignored. It would perhaps not bo fair to dwell upon the omisaion, for tho field over wlu'ch the Agent-General had to travel was large, and the timo at his disposal limited, but a few words upon tho point would certainly have been opportune. In tho discussion ? which followed tho reading of tlio paper Sir James Fergunson took occasion to en dorse Sir Arthur Blyth's remarks as to the great future before tho colony. Among others who spoke was Mr. Strang ways, who, in alluding to the wino ques tion, qualified his complimentary refer ences to the vintages of the colony by re marking that he defied his hearors to find worse wino than somo that was produced in the colony. It is unfortunate for South Australia that all Mr. Strangways's present impressions are based upon personal recollections, which date back some eight or nine years. Since his departure from the colony, wine making hero has assumed quite a different footing from that which it occupied in his day. There has been a falling off in tho quantity made, but the quality has vastly improved. We need only further say that South Australians are indebted to tha Agent-General for tho effective manner in which he placed its claims to attention before his fellow-members of the Royal Colonial Institute. The Gbrvan Zollveehin.— According to one of the special telegrams which we publish thia BQorciDg great excitement '.has been caused in Hamburg by the action of the German Govern ment, which is seeking to include a portion of that city in 1he Zollverein. Hamburg has hitherto remained exempt from tbi» on pay ment of a large Burn every year. We learn that for the past jear the sum paid by Ilitnburg for this privilege, as well as that of remaining ? free port, was equivalent to £102.300, or about 7s. 6d. per head of the population. Goverhmkht TE5DERB.— Three tenders wera opened at the Marine Board Office on Monday for the supply of fourteen iron mooring buoys, that of A. Jones & Sons being the lowest. liEQEirr BcEixRFS.— Hi« Honor Mr. Justice G wynne sat in Equity on Tuesday, May 4, to hear the enit of Daniel Ledgard v. Jamea Ledgard and Another; but it was intimated that the parties had come to terms amongst themselves, and the bill waa accordingly dis missed in accordance with these terms. Comukhciax Bamk. — The annual meeting oE the shareholder* of this Bank was held at tba offices, King William-street, on May 4. Tha Hon. K. A. Tarlton presided, and there were a large number of persons present. The Chair man, in moving the adoption of the report; andf the balance-9heet,alluded to the great progress tha Bank had made dttiing the year. The report was adopted, and Messrs. F. Grant and J. O. Verco were re-elected Directors, and Messrs. James Storrie aad J. F. Yaill Auditors. Aublaidk Philosophical Societt.— At a meeting of this Society, held on Tuesday evening, May 4. a great amount of interesting scientific busitieis was dealt with ;-nd soiu3 valuaUe icformntion given on vnriom subjects within the (»v.i« of the Society. Among other itftnn of iuformatiou was tho statement that the lcavis of a species ot ti tr«e, tha MeUletira r.Dciuatfi. growing on Vnrk. '« IVni j fula, poBM»Red medicinal propertieHintmlmtno cure of violent catarrh. An intrrriti'; account was given of the habits of the Urge moth. Census cinereuB. Several specimens of plantf, triterals, and rocks from the Far North were jrodnctd and descanted upoc, and other coo uiLutioi* t« bcitiict uwut will* iu Ui*.Ujoiou« Wabo v. Dberisotoh.— The fifth days' pro ceedings in this libel case were conducted at the Supreme Coart on Tuesday, May 4, before the Chief Justice. The principal part of the day was occupied by the cross-examination of the plaintiff by Mr. Eandey. Afterwards re butting evidence was given by Sir H. Ayers, Mr«. Ward, and Mr. G. \Y. D. Bereaford. The case was then closed so far as the evidence is concerned, and the Court adjourned at; an early hour, Mr. Bundey remarking that he felt too exhausted to begin his address to the Jury. The Court wa3 densely crowded all day, and the answers of the plaintiff to Mr. Bundey's cross examination appeared to excite great interest. The Court will sit again at 10 o'clock thi* morn ing, when Mr. Bandey will begin his address to the Jury. HoB-ncrXTTEAI. A3D FLORICrLTTBAL SOCIETY. — The monthly meeting of the Executive Com mittee of this Society took place at the Chamber of Manufactures on Tuesday, May 4. There ?were present Messrs. F. S. C. Driffield (Chair man), W. Hackett (Hon. Sec.), J. G. Hoffman, 'W. Rhodes, R. Ingleby, A. 'W. Dobbie, A. Moli neux, and E. Page. Mr. Driffield showed a col lection of cut chrysanthemums, some of which were much admired. He alao brought in a single pip from a seedling zonale pelargonium, raised by Mr. K. Ingleby, showing a distinct shade of blue on the upper sid- of the petals. The fiower was in all respects a good one; ibape, size. «nd substance beinj excellent. The Hon. Secretary brought up the report of the Prize-lL-t Revision Committee, which recommended the omission of several prizes for which there is seldom any competi tion, suggested the repeal of clause 8, and amendment of clause 9 of the regulations. These clauses were considered to be vague, and by a alight alteration in the latter the meaning of both could be embraced and made clear. Clause 9 now reads as follows : — ** 9. No exhibi tor shall stage two exhibits in one class, except ?classes in which one specimen only is called for, and all the classes in fruits and vegetables, in which case the exhibits must be dissimilar.'' Clause 10, preventing parsons who have been convicted of illegally removing plants or taking cuttings from exhibiting in future, and clause 11, compelling members - of one family residing together to show in the same section, were recommended to be struck out. After a short dis cussion the report was adopted. Mr. Molineux gave notice that at next meeting he would move that certificates of merit or honours should be offered for collection of stove and house plants in flower and for foliage. A motion by Mr. Ingleby — ' That the geaeral public ( not being subscribers) be admitted at 5 o'clock instead of 4' was allowed to stand over until next meeting. It was mentioned that Mr. W. Haines, M.P., would offer a special prize for three best dark sweetwilliam8. Mr. R. Ingleby raised a discussion upon the advisability of endeavouring to effect a variation in the mode of showing plants in pots. The visitors were unable to see the beauty of the foliage when the plants were perched above the level of their eyes. By hiving to look up at them the pots and the under side of the leaves only were seen, and he suggested that it would be possible to exhibit thf je plants upon a lower stage, or upon the tloor in tiers. After discus sion, it was resolved to leave this matter for consideration at the next meeting, the Com mittee beiDg requested to give the matter more thought in the meantime. The meeting then adjourned. Adelaide Bembvolext axd Stbaxohbs' Frieud Socibtt.— The committee of this Society held its usual mojsthly meeting on Tuesday, May 4, at the Church Office, Rev. C. H. Gold smith in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was resdshowiDg a balance in hand of £17 8s. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the past month, amounted to £19, £11 being to relieve forty-nine cases. Each member of the com mittee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10a. in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. District of Jotce.— A deputation, consisting of Messrs. A. Hardy, M.P., and F. Henning M.P., waited upon the Commissioner oi Crown Lands on Tuesday afternoon, May 4, and pre sented him with a petition, signed by not Ies than two-thirds of the ratepayers of the Hundred of Joyce. The petition stated that the rate payers, finding there were portions of the ' Hundred of Joyce which were not represented in the District Council of Lucindale, asked that the Hundred of Joyce should be divided into five wards, to be entitled first, second, third, fourth, and fifth wards. The boundaries of these proposed wards were denned in the petition. The Commissioner, in reply, said the matter would have to go through the usual course. The petition would have to appear in the Gazette for three weeks, so that counter memorials could be received. There would be no objection to it if the inhabitants were agreed on the subject. GuaciLa Football Club. — On Tuesday, May 4, a deputation, consisting of the Patron, -M-. W. F. Stock, J.P., Vice-Frestdents, Messrs W. D. Rounsevell, MJ\, and a M. Muirhead, and several members of the above club, waited on Sir Thomas Elder a t his office, Grenfell-atreet, with the view of re questing him to grant the club portion of his \- land at Camdea, near Sir John Morphett's estate, as a reserve. Mr. Stock, in intro ducing the deputation, referred to the great interest Sir Thomas had taken in ail sports connected with Gleaelg, and stated that if he would consider this matter favourably the club would guarant-ee to fence and improve the land. Mr. Rouuserell also stated that the Holdfast Bay Railway rat. put the piece of land asked for, and that they would for a nominal sum convey the footballers and their friends from Glenelg to the erouad. Mr. \- C. M. Muirhead also referred to the great interest Sir Thomas had at all times evinced towards any sporta con nected with Glenelg, and pointed out that the club had endeavoured to obtain laud at Glenelg, but found that, with the exception of the Colley Reserve, there was noue available, .and that the piece asked for was the moat convenient to Glenelg. Sir Thomas Elder caid he would himself view the ground asked for, and give the deputation an answer on Friday next. The deputation having thanked Sir Thomas for his courtesy withdrew. Banquet at Clare. — On Monday evening, May 3, Mr. John Tallant Bee, of Clare, gave a banquet at the Stanley Hotel to commemorate the anniversary of his seventieth birthday. There were present about forty of the leading gentlemen of the town and neighbourhood. Mr. Bee occupied the chair, and Mr. J. W. Gleeson, J.P., the vice-chair. The dinner was sumptuous, and the arrangements were all that could be desired. After the removal of the cloth the usual loyal toasts were enthusiasti- cally honoured. Mr. Gleeson proposed " The Army, Navy, and Defences," coupled with the names of Captain Provis and Lieutenant Rix. Mr. Provis responded, and made special mention of the South Australian Rifle Association and the Clare members. Mr. Duffy proposed " The Town and Trade of Clare." Mr. Young, J.P., responded. He remarked that Clare would continue to go ahead, and he had no sympathy with those who were constantly predicting that it had seen its best days. Mr. H. Crabb, J.P., proposed " The Producers of the District," and made reference to what had been done by the occupiers of the soil to advance certain industries. Mr. P. McNamara, J.P., responded. He adverted to the action Mr. Bee had taken years ago in securing the return of Mr. Strang- ways to Parliament. Mr. McNamara expressed an opinion that Mr. Strangways was the ablest statesman South Australia ever had. Mr. T. K. Bright proposed " The Clare Bench," and men- tioned specially the assistance rendered to the Bar and Bench by Mr. Bee. Mr. A. Young, J.P., proposed " The Local Bar," and Mr. Bright replied in suitable terms. Mr. Gleeson proposed the toast of the evening, '" Mr. John Tallant Bee." He said that he always held their enter- tainer in high esteem. He had known him for twenty-seven years, and had found him to be a man of honour, and a most efficient Government officer. Mr. A. W. Hill read a selection of verses which he had composed for the occasion and dedicated to Mr. Bee. In responding to the toast, Mr. Bee said that he was proud to see around him so many of his esteemed friends. He had reached the allotted age of threescore years and ten ; still he felt hale and vigorous, physically and mentally ; and he would, if spared, be delighted to see those who were present twenty years hence. As had been stated, he was honest and honourable, and so were his parents, and to him they bequeathed their virtues. He was an ardent politician, and as long ago as 1831 he was instrumental in no small degree in returning the present Premier of England to Parliament. He referred to the circumstances that led to his leaving England and coming to Australia. On arriving in this colony he took an active part in politics, and voted for an elective Upper House, and he had no reason to regret the part he took in returning Mr. Strangways, for he was a man who took a warm interest in the working classes. He (Mr. Bee) was proud of South Australia, for it was second to none of the colonies. He thanked the gentlemen present for tneir com- pany, and wished them health and happiness. Other toasts were proposed and responded to, and the meeting was enlivened with several songs. Wabd v. Dbeeisgtos.— The followicj are the namei of the Jurcrs who have been en. pannelled to try this case:— Messrs. Richard Horn, John Pelmore, Robert McEwin, Edward Spicer, Asmus Claussen,' Thomas Rawlings, Henry Buttery, Robert Symouds Kelly, John Hcrs^eH, Gccr^e DsiUjjj GiutB, JuLa cluef, asd Charles A, Owes*. Thb Pekbxthbt.— The annual meeting of the Presbytery was held in the Flinders- street Church on Tuesday, May 4. In the morning the retiring Moderator (tke Eev. J. H. Angus) delivered his address and introduced bis successor, the Rev. D. Paton, M.A., B.D. It was decided that, to prevent tbe Presbyterian Fund from again falling into debt, an assess ment of lOd. per member in each Church should be made. Mr. Angus stated that the Churches had responded most liberally to the call to free th° Presbyterian Fund from debt, and had accomplished the object. The Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund was reported to amount to £1,405, and the Presbytery urged that the con gregations, in addition to contributing to this und, should also make collections in aid of the Home and Foreign Missions. A resolution was carried to tbe effect that annually the Clerk of the Presbytery should prepare a statement showing the work done by the Church during the preceding twelve months and the position of the various funds. A public meeting waa held in the evening, when addresses were delivered by the Revs. D. Paton, MacNeil, and Kxox. Immigration ajto Kmighatios.— The number of persona who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other ports during the week ended Monday, May 3, was 187. Of these 184 came from Melbourne, 1 from the Cape, 1 from the Mauri tius, and 1 from Liverpool. The number who left the Poit by similar means during the same period was 155. Of these 73 went to Melbourne, 10 to Western Australia, 43 to Tasmania, and 29 to Sydney. Fecit Packing. — A meeting of the sub committee of the Agricultural Society, appointed to enquire into and report upon the beat system of packing fruit for long distances, and to con sider the question of a prize being offered to en courage competition in that direction, was held at the Register Chambers on Tuesday afternoon, May 4. There were present— Messrs. T. Hardy (Chairman), E. Smith, G. F. Ind, J. F. Pascoe, and C. J. Coates (Secretary). A discussion took place, in which it was mentioned that fruit had been packed in sawdust, charcoal, and bran. Mr. Pascoe stated that bran made the truit musty and mouldy, as also did sawdust, though not so much. Mr. Ind said in September last he packed a lot of oranges in paper and bran, and when he opened them three months afterwards they were very fresh, and some of the stalks green. The question of packing the fruit on steamers waa raised, and it was men tioned that fruit was very often greatly dama ged through not being stored properly. The following resolution was then passed — ' That the committee report that they have not been able to collect sufficient data to warrant the members recommending any special system of packing fruit for travelling long distances, and they con sider the offering of a prize of £5 5s. for the best essay on this subject may be the means of affording the information sought for by the Committee of Management.' It was also re solved — «' That the agents for tbe Orient line of steamships be requested to prepare a special compartment for the reception of shipments of fruit intended for the English market, ami gene rally to afford soch facilities to-shippers of fruit as will tend to encourage and develop this new industry.' Adklaeob Stkwg QcabtbtClub.— The lovers of really good music are likely soon to have their tastes gratified in no ordinary degree, a Club having been formed under the above name with the intention of giving subscription con certs on tbe model of the London Monday Popular Concerts, at which chamber music will be performed. During the first season six concerts will take place in the afternoons at intervals of four weeks, commencing in the present month. The instrumental members are Mr. John Hall, first violin and leader; Mr. Barton, second violin ; Mr. Guttling, violin ; and Mr. Framfc fil. K. Winterbottom, violoncello. The pianists are 'Herren Heuzenrccder and L. Breitenstein. The last-mentioned gentleman, who is lately from Germany, is a greit acquisi tion to musical circles, being an executist of remarkable brilliancy. The amount - of sub scription is very trilling, and no tickets will be sold. Mr. John H. Grainger, who is a musical amateur in the truest sense of the term, is Honorary Secretary of the Club. Hcm-BHD of Tatiaba.— Messrs. F.Henning, Mr, and A. Hardy, M.P., waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Tuesday afternoon, May 4, and presented the following petition, signed by a number of farmers in the Hundred of Tatiara:— 'We the undersigned farmers of Tatiara, having seen in public print that it is the intention of the Government to throw open the Mount Minster country for selection, respectfully bring under your notice that the said piece of country is a small easis in the Ninety-mile Desert, consisting of about 8,000 acres (not more) of grass country of a very stony nature, over sixty-five miles from the nearest shipping port — Kingston— and forty miles from the proposed terminus of the Kingston and Tatiara Railway, both roads being extremely bad. We think no bona-fide farmer could have applied for this country to be thrown open, as in our opinion the cultivation clauses could not honestly be carried out, and we look upon the country as only fit for pastoral purposes. In thus addressing you we wish to point out that we are most anxious for the opening up of all lands in the South East fit for agriculture, but we do not look upon the Minster country as coming under that head, and should your Government in its wisdom think fit to throw it open for selection, we wish respectfully to intimate that it is not at our request. The Commissioner said the petition was a most unusual one to receive from farmers. He had seen the country himself, and be did cot think it was very rich. There was some pastoral land, and it was surrounded on either side by scrub. He would get a report on the subject from the Surveyor-'General. He might say that he had no desire to throw open land unless it was wanted for bona-fide settle ment, and he had not tbe slightest doubt that some persons had applied to have it thrown open for selection, or else no action would have been taken. Glhmblo Cricket Cixh. — The members of this club held their first annual dinner at the Pier Hotel on Tuesday evening, May 4. About 40 s!- t down to an excellent dinner supplied by Host Htmlin. His Worship the Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. W. F. Stock, J.P.) occupied the chair, and Mr. John Lee. filled the vice-chair. After the usual loyal toasts had been honoured the Chair maD presented to Mr. J. S Duff, on behalf of Mr. Lee, a -set of studs for having obtained the highest bowling average during the season. The Chairman also piesented to Messrs. T. Harring ton and T Green, on behalf of Mr. Townsend, a bat and bnll for having obtained the highest and the next highest average in batting during the past (-eason. Tee 'Vice-Chairman proposed 'The Parliament,' coupled with the name of Mr. W. Townsend, M.P. Mr. Townsend, in responding to the toast, said he felt a pleasure in supporting manly sports. He «aid the first element of a public man was to have the respect of his constituents and then of bis fellow-caembers. 'He said that unless a number of Parliament had the respect of his fellow- members his abilities were nothing. He spoke of the time he had been in Parliament, acd raid that when he was gone he hoped to leave an impression on the colony. He had not sought to benefit himself, but to further the interests of South Australia. Presentations were here made to Messrs. J. Rose and J. J. Virgo, for having obtained the highest averages in tbe second eleven. Mr. A. J. Diamond pro posed 'The GleDelg Cricket Club,' and con gratulated the clubon the.progress they had made during the past year. He said it waa very pro bable they would have an Oval of their own next year at Glenelg, where he thought they could get a better pitch than they had at Adelaide. The Secretary responded, and gave a report of the club's doings during the year. It stated that since the formation of the club they had enrolled 65 members, 54 of which were playing members. Tbeir bstting, bowling, and fielding had improved. The first eieven had played 17 matches, out of which they had or.Iy lost 3 and drawn 2. The second eleven had played 16 matches, of which they had lost 6. T. Harrineton obtained the first position in batting in the first eleven, with an average of 12; ' runs. T. Green came second with 11;-. runs. ' in the second eleven Rose, with an average of 12 rut;s, was first, and K. Hooper with 8 runs second. In bowling in the firtt eleven J. S. Duff headed the list with an average of 3^. runs per wicket, J. Rose t&kicg; second place with an average of 6 runs per wicket. J. jr. Virgo with an average of 6: rues per wicket wa* first in the »f cond eleven. The financial statement showed tfcat the club was in a prosperous condition. Mr. C. M. Muirhead in glowing terms proposed ' The Patrons, President, and Viee-Presidents,' which toast was responded to by the Chairman and Vice-Ohairman. 'The Captain, Vice Captain, and Officers' was proposed by Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., and responded to by Mr. T. Harrington. The Chairman proposed 'The SonthAuatralianCricketingAssociation.'coupled with tba names of Mr. A. J. Diamond and Mr. G. Giffen, in a telling and appropriate speech. ' The Town of Glenelg and its Institute' was pro posed by Kr. H. C. Burnett, and responded to by Mr. J. Lee. ' The Ladies'' and ' Tne Press' were duly proposed and responded to. During the evening soegs and recitations were given by Messrs. W. Townsend. M.P., J. Lee, E. Oldham, J. J. Virgo, A. S. Diamond, J. E. Woods, and G. H. Sims. Peesbittatiox. — At a meeting of the Myrtle Ledge, I.O.G.T , held xt Port Adelaide, on Moi- day evcniDg, May 3, Brotter E. Hounslow, W.C., was presented by Brother Bailey, G.W.C.T., with a very baedsome cabinet, containing six volumes of Clarke's Commentary on the Old »nd K«w Tetbvmenta, for his patt services in co&aecticB; «ith tha Orfcr, Goodb-Shtd Accommodation at Gawxeh.— Tne memorial now in course of signature at Gawler, to be presented to the Commissioner of Public Works, praying for goods-shed accom modation at the northern end of the Gawler Tramway terminus, is being numerously and infiueatially signed. At the present time there are upwards of 200 signatures attached to it, and extra lists are to come in from the surround ing districts, viz, Lyndoch. Williamstown, Tanunda, ic. The memorial is to be presented shortly. The Bet. F. Hoctbh.— 'We understand that the Rev. F. Hocter, M.A., Incumbent of St. Michael's, Mitcham, is suffering from an attack of typhoid fever. Adelaide Ships at the Cape.— The Bertha Rod arrived at Cape Town on April 4, and the Bengal was to leave there for Adelaide on 10th April. National Bask of ArsTRALAau. — The annual meeting of the shareholders of this Bank will be held at noon to-day. The Dockyard. — The work at thb establish ment progresses most favourably as fax as the employment of colonial labour is concerned, and it is satisfactory to notice that the work produced there is preferable to much of the imported. This is forcibly shown in the fact that while the imported dredger Willnnga charges 2s. 6-L per ton for raising silt, the subsequently built vessels can accomplish the same for about seven pence. The appliances of the yard are every day Becoming more perfect, and one of the latest improvements is the abolition of the old furnace for plate-heating, and the substitution of quite a new oven in such an improved form that all the heat is economized. The building of the dredgers and barges in the yard has the effect of circu lating the money amoDgst the working class,and from Mr. Hickson's showing the machinery is manufactured at less cost than that imported. Ruxe Association— -Bhakch at Sthath aldts.— A public meeting, convened by Captain Rankine, was held at the Terminus Hotel, on Saturday evening, May 1, for the purpose of enrolling any who might proffer themselves as candidates for the formation of a RiSe Company under the auspices of the S.A.N. Rifle Associa tion. Ten candidates presented themselves, and each one being considered eligible, their names were taken, and (they will form the nucleus of a Strathalbyn Company. Since then four others have subscribed, and by the end of the week there is every reason to expect some eight or ten others -will be obtained. Lojtdom Missionary Societt. — The anni versary meeting of the Juveuile Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society will be held this evening in the North Adelaide Congregational Church. New Legal Fiem. — We are informed that Mr P. R. Stow and Mr. L. W. Bakewell have entered into partnership, and will carry on a legal business in Adelaide under the title of Messrs. Stow & L. Bakewell. Thbateb Royal.— There was a capital atten dance at the Theatre last evening to witness the second representation of 'The Danites,' in which the Williamsons were received with frequent rounds of applause. The piece will be repeated to-night. Stock oj tub Uppbb Darling.— It had been hastily anticipated by many (says the Central Australian) that one result of the Strathleven's so successful trip to London would be imme diately to increase the price of store stock. This has not proved to be the case ; nor could reflect ing penons have seen any ground for mentally conjuring such a wonderfully sudden effect from what all must admit to be perhaps the best news Australia has for some time received. That stock must improve in value when the now but pro jected shipments of meat are regularly proceed ing to distant markets, there are but few who wil doubt. But until the means of supplying this presented outlet for our surplus stock shall have been fully availed of, the positive demard which exists in British markets for our frozen meat can have bo effect upon the price of our store stock. There is the market, there the mouths to consume our produce ; but here remain our surplus animals, and here they must be expected to remain until Companies for their export have been not only formed but brought into proper working order. It was tjhe delay necessarily con sequent upon the formation of Companies at home that led us to protest, a short time since, against the Laisscz fuire style of our graziers, who, we think, should have expressed quite as large an interest in availing themselves of the now known wants of London, and our means for supplying those wants, as do our Victorian friends. There a Company or Companies have been floated. What have we done 'i Are we always to be classed amongst the slow-goers, even when so vital an interest as that of our graziers is the one which calls for some show of activity, and requires but a com paratively small outlay in order to put at least £1 per head upon every beaat in the colony ? An Apparition.— A correspondent of the Gedcmg Advertiser is responsible for the follow ing ' ghost' story : — ' As I know you feel inte rested in such circumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard ir, to tell you of a very re markable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon Icnes. The Archdeacon, as you know, died ef diphtheria, and, though perfectly sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell you. Far some months the Archdeacon had been assisted as lay reader by a young man, recently arrived from home, named Lisserman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the Arch deacon and all who knew him by his thorough going earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the Archdeacon. Just before his death the Archdeacon, wbo, as I have told you, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was comjiof mentis to the last, wrote tkat going into his Btudy one evening, after Lisser man's death, he saw him standing at the study table, and involuntarily exclaimed, 'Holloa! are you here?' 'Yes,' replied the apparition, ' and where I now am there will yon soon be.' Mr. Innea was not a man of fancies, or of im paired physique, and when he saw the appari tion was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for.' Aldbbman Gatehouse and his Companions — The Getlong Times of April 28 says : — ' The ' Gatehouse Party,' who have been so con spicuous of late, played up their pranks in town while waiting for the rase against the ex Mayor of the metropolis to be tried. They visited tha Exhibition, and created some con sternation by their eccentricities, and m»de fools of -fcuetnielves by marching about the streets, carrying dilapidated umbrellas and penny buac. After almost drowning an old swagsmau with beer, they conveyed him to a hairdresser'^ -shop, and during the absence of the proprietor shaved off one side of his beard, and cut off the opposite side of his hair to the scalp. Nnmeious other practical jokes were plajed,but possibly the verdict of £50 given against the *gay old cuss' at the Court will be the means of restraining him and his younger companions from perpetrating their senseless jckes upon UBofiending people.' Excavations in Oxtmpia.— The intelligence received ia Berlin respecting the cew series of excavations now being proceeded with in Olympia speaks of continued success rewarding the labours of the German Commission, although in the third week in January the work was much interrupted by frequent and heavy down pours of rain. Among other objects discovered are numerous fragments hitherto missing in the metope reliefs, a deeply carved store represent ing a very antique picture of & lion, the first ppecimen of the kind hitherto found ; farther, a head of the younger Faustina, which exactly fits a torso unearthed some time age. Among the foundations of the Temple of Hers, there have been dug up a large number of v-ery ancient votive offerings in bronze and terra-cotta. On the western side of the Altis a gateway leading to the north has been brought to light, and numerous new diicoveries of remains of build ings have been laid bare near the Byzmtine church. KEsrnrG zt Apfearances. — u -Egles,' in the Australasian sajs .— ' There are some weik natures in which are combined a passion for dis play counter-balanced by considerations of rigid parsimony. There is a lawyer in our Parliament wbo illustrates in himself this combination of seeming oprx»ites. His habit in a house of entertainment is to order a bottle of ginger ale to be brought to him, unopened, on a salver, with a champagse glass. Uncorking this noble beverage he fills his glass, eyes the sparkling coDtents with the air of a connoisseur, and tossing -off the first instalment, smacks his lips as he ejaculates, * Ah ! give me that before all jour ftloet.' Refilling the patrician crystal, he seeds may the plebeian bottle, and affects oblivion of the nectar which awaits his atten tion. Droppers-in are impressed, and whisper to each otter, 'Ah, there is Mr. ? , the member, drinking champagne .' In this manner two boors are spent in a very dignified and impressive maaner for the small but substantial sum of sixpence. Some of the landlords now say th»t they dw't supply chimpagije glasses except for their legitimate u*e.' 