DOWN THE DANUBE. A correspondent of the San Francisid Chronicle , writing from Vienna, says: — The opening of the Prater on the 1st 'of May proved h failure as it lias done tor the ;pnSt three years. It rained, ami thnH rendered the spring r«nets impossible. At the unveiling or the Beethoven monument in the Beethoven platz, at ten o'clock in the morning; llie sun shone, and a goodly crowd filled the adjoining streets and the windows of surrounding houses. The choral societies of Vienna, the chief musicians, Were all present, and the Ai-fchdn Ice Carl Lud- wig appeared for the Emperor, who was pi-evented from taking part in the ceremony owing to slight indisposition. The following week their Majesties went to Budapest, and the social world followed them. Pesth is one bf the most delightful cities of Austria in the spring months, especially during race week. Hungarian noblemen oivu the finest horses in the empire, and during the races the Hungarian ladies hold a second carnival. It is dance, dance, dance from night to morning, and drive to the races after matinee breakfasts. A party bf young people, among whom Iliad the hbfloiir of being chaperone, decided to go down tiie Danube by steamer, instead of taking the train to Pesth. They were going to visit friends during race week, and consequently were full of joyous anticipations and innumerable plans for the coming carnival. It was a perfect May morning, a veil of rosy haze, not yet lit up with sunlight, hung over the woodlands of the Prater and almost hid from our view the heights of the Kahlenberg, as we sailed between the green bnnks of the Danube canal to Simmer ing, at which. nlnce we found the Rtenmpr -for Budapest. At Simmering we see the island of Lobau, which; in 1809, served Napoleon as a rallying point for his army, nfter his defeat in the battle of Asperri; the small village which lies behind the island. It js here that he crossed the Danube and fortified the sur rounding hanks (remains of that fort are still found,) until he gained strength to cross the . stream a second time and regain his lost laurels by defeating the AqstrianB at Wagrani. On the right hank of the river, a litile below Simiiier- ing, is the site of the Turkish enrnp, where Solomon pitched his tent in his first siege of Vienna. There was little of interest until we reached Hamburg, unless the Castle of Count Otto Trail n, with its 865 widows, could ba called so. It looked more like a glass house, ns we passed it in the morning sunlight, than a castle inhabited by human beings. At Deulchaltenburg we caught sight of an old Roman rotunda, the remains of Roman Baths, and a very old Gothic church in the centre of a graveyard of past centuries. Hamburg, situated upon the end of the Leithngebirge, with Thebau on a spur of the small Carpathians, forms the Porta Hungarica, through which the 9 Danube flows into the land of Hungary. It is 9 one of the most ancient towns on the river. 9 History declares it to be of Celtic origin, and B later, with Deutchaltenburg and Petror.ell, B it became Hie Roman Garnatuna. Upon the Hj wooded hill "which rises beside the present town are the superb ruins of the Roman Acro- H polis, baths and antiquities of great value, B among them an altar found on the terrace of B the Acropolis, placed there by Marcus Aurelius in 178, are exlibited to visitors. We saw B nothing, however, beyond the Acropolis, and remains of the walls, for Hamburg was once a H walled city, and below the town on a grassy S promontory the column raised to the memory S of the Roman Emperor Probus, whose soldiers 5 planted the first grapevine in Panonia. In this old city, if we can believe the " Nibelun- 9 genlied," Konig Etxel, the Attila of history 9 spent a night on his way to fight Queen 9 Chrimhilda, and we are told that a portrait r of this great hero is carved over one of the city. The ruins of castle Rothelstein, and a magnificent castle built for Prince Eugene of Savoy, were quickly passed .. as our steamer neared the spot where the river March joins the Dnnube at the foot of the steep rocky promon tory upon which the celebrated ruins of Thebau stand. By what mysterious force were build ing materials ever raised to that height ? . We are assured that it was built by the Cclaves in the sixth century, and by them named Dewina, gungfrauenberg. Five hundred years later it cam ejin to" the hands of the Hungarian tamily of Bathory, and soon after into that of the Palffys. A romantic love story clings to these dark-grey walls. A gay young knight loved and carried off a nun. The church commanded him to give her up ; he refused, of course, and the castle was blockaded. This blockade' was continued until starvation prevented further remsfnnee. Then the TnverR mnnnferl tothe summit of the great tower which rises . on the extreme point of the rocky promontory, and clasped in each others arms sprang into the Danube. It is the most frightful leap imaginable ; we fairly shuddered as we looked up to the dark ruin of this tower, still standing like a sentinel on the verge of the now green Lill-side. My young companions had not ceased speaking of this legend when the city of Pres6biirg came in sight, the ruins of its old castle, like an overturned tea-table, rising high above the town. It was in this castle that Marie%Theresa,)"presented her infant Josef to the Magyar magnates, and caused that memor able scene in which they drew their swords shouting, " We will die for our King I" This castle was destroyed by fire in 1811. Press- burg, like Hamburg, is of Celtic origin, and was formally called Wratislawburgem, but was conquered and secured by .the Hungarians. Mathius Corvinus often hejd court here, and after the. Turks took possession of Ofen, Press- burg became the crowning city of Hungarian kings. It hasj .sustained many sieges during the wars in the early history of Hungary, hut never passed out of Magyar hands after tiiey won it from the Celts and Sclaves. After leaving Pressburg the scenery on the river became quite Hungarian, and strangely similar to that of the Upper Mississippi. The woods on the banks were greener than those we had left on the Austrian shore, and from under the furred osiers fringing the Btream long, flat boats glided out to the river. They were rowed by peasants in broad-brimmed hats and long blue aprons like a dress skirt : one would have thought them women except for the long mnstachios with wax ends, and their dark-blue cloth jackets, with large silver buttons in bunches of three, front and back, and on shoulders and hips. Further down the river were little mills for grinding the grain brought by these peasant boats. They are small, barn like buildings Jon the very edge of the bank, over" the water, sometimes; indeed, raised above the water itself and connected with the land by a boat- bridge. They turn very slowly and rise out of the water, their broad paddles drippingwithjjjglistening drops of water, re calling to my mind Heine's lovely little poem : The mill-wheel dripping with diamonds. Which in the golden;sunsetshiue 1 As we sailed past Roab we caught a glimpse of St. Marton or Martinsburg, the celebrated Bene dictine Abbey, built by Stefan the Holy. One of the joung ladies of our parly had visited the convent and gave us'a charming description of an ivor.y altar there, carved in the year 997, con taining a pictorial history of the life of Christ. This church also contains priestly vestments from the time of Stefan I., a.d. 1000, and his wedding mantle of white satin, embroidered in pearl and silver, thread ; also the throne-like seat he occupied in the choir whenever lis visited this church. Our steamer soon reached Komorn, which since the time of Mathias Corvinus has been the most important fortress of Hungary. One glance was enoughto convince onejjthat it was impregnable. It has never been taken. On either side of the town small grassy promon tories run out into the river like protecting arms, and these are but as outer coverings to the fortress walls, the green banks presenting a row of cannon. From this portion_of the river the jonrney was most uninteresting until wo reached Garit, and here the, whole, town, which waB once a fortress,- seemed now all cathedral. It was certainly a magnificent building, and as we steamed towards it late in the afternoon/ the windows blazing with rnj-s of the setting sun; the gilded efoss of the dome flashing in light, it seemed a cross not made with hands, but as if let down upon gorgeous sunset clouds from heaven The cathedral is modelled f roi.h St. Peter's in Rome, and was 35 years in building. It stands on a rocky plaiteail far above the river, and this plateau slopes in grassy terraces to the banks of the stream. It is said to contain many 6iiperb paintings and altars, and Canova's tomb to the Archduke Ambrosius, Primate of Hungary, Stands in. the Stefans chtipel. Adjoining the cathedral is the Archbishop's palace, the semin ary buildings, with library and picture gallery, and a large extent of garden, the high walls of which shiit out the heaiity of tlioseclassic shades from the Curious observers. It was for the con secration of _ tli is cathedral that the Maestro Franz Liszt wrote the " Grnner Mass," one of his finest compositions. After leaving Graii the Danube flows between, high wooded hills arid rocky promontories. Upon these banks are a few ancient villages romantically situated in little bn)'8 and curves of the river, but nothing especially worthy of interest until the weird ghastly ruins of Visigrad were defined against the deep grey Cloiids, floating above the rocky hillside from which the castle rises Visigrad, the high castle, is of Sclavonic origin, and was the Etzelsburg of the" Nibelungenlied." It has played a prominent part in the history of Hun gary. It was the favourite suitiiilef liOitie bf Hungarian Kings, and Matliias Corvinus ex pended such sums upon it that the foreign am- bassadors at this court were bewildered by its beautj, and the Papal Legate named it " Earth s paradise." It was here that Carl of Anjou, chosen King of Hungary in i307, held his superb tournaments and festivals. Like Thebau and many other castle ruins in Hungary, -Visi grad has horrible legends connected with it, and the ghosts of two women are said to wander about its towers, one a princess; the other a peasant. I give these legends as they were told to me while sailing' Under the gloomy towers, the quiet stars looking down and the moonlight streaming through broken arches, and silvering the rugged stones of the might' ruin above us. The story of Lad Clara, the daughter of Feli cian Zach, is the saddest of all .tragedies. She was the favourite maid of honour of Queen Emma, wife of King Robert of Hungary. She did not return his love, but through an evil intrigue of the Queen was deceived bj' the Prince, and sent back to her father disgraced, for Ladislaws refused to marry her. Her father and brothers discovering that she had been betrayed determined to be revenged on the royal family. One daj, as they sat at table, Felician and his sons rushed upon them with drawn Bwords, and although held back by the attendants the' succeeded in slightly wounding the King and cutting off three of the Queen's fingers. For this attempted assassination the greyheaded father and his sons were inBtantly executed, and the unfortunate Clara, fastened to the heels of a wild horse, met a frightful death. The other legend relates to the nnknightly be haviour of Mathias Corvinus. Disguised as a huntsman lie won the heart of Vilma, a lovely peasant girl, who lived on the banks of the Danube, opposite Visigrad. He used to row across the river to her every evening, and pro mised to marry her as soon as he could gain the King's consent to their union. At last the young girl, driven to suspicion and doubt by the hints and repeated assertions of lier companions, that it was the King himself who was her lover, de termined to cross, the river, althoagh he had for bidden her ever to do so, and herself gnin the permission of t he great King, Matliias, to her marriage with his forester. As she was ad mitted to the festival hall, where he sat sur rounded by lords and ladies, she immediately recognised her lover in the person of the King. Shrieking with wild laughter she rushed upon him, crying out, " Thy bride, Mathias, lias come to the wedding,'1 then to the musicians, "Now, play us a Csnrdas !" She caught the King by the arm, and raising her hand to his face, pro nounced a most frightful curse upon him and his house, then with the swiftness of the wind she rushed acioss the hall and sprang through the open- window over the parapet into the Danube 200 feet below. The King left his favourite castle that very day, and never returned to it again. The old Soliman tower, six stories high, that stands lower down on the banks of the river, is so called be cause in the twelfth century Prince Soliman was imprisoned here for a year and a-half by his cousin, King Lazio IV., against whom he had rebelled. In 1520, Sultan Solomon conquered Visigrad, and it became a stronghold of the Turks until Duke Carl of Lothringen in 1684 freed Hungary for ever from these bar barians. It was too dark before we reached Waitzsn, the next point of interest on the river, to see very much of the city, except its church- towers and the outlines of its houses. It was one of the largest of the Roman settlements in Panonia, end remains of Roman aqueducts, with monuments dedicated to Mars and Venus, are numerous. A tablet on one of these co lumns tells us it was the headquarters of the Second Roman Legion. The lovely isle, Mar garet, where Princess Margit, daughter of Bela IV., raised a convent, seemed only a mass of waving trees as we passed it in the moonlight ; a few lamps twinkled through the anrk branches, but we could form no idea of its beauty and the beauty of its convent ruins until weeawthem on the following morning in the sunlight, with the whole island like a " garden of delight," as the Turks called it, floating on the blue waters. The lights of Ofen on our right and Budapest on our left were welcome enough, for nothing is more tedious than sailing along an unknown stream in the even ing ; one tries to see every object, and every thing looks alike in the darkness. Carriages waited us upon landing at Ofen, and an hour later my young ladies, in the most bewitching of spring toilets, were waltzing at a soiree dan- santo, while I sat watching them from the ad joining salon, and listening to the delightful music of the ciganv (Gypsy) band. Oct avi a Hensbel. A dreadful accident to a miner named Nicliol as Woolcock, is described by the Wood's Point cor respondent of the Mansfield Guardian as follows: — "The deceased was attending to the Hope crushing machine. Between nine 'and ten a.m. Mr. Hnigh, who lives opposite the machine, heard it go slowly for a minute or so, but took no special notice of the affair at the time. A little after twelve o'clock some boys going home from school looked into the machine house, and see ing what they supposed to be a dead man, gave the alarm. When the body was found it was under the main driving cog-wheels of the battery, through which it had passed. The deceased had evidently been caught, when the machine was heard to go slowly, by the coat in the cog wheels, and either dragged through them from the right arm a little below the wrist along the arm, which was reduced to a pulp, across the collar-bone to the shoulder of the left arm, or vice versa. His head and arms were almost am putated. The news was at once carried to Mrs. Woolcock by her little boy, who told her ' Father is in the machine house with Iiib head off.' The unfortunate woman rushed to the machine house and tried to open the door, but Mr. Mahon, hear ing she was coming, locked the door, and Mrs Ralph and Mr. M'Cann took the poor woman away. Had she Been her husband in the state he was she would probably have gone mad. We went into a barber's shop to be shaved the second day of last Southampton races. We didn't the least mind the professor tying a news paper round our neck and giving us a towel to read. But when he 6hoved the shaving brush in our mouth, and began rubbing our chin with the lighted end of a cigar, wo thought it time to cry a go. 