Nobelist. IN THE FOLDS OF THE SERPENT BY DONALD CAMERON, Author of "Silverwatcr Bend" "Seripopolis" "Melbourne Life," "Transformations." "For Earthly Passions' Sake," Grit," "La Fille du Diable," 'The Skinfin Ministry," &c.; &c.; "The means to do ill deeds make ill deeds done." CHAPTER IV. DAN REGAN. "A little learning is a dangerous-thing ; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring." —Pope. The seeds of trees that fall in open ground, Where they have light, and soil, and air, Are tall and straight, and well proportioned found, With spreading boughs and foliage fair. But when the seed in thickets finds a place, Or on a rocky, hungry land, It struggles upward, dwarfed and without grace— Deformed among its peers to stand ; Yet, of this fact let no one lose the sight— It struggles upwards to what it thinks light ! The newcomer, who handed his horse to an old, weather-beaten man, a pensioner of the family, was none other than the redoubted Dan Regan. As he stood at the door, Walter was struck with the massive character of his frame, his grand symmetry of form, so well shown off by his pictur- esque and tight-fitting dress, and the great idea of latent strength with which he impressed the beholder. Dan's face— his brow was now covered with his hat— was just then in repose, but, for all that, it wore the air of determination and courage which was its characteristic. The suspicious glisten of the small eyes was the only draw- back to his appearance. It was strange to see what a look of unaffected pride and pleasure lit up the faces of the old couple as they gazed upon their firstborn— the ruler of the Regan clan. That he was so did not surprise Walter, for it was at once evident that he was far superior in body and mind to the rest. "Good-day, Mr. Manton !" said Dan. "Why, this is a surprise. Only a few hours ago I met you in the Mall. You must have made a speedy trip out ?" "Oh, no, Dan," replied Walter, "I only took a stroll to the hill, as I had nothing to do this afternoon." He did not speak ol Victor, for he had noticed the old people look anxious, after their first gladness at seeing Dan, and guessed that Dan did not regard Victor's visits as at all pleasing. It was evident the old folks had been won over by Victor's way, and thought that, their "lady''— for Rose went by that name on Emu Creek— would, after all, marry a gentleman ; while Dan knew too much, and was too far-sighted, to anticipate such a probability ; on the con- trary, he certainly did another by no means so pleasant. "Well, I'm glad to see you here," said Dan, sitting down, and filling out a glass of whisky, "for you are about the most decent of the Grit crowd. What does that con- founded fellow, Longsight, mean by watching me as a cat does a mouse when I am in the town ? It's very galling, because my brother was convicted of horse-stealing, that these traps should always be on the look-out for me. By God ! it's enough to make one do something that would cause a little trouble. I suppose they think we have neither feelings nor souls, neither love for our relatives nor hope for ourselves. Being continually watched frets the life out of me." "I must say," replied Walter, guardedly, that I don't agree with the espionage the police practice, which so often causes men to commit crime out of sheer weariness of life. But then it's their trade, and if they let anyone escape, the public raise an outcry about them." "Well," exclaimed Dan, with suppressed passion in his voice, "some day they may have reason to watch me, but for the present I laugh at them. What do they know of our sufferings, and wrongs ?" "There, Dan, dear," said his mother, "do take it aisy, and have another drop of whisky." "I will," said Dan, bitterly ; "but I be- lieve whisky will yet be my ruin— the drink of the devil, that leads to hell." Walter could not but feel nervous at the change of the man's face ; its expression was defiant, bitter, reckless, despairing. The soul was beating against the bars of its cage. "Is it whisky ?" asked old Regan. "Don't run it down, boy ; it's the water of life." "Of death, you mean," said Dan, in such a tone that his father dare not contradict. But he took a big glass of the eau de mort for all that. Walter, who did not like the look of things, had risen, and was examining the library of battered books which were con- tained in a few cases nailed up against the wall. He was not at all pleased with their character. There were a few Catholic religious books, but the bulk were works of fiction, and not the best fiction either. There were several of Scott's and Cooper's, notably "Ivanhoe," 'The Talisman," "Nick of the Woods," "The Pirate," and several others dealing with chivalry, and the romance of outlawry. Almost all Harrison Ainsworth's works of that charac- ter were included, and "Paul Clifford" was the only book of Bulwer Lytton's. There was quite a ragged assortment of three- penny sensation novels, the plots of which were generally of the most outrageous order. Ghost stories were not left out, and the Arabian Nights were included. It was an ill-omened selection for a young bush- man of Dan Regan's character, and it was pretty evident he was the greatest reader. "You're looking at my library," said Dan to Walter. "Well, it's a queer selec- tion, but it's my own. I like exciting stories ; reading them takes me away from the wretched humdrum life we lead. I think I should die out if it were not for these books, and the excitement of break- ing in horses. I can conquer them, at least." Walter turned his fine, firm, honest face upon the young man ; Dan drooped under that glance of a man whom he know to be his superior in intellect and soul. "I don't like such books," said Walter, firmly, "unless their reading is accom- panied by the perusal of other and healthier works. The poison can do no harm if the antidote is applied. These novels give only one phase of life, and the picture is always distorted and untrue. They give the fights, but fail to limn the shadows, and such life is nearly all shadow. Give me the healthy, manly writings of Smollett, Fielding, Thackeray, and Dickens, no full of the feeling that makes Englishmen what they are, so true to human nature." Dan gave an impatient shrug. He was the scholar and oracle of the clan, and it was not pleasing to let the old folks hear one whose language was so much superior, whose grasp of mind was so infinitely higher. The discussion might have gone on for some time had not Mrs. Regan, who appeared very anxious, kept winking at Walter, to signify that he should go and take Victor away. She evidently dreaded a rencontre between Victor and Dan. Walter, who guessed her reasons, from what had come to his knowledge, determined to leave. "Well, Dan," said he, taking out his watch, "I'll come out some other day and have a chat with you about books, for I see you have a fancy that way ; but it's getting late, and I must get to town to report a meeting at seven. I am much obliged to you for your kindness, Mrs. Regan. Good-bye, Mrs. Ragan ; good-bye, Mr. Regan ; good- bye, Dan." "I'll take a walk with you as far as Fern Tree Gully," said Dan, who had a great fancy for Walter, because in his heart he knew him to be good, true, and clever. Dan was so accustomed to mingle only among the uneducated, in whose circles he reigned supreme, that he hungered to talk with a well-informed person who would not look down upon him, who, though not wanting in self-respect, had not one atom of pride in his composition. Mrs. Regan lifted up her hands in despair at this, but, with the quick wit of her nation, she saw that there was an escape, for when Walter and Dan were out of sight, she could run down and tell Victor, and he could reach Grit by another road. These ideas she com- municated to Walter as well as she could by signs, and he easily comprehended her plan. He, therefore, strolled out with Dan. Fate had, however, ordained matters differently. Dan had hardly stepped out, when the black filly we have already mentioned cantered up to him, and, with a toss of her beautiful head, laid it on his shoulder. She was evidently his pet, and a wilful one, too. "Hullo, Belle !" said Dan, caressing her well-arched neck, a proud, happy smile coming into his face ; glad to see me home ! Isn't she a beauty, Mr. Manton ?" "She is, indeed," replied Walter, who was very anxious to get away. "She's own sister to Black Diamond," con- tinued Dan, mentioning a then noted racing mare. "I purchased her when she was a little thing, and the police thought for a long time that I had stolen her, the wretches ! I bought her with the greater part of my last year's shearing money. I intend to train her, and I'll give some of the Grit folks a run for the Handicap ond Cup with my Belle." "The day is passing," said Walter, "and I must get along." "Oh, yes," replied Dan, and he took a step to go with Walter. Just then Victor and Rose appeared from behind a clump of trees. Victor had his arm around the girl's waist, and her face was turned up to his lovingly. Dan was within an ace of not seeing the pair ; and they would have escaped, but that Belle whinnied, and he looked back at her. He then caught sight of Victor and Rose. His face changed at once, and became dark and fierce. "What the— does that swell out of a band-box want here ?" he exclaimed, with a great oath. "The wretch deserves hanging." The pair had hesitated when they were observed, and Victor hastily withdrew his arm, but, seeing they were fairly in for it, they came on boldly. Victor seemed cool enough, but Rose's face was pale, and it was evident she was greatly agitated. "Rose," said Dan, in a tone of suppressed rage, "how often have I told you I wouldn't have this fellow round here ! He means no good. I know him and his works and, some know him to their sorrow— I'm deter- mined you won't !" "Shure," interposed Mrs. Regan, who, like a mother hen, had come out to shield her chicks, "there's no harm in it, Dan, dear. Rose only showed the gentleman the garden." "Now, mother, shut up," said Dan, fiercely. What did he mean by having his arm round her ? I know him, and you don't. Look here," he continued, addressing Victor, "I know what brings you here, and it I catch you within a mile of this place again I'll stockwhip you until that pretty face of yours can't be recognised by your mother ; and, mark me, if you should be successful— if harm befalls Rose, by the God that made me, I'll shoot you dead, if I am hanged the next day !" At this moment Rose shrieked, and fell into her mother's arms in a faint. "Oh, Dan, you've killed her !" cried the old woman, chafing the girl's hands. "Perhaps it would be as well," was the stern reply. "Mr. Manton," he continued, speaking to Walter, who had stood by in a dazed state, ''take that creature out of my sight !" "Dan Regan," said Victor, drawing up his handsome form, and looking straight at the young bushman, "I don't understand why you should speak to me in this way. I have ever treated your sister with respect, and if she has a preference for me, that is nothing to you." "Nothing to me !" said Dan. "Nothing to me if my sister is dragged down to the lowest ! Don't try and get over me as you generally do over others— you can't. The idea of your marrying Rose ; it's a lie, and you know it's a lie. What would you think if I were to visit at your house and court Kate Graham ? You would show me the door quick, and yet I love Kate far better than you do Rose. I would never harm her ; but God save Rose from your schemes. Get away before I lose control of myself." "Well, good-bye, all," said Victor, coolly. "Good-bye, Miss Regan." Rose had recovered from her fainting fit, and was leaning on her mother. When Victor spoke, she looked at him with a yearn- ing glance, in which deep love and unutter- able despair and terror were combined. She even made as if she were about to throw herself into his arms, but stopped herself and faltered a good-bye in a tone almost too low to be heard. "Come, Victor," said Walter, im- patiently ; and the two walked rapidly away, and were soon outside the paddock. As they stood for a moment on the brow of the hill, Walter looked back. Rose and her mother had disappeared, but the tall, strong form of Dan was to be seen as he walked moodily towards the garden, fol- lowed by the filly, Belle. He stopped for a moment, and, catching a glimpse of Victor, shook his hand at him. "The world will yet hear of Dan Regan," said Walter, as they hurried away. "He will be in her Majesty's gaol before very long," replied Victor, with a bitter malice in his tone that Walter had never noticed heretofore. CHAPTEK V. OPINIONS. Our thoughts give to our deeds their birth, It is the brain that moves the hand ; Our form is but a clod of earth, Moved at the spirit's strong command. Neither Victor nor Walter spoke until they had crossed the fern gully, and were again on Fair View Hill, where they had lunched. Here they halted close to the basket which held the acanthophis. The scene had completely changed. The stillness of the air had caused the heavy folds of smoke to settle down upon the valley of Grit, and the town was now shrouded in a thick haze, through which could be seen dark columns of smoke, marking where the engine chimneys were belching forth their vapour. The sun was low down in the western horizon, and had the appearance of a huge copper ball. It was a strange, weird, mystic scene, and impressed the two young men with awe and a vague dread, for which it would be difficult for them to give the reason. Man ever sympathises with the aspects of nature. "I warned you," said Walter, "that it would be dangerous to visit the Regans. You ought to know by this time that Dan is not to be interfered with. Rose is his pet, and he cannot believe you intend well, neither do I, Victor ; and although we are old and dear friends, let me tell you, I have no sympathy with the profligate and the seducer. God knows," added Walter, with feeling, "I should not, for have I not suffered ?" "You are most aggravating," replied Victor. "You are so prudish, that if you see a fellow pay the slightest attention, not at all serious, to a pretty girl, you at once judge there is liaison. Remember the motto, 'Honi soi,' &c.;" "Remember, Victor," said Walter, in a low voice, "what my mother, my sister, and myself suffered when Alice— poor Alice !— fell, and let that keep you from the deadly sin of compassing an innocent girl's ruin. I confess I sympathise with Dan, and I feel that, if I met Alice's destroyer, I would shoot him dead, and no jury would convict me." "Taking the law in one's hands is a dangerous thing," muttered Victor, not looking Walter in the face. "I would not care,'' replied Walter, "You know how I worked for Alice ; how dearly I loved her. There was a time when I thought my dearest wish would be realised— that she would have become your wife, and thus our affection would have been cemented by relationship." "It was not to be," said Victor, still averting his eyes. "Then think, Victor," urged Walter, "that Heaven marks with vengeance the man who leads others into perdition. He may not meet his punishment for a time, but in the end retribution will overtake him. The avenger of blood ever follows the wicked." Victor laughed. How melodious that laugh was ; how it echoed through the woods like a strain of music. "You've mistaken your vocation, Walter," said he ; "you should have taken orders. And you believe in Providence, in heaven, in hell, in an after life, and all that kind of superstition ? I should have thought your reading of the modern philosophers cured you of these absurdities long ago. You know I don't believe in anything." "I do," replied Walter, "but I think your present belief, if it can be so called, is only the result of youth— of reading without judgment. Darwin and Tindall have perverted you— when you grow older you will find the necessity for belief. You are the type, I am sorry to say, of a large number of the rising generations." "Nonsense, Walter," replied Victor. "Why, four- fifths of the man you meet, old and young, don't believe in what you call religion, what I dub superstition— the mere transmitted instinct of ancestors ages ago, who deified what they did not oomprehend, and they were but babes. Proctor's essay on transmitted terrors and instincts disposes of superstition." "Well Victor," said Walter, "it is useless to argue with you just now. If your mother cannot instil a reverence for God into you, the task is too great for me. But the time will come, when death has grasped you, when you will feel the want of a God." "Pshaw !" cried Victor ; "you wrong me with your nonsense. My creed is that of the majority of the modern world. I know not whence I came, whither I go ; but this I do know— that I live, and that wisdom is to make the best of this world, to enjoy love and pleasures while the fire of youth burns in my veins, and to replace them by avarice and ambition when the fervour of manhood has faded into the ash of age. In the words, Walter, of the song I wrote, my creed is :— Man's life is a rift in Eternity's cloud, Through which brightly the sun of existence is beaming ; A moment it shines, soon eclipsed by the shroud, And ends in a slumber in which there's no dream- ing. Then let us enjoy the brief gleam, As its radiance a second surrounds us : Nor life's pleasures frivolities deem, For the Grave from its bright regions bounds us. "The philosophy of Epicurus," said Walter ; "the philosophy that lands us at sixty without a past to look back to with pleasure, or a future to look forward to with hope. Vanitas, Vanitatis !" "It is tbe philosophy of youth— bright, golden youth," laughed Victor, joyously, shaking his curls, "that thinks only of to- day, and dreads no morrow ; for sufficient for the day is the pleasure thereof," and his splendid voice awoke the echoes as he sang :— They say there are sorrow and want, woe and pain, And a day is to come when all pleasure will pall us Then all the more reason, and all the more gain To cull all life's flowers before these befall us ! Then let us enjoy the brief gleam, As its radiance a second surrounds us ; Nor Life's pleasures frivolities deem, For the GrAve from its bright legions bounds us ! "You're singing finely, me gintieman," said a woman, dressed in black, who had just come up ; "but if Dan was here you wouldn't be so merry." Both turned round with a start. The intruder was a small woman, with a pinched, dark face, decidedly Hibernian in feature. "Who are you ?" asked Walter. "I'm Rose's married' sister," was the reply ; "an' as I was crossing the ranges home I heard that scamp singing. If he valued his bones he'd keep away from here, for our Dan swears he'll give him a beating if he catches him. He'll make you sing another tune, my pretty boy, if you don't kape at home. There, just think over that, and remember what Dan's sister, Norah Ryan, told ye." And the woman walked away, looking back when she got a distance off, and laughing sarcastically. "Well," said Victor, the nearest approach to a scowl he could muster up appearing on his face, "they're a cantankerous crew, and make as much of Rose as if she were some- thing extra. Upon my soul, it's enough to make a fellow give them reason to talk, the vain, proud devils." "Well," said Walter, "tho sooner we start the better. Are you going to take the basket with you ?" "Certainly," said Victor. "Let us see whether the gentleman with the fangs is stirring." He tapped the basket two or three times, and was ultimately rewarded with a rustle, and the stroke of the serpent's head at the side of the basket. "You won't get me to help you, anyhow," said Walter, looking at the basket with abhorrence plainly marked on his face. "I don't want your help," said Victor ; "the basket's light enough. Let us be going, for the sun will be down before we get to Grit." It was a weary trudge to the town in the twilight, but Victor appeared quite light- hearted, and sprang over obstacles as if he had not walked a step all day. Walter fell into a reverie, and, in thoughts of his studies and the future, forgot the exciting incidents of the day. As they entered Grit the sun had vanished behind the banks of haze in the west, and the horizon was of a coppery hue. The interregnum of darkness was not to last long, for, just as they reached the end of the Golden Gully road, and saw the shop- lights, a silvery radiance suffused the eastern sky, and, as they began to descend into town, the full, broad, august orb of the moon was, so to speak, evolved from the haze of smoke that hung upon the horizon, and her lovely light soon poetised and refined the striking scene. It was a strange alteration. Grit, in her light, made another and a more lovely picture than when eradiated by the sun. "How beautiful, how refined, how sugges- tive of dreams !" said Walter, stopping for a moment to drink in the loveliness of the scene. "Dreams !" replied Victor. "Yes," he added, in an abstract tone, "it reminds me of my dream. Pshaw ! this is silly." "What is ?" queried Walter. "Nothing, nothing," said Victor, hastily. "Let's get along, for I've to call upon Matthews, the carpenter." "What for ?" asked Walter. "To give orders for him to come over to-morrow and make a case for the death adder," replied Victor. "What have they got at the theatre to- night ?" " 'Lucrezia Borgia,' with Zenoni as the Duchess, Lucy Chambers as Orsini, and Rosnati as Gennaro." "Capital," said Victor. "Will you go ?" "I have to, as a critic," replied 'Walter. "Well, here's Matthews' place," said Victor ; I'll go in and do my business." "Will I wait for you ?" "No," said Victor ; "get home to your tea. I'll be at the Princess at half-past seven, or thereabouts. So long." "So long." And the comrades parted. CHAPTER VI. HOME. Home ! that glorious word of wondrous power, Where repose alone awaits the soul ; In its sense expressing our great dower, Peace and love and rest— home means the whole. Home ! where the wanderer flies When the world casts him out to die ; Some ! where the wretched one hies, In the arms of true love to lie. WALTER hurried through tbe town in order that he would not delay dinner, for he knew his mother and sister would await his coming. It was with pleasure he thought of their bright, loving faces, and the welcome he would receive. The man who does not rejoice at the idea of going home, of meeting his household, is the most unhappy of his race. Home should be the goal of our desires, the be all and end all of existence, that for which we con- sent to go forth in the morning to face the cold, cruel world, seeking, in its sweet and innocent pleasures, relief from the toils and troubles of the day. Alas ! for those who have no home, even if they are wealthy, who meet no loving wife, no laughing children, no mother, no sister, when they return to where they reside— we cannot call it home ; and still more are they to be pitied whom no roof shelters. From his earliest days, Walter had the ambition to create a comfortable home for himself and his mother and sisters ; and often, as he sat up in the old tin and slab hut where he was born, pouring over shorthand books, he would fall into a reverie and picture to himself the home that would suit his fancy. Industry enabled him to achieve his object at a very early period of life, and we have no hesita- tion in saying that, although a young fellow who had great self-control, he owed his steady habits and freedom from vice to the charm which that home, had for him. He looked at it as his place of rest, the sanctum where the noisy world could not intrude, where he was cheered and solaced, and encouraged to persevere in his ambition. As yet the idea, of seeking a mate had not entered into his mind. When he was decoyed to hotels and other places of riotous resort, he soon sickened of their attractions, and fled to the pure atmosphere of his home, which dis- gusted him with what was so congenial to Victor. It is true, Victor had as pleasant a home as Walter, a mother and a cousin who lavished their love upon him, but he was never happy except when he was in fast company, at the card-table, or in the hazard-room, or even in more dubious places. He was a Bohemian, a nomad ; impatient of being alone, bored with his mother and cousin. Walter, on the con- trary, loved solitude, so that he could study and think ; and appreciated his mother's and sister's company more than that of others. Very pretty did Walter's neat cottage, which was situated on the hill that over- looked Rosalind Park, look in the soft light of the spring moon, whose beams were veiled, so to say, by the haze that per- vaded the atmosphere. In front was a pretty garden, the delight of Talanga Manton, whose most pleasant occupation was to tend the roses, geraniums, dahlias, fuchsias and mignonette, that formed her collection of plants. She had been called by so peculiar a name in remembrance of the station on whioh her parent had been married, it being aboriginal. A cheerful light shone in the window, denoting dinner waa ready, and Mrs. Manton and her daughter stood on the doligos-covered verandah to welcome the pride and darling of their hearts. "Dear son, how late you are !" said Mrs. Manton—a tall, strong woman, whose bearing showed she had worked hard in her time—as she kissed Walter. "And we've got such a dinner for you, Wally dear," cried Talanga, kissing him with all a sister's fondness. "Quite fashion- able. Soup, fish—a present from the police magistrate's wife, who's been in Melbourne— teal, roast meat, vegetables, pie, et-cet-e-ra. Nuts, too, et-cet-e-ra. There, Wally !" "Why, you dear little puss," said Walter, looking at her fondly, you make me as hungry as a hawk talking of all your luxuries. Wait until I get rich, and we live in Melbourne, and then you'll see everything done in grand style." They had by this time entered the com- fortable parlour which did duty as drawing- and dining room, and Talanga skipped away to tell the rosy-faced Irish help to dish up. It was a sight to see this room—an evidence that taste had been manifested. The tablecloth was snowy white, and the ware and knives and forks polished so that they shone ruddily in the light of the diminutive fire Mrs. Manton would persist in having up to the early part of summer, as she had a horror of damp. A few choice engravings, and one real painting of some value, picked up at an auction by Walter, were arranged on the wall with considerable knowledge of har- mony and contrast, while a rosewood piano, piled with music, filled one corner, a lounge the other (Walter's special monopoly), which made the small room look perfect. It was a little nest—a haven where the weary could repose. So good an eye had Talanga, and such perfect taste, that, although she painted very well, she could not be persuaded to hang any of her pictures in tbe parlour, but reserved them for her own bedroom, as the only suitable place. With such surroundings, and after his long walk, we need not be surprised that Walter made a good dinner. His mother took the end of the table, presiding over the carving, while Talanga took charge of the shining tea equipage, for, like true Australians, the teapot was always on the table, and Mrs. Manton prided herself upon her brewing of the drink which cheers while it does not inebriate. It was a plea- sant, loving sight—a true picture of home. Both women appeared never to think of themselves ; all their attention was given to their dear Walter. "Victor and I had a long ramble up the One-Tree Hill to- day," said Walter, as he discussed a delicate teal, choicest of Aus- tralian game, and Victor captured a snake and brought it home." "Bless me !" cried Mrs. Manton. "A snake ! How did he manage it ?" "Oh ! leave Victor alone for that," said Walter ; "he's such an old hand at getting natural history specimens that he's never at a loss. I believe he could capture an anaconda, for he uses chloroform." "I declare that boy's got the strangest fancies," replied Mrs. Manton. "Why, the last time I went to sea old Mrs. Graham she showed me what he calls his vivarium—I believe that's the right way to pronounce it— and I saw toads, lizards, frogs, scorpions, and all such nasty things, that they made me almost faint. What's he going to do with the creature ?" "Send it down to Professor M'Coy," said Walter ; and perhaps he'll be elected an honorary member of some society." "He's a wild young fellow," observed Mrs. Manton, as she rang the bell for Norah to remove the course ; "and I believe he'll come to no good, handsome as he is. Poor Mrs. Graham !" And she looked at Walter, evidently contrasting her son with her neighbour's. "I don't know, mother," said Walter. "The wildest youths often make the best men." Neither Mrs. Manton nor Walter noticed the interest Talanga took in their remarks, and the flush in her face. "Please, mum,'' chimed in Norah, who was a fresh importation, "have you seen the letther the postman left ; I put it on the mantel. An', mum, he's an impudent fellow, for he kist me forninst me face." "He couldn't do it behind your face, Norah, could he ?" laughed Mrs. Manton. "Hand it to me, Norah. I wonder who it's from," continued Mrs. Manton, as she looked at the postmark ; "it comes from Melbourne, and we have no friends there. A lady's handwriting, too. Oh !" Mrs. Manton, who had just opened the letter and glanced at the first line, fell baok, in her chair, almost in a faint, holding the letter out in front of her. "What's the matter, mother, dear ?" asked her children, alarmed. "Take the dish away, Norah," said Mrs. Manton, recovering herself a little, "and don't come in until I ring." When Norah was gone she turned to Walter and Talanga, and said, in a tremulous voice : "It's from her." "From Alice ?" they asked, with blanched faces. "From her we hoped was dead," said Mrs. Manton. "Read it, Walter ; I cannot. Poor, wretched Alice !" "Hush, mother," said Walter ; "perhaps we were all wrong about her. Let us hope so." He then proceeded to read the letter. "MOTHER,— I feel that I must write to you, or else my heart will break. As I write I fancy I can see Walter, Talanga, and you in the cosy little parlour, where we all sat in the olden time, so happy. For me that is all past ; I am not more worthy to sit there. This will be the first and the last letter you will receive from me, but I thought I must write to let you know I live. Live ! did I say ! No, I am dead to your world. I have a finer home than the old one. I am courted and admired as the butterfly is by the boy ; but, mother, mother, I will never be happy again, never gay, except when the fatal wine cup is at my lips. I am of the lost— the lost for ever ! Forget me from this time forth ; let my name never be mentioned. Whither you go I cannot come ; whither I go you will never journey. I am and must be dead to you. Ask Walter, for me, never to visit the Melbourne theatres ; he will understand why. You would wish to know, perhaps, who was the destroyer ; I cannot tell, for I know Walter would avenge me, and I love, pas- sionately, madly, the one who accomplished my destruction. You are a woman, mother, and can understand. In time, perhaps, you will know who was the serpent that crept into our paradise, but not now—not now. Good-bye, mother dear ! Good-bye, Walter, my own generous brother. Good-bye, dear Talanga ! Oh ! Talanga, as you value your soul ; do not listen to any youth unless you know him to be honourable and good. Beware of my fate ! May heaven bless you all, if it will listen to the petition of such as I, is the prayer, day and night, of your unhappy Alice." (To be continued.) 