The Ladies' Court. BY A LADY CONTRIBUTOR. The exhibits in the Ladies' Court are arranged with much taste, and many stands of brilliant-hued flowers are displayed. A large patchwork quilt hangs on the wall at the first landing; in the centre of it are worked the flags of every nation, and the colours are so well chosen and contrasted that it makes a most effective appearance. Facing the staircase is a very large Btand, filled with numerous exhibits, all made of the pith of rashes, of the kind that grow around Mordi- alloc and Cheltenham; the baskets, flowers, wreaths, etc., look inst as if formed from mac- caroni, and are as light as feathers. The lady who designed them told me that the idea of so using the pith is entirely her own, and that a great number of these exhibits have been done some nine years. They have, however, kept their creamy, white tint very well, and look perfectly fresh. I think the clever inventor will be almost certain to receive many orders for fancy baskets and other trifles of that nature as soon as her case receives the atten tion it so well deserves. As I looked at it, I could not help picturing some of the former filled with bright-hned, fragrant blossoms, and thinking how pretty they would be. On either side of this stand are several other smaller ones, containing respectively sea-weeds and shells, worsted-work, point-lace, and satins embroidered in floss silks. On entering the court, my attention was at once drawn to a very beaatirul group of white and purple rhododendrons painted on white velvet ; the flowers look so natural that it is difficult not to believe that they are real. Mrs. R. Shann, the lady who has executed them, mentions, in a notice placed beneath the work, that they are done by some process pecnliarly her own, but that she will gladly inform anyone who is desirous of knowing more on the subject. The kind offer will, I doubt not, meet with many a response, for it is an exhibit that is sure to meet with much admira tion. Opposite to the rhododendrons are two cases, one containing a variety of richly - HON. W. J. CLARKE, M.L.C. plumaged birds, and the other a bouquet and a cross. The latter has the word " veneror " engraven at the foot of it, and is entwined with ivy-leaves and passion-flowers , made of wax and floss-silk. Miss A. Barker is the owner of this stand. Beside it stands one I admire greatly, though its contents are very fragile, being formed of egg-shells — those of geese, I think, from their size and colour. They are all painted with different designs, mostly of a quaint Japanese style, and fashioned into egg-cups, small cream-jugs and teapots, the two latter having handles and lips made of some gilded composi tion. A great deal of care and patience must have been expended on them, and the result must be most satisfactory to the lady whose talents have produced so very charming and uncommon an exhibit. The name of Mrs. Seekamp is, I think, on the label attached to it. Several of the stands have been already on view at the Juvenile Exhibition, and have the gold and silver medals gained at it placed in prominent positions. Amongst them is a very handsome crimson satin cushion, with gold- coloured cord and tassels, the satin being covered with fine point-lace, which is admirably set-off by the vivid hue beneath it. The work is done by Mian Finlay. Almost at the entrance of the court stands a very large case ; in it are placed some of1 the most exquisitely-made flowers I have ever Been. At two of the corners are fuchsias in pots— one a deep crimson with purple centre, the other a double white and pink. One remarkable feature in these artificial plants is that the green leaves, instead of being, as is so generally done, simply bought and mounted, are all made by Miss Doherty in wax. The effect is most natural and life-like; indeed, I think, if they oould be seen anywhere else, most observers would believe them to be real flowers. The same remark con be made of the sprays of mignonette that stand beside them. There is also a lovely bridal bouquet made by tho same lady, the English snowdrops and white heath contained in II being eupedelly true to nature. A curious exhibit Is pinned near thin case, on the left side of the court ; It consists of cross, bracelets, ear-rings, and smoklng-eap made of melon-seeds, interspersed with steel bends; they look ejreeedliigly well, end. but for the notice that they «re composed of ' the seeds of tho rock-melon," the general impression, J think, i# rather that the vnmw articles ere of «ome Indian or Olnneee isentrifcefcure, On the wails ere hung a vei»ety of eghlMti, Including leetljor.-wofk, eeeweed end shells, feather flowers end celeb wok quilte ; I here ere three of the fetter, hut only one llmt I admire. It fe pieced ?» the centre, end its bright, welhreofitraeted shedos make e crafty feature ee visitors ppss u» tiio Lit side, Tho one arranged m 6m rigpt of the quhtius) mentioned has a eurioue m4or¥ ati-hihe' ro It, md though cot very pre!#, w erwfefHfe greatly valued fey its owner, whhe mmo i djd not learn, £4Q feeing the gffiouuj tor >h Home ot the patchwork baeuti extfeiaejy feded 1®! which, however, is only to fee pjropgfed, as the different equaree composing it imra ah tor= merly belonged to dr eeeee worn fey thefete Queen Adelaide, the Dueliera of Kent, and our own dearly-loved Sovereign, respectively, I wee told that the lady who exhibited it bed been at one time maid-of-honour to her Majesty, and, dazing that period, obtained the various silks, satins, and velvets of which it is com posed from one of the court dressmakers. Nearly in front of it is placed a very lovely cross, made of alum, and wreathed with scarl it and white passion - flowers. The sacredness that belongs to the emblem of our salvation seems to render perfect simplicity an actual necessity, and the cross to which I am alluding possesses it in a high degree. It is very large, and of a mucn greater width than is usually seen, thereby showing admirably the pure white, glistening material of which it is composed. The con trast between the massive, rock-like, snowy cross and the delicate, vivid-hued flowers rest ing so gracefully upon it is beautiful, and cannot foal, I think, to gain Mrs. Laing, who ex hibits it, much praise. A triumph of art is seen in a wreath of flowers made of human hair. The shading of the varions brown and golden tints is most artistic, but I do not think it is a pleasing exhibit — it reminds me so much of a muff composed of the same materials which I saw some years ago in the Kensington Loan Gallery in London, and which is indelibly fixed in my memory by reason of a quaint remark concerning it made by the late Charles Dickens, who was standing betide me at the time. The wreath is made by _Mrs. De Graudi. Almost the prettiest article in the court is, I think, a table of oblong form, with an extremely pretty pattern of fern fronds worked upon it. The tints are all those seen in the autumnal season, and a peculiarly soft, golden hue is thrown over them, giving the effect of sunlight resting there. The work has evidently been a " labour of love," giving the feeling that, whoever has done it, really enjoyed the pleasant task of reproducing, in such lovely forms, some of the fairest, though most fragile, of nature's floral treasures. I could not learn the name of the lady who has sent it. One small exhibit, that hangs on the right side of the court, will doubtless, excite, much interest in the visitors attending this om> great " "World's Show," especially to those who claim La belle France as their home. It appeared to me strangely out of place until I learnt its pathetic history. Surrounded on all tides by bright-hued flowers, gaily-tinted shells and sea-weeds, the thin faded piece of red and white calico has an almost ludicrous aspect, but the smile excited by it fades away as the vision of a far- off, lonely death-bed rises up, and the gazer realises that that poor, frail fabric has once formed a part of what rested on Napoleon Bonaparte in his last moments. How elo quently it seems to speak of the changing vicissitudes of life, telling, as it does, by its own mute testimony, that he, whose very name had once had power to make mighty nations tremble, should at last have died, so bereft of all earthly grandeur and pomp, as to have laid beneath a material so poor and common that scarcely one of those soldiers who so loved Le petit Corporal would have cared to use it. Little as I had ever admired or liked the character of the first Napoleon, I could not but pity hira as I looked on that memento of tbe sad ending of his comparatively short though ambitious life. It was brought from St. Helena by Miss Beale, who is also said to have been fortunate enough to rear one of the numerous slips she cut from the willows growing around the exile's grave. Close by tins exhibit are four others sent by Mrs. Henry, the wife of one of the warders belonging to the Melbourne Gaol ; they consist of flowers cut from coloured paper, some of them being so excessively small as to resemble minute specimens of mosi&c-; work. "Rie likeness, however, to each natural blossom is wonderfully distinct. It seems almost incredible that human fingers «" have so arranged tiny pieces of paper so as to form so successful a whole, if patience and skill avail in winning a prize, Mrs. Henry ought certainly to gain one. There are two stands of skeleton-leaves ; one contains a bouquet of pure white, wbich is very lovely, and arranged with great taste. I do not know the name of the sender, but I feel sure it is a case that will be much admired by the numerous visitors tothe court; it looks so pure and simple in its fragile loveliness. Speaking for myself, I know that my gaze, somewhat weary from examining the bright-hued objects around, returned again and again to rest on the delicate, transparent leaves and sprays. The other belongs to Mrs. Llewellyn, and is called "a phantom bouquet." It is tinted with a tinge of the very palest blue, and soattered here and there are a few holly-berries, glitter ing amongst the transparent leaves, and heightening the effect by their own vivid colouring. I did not, at first, admire it very much, but gradually the meaning of the words " a phantom bonquet " became clear to me. As I looked at it, the blue tinge seemed to resemble the light mist that is so often seen in England just as the sun is beginning to sink on an autumn afternoon; and memory brought before me many a fair home-scene, where the almost leafless hedges — wreathed in pale- blue mist, that would ere many hours had passed, have deepened into a thick, Leavy fog, and brightened by the scarlet hips and haws — appeared in very truth like "phantoms" of their own selves when clad in all the glory of their summer beauty. The loveliness of this bouquet cannot, I think, be fully understood by a casual glance, and will need several visits to be really appreciated. Abetter effect could, in my opinion, be obtained by a white base replacing the blue one which now holds the leaves, but, of course, any alteration is impos sible now the Exhibition is once opened. A good many specimens of leather-work are on view, the handsomest being a table holding an epcrgne filled with well-executed wax flowers. On the opposite side of the court is another onorgne of an extremely pretty form — small glass baskets of a light, slender shape hang from tho sides, and the whole of it is tastefully arrimgod with very natural-looking blossoms made It) the same material as those just men tioned, Not for from it stands a casewitha eol! notion of fruit of all kinds, that are remark- nfely trwo lo nature; some of the pears seem of an uiitimnilly large size, but that is the only ex ception Hint can bo taken to this exhibit. At tjitt further »ml of tho court hangs an ornament tor the H)Biil«l-j)iocc, composed of silk of the fa raurjio tirade of old-gold so much in vogue if i pt pow i it in adorned with paintings of ftowera doim Jn oils. A deeper shade of silk Would, I think, show lliem off to much greater ftdraiilftffe. Mra. Wfttiioiie, of l-'ootscray, exhibits a stand of (lowers, admirably curved from the cuttle-fish; tfeey are vory effective, and of a pure white winch enhances their beauty. A curious-look- ing blossom attracts much attention, it is made je white wool and bears the singular name of "Holy Ghost flower" ; just in front of the vase which holds it, is another one containing a large bouquet composed of. the same material r pfout named "the moving plant of India, a title given on account of peculiar movement of the leaves which continue in agitation day and night. I never saw better wool flowers, and they nearly all done from memory. A stand sent by Mrs. Hatow — to whom also belong some of the seaweeds and pressed ferns already mentioned is termed Neptune's Car, and intended to represent two scenes of ocean life ; the upper one showing the sea-king seated on a nautilus shell, drawn by three sea-horses abreast, with branches of white coral surrounding him. j. he sea is very well imitated : the lower scene is a coral cave, fringed with various seaweeds, the flooring composed of sand strewn with different lrinda of shells, small pebbles, and sprays of seaweed. In tbe centre are seated two mer maids, and behind a -branch of white coral appears another sea-horse. The idea is an excessively pretty one, and very well earned out with the exception of the three figures, which are too unmistakeably like dolls. Some emu eggs, mounted on vases of leather-work in different stages, natural, varnished and bronzed, are much admired. The eggs are worked with some designs, apparently Chinese, and the vases carved with ferns, kangaroo and emu. The three exhibits will form a charming gift for any person desirous of sending one to the old country. A case, which interests me very much, is filled with several of the Austra lian wild-flowers, made in wax, and forwarded by two sisters — Miss Eva and Florence Peebles. Amongst them are two kinds of wattles, so natural in their appearance that it is really difficult to refrain from bending down to inhale the exquisite perfume belonging to the tree; a. large spray of the beautiful desert-pea, and a branch o'f a most gorgeonsly-hued flower, labelled tbe "Tasmanian Waratah," whose colour is of a deep, brilliant crimson. I regret very much that these young ladies did not send in some more of their admirable imita tions of our wild blossoms, as many, whose avocations do not allow of any lengthened visit to the country, can have but little idea of the vivid colouring and exquisite beauty with which our Master has in so many places " clothed the grass of the field." In the stand I have already described as con taining the exhibits made from the pith of rushes, is a very beautiful text, that will, I trust, preach its own loving, though silent sermon to the crowds passing up and down the stair-case facing it: "Be not weary in well doing." E. A. C. 