ALVERLEY. (Reprinted from, the Lamp.) Chapter IV. Euphemia was liavinp,' a little contest with her father. She wished to go and meet her future companion at the next station about a mile distant. She was as pleased as a child at the prospect of having Miss Burgess. The old lord was standing by her in the garden, and looking at her, as he, as usual, clutched the stick of his umbrella. “ It is not possible, Eemia, that you should go. I do not see the use of it, and besides, believe me, you would be taking the first step towards spoiling the girl.” She laid her hand gently on his arm. “ Dear father, I thought I should bo taking the first step towards preparing a pleasant reception for Miss Burgess. Just consider she is an orphan; (his is the first situation she has will feel shy and depressed, poor -d entering upon her new duties and people who are quite strangers to e said these words a sweet bright taken girl, on meeting herd As si smile played over her face ; she stood with a look of inquiry fixed on her father. Her fair curls fell upon her white dress. But; the old man shook his head unwill ingly, and was blind to all blandishments. “ How many words about this girl, Eemia, before, she is lien'? Excuse me one mo ment,’' and, turning sharply towards the rear of (he house, lie assured himself by personal enquiry that the carriage, had been punctually despatched to the railway station. This was a strange and most unusual proceed ing , and therefore very charaeteristie. And where is the use of being a lord, if his lord ship cannot do just as he pleases? Return ing, lie walked on, and Euphemia kept near him. It. was no longer a question ot whether she was to go. She remained. Pouting was not her line. She spoke cheerfully with her father about, other things. But it. was not a timid orphan, looking with fear into the unknown future, who occu pied the railway carriage ; it was not a fair maiden trembling before strangers ; it was a woman, stern, adroit, beyond most of her sex, clover and artful, and master both ol: her heart and her demeanour. The heavens threatened a, storm when she stepped into a carriage with very conspicuous armorial hearings. She had again been the only person in her compartment ol (he train. The servants who accompanied the carriage hesitated w hether to approach her thought her appearance too commam I ing for that <> I a eoi n i thev knew that she would si higher round of the servants la< did themselves. he vi. Ill III the A IV quickly drew <h The ; quick I y from t h a. pow must marked I his heart herself : They - not ruga mo| her a herself t A I verley over fate kind. E carriage, eldest' hr. genii mv, sin whiei it. enrich-, inlerefw. had only lirsl horn 111 r a 111 I 111 lev crest. ■ Amelia, (lie raven d h mu her veil. ervanl would not. hav. they majestic and lanion, though and upon a Ider than they id recognised id, advancing ■fore it as she hastened more >pen the ■Med to. willing lanieau. >r had lie had a herself, n those \- sm if a d Ai There was eyes which as slie re 'oinfed (o her slight, liand g'hmee made he,.||. “ The lirst,” said Amelin to (tie ntiMS \v dl bd lo w. ’ r< > v e 111 'f. Amelia’s thoughts were ed in hinging remembrances of her d sister, nor was she figuring to ie reception she should have, at she was 'groaning in bitter silence and the sen - (‘h customs of liiall ae she was sealed iii ;i splendid hiving to the country seat of Ihe I her. Wa - not I his rigid of prince r and ionei! by law, a shame and a I'obl ied tlm y oimger brut hers w hile I the elder? Ye| Providence had I in this instance. Lord AI verley i duugliP-r. " ( di, I his rigid of the ! this idiotic arrangement," she thoughl, with her I a si. I full of bitter feelings. She took oh her hat and ht down the wind ows, she was So impressed bv Ihe beat. It became verv dark and the storm broke loose. She leaned back mi tlm soft cushions as if she had hoen accustomed to such luxuries all her life, and was unaccustomed to tread the common ground. She had no feeling ot admiration for the elegant equipage in which she travelled ; external eireiimslanees moved her but for an instant. In the storm which drove through her now uncontrollable mind and heart, and in which envy and jealousy were chased by passion, with complaints of the time-honoured customs of the country, and anger at the elevation and the depression of others, Amelia became paler than ever, and her eyes were larger and more brilliant. The heavens were in a llaine, one dash of light succeeded the other, leaving hardly an interval of fearful darkness. She loved the storm, and her ears listened with delight to the deep roll of the thunder. The servant turned once to look at her, and saw how she was watching the war of the elements. She seemed to him like a being from another world as she sat quietly there, and with a look in her eyes that he could not understand, gazing through the window at the awful spectacle. A few drops of rain began to fall. She eared not for this, but let it moisten her raven hair as it came through the. window. She let the wind play in her loosened tresses, and felt that her interior disturbance was in harmony with this war of nature, that it gave her peace, and she must he peaceful and serious when she arrived at her destination. It was an hour’s drive from the station to the mansion at Alverley. In about twenty minutes the moon again shone forth, and the carriage stopped before the pillars of the entrance*. The servant sprang from the box and opened the door. The fat Martha (who had vouched to her lord the despatch of the carriage) did not fail to he, the first to wel come the guest, and appeared with a lamp in her baud. Amelia alighted. Her black dress and her black hair increased the marble pale ness of her countenance She stood motionless for a moment, and looked ut the nnpleasing 1'aee of the ox-house keeper, upon which the light fell. Then, remembering that there were witnesses to the scene, she moved on. Martha, who had stood transfixed, now uttered a cry of terror, as if she had stum some nocturnal apparition ; the colour left, her face, her hands trembled, and the lanp fell from t hem with a crash to the ground. Then she felt her hand so pressed that she shrank under the icy weight of the small lingers, and a soft, voice whispered in her ear : “ Be silent. If yon mention that, you know me, and that, 1 am not Miss Burgess, t will take, care that yen shall hi* dismissed from the house wit.li shame and disgrace.” And pass ing her without further notice she entered tin.' inner ha II. “ 1 was very silly.” stammered Martha, ami stooped to pick up tiie broken glass. u I thought the sight of the companion had disturbed you,” said the servant. “ She is so beautiful that i! is impossible In see enough of her.” “Yes, very beautiful,” she repeal,ted me dian had ly. She billowed after her foe. Amelia was gazing at tie- beautiful marble pillars (hat supported tic roiling of the ha,11 in which she stood. In niches around were statues, the stairs wen. ro\ creil with a crimson carpet, and oil! I ai on (ranee e at rein I v be Ule enlom e ml II, jo whi ed. Other ilieea led flu (In* d ramie .Amelia (hen rose small lieu upper -.lor this males is and other apart iiamts. in all (his at, a. glance, and ; Is r mind the picture of a " \\\ hole of which, with its will have been contained in ul. and behind those closed in .no had sent this woman to guard Ids poor Then nil" o| lloisehes ' ! s i, and after ! m \ i 1<g come, i '.e d Is 1' ' her up: m ir o . I .. a “(ini' main are I bire'es d,e s eo 111 f e rt a b I ■ ■ ;aW which eenn-e'e ! epened. iwv > few Minn: , nab yon down Is . up prelum IS. Be from ids old i w been made mil Ie• r Sim (lisp >p: sin I in tin “ lie makes excuses receive me.” said A liwli eolue to receive um V I Alverley would go to castle to receive bis d; brof her. doors open“d, and b her usual graceful, ■cached the si ranger, .her a pleasant w<d ||. r Amelia’s to lead mar each oilier, M iss th 'V entered a large " I hope n,js vd! very oftell be ■a\ e \ on a Ion0 for a will collie and take s' my f.illmr is ex Ills excuses for not tail Im is si life ring ■ goiH. \\\ I ill'll have by the s( (inn." next room, for not coming to i. “ \\\ oiild lie have think not. No Lord lie threshold of Ids lighter’s companion, and especially this Lord Alverley.” “ Has Miss Burgess any commands for me ?” said Martha in a humble voice as she stood at the door. She turned away without answering. “ I am ordered by his lordship to wait upon you,” said the fat woman in an excul patory whining voice. “ 1 absolve you once for all from this ser vice. What is your name ?” said Amelia, as if she had never before seen Martha, and was speaking to an entire stranger. Martha bit her lips. She had found her superior in the art of feigning. “ Martha, at your service,” she said. “ Have you been Jong in his lordship’s ser vice V” continued Amelia in a distinct voice. “ No,” said Martha softly. “ Speak louder,” whispered Miss Burgess, “ for I wish the lady in the next room to hear and understand what you say.” “ No, I have not been long in his lordship’s house;,” said Martha aloud. “ Now listen, Martha. 1 am accustomed to wait upon myself; 1 dress myself and require no more attention to my room than the housemaid can give. Tell his lordship this.” 8he waved her hand, and Martha felt so silenced, and was so overcome. I))' rage and hatred that she burst into tears as she left the room. She was powerless against this superior will, hut she gnashed her teeth like a wild beast in a net, “ She is as cowardly as she is cunning, thought Amelia. “ She will lx; silent.” She stepped to the mirror to arrange her hair. There were (lowers in two vases on the table. “This Euphemia is sentimental I see; gentle and yielding, though beautiful after her style,; she will he like, wax in my hands— a leather which I can stir with the breath of my mouth.” Euphe.mia appeared at flic door. “ May L ?” she said, as smilingly she hesitated at the entrance. “ Certainly, dear lady ; 1 have no prepara tions to make, for i have my whole wardrobe on my person,” said Amelia, in half joking tone. Not any of the bitterness w hich Idled her heart at this sad truth sounded in her cheerful voice. She spoke gaily, as if it; could not he otherwise. “ Deal- Miss Burgess, look on mu as your friend,” said Euphemia, taking Amelia’s baud. She felt, much drawn towards the beautiful friendless creature, who was henceforth to lind her home with her. “ You have been wrong to send Martha, away,” she added. “ I could not, but hear what; you said for you spoke lend.” “No,” replied the eonipanion. “ 1 must not spoil myself, and what is quiie suitable to you, lady, is not, equally so to me. Hut 1 thank you. And the llowers r"’ “They' came, from my lit Me world,” said Euphemia with a sweet smile ; “in return you must; tell me about the great world out side from which you are eeum, end <d which I know nothing. ! am curious about it,” Amelia, could no! repress a. leekng o! pity The speech of the beautiful pari was so inno cent, her iook so sweet and eh ! ], | J j I, e, Mint she. thought : “If l could pe.-sibly love an Alverley it, would be this girl.” The old lord did not look particularly agreeable when his dangntw entered the room arm in arm with h:■ empianon, though when Amelia bent gracef- by i.M'p.e him, and raised her dark eyes in in:a d lad I veiled, be. rose and returned her oi ; '•aw by a, bow such as lie might haw nwle a duchess. There was something in iw appearance that he. called race, and (tie old wi sneial. did not send to Miss burgess, whom he dad engaged ns a. salaried eonipanien to laughter, hut to the woman whose g a ’1;, ' •■truck him that his homage Vffs in “ Eermit in? to n pda said. “ ()h, my lord ! do v: ashamed. 1 low can y w , • mission from me ? 1 “ She is modest,” l h e -ai j leases me lllicoliillinl:; v ; ’ never really been plea d a (lie arrival of this le e n A barley, and had not then • his daughter should go m sidf placed a chair h-r lea’, w isli that she should sit m ar Euphemia observed will father’s evident admiral ion n and her joy was all the «: me fee! : Ill’ll a in 1 ■; “ this girl e-s i he who had ;le- till night I if of Castle n i; lining that d tier, now him and signified his him. : pleasure her if Miss Burgess ; rreatcr from the secret anxiety she felt about the first intro duction of her future companion. Yes, her beauty exercised a conquering power. What a plainer and more amiable girl would have effected with trouble and difficulty she gained quickly and with ease. She bewitched people with her eyes and with her voice, with her colourless complexion, and her black hair, and even with the move ment of her hand. “ You have arrived in storm and rain, Miss Burgess,” began Lord Alverley, “hut the Storm brings blessings with it, for our fields and pastures are greatly in want of assist ance.” “Yes, my lord, I came here like a poor wandering bird,” she replied, with a smile of mixed sweetness and sadness, “ and after the darkness of which I had been surrounded the appearance of this house, with its bright lights, was all the more welcome. The heavens are now clear, and the moon is shin ing.” And she added, “ And in like manner I have come forth from the past darkness into the clear bright present and future ; the storm and the rain are now for others, but for me a quiet advance on the path before me.” Tina old lord loved light and large rooms, and so the folding-doors between the three rooms wore always open. He disliked lamps, he preferred the light of the wax tapers to which ho had been accustomed from his childhood. “ And I hope the ‘ wandering bird’ will be pleased with us, and that her rest will be as pleasant to her as we desire,” remarked the old man politely, as he rose, offered his arm to his daughter, and left the room, Amelia following with her head bent and her hands folded. Supper was in the next room. The plate of the companion was placed next to Euphcmia’s, who sat at her father’s right hand. Lord Alverley desired it to be changed to his left hand, so that Amelia sat opposite to his daughter, who gave her a friendly nod ; while Lord Alverley from time to time, when he thought himself unob served, east, a. rapid glance at Miss Burgess, and could not but own that he had never been surrounded by so much beauty as at present. Indescribable joy was in Amelia's heart. “ I have won ; the road is made smooth.” ■She eoidd have cried out with delight. She could have' kissed Euphemia, and the wild thought came into her head that she could seize the old lord who sat so stiffly by her side and whirl with him in dance round the j room as long as she had breath. Then she suddenly remembered her mis sion. There must be no indication of her thoughts to her countenance. Her hand, which held a glass of sparkling champagne to her lips, trembled not ; not a shade of colour came to her cheek as she pointed out a white moth which was fluttering nearer and nearer to the flame which was yet singe ing his wings. “ It is curious,” she said, “he thinks the light is as welcome an ele ment. as the air ; he knows only its beneficial qualities ; not those, which destroy.” Feinia took the injured insect between her lingers and carried him to the open window. But. he was unable to fiy away and fell down. “ Pity came to late,” remarked Lore Alvor loy. “ It would have been better to let him destroy himself in the (lame than to die a lingering death.” “lie, will at least die in the open air, among dowers, and in the place where he lived so happily,” returned Femia. “ Yes, it must, be hard to die away from home, and in a strange place.” Amelia said these few words in a monoto nous manner, as if she had rather been speak ing to herself than to others, but. from under tier eyelids she observed the effect of her upeeeli. Lord Alverley started : it was as if a. drop of gall had fallen into his glass, and liis look rested for a. moment, on the mourning dnws by his side. “ I am not fond of making moral applies bons from animals to men,” he said harshly. film seemed as if she did not hear him, and coidinned jn a low voice: I often envy the animals ; they do not think, they forget at Once, they weep not —” “ But. then they laugh not,” said Femia, who wished to give the eonvemt.ion a differ ent turn, for she saw the clouds that wore gathering on her father’s brow, and his look °f uneasiness. As if she heard the sound of these words, but had not received their meaning, the in exorable. Amelia continued : “ And then, too, they do not lose their senses.” ITer words were like an electric shock to the old man. Miss Burgess, suddenly raised her head and fixed her mysterious eyes inquiringly on Lord Alverley. He placed his hand over his eyes. Did he wish to drive a dark image from before them ? She knew this and she intended it. “ But I make you sad with my chatter,” she said lightly, “ and this is no recommendation in a companion. Forgive me, my lord, and you, Lady Euphemia. A poor girl who lias no father is often full of her own ideas, hut she shonld keep them to herself, and not trouble others with them.” Lord Alverley had regained his composure, and felt angry with himself. lie very seldom lost his self-command, and his dis pleasure turned against himself, and besides it was impossible to reproach the young girl who looked so imploringly at him with those beautiful eyes. She must have spoken with out design, unsuspecting that she was touch ing a tender spot which he kept carefully concealed. He forced a smile. “ You are too young, Miss Burgess,” he said, “ to take these me lancholy views, nnd you seem to me also too sensible.” His voice had not its usual tone. She failed not to observe this. It was the custom after the meal to walk up and down the three rooms, when the two servants, who had waited at table, were always in attendance to receive orders and reproofs. This Lord Alverley thought pro moted digestion. To Fcmia’s surprise this custom was on this day not observed, and she was now not particularly pleased at her father’s great consideration for her new com panion. Ernest, the young servant who had brought Amelia from the station, could not refrain from a whisper to old John : “ We have to thank the young lady for this escape ; did you see how gaily his lordship talked to her?” John shook his grey head, but did not much care that he had this evening escaped the usual reproaches for all his possible and im possible failings of the day. It was such an old custom, he thought, so long established, that it did not seem right that a mere com panion shonld be the cause of this change, for the sermon was as necessary to him as his evening meal, and he never objected to his masters evening lect ures. Amelia had now to make up for her mis take. She did her best ; she spoke with elo quence, and enchanted the listeners by the sound of her voice. She supplied the sub jects for conversation, and yet made it ap pear to her companions that she. had only followed their lead. Lord Alverley wished Miss Burgess good-night, more pit ased with her than ever. Amelia curtsied deeply, and left the room with Euphemia. “ Wo sleep alone on this Hour,” said Eomia ; “ you are not. afraid ?” There was a look of mixed scorn and tri umph on Amelia’s face. “ No,” she replied, I should not be afraid to sleep alone in the whole castle. What should I lie afraid of? 1 do not believe in ghosts, and 1 fear no man Do the servants sloe]) below?” “ Yes,” said Euphemia, u hut there is a little concealed staircase that leads from our gallery into their rooms. I avoid this little staircase ; I do not like it. That is the door of it.” She pointed to the door as she stood before her own. “ My maid is waiting for me ; good-night Miss Burgess. You prefer that Martha, should snore at the foot of this little staircase to having her as your servant.” She. disappeared, and Amelia, walked about, her large apartment. Every sound echoed t hrongli the great chamber. She stood before the mirror and addressed her image as if a stranger. “Do you like being Lady Euphemia Alverley’s companion, Miss burgess? Are von pleased? Yd l feel a kind of disgust when 1 see how all how In voirr beauty hen' as formerly they did in the eoiis'ent. It is like a theatre. And you are pardoned even fertile terrible fear which you)' seemingly aimless words about the <lying among strangers far from home and about the poor animals which cannot lose their senses, called forth. The old man could not. hut think of his dead brother ; how he looked at me as if 1 had given him poison ! How his hand trembled! And Martha, too. But what are you, Miss Burgess? You are a traitor ; for you have borrowed a strange name, and under cover of this mantle have stolen into the castle. And what do you want here V You are taking- on you the part of Providence ; you would change a heart which has remained hardened through a long life, so that it shall make good what it has hitherto failed to do ; you will that your grandfather’s coffin shall rest in the vault with his ancestor’s—above all you would gain for your poor mother all that she needs.” She stopped and placed the night-light on her table near the flowers. I am in mourning and cannot wear flowers, hut their perfume will at least reach my bed.” “ Miss Burgess,” cried Euphemia through the door, “do not forget to remove the flowers front your room, jtliey may give you a headache.” “ Thank you, lady ; I am not all nervous,” she answered. “ Martha sleeps at the bottom of the little staircase,” she continued to her self, “ suppose I. were to go to rest. Good night, Miss Burgess. The cards are dealt. I think you have trumps in your hand.” She extinguished the light, and in a few minutes was asleep. (To be continued.) I ---—--- - 