QUEEN COPHETUA, By R. E. FRANCILLON, [CHAPTER XXIX.". Is tliere grave too low and lone For the clouds to rain upon, Sc that he who passeth by Finds not e'en a Daisy's eye ? Him who lies there lovedst thou? He will give thee flowers enow; If no more than Daisies be, They are white to comfort thee. Who shall call a life that's sped Vain, which speaketh being dead ? Who shall say that grave's in vain Where grow Daisies after rain ? Many more days passed by, and still Gideon Skull did not return. Habits soon grow, and no day passed without Helen's seeing Victor, He was beginning to understand his heart at last, and she had nothing to do but to look for hiB coming. She would not put his care for her into a conscious tbonght, but she knew it in ber heart, and her refusal to look the fact in the face did not weaken its influence over her. She felt by in&tinct; that she must make herself deaf and blind to any hint of sweetnesB in her life, lest she should recover her waking senses and find it gone, or turned to bitterness like all the rest of the things that life had given her. She feared nothing more for herself than this, be cause this alone was quite enough for her to fear. Hay, if she thought—so she felt—her half-known friend might turn out to be merely as selfish and as self-seeking as his fellows; and she clung to her last illusion, telling herself that it might be no more, but refusing to part with it while a thread of it might hold together. At first Gideon's prolonged absence seemed natural enough, considering bis character. His grand coups, as Victor knew even better than Helen, had often been preceded by a long course of swimming under water. Before coming to the surface be bad always dived. After a while, however, it began to wear something of the character of a mystery. Gould it be that he had meant to desert his wife, as well as to slip away from his strangely indifferent creditors? He must be conscious of her want of love for him; he could not—so Victor fancied—have loved in any sense a woman whom he had won by deli berate treachery; she could only be a burden upon bim in any new adventure. If he had deserted her, the last link that bound her to bim had surely gone. What was left but a shadow—bo Victor argued—between her and any true marriage that might come to her? Surely life, peace, comfort, not impossible hap piness, were never meant to be baulked because there was a Gideon Skull alive in some unknown part of the world. Beason itself had turned traitor, and bad gone over to the other side. Victor knew now that he neither merely pitied nor only sympathised with her any more, but that he simply loved her with all his heart, as sorely as that he breathed. He desired her good above all things; but it was now in the way that makes ns desire the good of another because hers, or his, is onr own; and which, moreover, makes us too often mistake what we fancy to be our own good for theirs. He still knew be was drifting, but the shoals ahead looked green and fair, and he no longer feit his own need to shape his own course with sail and oar. How could he leave her now, he asked, when she needed him, without being the most selfish of cowards ? But he knew all the time that he would have found some equally good reason for not leaving ber, even ksd she not needed him. Only to this last piece of know ledge he blinded his eyes as much as she, to another piece, was blinding hers. Love was surely not the less because it had come into his heart like the consciousness of thunder before the storm. One day he came to her as usual, without any sort of word to say to her after he had taken her hand. Every I thing seemed to have been said that, could be said, except the first and last word of all. Nor did she break the silence. She never had the [ heart to speak of small things, and even she was wearying of her own eternal "I" and " Me." Nothing was to be said of every-day matters that had not been already said a hundred times. And he felt as if, were be henceforth to call npon Helen every day for fifty years, his power of speech wonld grow less and less, unless some sudden moment were to strike from him the one word which alone he had to say to her. It was strange to him that all the self-consciousness 6bould seem to be on his own side, and that silence did not seem a burden to her. He had come to her as usual without any plan of speech, and he could form none now. But something he must say. Silence itself begnn to feel too mnch like the speech which he had not planned. " I was thinking," he said, at last—meaning both much and nothing. "Of what I ought to doj?" asked she. "I mnBt do something soon." " Yes and no ... I was thinking of that and of other thiBgs besides. One thinks of what can be; but one can't help thinking of what might have been, too." " Of what might have been ? No. There is no nse in thinking of anything but what can be.". "We can make the two agree, though, some times . . . if we are not afraid. It seems to me that nothing can ever be, unless we take our own lives into our own hands, and not let ourselves be blown about by other people's lives, like straws by the wind. I was wondering and I was thinking, too." " I have given up wonderiDg long ago." " I was wondering—for example—if Victor Waldron is not quite so black as he is painted; if you and he had met as other cousins meet, both free and both heart whole" •' I am wondering what would happen if the skies were to fall. I dare say, if he had wanted to marry me, I should have married him for the sake of Copleston, just as I married Gideon Skull" " For the sake of self-sacrifice for others. Helen, never let me hear you speak of yourself like that again. And as for this Waldron—bow do you know that you judge him rightly when you judge yourself so wrongly ? How do you know that he may not be feeling Coplestone a curse since it came to him by another's wrong ? I know how I should feel" " I don't think I misjudge him. I did once, because I did not know what men are when there is a chance of their getting money or land. Gideon Sknll would have .done just the same. Why should I think worse of Victor Waldron than of others ? I don't, indeed." " And you think there is nothing I would not do for money or land ?" " How can I tell till I have seen you tried?" " You are frank. . . . Well, let it be so. Helen—I believed in Alan; and T believe in hundreds, thousands more. What would you say if Victor Waldron implored you to relieve him of Oopleston as from a curse " If he found it a curse, I should think justice had for once been done. But I would not take what is not my own. I could do so much fcr Alan still." " Yes; Alan. There is one man, you see, who put a great many things before gold and land. And if one, wby not many morei"' " Alan died young." " Helen! For God's sake, whoever you wrong, don't wrong him ■ " And whom am I wronging ?" " Him, and yourself, and me, and half the world. You tbink that your life is broken, and you show how strong it is by exaggerating every thing you tbink and feel. You fancy you are coldly logical, and you judge of a whole world, where no two men or women are alike in any thing, from the one or two who happen to be nearest you at the time. You commit follies like the rest of us, and imagine them to be sins. You are quivering with life, and mistake for death the pains that can only be felt by nerves that are intensely alive. Your heart is hungry and thirsty, and you try to care famine by starving. Yon" "Why are you always so Card on me?" "Why? For the best reason on earth—be cause you are dearer to me than the whole world. That is why; and you know it in yonr heart aa well as I do in mine. But hard on you —when I love you! Oh, Helen, don't you un derstand ?" Helen turned white and crimson, hot and cold. " You—you— Bay that—to Me ?" " I, to you. Yes, with my whole heartland soul. I did not mean to say it to you to-day. . . . But it must have come to-morrow, or next day, or in a year; but it must have come. . . . Hew can I help loving you? If you don't believe that, there is nothing left yoa to believe. Love may help you, Helen. If it is only for that, I am glad I love you; but it is not for that—I love you because I do, and I am glad because I am." He did not approach her, or even hold out bis band for hers. He only stood before her, pale and still, and with eyes that seemed defy ing fate, with the look that went straight from his to hers. He was desperately in earnest, and he had made her trust him long ago—for what bad come to seem, to both of them, ages ago. As for her, she could believe her ears. She felt life melting back into her. She had never known love; yet Love did not come to her as a stranger comes. "I don't ask you for yonr love," said he, " but we can't go on playing the farce of my being only your friend. I am tired of all the lies we are living—every one of us, all round. I want to claim tbe right to help you in all ways, great and small. A woman may take all things from a man who loves her, as I love you. Yes, if it is only in the name of what might have beeD," he said, putting his hand out for a semblanoe of reason, and catching hold of some sort of a straw. " I have said it. No—don't say one word to me unless you please; except 'Help me; for, since you love me, you can.'" Helen's throat swelled, and her eyes filled with tears. She felt that her woman's fate had come—and Now. Not for -one instant did she feel that there was room for unfaith towards Gideon Skull. She had throwB off her marriage with her ring. She could not think of herself as otherwise than free. Something had been saved out of the wreck of life; if nothing more was to happen to her until she died, she had been told that she was loved in the very voice of Truth itself, and had therefore not been made a woman altogether in vain. But her first conscious thought was a strange one, nor can any pretend to tell how or whence it came. " Would Bertha have felt like me, if AIbu had lived to tell her he loved her ? Poor girl!" "Show that you forgive me," said Victor, " by saying 'Help me all you can.' For I can now." He held out his hand at last, but almost humbly, and scarcely as if seeking hers. But the very reticence and reserve of his gesture had a dignity of its owe, and made it Beem a com mand rather than a doubtful prayer. Hera went to it as naturally as to a home, but with a trembling touch that thrilled him through. " Yes—help me!" said she. He scarcely knew what was happening any more, now that he was holding ber hand and could read her soul in her eyes. This was infi nitely more than be had ever- dreamed—and yet, was it cot the only natural end? He itooped and kissed the band that trembled in his: though'it trembled hardly more than his own. Be even forgot that she did not kuow of him so much as her lover's name. " Helen, dearest Helen," he said at last, as he still held her hand, " there is one true, great thing in life for yon now. . . . And for me! . . There was no need to speak now; and a whirl of plans rushed through his mind, or rather through his heart; for his mind had little to do with his will any more. She was thinking him strong and brave, as a woman always thinks that'man to be who is weaker than water, so long as his weakness is hers. And he was think ing himself no less; for what does any man believe more strongly than a woman's thoughts of him, so long as they flatter him ? She should never learn that he was Victor Waldron instead of Walter Gray. He would sell Oopleston. He wonld begin life again, with new aims and under a new name. He wonld take her any where she pleased, so long as it was neither England nor America. There were twenty countries where they, whom nobody knew, could live in all hontur. If Gideon chose to sne for a divorce, all the better; if not, Helen had divorced herself already. They could live in Venice, or in Vienna, or even in Paris, where Alan had died—— All at once there rose up a ghost from the grave. Was this the life he was planning for the sister of his dead friend—for whose sake he bad eworn himself her true brother and knight for ever ? The hand turned cold that dropped hers, and his heart felt numbed. There she stood before him, ready to come into his arms, if so he willed, And he knew that his whole life had turned into love for her. Bnt what sort of love was it that was preparing for Alan's brotherless sister ?— alife of Bhameandsin? He conld only tnrn aside and bury his face in his hands to shut out the sight of the accusing ghost that stood between him and her, and was saying, "Victor—I trusted you /" "What is it?—what has happened?" cried she. " What have I said ?—what have I done ?" "HeleD," he said, slowly and sadly, as he lifted his eyes again to hers, " I do love you. That casnot be unsaid or undone. • . . Oh, to think of what might have been! You are a wife" "No!" "You are Alan's sister—and mine; for he was my friend. Oh, Helen, don't you see what stands between you and me ? . . . I cannot help loving you, it is my fate; but you have no right—I have none. . . . Helen, there was one man I once knew who put duty before all. You have told me that he gave up his love, his life, and broke his heart simply because he fancied that he would do a girl harm by speak ing of love to her—and she was free. I say he was a fool. But he was the fool of strength, and of duty, and of honour. . . . Helen, whatever we may say, you have sworn before God to give yonr mortal life, all but your im mortal sou), to the service of one man on earth, be be what he may. If he deceived you—well, marriage is not a bargain, to be set aside by fraud. If it were, if the husband's failure to perform the whole part set free his wife, or the wife's failure set free her husband, there would be few enough marriages, Heaven knows. . . ;. I knew all this ages ago; for letting Love making me forget it, forgive me. ... I think even Alan would, if he knew. ... If 1 speak strangely . . ." Helen's heart seemed to freeze within her. Conld this be the great love of a strong man, who had dared to tell her that he loved her, and had then recoiled at the first sound of his own words ? Had he put the cup to her lips, only to dash it away? She could only stand in dnmb ampze, that felt like despair. He himself felt as if he were playing the part of a coward; for who is so brave, or so cold, as to feel no shame in making a woman feel that he is leeB weak than a man ought to be ? Even now, he longed to dare all for love, even what would be enough to make tin spirit of her brother, and of every gentleman as dead and as true, rise in scorn and anger from the grave, " Be true to yonr duty for Alan's sake and for God's sake," said he. " Your duty ? . , . A lady does not desert a man because he is poor —that is nothing; a woman does not desert a man because he does wrong, or because she is unhappy. The worse he is, the more he needs toe Help none can give nim bat she. . . . She is all he has left; the worse and the falser one is, the better and trner the other mast be. Oh, if you could only know the thousandth part of what I feel for you; if I loved you leBS, it wonld be so easy to say, ' dome, and let doty go.' It would be so easy, for me, to turn my love into your shame. . . . Dear, I can help you still. Don't be surprised if you don't see me or hear from me for a day or two. I must be alone. . . .< Perhaps I shall write to you before I see you again. Say you forgive me— for saying I love you. Not for loving you— there is nothing to forgive there." fche might have felt humiliation at his assumption of her readiness to give'up what he now called duty for him. She felt none, for she had been ready, and she knew that he knew it as well as she. But though she felt, instead of shame, the loss of her last dream, and though her heart was aching, pride forbade her to show how much her life had gone out towards him, and how bitter was the pain with which it had to shrink back into itself once more. She could not say "I forgive you." But, though he could not enter half-way into all she felt, he could not press her for a word. He could only go, not daring to look forward to when he should see her 8gain. He put her frozen hand to his lips, and was gone—more self-scornful than ever. For the hardest part of doing what is right is the shame instead of the pride which it so often brings—which is so terribly often the Vienne que pourra of Fats ce que iu dois. Helen had not yet roused herself from her last cruelly broken dream, had not yet compre hended the meaning of Victor's last words, or of what love means to man or woman, or if it means anything at all, when she was startled by a thundering rap at the door, and a heavy, but quick tread on the stairs—the step of him whom the man who professed to love her had bidden her to honour and obey. She could not rise when he came in, but she felt no fear. "What is the meaning of all this?" Baid Gideon, sternly. " How is it I find you hero ? I go away, and I come back to find that you have left your home, and have been living in this wretched dog-hole for days. What fool's craze are you playing now ?" " Nothing,' said she. " I don't know what it means" "By—Helen" He paused. "It seems to me that we have not been understanding one another very well, you and I. I'm not a good hand at courting my own wife; I wish I were. I suppose—well, I suppose you have been making up your mind that I am a blackguard whom no decent woman ought to live with, and have been—well; I don't like you the less for having a temper of your own. Won't you even shake hands? Well." His new softness fcemed to her ;like a new insult; but she felt herself growing callous to all things now. Per haps Walter Gray had been right after all. She was certainly blind to the dog-like devotion with which Gideon's eyes, and most when he was at his roughest, never failed to follow her. Quicker ears would have heard more in bis " Well" than he himself could have known was there, "I wish Fd {band you at borne," said he. " Bat as yon don't like that house, yon aball so to another. It's not for nothing that I've been away; and I've let those Greek brigands know enough to prevent their tronbling yon. I can't find'it in my heart to scold yon, even for tan ning away; I think we snail get on better together now, in time to come. I have done for yon more than any Don Quixote of them all. I have that swindling Yankee, Waldron, on the hip; and yon have in yonr hand—Copleston! See here !•' She read: " This ia the last Will and Testament of Henry Rdd.» Her eyes swam. "What is this?" asked she. "It is yonr Father's Will. Oopleston is yocrs!" 