SOCIETY AMD FASHIM. A LADY'S LETTER FROM MUNICH. SEPT. 7. I arrived at Brussels too late to witness the actual fStes, but in time to see the really Bplendid decorations of the city and the raccroc of the historical cavalcade. The latter was a beautiful and impressive Bpectacle, and the idea of it was one which will, I hope, be adopted by other cities on the occasion of their celebrating national victories or holding civic rejoicings, for it iB a means of aiding the education the people and cultivating their taste. The whole history of the Low Countries unrolled itself as if written on a scroll before the spectators of that stately caval cade. Of course the performance lacked the excitement and the element of grandeur lent by the presence of the Court, but it was a charming sight notwithstanding, and the exultation of the Belgians over their per formances in the holiday-making line is amply justified. The weather has been superb for the last three weeks, and the streets of Brussels, decked from end to end with flags, were very gay. I cannot help feeling sad, as day after day as I pro ceed on my journey, 1 come upon the re joicings over the victory of Sedan. It was at Cologne that we came upon them first, and that I received for the first time an im pression of the war of 1S70 from the German point of view; hitherto my notions of it, as well as my recollections, have been entirely French, and when I entered the cathedral at Cologne on the morning after my arrival, and made a slow tour of all its corridors in the company of a German priest, when he de scribed to me what the French had inflicted upon the city and the " Dom," I was forced to feel more sympathy with the triumph which was expressed in the fluttering of the countless flags and banners streaming from tower, and balcony, and roof, and in the tramp of the rejoicing crowds, singing, in words incomprehensible to me, bat whose spirit I could catch, the praises of the Rhine land, the Kaiser, and the army. I suppose no one could see the "Dom" for the first time without being overpowered by the spectacle. And the external view takes away one's breath. The completion of the wonderful cathedral has attracted numbers of people to it, and when I presented myself to the official as a member of the party wishing to ascend the towers, I found 40 people assembled. We started very gallantly, and as we ascended, emerging upon the successive platforms amid the flying buttresses, which are such miracles of art, the innumerable pinnacles, and the wonderfully expressive gurgoyles (I do not think even the famous devils of Notre Dame de Paris come up to them), my friend showed me in detail how the grand architectural idea of the foreBt in all its seasons has been car ried ont. Spring, summer, autumn, and winter, each in its turn, comes from under the sculptor's hand in that astonishing succession of foliage in stone. I am sorry to say I was unable for the complete ascent; I had to halt at the floor of the belfry, and there I waited, in a curious solitude, at that immenBe height, with the vast arches of the church be neath me, and such wondrous glimpses of the glories of the far-off aisles, ana of the cloud less blue sky beyond, whenever I dared to take them. It was very long before I could ven ture on the descent, but a friendly Koelner took my hand, with the customary] en couraging " Sob," and brought me safely down to the bottom of the building, which seemed far more vast to me than before I had climbed the winding stair. They are taking down the scaffolding which has stood there BO long; in BIX months the matchless towers will be exposed to new, and the structure which has taken 600 years to finish, whose topmoft stone iB fresh laid, while its flooring and pillars are grey with age, and its history is rich with the memories of the far-off past, and the records of vanished systems, both political and social. Time, indeed, seems but a trifling thing when one studies such records as these in their splendid expression, and the past lives together with the present I was much impressed by the quiet and attentive demeanour of the congregation at all the services which I attended at Cologne Cathedral; the great number of men is , a remarkable feature, and as there are no chairs, only open bencbea, there is none of the fidgety noise that worries one in the French churches. Again, another difference which struck me is that in the demeanour of theo&cials.; A veri intelligent and kindly sacristan showed tne famous treasures of the shrine and chapter-room, and he gave me as much time as ; I liked, tally explained everything, (unj allowed mo to handle several of the most precious' objects. Theabsence of their beloved Arch* 1 b|BqQp is an affliction to the people of Cologne. Several persons told me bow muc|i they felt >it,and'^hey-all added that it was;not the. doing of the Kaiser, but only ol Bismarck. I do not think the Prince Chancellor is popular with the people-no matter: of whatJ war^ttitoking they rnwr.fce. The old city of the Three Kings WM looking beautiful. I thought, andXcoulifc not petoctfhere any of those symptoms of poverty of whioh' we hate lately heard so muchlalhidand. I explored » _ # r » wivguS| QV which we put op, looks out directly on the famous pontoon bridge, and on the opposite Bide is Dentz, with its bright gardens ana its charming open-air concerts. The twinkling of all the lines and crescents of light in the broad bosom of the Rhine, with the shadow of the vast mass of the cathedral seemingly deep down in it, are effects with which many of your readers are sufficiently acquainted to make them understand how muoh they delighted me, thus seen for the first time. TheRhine voyage to Mayence is one of those aubjectB which no one ought to be allowed to diBcusB, it iB so well known; but I must juBt Bay that the vineyards this year are extraordinarily prolific, and that, looking out for the Ara Bacchi, the river being low, I noticed that it lay uncovered and shining under the sun. Thia is the good omen for which the winegrowers look ; it means a rich harvest, by grace of the bounteous Rhine. No wonder the Germans love their noble river. It is indeed fasci nating, and no dread of being laughed at as a ' Cockney touriBt" could hinder me from following its caBtles and its crags with the livelieBt interest and the most absolute belief. From Bingen, which in the sunaet was a dream of beauty, the solemnity of evening was added to the scene, and the sudden widening of the river impressed me much. Mayence is not generally regarded as very in teresting, but I thought the fortifications very imposing, and the ancient cathedral, of red Bandetone, one of the finest sights 1 had ever seen-indeed, I never had previously seen a cathedral with a double choir, and the only fine building of red sandstone with which 1 am acquainted is the church of St. Michael the Archangel, at Coventry. The cathedral and the museum at Mayence are both worthy of a long visit; and 1 got peeps at a great many quaint and curious placeB, down beyond frowning iron gates, and under dark door ways. The prevalence of the vine and the sun flower give the old place quite a lovely appear ance, and at Mayence one begins to remark the brilliant and delightful effects of colours which are multiplied at Heidelberg, and become bewildering as one gets on into Bavaria. Mayence was all flag-bedecked for Sedan, and after we bade adieu to the city, where, it must be acknowledged, we had experience of a very bad hotel and some uneatable food, we found the whole country dressed out, j flags flying from every schoolhouse, village ; church, and wayside station. The Sedan I celebration has been taken in turns by the ? German towns, and we reached Heidelberg j on the fourth, to find the little town, with its I preat castle, all en f6te. The street decorations at Mayence were far outdone by thoae of the city of the students, and the closely-plaited | green garlands, crossed in the centre and 1 held together by an Imperial crown, formed a complete arcade for the whole length of | the one street of which Heidelberg is com posed. VVe visited the castle in the evening, I and beheld the sunset from the terrace i whence the Queen of Hearts so often watched I it in the days of her ambition and her de spair. I thought of her in the midst of all that marvelloua beauty, with all her magnificent aurroundings, her impatient spirit, and her proud resolve rather to starve as a queen than continue the wife of a mere Elector, and the place seemed to me to be full of the melancholy of her fate. The tragedies of three aiegea and 10 civil ware linger in those wonderfully beautiful ruinB, and many a ghost walked, to my mind's eye, upon the terrace which was so often paced by the sister of Ring Charles, the mother of Rupert of the Rhine. It it is a short run from Mayence to Heidel berg, and though a flat and uninteresting country, yet there is something attractive in the pastoral aspect of the lana and the vast orchards. Here, too, I observed for the first time in Germany vines grown high on poles, like hops in England. This is a great im provement on the generally scrubby look of the vineyards. I thought Darmstadt a dread ful place, blank, heavy, and dull beyond belief. The Grand Duke ia absent just now, and, OR dit, our poor Princess Alice will soon have a successor. With Heidelberg the beauty of the Neckar country commences ; the banks of that river are wonderfully lovely, and all the scenes of busy life by its Bide impreBB one much. The one old house -that of the Knight-(Ritter) shows ua what Heidelberg was in the old times, which, however " good " in the artistic sense, must have been singularly unpleasant in every other, and is marvellously beautifuL The helmeted figure of the Ritter, standing out against the blue of such a cloudless sky as that under which I saw it, is never to be for §otten. We travelled by night from Heidel erg to Munich-a mistake which I Bhoald advise every one to avoid-and here I am in the city of the monks, of King Ludwig I. and Lola Montes, of King Ludwig II. and Wagner, the capital of the romantic king. It is ml astream with drapeaux, for Munich keeps the Sedan fiteiot three days, beginning on the 5th. I am to remain here for a little while, en rovte for Ober Ammergau, and I hope in my next letter to tell your readers something of Munich, and the PasBion Play. 