^ BURRUM, B fPROM OUR OWN CORItESPON'DrNT 1 I SEE the Burrum CoaJ and Railway Co registered for £200,000, aud if tho liillis'uQJ^B slaughtered amongst the hinoecuts. will l-e ]av, before Parliament closes. The trite old sivin^^l that ' hope dcfr.rred,' & e.» S:r... has bet-u Wcnlv^B manifested in this case, but it niusr not |^ gotten that its pith has been strewn v.iU- thorns and brambles ; it is quite an iniiov.-iikm iu b.il-^l miuing and railway ideas; it ie neithc/a^B st i ictlv private or uublic affair, and itw quired much time, labour, aud expense t-t establish a joint confidence between these tvvn great interests, involving a conglomeration oi smaller ones ; it is hard to make oil and wai,r lUiingle, buL patience aud ell-ow grease ava saict to be even equal to that. I see some ol tlie Opposition members of the House sav, wiiv does not Mr. Hurley shew a Inrgc paid un capital ? This shows bow hard it is to ainaf. g.miato interests. On the other hand, tin? capitalists says to Mr. Hurley: Sacwmcfiv*: that a Bill has been passed defining exactly tnv Ijosition and responsibility before you ask uo to part with said cash. What a position for a ^promoter I Here he is with a figurative kr gmaphrodilc on baud, and up to the prcseut ?can't fix it nohow. To use a historian deKiij iliou, such a uian requires to have the head of |Socratcs, the bt-art of Hannibal, the power ol eCroCoUs, and the subtlety of, we'll say, X.ip- |!ion. That he has nailed his colours to the ImasU, and will win, I steadfastly believe, and lean further say if he docs he will prove to he a iuiost valuable acquisition to Queensland as a gcqU-nUt. In his wake will follow many |tngi s, especially to this distiict ; if he fails, lie Swill receive the sympathy of every man wU Ipossesses even the ghost of music in bis soul, |or speculation in his head, anda sorry day it f .vill be. f -r the chances arc that tins grc.it coal ffield will be worked oil 'one horse'' priuoi]»lr.? a for many a long day, wiihout interest, infiueiic-?, Sor capital to make itself felt as ;fc deserves to Bbe throughout the Pacific. I THE GOVERNMENT RAIIAVAT. 1 Beiehelieu a-nl Hurley are classed astlios: awbo know not the word fail/' hut many of u«f |wlu- do not go in for the immaculate fjmt- :q !diff. are inelinct to believe that such a fat-1 is always possible to ' mice or men,'' even io tlie ibest regulated families. Amongst trlie 'us' iu jthis case is numbered the Honorable H. I', SKinL' ; he found that a very thorny path xva* Iflurley's, for very little at that time had krti Idone in the way of cleaning the intricacies lying ibfitwecn public and private interests. Uf aisq Irou-id that the late Govcvbrpcut had sutroy-.-i |a line of railway lo tho ^onLii bank ot t ?: ?Barrum river — ai least 1 should say Ui^y nvi isti-nr-i/rd the line to the North side, to tne -»:«ly Sproved coal field known as yet to esi^t o \ i!.e SI'.uiTuin, but — ' aye, there's the rub.'' a-^.n^ !f your tfiiakrsperian Aldormen wouI-Uti — ut, there were no plans or books of rel-v.hv 5 lay be I ore Parliament asking for wliir w - squired — nainelv; a railway from- the coni '--??-? ' d tlie town of Maryborough. Throng:i n rgent represcatatioa to the present, and ^ - ???n nwilling Gove)7iment. tlie line acio^ tliu iurrum lliver and into the coal field \v;i* j»r jded for, and moreover he ensured to M.k; orough either Hurley's JinoortljcGQvcniuiL-t jaltornativc one, a Hue that won hi noi hav.; h:- n rbuilt for years if not for his rcpre-'nt:rfin-'. jyet even this geutlcmaib this long-nic i f-- .: 1 ito Maryborough, to whom tlfank-i are r : ?every public boon of importance MuryL .miij.i Ihas ever received, has not b» en hold guilil-*:- |liy some of his lute friends, becau.-a he i- ivit a Emere nonentity in the hauls of ti.rro'.v* Bruinded politician^, aud bc;ause he u;i- Sjivtfn a fair measure of euppoit toaOuWiii Imeni who liave t«ikcn the tin^o/il St ask u^on themselves of brusliin^off iuu -h c«f at lie ' bine mould ' that, fungus-like, lin^ bo.-n gsU-adily fixiug itself on this colony. If he ha i fforfforfrji Maryborough, will any one da a1 May that the extension of the Gympie line to she Maryborough wharves would be u:i weigh - Would the feurrutn line in any eb.tpo have been this year or next? There can b-s but a most emphatic No 1 to such questions. Give honor where honor is due is my nioim. and fiing ultra-party Ipswich to the wind*. To the jealous outsiders we can cxcusc tho occasional sneer at the anomalous pn?iti-?n Maryborough assumes i h sending to Parliament two gentlemen, one to act on one side, aud the ?other on the 'tother: but it must always he borne iB mind that bptb are faithful au'l true, aud have even prove t themselves to be leading men ; take them opt of the House, and I goess there would be something of the nature of a [vacuum.. THE COALFIELD. Still dragging its dreary length along. Two steamers are constantly carrying coal from the Beaufort (the late respected Mr. Steley's mine), The coal is being worked at present at a level of about 35 feet from the surface ; this is almost as bad as murder, but it cannot be helped ; nothing better can be expected until the long-deferred arrangement now trembling in the balance assumes finality. Much better coal could be sent to market if the present "arrangement" was either settled or aban doned, but as it stands, Mr. Jones the manager is making the best of a very unsatisfactory position. If further appliances are put on to n-et tbe best coal and in quautity, tbe company °ccline to pay for the expense involved in so doing ; their agrcetnent is, we take your as 1 bey stand ; the. owners, on the ether bano, sav we expect a settlement ' (like the little old lady in ' Bleak Hpose,' perhaps) soon, aua it is not worth while to incur further expense. 50 here we are ilkc children playing at coai trade. general. Our Provisional State Fcbool isprosres5^ Hncu is good, and the master is all that cou be desired. A Sunday«school has again bee started, which reflects grc^t credit on tnoa vyho have taken the matter up. A gathering and .cliildrens' feast is to come on i grand old Euglish style at the breaking up » tile summer holidays. Take it altogether, are doing the ' happy family !' down here re y yell- ? The Government Gazette of November coutaius some new regnla generates of Supreme Court, which come into operation January 1st, 1881. There are such a number less variety of forms for writs, summonses, davits, judgments, assessments, partners) b p » witnesses, &c;„ that no one but an adePJ. legal lore can describe themj but it oS neve less important that public attention sbon directed to them. The same number of the Qc^ctte contains ' additional regulations, by the Registrar-General, relating to tboreg tration of births, deaths, and marnages, have been approved of and con&medbyto; Executive .Council, and are pnblished^too . ing tolaw, for general jaformation— wvrt- 