PEPPER'S GHOST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER. Sir, — The optical exhibition of the "Ghost Illusion" at St. George's Hall on Monday evening was not quite so satisfac- tory as the proprietor, Mr. Griffiths, could have wished it, but those who are conversant with these grand illusions, such, undoubtedly as this is, are aware that the least hitch in the mechanism is likely to jeopardise the entire exhibition. The exhibition on Mon- day evening was, however, only imperfect in minor detail, as when Mr. Griffiths was off the stage and able to attend to the intricate and delicate mechanical appliances everything went off very satisfactorily ; but Mr. Griffiths I found to be short handed, and he could not be everywhere at one and the same time. I noticed especially that it was only when he was absent from the mechanical operations that the business flagged. For my own part, as with many others who were present, I thought the open- ing scene was admirably managed, and the loud plaudits of the audience must have been very gratifying to the performers notwithstanding the small hitches after- wards. The reception given to Miss Eldred upon each occasion that highly- talented young lady appeared, the applause and the showers of bouquets was sufficient, it is hoped, to assure Mr. Griffiths that the performance throughout the first part was much enjoyed. Like many others, I am anxiously looking forward to the exhibition to-night, when the arrangements will be more perfect. ELECTRIC. Tuesday afternoon. Intercolonial Rifle Teams. — "M.R.V." wishes to know if a representative team of Riflemen from this colony has been invited to take part in the Intercolonial matches to take place in Melbourne during the con- tinuance of the Exhibition. We confess we are unable to answer the question, but from our files we observe that many of the neighboring colonies are sending teams. Perhaps Capt. Hillman could give you the information you require. We think it quite unlikely that a West Australian team will go over, but it is quite possible that arrange- ments could be made for our Volunteers to share in these matches, and fire on our own grounds. Judging by past performances we feel sure W.A. Volunteers would not stand last on the list Madame Patti.— The great star-vocalist Madame Patti, it is now definitely stated, says the European Mail, has accepted an engagement in America, to last for eighteen months, and for which, she is to receive 3,000,000 francs (£120,000). This is to commence after the Royal Italian Opera season next year, and at its conclusion Madame Patti will at once retire into private life. Shocking Outrage. — On Monday last the police were apprized of a shocking outrage having occurred at the Williams River. From what can be gathered it appears that a French Creole named Young, from motives of jealousy, had shot a shep- herd named Bolton, fired at another man, and also at his wife, a Cingalee, wounding them, and as a finale committed suicide. Young was a native of the Mauritius, and was only released some short time since after serving a term of imprisonment. Police Items. — At the Williams River, on the 8th inst., Mr. Thos. Chipper, charged with having an illicit still on his premises, was fined £75. At York, on the 10th inst., Geo. West, alias South, charged with obtaining goods under false pretences, was remanded. At Perth, on the 15th, Aaron Sharp, charged with forging and uttering a cheque purporting to be signed by Mr. A. Macpherson, for £7 6s. 8d., was remanded. At Fremantle, on the 18th, R. Burns, alias C. Watson, was charged with forging and uttering a cheque purporting to be signed by Mr. C. Hamersley, was remanded. On the 20th J. Murphy was committed for trial on a charge of perjury. Official Changes. — We are informed it is now very improbable that Lord Gilford will be appointed Colonial Secretary of this colony. It is also understood that a gentleman named Mr. Fellows, an English law student, has been appointed by the Secretary of State to the position of Registrar of Titles, vice Mr. Jauncey, deceased. The new Attorney General and Mrs. Ouslow and family will leave England for this colony by the first October mail. 