.LOUAL IN!TE LIGKPTCE. the nelo Messrs. Wm. Adamson and Co. held their ' first monthly sale at Kilmore on Saturday he last, and, considering the bad state of the P roads, the swollen state of the creeks after de the late rains,, and the sale . bein the w initiatory one of the season, the whole passed M off very satisfactory. Horses, cattle, cheese, th butter, bacon, &o.;, were disposed of, and hb the attendance at the sale was large. Mr. an Ellderton, who wielded the hammer, ovi- c dently understands his business, and we vis predict for the firm a sound business here, to and for the people of the distriot a great fe, advantage in being brought in contact with 8° buyers at their door. Mrs. Sullivan, a native of Kilmore, died i at Wahring last week, Deceased lady was'U only twenty five years. of age. th We think the ghost at the Kilmore rail- p way station must be getting annoyed at so do much notice. The only person who managed to see the nocturnal visitor lately is Mr. Molt, gatekeeper, but he does. not admit Ai being sacared. Diphtheria has made its appearance at Broadford, but we have not heard of any fatal case, the looal medico, Dr. Purrier, being very'skilful. The Alexandra Standard has a leader com- w plaining of the small number of J.P's. in that rather important town, and the incon- t venience to the public occasioned there.- t by.. di In the next railway construntion bill, to.be t introduced to Parliatent within a month we are glad to learn the first link of a line at to Mansfield-.Tallarook and Yea-is likely to be provided-for. if At the Kilanore County ourt on Monday't last the. business, which was not very ex-. tensive, was got through by 1.30 p.mn There was only one case. before. the General t Sessions the same morning, whilst the Court. h of Mines was. only formally opened, to be. closed again. without any business being. called on. di We. regret this week having to record a sad and fatal accident to Mr. George Sutton, S and old and respected resident of the 'falls, Srook distriot. On Saturday last the gentle - 1 man- named was engaged in loading trucks > i with firewood at the Tallarook atation, and, same trucks heing shunted on to.the siding, the trucks Mr. Sutton was loading woer f r " kicked," when he. rushed to put on the t If 'break, in order to. be saved the trouble of 'bringing theem into position afterwards. In Sattempting to do this the unfortunate man Sslipped, fell under the wheels, which carried him round end round, eventually goig over. l him and completely shattering his right arm it and leg, besides injuring the head. No d time was lost in conveying the sufferer to the Kilmore Hoapital, but he died soon after admission. The sad accident and y death cast quite a gloom over the neighbor ir hood. of Tallarook where deceased was well g known and highly esteemed. , The crops in, this district look e.ceedingly id well, vegetation generally having been promoted by the late rains. Stock of every °- description look well also and a season of n real prosperity may be reasonably antici er pated. S Thep only case before His Honor Judge o Skinner, at the Kilmore General Sessions on SMonday, was that of John Smith, who was rt arraigned on a charge of larcency. He was 'n found guilty and sentenced to three months ,. imprisonment. The fo~lowing aoplicationa fer leases are gazetted ts approved:-Kseran. Kelly, 132a, Eildon; George. Thomas Moore, 127a, Flowardale; Peter Hansen, 80a, Mangalores Thomas O'Connor, 320a, Murrin to The treasurer of the Kilmore Hospital a begs. to. acknowledge with thanks receipt of the following sums :'-Cussen, paying pa tient, £1 15e.,; balance of wages to G. King, el deceased, per Gee. Eudson, 13s. 2d.; S. to Sheppard, 5s. Id Mr. J. Doherty, has given 'us to under idtaud that his two well known blood horses will stand this season at King Parrot or Oreek. Full particulars with pedigree will of appear in our next issue. ad £1 FnEx GIFTS. 1-The proprietors of WOLFE S ho AInhsosthto SC0IXDAx SCUveAVB, to induce the de t i struction and priedet the improper use of Phe wrappers and labels, and thus;further protect the *a Public against fraud and decep tion, have inclosed in the wrappers or under the labels on the quart tit bottles' since 1st October, ]878, and continue to by inclose LN svynh DAYS PACHrL'ne THROUGHOUT THE IbE- Y£1, 01 El DEE £1 ORDE , wich are drawi upon the undersigned and which will be n- cashed by them on presentation. To secnre these Gifts, tbe Public must be careful to ask for, and ire accept 'othing but the GENUItE UDOLPHGO OLFE's ed SCuNArea, with our name upon the top. label M. oh Moss & Co., Wynyard Lane, ydney. ELOaxLNts l-F~oa THE T~rrejTn~b BaE&TO.-4; few~ drop IC' of theliqs id'Florihue" sprinkledOn a wet tooth bush producesa pleasant lather, whichthoronghly oleunses the to teeth from all parasetes or imnpuriies, hsrdens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decy, Ri to the teeth a peculiar ta barlYtwgit.nesand delightfulfraneto tba brseathin 1remoes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth a'n ortobacca smoke. "''he Fragrant Floriline," being com. I posedmii part of Honey and sweet herbs, ja delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of age. g Prce 2s- 64., of all C)emists end Perfluners, the Prepared by H~enrJ! C. G4LL . 498 Oxford-street, London. set AnviCe TO IoToERS -Are' you broken in your rest by suffering ciild with 'tl1 pain of cutting teeth ?, Go a ish once toa chemist and g99 a battle of MRs. WIVnsrows S o~rsene Svasxa. It is. peifuetly harmless anid plenasant to. ish taste, it produces naturxilqsiet eleep,'yrelievingthe child from paso, and the little cherub awke "s bright asa ,en buttou.' It soothes the child, it softens the gums,' alasa 11 pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the elt bast known remedy for dyeentery and diarrhrea, whehter. arising from teetling or other causes. MIas. Wnaasow's SOT oorute SragPis sold by ledicine dealers everywherea I l l.er ·ottle. Manufaotured at 493. Qxford Stagot 