fltems of A Concert in aid of the funds of tbe Primitive Methodist Church was held io the Town Hall last night. Despite the inclemency of the weather the attendance was fair, and the programme, which was a most liberal one, was well received. The urai. iwn was a pianoxorxe oner piayea ae an overture by the Misses Heatherehaw ; then came " The "Rataplan Chorus," after which Mr. J. Thomson sang " The .Englishman " in really good style, and was accorded an encore. Miss Dunn was in good voice m 1 " Day Wakes its Sorrows," and Master Heathershaw did thefullest justice to "Rome. " Tboseold favorites Messrs. Keeping and Giles, gave the duet " All's Well" in their usually satisfactory manner, and Miss Heathershaw in the first part divided the honors with Miss Cole in the second the respective selections being " The Officers' Funeral" and "Forsaken." Mr. Austin's cornet obligate in the first-mentioned being a most pleasing adjnnct to this beautiful number. Mr. Austin's cornet solo, "Cnjns Animan," is worthy of especial mention, and was not the least pleasing item in the bilL Mr. Naveau was accorded an encore for his rendering of the "Three Jolly Sailor Boys." "The Prayer," from " Massaniello," was the last item on the programme, and the National Anthem concluded the entertainment. . Western Province Election. — The President of the Legislative Council has notified to the Chief Secretary his intention, on Saturday, the 21st instant, of issuing a writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council of Victoria for the Western province in the room of Sir Samuel Wilson, who retires by rotation. It seems probable that Sir Samuel will have a walk over on this occasion, as he has contradicted the rnmor that he intended to goto England, carrying his seat in his pocket. Had there been any intention to treat the electors in this cavalier fashion by so disfranchising them we understand that Mr. Edward Willis of Kooloomurt would have been prepared to try conclusions with the wealthy knight. Mr. Berry's Majority. — Notwith standing the shoal of scrutineers appointed to watch over the interests of the two candi dates at the G eeloug election on Wednesday, glaring errors were made. The Returning Officer has since discovered three inaccuracies which reduce Mr. Berry's majority to 47. It is not explained how these errors were discovered. If by amply adding up the kill -clerk's list, is it not probable that other mistakes may have been made by the de puty returning officers in calling over the oallot papers? If the blunders were re vealed by an examination of the ballot papers, was not that tantamount to a viola tion of the ballot? Owing to tbe absurd practice of numbering each ballot paper, any returning officer cosily seated in bis arm chair, after an election can discover to a moral certainty how every elector voted. It is signed tbat this numbering of ballot papers is necessary, in order to enable prosecutions to be carried out in cases of personation, Ac., bat in these settled times scrutineers could be chosen too well acquainted with every elector for personation to be effectually carried ont, and ask questions in the event of any attempt bring made by an elector to vote twice in the same constituency. If we are to have the ballot let us have it pure and simple. We do not believe for one moment that Mr. George Cunningham, the returning officer in question, has been illegally grati fying his curiosity, but the questions we have pnt will also suggest themselves to many a thinking man. A Day's Racing. — Mr. George has undertaken to collect subscriptions suffi cient to pay the prizes for a day s racing on the 16th September, to wind up the Hamil ton Show, provided the use of tbe coarse is granted by the trustees. It is proposed to have a Steeplechase of 30 soVB,'HnrdIe Rate of 20 sova. Handicap of 15 sovs, and a Hack Race; the days of nomination and acceptance to be announced in Tuesday's issue iff the Spectator. Should this arrangement he car- ned ont, the committee and stewards of the Jockey Club would be saved all trouble , of management,- as officers would be appointed for the occasion. Bree and Dickens v. Kayes.— This action was tried in the Supreme Court yes terday. Tt appears that for some time past Messrs. Bree and Dickens have had dealings with a selector named Kayes, residing in tbe Victoria Valley, and had backed him to large jamonnts when purchasing sheep. . -These negedationa, however, terminated when the plaintiffs, not feeling quite secure about a sum of money owing them by defendant, seized some 3500 sheep as put security, -in the meantime, however, Kayes' daughter had obtained a writ against her father for the re covery of between £600 and £700, and, aimed with this writ, the sheriff's officer prevented the .removal of the sheeD by the plaintiffs Subsequently the sheep were Sold tor £303, and an action was brought by Messrs. Bree and Dickens to recover this amount. Mr. Justice Bury, before whom the case was partly gone into, ordered it to betried beforp -a jniy; .£bis > was: done yes terday. and by tekwiam we learn "the plaintiffs were succesafrilon every print. Surgical Operatjo n. — In >ur' relief of interred ahsMsses'refoSnmtely rare, bnt we leam that Dr. .Scott has sue-1 ceasfully performed the operation of tapping the liver, the patient being a lady residing near Mount Eceles. The lady's husband writes to say that the case is getting on 'very well indeed. : Professor Pepper save his third and final entertainment in toe Town Hall on .Thursday evening, when he spoke -shortly about "refraction," and devoted -his chief attention to microscopic efforts.' iOn Monday the Professor is -to'-amnse and instruct the. people of Casterton ; on Tuesday he will in terview the Coleruneitea, ' and it is confi dently expected that crowded honsesJsrfil greet him in both plaoes. Pleased with the Tetepbon accorded him in Hamilton, it may happen that the Professor will again visit da when ea route tor Mount Gambier, and in ! . such , a case, be will doubtless exhibit Ins "ghost." It has been suggested tons that the - Government should purchase Mr, Pepper's' scientific apparatus for use in schools. In" . New South Wales a similar proposition was' made, but not cairiad into effect, and there is no doubt the opportunity afforded is in admirable one. , There . is this drawback, however, were the apparatus purchased, the -Services of a talented r lecturer s-would -also have to be secured, and unless he" happened hke Brofwair Pepper himself, ' an investigator of newdiseoveries anil effecta; - Jfit eqbjectswonldpopn get .threadtoiei. T AoonJEOT-r— otfreray -yvist' A young lad named John Gaffhey ww playiiig with, a fay pistol, the weapon having bees , loaded with powder and a small slug, ex ploded, the charge striking a little danhter. of Mr. J. F. Scott. The slag passed through the child's chin and re-entered .at the neck, - where it glanced obliquely agalost one of the bones of the shoulder. The wound, although serious, is not dangerous, &nd; the ball will be somewhat difficult to extract. This is only another instance of the danger arising from youngsters playing with fire-arms, and t he wonder is that after loading his toy machine with real gunpowder, the youngster did not get injured or killed by the instru. inent bursting, which wonld have been a contingency most likely to happen. Pincott's Art Union. — The second picture from the easel of oar rising . young artist is now on view at Mr. FsrrollV jewellery establishment. It represents tbe Nigretti Falls, and by many is preferred to the companion picture of the Wannon Falls. Both , however, are remarkably true to nature, and we can easily imagine that many of our local cognoscenti wonld ' be glad to possess one or both of these specimens of native' art as an appropriate decoration for their homes. The drawing -for the prizes is advertised to take place next week, when the County Court sittings will have attracted as few people to the town. v . y $ .Arrangements for tbe welcome tea-, meeting in connection with the arrival of the Rev. J. H. L. Zillmann are io a forward state... Mr. Zillmann will be in Hamilton next Wed nesday week, 1st September, the .meeting, will be held on the same evening jn the Town Hall Tickets' have been already issued, and there is reason toexpecf -a. verylaigeaudience on the occasion. - Miss Eva Carhichael, tbe beroine of the Locb Aid disaster, is about to be married to Mr. W. C. Mackay, the sou of a wealthy Dublin merchant. She has a for tune of £250 per annum. < Victoria motntsikg Cwrsfc — At tEfe President's Plate meeting, which commenced on Thursday, the first dogs' in dips for the Vice-President's Plate were the Hon. W. J. Clarke's CaflottaTPatti and the Him. T. Brnmell's Duke of Wellington. - As the last- mentioned so distinguished himself s few days ago, it was generally expected he -would win at least his first coarse on Thursday, hut he failed to do so. - In-the same -round Mr. Br, Walter's Bashful Iajy also succumbed to Mr. W. Thomson's nomination, '"Vouug Charley. Mr. .Walter, however, won the next course with The Witch, aod in the last course the Hon. T. Bromell's celebrated Lupin was beaten by Mr. Wbirtinghsm's Maid of Orleans.- Thus it will be seen our Hamilton representatives were' not very for tunate. In the Sunbnry Stakes Mr; Writer's Duke of Cumberland beat Mr. Watson's Lauriston in fine style, and an account of yesterday's doings will be found in oar tele graphic columns. Cure of Skin Diskase by Euca lyptus. — As a role we set our faces against puffing, but in tbe interests of suffering I humanity we deel bound to publish the following letter, showing that the list of diseases curable by preparations from the' Australian blue-gum is not yet exhausted " InvercargUl, N.Z., 8th July, 1880.- Messrs. Sander & Sons, Sandhurst. Gentlemen, — Having suffered from eczema (a skin disease, which JS very prevalent in. this colony) for aboutmine years, I had consulted numerous medical men here, and in Australia, and had token arsenic, strychnine, iodide of potas sium, etc., internally, and had used prepare tions of zinc and lead externally. In fact 1 had tried all the remedies known to the faculty , and what between travelling, doctors' and druggists' bills, had spent a small fortune, almost if not wholly without results, except to injure my constitution. During a recent visit to Hokitika, 1 was recommended to try your extract of Eucalyp tus Globulus by a brother .who had ex perienced great benefit from it in alleviating a severe cold, and, bo less to my surprise than satisfaction, I found the disease which bad troubled me so long was conquered, and the skin resumed its normal condition. This was effected by the external use of less than two one-ounce bottles. You are welcome to make any use you please of this letter, and I subscribe myself, yours etc. (rigned) John H. Kerb, manager Union Bank of Australia (Limited.)" Trotting. — We have received the prospectus of the Australian Trotting Clnb, which institution is designed with a view of purchasing a property 30 acres in extent, near Melbourne, and on it makinga trotting course similar to those in America. The .capital of the company is to be £5000, in 1000 shares of £5 each, and there appears every reason to believe that tbe affair will pay. As it is pleasant to see -good " steppers" on tbe high road, and aa such a club cannot but tend to tbe better training of trotting horses,' it is de serving of eupport Trom all taking a direct interest in each matters. Lingolvs. — Some very fine Lincoln sheep were seen on the Coleraine road yes terday. They were so fat that Mr. Payne, their owner, estimated the 37 (that bring the extent of the flock) would average 1301bs each. These sheep were fattened on -the Muntham' pastures, and will be on viewto- day in . Messrs. Bree, Dickens, and - Go's, yards. Deep Creek State School.— This school, which has for the past three month, been under the management nf Mr. P. J. Smith, was inspected on the 4th inst., by Inspector pennant, who reports thnsj— JPer oentage gained, 67-685. Hie supervision is good, and the ohildrsn are busily employed. The of teaching are HBed. The' programme is properly taught. Hie discipline is good, and the records are correct. Exceptrfor average, tbe per-centege wonld havB:been SUA. ' Music for the Poor. — Winfppm- mendahle regularity Mr. John Keeping%as for several years past nominated .Divine Ser vice on Sunday aftemoons at the Hamiltrei -Hospital, and he now series to' increare Jhe enjoyment iff the poor inmates by jraioffiag them with some good umrie. -Ther&is; a small harmonium in tlminstitqtion,\bBii£hia' belongs to toe matron, who has always cheer, folly lent it, hat it is unfsir To trespass' further on her hindness, besides which, the constant removal of. the instrument involves much inconvenience, ' and might be the ma»n. of injuring it. Therefore, as a very Cm Choir has already been formed, Mr. Keeping chase of .a ; new organ, and we feel assured this appeal . will ' not he made in ; vain. ; With this objeot in yiew aub- ' seription lists' wiU be' sent out in a few dlfys, and, at Mr. Keeping's request, we shall be happy to receive contributions from those taking an interest lnthe institution who may not be called upon by the canvassers. Was it a Ruse ?— At the election in Geelong tbe other day the Mayor, Mr. Joseph H. Connor, shqed his -bsRuper to the scrutineers, in order timttheymught see he had voted ".straight for Andrews," with whom he opposed Mr. Berryim"Feb- ruary. .. Hie scrutineers, however, saw that - hehad'strnbk ont Mr. Andrews': rihmh, and1 voted for Mr. Berry. Now, what does this ' mean? ' If: Mir. Connor were an Jgnorant man, and unaccustomed to voting, one could understand hum : making so great a mistake, j Bat he is not. Indeed tew could be better "froHtfl-np-to-an-TiuMrvualtLiu, ssiwtrenly has he been in Pari iament, but has -also con tested several elections. to owith theSouth -Western Province, tfrthe' rgpt»sentotipn.of which Mr. Connor is a.; candidate? We notice that accoidfiuftto the. names on his requisition, he is to-M sup ported in Geelong by friends, jwt Mr. Andrews, but also of the' friends of toe former wilKtiowulecbtie 'they aire Not tor Joeeph." . ;. J Edenhope -PAsroRAirSdSw. — Oar "report of -this -affair came to hand late last' evening, and most be beld over till Tuesday. Hie show was toe most riiccessfnl ever held Ho " toe district,' toil thfe : pritesnal prizes in sheep ware moii by. Messra. Co., A. G. laid law, A. Im-v, J. B. BronghtoiL G.'.A Broughtoir,! J. T. EdgsT, A. a. Co well, J. C. Hhmatorv«.«.;.jSn. atone, and -"Kowree Shire Election :— l We nnderstond that next Monday, Messrs. Edgar, H6are, and Officer iwill agmn 'be 'nominated "Tor the annual vacahcaes, the last election bring mformal owing to a scarcity of ballot papers. ., .ruri., , MJB. ,F., L. Smyth as A J ODGE.-- The,, Wamuuriiooi standard gives the following statement aa to bis Honor's first appearance on the Bench" ' ' Mr. F. L Smythpresided- M Judge pro taqi . jut. the Warmambool Conrt of General Sesnbns and County Court" $ ''S&L;"8® |tim indisposK'' ooq <6f 'Judge jfolaa. 4>AaiAs»'- tb»t Judge fplaiduH'toke lhh Hackettia illness, and thfejpublic wtte 'tstirtr surprised at seeing MrVHmyth ou tbe Bench. His Honor was : icongratulated on isis appointment by Mr. Garnebt. &nd; he responded hoping that his derisions and manner of conducting the business of the Court might be satisfactory to the suitors and to the bar. His Honor's method of conducting tbe_ business proves that he quickly sees tbe point of a case. His habit of summing up at the termination of every case, however trivial, may seem a needless recapitulation of facts, but it is satisfactory to suitors to know how the Judge arrives at bis derisions. After tbe business of tbe County Court had been con cluded, bus Honor presided at the Insolvent Court. In one of tbe cases, in which the local assignee of insolvent estates was under examination, his Honor lost his temper, and worked himself hp Into a towering passion at the indifference displayed by the examinee with regard to certain books and -documents which be should have produced in compliance with a Jhdge'8 order. He came down ex ceedingly ''rough" on the assignee, and., peremptorily postponed the inquiry. He then ordered the. assignee ta pay £45. the. costs of. the inquiry, and to produce all the books, deeds, and documents in connection with the estate of Macgregor & Co. at the next Bitting of the Court. A good day's business was concluded ' shortly after five o'clock." : As; Absurd Regulation.— It may not' "be generally known that mounted troopers are not allowetl to ride at a greater rate than four tidies an hour, except, of course, when in pursuit of criminals, and have to report themselves at every station. This stupid regulation caused great delay in the receipt of returns after" the -Creswick election on Wednesday evening. PIANOS. -The full list of prize awards In, just been received f rom Sy ilney , and Messrs, BBms- HEAD t Sons stand, onto two firat -class awards and a special certificate, at the head of all toe piano manafactnrer. who exhibited at the Exhi- PiftAff folbreing tinyhf thrt,fefr)a»y amopgj the first-class awards without special certificate, are Jfessrs. EmnL Messrs. .Steinway. Messra , Chiclrmng, Messra Bechstein, Messrs. Blflthner, - Messra Ronsche, and a local Sydney piano manufacturer. Ptople say England is deterio rating. In pianos, at any rate at Sydney, an English firm lias gone ahead of the most cele brated makers' of France, America,,' and Ger many.— Ad vr. How lirrnx is it known oe rehembebed that toe fluid ponredjrom toe salivary glands, and which we. call saliva,- like toe gastric juices of toe stomach, enacts its part systematically in. the solution or. absorption of some of the'food we take into' toe body ; and just as there is a , certain speties .of dyspepsia anting from a' deficiency in quantity, or inferiority in quality, of this e&lival; supply, so is there another, where there is a failure on toe part of toe stomach to secrete the normal quality of quantity of gastric juice. In either event, TJdolpho VYolfe's' Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps is an'admirable adjuvant— Advt. 