[?] Mri fepdrioeir visited - Echtioa on- Wednesdaj' afternoon, and was induced to withdraw his candidature for Rodney, in opposition to the Minister of Railways. Mr. Spencer was to have received the active support of the majority of tne Catholics, according to general belief. A telegram from aydney says: — 44 A horrible murder has been committed at Moonlight Fiat, near Rathurst, ou Friday night. A man named FouLbu killed' his son and daughter, aged eleven and twelve respectively, witn an adze, in a fit of delirium tremens. At the coroner s inquest fie was 'oommi tied for trial on the chaige of .trilfui murder." \ v. . .Referring to the- ghosriy visitant in the neighbourhood of Spring Gully, the Bendigo Ad vcrtiscr says : " Lt appears that the practical .joking has been carried onfiy teome woodcamrr," who each. in turn assumed tnerftcpf the. ghost, and frequetitcd the x>l wbereft waa teem They afterwards used to adjourn to the Junction HotoL where they would drink success to tueir .abfitfrd Scheming, 5lounted -const dfileMaguire, of Strethfieldbaye. visited the locality on Satur day evening, and found three of the woodcarters in question conducting themselves in an im proper manner at the hotel named, .and he .arrested, them on a charge of insulting behavior.. Their names are J. Cairns, AL Caliinan, and . W. Fiewen. They were brought before the , bench on Monday and remanded for- a wk, - bail being allowed each bf them in fine surely iof £10.b- t yj/ir.,:-. - . I Mr. K.C.; Ranteme of the "enginnesmg firm of .Kansome,. Sims, and Head, Ipswich, England, .is now on'a visit to the Australian colonies, uid . arrived in Ballarat on Wednesday night. No doubt he wiil be hcupitably received,.. ftnd,be. .'shown something -novel intheway of nfihing at alleveutti ; : . ; , .< t. .. .i ; In the "Weeterii district ' the pbtato 1 crop will I bfe vqryeavytliia year. Already farmers say that the pctatees are not worth the trouble of .'digging, :the market being so low . The seaports of Warmambool and aelfast are auite Matted. iaiid if fcirein chips donotfielp to. run off sup- , pucs ccwsKftquences will "be serioiis for potato growifrs; )-.Tiicrc will be' feisofieavj' drops in the :'riuiigareb: find ' Bullarobk districts after the recent kaSntt " ! '--: ! This is how thb mongrel tariff 'woik& -:dt ap- pters from the Iuglewood -paper that a farmer nkined Jewdltrt . fgewater, purchased machine .to. .clean corn from Messrs. Ransome and visit to England, for £120. The freight, .insurance, Ac., amounted to £50 Gs ; duty fit the Victorian custe®®! 44 lOs lOd : cariiage per railway' to iiridge water, £12 lis ; so '.that the rfreiglit; custpuis duties;- and railway okrriage of the machine, amounted to £97 Be on .ion article that cost oniy ;£120, bfemg 80 per cent. oh the coetprice. 1'Qope -preseutr at the triaL o/ the inafeMae/VMchfirils a success," baine'to rife4 conclusion that the freight, insurance and cost of railway carriage, amounting to 0>2 17s 2d, was protection enough to local manufacturers, without the customs charge of £34 19d es- £h»Tally tltere aretnbfmacbinelbf a iiiceU£d-«' scription made in the colony. vVe, Co?ac Reformer, gladly welcome' in the \- interest. nd Mistiici .the ypdniig ml tee Western MeaV Presehing1 "Company' for the teasom.-'Tbe event,- which will take place oil. Tuesday, tee 30 tb inst., is always held as one of i the' most important -local occurrences of the year. " It' gives 'the working classes of Colac/ twenty -eeyen or twenty -eight weeks workat fiigo ' pressure -and good Wagee, just when the wmter weuther makes brisk work possible, and good; images a 'pressing necessity. Year oy year it® magnitude and its utiuty increase, and now the prejiarationsmrefreater than evetr .L«a& year, accordhyghjo fetkatiti® Mdncb -we publisiiod "it fete rime, about 450,(JW i-abbitti wereiurcuaqa at a test . of between; £400d and i-'oOOU, which wte" disbursed among about a Jiundred and twenty trappers and carters, -while 'sixty or seventy ' hands "were' kept constantly at work "in .the' factor;.". This year wy .ioc .oifoimed that' tee'" management hate, prepared : to, pu c ,np 24,000 rabbits j>er week, which, should the season. tast only twenty-live weeks, will give 600,000 rabbits 4s""the total 1 !The factory and: its opera- riofis"; have', many tita.es been described in 'ourri eoumnf , as various changes nd de velppemni brpught forward nemmatters of. interest on con- hection with it. - We are gi&dto; think that itis likely to have a' jirosperous season, and as we hear 1 that teere' are plenty of rabbits in the forest, "v.-c hone the traDDers will koto work With a#flfc:'M ;-"-1 -:u kUl': li,' ! !A strange "stoiyr comes to xx( South Australian AdrcHi&rJ; from Y"drke's! Peninsula. Our car-': fe$>poudent kaye i — V ,JL ".Mngular -lookiiig object" was seehy estetdaj", t wen ty suumtes to.7,pjn., , by Mr. O'Dea, a well known resident here. He. says that as he was driving from Stansbuxy, and yrhen about one and « half miles from Minlaton, the horses gaVPIludfte& istaitj and 'fen looking up he saw a strange-looking object on the rpad, abodt two'and ah&lf; chains mfrontof him. ' m appftuanfeedt-was formed like a man; stood 7n.i to :in height, .and was covered with feathers < of a very light color. Tt went along the '-centra' of the road for about 290 .puds -kt& greet pace,, idng iooonnoHs 'Strides. Mr. .OHea put horses, info a ;gallop, biijt ;it. stili inoreased.itfi; it put out one of its arms, which .was like that - Of a human be&g;,'ohly!'yfery ' much : larger, afl'd Bride's lbild hoist, wtatli he cotildenly &6teibe as' bfetosbefritfeeiltiieteUdTOife'of a'teoWand ties peenlisir, noise made by an emu when oaUing its youi.g. li easily cleared the 1 fenee, and was-: sofiti.icBt. te.rieir iuthe thick cerab. 1 When It turned off the road the outline of its faoe tras to all uanmce like that of a monkey's." , , ., ; ! As snakes are veiy prevalent just notv, the, following account of the death of a young man should act, as a warning to otheis whose daily avocatiuus necessitate their being in grassy pad docks, or to those who go out for pleasure, rabbit-hunting, fcc. On the 3rd inst. a young man, 19 yearaof ge, named Mark Mars ton, was out with one'Thomas Eccleston, in one of Mr. Mr0e'p.I!»4do<te,at unbury,il?ofang. for, ralfbits., He pjit, bis band into a rabito burrow, uid almost , immediately withdrew, it.. a:iif 't;dj " spmethiug had bitten him. "He'cqn- tih'iiga'rodg'mr.a'fiWmindfa4; aid ttS iriin!' iilidhM".M.|lii,;hjy4i i,liHa 'fcompanioh'helped' iimJelong,"nndtied a'ttriiig round'thharm tna> eilUdiforiassistasiee. 'Mr.'4'aiiming,' 'garden ertw filrcWlaikej.flnsh-effeditie scali,i and; aatiiied tlio. w-und, .which, .waa on.ithfi Swiiat, aial »whioh. Eccleston sutised... 'Between .them, they «ojt, the Uwss=4i,t the.Ji»PUfawood.Hotel, .where he 4b».. hidl-pait .one o clock la the day, and, by. con- . ESEt e.W';ih4 "tBe" injet'fioh of arumoma inih the arm t&tey;«igMeata,,'UffW. efe4aiS, left hini'4i' haSf»d'wieraiD.iD., apparently uoiDg-welhiwisg wte- fealled at"3 a.m. next day, and round dechfltodficinnixi R VTolaittatef Inflammation. The doctor prescribed for him, elicited, and the jpry irpjfHned a verdict in nocordance .with the medical teatimonv., . Jhe Uecea«S>Wfis«ffdFBkTfiMiidPMiliton, a"tulmMptiuh td'tebt atdmhstohe'iiver 'fil jgrave'tafitoiiriruf refipfeclF rJ- »- « 5 1 1 -1' wars iu which England lias been engaged, that the prospects of trade would be im- j proved ; aiso, that by means of someTetrench- l ' ment in > the Civil Service expenditure, the - burden of - taxation -would bo considerably- lightened.: - I Ifird Haiteigton, thd leader of the labeled ' party, addressed liitnaelf to. th? late maiii- J festo jfisuedby rd BeteoMfield, fijud. . while < expressing lus disapproval denoun ted -,in .- unmeasured terms the acrion of jfie . Govern-. : ment in provoking j ealpnsies- .nad- ; -antipathies 'between England and the - Irish "people.- The Foreign policy -of tee Govera-' ,inent,-vhe Contended, -has- been completely - ' frustrated. It has been sought to giveficL-; "ditiofi fireJstige to G reat 'Britain on the Con "tinenti put "the result hisd bete ' a sighal failure. . Wfiilst England had siifiSiered rna- "terially. in -. necforcigu reiatiqnBj .in domestic' matters .she has been no less .unfortunate,. Unprecedented stagnation, had arisen.in her trade and conimerce, whilst the finanoee of- the country herein a state of confnsion; - 