THE SERVICE Government IB doing the work of Americanising our institutions grandly. To Bay nothing of vhat was accomplished before in this respect, there has been snch a scattering of the appointments made by the BEBBY Government this week alone, that everybody is becoming quite aghast at the persecuting spirit in which the friends of the iate Government are being treated. Mr FOBD, the engineer of constraclion, has gone from Hie railways; three of the mes sengers in the Legislative Assembly have been sent the same road ; and several other employes of the State are onder notice to qnit, although their names have not yet been published. All of the employes discharged wets appointed by the Beery Government; this apparently being the sole reason why they have teen dismissed from the public service. Bat all these dismissals are quite commonplace when contrasted with what is going on in the Eda cation Department. Here, if what we are told be correct, quite amuck is being ran against the teachers appointed by Major SMITH; and Ballarat being Major SMITH'S stronghold, is, ot coarse, feeling the fall force of die tempest. Nearly every teacher Major SHITH appointed, we are told, has received notice that he or she will have to be prepared for removal to another district; while others are being disrated; and the rest have been informed that in a short time their .services will be dispensed with. This is the common talk of the town; and from enquiries nhich we have caused to be made, we believe there is a vast amount of troth in it. Bat two-specific cases we can give which have come directly under our own notice; and there need be very little donbt that they are a fair sample of the way in which many of Major SMITH'S appointees are being treated by his successor at the head of the Education Department. One case is that of Mr BAILEY, of the State school at the rear of St. Paul's Church, Ballarat East When in office, Major SMITH promoted Mr BAILEY, for several reasons. The first was, that he was • entitled to promotion by his term of service; the second was, that he displayed considerable intellectual ability; the third was, that, being organist at St. Paul's, he would be of assistance in the singing classes of the school; the foarth was, that he was folly qualified, by examination, for promotion; and the fifth was, that' to -was the sole support of his mother, . brothers, and sisters. Bat, In spite of these all-sufficient reasons why Mr..BAILEY should have the position which Major SMITH gave him, Mr BAILEY the other day received a letter from the Education Department, stating that it had been resolved to reduce himto a pupil; teacher —Ins old position when Major; SMITH took office. . A correspondence ensued ; and the reason given forthe disrating by the department was that there was no vacancy In the school for Mr BAILEY other than the one assigned to him. But Mr BAILEY showed that there was no fourth assistant in the schooi, although it was entitled to this allotment. The department, however, refused to withdraw its decree, that Mr BaHEY should go. babk to the pupil-teachership; whereupon Mr BAIEEY resigned his appointment in the school, and qnitted the service. By what the department did in this ease, Mr BAILEY'S salary would have been reduced by something like £70 a year, or lowered to £50 a year In all, which was quite insufficient for him to keep himself and relatives; and, therefore, he has started as a teacher of mnBic, In which profession It Is to be hoped he will be thoronghly successful. The other case is that of a young lady teacher, who waB in : Melbourne the other day, and mailed, on baBtnesb, at the Education Department. When these, the question was put to her by one of the staff—" Are you one of Major SMITH'S pets." The young lady replied, " No; I am not." To which the other responded," Lucky thing for you you are not," which, being interpreted, meant that if the yoong 1 lad; had been appointed or promoted by Major SMITH, she might look out for a disrating or a removal, if not for an absolute dismissal. Here are two specific cases which have been brought under our notice, showing the injury and risk every person appointed by the BEBBY Government to the public service has just now to encounter; and, if necessary, they can be established beyond all possibility of refutation. As we have said, the Education branch is getting it very "hot;" but it is also pretty " sultry" in all the other departments. A tremendouB raid is being made npon all the appointments made by the BEBBY Ministry; and a villainous system of espionage and investigation has been established throughout the service, the more effectually to carry oat the. promise of revenge and removal. But the " Black Wednesday" craze will not do duty in this case, because in nearly all the acts as sodsted with the present vendetta, the persons dismissed on " Black Wednesday" can not be taken on. to fill the vacancies which are being created. Do not all the incidents here described justify the opening sen tence of this article, and short that the SERVICE Government is doing the work of Americanising our institutions grandly? Clearly they do, because a vicious effort to damn every friend of the late Government underlies the whole of the proceedings of which the Ministry in tins respect ia now so obvionsly and disgracefully gailty. There will be a day of stem retribution, however, for all these scurvy, acts of the preeent Government— scurvy beyond all precedent. The Liberal party must soon return to power; and when it does all these mean and quite gratuitous attacks upon men and women, solely because they owe their appointments or promotions to the BEBBY Government, will have to? be pat straight. There is no excuse for this vindictiveness at all; no question of privilege iB associated with these acts as was the case with "Black Wednesday;" and in many of the cases no compensation whatever is either offered or paid, the same as took place in every instance when the BEBBY Government made such a redaction in the civil service. The whole affair now going on is a mere piece of spite, malice, and revenge; and being each it will have to be promptly requited when the Liberal party return to office. No English Government ever acted like the SEBVICE Government is acting just now; and no Government ever did a sixteenth part as much to justify the most severe reprisals. In short, Mr SEB- VICE is making a rod for the back of bis own appointees by what he iB doing at tins time; and the more the friends of the BEBBY Government are assailed, the more will hiB own proteges suffer. This is especially dae to all sach cases as that of Mr BAILEY—than which anything more discourteous, unfeeling, and discreditable cf the sort never sprung into existence. THE friendly societies have at length taken up the question of the fees charged at the Ballarat cemeteries; and it was really high time that they moved in the matter. The residents of this town, as a body, have t;3n marvellously apathetic with regard to this gross abuse, although we have done our best, from time to time, to awakes them to a sense of the injustice, in this respect, with which they are treated. They have tolerated what really amounts to a downright imposition; and taking advantage of this indifference on the part of the public, the trustees have adhered to their old and extravagant rates, spite of the overwhelming reasons which have t3en given in this journal why the charges should undergo considerable redactions. We are glad, however, to see that the friendly societies are determined to stand this sort of abuse no longer, bat to press for a sound reform in these charges; and we hope they will not abate one jot of their demands, nntil their efforts have proved completely successful. It may not be generally known, but such is the fact, that the charges made by the trustees of the Ballarat cemeteries are "the highest in any part of Victoria. For example, the charges made fc: graves selected by the trustees, with the cost of interment added, are — in Melbourne, £1 10s; Geelong. £2; Footscray, £2 8s; Sandhurst, £1 7s 6d; and Ararat, £1 15s. Yet in Ballarat the charge is £2 10a, or the highest of the whole banch, although not an atom of reason can be given for the vast difference which these figures show as against this district. In the case of graves •elected by the applicant, with coat of interment also added, the charge at Melbonrne is £4 3s, Geelong £3, Ararat £2 15s, and Footscray £3 8s. Yet here in Ballarat the charge under the same heading is no less than £5, although there is no possibility of discovering anything in operation here to cause the increase. It will thns be seen that in the two classes of graves Into which the cemeteries are divided, the charges in Ballarat are, in moBt cases, far and away ahead of the charges made elsewhere; and this is a downright injustice to the residents of this town, which there is no possibility of the trustees defending. This is a question which concerns every family in the district of Ballarat, because some time or other they all have to pay cemeteiy fee?; and as the bulk of this community, like the bulk of all other communities, is poor, heavy cemetery charges are jast one of those inflictions which everybody is concerned in speedily removing. Bat the friendly societies feel the pressure more, severely than the generality of outsiders perhaps, because by far the .great balk of the members of friendly societies are blessed with anything bnt extensive worldly possessions. They are, as a rale laboring men, who can save little or nothing out of the money they earn; and when they die, their widows receive £20" from the societies with which their huBbands were connected. But when £2 10s at least is taken ont of this amount for. the grave, and about £A to £5 is paid to the undertaker.for. buying the dead, the mother and her children have little more than half the money left which the friendly Bociety has paid to the widow in accordance with the contract made with her deceased husband. Nor is it only in the case of deceased husbands that the cemeteiy fees fall heavily ; for if a grave is reopened to bury an adult, or even a child, the fee here is £1 Is, although the charge is not more than half this snm in a number of other districts. Overwhelming reasons, therefore, prevail why the friendly societies should agitate for a reduction' of the existing' cemeteiy charges in Ballarat, and why all outsiders should help them In tbeir efforts to secure a radical reform in this direction. Our own opinion has always been that it is a daring act of presumption and sacrilege to charge at all for the legitimate nse of " God's acre," as the cost of maintenance, ovariori&ing;, &e.; of inch a sacred spot, should be borne by the State.. Bnt as we are not sufficiently driliaed yet to recognise a sacred duty of this kind, the least we can do, meanwhile, is to keep the charge down to as low an ebL> as possible, so that no person shall feel the burying of his or her dead to be a burden. The very antithesis, however, of this state of things is now the case here; and it is high time that thiB barbarous greed was materially altered. We trust that the friendly societies will succeed in what they have taken in hand, and that all outsiders will assist them cordially in their creditable undertaking. A steamer passed Oape Otway at a quarier past nine *? Bt evening, supposed to be the Aooncagaa, from London. We regret to record the death ol Mr Joseph Longstaff. chemist, which took place yesterday at his residence. Victoria street. The deosased gentleman amved in Bailarat in the year 1857, and founded the business in Bridge street now baing carried on -by his cousin, air T LosggUff; but a few years since he purchased the business of Mr Eeogh, -wholesale chemist, in Melbourne. The troublesome legal proceedings which arose out ol this transaction coupled with a serious illness, undermined his previous o,>iaparatively strong constitution. He returned to Bal larat about three weeks since with a premonition of his early death, and with a desire to end his days where he had spent such a C3u»ider&ble; portion of his life, and where be had earned for himself the respsot and estesm of all with whom he had come in contaot Mr Longstaff leaves a widow and five children, who we are cure will receive the condolence and sympathy of a very wide circle of frier ds. We understand that the inspector of mines has t» ceived instructions from the Mining Department to proceed against Mr O. G. Murrie,manager of the Bl«sk fiill United Company, under ilio Prevention of accidents Statute, for not having the drives in (he mine properly secured. The prosecution arises out of an accident which occurred at the mine about three weeks since, by which a miaer named Jennings met hisdsath. The health inspcc'or reports'the city as entirely free from the epidemics which arenowmtfcingsuohead havoc in other parts of the oolony, but he states that one case of typhoid fever, resulting fatal'y, occurred in Doveton street north recently, the subject being a young woman who was married bnt a short time ago. The health officer end health inspector yesterday visited the premises in which she dird, and found that they, with the em- rounding locality, judged from a Bani>ary p int, of view, were in a very good condition. The officers also foucd that the building was being thoroughly disiufected by the inmates according to the instructions given by the medical man who had attended the deceased. The health officer repartsthec&seas; one of thoEeisolated ones which cannot f)e accounted for In any ordinary way. Another cate Is mentioned as having made its appearance in Uuugaree,on the Helbonrae road In view of the receat outbreak of epidemics the Education Department has issued the following instruc-ions for the guidance of tuohers in dealing with cases of supposed infectious complaints:— 11 With regard to typhoid fever, ophthalmia, and whooping cough, you will be good enough to report at once to the department any cases that may occur in the vioiuity of your .school, and yon ere directed to exclude from sohool any children who may ehow symptoms of these diseases. Ycu will pursue the same course also in cases of scarlet fever, measles, and_ diphtheria, and, ia, addition, ercluie all inmates of Houses where such diseases exist, nntil a medical ortifioate that all danger of their spreading infection has passed away can be furnished; and if a medical certificate to that effect is not produced they should be exoluded for a period of at least three weeks from the time at which all symptoms of the disease shall have disappeared from the Jast case in the hr.use The department has been advised by the chief medical officer thit. as a general rnle, when these epidemics are prevalent, children am safer attending school where proper precautions are observed, than thiy would be playing about with other children probably coming from infected families or only recently convalesrsnt—the time at which association with them is most dangerous ; but that if the disease should make its appearance in close proximity to the school it would then be advisable to close. When the latter oourse becomes nec jssaty, frequent rep >rU as to tho progress of the malady should be furnished to tte department. Information having been received to the effect that children who have been excluded from one school in consequence ot scarlet fever having made its appearance in the families to which they belong have been sent to other schools in "the loaality, yon are hereby instrncted that whenever you find it desirable to exclude children from your sohool for Buch a reason it will be your duty to make known to the head teachers of the neighboring sohools the fact of your having done so; and you will also understand that you are not to receive into your school any children who have been excluded from other schools on this ground.—G. Wilson Bbowk, secretary." A notice with reference to Sir Dows lecture on the "Land Question," in the Alfred Hall, next Friday evening, appears in our advertising columns to-day The lecture will be interesting,as it will describe how the land has been taken np in the past, and indicate the way the baluci of it should be disposed ot A large map will also be hungup, to illustrate different points in the lecture A meeting of the shareholders in the Major Smith Freeholds Art-union will be held at Craig's hotel, this evening, at half-past eight o'olock, " to determine in what manner the property shall be distributed amongst the shareholders." This somewhat ambiguous annonnr^ment means, we presume, that the meeting Is called to decide how tbe drawing shall take pUce. Agents are requested to send in their returns to Mr i\ 41. Olaxton before the meeting takes pUc>. We learn that diphtheria is prevalent at Elaine, and that one death from thiB cause occurred there during last week. It is also stated that the epidemic has made its appearance in the family o! the railway stationmaster at that plar 1, three of his children at present lying ilL If this statement be correct, steps should certainly be taken to lelieve the stationmaster from duty during tho con incanrs of diphtheria in his famiiy, as by coming from the locality of the disease, and being compelled to attend the arriving and deputing trains, no surer method could be devised for spreading the germs of the disease throughout the colony. Tho young man who was admitted to the District Hospital on Monday suff sring from a severe cut by falling down the Princess shaft, is named Evan Bichards, not Kicholls, as stated by Hiahards himself, who narated£he accident to onr reporter. The ao- (rfdent, too, arose frcm Bichards having tied the rope to his belt, sad the lat* ;r breaking away he was precipitated to the bottom on to a bucket Hence his injuries. [ The officials who perfoi-m the delioite task of valning the ratable municipal proj jrty are oftentimes found fault with for over-estimating the value of property, but if they have by chance undervalued a building they seldom besr of it. However, one of the burgesses of Bmythesdale, whose propertv had only been valued at £16, declined to accept that as a f«fr estimation of the worth of his property, and doubtless tic ', wishing to defraud the borough revenue cf the few eh : l!!ngs of rateBuappealed at the polfoe court on Tuesday last and got his valuation raised to £20. It may b: possible, howler, that the desire to be eligible for election as a councillor or auditor msy have something io do with the wish of tbe wcrthy burgess to be rated at the increased amount. But without going the length of imputicg motives, the appeal for anincreased assessment is something unique in municipal history,' and we would resf jotfuliy suggest that the Municipal Association should reoognisein some suitable way the eelf-eaciifice of the worthy ratepayer. Our Napoleons correspondent writes: " I regret to have to notice that Bnninyong, which for many years w*s looked upon as one of the most orderly and -quiescent townships in the oolony, lias begun to degenerate sadly. I am inform^, oh the most re'iable authority, that gangs of larrikins now infest the •ancient village,' and exhibit the diablerie of their dispositions by wantonly destroying any unprotected prop arty they may happen to come across. The most reoent form in which they have manifested their larrikin tendencies is in the smashing of windows My informant tells me that noc three weeks ago they smashed no less than thirty-two panes of glass in the Ohnrch of England in that place, and about a week later they performed a similar disservice for the Temperance Halt On Sunday evening ^st they smashed every pane of glass in the cottage of Mr Henry Dazwa, which is situated between Buninyong and Sostchmans Cf course this wilful and diabolical destruction of property cannot long go unpunished; and I take this opportunity of informing'these miscreants that an avocg:ng Nemesis is close at their heels. In the person of Senior-constable O'Neill, who. with the other members of the force at his command! is using almost Enpeihnman efforts to bring those malefactors under the heel of proj irly-constilnted authority, I nnC9rely hope that these matrioulited rtndents in the vagabendage of Kellylsm will soon' have their hang-dog countenances brought under the scrutiny of the lecal bench, who, I am sure, will make it exceedingly enjoyable for them." Footballing has always been carried on with great vigor in BaUarat, but steps are being taken likely to bring out the merits of the different clubs throughr-nt the' district to perfection. Mr Mayer (of the Boyai Standard hotel} and the president and vice-president of the City Football Olnb have decided on giving a challenge cup, to-be competed for by clubs in Ballarat and the Western district A meeting of the commit'ee of the Oity club was held on Satnrday, and a subcommittee appointed to draw np rules for the matches. These rules will be published on the 16th of May, and the first match will be played as.aoon as possible after ' the 1st of June. The cup is to be seen at Mr Bntlbn's. jeweller. Start street It consists of an emu egg bowl set in silver, and will be surmounted by a football, also fn Bilver. The cup is a -very handsome one, and worth £13. The preliminary arrangements in connection with the Beoond annual Hospital ball, wfcieh takes place on the 27 th Instant, are progressing at a very satisfactory rate. The ball is now talked of thnraghont' Ballarat, and ft seems generally understood that it will prove, even more sncoefieful and enj yable than that of last year. A meeting of the general committee of the ball will be held in the Prince'e room, Craig's hotel, cn Thursday afternoon, at half-past fonr o'clock, at whioh the various sub-committees will be appointed for the purpose of carrying out the details in oenneotion with the balL It fs requested that al) members of tbe general committee and Intending patrons of lhs ball will muster in good force at the meeting, and we note are Invited to plaoe any suggestions whioh may strike them before the meeting, so as to .lend the greatest possible assistance in promoting the soeosss of file baU. The genera] oommittee, having had experience of the various requirements of patrons at the last ball, and backed up as they are by Uierary great popularity in which the Hospital ball fs cob held, intend on this occasion to increase their efforts',to promote the general comfort of the ladies and onitv men attending tbe Alfred flail Gome three months ago a pnblio meeting of real' deL oe area and property holders in the vicinity of tbe New Koh-i-Noor claim, was held for the purpose of taking steps to prevent that company obtaining a lease for the ground it held under miners 1 rights on tbe plea that the company prevented them working ncder the streets in front of their allotments. A second meeting was held last night at the Societies' Ball, Skipton street. Mr Cooper, secretary for those taking put in the movement, stated that it would be necessary to hare some funds at disposal, airt asked for instructions, as objections had been lodged agaicet the issue of the lease The committee appointed on the fir. t occasion hid no funds -in hand. Nothing definite was arrived at, and finally, as there were only a few persons present, and tbe-hall was wanted for another gathering, the meetiDgadjourned until Thursday evening. A number cf our best known citizens were yesterday waited upon by two gentlemanly young men of gcol address, and evidently well brought up They slated that they were clerks, and out of employment; one of them was lately in ths civil service in New Zealand, but in consequence of a change of Government had lost hie employment They were provided with first- class testimonials, and had only bean in the colonies some four months. They were evidently in a wretohed plight as to olothes and means, net having the wherewithal to purchase a meal, and, from their own aceonnt, had not for nights slept in a bed. They have been provided for until Saturday night at Jonas' hotel, Lydiard street; and we oommesd the case of th*se young men to those who can offer any employment, as work, ei her nitnual er with the pen, will be readily jump :d at for a merely nominal wage. Here is a lame way of wriggling out of a special train nsed by the Ministry last Morday. It is taken fr.-.m the Telegraph: -' The present Government, it is well known, has set its face against that abuse of tho State railways, viz , the running of Sfecial trains for political party purposes, and therefore a word of explanation is necessary as to tbe train in which the &iui8terial; party returned to town on Monday night, from the banquet to Messrs Andrews, I awes, and Oonnor at Geelong. The engine which had taken the Governor's special train to Colac had to return to Melbourne that evening, and its prog r essf rom Geelosg was merely stayed for au honr or so till the conclusion of the bauqnet. when the Ministerial carriage was a'- tached to' it, and Mr Service and his colleagues brought on to town." A publio meeting wis heldlabt night, at the Eible Qhristian Ohurch, Skipton street Mr Morcom occupied the chair, and delivered the opening address; after which, the meeting was addressed by the fievs. T. J. Oory and Eeccombe, and Mr M. Hosking. There was singing by the choir, Mr Were conducting, and Miss Spier presiding at the harmonium. During the evening, a very ni< 3 present, consisting of a handsome gold watch, was made by the Bev. X. J Oory, on behalf of the Sunday school and ooog.*egation, to Miss Spier, for the faithful manner she has carried out her dnties as organist, and for the care she has bestowed in teaching the Sunday school children singing. " Mr $pfer replied on belulf of Miss Spier. A collection was made on behalf of the building fund. The church has be Jn enriched la* )ly by several very acceptable presents from different members cf the common! ;y—a very handsome bible, hymn-book, and cushion, and a silver cup and fctand for the celebration of the Lord's supper. According to the Melbourne papers, the Government have decided to disj vise with the servioes of Mr Ford, the engineer of construction fn the Kail way Department It is almost needless to add, after the above statement, that Mr Foil was appointed by Mr Woods during the time he had charge of the railways. We have recsived from Mr Brewster, of the Boyal Studio, a photograph of four Government proclamations issued before the Eureka rio'-s, and htving reference to the events which immedittely preceded that memorable epoch in the history of EtUaret. The photograph Is taken of four of the original proclamations in the possession of Mr 0. H. J. Walker, and will no doubt be viewed with interest by all old Ballaratarians who remember the Stockade, as well as by others who oniy know of that improvised fortress from historical records. One of the proclamations is that of the-6th December," 1851,. calling in spscial constables. The second is of 18th December, 1851, and is headed '.' £400 reward"—old pioneers will remember the rest The description given of Mr Lalor states that he is in height S feet 1 inch, age, thirtyfive. hair dark-brown, whiskers dark-brown, and shaved under the ohin, no moustache, long face, rather good looking, and is a well- made man The other are t*o proclamations more especially made by the Governor. The photograph is quite a curiosity in its way, and is now on view at the Boyd Stndia The business st the City Police Court yesterday occupied only five or six minutes. One drunkard was dealt with. Police v J* Franks, furious drivicg, adjourned for a foitijight.—Same v Ellas Waroe, driving cattle on Sunday through tho streets; adjourned to the 18th of June.—Coulter and Co v F. Victor, gocds, ill 17s 2d; adjourned (or a week. The.presiding magistrates were Messrs Ham, Hickman, and Macaw, J.f. At the Town Polioe Court yesterday Mr Turpie, J.P, presided, and eent-Eiiza Kogers to ga J for three month;. A pleasing inBtanrs of praotical sympathy was given on behalf of the Oates and Murphy families on Sunday la^t, at the Uawson Sir- X Congregational Church. The iiev. Joseph Walker drew attention to tbe distressed condition of these two families, and stated that although they were in no way connected with the church or congregation, and were entirely unknown 10 him, ho would be glad of small contributions in their r-ehalf. At the clof e of the services the sum of £4 12s was cheerfully handed in, and this amount will be expanded by Air Walker on behalf of the two families. A meeting of the Ascot Farmers' Union was held at the Ascot hotel on Monday evening last; the president, Mr A. Monro, in the chair. There was not much business to transact. The subject of the high rates now charged for weighing produoe in the Ballarat market was disenssed, but it was decided to wait the result of the late dspu-ation on the subject before taking any action. The proposition of the Ballaratshire Council at the late municipal conference, to prohibit ottle from travelling the roads for feed to the damage of fences and crops, was favorably commented upon. An entertainment was given last night by the Ballarat Star minstrels, in the Societies'Hall, Skipton street. The boilding was crowded. A lengthy and attractive programme was prepared for the occasion, oonsistingof singing, baajo-playing,and etep-danoing, and was carried through in a very successful manner. At the conclusion an amusing farce was played. The names of the performers were—Messrs James, Purdy, Harrow, J. Morris, M'Henty, H. Sarah, and W. H. Jenkins. " A Landlord " should oommuuicate with the secretary of the Licensed Victuallers' As Mxriation direct, as tbe question pTit ie scarcely one for the oolumns of a newspaper. The promenade concert and bazaar, in aid of Bishop^court building fund, will be held in the Meobanios' Institute next Friday afternoon and evening, not at Bishopscourt. as we inaccurately stated yesterday. Members of the Western branch ol the National Beform League are requested to attend at tbe Alfred Hall next Friday evening, to hear Mr Dow, .ELL. A, on the L&nd; question." "The monthly meting of the BaUarat Horticultural Society will be he'd at the Meohanios' Institute this evening, at half-put seven. The Bev. Bichard Kelley, of South Australia, will deliver his pdtoular lecture on " Father Tailor.' the American sailor preacher, in the Bible Christian Church, Skipton street, this evening, commencing at seven o'olock, Mr J. W. Blarney will preside, and Mies 8j tar will officiatj at the organ. There will also be singing by the choir. We have received from Mrs Trenoh Ss for Mrs Oates and 5s for Mrs Mu pby. We have also received 2s 6d from " J. T." for Mrs Murphy. By advertisement in another column we see that an address on missions to the aborigines in Viot- ria will be.given by Mr W. E. Morris in St. John's sohoolroom, Soldiers' HOI. this evening, at eight. Mr Mwris ha» been for many years hon. secretary and treasurer of this mission and has a thorough lmowledge of it, requirements and results. He has jast returned from the Lake Oondnh station, and can give interesting and valuable information in concec ion with its working. A'tea and entertainment in connection with the Sons and Daughters of Temperance will be held in the Societies' Hall, this evening, at seven o'clock. Officers and members are requested to meet at halfpast six. At ths Mechanics' Institute, yesterday afternoon and eveiffng, Mr Roberts' (junior) c'asees for dancing and calisthenics' were weU attended. The evening c'asp, we are requested to state is available for gentlemen from half-past seven to len o'clock-every Tuesday. & meeting of the oomtcittcs of the combined Eight Hours Association will be held at the Buok'd Head hotel, this evening at eight o'clock: The following strange discovery is reported ny the Bcrald-. —" A grooai, employ.-d at the Boyal ilint stables, was walking in a'Beokett street at tix o'clook on Tuesday morning, and found a coat and vest hanging to a lamp-pott In the pocket of the vest there was a gold watc'i. It is supposed that some drunken man put ihe olothes there under an impression that was going to bed, and afterwards walked away™ The Chinese'(says a Sydney telegram in Ihe Herald}' are extensively entering into the tobacco business. It .is rumored also that they intend establishing a boot factory at Parramatta. Ihe re is g r eat excitement in reference to this question,- and the feeling is dally growing stronger. The Hamilton Spretator gives the following descrip- < tlon of the alleged apucarance of a ghost to the late Archdeacon fnnes:—"It may be stated (roysi our contemporary) that Mr Lissssan did not die at the parsonage, and the archdeacon never wrote that he saw Mr Lissiman 'standing at ths stndy table,' nor anywhere else after death. What the archdeaoon really wrote was shown to as with a request that we would not publish' it as- it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his relatives. Ae some ether friend of the. family has, however, with questionable taste thought proper to furnish a very distorted version of the affair to the publio, we have been asked to state that, the morning before his death, the Ven. An&coaoon; Innes wrote and gave the Bev. 3\. W. Arnold a mama of whioh tbe following is a copy, viz: " A few nights after poor Liestm&n;'s death I was t]j_this house alone, and bis room rattled so that I ran up to see what it was. 1 looked into the dark room, and sou notfting, bo I said with a laugh to myself, < It must be old Liasliaan "What do yon want?' Then I had an answer, notaudibk, bnt such asyouiWya spirit nan convey. 'Never mind, yonli lOdow me soon.' It was singular, I sever told any- J one."—{The itallos are our own ) Mr Lissiman died a month before the archdeacon, and the latter expired less than twenty-four hours after writing the singular memo we have been callod npon to publish. Considerable excitement {says the Baidigo Adeerifter) was oansed at Kerang on Tuesday marniog (g consequenoe of its having been found that B0V' <rt Gale, a prisener, who was on remand for horse- -stealing, hod cut two panels out of the wall of ths look-up, and escaped. It is evidsnt from the appearand of the out that the prisoner was in possession of a file and saw. An inch bar of iron was cut in two places. Two other prisoners were in the cell at .the time, but they declined to escape. The police St. 4 on t in search of the aeoapee, but up to the present no tidings of him have been gained. Come strange .characters (says the Age) occasionally rqpke theft- .appearance at the city eourt. One of that class wa» brought before the bench on Monday. His name wiS John Oxford, and he was sixty-two years of age, The bench were informed by Mr Hill, the court vfa itor, that between thirty and forty years ago the deb ndant gained notoriety by shooting at the Queen wi'en on her way to Hyde Park. He was tbe first nu n who had attempted to take the life of Her Majssty, »nd as it was the opinion of the medical men at that L'me tbat he »as insane, Iris life waB spared and he was sent to Colney Hatch. He Bpent a number of years in tbat asylum, and was then liberated, after which he ca me to Australia. In Sandrldge he was convicted of stealing a ebirt, and was sent to gaol for one week. Oil Saturday he was liberated, and Mr Oastieau, the governor of the gaol, informed the poliee that in oonsequcnoe of the old man's eccentric conduct in gaol he believed he wa» mad, and ought to be watohed. It being the easiest mode of getting over the difficulty, Oxford wa» arrested on the charge of vagrancy. When before the court on Monday, he said that what Mr Hill had stated concerning him was quite true. The bench remanded him f or medical examination, Boferring to tbe banquet to Mr Andrews, H.L.A., at Geelong on Monday, the Geelong Advertiser says:— " The liquor flowed very freely. One man who had invested a ctown piece had evidently determined to have its full value, for at a comparatively early hour he had no fewer than eleven different bottles before him. V. hat he iud drunk of them be alone knsw, but even as the proceedings came to a close he had not turned a hair, and seemed good for yet ' one bottle more.*" A telegram from Hamilton in yesterday's Tdegraph says:—"xzodge (a plasterer), a child named (Jnhiil, and a youth samed Cooper, have been admitted into the fever ward suffering from diphtheria. The ohild Brokenshire and the younger brother of Ooopsr have died. Five cases are now nnder treatment, in, eluding that of Mrs Luckie, who. having suffered a rehpse. has been re-admitted. Over £100 promised and paid for tho relief of the family of Mr. T. Gorman the late statfonmaster." Alderman Gatehouse (remarks the has suooeeded i a rendering himself very notorious of late, and some of his mere recent proceedings are, we understand, likely to again cause his appearant j in' ths law courts. The " freak " upon. this cacaoon appears to have been an attempt on the part of this eccentric individual and his companions to burn down the surveyor's landmark on Mount Macedon. The matter was reported to the Crown Lands Department, and referred to the Crown law officers. Instructions have been given by the Uinieter of Justice to prosecute the offenders. The strength of parties (says (he Artpus) cannot be known nntil the House has met, but provision was made during the last Parliament for labelling the various seats in the Assembly, and many hon. members have seoured their places there. Seats behind the Government have been secured by Messrs Zox, Thompson Moore, StaugVon, Harper, W. F. Walker, Keys, Sibb, and W. Madden. Two members have ohosen places on the front seat of the Ministerial corner, namely, Messrs hbiols and H. B. Williams. On the Jback row of the Ministerial corner there are three members, Messrs Shtrpe, Bolton, and fcir John 0'c?hanassy. The member for Belfast will have the strangers' gallery immediately behind him, while he will face the Speaker in front The Opposition leaders will have behind them Messrs Dow, Langridge. Bell, Fisher, and Mirams. And in the Oppoei ion corner there are Messrs Vale, Story, Oook, Bowman, Ficchatn. Laurens,. Tucker. W. M. Clark. Bussell, Laurens, Nimmo, and Bichardson. Mr J. H. Graves, who originally pegged out an allotment in the Ministerial corner, has undergone inward j murbations. and has—but [ irhaps not finally—transferred himself to the Opposition side, and has reserved a seat in the corner there Another malignant oharge (says the Age) has been made against several members of ths late Ministry in reference to the signing and payment of accounts in the Publio Works Department. The simple faois of the oase are these:—All account which, had been passed bythe Hallway Department and by the Parliamentary building committee had remained unpaid for eome time. Uhe Speaker brought the matter under the attention of the Government on two or three occasions, aid the parties to whom the money was • due were clamoring for payment, and threatening legal proceedings. The Attorney-General commanioated by telegram with the Commissioner of Public Works, who was then st Uastlemaine, and Mr. Patterson authorised him to sign the ace Junt then in. ref ore the account was repassed the Bailway Dep »rtment sent iu an additional account for the sum of £400. The Commissioner of Publio Works then decided not to pay more than the first account at that time. Eub-.eqaently the various partes to whom the money was due were greatly pressed f or mo^ey, and induced the Attorney-General to get payment fer them of the first acoount, which had been already assented to hy the Commissioner of Publio Works, and with the consent of the Chief Secretary he signed tbe first aocount in the absence of the Commissi ~>ner of Publio Works. That account had been passed by Sir Charles G' Duffy and Mr. Woods, and assented to by Mr Patterson. It is ont of this transaction that an attempt has been made to fabricate a charge of misappropriation of public moneys Judging from recent events (remarks the Telegraph} it is high time that chemists should exercise greater care in dispensing drugs. On Monday night a married woman, namel Agnes FuIcknor,aged thirty-eight years, residing in Albert strest, Kmerald Hill, was admitted to the Melbourne hospital, suffering from opium poisoning. During the afternoon Mrs. Fulcknor sent one of her children to the local chemist tor sixpsnuy-worth of Jaudanum. This tbe unfortunate woman swallowed, and her f On, a lad who was attending a State school, on returning home, finding his mother in a comatose state, acquaint 3d the neighbors of ths fact, and the woman was removed to the hospital. The treatment usual in such cases was resorted to, and the patient towards night was pronounced to be out of danger. Additional particulars (says an Age telegrim) have been received of the existence of a strange animal at large on Yorke's Peninsula. The report received a few months ago, represented the animal as "being like a large hairy man. The latest aocount is as to the flightening of settlers' horses during the night Tiaoks as of an enormous kangaroo were discovered c in the morning, jumping 4 feet 6 inches. The aboriginals sp3ak of a big one fellow like man along the scrub. The first report was discredited, but the latest furnishes reasons for thinking that some unknown animal is in ths ecrnb. Tbe settlers are talking of organising a parly to search the scrub. The matter has oansed much excitement on the Peninsula. r 1 A tea meeting, in connection with the Wesleyan o Church at Miuersrest, was held on the 27th April, c when, in e;»ito of the unfavorable weather prevailing, pw a large number of friends partook of a beautifully laid ont tea, which was gracefuHy presided over by several t ladies from the surroundiiur district. After the good o thiegs had been discussed, the Bev. Thomas Bath h took the chair, and presided over a very interesting meeting, which was eloquently addressed in turn by the Bevs. Messrs Sonter (Presbyt irian), »tiH Angove ; the former taking tbe Me and timss of Dr Chalmers as his subject Several of the members of the Coghil's Creek Wesl>yan choir attended, and added to the enjoyment of the meeting, by rendering select pieces from " tilver sbnss," in which they were accompanied on au organ courteously lent by the trustees cf the church to which thsy belonged. The only cause of regret during the evening was tho unruly conduct of someycung men and boys who, much to the annoyance of the speakers and audience, persisted ia gathering round the building a>,d " making night hideous" with their noise. We understand that this pretty little ohnrch has been cloBed for npwards of two years, and is once more etmggling into activity. A rumor (says the Times) was current in Horsham on Monday that Mr E. Kirby, oi Bheop 1111s, a wellknown athlete, had been Ul ed by a fall from his horse. We were unable to learn any partiou'ars, and trust that the report may not be true. The' Horsham Times regrets to learn beyond doubt that diphtheria in rather a severe form has broken out in tbe immediate township in ths family of Mr Scudamore, one of whose children, a iittle girl about five years of age has been attacked. The matter being reported to the health officer the proper precautions for isolation have bean takan, and the child Will be treated at the fever vard of the hospitaL 