Victoria Eacing- Club's £ pring Meeting. DERBY DAY. As was only to be expected, the combina tion of an International Exhibition and the greatest of Australian race meetings at the same time in Melbourne, has proved a source of such great attraction, not only to the in- habitants of our colony, but of ail the others in the Australian group, that it will tax the resources of even so large a city as the metropolis of Victoria to accommodate all the strangers who - have sought and will seek during the present week admission within her walls. Year by year the interest in the spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club seems to increase. Fluctuating the atten dance may be on individual days, but fete average increase is certain, and apart from the number of eye-witnesses of the principal events comprised in the week's promT the interest in them is more assureffiveri' denced by the immense amount of moll which is speculated with bv the een«3 public in the performances of their lavonrui horses. For several weeks past the S announcements made concerning the numb« of visitors coming from the other colonies haS been quite astonishing, and last week especial the arrival of intercolonial holidav-makera has been very large. As horses from all thp principal colonies are entered for the great events, so the people from each seem to think they onght to come and see them run and both by land sea the means of con' veyance hither have been most uncomfon ably crowded lately. The overland route from Sydney has almost been blocked up bv the passenger traffic, though notwithstanding that this is a new way of reaching Melbourne to all intents and purposes, it does not seem to have relieved th® traffic by water in the least, for not hare the ordinary steam ships been crowned, but others have been p-fi on specially to convey all the passengers that wished a sea voyage. An instance of what the traffic has been was given on Friday when more than S00 persons arrived in Mel bourne by water. His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived on the ground just before the first race, the Marquis of Normanby tooling his own well-appointed four-in-hand drag from Government-house to the course. He wa= received by the stewards, and conducted to the Vice-regal box, and did not leave the course Until the day's programme had been run through. Several improvements have been made in the saddling-paddoek and on the hiil since the last meeting. The principal one is the erection of a large four- faced clock over the scratchings-boards in the middle of the saddling-paddoek, where the starting-ben used to be hung. This work has been carried out by the club's timekeeper, Mr. T. Gaunt, and the bell has been removed to a position immediately west of the weighing-room. A staircase has also been placed down the steep declivity leading from the western end of the top of the hill to the stone parapet which divides the hill from the saddling-paddoek where considerable standing room is afforded on days when the hill is crowded. Messrs. Gonsler and Co. did the catering satis factorily. THE RACING commenced punctually at 1 o'clock with the Melbourne Stakes, which brought no less than eight of the thirteen horses coloured on the card to the post, ana as Chester, although showing symptoms of lameness, was in very fair condition, he was made an Immense favourite at even money ana 5 to 4 on him. The friends of the Sr. Albans' stable rallied round Respite, who has grown and furnished a great deal, but the Cup horses, First Water, Rivalry, and old Rich- mond, whose condition was simply perfection, were comparatively friendless, the general opinion being that the race was virtually a match between Chester and the three- year-old. It was a wretched start, Mouarcue, whose rider/ Battye, was evidently de termined to steal a march on the others, getting lengths away in front of every thing, but he did not maintain his advantage long, as Respite tore past him like a shot, and made the pace a cracker all the way. A quarter of a mile from home he was going so well and strong that grave doubts were entertained of his ever being caught, but Chester gradually overhauled him, and capitally ridden by Huxley, he won ratter comfortably at the end. The time was very good, and shows that the backers of Respite had some grounds for their confidence : and it is just probable that had young St. Albans been able to steady him half a mile from home, the race might have had a different termination. On returning to the weighing yard, Chester, whose victory was received with cheers, was observed io be dead lame, and admirers of a good horse will regret to hear that there is very little likelihood of his coming to the post again this meeting. nem oi eleven showed ont for the Hotham Handicap, and as Wellington had been doing exceedingly well in the mornings at Flemington, he was supported with such spirit that when the horse left the paddock, all the i4 books" wquld lay against, him was 2 to 1, and there was very little money to be obtained even a: that ridiculous price. Tne " Metrop." winner, Pontiff, who was in blooming condition, also had many friends, and as the unluckiy Prattle had cleaned out Mr. Crook's lot one morning at Flemington, a good many backers of bcrses thought she had an excellent chance of land ing the stake. Public opinion was borne out to the very letter, as a quarter of a mile uom home Prattle, Wellington, and The Pontiff were the only ones left in the race vritn s ghost of a show. The mare led the big brown son of Panic up the straight, but he was gaining on her every yard, and Yeomsns, finishing in his own resolute style, caught her just a stride from home, and, with a tmsi effort, squeezed him in a winner by hardly a head. A more brilliant piece of horseman ship has seldom been seen, and the backers of Wellington have to thank the superior horsemanship of Yeoman s for the victory. Mr. Watson having complained of Battye s behaviour at the post, he was brought before the stewards and disqualified for the remainder of the meeting. There were no less than twenty-seven starters for the M&ribyrnong; Plate, and as Chester s vie- tory showed that Fennelly's stable was in ' form," Monmonth — ra fine, big, raking cob, and full brother to Chester — hardened con siderably in the betting at the last. The «-L Albans youngsters, Baltic and Royal Maiu. had evidently not " answered the question put to them, as they both went out at a very long price ; and as Lamond could not tell which was the better of the two between Spinningdale and Somerset, they were boih supported by the followers of Mr. Lee = stable. The Duke, who seems to have un proved since Caulfield, had a select following, but Welcome Jack, who performed so mgio- riously at that meeting, had scarcely a nen, 0ur South Australian friends were strongly represented with The Israelite, The Moor, Spec tor, Topaz, Rustic Lass, Henrietta, an L&vinia;, and as Annie Firmin, the sta companion of the latter, had run very wed _ the Criterion Stakes at Caulfield, her carenu trainer, Hill, thought, with good reaso tost she would acquit herself very cre" Mr. F. F. Dakin turned out the speedy I in splendid condition and ' looklSt jjo'uia be found with Spite, littte ljteiy to see a better day. As flh0,1® au five-furlong races, very little nA he seen of' the first part of the c0 i but the colours of Henrietta, Etrugn fi-P Th« Israelite, Spite, and Spinning- Siowed most conspicuously as they fa n» to the distance-post. Welcome raCl then came away, and was winning ' 'comfortably. when Lavinia Shot up r TP «tand side of the rails, and made a f a hPflt of it, though the general opinion she beat Welcome Jack by at least Laviuia, who is a fine-looking filly, ® I , Talk of the Hill from Nancy, by South \S Llian from Apparition, by Jersey, etc., AUf fvas bred by Mr. W. Gerrard, the well- vn South Australian breeder, who had Rcasure of seeing one of his stock run so for the great two-year-old event Tthe season. Although the filly went out a very long price, the "ring" did not altogether escape laying her e she was Ked some time ago m Adelaide for a very d stake, but as the dead heat was not S nff a 'division having ensued, all the lU rs will be put together and divided. The i hipr dead-heater, Welcome Jack, was bred | 1 Mr A- K- Fhilay, i the well-known I ,4normiston stud, and is by Bethnal Green f m Colleen Bawn, and' at the sale of that rlntlemans stud in March last, he" was pur chased by Mr. J. Wagner for the low sum of forty guineas, which fact should not be Lt sight of by intending buyers at the ; reading sale on Friday next. Welcome Jack showe/ some form at the complimentary race meeting to Sir Hercules Eobinson, when he 1 cot second to Baltic in the two-year- old race, bat he ran so badly at Caulfield afterwards that he was quite discarded by the general public, albeit some astute racing men took 100's to 5 about him just before the starf. Spinningdale just finished before her stable companion Somerset, and amongst those in the ruck who will see a better day were : Monmouth, The Israelite, and Henrietta, possibly before the meeting terminates, j Contrary to general expectation, the Derby brought no less than eleven competitors to the post, two less than last year ; and as the friends of Progress and Grand Flaneur were very confident, excitement ran very high as the'v underwent their toilettes, but a heavy downpour of rain prevented the customary inspection. The fittest horse amongst the j lot was undoubtedly Progress, who was ! timed to the hour, and with all the advantage of the St. Albans polish and the youngster ; of that name in the saddle, it is little matter j for surprise that he went out a better favourite than the Sydney crack. Grand Flaneur was also looking all that could be de sired, and, as a rule, the condition of the "blue ribbon" candidates was quite up to the mark. As the report of the race below will show, Progress, Grand Flaneur, and Mulatto were the only three actually ia the race, and Pro gress made the pace a cracker almost from the fall of the flag. Three-quarters of a mile from home he was tackled by Grand Flaneur, and the pair sailed clean away from the field, the pace as they came up the straight in the teeth of a strong gale of wind being some thing terrible. Grand Flaneur, however, had always the best of it, and Pro gress tiring a little at the last, he very cleverly beat him in, considering everything, the extraordinary time of 2min. 44sec., I a second slower than Suwarrow's last year; but in estimating the two performances, the j state of the course on Saturday must be taken into consideration. Mulatto, who ran a good horse throughout, struggled into third place, but he owed his position in a great measure to the manner in which Mr. F. F. Dakin turned him out. The winner, Grand Flaneur, who is by the defunct Yattendon, from First Lady, the dam of First Lord, has 1 thus scored his fourth successive victory, as ! be had previously won the Normanby Stakes, ' A.J.C. Derby, and Produce Stakes, and, if he ; stands, will be very hard to beat in the Legers ' in the autumn. For some time before the race it was regarded as virtually a match ; between Grand Flaneur and Progress, and i public opinion was thus borne out to the verv letter ; and, as Grand Flaneur was backed straight out for a large amount, as well as with nearly every horse in the Melbourne ; Cup, his victory was a severe blow to the bookmakers. As Helmet fell in the Maiden Steeplechase, Gippslander, who is a magni- cent jumper, had no difficulty in beating Yerdi, vho seems to have lost his pace, and could never geton terms with Mr. Howie's horse. The Essendon Stakes was a match between Western Princess andLothair, and as the latter bolted when they had gone a mile and a half, Mr. Finlay's filly came home an easy winner, which terminated the proceed ings. The arrangements in connection with the racing were, as usual, almost faultless, but we cannot compliment Mr. George Watson upon his starting, which was not by any means up to the mark. The following is a resume of the racing ; — Melbourne Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 150 sovs. added. "Weight for age. One mile and a quarter. , on. J. y iiites b h Chester, by Yattendon — Lady wPheTsteS® Trs, 9st 41b .. ..N.Huxley 1 " J. Wilson's b c Respite, 8 yrs, 7st lllb w" r, " .. .. P. St. Albans 2 Ceng's b b Monarque, 5 vrs, 9st 4ib « T - .. .. R. Battye 8 r- J. 0. Inglis's b f Brenda, 3 yrs, 7s t 61b Mr 4 ni '" . - Mullett 0 r- A. Cmrnside's b h Zambesi, 5 yrs, 9st 41b m'' _ .. .. .. " R. Wilson 0 " L. Jellett's br b Richmond, aged, .9st 41b Tir" - . -- -. Barlow 0 1\. Jordan's b f Rivalry, 4 yrs, 8st 9ib 7> .. .. .. Murphy 0 Letting : 5 to 4 on Chester, 5 to 2 agst respite, 5 to 1 agst others. After a vexatious delay at the post, caused cnietiy through the eagerness of Battye, lonarquo jumped away with a commanding 7 followed by Chester and First Water, ambesi whipping in, but before they had gone any distance, Bespite, overpowering his er' rushed to the front, and carried foil j gunning along the back stretch, rkT n order by Monarque, Brenda, trirn t> ai?d First Water. At the far d , Despite was a length in front of tain Rivalry and First Water had lja J bir< and fourth places, Chester falling ord0 ' wben came to the sheds the Cw7asResPite' First Water, Rivalry, and Respite, full of running, then oame thp 'If -!n kis field, and as he entered five i rai be mu6t ha ve had a lead of some engthg of Chester, Rivalry and Monarque i11' ®mPhmh>uJ of the others. Respite led up the straight, but Chester gradually gamed on him, and getting on ! terms within the distance he beat him cleverly, but not easily, by about half a ' ,Monar< le a moderate third, First i Water fourth, Zambesi fifth, and Rivalry , sixth. Tune, 2mm. 12Jsec. , Hotiiam Handicap, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 200 added. The second horse to i ' receive 50 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. out i of the stake. One mile and a half and j a distance. j Mr J. Morrison's brb Wellington, byPanic- Frou . Frou, 5 yrs, 9st 81b .. W.Yeomana 1 j Mr. J Whittingham's b m Prattle, 6 yrs, 6st 91b Hon. Jas. White's b c The Pontifi, 4 yrsf 8st ; Mr. "a7. A. Long's b c Avernus, 4 yrs, 8st 81b 8 i Mr. R. H. Yallances's br g'cambaUo,„6 yrsfst -vr'r a" « i " u- " "" Clifford 0 Mr. J.Austin's brg Pimpampa, aged, 7st lllb n ' . ; . -- R.Walker 0 Mr. W. S. Cox's cb g imperial, aged, 7st 71b i tr " T wr - , " ; T " , . s- Davis 0 ; Mr. J. Morrison's cb c Lowlander, 4 yrs, 7st 01b .. .. . _ . Trahan 0 | Mr. E. E. Jones's cb b Soothsayer, 5 yrs, 7st 31b i , ; . Williamson 0 Mr. -J. Lees s g b Coongoola, 5 yrs, 6st Sib \- - - - - Burton j Mr. T. Jordan's b h Don Carlos, 5 yrs., 7st 2ib 0 | Betting : 2 to 1 against Wellington, 4 to 1 ! against The Pontiff, 10 to 1 against Don ; Carlos and Coongoola, 20 to 1 agst Cam- ! ballo. j As soon as the flag was lowered, Sooth- ! sayer shot out with a clear lead, followed by Coongoola, Avernus, Wellington, and Prattle, | and so they ran past the stand, where Cam- | ballo was running last, a position which he , ; occupied for the best part of the journey, 1 thus proving that there was some grounds I for the long price offered against him. j Rounding the turn, Coongoola and Sooth- ! sayer were running side by side, a length in front of Avernus, Prattle, and Wellington, I who were also together, but Soothsayer ; again assumed a lead of the grey horse, | and then followed Prattle, two lengths | away, with Pontiff and Wellington ; heading the others. There was no material | alteration as they ran past the railway | bridge and river, and at the abattoirs Sooth - ; sayer .was half a length in front of Coon- ! goola, with Prattle, Wellington, Avernus, and Pontiff running as named ; but as they swept round the bend Prattle ; headed Soothsayer, Pontiff and Wellington ! going on third and fourth.Entt-ring the straight Prattle, Wellington, Pontiff, and Soothsayer were almost together, but once within the ! rails Prattle came away, closely followed by Wellington, and the mare had a trifle the best of it all the way until within two strides of the winning post, when Wellington caught and beat her by barely half a head, on the post, The Pontiff a good third, Soothsayer fourth, Coongoola fifth, Don Carlos sixth, and Cam- ballo seventh. Time, 2min. 53£sec. Mambyrnong Plate, a sweepstakes of 30 sovs. each, with 500 added. For two- year-olds — colts, 8st. 101b. ; fillies, Sst. 51b. The second horse to receive 200 sovs. and the third 100 sovs. out of the stake. Five furlongs. (126 subs.) Mr. J. Wagner's b c Welcome Jack, by Bethnal Green— Colleen Bawn . . W. Yeomans f 1 Mr. J. Hart's b f Lavinia, by Talk o' the Hill- Nancy . . . . . . Wyman t 1 Mr. T. Chirnside's gr f Spinningdale, by Mari- byrnong— Sappho . . . . . . Pigott 3 > Mr. J. O. Inglis's br f Rhea .. Aspinall 0 Mr. W. Branch's b 1 Royal Maid . . St. Albans 0 j Mr. W. Branch's b c Baltic . . Walker 0 i Mr. T. Chirnside's cbf Werribee .. B.Wilson 0 Mr. R. Howie's b c The Duke . . T. Hales 0 ! Mr. T. Chirnside's cb £ Billilla . . O'Brien 0 Sir. W. Pearson's b f Spite . . Davis 0 Sir. S. Gardiner's br c Coriolanna Braithwaite 0 Mr. C. T. Roberts's br c The Exeter . . ..... .. .. W.Nicholson 0 Mr. F. Wentworth's br c Mistletoe. . . .. .. .. Williamson 0 Mr. T. Rntledge's b £ Moneta . . Connor 0 Mr. J. White's b c Monmouth . . Huxley 0 Mr. J. White's br f Etna (late Rosetta' James 0 ; Mr. J. Mayo's b c The Gem . . Gaghan 0 Mr. E. De Mestre's b f Laputa . . Ramsay 0 : Mr. E. De Mestre's br c Gudarz .. Kean 0 ; Mr. E. Lee's br c Somerset .. Colley 0 Mr. E. Lee's b £ Shipka . . Lawson 0 Mr. W.B. Rouusevell's b £ if enrietta. .Gaghan 0 Mr. C. L. Macdonald's b c The Israelite Kilduff 0 : Mr. T. Walker's br or.ro c The Moor. . Sutherland 0 ; Mr. W. Pile's br or ro c Spector _ . . Campbell 0 ! Mr. P. B. Coglin's b or ro £ Rustic Lass i . . . . . . . . . . Chalker 0 ; Mr. R. Love's b c Topaz .. .. Clifford 0 \ Betting : 4 to 1 agsi Monmouth, S to 1 each agst Somerset and The Duke, 10 to 1 each agst Spinningdale, The Duke, and Royal Maid, 20 to 1 each agst Welcome Jack, Spector, Lavinia, The Israelite, and others. : The youngsters were sent away to what ' appeared to be a fair start, the colours of Monmouth, The Duke, and Rhea being tbe : most conspicuous as tliey left the starter; but . at the tan crossing Henrietta showed a bold front, with The Duke, Spite, and The Israelite : running at the head of the others. Near the distance post Welcome Jack suddenly shot out from the centre of the field, and Topaz, on the outside, looked dangerous, with Spin- ; ningdale, Somerset, Coriolanus, The Duke, : | and Spite occupying good positions; but Welcome Jack apparently had the race in : band until the last 100 yards, when Lavinia ! came up under the judge's box, and, catching ! the leader in the last few strides, succeeded ! in making a dead heat of it, Spinningdale i third, a length behind the second horse, i Somerset fourth, Royal Maid fifth, Monmouth ; sixth, Spite, The Israelite, and The Duke coming next. Time, lmin. osec. The repre- ssntatives of the owners of Welcome Jack and Lavinia agreed to divide the stakes. WINNERS OF THE MARIBYRNONG PLATE. J I s fe Winner. I Pedigree. Time « I >i j JC : j : ! " m. s. , 1871 Argil? Sc'ndal Ace of Clubs— Lady Heron -- - J 1872!Dagmar . . Maribyruong — Nigbtl't 1 b 12 1873Stockbridge. . Stockbam — Granny .. 1 a Al I874|Maid of All ... , o oo | Work .. King Allred— Mischief.. 22 1875 Newuiioster.. The Marquis— Spa -- l » » 1876 Habena . - Yattendon— A‾ . . 1 21 1877 Vulcan . . Yattendon— Montana .. 1 1878 Nellie . -iTim Whiffler— Sappho., l o 1879 Palmyra .. Maribynong— Fawn l 4 tWelc'me J'ckj Bethnal Green — Colleen issn Bawn „ ,1' 1 5J27 1880 +Lavinia ..Talk of the Hill— j Nancy .. Private watches made it Imi'i. 5sec. f Welcome Jack and Lavinia ran a dead near, ana tbe owners agreed to divide. Essendon Stakes, a sweepstake of 10 sovs. each, with 150 added. Weight for age. Two miles. Mr. A. Finlay's b f Western Princess, by King of Ring — Seaspray, 8 yrs, 6st 41b . . P. St. Albans 1 Mr. R. Howie's br c Lothair, 8 yrs, 7st 41b .. S.Cracknell 2 Betting : 5 to 4 on Western Princess. The horses were started in a heavy shower of rain, which neither of them cared to face. Lothair made the running a neck in advance of Western Princess for about a mile and a half, nnt.il they came near the sheds, where he ran off the course, leaving Western Prin cess to canter home at her leisure, Lothair, who was soon straightened by Cracknell, coming in aboat 100 yards behind. Victoria Derby, a sweepstakes of '25 sovs. each, with 500 added. For three- year-olds — colts, 8st. 101b. ; fillies, 8st. 51b. The second horse to receive 100 sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stakes. One mile and a half. (117 subs.) Mr. W. A. Long's b c Grand Flaneur, by Yatten don — First Lady . . . . . . T. Hal is 1 Mr. W. Branch's b c Progress, by Angler— Go qnette . . . . . . . . St. Alban'g 2 Mr. W. Rawlinson's b c Mulatto, by Hamlet — Blooming Heather .. .. O'Brien 3 Mr. H. J. Bowler's gr f Britannia . . Yeomans 0 Mr. H. G. Glassford's b cDougalston. .. Barlow 0 Mr. S. Mahon's br c Heron - . . . Walker 0 Mr. J. White's b or br f Sapphire . . Huxley 0 Mr. R. L. Rossi's br c Lord Lisgar .. Thomas 0 Mr. E. De Mestre's b c Orient . . Ramsay 0 Mr. W. Pile's br c Rothschilb . . Wyman 0 Sir. J. Whittingham's b c Chatterer Thompson 0 Betting : 5 to 4 agst Progress, 6 to 4 agst Grand Flaneur, o to 1 agst Sapphire, 10 to 1 agst Orient, 15 to 1 others. After an unnecessary delay at the post, amidst a pelting shower of rain, Orient and Mulatto were the first away, but when they had settled down to their places, Progress rah up to Mulatto, and the pair rounded the turn together, some distance in advance of Grand Flaneur, Orient, Lord Lisgar, and Sapphire. Progress then shot out with a decisive lead of Mulatto and Grand Flaneur, with Orient on the outside; Sapphire and Heron holding good position, and Rothschild whipping in, and thus they ran with very little alteration past the railway bridge and to the abattoirs, Rothschild last, beaten off. The leader then appeared to have the race in hand, as he was pulling two double three lengths in front of Mulatto, with GrandFlaneur, Sapphire, and Orientliead- ing the others, who were a long way out of it, of it, but at the sheds Grand Flaneur rah up to Progress, and the pair drew right away frcm the field, which was headed by Mulatto and Sapphire. Entering the straight Grand Flaneur was just a head in advance of Pro gress, with Mulatto, Orient, and Sapphire coming next, any distance behind, and a great struggle ensued. The Sydney horse, how ever, had always the best of it, and Progress tiring a little at the last, Grand Flaneur won rather comfortably by hardly a length, Mulatto, ten lengths away, third, Sapphire fourth, Lord Lisgar fifth, Heron sixth, Britannia seventh, and Chatterer and Roths child bringing up the rear. Time, 2min. 44sec. WINNERS OF THE VICTORIA DERBY. .11 | I p £ Winner. Pedigree. g I o r m. s.j 1860|Flving Colours. . Dolo— Sbeil-na-Guira .3 2 4 1861 Camden .. Conrad, or Warhawk— f Calliope . . . . 2 53 J 7 1862|Barwon . . Boiardo — Jeanette . . 2 59 i 6 186SjOriflamme . . Boiardo— Tricolor . . 3 3 j 7 1864 Jbr c Lantern .. Muscovado-Nigbtlight 2 58 i 4 1865|b c Angler ..Fisherman — Marchio- j | ness . . . . 2 51 4 1866;b f Seagull . . Fisherman — Omen . . 3 .4(3 1867l b c Fireworks .. Kelpie — Gaslight . . 2 56 i 5 1868 b e Fireworks .. Kelpie — Gaslight .. 2 58 ! 5 1869;b f My Dream . . Fisherman— Nightlight 2 48 9 1869jb c Charon ..Ferryman — Juliet .. 2 5517 1870ib f Florence . . Boiardo — Rose of Den- i mark .. .. 3 0 j 7 1S71 br 1 Miss Jessie.. Maribyrnong — Musi- | dora . . . . 2 49 ! 7 1872jb c Loup Garou.. Lord of Linne — Hebe .|2 46 ! 8 1873 b c Lapidist . . Fireworks — Chrysolite :2 51|T1 1874 b c Melbourne . . Panic — Myth . . 2 46 11 1875 b or br c . . Fireworks — Sylvia . . ;2 48 40 1876 br f Briseis . . TimWbiflier-Musidorai2 43 8 1877 b or br c Chester Ya. tendon-Lady Ches-1 i ter . . . . ;2 43 12 1878 br c Wellington.. Panic — Frou Frou ..12 47 j 6 1879 Suwarrow . . Snowcen — Phizgig . . 2 43 13 1880 GrandFlaneur.. Yattendon — FirstLadyi2 44 111 Maiden Steeplechase, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, with 200 added. For horses which have never won a steeplechase. About two miles and a quarter. Mr. R. Howie's b g Gippslander, 4 yrs, by Smug gler, lOst 31b . . . . . Scobie 1 Mr. P. Glenister's b g Verdi, 5 yrs, list 81b .. H. Chifney 2 Mr. W. Bailey's b or br b Helmet, 5 yrs, list 81b . S. Floyd 3 Mr. H. S. Posse's br g Mariner, 6 yrs, 12st 31b . . Sirnms 0 Mr. J. Blair's br g Novelist, aged, I2st 31b G. Cripps 0 1 Mr. H. Burrell's ch b Actress, 6 yrs, list 12lb . . _ - . . . . . J. Watson 0 Betting : 5 to 4 on Helmet, 4 tc 1 agst Yerdi, 5 to 1 agst others. Gippslander was the first to show, but Actress, ioliowed by Manner and Helmet, soon took up the running, Verdi going on the actual, last. At the third obstacle Helmet, who was going very strong and well at the time, . fell, and as Actress and Novelist baulked at the next fence at the side of the training- ground, this left Gippslander with a slight lead, of Mariner, Verdi third, ten lengths away. There was littte to choose between the leaders as they came to and passed the tand, but at the log fence Mariner fell, and though he was quickly remounted, he was, of course, passed by Verdi and Helmet, who had made up his lost ground in a surprising manner. Gippslander led Verdi by some five lengths all round the course, and though the latter occasionally lessened the gap, he in variably lost ground at the fences, and Gippslander ultimately beat him with the utmost ease by about a length, Helmet, who was not placed by the judge, cantering in third, a long way behind. Time, 5min. 31sec. CUP DAY. Once again the Melbourne Cup is a thing of the past. The event has been more anxiously looked forward to this year than any of its predecessors, and everybody seemed to be impressed with the idea that there would be a larger attendance than on any previous Cup day, and for once everybody was right. That which goes so much to mttlrA or mar al fresco entertainments — the weather — has been so changeable during the last month, that great anxiety was felt by all interested in Tuesday's doings, whether from the prospect of a monetary loss, or the loss of a day's pleasure. The sudden change in the elements on Saturday last in creased the anxiety, and it must have been very reassuring and gratifying to all persons when | Tuesday morning dawned so bright and j fair. The city and suburbs were fairly alive j at an early hour, and before 7 o'clock in tbe morning heavy carts, spring- vans and other 1 conveyances, with their living freight of j pleasure-seekers, were en route to Flemington, whilst the late slumberers were roused by the incessant cry of " Erect card o' the races." The Vice-regal party arrived shortly before 1 o'clock, his Excellency the Governor, as usual, handling the ribbons, and driving his splendid team of four bays up the straight at a good pace. His Excellency was cheered all the way up the course, and bowed his j acknowledgments. The Vice-regal party, ' which consisted of the Marchioness of Nor- ? manby, the Duke of Manchester, Sir William j and Lady Jervois, Misses (two) and Mr. Jervois, Sir A. Kennedy. Governor of Queens- ! land) Captain Le Patourel, Miss M'Intyre, ' and Mr. Howard, were received by the ; stewards of the V.R.C., and conducted by Captain Standish (the president) to the Vice regal box. The best view of the stand and lawn, backed by the hill, with the fiat in the foreground, was obtained shortly before the starting of the big event. Such a sight has never before been witnessed at Flemington. All eyes were turned in one direction, and it was a study to watch the countenances of the dense mass as they anxiously waited for the bell to announce the start. Some of the gentlemen looked the picture of misery as they consulted " their books," whilst a pleasant contrast was pre sented by the bright and smiling faces of the ladies. Every vantage point was taken pos session of by the spectators, the stone walls on the flat, the tops of fences, the seats on the lawn, and the tops of the vehicles in the paddock. The anxiety was not of long dura tion as the bell has hardly done ringing before the horses are sweeping up the straight past the stand, and in a little over three minutes all is over, and the Derby winner has once again defeated the St, Alban's crack. A few cheers greeted the Sydney representative as he passed the post, and returned to weigh-in, but there was an absence of throwing of hats in the air, and other indications of joy from the bookmakers, usual when a rank outsider pulls off the big event. After the Cup was over, a large number of persons left for the city, and all were safely brought in without accident, the last train arriving a little after 7 o'clock. THE LAWN. Of the many thousands who go to Flemington on the Cup day, probably not half the number care a fig for the actual racing, and some there be who hardly know the name of a single horse. But all go to seek pleasure in some form or other, aud for the fair sex there is, perhaps, no more inno cent or complete gratification than the prac tice of the art and science of beauty. The promenade on the lawn after the luncheon hour is for them the central attraction of the Cup day, and woe be to the unwary bachelor who ventures unclad in the armour of indifference within range of the arrows with which the chubby, rosy god makes the air thick on these occasions. On Tuesday, all accompaniments were pro pitious to the success of his warfare. " No mist obscured ; nor cloud, nor speck, nor stain, Broke the serene o£ heaven. In full orbed glory, Phoebus all divine, Rolled thro' the dark blue depths." A bright sun, an almost cloudless sky in the early morn, a light cool breeze and no dust — these ought to have brought the ladies out in full force — and in numbers it did not fail to do so, but most of them relied on their personal charms, rather than their millinery accessories. Indeed, to be candid, we never saw " the lawn " so plainly and simply dressed. Per haps it was the unsettled weather last week, and the pluvial warning last Saturday, that made them coy ; or, perhaps, the tours de force at the Exhibition opening day " took the gilt off the gingerbread" ; or cynics may, perhaps, in these hard times, quote the res augusta. Be this as it may, our foreign friends and European commissioners certainly did not on Tuesday get a true idea of the wonted glories of the Flemington lawn. Of the taste and elegance of Aus tralian ladies' adornments, there were, hewever, many admirable exponents. We may note a few of the gorgeous examples of Melbourne plumage. " Old gold" was a favourite colour, and satin the prevailing material. One young leader of the ton in St. Kilda wore a satin underskirt of this nature, surmounted by a polonaise of " biscuit" silk, with most artistic shirred sleeves. She car ried a parasol to match, edged with white and gold lace. A young and handsome mar ried lady appeared in a " harmony" of car dinal satin and cream damasse, richlv blazoned with gold embroidery, and shaded from the sun by a Japanese parasol. Trains were very few and far between, and perhaps this had something to do with the more meagre appearance of the prome nade than usual. Of these trainless short skirts, the prettiest one was worn by one of « a trio of Collins street beauties. It was of I dark blue peacock satin, adorned, dado i fashion, with autumn wreaths of crewel work. Still shorter dresses were worn by two pretty | little children, with very shapely ankles. | They were of white beige, with geranium ; coloured bows, and silk clocked stockings of the same bright colour. One golden haired belle had get herself up as a bush magpie, in a piebald arrangement of black and white satin, ornamented by one . simple "brass band" round a very slight : waist. Three sisters, who can sing' as " harmoniously as they can dress, had wisely ! bethought themselves of the advantage of i arranging their colours so as not to kill each | other in company. The material was satine, and the three colours— cream, Cambridge blue, and chocolate brown. A St. Kilda beauty was resplendent in a delicate cream- coloured damasse, most elegantly decorated I with deep pansy-colcured velvet bows and etceteras, the brilliancy of the dress being heightened by the sobriety of the light- grey. racing coat of the gentleman who accompanied her. A striking costume was of green satin, with vandyked puffs of : white, and a long train a la Princesse. The wearer had a great deal of white lace about ; her,, and was always associated with a com panion in a maize pompadour and " salad dressing " underskirt. A wealthy young heiress wore claret satin bodice, with long cream-coloured damass5 train, and a large bunch of natural roses artistically chosen to match the. two colours. White was much in vogue, and the prettiest example was on a young lady of petite figure, who looked some thing between a bride and a beguine . She had a short walking dress of white llama, with a long graceful Watteau plait depending from her shoulders. A soft snowy white fur cap and wristbands completed the tiolette, with a narrow gold fringe round the edge of the skirt, balanced in colour by a massive gold cross and simple cable-pattern chain round her neck. A taller lady, evidently her sister, by her side, wore heliotrope beige, on a statuesque figure, with pleated dove-coloured satin underskirt. There was one burlesque group which evi dently had Abraham for their father ; a dowager Semitic in staring maize, accom panied by a slight little damsel in long . lavender satin French robe, with such a tight- fitting pull-back that progress was perforce slow and solemn, but kickey and jerky. The pair walked sandwich fashion with some fast youths in the lignest of grey sarfcouts, and the slimiest of dove- coloured plush hats. This quintet attracted a good deal of notice, and were, a source of great amusement from the conscious dignity they assumed. The generality of the men were much better dressed than usual, black frock coats and grey trousers predominating. THE RAIL. The railway was more largely patronised than on any former occasion, and notwith standing the great demand that was made upon the arrangements of the department, no liiteh whatever occurred, and the public was transmitted to the course with the greatest possible expedition. Of course a good deal of crushing occurred, but this arose from the unreasonableness and impetuosity of the public rather than from the railway ar rangements. The traffic on Tuesday by rail is officially estimated at 56,491, as against 43,005 last year. .In 1878, tbe number of persons who travelled by rail to the course was 37,060, but it was estimated that a large number who proceeded to Newmarket and Footscray walked to the' course, and consequently the traffic was materially in creased. In 1S7S, the traffic to Newmarket was 1,407, and to Footscray 4,083, making up a total of 42,550. In 1879, the figures were increased as follow: — Direct to Fle mington, 35,209 ; Newmarket, 2,017 ; Foots cray, 5,869, making up a total of 43,005. Tuesday, the totals were : — Dire ct to Flem ington, 46,374; Footscray, 7,649; New market, 2,468, making up the total of 56,491. The great increase in the traffic did not in the slightest possible degree 'hamper the general business of the deprrtment, and the ordinary and special country trains were despatched without hitch or hindrance. THE RACING Was, as usual, introduced with the Maiden Plate, which bronght half a dozen horses to the post, and as Orient had run fairly well in the Derby, he was made an immense favourite ; Heron, who had also figured pro minently for a time in the race for the " blue ribbon." also receiving some support from the backers of horses. Exeter made the pace very merry for about a mile and a quarter, when he was joined by Orient and Heron, but the latter died off at the end, and Orient, finishing as strong as alion, very easily defeated the New South Wales outsider at the last. A field of seven went to the post for tie Rail way Stakes, and notwithstanding that Monarque had a 71b. penalty, his friends rallied round him so spiritedly, that he went out a great favourite at even money, Master Avenel and Dougalston, however, having' many supporters. Public opinion was not very far out, as after Sylvan, Cynic, and British Queen had alternately cut out the work, Dougalston ran to the head of affairs, and Monarque joining him a few strides from home, a dead heat ensued ; Chatterer, who had always occupied a prominent position, a moderate third. As the respective owners of Monarque and Dougalston agreed to divide the stake, the ded heat was not run off, much to the chagrin of these who had hacked Monarque at even money, as they, of course, did not receive anything, notwithstanding that the horse had run a dead heat for first place. Twelve two-year-olds came to the post for the Kensington Stakes, and backers of horses, bearing in mind the manner in which The Duke had landed the Criterion Stakes at Caulfield some little time ago, were not chary in supporting him, with the result that he started at the short price of 2 to 1, Baltic and Annie Firmin coming next in public estimation. Public opinion was not very far out, as The Duke verv cleverly defeated Baltic and My Lord ; but the victory was not a very profitable one to his owne- as he had to buy him in at £480, an advanr« ot £148 above his entered selling price. After the excitement over this had calmed down public attention was of course turned to the great event of the year, the Melbourne Cup for which, contrary to the general opinion no less than twenty-two horses came to the post a number which contrasts very favour- ably with those of previous years. ProgrecB and Grand Flaneur, of course, absorbed the most attention as they were being saddled up and both of them, particularly the former j was voted to be. as fit as hands could make' I hpf m " V/ too, was never so fit I fn,j llfe' nd Httle could fee I d the condition of such horses as i Mata, Bosworth, Auckland, ' First Water ! a«jwell, Lothair, and old Richmond, vho 1 o L ! Way' appeared to so much advantage as he did yesterday. The mho I was a splendid one throughout, as the field | pan nearly in a body all the way, Totalisator Progress, Riverton, and then Progress ai»m alternately cutting out the running ? quarter of a mile run home the ro«n predicted in Monday's issue oiThe%aito Telegraph , was virtually a the two three jear-oldsipLtl o Progress, and though the very gamely, Grand Flaneur hS rtf"88 virtually in hand at the fetan« jr <3 «? fimsh - . , x jusuncd the confidAniiA - iSthah Sd .«? be . ngriii; to and Richmond also ran welL buk uqfletelyjmc <niv he received wbei1 the were at the pos , -and the gallant old horse cantered home an ignominious last. Grand Flaneur, by his briuiant victory yesterday, has thus emulated the good deeds of Lantern Briseis, and Chester, who won the Derby and Gup of their respective years, and as of late years the three-year-olds are beginning to run so forward for our great spring handicap the handicapper will probably find it neces sary to make a little more concession in favour of the aged and moderate division. ' The victory of Grand Flaneur was anything but a palatable one to the bookmakers, as he was backed for eome thousands of pounds ; both straight oat and in doubles, and many of the metaUicians will have great reason to remember the Derby and Gap victory of Grand Flaneur. Another dead heat resulted In the Darling Stakes, as the judge could not separate Supple Jack and Latrobe, though some people thought that the former had pulled through by a head, and as hi the Hail way Stakes, the owners agreed to divide. A numerous field came to the pdst for the A an Tean Stakes, Prattle, on the strength of her running on the Derby Day, being freely supported, and the Net? Zealand horse Cam ballo also receiving a large measure of sap- port from the visitors from Maori land. Prattle singled herself out a quarter of a mile from home, and won very cleverly from Master Avenel and The Pontiff ; but Cam ballo, like Mata in the Cnp, shaped very in differently, and judging from their perform ances, both horses must have suddenly gone off. The racing all through was of a parti cularly exciting character, especially in connection with the Cup, Railway Stakes, and Darling Stakes, and though the officials, as usual, performed their duties to the satis faction of those present, we are sorry to have to say that in several instances Mr. Watson did not send the horses away in the manner that he should have. Appended is a detailed account of the racing : — Maiden Plate, a Eweepstakes of 10 sovs. etch, with 200 added. Weight for age. One mile and a half. "Mr. E. de Mestre's b c Orient, by The Marquis — Sunrise, 3 yrs, 7st 91b .. .. Riley 1 3Ir. J. Fiteroy's b or br c Exeter, 8 yrs, 7st 91b . . #i DfiTis 2 Mr. S. Mahon's br c Heron, 3 yrs, 7st 91b \-- _ . -- - R.Wallrer 3 Mr. Andrews's cli c Towncley, 3 yrs, 7st 81b \- - . . . . . ... I veiny 0 Mr. J. Bathe's b c. Incognito, 3 yrs, 7si 91b \-- .. .-. Barlow 0 Mr J. Harper's g f Josephine, 3 tts, 7st 41b .. .. .. .. Williamson 0 Betting : 5 to 4 on Orient, 3 to 1 agst Heron, 5 to 1 agst others. ! A straggling start , was effected, Josephine j jumping away with a clear lead of Orient and Incognito, but as they went round the turn, j Exeter came out with a good lead of Towneley, I Orient and Josephine being side by side, with j Heron whipping in. Exeter had a two lengths' lead of Orient and Josephine as they sailed along the back, with Towneley, Incog nito, and Heron running as named. At the j far turn Orient ran up second, and at j the sheds he challenged the leader, and the j pair came round the turn together, Heron ! by that time having ran up second, Towneley ! going on fourth, and Josephine next. I Entering the straight Orient, Exeter, and j Heron were together, but the first-named j came away at the half distance, and i beat Exeter very cleverly by a length and a | half; Heron, two lengths away, third; Towneley fourth, Incognito fifth, and Josephine last. Time, 2min. 44£sec. Railway Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 added. Winner of any race (not a handicap) of the value of 100 sovs. to carry 71b. extra ; of two or mora such races, 141b. extra. One mile and a quarter, i Mr. F. Leng's b h Monarque, by Irish King — Etoile du Sub, 5 yis, 9si I01b (including 71b penalty) .. .. .. .. Barlow % 1 Mr.' G. Tattersall'e b c Dongalston, by The Mar quis—Lady Manners Sutton, 3 yrs, 7st 12ib. . .. .. -- .. .. King % 1 Mr. J. Wliittingham's br c Chatterer, 3 yrs,7st 121b . . Carter 3 Mr. T. Ivory's b h Master Avenel, 5 yrs, 9st 31b P. Pigott 0 Mr. R. Andrews's b c Cynic. 3 yrs, 7st 121b . . Ivemy 0 Mr. W. A. Long's ch f Sylvan, 3 yrs, 7st 71b Gainsford 0 Mr. P. B. Coglin's b f British Queen, 3 yrs, 7st 71b Tierney 0 Betting : Even money on Monarque, 2 to 1 agst Master Avenel, 4 to 1 agst Dougalston, 5 to 1 agst others. Sylvan got the best of the start, but as, soon as they had settled down into their places Cynic took a strong lead of British Queen, Chatterer and Sylvan coining next, with Monarque and Master Avenel bringing up the rear. As they ran along the back of the course, British Queen and Chatterer shot out with a clear lead of Cynic andDougalston, and as they came round the bend of the course, Master Avenel came up on the out side and began to look dangerous. Entering the rails, Chatterer, Dougalston, and Master Avenel were on terms, with Monarque tread ing on their heels, but as they caine along the straight, Dougalston had a clear lead of Chatterer and Monarque, the others beaten off. Inside the distance, Monarque looked like winning, bnt the three-year old coming again with great determination, the pair ran a dead heat for first place, Barlow, on Monarque, not finishing in his own resolute style. Chatterer was a bad third, Master Avenel fourth, Cynic fifth, British Queen sixth, and Sylvan last. Time, 2min. 14sec. The owners agreed to divide after a notifica tion was posted on the boards that the dead- lieat would be inn off after the last race. Kensington Stakes, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, with 2G0 added. For two-year-olds. The winner to be sold for 300 sovs. Five furlongs. Mr. R. Howie' b c The Duke, by King Cole — Frou Frou, 8st 51b . . . . . . . . Hales 1 Mr./W. Branch's b c Baltic, by King of the Ring — SeRspray, fist 51b . . .. St. Albans 2 ' Mr. J. Whittingham's b e My Lord, by The Peer — Minnie Warren, 8at-51b. . .. ..Carter 3; Mr. E. de Mestre's b c Paul, 8st Sib . . Ramsay O Mr. T. Jones's b'c Liberator, 8st 5Lb .. King 0 : f Ir. J. Mayo's b c The Gem, fist 51b . . Roarty 0 e;irT- Elder's ch c Shyiock, fist 51b . . G'Brien O j jLTr h. Haines's b f Queen Mary, fist . Williamson U ; Boe'H 1- r 83iipiifl-.8nl .. Coiioy 0 y-'-' \i\ PHks eh t Annie Firmin, fist . . Wycuiun 0 i t i b or i>ri Her Maje-ty, 8si Braithwaito 0 ! \- Ne.'svn .. .. Richavds . C Petting: 2 to I agst The Duke, 3 to 1 rgst Baltic 4 to 1 agst Annie Firmin, 5 to 1 agst She Gem. 10 to I agst others. ; Liberator, Anme Firmm. The Duke, r.uem Mary, arto Shyiock appeared the f cr/t pw3v, and . Annie Firram , '".inaih ' hirrit »"' ... "3 . «il fc0<u .. ' p.y. Inside the distance, .ik rka rnck with a great Jim. and Baltic also suddenly shot Obfc 'on the stand side of the rails ; JbUt life could never overtake the leader, wbfe beat him cleverly by about a length; My Lord a bad third, Her Majesty fourth, Queen Mary fifth, The Gem sixth, and Liberator seventh. Time, Imin. 4£see. The winner was bought in for £480. Mei.bocene Cup, a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each; with 500 added. The second horse 200 sovs., and the third 100 sovs. out ! ' of the stake. Two miles. (109 subs.) j Mr. W. A. Long's b c Grand Flaneur, by Yatten- don— First Lady, 3 yrs, 6st 101b .. Hales 1 Mr. W. Branch's b c Progress, by Angler— f ! Coquette, 3 vrs, 5ct 101b (including 81b. penalty) _ ! fel. AibabB 2; Mr. F. R. L. Rossi's br li Lord Eurgtley, bv Yat- tendon— Miss Constance-, 5 jre, Tst 51b . . Pigott 3 : Hon. -J. White's b h Chester, 6 yrs, 9si 61b Huxley 0 ! Mr. T. Jones's br h woodlands, 6 yrs, 7st 10?b .. .. . King 0 Mr-. S.'euett's br k Bosworth, 6 yrs, fist Bib Walker 0 Sir T. Elder's br k Darriwell, 6 yrs, fist 71b O'Brien ? Hon. J. White's br k Martindale, € yrs, Sst Tib .. Cotiuor 0 1 Mr. R. H. Yallanoe's b g Mate, 6 yrs, fist 21b . - .... ... Clifford o " Mr. W. Pliers eh C First Water, 3 yrs, 83t lib r .. . . Campbell 0 ; Me. C. L. STDonald's b g Banter, aged, 7st 131b .-- . .. Gaghan 0 j Mr. E. Jellctt's br k Richmond, aged, 7st 121b .. .. .. .. 'Barlow 0 Mr. T. Jordan's b f Rivalry, 4 yrs, 7st 81b ; . . . . . . . . Murphy 0 ' Mr. J. Mayo's ch h Secundus,4yrs, 7st 101b (ia- ; eluding 31b penalty) . . ... Roarty 0 ; Mr. W. H. Keut's br h Napper Tandy, 5 yrs, 7st lib .. .. .. .. Williameon 0 Mr. J. Whitticgham's b h Biverton, 5 yrs, 7st ! . . .. ... .. Burton 0 Mr. J. Ei Saville's br li The Wandering Jew. 4 yrs ?Efc .i, . . . " " Kilduff 0 ' Mr. j. Mayo's ch h Elastic, 4 yrs, 6st- 181b n .. .. .. Emswortk 0 \- Mr. E. Wam'sb h Auckland, 6 yrs, 6st8lb (in- f eluding 31b penalty) . . . . Nicholson 0 j Mr. W. Pile's b or br c Rothschild, 3 yrs, Sst 41b 1 .. .. .. . - Quinn 0 | Mr. R, Howie's b c Lothair, 3 yrs 6st. . Cracknell 0 Mr. J. H. Hill's br c Totalisator, 3 yrs, 6st 91b j .. .. .. .. Bowes 0 Betting : 4 to 1 agst Progress. 5 to 1 agst Grand Flaneur, 6 to 1 each agst Lord ; Burghley and Mata, 8 to 1 agst Auckland, 10 < to 1 agst Darriwell, 100 to 5 others. After a little delay at the post, a ca'pital | start was effected, the colours of Chester, Lo- | I thair, Riverton, and Grand Flaneur being the j most conspicuous as the ciosely-packed field | approached the stand, at what appeared to i be a rather moderate pace Passing the | stand, Totalisator led, closely followed by : Lothair, Progress. Napper Tandy, Auckland, : and Rivert-ou, and the . rest close up, with ! little to choose between them, except that | Darriwell was evidently in trouble. As they i made the turn, Progress took the lead, with I Totalisator, Chester, Grand Flaneur, Lothair, | Rivalry, and Auckland lying at the head | of a closely-packed field, Secundus the j actual last, but as they neared the , ' railway bridge, Lothair ran up to Progress, | Riverton, Lord Burghley, and Grand Flaneur | snowing most prominently of the others, | with Bosworth, Darriwell, and Elastic a long way in the rear. Approaching the abattoirs, Riverton suddenly took the lead, with Progress, Lothair, Lord Burghley, Grand Flaneur, and Richmond, running as named, but Mr. Whittingham's horse shot his bolt be fore they reached the sheds, where Progress was again in front, with Grand Flaneur, Lothair, Lord Burghley, and oldRichmond heading the field. As they rounded the turn for home, Lord Burghley, Progress, and Grand Flaneur were together in front, the former next the rails, Progress in the middle, Grand Flaneur on the outside, Lothair, Chester, and Richmond next, close up. At this point Grand Flaneur was going as strong as a lion, and had the race virtually won, for he came : up -the straight with a slight lead, without j Hales moving on him, and although St. : Albans, on Progress, and Pigott, on Lord j Burghley. made desnerate efforts.it was of no i avail, the grand son of Tattendon and First j Lady winning easily by about a length. Lothair. who ran a good horse, was fourth; Richmond j fifth, Chester sixth, Martindale seventh, ! Auckland eighth, Banter ninth, Mata tenth, ; and Rivalry eleventh, Darriwell cantering in j the actual last. Time, 3min. 34|sec. j WINNERS OF THE MELBOURNE CUP. j |_s I_l J_1 f-l i-i |-l l-i i-i >— i (-1 l-i »-l ' 1-1 l-l I— » i— 1 W I j ccQcccoccoa:o:cc3ccccoaEQC3;a:ncccaca:a3 j Year ! GC -J — 5 -3 -a — 3 — a -3 c; «rs ci ex ci si c; c; ca J ; cecc-a«Cii»t5>-oocD-ac:wiKBM T j <= ' -ij' £ p.® lc == s ® o ; o £ 53 3 <£ S" e® ? I £ BJ 135 S ; fps H-o O - EO o c s 2 s p i ro e p o o p £ 5 ©5 5.s S-E. 1- Plica®!!"! g R ||E| I O V csctoc:c3Cstf>.i>.CiOiS3 eomP raco og Age »-» rt C2-32c;C3-c;c<i-c;a:coDQ-Jc:ci oo- ... h i—i mw w mh , — Weight, j CiMCecos- siisoocsoaoi-'t-if-'Occi-to-Qcr j ft # j to to cc c<x Started I i-JoScPOUOK)CCQDGOi-03CCC-<JO-3 OWUbCU ( h30Di-=T;a2S;,QC'S2t?'s!C£2o I \- - - S- 5>P= P 33 3 1 g|?#|E|SSri61S2K g . © £.3 o tr < vj i 2 \- « 3 p 3 J t J O « J I : r: : :J J. . ' « | CB CO C3 a to CD CS CD CO CC CO CD OS CD CO 03 CO CC CO CO? S I OBCCCOCCCSCOIXCCWCCCD.COtS.CT.lOln, a | . j Including Sib. penalty. 1 Including 21b. over. i Darling Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. I j each, with 100 added. Weight for age. One mile and a half. The winner to be > sold for 200 sovs. j i Mr.D. Sullivan's bl g Supple Jack, by Manuka, i 6 yrs, 9st 51b . . ... D. O'Snllivan \ 1 | Mr. F. Dalian's be Latrobe, by The Peer— For- i : tress. 3 yrs., 7st 91b .. .. ..Power t 1 : I Mr.W. A> Long's br c Hiidebraudt, 3 yrs-, 7s t 91b ' i .. .. -- - Gainsfocd 3 i Mr" J, R. Farrar's br c Herbert, 3 yrs., 7st 91b 'i \ .. .. 1. ... Yocbhler 0 \ " Mr. J. Crios's ns ch c Austin Elliot, 8 yrs. 7st 9;b i | .. 1. . .. -- Vv. Murpjy 0 ' Mr. -7. H-irx&J;'s g T Josepkiue. 3 >is. Y->t , \- .. .. 0 \ . Belting : Even money on Supple .luck, 2 to. 1 agst Latrobe, 3 to 1 agst Hiidebrandt . 5 to 1 agast others. . | Josephine was quickest on her legs, j j attended by Supple Jack and Latrobe, and as | they ran round the bend past the stand she i s>9 ? fuliy two Icncths in front of Latrobe and Fifdc0r;--iidt, who Were together, Aust-in Ebiot-. Herbe?"t. nntl Supple 'Jack rr.nnirxr; ; as named. Josephine, followed by Latrobe and Hiidebrandt, made the rdnning all the way round the course, but at the turn for i home she compounded, leaving Latrobe with ; the lead, and Hiidebrandt and Supple Jack j in close attendance. Supple Jack gradually j but sorely gained on Latrobe as they came up the straight, and the pair joining issue i 100 yards from home, a dead heat resulted, i amidst a great deal of excitement. Hilde- | brandt was a bad thirds Josephiiie fourth, I Herbert fifth-, and Atistih Elliot last. Time, nifi; 44scc. The respective owners of I Supple jack and Latrobe agreed to divide, ! and so the dead heat was not run off. | Yan Yean Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes ! of 3 sovs. each, with 100 added. For three year old and upwards. One mile. Mr. J. Whirlin pham's b m PratJIe, by Talk of the Hill— Majesty. 5 vrs, 6st 12ib -. Emswortk 1 Mr. T. Ivory's" b h Master Avenel, by Julian Avenel . 5 vrs, Set 61b . . - Pigott 2 Hon. j. White's b h The Pontiff by Tke Drummer to.vn. a _ Ncrton 3 A UC XV UJJf X C Wtto — — Mr. F. Leng's bh Monarque, 5 yrs, 9st 71b, Barlow o Mr. R. H. YallaDce'3 br g Camballo, 6 yrs, Sst 71b Clifford 0 Mr. W. A. Long's br g Trump Yoss, 5 yrs, Sst 51b Hales 0 i Sir T. Elder's ch k Viceroy, 5 yrs, 8st Sib i . . . . - Murphy 0 i Mr. G. O'Brien's br h Bavenswood, 4 yrs, 7st 131b i .. , .. .. Gordon 0 i Mr. J. Austin's br g Pimpampa, aged, 7st 101b ! . , . . . . . . . Walker 0 Mr. W. A. Lone's bl k Gipsy Cooper, 4 yrs, 7st 101b \ .. .. Campbell 0 Mr. J. Tompkin's br k Gonzago, 4 yrs, 7st 101b .. .. .. Williamson 0 Mr." A. Waugk's br m Lady Lilliard, 4 yrs, 7st Sib .. ». .. ". .. Nicholson 0 Mr. J. Mace's b f Haid.ee of the Hills, 3 jts, 7st .. .. .. Burton 0 Mr. F. Tozer's eh m Gossip, 4 yrs, 6st 111b Kilduff 0 Mr. R. H." "Wallace's br m Tide, 4 yrs, 6st 71b \- . , „ . . . - Hughes 0 Mr. K. Lyon's bl h Blantyre, 6 yrs, 6st 31b Cracknell 0 Sir T. Elder's ch f Ursula, 3 yro, 6st 31b Kelly 0 Mr. P. B. Coglin's br f Shadow, 3 yrs, 6st 21b " Pearse 0 Mr. J. Paterson's ch g Wizard, 3 yrs, 6st . . Londondeliy 0 i Mr. P. Bowling's b h Temeraire, 4 yrs, 5st 101b ' . . . . . . . - - - Phillips 0 ! Betting : 3 to 1 each agst Prattle andCarn- ! hallo, 5 to 1 agst Trump Yoss, 6 to 1 agst I Monarque, 10 to 1 agst others, i Immediately the flag was lowered, Gon zago jumped away with the lead, followed by Wizard, Tide, and Prattle, and this four occupied the most prominent positions all round the course. Nearing the turn for home Prattle singled herself out, followed by Trump Yoss, The Pontiff, and Master Avenel, but though the two latter came very well as they ran up the straight, they could never approach Prattle, who beat Master Avenel very easily by about a length, The Pontiff a good third, Trump Yoss fourth, Viceroy fifth, and Lady Lilliard sixth. Time, lmin. 45sec. THE OAKS DAY. j Thursday was an off-day at Flemington, but nevertheless the attendance was about equal to that on Derby Day. His Excellency the Governor, suite, and party, the Duke of Manr.hpatpr. and other notabilities were present. The Austrain Band were in attend ance, and played a fine selection of mnsic. The day was gloriously fine, and the sport as a whole very good. The arrangements, as usual, were perfect. The following is the result of the day's sport Hiibdle- Race, a handicap sweepstakes of 30 sovs. each, with 200 added. About three miles. Mr. M. Longhlin's b k Sir Peter, 4 yrs, 9st 71b . . Corrigan 1 Mr. B. T. Moore's ch h Sarchedon, aged, 9st 81b . . ... . . Bourke 2 Mr. J. Doggan's bl g Nimrod, aged, lOst 101b . .. .. .. .. Cameron 3 i Mr. J. D. Whitehead's b g Star, aged, list 51b . . R. Ross 0 j Mr. J. Rice's b h Marshall, 5 yrs, lOst 121b . . j .. .. .. .. .. M'Braine 0 ; Mr. G. Pyer's g m Norma, aged, lOst 41b . . Hinea 0 : Mr. R. Howie's br k Battle Abbey, aged, 10st 4ib Scobie 0 Mr. R. Hager's ch h Union Jack, aged, lOst 31b . . Mnnroe 0 Mr. B. Coleman's b g Camel, aged, lOst 31b.. \--King 0 Mr. A. Kearney's b m Canezou, aged, 9st ISIb .. .. .. ..Rowe 0 Mr. B. Coleman's b g Abbot, 5 yrs, 9st 111b F. Hill 0 Mr. R. Howie's ch m ZSphyr, 9st 71b .. Richards 0 Mr. P. T. Heywood's b h Dhurringile, 4 yrs, 9st 71b .. .. .. P. T. Heywood 0 Mr. C. F. Fraser's b g Pemberly, 6 yrs, 9st 61b.. .. WaU 0 Mr. D. Wallace's b g Discount, 6 yrs, 9st . . F. Heywood 0 ; Mr. E. Gouch's b h Monitor, 4 yrs, fist 101b .. R. Barlow 0 Betting : 6 to 4 agst Sir Peter, 4 to 1 agst j Dhurringile, 10 to 1 agst others. j A capital start was effected, The Star, ; Durringhile, and Sir Peter showing most i prominently ; but Zephyr immediately cleared out from her field, and had a long lead of Dhurringile, Discount, and Monitor, and the. others as they ran past the stand. Zephyr carried on the running all round the course, and as they came past the stand again she was followed by The Abbot, Dis count, Canezou, The Star, Battle Abbey, Norma, and Sarchedon, with Sir Peter in the rear, but going as strong as a lion. At the back of the course Zephyr still had a commanding lead, but there Monitor and Marshall fell, and as they made for the next turn, Union Jack, Nimrod. and Sarchedon closed on the leader, Sir Peter also beginning to show very prominently. Passing the side of the training- ground, Zephyr struck the hurdle, unseating her rider, and Sir Peter and Sarchedon drew right away from the others, Sarchedon apparently having the best of it until they negotiated the last hurdle in the straight, when Sir Peter ran to the front, and won easily by hardly half a length : Nimrod a oad third, Union Jack fourth, Camel fifth, and Dhurringile sixth. Time, j omin. 38see, Royal Pabk Stakes, a sweepstakes q£ 6 sovs. each, with 150 added. For three years old and upwards. Weight for age. Two miles. Mr. W. Branch's b c Progress by' Angler— Coquette, 3 yrs, 7st 61b . . St. Albans 1 Mr. R. Howie's br c Lothair, S yrs, 7st 61b Hales 2 Mr. J. Morrison's br h Wellington, 5 yrs, 9st 51b ...- .. .. „ Yeomans 3 Mr J. White's b h Martiadale, 6 yrs, Sst 61b r.ik - - W. Huxley 9 f Mr. 11. l..V:uhince's b 6 yrs. P?t Mb Ray 0 j ?ir. T. i. iU"s b h Sweatinetil, ;> yrs, l)>: '' | . . . . " Figui i 0 ; Betting : o to 4 on Progress, 5 to 2 agss Wellington, 5 to I agst others. Immediately the Hag was lowered, Welling ton and Martindale appeared the most con spicuous, but as soon as they had settled down to their work, Lothair came oat with a strong lead of Wellington and Sweetmeat, l Progress .whippiDg in, Mr? tiny jock-: y. St. Albans, evidently having received .waiting orders. Passing the ssand, Lothair was fully five lengths in front of Wellington, Sweet meat, and Martindale, with Progress still last, and so they ran, with little variation, round the course, and past the abattoirs, where Martindale had gone up second, just behind the leader, with Wellington third, and i Progress on the outside, close up. Before they made the home turn. Progress ran up second, and passing Lothair when they were ; fairly in the straight, beat him easily by a : length ; Wellington a bad third, Sweetmeat . fourth, Martindale fifth, and Mata last. ; Time, 3min. '41sec. j ! Flying Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. ! each, with 100 added. For two-years- old j and upwards. Weight for age. Three- ' quarters of a mile. ; Mr. J. Wagner's b c Welcome Jack, by Bethnal Green— Isapkan, 2 yrs, 6st 6lb . - Hughes 1 , Mr. R. Howie's b c The Duke, by King Cole — Frou -Frou, 2 jts. 6st 61b .. -- -- Pa7 2 : Mr. T. Chirnside's g f Spinningdale, by Mariby- » nong— Sappho, 2 yrs, 6st lib . . Emsyorth 3 Mr. J. E. Saville's b h The Englishman (imp.L ! 4 yrs, 9st .. .. -- .. Kilduff 0 ! Mr. C. Tattersall'e b c Dougalston, 3 yrs, Sst 21b \- - King 0 Mr. E. Paget' s b c Mulatto 8 yrs, 8st 2lb.. O'Brien 0 Mr. J. Bathe's b c Incognito, S yrs, Sst 21b . - Barlow 0 Mr. W. A. Long's ch f Sylvan, 3 yrs, 7st 111b .. .. .1 .. Gainsford 0 Mr. C. L. Macdonald's b e The Israelite, 2 yrs, 6st 61b . . . . . . . . Cracknell 0 ! Mr. W. Branch's b c Baltic, 2 yrs, 6st 6ib St. Albans 0 Mr. J. Pile's brro c Spectre, 2 yrs, 6st 61b.. Quinn 0 ; Mr. J. Whittingham's b c Nautilus, 2 yrs, 6st 61b .. .. .. .. .. Bickans 0 ; Mr. C. T. Roberts's br c Exeter, 2 yrs, fist 61b Nicholson 0 : Mr. G. Pyer's b c Ace of Hearts, 2 yrs, fist 61b : . . . . . . . . . Everett 0 Mr. E. de Mestre's br c Gundarz, 2 yrs, 6st 61b . . . . . . . . . Francis 0 Mr. E. de Mestre's br f Kernel, 2 - yrs, 6st lib ! .. . . . ; . . . . Connor 0 ' Mr. T. Chirnside's ch f Europa, 2 yrs, 6st lib j .. .. .. .. Kelly 0 i Mr. S. G. Cook's b f Semirainide, 2 yrs, 6st lib Burton 0 , Mr. P. J. Coglin's Rustic Lass, 2 yrs, 6st lib .. .. .. .. Londonelly 0 Mr. J. Hart's b f Lavinia, 2 jts, 6st lib.. Boase 0 Mr. J. Leek's b or br f Her Majesty, 2 yrs, 6et lib . . Barr 0 Betting : 3 to 1 each agst The Duke, Spin ningdale, and Welcome Jack, 4 to 1 agst j Lavinia, 10 to 1 agst others. 1 Mulatto and Exeter appeared to be the first to show in advance, but Spinningdale soon j I singled herself out, Sylvan, The Duke, and I The Israelite appearing most prominently of I the others. Spinningdale cut out the work at j a good paee until inside the distance-post, \ when first Welcome Jack, and then The Duke, I passed her, the former winning very easily by a length from The Duke, Spinningdale a moderate third, Baltic fourth, Mulatto fifth, and The Israelite sixth. Time, lmin. I7sec. Spring Handicap, a sweepstakes of 7 sovs. each, with 150 added. For three years old and upwards. One mile and a quarter. Mr. R. J. White's b h Tke Pontiff, by The Drum mer— The Nun, 4 yrs, 7s 1 301b . . Norton 1 Mr. W. H. Kent's br k Napper Tandy, 5 yrs, 8st fib .. .. King 2 Mr. J. Whittingham's ch c Morning Ster, 6 yrs, 6stl0ib.. . . .. .. S. Cracknell 3 Mr. A. Chirnside's b b Zambesi, 5 yrs, fistlOIb ". - - . Williamson 0 Mr. T. Ivory's b h Master Avenel, 5 yrs, Sst Mb .. Pigott 0 Mr. B. H. Yallance's br g Camballo, 6 yrs, Sst 31b ! . . .. . . Clifford 0 Mr. J. Whittingham's b m Prattle, 5 yrs, 7st . . . . . . . . Emsworth 0 Mr. J. E. Savill's br h The Wandering Jew, 4 yrs, 7st51b .. .. .. .. T.Bales 0 ' Mr. J. Austin's br g Pimpampa, aged, 7st fib R.WalKer 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's ch h Tumult, 4 yrs, 6st-101b ' . . . . " Everett 0 Mr. F. R. L. Rossi's br c Lord Lisgar, 3 yrs,6st 91b Nicholson 0 Mr. S. Barnard's b c Totalisator, 3 yrs, fist 91b .. Boase 0 ; Mr. iL H. Wallace's br m The Tide, 4 yrs, 5st 121b .. Hughes 0 Betting : 5 to 2 agst Master Avenel, 4 to 1 each agst Lord Burleigh and The Pontiff, 10 and 15 to 1 agst others. After a little delay, a very fair start was ; effected, The Pontiff, Zambesi, and Tide being : the first away, but Tumult immediately rushed I to the front, followed by Tide, Prattle (on the ' outside), Napper Tandy, and The Pontiff, i Tumult made the pace very merry all round ; the course, with Tide, Totalisator, and Napper Tandy lying at the head of the others, but in = the bend Totalisator showed in front, and as i they came round the rails, Napper Tandy on | the inside looked like winning, but there was i very little to choose between he, Master | Avenel, Totalisator, and The Pontiff, as I they came up the rails. About the dis- I tance post, The Pontiff headed Napper Tandy, | and beat him home very easily by hardly "a j length, Morning Star a moderate third, ; Master Avenelfourth, Totalisator fifth, Prattle I sixth, The Wandering Jew seventh, and I Tumult eighth. Time, 2min. Usee. Oaks Stakes, a sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, with 300 added. For three-year-old fillies. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stoke. One mile and a half. (Sixty-five subs.) Hon. J. White's br f Sapphire, by The Drummer — Amethyst, fist 101b . .. w. Hinxiev 1 Mr. J. Wilson's b or br i Constance, by King of the Ring — Miss Jessie, Sst 101b .. St. Albans 2 Mr. J. Wilson's b f Western Princess, by King of the Ring — Sea Spray, fist 101b . . 3 Mr. H. J. Bowler's g f Britannia, fist 101b Yeom&ns; .. .. ..0 Mr. 8. G. Cook's ch f A B C, 3 yrs, fist 101b Davis 0 Mr. H. Phillips's b f Mirthful, 3 yrs, Sst 101b ..Lang 0 Mr. C. C. M'Evoy's b f Eileen, fist 101b D. Sullivan 0 Mr. E. De Mestre's b f Judith, Sst 101b W. Huxley 0 Betting : 5 to 4 agst Sapphire, 5 to 2 agst Western Princess, 5 to 1 agst others. Constance was quickest on her legs, with Western Princess and Eileen in close attend ance, and so they came to and passed the stand, with Judith whipping in, but after Western Princess had been in front as they rounded the first turn, Constance led them along the back of the course, followed by Western Princess, Sapphire, and Britannia. Passing the sheds, Western Princess, closely waited on by Sapphire, passed Constance, and as they came into the straight than was very little to choose between Constance, Western Princess, Eileen, Sapphire, «r>d A.B.C., but Sapphire ran to the front when they were half way up the straight, and heat Constance- very cleverly by half a length. Western Princess a bad third, Eileen fourth, and A. B.C. fifth. Time, dinin, 4\\)|see. Veteran Stakes, a handicap- sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 added. For four years old and upwards. One mile and a half. Mr. E. E. Jones's ch h Soothsayer, by Kelpie- Pauline, 5 jts, 6st 101b .. . . s". Cracknell 1 r. R. L. b-h Lord Burgbley, 5 yrs, fist .. .. ... Thomas Mr. J. Leek's g h Coongoola. 5 vrs fist Mr. F. Leng's b h Monarque, 5 yr gat 8 Mr. J. Whittingham's b b Riverton, 5 yie, 0 Mr. W. Pile's ch" h First Water, 4 0 Mr. E. CornwelTs bh Auckland, 6 vrs gswhf1?311 0 Mr. J. Mayo's ch h Secundus, 5 vrY p rdjn « Mr. J. White's br h The Pontiff, gtaj 0 Mr. J. Bathe's b h Stockbrid-e, aglff 0 Mr. F. Leng's br hEarl of Mar, 5 yrs, 0 Mr.D. Sullivan's big Supple Jack, jSf.fetgj 0 Mr." T. Jordon's b h" Don Carlos, 5 yraffeg 0 ' _ " - fit. Albans o Betting : a to 2 agst Lord Bumhlev ?t„i agst The PontiS o to 1 each agsl and Secundus, 6 to 1 agst Don Carlos piS Supple Jack, 10 to 1 agst others. Auckland, The Pontiff, and Sooths were the first away, but as soon as thev S on their legs, The Pontiff carried on zh running, closely waited on by Auckland Earl of Mar, Coongoola, and Kiverton. irerton was momentarily in front, but at the Abat toirs the order was Earl of Mar, Cooaooia Pontiff, Soothsayer, and Lord Burghley, &cd; so they ran to near the home turn, 'where Soothsayer came out with a long lead, and galloping home at his leisure, won as h= liked from Lord Burghley, Coongoola a good third, The Pontiff fourth, Secundus fifth as Don Carlos sixth. Time, 2min. 38|sec. ' THE STEEPLECHASE DAY. The Spring Meeting of the Victoria Eaeing Club will be brought to a termination this afternoon at Flemington, and as there is every prospect of the weather being fine, coupled with the fact that the programme is an exceedingly good one, the attendance ought to be fully equal to that of the Derby Day. The first race, the Flemington Stakes, is announced to take place at 1 o'clock, and as special trains, as well as the 'buses and cabs, will ply from an early hour, intending visitors will experience little difficulty in reaching the convincing ground. The fol lowing is the programme : — j Flemington Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes ! of 5 sovs. each, 2 ft., with 100 added. For two-year-olds. Five furlongs. st. ib.' 5t r3 Welcome Jack .. 9 0; Pell Mell .. 7 3 Lavinia .. . . S P ; Stationer .. 7 S The Bake _ ..89; Pilgrimage . . 77 Somerset ..87; Shipka .. ..77 Monmouth . . 8 7 j Etna . . . . 77 Spinningdale .1 8 5 ; Paul ..7 7 The Israelite . . 8 2 Henrietta . . 77 Doncaster .. 8 0" Little Lady .. 7 V My Lord., .. 8 0; Qneen Mary ..7 6 Nelson .. ..8 0 Europa .. ..7 6 Annie Firmin . . 7 12 ; Kernel . . ..76 Shyiock .. .. 7 12 Imogene.. .. 7 6 The Gem (scr.) . . 7 11 Beau Ideal ..76 The Exeter .. 7 11 Coreena.. .. 7 6 Spite .. .. 7 11 ' Gudarz .. ..7 6 Truant (scr.) .. 7 10 Rustic Lass .. 7 5 Advance (scr.) .. 7 10 Laputa .. ..7 5 Excelsior (scr.) .. 7 10 Greyhound ..7 -5 Ballilla . . . . 7 10 The Moon . . 7 5 Tourmaline .. 7 10 Moneta .. ..7 5 Yosemite .. 7 10 r Impudence ..7 3 Whirlwind . . 7 9 j Her Majesty . . 7 1 Liberator .. 7 9 Nautilus.. ..7 6 Hunter (scr.) .. 7 9 1 Semiramide 7 1 Berwick (scr.) .. 7 9 j Primus .. .. 6 11 T paz .. .. 7 8 | Muriel .. ..6 7 Spectre .. ..78 Canterbury Plate, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, -with 300 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. out of the stoke. Two miles and a quarter. Lothair, 3 yrs ; Lord Lisgar, 3 yrs Mata. 6 yrs Chester, aged Progress, 3 yrs j Martindale, 5 jts " South Hamilton, 4 yrs; Sweetmeat, 5 yrs Wellington, 5 yrs i Mares1 Produce Stakes, of 10 sovs. each, with 100 added. For three-year-olds, the produce of mares covered in 1876— coks, Qof iiYIVk filKcc fief rHVi. TIip wiBTipr of tide Victoria Derby, 1S80, to carry 51b. extra. One mile and a quarter. The second horse to receive 50 sovs., and the third 20 sovs., out of the stake. The following are the probable starters Orient j Western Princess Britannia J Progress AJBiG. j Grand Flaneur V.R.C. Handicap, of £7 each, with £150 added. One mile and three -quarters. st lb f lh, Wellington .. 9 7 1 Camballo £ - Darriwell (scr.) .. 9 0 First Water - 1 Lord Burghley . . 8 11 Napper Tandy . . <_ & Mata .. .. 8 7 Riverton.. r Bosworth ... S 6 j Pawnbroker ' - A vermis . . . . 8 5 | Lowlander - - Warlock (scr.) .. 8 5 Trevallyn - Zambesi.. .. 8 0 Western Princess.. 6 1 Banter . . . . 7 33 j Morning Star - « Auckland _ 7 11 j Adventurer .. u Secundus .. 7 11 1 The King.. (j x. The Pontiff .. 7 10 i Latrobe .. 5 ' Handicap Steeplechase. Three miles. 6t lb | F' Simpleton ..13 S j Himalaya .« 13 Trumpeter .. 12 7 Helmet .. Twilight . . ..11 7 j Verdi .. - £ JU Snowstorm .. 10 12 j Timberoo - - Turpin .. .. 13 10 Mariner .. ,, fieliin .. .. 10 3 Novelist - "on Sarchedon ..10 8 Actress .. .. . u Fbee Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of j soyb. each, 2 ft., with 150 added, bor three year olds and upwards. The winner of the VJELC. Handicap to carry 10lo. \- extra. One mile and a half. ,v st lb lb q li Darriwell (scr.) .. 9 6 Kinsman " c 1? Lard Burghley .,9 0 Wandering Jew .. b " Woodlands .. 8 8 Puff .. ® Mata ' ..8 8 Imperial.. -- J> - Mouarqne ..8 7 Pimpampa (scr.!- . v l- Avernus.. .. 8 6 Baron von MaeUer Master Avenel .. 8 2 (ser.) .. " « io 'a romp Yoss . . S 2 Guinea . . The Pontiff ..8 2 Coongoola ' « 7 Bavenswood (scr.) 7 12 Britannia - - Auckland .. 7 12 Totalisator T Camballo . . 7 U Elon " 7 Soothsayer .. 7 10 ABC .. " « ; Lorton .. .. 7 9 Exeter .. - 1 Rivalry .. ..7 9 Adventurer - . Gipsy Cooper (scr.) 7 7 Hlldebrand (scr.l -- (1 Elastic (scr.) ..7 6 Corinne .. - . Timothy. . .. 7 5 Latrobe .. - y> Prattle .. -.7 5 Judith .. -- l3 Pawnbroker ..7 4 Shadow .. " Earl of Mar ..7 0 Tideiscr.) -- ; - r . Orient .- 7 0 Towneley s 7 Canard . . . . 6 12 Brenda - 7 r SteCtbridge .. 6 12 | Sylvan (scrJ - "Mai-ahsil .. 6 12 I Incognito iscr. -- The following are our selections - Flemington Stakes. WELCOME JACK . . The Duke . . - X Spinningdale .. Mares' Pboduce Stakes. GRAND FLANEUR 1 V.B.C. Handicap, ELIilNGTON .. ' \ UiPEBB Takbt " "I MobsESG Stab Steeplechase. SIMPLETON - 1 XUBP»' ' " 3 XbUMPETer Canterbury Plate. progress.. 1 Free Handicap. SOOTHSAYER .. " o COONGOOLA .. JESTER AVENEL mu p only business done last night at the vXan Club was on the V.R C. Handle I'd Stecplecbase. Napper Tandy Pontiff, HI Lord Barghley were the favourite Sections for the former; with Simpleton ana Trumpeter for the latter. 