TEA AND PUBLIC MEETINGS. The annual tea and public meetings in con- <*> nection with the Presbytery of South Australia were held at the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church on Tuesday evening, May 4. Both gatherings were largely attended. The B<w. D. Paton, M.A., BJ>. (Moderator), occupied the chair at the public meeting, and there were also j a number of other Presbyterian ministers on the platform. The Csaibhav read a paper entitled "A companion between the home and colonial Presbyterian Churches." In his opening re marks he pointed out that the day had gone by as well for the avowal as for the approval of sectarianism. The affectation of authority, the attitude of exelusiveness.the airs of superiority, She gratuitous assumptions of preference and privilege that might be said to have disfigured at onu tima all tlie branches of Christ'* church, Whilst still fondly cherished by some modern Pharisees, had pretty well lost their influence a« motive powers in the community. Infalli bility was the gift, perfection was the attribute of none. From their hearts and their assem blies, he said, let there be effeotoally east out tbe phantom of an arrogant presumption on tbe one hand, and the demon of an envioai detrac tion on the other. There was room enough in tbe world and to spare for all denominations, and Christian brotherhood had an existence amonff'all ** that lore our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity." The catholicity of their sympathies, however, did not preclude Presbyterians from cherishing their own ecclesiastical attachments, and maintaining their own ecclesiastical organization*. The polity of their church or system of church govern ment was at onoo simple and comprehen sive. Her supreme eomrts contained an equal nnmber of ministers and laymen with equal authority, aud her procedure was therefore less likely t j take an exclusive cast. In speaking of tie past history of the church the rev. gentle man said she had been fired all along with what might be called a passion for liberty of all kinds. The Stuarts knew that well when not onco merely, but agnin and again they attempted by smothering her so-called democratic constitu tion to destroy her altujether. lustead of fall ing back, however, aud boasting of their past hutory, he thought they should aspire to some thing better for the time to come. The policy of looking behind was no', only wrong but suicidal. The rev. gentleman instituted an instructive comparison be tween the Presbyterian Ohurcn of Scot land an>l Sonth Australia, showing that many questions whieb in Scotland were still causing endless agitationjwero here virtually laid at rest — tbe right attitude for worshipping God, and tbe introdoctioD of instrumental music in churches for example. Most of the Presbyterian people here admitted that the ques tion of standing, sitting, bending, or kneel ing during tho act of devotion was not a crucial or cardinal one. On the .question of musical services the rev. gentleman said from the aitthetic point of view no combination of arti ficial sounds was eqaal to tbe well-balanced blending of human voices, but the state of musical culture was nowhere sufficiently ad vanced to allow the realisation of the desirable ideal, and on this and other grounds the use of the organ was justified. The maintenance of the Church of Christ was another burning question at home, but in this colony the atti tude of the State towards all denomi nations had finally settled the difficulty. In respect of the subscription to the West minster Confession of Faith, he pointed out that there was a saving clause in the basis of union agreed to by the various sections of the Presbyterian Church in this colony, *' that in adopting these standards this church is not to be held as approving of anything in them which may be supposed to deny or invade the right of private judgment." While 't was highly neces sary if the ohurch was to be extended that it should not relax its discipline, but rather shorten and simplify iticrci-i after apostolic faihion, it was at least satisfactory to know that the saving clause in tiie constitution «f the colonial Presbytery had enabled some of its members to become office bearers who could not otherwise have been so without the violation of their oonscienoe. Among the disadvantages under which colonial Presbyterians labor, the rev. gentleman alluded to the want of couesiou among the congregations, and the imperfect administration of church order. He also sug gested "the establishment of some common oeotral fund, to which all the congregations would contribute something, and from which they would all draw something. If such a fund were instituted there would at least be one very palpable point of union between the churches. In concluding, the rev. gentleman spoke of tbe imperious duty and clamant neces sity for church extension, aud he asked what the church was doing towards the diffusion of the true knowledge of God and the creation of the true faith in Him. Toe only genuine and com plete addition made to their churches during the last decade was, he believed, that at Jamestown. Nor as Presbyterians here had a full and fair share of the wealth of the colony he thought it was not wholly creditable that they had done so little to extend, the <cause of Christ. To Pres byterians belonged the honor of being the pecu niary founders of our University ; but while he conceded the claims that education had upou their resources, they should not ignore the claims that religion had upon them. It was almost im possible for the handful of their people who settled in a new locality or township to provide themselves with the ordinances of. the church, and therefore it should be tha privilege of Pres byterians, as it was their duty, not so much to do everything fur them at to help tbem to help themselves. (Applause.) The Bev. A. F. Kuox read a paper on " The secret of spiritual power.". He remarked that disobedience was the cause of the loss of spiritual power, and had been so from the time of Adam. OhrHt he referred to as a sttikiug example of obedience. The great Master knew that obedience was salvation, and when day by | day He came iuto contact with the crushing blows of humau life He learned by experience what in the first place He knew by intuition. The rev. gentleman went on to Bbov that mankind u sxlf-willed, relying on human strength, and walking by sight rather than by faith, but he said if they were to become spiritually powerful they mint become caraally weak. The crucifixion of the tlesh and all the carnal desires was to be aimed at if spiritual power was sought, because power of this kind came out of the conflict with wicked ness. In illustration of this point ho referred to the temptation of Christ in the wilderness, whither the Saviour went with the fulness of the Holy Ghost, but returned with the strength of the Spirit of God. The fraatest power would always be found to be exercised after the severest contest. In conclusion, the rev. gentle man indicated the directions in which spiritual power should be exercised, ani showed hmv necessary it was if the welfare of the church was to be maintained. The Bev. J. Haix Angus gave a brief report of the proceedings of the Presbytery during that day. He had occasion to mention at the celebration of the Chalmers] centenary that the Presbytery fund was considerably in debt. On that occasion the Presbytery agreed to ap point a committee consisting of ministers and lay men to make an effort among the churches to clear off this debt, and so liberal had been the re sponse on the part of many of the churches that that day the d< bt had beeu entirely cleared off. (Applause.) As this debt had been accumulat ing for some time the committee thought fit to recommeud to the Presbytery a scheme that in future the congregations sheuld be assessed, the rate of the assessment being tenpence per head per member for the year. A good deal of discussion arose in the considera tion of this, and a suggestion was made as to those who were non-members, but eventually it was agreed that the scheme submitted would be the most advantageous to adopt. In connection with this it mi thought well to continue, at least among those congregations that usually made collections, the annual collection for the Presbytery. Professor Davidson had presented a p easing report respecting the aged and infirm ministers' fund, showing that tliere was • sum of £1,435 ss. Id. standing in respect to it. The excellent position in which the fund stood was largely owing to the endeavors of Professor Davidson on its behalf. ' (Applause.) It was recommended by the Pres bytery that collections should be made not only for the Presbytery and this fund, but for the home mission fund, and that other one to which very considerable contributions had already bees made—the foreign mission. The Moderator alluded in his address to one drawback which had been experienced up to the present time, namely, the want of association to a very large extent existing between tho various churches of the Presbytery. For this he thought they were greatly to blame in not having initiated some scheme which would hare knit them together, and given them an undoubted interest in each other's work. A resolution moved by himself (the speaker) and adopted by the Presbytery was to the effect that it should ba an instruction to the clerk of the Presbytery to prepare a statement for presentation at each annual meeting showing the work done during the previous twelve months, describing the state of the various funds in connection with the Presbytery and giving such other information as might be of interest. The Bev. J. McNrer,, 8.A., gave an earnest address on " Evangelistic work." This he con sidered was the natural outcome of spiritual power, but he complained that there was far too little of ft in the «hurch-life of this oolony. The majority of those who attended church for the express purpose of hearing the gospel were lamentably ignorant of it, and he thought it was an imperative necessity that special efforts should be made during the week to follow up the work done on the Sabbath. He also referred to tbe need of special evangelistic labor in the Areas. In the outlying distiicts of the co lony he had found that there were many children whoie religious education was awfully neglected. Many of them had never heard the name of Christ, and looked at one in blank astonishment if questions were put to them ai to their souls. Evangelistic labor was also much wanted among the railway navvies and shearers. The large numbers of men that were found year by year in our shearing-sheds made ready and willing congregations, and such men might well say that no one cared for them when they found themselves neglected as they were. He suggested that every year each congregation should appoint one of its member* for the pur pose of looking after the shearers. The Pres bytery should also have an evaugelist to work for them in the outlying districts. He did not mean a man requiring a kick in the back to keep him awake, bat one thoroughly devoted to his Master and his heart aflame with love for Christ. Such an evangelist would require to be mounted, and ought to be well supported by the Presbytery. A third suggestion which the rev. gentleman made wa« that there should be u annual or biennial visitation of all the ohurchei by a deputation from the Presbytery. The duties of theta deputies would be to evan gelise among the congregations, and to see how the elders aul other church officers were doing tiieir work. This plan had been adopted in Vic toria during the last two or three years, and had worked with remarkable success. During the evening the united choirs of tbe three city churches rendered in a creditable manner several selection* of sacred music, and the proceedings were brought to a close bya vote of thanks to the ladies by whom the tea was got up, tbe choir, and the speakers. 