MISCELLANEOUS. A novel phase of insanity was exemplified at St. Benedict's Church, Sydney, recently. An ex-policeman, named Charles Julin, entered the sacred ediSce, and after an altercation with those there, got upon the altar and knocked down various things. He was summarily ejected, and in the street he harangued the multitude, saying he was the Almighty, and had made the stars. He said he built Baby] on, and was the precursor- of a new religion. Con stable John Mf Coll dissented from him, and as he would not alter his doctrines, arrested him and locked him up. Julin was for warded to Gladesville.- — Town and Country: An English contemporary says English dairy farmers get immense returnsfrom their grass lands by the use of bone manure. One Chesire farmer says that by this he can feed forty cows from land that formerly gave him product sufficient to feed only twenty. The English farmers believe in 'boning' the grass land especially. Our orchardists endeavor to train their fruit trees low about a foot above the ground, in a pyramidal shape. The leaves shade the stock from the heated. rays of the mid summer sun. The bark ifl not so apt to crack and get wormy. It is easy to pick the fruit. The tree is well balanced, and is not easily toppled over by strong winds.— American. Residents of the quiet township of Rosa ville have' during the past week been startled by the nightly appearance of » ghost. The nocturnal visitor assumed the form of a young girl, draped in what ap peared to be a white shroud. Children were frightened, and a few older heads, be lieving that the . departed are allowed to revisit the earth, were fearful that some crime had been perpetrated, and that the embodied spirit of the victim was permitted to. haunt the vicinity. Others of a more practical turn of mind looked upon the matter as a hoax, and^one resident who had no faith in supernatural visitation decided to test whether it was a spirit ' doomed for a certain' term to walk the night, and for the day confined to' fast 'in fires,' or, 'some resident of the neighborhood playing .3 practical joke. ^On Friday night he there-; fore laid in wait, and when the nocturnal 'visitant appeared made a dash forward, and found tbat his, arms, encircled the, form of a young girl, daughter ;of a neighbor, who; was enveloped in a sheet, instead of a dissm-j bodied spirit. The practical joker was con veyed home, and cautioned apttinst repeat-; ing her folly. — South- Eastern Star. ! .? Not ft bad' story has been sent to the Wttgga Express from the Urana direction.' A selector, who had previously devoted his: attention to agriculture and bullocks, be-' thought himself of trying sheep fanning. Fired with the idea, he visited a Wagga jstock agent, and Invested in what he be lieved to be a flock of young ewes. Soon after the sheep were delivered to him, he came into ithe town, and expressed his satis faction t« the agent ia this wise : 'I know they're young, because .their teeth ain't up yet.' A. cubsequent inspection of the flock showed him that the fleeces were failing off. But 'even this- did not reduce his con fidence in his purchase. 'Oh,' said he, *' they're in grand condition ; ain't they just Bheddinfc their coats like the horaes.^. ..; Mir. FraJBer,;M.P., is' undoubtedly a poet of the' first water, orsucking Robbie Burns of the modern school, who versifies and parodies as only a ' chiel' like him can do. The other day a verdict was given in his favor in the Local Court for £25 for » song he had composed for Mr. M. C. Morris, and to use the words of -counsel on-the opposi tion ride 'it only took ha\f «n4i6\ir to com pose.' Milton's Paradise Lpstia of course, in the Back ground alongside such a pro duction, which will imtnort»li8e the name of Fraser for .ages to come. His next move Bhould be' in the direction of a South A:ds traliatf poeWaurjeatesHp. . . A few abori^inaj melodies, ' if ' turned into,: pure ' Saxon,, anol set to music would be' wbrib preservation, and Mr. Fraser might-advantageously ex hibit his genius in this direction, and so preserve some ; of the Someric ,lays«of this rapidly-decaying race for posterity. £25 .for half an hour's work is not much when one considers the «xtrabrdioary 'effort to ?which the brain of the author must have been subjected to compose' it. 'Modern poetry is evidently rising in price. I haven't tried my hand at ' the stuff for some time, but; to-day, finding the Divine afflatus come strong upon me, I produced the .following, after— a long way zttet—Tcinnahill. It took me just half an hour, but 1 shan't charge Mr. Eraser, 25 pence for it:— . , : Fraser made a pretty sang, '?? Ah ! nh the rhymin1 o't ! '' 'Twas na short, an1 'twas na lang, Ah! ah ihe chiming o*t! ''? Great in it was Murray's praise, A' keri weeliieen Fraserfe ways j . Naebody can mak aic lays, Ah! ah therhymin'o't! . . . Fraser now has gtftdt renown. Ah I ah the rhymin' o't I : \- Famed hie name ih.werj town, ??? ?'??. ' 'Ahiahlttie.rhytoin'o't.! ? Bard pf bards, & chiel like Burai, Ane who ne'er a bawbee spurns, Veree sodjprose he spouts by turns, * Ai4 ahithe'ehiming o't! ' ? ..; . . twenty pDunds.WAs far too «ma', ; \ :? - ' '?* Ah 1 ah the rhymin' o't I For a sang like ' Scots wha ha I' Ah I ah the rhymin' o't ! -v But ye ken that Eraser's muse, . Aibhns is to earn her Sues, . . . \ What he writes will all pmase, . ; ; '; khf;a?i;fhe/0himingo't! ?- *- \ Fraser'e speeches should be sung, . .???-'? Ah1! ah the! rhymin' ot! ' I Glib the words upon bis tongue, i Ah I ah the rhymin' tftl ^ ; - ; Twonld be novelty to hear, ^ ' ^ ;. ; - M.P.'« spout in poetry clear, ' Sweet «s snUk, tod pure as be«, . I Ahi ah tha rhymin' o't! r-Ftvnm'g Wtkiy. I We /P. A.Dipateh) notice that the team jtraffie on the west aide is largely increasing. A few daysaoee there were from 850 to 300 working bullocks and horses in the ?waterworks yard and adjacent thereto wait ing their torn to water. The supply at pro mt is not equal to the demand during the day ; ^ but we believe the waterworks pnthorities are about to erect tanks which will store the water up during the night, and so a supply will be provided ample for all purposes. Lung and liver complaints are certainly benefited, often cured, by a free consump tion of ouious ; either cooked or taw. Colds yield to tbem like magic. Don't be afraid of them. Taken at night all offence will be wanting by hiorniug, and the good effects will amply compensate for the trifling au noyance. Taken regularly they greatly promote the health of the lungs and the digestive organs. An extract made by boiling down the juice of onions to a syrup, and taken as a medicine, answers the pur pose very well, but fried, roasted, or boiled, onions are better. Onions are a very cheap medicine, within everybody's reach, and they are not by any means as ' bad to take' as the costly nostrums a neglect of their use may necessitate. — Scientific American. Telegrams are now sent by means of pneumatic tubes all over or rather under Paris ; the electric telegraph having given place to the mechanical transmission of the messages in little carriages by means of com pressed air. Electricity is, however, about to resume its sway, and an electric post, on the principle of Dr. Werner Siemens recently described in the Gatherer, is to be sub stituted for the pneumatic one. In under ground tubes, small electric trains laden with the messages will be run on rails at the rate of fifteen miles an hour, a speed which very much exceeds' that of the pneumatic post for long distances. Dr. Siemen's in vention is also to be applied to a new train way in Berlin. The success of the sub terranean postal trains is enough to make us ask if the time is hot at hand when electric railways shall be laid in submerged tubes, and people transported through narrow waters instead of under or /over them as before, How would an electric tubular railway laid along on the bottom of the Channel be hailed by millions ! — CasseWs Magazine. It appears that among the assets of the City of Glasgow Bank was a gold reef iu the Indian mines, to which public attention has lately been directed, aiid it now appears that this 'claim' has proved very rich ; in deed it is rumored that its product may possibly be of sufficient value to return a moiety of the bank's debts, the payment of which utterly ruined so many previously well-to-do shareholders. But those (and much the larger number) who have failed or compounded with the liquidators, will have no share in this windfall, which will go to the. very small number who have been rich enough to weather the storm and retain their position on the roll. ' . The army-worm, in countless myriads, has .been ravaging New Jerseey (says an American correspondent). This grub eats up every green thing, except red clover. It nips off the maize about an inch above the ground. In a few days a large field of maize will disappear as completely as if it had never eristed. One farmer lost 900 acres of maize, and 100 acres of his wheat was stripped as clean as if done with a knife. The army- worm is partial to timothy and maize, but climbs trees and strips them bare of foliage, for want of something better. Their advance is made like an army — hence their name. Ploughing deep furrows, with one vertical side, round the field, usually checks their progress, but. this season they came in such numbers that this precaution was useless. The country around Long Brancn has been turned into a wilderness by them. The army-worm is the grub of the Leucania unipuncta, which is, when fully developed, a night moth. The body of the grub is a dirty grey color, and may always be recognised by three yellowish stripes on its back and a single stripe on each side. It growa about, fin. long. The head is a dull yellowish brown, sparsely -ornamented with short bairs, which Ji« also scattered over its body. Burrowing is the only sure way of destroying -the enemy. Hogs, poultry, ducks, and geese eat the worms greedily, bur unfortunately the late supply has over tasked their appetites. A few days ago (says the European Mail) a peasant wrote a letter to Field Marshall Count Moltke, asking him to use his in fluence with the Emperor in order that the German army might be diminished, and not increased. The aged General answers that this can only come about when all nations arrive at the conviction that every war, even a victorious one, is a national misfortune. Marshal von Moltke considers tbat the' religious and moral education of nations is not sufficiently advanced to achieve this re sult at present. A curious exhibition of singing birds has recently been held at Turin. Only canaries were allowed to compete, and 64 couples were plitced in' cages on » platform gaily decorated for the occasion. In the course of the afternoon the jury arrived who were to put them *' through their paces,' and the trial com menced. Some sang in J time, others stood on one leg at the command of their owners, while others, again, engaged in a mimic .fight on a given signal. The eventual prize-winners, however, were those that had been taught the more useful art of adroit flattery, five birds who, whether moto praprip or from the instructor's hints, managed to gravely salute the members of the jury, being decreed gold medals of the first-class. -,:..?? ' A recent letter from Cleveland, Ohio, says :— The most extraordinary case of clerema, or petrifying of the skin, known in medical history, was made the subject of a medical clinic in this city. The case was that of a child brought here from Philadel phia and is becoming literally & petrifled child. The flesh is as cold and hard almost as marble/ and while the child, which is nearly three years old, continues to live, it can only freely move its lips and eyes. It has none of the warmth and; pliability of human flesb, and sleeps with its eyes open, presenting a most ghastly -spectacle. Until six months it was io perfect health. The disease is one of connective tissues between the Ekin and the flesh, whose origin is un known, but it is supposed to be caused by ipre verted nutrition. This is the thirty-fifth 'thus discovered, and is an important one ^inasmuch as no instance has heretofore been known where, the entire body was affected. jThe child must die, as complete petrifica tion most ensue. We (border Watch) regret to hear tbat there is still room for complaint as to the way eome of our potato growers send their produce to market.. A large shipper at Port MacDonnell informs us that this week he has had three Jetters-r-two from Adelaide and 'one from Port Pirie — complaining of dirt, small potatoes, and rotten ones. Messrs. Coombe Bros., of Port Pirie, .write of a cargo they had per the Mimosa : — ' We are afraid that we'ahaH have some claims, as they were not good quality. One of our customers in the Port called us in to look at the lot we sent him, and they were very bad indeed. The first bag opened con tained over 28 lbs of dirt, and the potatoes in some of the others were half ratten ; altogether this cargo is the worst lot we have bad this season. Port MacDonnell potatoes do not bear a (rood name owing to the carelessness with which they are bagged for market. People do not care to purchase dirt at the same price as potatoes. Your farmers only make rods for their own backs -when they attempt euch mean dodges. No matter whether they are cheap or dear people want what they pBy for.' Our cor pondent says — ' if you only saw the quantities of small potatoes and dirt we screen out here you would think what we send away ought to pass.' But the same trouble is not taken by others,- hence the whole district gets a bad name. There were six vessels in MacDonnell Bay on Thursday, all loading potatoes, so the trade is well worth looking after. M. Combettes, a civil engineer of Paris, lias devised an ingenious aquatic toy. It consists of & glass bowl full of water, in which are floating a pair of tinnecUron fishes. Beneath the bowl there is con cealed a email magneto- electric motor, and when the current from a voltaic cell or two is led to the motor by the two wires shown, the iron armature of the motor begins to revolve, and by magnetic attraction induces the fishes to follow it, bo tbat a very good imitation of swimming is set up. By changing the direction of the current through the intermediary of a .commutator, the direction of rotation of the armature, and consequently of the gyrations of the toy fish, can be changed at the will of the operator. The population of New South Wales increased 40,000 during 1879.. Measles are extending with such rapidity on Emerald Hill (Victoria) that the Board of Advice have recommended the Minister of Education the State schools in the dis trict for at least a fortnight, in the hope of preventing the spreat of the infection. Nearly 40 per cent, of the children and numerous teachers are absent from the schools owing to the disorder. The Stephen street State school has had to be. closed for a time in consequence of measles breaking out in the family of the teacher.— Leader. A Melbourne telegram states that con siderable activity is shown by the police stationed at Wangaratta, who are believed to be searching for the mouey planted by Keliy gang. To-day (August 19) a number of troopers under Sergeant Steele left suddenly in the direction of Greta fully armed, which, gave rise to most absurd rumors. The Town and Country says : — TKe re ports of our correspondents in the various parts of the colony show that the diabolical crimes of burning hay stacks, wheat stacks, stables, and even dwellings, are on the in crease to an alarming extent. To. wilfully set fire to a neighbor's gathered crop — often the whole result of a year's labor, and the hope of a poor farmer to relieve him from debt or improve his dwelling and farm, is a crime that no punishment will adequately meet. No one is benefited, and the fiendish malice of the incendiary receives put a poor reward. A case was tried at the Sydney Criminal Court recently, in which his Honor the judge gave the criminal the heavy punishment of 10 years' imprisonment for an offence of this nature ; and we only hope that a few other scoundrels in the Armidale, Mudgee, and other districts, will soon be brought to justice, and receive a like punish ment for their cowardly acts. . The silverised ammonite or fossil shell, recently found in a silver mine at Caracoles in South America, affords a curious instance of natural electro-typing. The calcareous substance of the shell in this specimen has been entirely replaced by chloride of silver which is partially reduced to the virgin metal. Light is^-also thrown by this dis covery en the origin of the native silver found in the Caracoles mines. The Chief Inspector of Stock for Queens land . in his last report says : — ' Pleuro pneumonia is prevalent in ninny parts of the colony, but the present is said to be of a much milder type than any previous attack. The faith in inoculation is now general throughout the colony, and is being very generally resorted to. It will have been observed by those interested in the subject that the veterinary profession in . England has now pronounced in favor of inoculation, so that the principal argument of the few opposed to the practice in this colony has been removed.' . A correspondent has sent the P. A. Dis patch the following account of a bushrang ing episode at . Government Gums : — ' Not many days since a bootmaker in a festive mood, at Farina, proceeded to the police station and locked it up, taking the key away with him. Upon meeting- the worthy conservator of the peace he demanded 5s from him. The demand was of course in dignantly refused, apon which the incautious ' snob' said he had something in his pos session worth more than ' five bob.' When the trooper arrived; home he found the premises carefully locked, so that he could not get in. Remembering- the conversation with. die son of Crispin he at once hunted him up, and. found thekey in his pocket. By way of keeping up. the joke the boot maker was locked up for the uight, and next morning the presiding justice inflicted a fine of £2 upon him for the perpretration of bis little joke. The sequence of the tale goes beyond a joke though. Smarting under the infliction the foolish fellow ^proceeded to simulate the career of the Eellys. After stealing a revolver, loaded in one ban-el, from a harmless ' heathen Chinee,' ha bor~ rowed a horse .from a colt breaker, and rode bravely up to the door of the police station, and challenged the trooper to come out and be shot. This very polite invitation was not complied with, however. M?. Snob then rode off, and meeting the owner of the steed was requested to dismount. . This he refused to do, and discharged . the revolver at the indignant proprietor. Fortunately his aim was unsteady, and no harm was done. Put ting spurs to his horsa he made off into the bush, and was last seen at Blancbwater, where his equine companion appeared rather knocked up. He would probably make a change at that place, and proceed to Queens land, unless iutercepted by the myrmidonis of the law.' An American paper has the following : — ' On the 29th of May, while the synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, as sembled at Pitteburg, was discussing a memorial on the transfer of a congregation from one presbytery to another, the Assembly became disorderly, of which the moderator complained, as be had done on the - day previous. . Shortly the police entered the church, followed by a large crowd of spectators. In a little while the chief of police, at the moderator's request, made his way up to the moderator's desk. The moderator shook hands with him, and after he had stepped to one side, the moderator stated : — - The chief of police and men are here at my request. I am deter mined that the disorder, which lias been increasing, shall be stopped. I now ask the chief of police to take charge of the synod and protect it until the final adjournment cf the body/' FFFfVn\/P hDioiv 