NEWS OF THE DAY. Much to the surprise of members generally, Mr. L. L. Smith gave notice of his intention to move on Tuesday next, " That the actions of the Government not being satisfactory, they do not command the confidence of this Mouse." Mr. Smith read the notice of motion as if he were himself half afraid of the consequences, null life effect was rather Btartling, as it evidently took a great majority of the members of the House by surprise. Tlie mover walked up to the Clerk of tlie Assem bly, handed his motion to Mr. Barker, and on turning on his heel said aloud, "That will warm them up." For some time the motion lay unheeded on tho table aud the business went on as if it was to be treated with contempt, but when Mr. Service entered the chamber Mr. Berry rose from his seat and asked liim if he was aware of tho notice of motion that had licen given, and if he endorsed it? Mr. Service replied that lie did not know tlie notice had been given, and that he could not endorse it, as he had not been consulted on the matter. Mr. Berry said that if Mr. Service could not wholly repudiate sympathy witli tlie motion he would have no option but to adjourn tlie House until Tuesday, when it would be debated and disposed of before any more busi ness was 'transacted. Several lion, mem bers addressed themselves to tho subject, aud it became evident that if Mr. Smith had consulted any one at all only a very choice and limited circle of friends had been taken into his confi dence. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, however, rose from his seat, and declared that the Government had entirely forfeited his confidence ; and, after denouncing them in good round and general phrases, took up his hat nnd walked across the floor of J the House, and took liis seat ou tho I Opposition Comer benches beside Mr. | Orkney, his successor in West Melbourne. It became evident, as the debate went on, that ; there was a clear intention on tho part of the 1 Opposition to test the strength of the Govern- ' inent. Mr. Zox observed that tho motion might bo discussed on its merits at any other . time, but it would he extremely incon venient to deal with it until ftftor the estimates had been passed. This innocent admission made -Mr. Service suddenly turn round in his seat to frown and whisper to Mr. Zox, but tlie admonition was too late. The cat had escaped from the hag, the Government saw it and roared with laughter, much to the discomfiture of tho Op position. Mr. Miraftis observed that up to that moment -lie had thought the motion should ho nliowed to stand over and the business bo pro ceeded with; but it had then been mnde evi dent that a mine had existed for some time, nnd that it had been prematurely sprung by the falling of an independent spark. He advised the Government to accept the situation nnd fight it out. This courso tho Government had already declared its intention to take, and tho Houso ud- journcd at six o'clock until Tuesday next, when Mr. Smith's motion wili be dobated nnd pressed to a division. The Legislative Council, on assembling yes terday, resumed the taking of evidence on the Kcrang railway, and a number of witnesses were examined for and against, though tlie ' balauce of testimony appeared to be in favorof the Government proposal. Messrs. Campbell and Fitzgerald, who had declared themselves advocates of tlie Knglehawk. route, cross-exa mined the Government witnesses at con siderable length, and protracted tho pro ceedings till nearly ten o'clock, when \- the whole of tho witnesses on the lino had given their evidence. In the early part of the evening it was suggested that the Hoti.se should sit to daj- nnd take evidence in the other disputed linc3 ; but the majority of members did not accept tlie proposition very readily, aud it was decided that tlie other witnesses might he dismissed till Tuesday, when the Charlton line will be first taken. Tlie Bank of New South Wales Bill passed its second rending, and at ton o'clock tlie House ad journed till three o'clock on Tuesday after noon. The Australian eleven commence their first Victorian match since their return from Eng land on the Melbourne cricket ground to-day, against tlie presumably best fifteen of Vic toria. The eleven have been practising as siduously during the last few days, aud the majority of them appear to he in excellent batting form; while tho bowling of Spoffortb, 1'nlmer and Boyle seems to be quito up to tho stnndard of excellence that served the team so well in England. It is to be regretted that M'Donnell sustained such severo injuries to one of his fingers while practising during tho week that it is doubtful whether he will play, but be hopes himself to bo sufficiently re covered to take part in tho contest. Tho fifteen are in fair form individually, but it is eon. sidered the want of combined practice will militate against their chance of a victory, and the eleven are decidedly the favorites in public opinion. The match will commence at twelvo o'clock pnnctunlly, nnd will probably be wit nessed by a largo attendance, more especially as a Government balf-holiday has been pro claimed. There will bo no holiday at tlie Custom House to-day. 'Tho Commissioner considers that to eloso the offices of liis department for half a day would seriously retard public busi ness. It has been found on former occasions, when holidays have been gazetted, that it lias been necessary to employ some of tlie officers to work off the arrears of duty that cannot be postponed. For such services over time has been charged. To this the Commis sioner objects, as it involves double payment. He will bo willing to give leave of abseneo to as many officers as can be spared, but lie will not allow business to be entirely suspended in the department. The general interest felt concerning the arrival of the steainsliip Sorata wua made mani fest yesterday morning by- crowds of visitors flocking to Williamstown by train aud steamer to look at her as she lay in tlie dock. As the day advanced the crowd became so great as to cause some little confusion on board tho mammoth Bhip, but the officers proved conrteouH to all, and willingly explained and pointed out the temporary repairs effected on the vessel to bring her round. The adventures of Mr. Washington Rivers, as the originator of companies with lug'h- sounding titles, were brought under the notice of tlie Assembly last night by Mr. Graves. The member for Delatite informed the House that Mr. Rivers bad first becoino acquainted with the public as a preacher of the free gospel aud the pastor of a free church. He subsequently became known to fame as one of tho promoters of a Co-operative Bread Company. He was also tho central and shining light of " Tlie Melbourne Financial Corporation (Limited)," and was for a time connected with tlie Co-opera tive Dress Association. Mr. Graves in formed tlie House that one company was floated with. a paid-up capital of five lialf-erowus, and the other with a capital of seven half-crowns. Mr. Rivers, ac cording to the articles of association, was pro vided with a handsome salary, and was only bound to attend at liis office for three hours a day. To be brief, it appeared from Mr. Graves's statement that Mr. Rivers formed a very largo proportion of the soliome of things in the companies -formed by that gentleman, and, according to tlie member for Delatite, it was necessary to warn tlie public against tiic danger of taking shares in projects that had been floated by Mr. Rivers. The Commissioner of Railways has re ceived numerous invitations from the coun try districts to bo present at banquets in recognition of the satisfaction the Railway Construction Bill had given in the various (lis- tricts. Mr. Patterson has accepted several in citations, but the dates of the various demon strations have not yet been fixed. The Commissioner of Railways lias decided not to run- excursion trains between Eagle- lutwk and Sandhurst during tlie holidays. Tlie Minister of Railways intimated yester day that lie was promulgating a schema by which suburban trains would inn to and from the most important up-country towns on Saturdays. Pending the receipt of a profes sional report, none of the details have yet been adopted, but the change in any case will not take place till after tlie holidays. The Minister of Railways has received a report from Mr. W. R. Martin, an officer of tlie department, on tlie ICilennda coalfield and the question of constructing a tramway be tween that place and Griffith's Point. Mr. Martin estimates that the cost of delivering the coal in Melbourne would be 21s. per ton without allowing interest on capital or trofit to tlie owners of the mine. The present cost of coal from New South Wales delivered to the Railway department in Melbourne is 20s. 3d. per ton. The cost of altering tho present tram way into a rail way on the 3 feet gauge l'or loeoultitive traffic, with sufficient rolling stock to carry 60,000 tons of coal and other goods per annum, together witli tho probable number of passengers that would travel by the line, would be approximately £ 20,000 ; and tho working expenses, maintenance and interest on capital £1405 per annum. The above sum of £20,000 does not include anything for the purchase of tlie present tramway, or for any additional land which may be required for deviating from tlie present route. To pay tlie above working expenses, &c.;, would require a traffic equal to 89,300 tons per annum nt Is. per Ion, a much ' larger truffle tlinu licV.hinks is likely to be car ried by this line. The Western Port Coal j Mining Company, in the letters dated 27th i Jafiuary and 8tli and 12th November of this year, offer to supply the department witli 00,000 tons of coal from tho mine : nt Kilcuuda at tho same rate as the de partment is now paying for the supply of : New South Wales coal, if the Government will purchase the rights of tho company in the tramway for £7500, and carry coal for the ' company at tlie rate of Old. pur ton per mile. This would give to the railway for freight a ' sum of £1500 per milium, leaving £32 -.4 per j annum to bo supplied from other sources of j revenue to balance the receipts and working 1 expenses, &c.;, including interest on tlie pur- j chase money for tlie tramway. ' If the railway \ between Griffith's Point and Kilcuuds is ill- j tended to carry coal .only, so much accommo- i dutiou would "not be required as is provided | lor in the above estimates, and tho cost of tlie | liue und working expenses could be somewhat 1 reduced. He estimates tho cost of continuing the lino on to Cape Patterson, a lengtli of eleven and a quarter miles, including rolling- stock for about 100 tons per diem, ut £29,128. The following tenders were accepted yester day by the Commissioner of Public Works : — Additional water supply Lunatic Asylum, Kew, W. Pyle, £102 14a. 2d.; repairs to court, Beaufort, Wealcs nnd M'Kcnzie, £74 ; repairs to stockade fence, Jamieson, Weaks and M'Kenzie, £127 ; cast iron pivot blocks for defence works, Queenscliff, P. Bevan,£49 10s.; repairs and ventilation, city watchhouse, Little Collins-street, G. Booker, £147 5s.; repairs to courthouses, Buninyong, Lewis and Roberts, £72 ; painting and repairs mercantile marine- office, Melbourne, Weaks and M'Kenzie, £19 ; Repairs to police building, Coghill's Creek, Weaks and M'Kenzie, £70. Mr. Langridge and Mr. Cook, Ms.L. A., visited Northcote yesterday to inspect the main drain, which, it wnh complained, was in a very objectionable condition. An applica tion lias been mndo to the Public Works de- .partlncnt for assistance to improve tho drain, and carry out tho suggestions made by tho local board of health. The object of the visit paid by tho Commissioner of Public Works was to ascertain what aid tho department could give. Mr. Laugridgo promised to send a reply to the council in writing. In the Legislative Council yesterday Mr. Balfour gave notico of liis intention to movo on Tuesday next that a return be laid on the table of tho House of all notices sent to the Attorney-General in accordance with the pro visions in the Police Offences Statute Amend ment Act, of the intention to bold raffles or . distributions of property or works of art dur ing tlie period . from 1st January to 9th December, 1SS0 ; such return to contain the particulars embodied in such notices, as to promoters and objects of such raifles or dis tribution ; also tho cases, if auy, in which the Attorney-General lias prohibited such rallies. Mr. Anderson lias given notico that ho will movo on Tuesday next, " That in the opinion of this Houso it is desirable that the Attorney- General Bhouid at once take steps to prevent Briilges's art union, as advertised in the lial- iarat Star of 7 til December, and all other art unious of a kindred character, from takiiig place." Mr. Miraras has given notico of ills intention to move, "That in the-opinion of this House- the return for the late election for the district of Rodney, being irregular and illegal, the seats for the said district aro therefore declared ' vacant."-,.-' Tho section of tho Social Science Congress . met at Glen's rooms, Collins-street, yester day afternoon ; Sir. Tlios. Loader in the chair. The first paper read was by Dr. -M'Carthy, on Inebriate Retreats, in which he strongly pro tested against doctors prescribing alcoholic liquors for patients, and also recommended, in commotion with police establishments, that a warm large room lie provided for drunkards brought in, and that a police surgeon be in attendance. A second paper 011 Deeimal Systems, by Mr. B. Cow- deroy, was next taken, also another on tlie same subject by Mr. Foord. This after noou the following papers will be taken : — On Federation, by Mr. H. R. NichdTls, Ballnrat, nnd Mr. Evans. In the evening — A Victorian Free Port Town, by E. Stcinfeld, nnd the Fiscal System of Victoria, by Mr. E. Lang- ton. The Banking Jlecord inclines to the opinion that there will shortly be a reduction in Vic toria in tlie rate of interest allowed for fixed deposits to 3 per cent, per annum maximum. It also states that negotiations are being com pleted whereby the Oriental Bank Corporation" will move its business to the corner of Collins- street and Queen -street, so long occupied by the Union Bank of Australia. New premises are to bo creeled, which will be specially de signed for the position, and which will be worthy of the splendid site they are to . occupy. Yesterday being the last day of Hilary Term, the usual admission of barristers and attorneys to practice in the Supreme Court took place. The following gentlemen wera admitted to practico as hamsters : — Patrick Real nnd Patrick M'Mahon Glynn. Tlie following were admitted to practico ns at torneys : — Charles Wozencraft Morgan, Jas. M'Lnughlin, George Frederick Oakley, Arthur Speed and Charles Budd V/ alter. Tho manner in which some thieves will keep to 0110 particular kind of filching was- strikingly illustrated at the City Court yester day. Ill one case an old thief named William Moore was charged with stealing fowls from , llic premises of Mr. Burston, on the Fleming- ton-road. He was caught in the yard by Mr. Burston, with a basket near him, which 011 examination was found to contain five of Mr. Burstun's hens, with their necks screwed. Sergeant Dalton, to whose custody Moore was entrusted, informed the bench that he had known the prisoner for the past fourteen years as a thief, but that Btealing fowls was his "weakness." Twenty other convictions, all for poultry stealing, were recorded against him, both in the city and suburbs. In fact it would appear that the first tiling Moore does when lie comes out of guol is to disturb a lien roost. The bench thought it better to give him a long sentence, and accordingly sunt him to gaol for two years with hard lalmr. Another instance was that of an old man named Wis, Redfern, charged with stealing bonks from the Temperance Hall Library. He had received three other sentences for the same thing, and had, after coining out of gaol, robbed the Temperance Hall Library of eight books. Mr. Fergusson, the secretary, tohl tlie bench that no less than one hundred books had been lost duriug the month of August, and prisoner was suspected, as the culprit. He was sentenced to three " mouths' imprisonment, with bard labor. The young roughs, Peter Boben, John Ryan, . Richard Bryant and Henry Wnrne, who Btuck up Mrs. Weeks's hotel, at the corner of Leiees- . tor nnd Elizabeth streets, Carlton, on last Saturday night, were brought before tho City Bench yesterdny, and charged with the offence. Constable R. Love proved that U10 prisoners were in possession of the hotel nnd behaving in tho most outrageous manner. On Constables Love and Hannou entering the premises they were threatened with violence, and closed the doors to keep the crowd of larrikins outsido from attacking them. The bench sentenced Bolieu to six months' imprisonment, with hard labor, on the charge of stoaling a bottle of porter from Mrr. Weeks. Ryan received a sen tence of six months' imprisonment, with hard labor, for the same offence, was fined £10, or three months, for using threatening lan guage to Constable Love, and £10, or three months, on a charge of insulting behavior, as well as lieing fined £5, with 5s. costs, or two : months' imprisonment, for damaging the cab he was brought in. Henry Warne was dis charged, as the evidence against him was by no means strong. The fines were not paid, nnd the prisoners were removed to gaol. Yesterday Constable Doyle, of the Hothnni police, was successful in arresting, nt the Kensington racecourse, another of the young roughs who stuck up tlie Newmarket Hotel, Carlton, on Saturday night lost. The prisonc-r, whose name is Cornelius O'Lcary, will be brought up at the City Court to-day. Mention was made yesterday of the eccen tric conduct of an individual named "Walter Evcrarel Stone, alias Weston, who obtained a warrant for the arrest as a lunatic of a per fectly sane person. Stone mndo his apponrance at the Fitzroy Court yesterday armed with a formidable array of legal looking papers. He announced his intention of taking out another warrant, and, seating himself at the solicitors' tnblo, commenced to stamp his papers with a rubber stamp. Mr. Lyons, solicitor, coming into the court questioned liis right to sit at tho table, nnd after an amusing seeno tlie bench ordered a constable to turn tho man out of court. He left unwillingly. A capture was effected yesterday by Detec- tives Totter and Smith, of a woman named Emily Johnson, alias O'Sullivan, on a charge of stealing a diamond ring worth £160 from Mrs. Margaret Bury, at Rathdowne-street, Carlton. The ring was stolen on the 4th inst., and was traced to a pawn shop on the 5th inst., where the prisoner had pledged it, and from the description furnished she was arrested yesterday. The following casualties were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday: — Emma Hodge, 17 years of age, residing at Elizabeth- street, suffering from the effects of swallowing a quantity of salts of lemon, taken by mistake for Epsom salts ; Patrick Connell, 11 years of age, living at Henry-street, CoIIingwood, suf- fering from injuries to the leg, caused by a butcher's cart running over him whilst he was lying in the street in a fit. George Smedley, aged 41, living at Doncaster, suffering from a compound fracture of tho leg, sustained by an axe slipping and striking him whilst engaged in splitting wood. Lundelt Knape, 20 years of age, residing at Coburg, suffering from in- juries to the back, caused by being thrown out of a cab which collided with another vehicle at the bottom of Brunswick-street, when the wheel passed over his back. The intercolonial convention of the Young Men's Christian Association resumed their sittigs at the Young Men's Christian Asso- ciation Hall, Russell-street, yesterday ; Mr. David Walker, of Sydney, in tlie cliair. Reference was made to the misunder standing at present existing concerning the objects and work of the association, and with the view of extending more reliable information, the convention recommended Dial the papoi a taken should be wholly devoted to the work of tlie Y.M.C. Association, tho Watchman, published in Chicago, to be tho paper adopted by the associations. The Sydney Monthly Motes was also highly re commended for the Australian colonies. Mr. "W. Hitchcock, late of the London Young Men's Christian Association, gave nil address on Tlie Financial Work of the Association, nnd How to Carry it out Successfully. Special reference was made to the debt of £5000 on tho Melbourne Association's building, and Mr. HitcboockrccommcndedthtttlOO gentlemen should work together and give £50 each. He Svould promiso £50 to atart tho list. He re- , commanded that -tho gentlemen acting ns sec retaries should not bo looked upon as collectors also. An address upon Important Phases of tho work of a General Secretary was read by Mr. Marsh. The Rev. Samuel Savage oc cupied tho chair at the-evening session. Mr. A. Walker, General Secretary of the Adelaide association, read nqinperon U10 Social Element Recreation, &c.;, in Connection witli our As sociations. The Rev. H. B. Macartney contributed a paper, How can wo Secure a Better Interchange of Feeling Among Asso ciations, and More Frequent Conventions ? A woil sustained and animated discussion fol lowed the reading of tlie papers. On tlie mo tion of tho Rev. H. A. Langley, it was resolved to inako an effort to sceuro a biennial conven tion. The convention adjourned until to-day at two o'clock. Tho sessional anniversary of tho Congrega tional College was held in tho Congregational Ilall, Russell-street, on Tuesday evening ; Mr. M.J.Brown in tho chair. The secretary read an abstract of the annual report, and, referring to tlie necessity of inducing young men to enter tho college as a training school for future usefulness, stated that tho committee invd written to various denominations possess ing no college with tho view of inviting them to send their young men to_ join the college, and the reply bad been in. nearly every case that 110 young- men wero coming forward. Reference was mndo to the appointment of the Row Alexander Morrison as librarian, nnd a high oulogiiun passed upon the energy and ability shown by that gentleman. The Rev. A. Gosman, principal of the collcgo, gavo a general report of the work done during the past session, nnd laid particular stress' upon the importance of the studios in English. The importance of Beeuring good preaching had not been overlooked, and.sermous aud ex positions had been written by the students themselves, nnd road in tlie classes and freely criticised. Tho Rolfo prize of £5 had been won by Mr. Hiscocks, Mr. Moon second, and Mr. Piatt, a junior, third. Tlio Revs. Mr. Meiidowcroft, J. Reid and Mr. Morrison, pro fessors in the different departments of Btudy, rend. reports showing that satisfactory work had been done by tho students during the past term, Mr. J. Piatt having in all tho examina tions attained the highest position. The I'cv. Samuel Hebditcli delivered an impressive ad dress to the students, and after the usual devo tional exercises the meeting terminated. The annual statement of receipts and ex penditure of tho Borough of St. Kilda, .together. with the auditors' report, was pre sented at the council meeting on Monday even ing. Tlie auditors testified to tlie accuracy of the accounts, and the report was adopted. The receipts for the yeaT wercsliown to be £12,806 16s. 8d.; the expenditure, £12,379 12s. Id.; leaving a balance in tlie bank of£427 4s. 7d. At a special meeting of the Coburg Shire Council, held on Monday evening, it was de- cided that a special rate of 1s. in the pound be levied on the ratable property of the shire. The following case of snake bite is recorded by the Benalla Standard : — " On Saturday morning last, a young woman — Miss Yeo- mans — staying at Mr. Rogers, Boweya, was bitten by a snake. Mr. and Mrs. Rogers had just started for Benalla to see the cricket match, when the young woman named had her attention directed to the stable, where- the dog and poultry were making a somewhat unusual noise. On proceeding thither she dis- covered the cause of the disturbance, in the shape of a snake — one of the black species — above 5 feet in length. The dog (a pet ani- mal, having been brought from home with the family) was barking furiously at the reptile, and endeavoring to seize it ; but Miss Yeo- mans, fearing the result, courageously at- tempted to draw the canine pet away, and in doing so was herself set upon by his snake- ship, who instantly coiled around her arm and waist, and bit her on the left arm. Even then the young person did not lose her presence of mind ; she clutched the snake, disengaged it from her person, and threw it some distance away from her. She tied a ligature above the infected part, and then, there being nobody else at home but herself, walked to a neighbor's, about half a mile distant, for assistance. At this place there were three or four men, each of whom was unable or unwilling to cut the punctured flesh out ; so the poor woman had to do it in her own way. She succeeded in ' hacking ' her arm about to some extent, and then applied ammonia to the part. She also swallowed some brandy, which by good luck was at hand. Mr. Rogers was overtaken, and returned to his friend's assistance ; horses were provided, and the two hastened into Benalla for medical assistance. They arrived in town, after riding about seventeen miles, which dis- tance was travelled in about an hour and a-half. The sufferer dismounted at the door of Mr. M'Burney's shop in a half-fainting con- dition, but was soon revived. Dr. Nicholson was immediately sent for, and the young woman was properly attended to ; so that she was enabled to proceed homeward in a healthy condition on Sunday." A good deal of excitement has lately been caused in Hobart by a mysterious and ghostly form that kept appearing from time to time in lonely places, frightening women out ' of their senses. On one occasion it attempted to throw n handkerchief over tho face of a yonng girl who was walking out alone in tlie evening. A Hobart telegram in tlie J.aunccston Examiner says: — "The ghost mystery lias been tho excitement of to-day (3rd. -December). It appears that between one and two o'clock this morning tbroo constables who were in Salamanca-place, near the old St. David's Cemetery, noticed a man standing in the middle of the road, and a wliite figure Bimilar to that which others have seen, and which lias been called ' the ghost,' on the footpath. The man, who turned out to be Thomas Nevin, the town hall keeper, -.was arrested, and two of tho constables chased the ghost, who was iloet-footed, but would have been captured only one of tlie constables fell. This afternoon tho police committee -held an inquiry into the matter. Their proceedings lasted five hours, and a number of witnesses were examined witli a view of elucidating the mystery. The result of their deliberations was that Nevin wns held to be to blame, but the facts adduced were not sufficiently strong to warrant his being prosecuted. It line not been ascertained who the individual is who has been acting the part of the ghost, but there is reason to hope that he will soon be detected." By the arrival of H.M.S. Beagle tho Echo is placed in possession of information respecting the colonising expedition of tlie Marquis de Ray. " When Captain de Houghton nnd the Rev. Mr. Danks had ended their journey of four days of hard travel across New Britain 1n Bcareh of particulars regarding tho massacre of tlie captain and crew of the Loilia. the Beagle set sail for New Ireland, and there found tho Marquis de Ray's iufant colony in full swing. Tlie steamship Genii was still there, and she bad been joined by the steam ship India, which also sailed under tlie Libe- rian flag, and brought to New Ireland about 300 immigrants, including women and chil dren. They bad eliosen a more suitable place than Likiliki Bay — a place about six miles dis tance, between Cocoanut Maud and Cupe George. A small cove afforded snug anchor age for the Genii and India, and two fine streams of water flowed down into the sea. Tho country was mountainous, but more inland it wns said to be bettor. No natives inhabit that part, except the few who were employed assisting tho immigrants to clear away the thick scrub. Three deaths liad taken place from fever and ague, but tho other settlers wero not very much affected by the malady. They appeared to be possessed of excellent machinery for agricultural purposes, and a townsbip'was in course of formation, the most noticeable structure being a chapel. I11 the meantime the colonists wero living on board the India and Genii, When the next consign ment from the Marquis arrives tho Genii is to leavo for Sydney for a supply of cattle and sheep." At tlie Opera House last evening, Lovell's well- known romantic play of Ingomar was repeated to a numerous audience. Mr. Theo. Hamilton sustained the part of Ingomar with spirit and skill, though lie allowed liis voico at times to drop so low as to make it quite impossible to follow the dialogue. Miss Annie Mayor played Parthonia with grace and refinement of feeling, and achieved quite a decided success. The audience honored both Miss Mayor and Mr. Hamilton with several recalls. The remaining characters were repre sented only in a moderately satisfactory man ner. This evening a benefit will be given to Mr. S. Emery, wlien a dramatised version of Dieken's Dombey and Son will be played. There was a large attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening, on the occasion of the final representation of Twelfth Night. This evc-niii" a benefit will be tendered to Miss Louiso i'oincroy. who appears as Juliet. The popularity attained by Miss l'ouieroy will doubtlesB draw a crowded houso this evening. To-morrow night Bho will appear in East Lyitne. The Love Chase will ho again performed at the Bijou Theatre this evening. Tlie comedy is well played, and is commanding a well deserved patronage. Ship Ahoy will be produced for tho last time this evening at tho People's Theatre. , To-morrow evening Mr. C. H. Taylor will ninko liis nppearauce in the Ticket of Leavo Man. St. Georgo's Ilall continues to bo well patronised, nnd the entertainment presented liy the Kelly and Leon Minstrels received with great favor. Mr, Charles Packer's oratorio, Tho Crown of Thorns, will bo given for ;tlio first time In Melbourne this evening at the Town HnlL The frill" particulars of tlie performance are announced in to-day's advertisement co lumns. -/ The -wire rope perfonciiiee by Onzilo, who stylet himself tlie champion of Australia, will he given this evening in Spcnccr-sirect, West Melbourne. Tlie Minister of Education lias promised to preside at tlie convert In tho llothatn Town Hall this erSnlnz ill aid of tlie prize futuls of the West Melbonrne school bourd of lulviee. Tlio.monthly meeting of the Victoria Mutual Build ing and Investment Society waa heid 011 Wednesday; Mr. Thomas Alston In the chair. The takings were announced to be £1-4,747 is. SiL The monthly meeting of the County of Bcurko Ten inai.cut Building Society was held on Wednesday cieniug ; Dr. Madden, M.D.A., cbairmau. ..ni- receipts for 1)10 month amounted to ii.vilti 4s. 6d. . The monthly nivctitig of tho Seventh Union Ter-' nhiiu-.ing liuijiUng Society was held on Wednesday; Mr. H. Miller in the cliair. Tlie receipts of tlio evening were announced us £3SU6 Be. Id., and llftcen shares wero sold at iiS per share premium. The monthly meeting of tho New Third Victoria nulldlng niul Investment Society (second series) wa« held on Wednesday ; Mr. Thomas Alston in tho chair." l'lio takinits wero announced to bo £2UU0 4s, Gd. Tvventy.olght shares were balloted, and twenty shares wero sold. At the mechanics' institute, Brunswiek, on Tuesday, Mrs. ltobort Tuibot, who for the past seven vcars hat occupied the position of correspondent fur the hoard ing-out committee, was presented bv tlie luuvor ot the borough, Mr. M. I.. Hutchinson, 011 licludf of ihe foster- parents with a handsome cameo brooch as a token of respect and appreciation of the kind manner in which Blic had discharged tho duties connected with tlie position. At Cubing yesterday ae-l'lioon, Mrs. O. O. Duncan, who bus lille-d a similar position there, was presented with a handsomely-ornamented writing, desk, ns a mark of esteem. On Tuesday evening two ladies' jackets wero found in tlie Yarn, near the Falls-bridge, by a watchman \- on board tlio Suva named Murdoch. They were some- what worn, mid several mavks, as if burnt in by che micals, were upon them. In one of the pockets was foimu u New South Wales 2d. postage stamp, enclosed In a purse bearing tho inscription — " A present from Melbourne." The Jackets were 'taken laissessiou of by Constable He-ITenian, und now 'lie at tho Emerald-hill police station uwidting an owner. Tlie weekly meeting of the committee of tlie Bene volent Asylum wub held at the institution vesterday afternoon ; Mr. Whitney in the chair. The. medical oliicer reiwrted as follows : — Number 01 patients under treatment In hospital, 87 men, S3 women ; "number under treatment not in hospital, 33 men, 0 women ; total under treatment, 223. Deaths: Mary Anne Moffati, native ot Dlssgow, 011 the 2nd inst., ol asthma, aged IA years ; Mary Black, native of county Cuvaii. Ireland, .aged 73 years, on tlie 2nd inst., of chronic bronchitis. The superintendent's reliort showed tho state of tho lu.uso to he : — 41-f men, 203 women . total, 021. Vacancies, 2 men, S women. The Installation of Hru. M. Marks as WJ1. of the King Solomon Lodge, I.Ck 422, took place at tho Masonic Hall on the 0th inst. , In the presence Of alurgo gathering of the brethren. The eeremonv was performed by the D.i'.O.M., Bro. «. Baker, as sisted by P.M. Bro. A. T. Best, a KVu- Uowski, J. Duress, H ClcddUl and Cantor, P.D.J. W. Ihe following wero uiccteii anil iusuiUod In their re spective offlcea:— Bro. Mosei Dark, W.M.; Bro. B. fcbi&miel;, S.W.; Bro. K Cohou, J.W.; Bro. Wm. Marr, % treasurer ; Bro. L. J. lilauchsird, hot), secretary : Bro. P.M. J. Durosa, S.U.; Bro. J. Burt, J.D.; Bro. J. Holmes, I.CJ. ThcTistial monthly meeting of the committee ot man. Qgement of the JumiigrAias' Aid Soctctv wu» held ou Tuesday, in tho Lecture-room, Collins- street Baptist Church. The atnle of the house \v;w reported as follows Hcmfthuiig last week, U19 ; admitted since, 17 ; discharged, 18 ; died. 1 — from cancer of tho mouth, Jonathan Barton, aed tW ycuta, native of Cambridge, Kngland ; remaining-, 384 men, 177 women and 103 children ; hi till, G07. At the same time last year there were 339 men, 1U3 women and l£i children. Thero arc 84 men, 18 women and 1 child sick, 8 inou atom-breaking, 231 oakum- picking, &c.;, nnd 0 working outside ; 12 women in the laundry, 10 sewing, ISO hair-teasing, ike. The nightly averngo of casual during the week was 19 mules' nnd 3 females. Outdoor relief wo given to 14 families, or 48 individuals, on prcscutiug the relief curds of the society. A large tiumber of the regular pas.se/igoru by the Golden Crown met at the Lounge, Bourka-strcct, Inst evening, for tho purposo of making n presentation to Mr. Lartcn, late chief officer of the above vessel. The souvenir took tho shape of a himdsuinc gold bunting lever wutch, upon which wns the following inscrip tion 14 Presented to Mr. L. Lurseii by a few friends on his rctircu teift from tlie utciuner Gulden Crown, Utli December, 18b0." Mr. Anderson, in making tlio presentation, said the gratification he felt in uojpg so was fully rociprocutou by his fciiow- passcngcr4,wlio had so often been the recipients uf the kindness and utleiition shown by the kite chief officer ; nnd ho hoped that In his flew curecr lie would meet with many new frieuds. The health ut .Mr. Lumen was then drunk in bumpers of chumpngne, und responded to by him in a few well-chosen words. Mr. Lursea proceeds to Gippshnd to take charge ot the steam ship Tanjil on the Lukes. a committee meeting of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Show was held v.l tlie society's office, KusUirn Arcade, ou Saturday evening. A considerable auiouut uf routine busmct-rt in connection with tlie forthcom ing dog show was transacted. Tho secretary reported that he had communicated, by circular, witli upwards ot 2U9 gentlemen who were interested iu dogs, and hud received promises of support both in special prizes and exhibits from some of them. Several of the mem bora present promised specials for various breeds ,of dogs, and the secretary was instructed to interview the lending .dog. owners, with a view to obtaining their support. It was decided to hold a social general meeting, at the Hanover Booms, Eastern Arcade, oa Saturday evening next, and to invite the attendance of ail persons interested. Tho drawing of plana and specifications for the show was entrirteil to Mr. W. I'itt. Dr Le Fevro was unanimous.! -fectcda rieo patron, and several other geutU'"V"ierc elected members. Proofs of a very hutitbbiue certificate for the show wero submitted by tbo secretary aud ap proved. The ceremony of the installation of officers of the Lodge of Judah, S. C., took place ou Tuesday evening in the Masonic Hull, with great eclat. There wn9 a very large gathering of the brethren, ihe masters of several hundred lodges and their officers being amongst the visitors. Brother Goldstein, P.M., per funned the ceremony of installation. Br. F. A. Bur ton was inducted as K.W.M., and the following ol0« cent were duly installed aud invested with their In "signia of office Deputy Master, Br. Spink, ; sub-master, Br. Moore, P.M. ; senior warden, Br T. Miller ; junior warden, Br. J. Coverlid ; treasurer, Br. Cnbill ; secretary, Br. Wright ; chaplain, Br. Gold- stein, P.M.; organist, Br. Pcmrton ; senior deacon, Br. Kitz ; junior deacon, Br. Loughuau ; inner guard, Br Floyd ; stewards, Brs. Bobardt and Itauicl ; tyler, Br. Levey. A banquet was held subsequently, in the lower hall, at which about 130 of the brethren sat down, the B.W.M. presiding. Br. Paul acted oa ca terer ou the oc satisfactorily. The usual masouic und loyal toast were given And responded to, the proceedings bolng enlivened by the lodgo choir, under Br. Pcrratoa.' The evening was spent most eiijoyably. 