J ACTA PQPTJLI. By the Elanetje. C : It is somewhat a remarkable fact that cracking a joke at the expense of others is a far more agreeable occupation to many of us than having the same feat performed on ourselves. The droll stories respecting Catholic affairs, which from time to time -have amused the readers of certain daily journals, have no doubt been looked upon by their different perpetrators a3 the smartest items since the days of Balzac ; but : wnen tno caoies aro turned, and 1/r. vaughan indulges in a little harmless pleasantry respecting the man who simply looked into his hat and j counted fifteen, those worthy Pharisees are immediately struck dumb with pious horror, at tho thought of this trifling with matters sacred. These are tho men who labour under tho impres oion that tho Deity can only bo addressed in tho feigned sepulchral voice of tho ghost in Hamlet, and only approached when their cadaverous facoc arc ao long as a lawyer's bill, or a politician's j promise. This is a mistake. Man was not ' made to mourn,' and no ono know this fact bettor than tho ploughman-poet who said he Srmsj man was made to laugh, and shout, and fling up his hat, and go to eight-hour picnics, and have the best of times in general. Our pious censors should remember that a smile sits well 1 on the lips of all, and besides on their own evidence it is often advisable to do to others a9 thoy do to us. And speaking honestly, and without tho leaBt wish to offend, I must say my own feelings relative to the Dissenting service aro in accordance with those of the man who counted fifteen. Be yond a doubt we all possess two essential yet widely different elements of composition — viz., the spiritual and the corporal, and in a certain measure it is only through the latter that we can influence or approach tho former. In a Catholic church, the finished design of tho edifice, the beauty of its decorations, the mystic solemnity of the rites, and the sublimity of tho music, all com bine to place the person attending in that peculiar frame of mind so necessary for the re ception of ideas more elevated and spiiitual than those which trouble his every-day existence. In other churches we simply get four bare walls, a very mundane-looking pulpit, and music that would engender profanity even in the guileless breast of a Chinese fiddler. Human nature is weak, and will frequently fall asleep even before the eyes of the Ciceronic Dowie, or in the im posing presence of the gifted Beg. That this is nothing new, I gather from an American paper dated 1646, which says : ' Ye dame Ballard hav ing knocked down her Bible, it fell to ye floore with much unseemlio noise, whereupon Brother Tompkins, being asleep, and dreaming lie were engaged in ye playing of skittles, jumped up above ye floor, and to ye great wonder of all ex claimed, 'all down but four— stick 'em up again'' — bully for Tompkins — ' and when ho perceived his mistake ye Tompkins party was much subdued.' It would further seem that the ladies of 1646 were unduly favoured, for the journal continues, -' Ye women may sometimes sleepe, and none know it by reason of their enormous bonnets,' and the writer continues that Mr, Whistler the parson doth ' pleasantlie saye from ye pulpi^ that he doth seem to be preaching to stacks of straw with men jotting here and there among them.' Mr. Whistler is dead now, but I am afraid the bulk of his congregation aro still jogging along amongst us. We have been lately visited by three lady professors of the greatest of all arts — viz,, tho art of cookery — and each of these ladies has in turn I been taken under the sheltering wing of Bishop Barker. With the polished address of a Chester field, he lias introduced those fair philanthropists to the favourable notice of the Sydney public ; he has joked upon tho superiority of the bodily food these ladies prepare as contrasted with the spiri tual diet supplied by some of his own disciples ; and ho has even condescended to taste and pronounce Miss Whiteside's hash aB good, and Miss Fidlor's toad-in-the- hole as excellent. This looks suspicious. Voltaire declared that lie could make a man profess any religion he pleased providing he was allowed to choose the diet and arrange the cooking. Who knows but Bishop Barker has the same design in view P ' Believe me,' Bays Plautus, ' it is not for nothing that a rich man salutes a poor ono and believe me it is not for nothing that my Lord of Sydney interests himself in such carnal matters as giblet pies or steak and oyster suppers. There's one good point about Judge Meymott ; no matter liow often ho leaves us or how far he goes, we always hear from him. During the past week he has been dispensing justice in the thriving township of Inverell, and amongst the different gentlemen who attended his somewhat undesirable levee were two heathen Chinese, Messrs. Ah Right and Ly Yee. Being of a con siderate turn of mind, his Honor carefully pointed out to the jury that both prisoners were, in his opinion, guilty, Mr. Ah Right being probably more in tho wrong than Mr. Ly Yee. After which tlie jury shook up their conclusions, and returned a verdict of guilty against the latter, and not guilty against tho very man the judge considered most to blame. His Honor's surprise was so great that he could scarcely keep his wig on, but after a time he regained sufficient strength to sit up and sentence Mr. Ly Yeo to one hour in tho Government cook-shop. This reminds me of a Texan man who was once tried for horse stealing. He was seen to break into the stable and take the horse out ? ho was seen riding tlio horse next day ; it was clearly proved ho sold tho horse that night ; he oven admitted his guilt in tho open court ; but the intelligent jury brought in a verdict of not guilty, because, as they sensibly observed, it wa3 always the safest plan to differ from tho opinions of a person in his position until tliey knew by experience how far to trust him. Francis, Lord of Verulam, was of opinion that reading made a full man. If this is true, Dr. Steel must be as full as if he had just sat out an aldermanic banquet, and could call for what he required in pure French ; because the Dr. has just informed us ho liaa 'read ono book each day for the last five years.' I don't know whether ho moans that ho has confined his read ing to one particular book for five years, or J whether lie has mentally devoured 1825 volumes, I but it'3 a creditable feat anyway ; and if any I sporting character feels inclined to back himself to read tho Dr. for a thousand hour's, a match can be made by calling either upon Dr. Beg or the School of Arts, on Sunday. It is extremely gratifying to observe the marked change in the doings of our Municipal Council, and the elevation of tone so striking in the con duct of our City Fathers. Only last week, the new walk around Fort Macquarie requiring a name, Alderman Moore proposed it be called the Tar peian Way. This was carried nem. con. Malicious persons say many of the aldermen consented, be cause they imagined the Tarpeian Way had something to do with our asphalte pavements ; but these remarks are beneath contempt. Fifty extra lamps were also ordered to be erected for the purpose of throwing new light upon munici pal darkness, and a coat of whitewash was gene rously voted for the adornment of the Town Hall. The clock is also being doctored up, and if Mrs. Britten's earthquake or tho millenium don't overtake us soon, tlie chances are the Mayor will again be enabled to open and close tlie Coun cil meetings without having to send out to an adjoining pub. to know what time it is. These thoughtful improvements indicate a rising spirit of advancement in our worthy representatives, and probably before long our eyes will be ravished by the sight of a new dirt- cart. However, we mustn't expect too much — Rome wasn't built in a day — and if we had the building of it, I don't suppose the foundation would bo scooped out before tho 19th century. Dr. Werner Siemens of Berlin, is in the habit of sitting up until 1 or 2 a.m in company with a borrowed candle and the lumbago, studying elec tricity, and after thinking himself sick about this interesting subject, he finally prophesies that ' the energy of the solar rays manifested in cur rents of air or falls of water may by and bye, through the electric current, furnish all necessary heat, and render us independent of ordinary fuel. That is to say, the time will come when the sun will be laid on to every three-roomed house, just the same as gas and water are at the present day, and the girl, instead of building up a fire with kerosene oil and Sydney Mails, will simply turn a tap and the solar rays will flow briskly out, ac companied by scraps of obnoxious fish, old boots, and charcoal. Personally, I am not an admirer of electricity. I had a great desire last month to purchase a memento of our Exhibition, but having more desire than money, I groped care fully about with the praiseworthy intention of getting as much as I could for sixpence. After a time I bumped \ip against the stall of a foreign electrician. The professor said I could have two shocks for a penny, and there wa3 no extra charge for their strength or packing. I asked him if lie could guaranteo^they were genuine shocks, because I was taken in once by an inferior article. He said he could, so I ordered twelve of his best, at a hundred and fifty. I only took one, but it was about the most filling purchase I havo ever made. My first impression Avas that I had just been ap pointed Czar of Russia, and the usual Nihilist torpedo had gone off in my coat-tail pockets. After this I began to imagine I was the Rev. Peter Campbell, breaking in an unlimited number of young horses, and getting a fair share of tho breaking part of the business put down to my own account ; and finally I undertook to throw fifty somersaults, and dance a Maori fandango in 'fifty seconds. Subsequently, I handed the balance of my purchase over to a charitable insti tution, after which I spent tho rest of the day picking up odd pieces of my spine, and passing uncharitable remarks upon science in general. 