Visit of Bishop Ualu to Warwick. *nie Right Key. Dr. Hale, Bishop of Bris bane, has jnst m ule his annual visit to War wick for the purpose of confirming at St. Murk's and the various cburebi* in the district, «nd for consecrating the Church of England grounds 'at t^e Cemetery. Be arrived herd ou Saturday ftf.tornotfp, aud was met at the station by the Rev. J as. Matthews, the Rev. K- C. Oiborn, and several friends, and was driven to the rectory. On Sunday morning ho attended St. Mark's Church, aud administered the Holy Com' muuion to a large number of the congregation after the eleven o'clock service. The church was decorated with (lowers aud wreaths, aud over the Holy Table waa the appropriate te*t, "They received the Holy Ghost," in gold letters on a grouud, and surrouuded by a crimson wreath of flowers of red and white chrysanthemums. The church was crowded at every service. Confirmation. In the afternoon His Lordship held the anuuai confirmation of candidates for member ship in the church. The service commenced at three o'clock, but loug before that hour the seats, excepting those reserved for the candi dates, were closely occupied. About fifty young people, male and female, were con firmed, and received the layiug on of hands by ; the Bishop. The females were dressed in i white, and wore white head dresses ; all the I candidates marchcd from the Rectory, and | entered the church by the north door, taking their places in the front seats at the upper end of the nave. The Bishop, with the Rev. Jas. Matthews (rector), and Rev. E. C. Osborn (curate), having robed at the rectory, also en* tered by thenorthdoor. As they approached, the ' congregation sang the 3 >5tb Hymn, " Onward I Christian Soldiers." The Kev. E. C. Osboru. then read the Litany, after which the 181st Hymn was sung. The Uisiiop then ascended the pulpit and delivered an address to the young people about to be coufirmed. He Grst spoke regarding the day, viz., Whitsunday, aud said that in olden times the day was specially chosen for the baptism of persons who hud aimed at mature yetus, and who after long preparation for the sue red ceremony came on that day to bo baptised or admitted into the membership of Lhe church. The females were dressed in *v into, as the young persons who wero about to present the m selves on that day wore, and hunco the day was called Whitsunday. .The candidates who now presented themselves had, not, as was the case in previous days, beon converted from heathen fuiit»| ir bad been living in ignorauce of religion. They had been living in a knowledge of the Christian religion from their infancy, and they had come that day to take upon themselves the vows which \ were made for them when they were infants. It was not a second baptism,but rather a supplementary one, or admittance into the membership of the church, and a declara* lioQ that they would remain in that blessed Christian covenant all the days of . their livos. He impressed upon them the necessity of re membering the lessous which the day taught. They could do nothing without the help of God ; the holy spirit was needful for guidauce in all they did, all they «aid, all they thought. This was the ospecial teaching of the lessons of Wliitsuuday. It was particularly manifested in ihi prayer which was offered up when the act of laying on ol' hands took pluce, viz., " Defcud, O Lord, this thy servant." His Lordship theu dwelt at some length upon thu serious nature of the question which would be put to the candidates, and hoped that when they answered them publicly and audibly, they would answer them privately and bincercly in tlinir hearts, so that their replies might bo heard on high by that God of whom they should uot be ashamed, and if so who would not be ashamed of them. He next referred to the importance of the prayer at the confirma tion. 'ihi* words <# Defend, O Lord, this thy servant" implied that they were all weak ana required help I'rom above. He pointed out that there were many things and many timesiu which tboy would require that help. The path of life was beset with dangers on every band. Young people were liable to dangers pvery day and in alamst every hour of their lives. There were dangers to the body and dangers to the soul which all should be guarded agaiuBt, and whenever they felt themselves in danger of being tempted into sin they should remember the prayer he had quoted. There were many dangers which might appear of only a trifling nature, which young people allowed them selves to run into. He particularly called upon the candidates to (piard agaiust these trifling dangers, for it was trifling sins which led tbem to step aside from the true path, and which eventually led them away to commit greater sins. They should remember that the tempter was always lying in wait to indue* tbem to commit sin, and it was by indulging in trifling sins that they would go on ana on until they fell into a wicked way of life. He could continue dwelling upon the danger of committing buioU sins for a long time, but he sincerely trusted that they would pray to be defended from tbem. He seriously counselled them to call upon God to give His Holy Spirit to assist in defending them from the danger of temptations, and to lead a Christian lifo. They should be watchful and prayerful, so that they might, in the words of the con* formation prayer, " daily increase in Thy Holy Spint day by day, until they come to I Thine everlasting Kingdom." Young people ; might think the latter portion of the prayer a ] long way off and would therefore go on in a careless way. But they should know that God oalls the young as well as the old, aud the time might not be so far off for Bome of them as they imagiued. In conclusion, he prayed that God would of His mercy give tbem grace to join earnestly aud fervently in the service, and he asked the congregstion to join with him in offering up their prayers for those young people who were about to be con* firmed. Throughout the address the Bishop was most earnest and impressive, and he was listened to with the closest attention. His Lobdship then descended from the pulpit and took his place within the Commu nion rails. The candidates were then con ducted to the Chaucel, when about 50 were confirmed. The service ooncluded with the singing of the 316th Hymn. 