THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. BY COSMOPOLITAN. Victoria—The great i scun^SHirraK-^ PBOOKESS—FCXTIKEGIIEAINES3—3IANU FACTUBEH —BeHIXD THB SCENES—TILE Avsi?JO&iS; " Hxnmx JISD Pauieb" —Hot plcji- ptodixc-^Oceaxs op TREACLE—PaBLOCE O\TnfASTICS—THE jubor's .atcart — Helboumte by moosxight. . Victoria exhibits in her displayed resources many things that suggest profound social problems awaiting the solution of time. Time, that gieatfsceu?-sMfterin the world's drama,cluinges the locality after a long xxtn, and begins again in a new field, with new actors ant fresh, accessories ; !bnt the themes, n ith some Variation,- are al! pretty ranch the ?me. Some of the actors'live only to acquire wealth—make it their re ligion almost from the nursery to the grave; others live only to spend it. The people who possess biains and those who posses? money often change places and set to other partners. The best men often fail; the worst succeed. There is always the villain of the piece, and as some fall through the trap-door of oblivion, others enter by the side scenes, and pass across the world's stage in the same fleeting fash ion. There is always the same set of characters, gocd and bad, virtuous and vile, and love—"Time's fool"—provides, new performers in the shadowy drama. The transition frcm childhood to youth is not marked by such changes as those which accompany the transition ■ from youth to manhood; and, judging by its infinite possibilities, of which there is abundant evidence spread around, Vic toria trill undergo great changes in the next few years, and crystallize into new. and unlooked-for shapes undreamed of in the past. With food at the low figure it is here, and labour soliigh, and 34 mil lions of people in the old country, where meat is one shilling per lb. and human flesh and blood so cheap, aa sang by Tom Hood, it is not likely the present performance can run many years longer; and unless wo are . v liable. to read the signs cf the times, the present Exhibition will greatly accelerate the impending changes. The sooner the better! There are too many skids on the wheels of progress, and young Victorians, above all,should travel and see, the world. We should like io see and read some of the weekly reports of the foreign commis sions and exhibitors, sent home. ■ It does people good, as the poet Burns has put on record, 'lto see ourselves as others see ns." People denied aspirates, may acquire wealth, and they should not begrudge the eitra t??pence in the school estimate's for the teaching of manners. England has got to the stage- when she can no longer produce a third of the food required to feed her population, and that difficulty is daily increasing, in so small an island. As an American remarked, "It is a very nice little island, but I -was always afraid of fal ling over into the'sea." Well, the Exhi bition has taught ns that that the world will not have to wait centuries to see Aus tralia take her place among nations. In pursuance of our self-imposed task, we have not yet made much progress in finding cut what is not manufactured in *\ ictoria. AYe have, however, satisfied ourselves that at present they do not manufacture "paupers" nor "workhouses.' Neither do they make torpedoes, nor breech- loaders. We have generally le marked that these nations which excel in the one field, are nsually pre-emiuent in in tbc other. May bad legislation and high civilisation never conduct us to that deplorable consummation! We find, how ever, which cvuld hardly be anticipated, that aaions; the Victorian manufactures are tailway locomotives, first-class Ameri can saloon cars of elegant construction, Pullman cars, semaphores, and all kinds of telegraphic apparatns and agricultural machinery, and among them all, .the nucleus of a museum of antiquities, in the" form of t'je first plough nsed in the colony. This patriarch among ploughs bears the marks of age and rou^h service endured in its pioneering mission, and should be preserved in a tl.-iss case for future genera tions. Such things as parquet floerin!;, china, pottery, bronzes and embroidered ecclesiastical vestments, are amongst the Victorian exhibits. What would the gold digger of a bye-gone day say to the List-named I What Captain Costigan said of the gold-epauleted, be-decorated, s'aff officer, probably, on the occasion of his first beholding that glittering peisoaage —"How I should like to pawn him." After seeing only the finished result in Victorian exhibits, we thought it well to ate the uuxbis operandi, and Messrs Swal-. low and Ariell first showed ns behind the" scenes at their factory at Sandridge. Everybody knows the great English manufactory of Hnnlley and Palmer at Heading, with its 3000 employed. Sir. Swallow graduated many years ago in that Alma Mater, and here we have au Aus tralian Huntley and Palmer fast growing up. The factory already covers a lar*e space of ground.' We know not how niauy. tuns of flour, butter, &c;,-per. week/;are cot consumed. TOO dozens of eggs peri diem are used, and a reserve stock,' pre served in Line, of some 40,000 dozens' 5 kept up. 058 lbs. of butter-are nsed for "cake" aloue, per day. The famous plum puddings are'boiled by steam ; 250 plum puddings boiling at one time (What a sight for schuol boys>) or 800 cwt. per day. The oo.au of treacle which flows from Messrs Swallow's premises is all pnri fied by animal charcoal, prepared in all its stages on the spot, as indeed 13 eveiythin;; throughout the establishment, even to the tin-boxes ujtd for packing and storing ; and the cooper's work in the making of barrels, *c We expected to see myriads of flies in the treacle department,; instead of which there was not one. * Perhaps that article is too*trongfor them ! Moretlmn 300 work- people are .employed on^the. premises. " Mr. I". Bennet's parlour gymnasium at the Exhibition reminds us that we re-" mark in young Victoria a tendency to run to legs and am:s, in other words, unequal development That such things can be counteracted by proper tneaus, or devel oped by circumstances, Dr. Darwin has shewn conclusively enough, the curious configuration of tbe giraffe being the re sult of generations of neck-craning after their proper food, which" grows' at a lofty altitude. It is invaluable to people of sedentary pursuits, invalids, or for use in bad weather j it takes up 116 more space than an eight-day clock, and can be set up. anywhere. Young ladies who desire t? (erelnpe the just proportions of a Greek Venus, to say nothing of health, should try one. The jurors are so numerous—about 400 —that the accomodation is insufficient, and it has a'so been found necessary to fix the maximum cost of their luncheon at 2s Gd each. These doves of the State niust be dnly fed, and not overworked. The lofty turrets of the Exhibition build-_ ings are going to be utilised by ihe jurors, and next week three rooms will be ready for meetings and discussions. Should any juror go to sleep, h? will not be awofc? 7 but left on the roof all night, the ont-let beiug locked at clojing-tiine- Should he awake, ho can then study the stan, and the appeararics of Meltamino by moonlight, or perhapv between the glimpses of the moon - see the ghosts of the kangaroo and aborigine come to revisit their whilom happy-hunting grounds at Carlton. General Roberts, the hero of Afghanistan, ia a staunch teetotaller,' and almost every English regiment serving fa the Afghan cam paign has a Good Templar lodge attached to it. -••-'■- 