HUNTING. To the Editor of the Exaaminer.. Sit,--I have read a letter in your number of the 14th instant, signed "Sportsman," and as my sentiments upon this subject are concurrent with his own, I cannot resist giving brief utter ance to them. He complains, and very justly complains, of the narrow-minded prejudice (a prejudice which should be stamped out like the pleuro-pneumonia in cattle) that has lately been displayed in this neighbourhood by some of the leading owners and occupiers of the soil against the fine, manly amusement of hunting lately in troduced-a pastime which our British sires of old have handed down to us from time imme morial, and instructed us by their example to revere and follow. Well, I have hunted a good deal myself in the old country, and a little, too, in later lite in this, and my experience leads me to assert that no other sport under the sun, if ably and properly conducted, is more calculated to bring out the best feelings and instincts of our common nature. The "hunting field" as sembles all classes together in social intercourse and generous rivalry-often removes or softens down asperities that may exist amongst neigh bours, and whilst fostering the amenities of life, encourages the growth of gentle manly bearing amongst men ; in fine, it educates many, and improves all. Away, away, therefore, far away I with the obstructionists to this thoroughly legitimate and old English sport, or the shades of the departed -the ghosts of T. G. Gregson, James Cox, Sir Richard Dry - will rise up and exclaim in Shakeslperian language "Age, thou art shamed I Rome, thou hast lost the breed of noble bloods." Let us ]not, I ask, dishonour their loved me mnories so much, and "dwindle into dullardism." I am now too old any longer to follow the hounds, but the poet's favourite line is verified in meo- "E'en in our ashes live their wonted fires;" and I wish, through your columns, to assure the Master of the L:ke River Hounds, and the young gentlemanly riders who stick to him like so many brothers, and "Witch the world with noble horsemanship," that I shall be most happy at all times to give them every assistance in my power in any case of need, or otherwise ; and to each and all I would further say," Go on, my hearties, and prosper; and remember that you have an ad mirer of the 'chase' still remaining amongst you." I thank you, Mr Editor, for this insertion, and am, yours truly, J. D. ToosEr. Richmond Hill, Cressy, May 17th, 1880. 