MANUSCRIPT IAN, ok, Tho Bifclo in Ireland. By llie Antlior of ' Tlio Fostor-Bvottiers of Boon : A Tale of tho Irisli Itcbolllun;' 'Golilon IliUs,' &c.; CHAPTER XII.— ( Continued.) ok the koad. . Presently she knew him, and talked no more about the story of peace ; but answered his few questions liko a tired child. Father Eusebius held up his hand with that peculiar attitude of the fingers which indicates benediction, and pronounced over her a short Latin blessing. ' "There's no sign of near death about her, that I can. see," said he, emerging into the broad, kitchen again. "She may live many months in this way, sleeping most of her time, and dreaming, whether she's awake or asleep. Good evening to you. I hope Denis finds the hay heavy this year." But Denis's wife had evidently a request to make, and stood before him with a deep curtsey. Ycr honour's reverence. I've been gettin a new set of gospels for the boys an' girls, for the ould ones is wore to pieces from hanging round .their necks, an' little Jem lost his entirely out bathing ; an' sure I gev him a bateing first for being so careless, but whin I remimbered .meself I took off my own blessed scapular and tied it on him, , for I do be in dread of his gettin, hurt somehow, he's so wild in him self.. An' I thought maybe you wouldn't mind consecratin' 'em now, sir, since yer on the spot." ,."I d get it done by Father Devenish," re plied the old . priest, with a certain inward repugnance to the false and superstitious office. " Put them in the well of the car, or give them to Lanty." b They did not occupy much space, being tiny calico bags with long tape strings, each con taining a folded slip of- paper bearing some two or three verses of Scripture and prayers : a charm to exercise all evils from young people. "P.id Me Manuscript Man write tbem for yu- asked Father Eusebius, stopping short. _ Deed thend had great coaxing entirely to S an' he as good as toukl me they d be no manner of use," said Mrs. Denis. _ bo Id take it a power o' kindly if Father would look into the inside, while ho's aboutit." ys. I nnderstand. I'm sure 'twill' be all right, Mrs. Purcell." -£n< Hle ®ar drove away, while the farmer's wife made deep obeisances as long as it was in sight on the narrow road. Mr. O'Donnell had thought that he would not give the Irish lessons undue importance by naming them, since he could not very well put his veto on them; but he had had a second sample of how Bible reading can take hold of the heart, in the case of the poor old grandmother. And a feeling very like that of being reassured of the orthodoxy of the family came into his mind, when he saw the unchanged superstitions which ho despised, and yet must regard with an official approval, in the interests of his Church. Again were such brought under his notice, when on tho high road he met a cart containing various women : Mrs. Clare and her daughter, with Mrs. Nelson, who had been trying the efficacy of the Boonard well upon her " dark " boy. There was no immediate result, but she hugged a big greenish bottle of the blessed water to be used as a wash for his eyes ; and was now holding forth on a favourite topic — the pains she had taken for his sake in visiting holy placeB. The day's work had been much harder, and therefore more meritorious, at the pattern of Kilmacow, where the three holy wells were within high- water mark on the edge of the sea, and each had to be encircled ten times on the knees, together with a dozen of the t ,,, . une wells. Tents were eeflc j ji J ,le sand-hills, whence the sound Sm 3 a P1':)er3 could be heard, for much hilarity prevailed among the mixed multitude that escorted the pilgrims : and also a con siderable share of business was done in the way of buying and selling. But the blind boy had come back as dark as he went. ',:L"k ,tllere nmv<" saW Mrs. Clare, " if this , , Father Euseby .comin' .along, :-an'8. you couldn t have a better sign than to meet the priest of the parish, face to face, Mary Nelson. SurQ if we never gofc a euro, W8 liavo the good actions forenent us, to lighten our load hero- after."; , ... " Donat Clare's Bible has not done much harm in his _ own family,'? thought . the priest, when a quesfcion elicited where the party -had been. But , nt read aright the- saddened face of the girl Maureen, who had gone to Boonard to please her mother, and perform some promised rounds on behalf of her , friend, poor dead Eily. Doubts of thoir efficacy would intrude, and her. scruples . had . been strengthened ;by. the openly expressed sarcasms ;; of an acquaintance — a neighbour's son, who ; hadbcon in . training for a ; National'' schoolmaster, and was now. an assistant in the school'at Boonard. " See that— isn't ;it enough- to make a follow abjure any religion ?" he ; said as they watched the numerous : devotees trailing themselves through the dust about .the appointed stations, \- all ; reciting prayers diligently from' " padereens or beads. " To think-that Almighty God, the Creator of this splendid world, could be pleased at that sort of thing !" Maureen was very, glad that her share in the observances was:over,ere he came on. the ground. "There's a, story, in tho Bible about the worshippers of -Baal - cutting theinsolvos, and shouting for ; hours 'O, : Baal, hear us !' ''—he continued ; '.'and:. 'tis just the same principle as "less people bruising, their knees and bare feot, and repeating, the same words over and over. I: tell you, .Maureen, it makes a: man doubt — — "I'm afraid yon haven't .been' in : tho best company,' -Cormac, to talk that way about religion." ; ' ' Education";, does i t, Maureen," said the youth, strong' f) in the pride of his partial attainments, -'- " One comes to see how much priestcraft is in it — how superior natural religion is to all this !" ' "An' what's natural religion, Cormao?" The limpid eyes of the girl appeared to confuse the budding infidel ; who had leaped, by a not unnatural transition, from a childhood of extreme ignoranco and superstition, through the gate of knowledge into a youth of scepticism. Perhaps the answer to her simple question was not quite clear to his own mind. ."Oh, just to adore God as the beneficient Creator, free from the trammels of churches, and creeds, and superstitions, you know. But you must not mind my nonsense, Maureen ; its just a way of talking I have." "I don't like it then," said she. "But I'll ask father to show me the story, in the Bible about tho people cutting theirselvcs." Which led to an explanation of how. the Manuscript Man came by the f orbidden book ; and : Cormac was very near saying—" That's more of their priestcraft," but he refrained, and merely talked learnedly about various matters, and aired bis knowlcdgo in her sight as a pea cock preens his plumes, till she; thought pobody could possibly have more learning than the young assistant-master. Her father gave her no encouragement to search for tho story in. the Bible ; and when she elicited from him the reason, the priest's pro hibition, she was not daunted. "Give it to me, father and she drew the volume gently from; his bands. "You can't help mo taking it, . yoii know ; an' it's time enough when he forbids , niesclf . An' sure if it is the book of God, as you say, lias Father Euseby any right to 'pur vent, us reading it at all, at all?" ' . ,V The Manuscript Man patted her cheek. " Yer a darling girl, Maureen : an' if your mother hears yon — - — - — ". _ - But she -had only given voice, with the rash ness of youth to a slumbering doubt of his own. About the same hour, at the settling of dark ness upon the long : summer twilight, the old priest himself took down from his shelves his handsomo copy, of ; the Latin. Vulgate — that version by Jerome, which tho Church of Rome has declared equal in authority to the originals. The Manuscript Man's pertinacity in defence of his Bible had greatly struck Father Eusebius. The Vulgate lay on his reading-table henceforth, along with various other volumes of classical and ' patris tic literature, and ' the inevitable breviary. CHAPTER XIII. holding a station. It was a lovely afternoon in October ; all the brilliant colouring of, Autumn burned upon the wide wandering uplands of Slieve-na-goil. There was the profuse . purple. : of blossoming heather, the tawny gold of fading gorse, the rich, rusty hues of 1 »-,»ken'.' Tall grey crags at the summit looked, less stern in the westering sunbeams, and hollows lower down assumed an indigo shade ns the light sank towards tlie sea. "'Deed then the days arc growin' mighty short in theirselve3," observed Mrs. Purcell, returning into the farmhouse kitchen after a glance up and down the Glashen-glora valley. "Father Peter will have enough to do to put the station over him before dark." . "Oh, but he's a very smart hand at it," rejoined Shane Cutty, the tailor, who was perched in the customary attitude of his pro fession upon the large kitchen table nearest the window, as he stitched away at a suit of frieze for the eldest son. His apprentice, equally busy on a similar suit for the boy Jemmy, squatted on the floor ; and the ' ' goose " was heating, as it had all day been heating at intervals, in a huge turf fire, before which swung a goose of another speoies, giving off an appetising odour as it slowly simmered and browned. These preparations had a purpose. For Mr. Devenish had given out , on the preceding Sunday that it was his intention ;to hold a station at Denis Purcell's. house onthe Thursday next ensuing, the announcement of -which honour Denis had received (according to custom) with an audible answer from his - end of the chapel. " We'll be ready for your reverence, an' yer heartily welcome." Thenceforward the family was all in a flutter how they could best show their appreciation of this social distinction by an adequate enter tainment. Suddenly they all - wanted new clothes, so a message was sent for Shane Cutty, the jobbing tailor, to come and set to work upon- a home-made web of grey frieze ; and the girls, having coaxed some cash from their father, went off to the great general shop at Boonard, to buy, calico for gowns while comely Mrs. Denis - herself, , waiving all questions of personal adornment as subsidiary to greater cares, was untiring about the house. The, chimney ;.was Bwept by Mike Rafforfcy, from the roof, who dropped a furze-busli, tied to a , rope, - through the orifice, and drew, it up and down- till: every veBtige of soot was .brushed; out of the shaft as thoroughly, as by any patent machine.- The dresser, : tables, ; . and chairs Were scoured into snowy whiteness with sand froth the shore, and a very remarkable display. of. crockery set forth'- upon the first-named article ; of . furniture— the pride of an , Irish cabin. Once an unfortunate ship, going ashore in .a -cove some miles away, had proved to-be ladeu partially with earthen-: ware, , and the - , underwriters'; . auction : had dispersed through the district many, a cheap -lot, more., for ornament, than use. Mrs. Denis arranged her ; i damaged ; , articles . best - face outward, and tureens, . salad-bowls,, sauce-boats; and the like mysterious vessels presented - an- imposing appcarauce:. which: gladdened her heart. As to preparations for the feast, bad not the best lamb, of the autumn stock - and ' the pick and choice of her poultry, and the finestiof her bacon-flitches, been .deliberately; chosen ?, Had not a church been made expressly., this evening, from the newest cream, to provide the ; most delicious butter ? There was a great fire of turf built up, ready for kindling, in an outhouse, for the cookery -next day. The; pots and pans were brilliant as scouring could make, them; the kitchen floor was plastered in any hollows with stiff clay from a loamy ditch in the : meadows ; the, wills had. been white-washed, : which caused; the raftcrsisupporting , the; thatch; to shine like polished ebony. ; And - the temper, of. :;;Mrs. ; Denis, which: had been so uncertain for the past week as: to cauBe -hers family to .keep out of.her- way, became sweetly, composed as . sho.beheld her preparations drawing- to a successful close., Shane, Cutty'himself had regarded her energy with some timid doubts from his. professional elevation on the broadest table, but was now reassured. "Yes, ma'am, it's true for you, ma'am, about the shortening days," he added, obsequiously; "but as I was sayin', Father Peter is twice as quick as Father Euseby, though he hasn't half the practice," This criticism referred to the priests' relative performance at the confessional ; for the grand business of a " station " at a farmer's house was not only a sort of pastoral visitation, but to induce all the people of the neighbourhood to come and confess their sins. Father Devenish had his own reasons for an nouncing a station at Denis Purcell's ; his active parish-clerk had ferreted out certain items of information which seemed to connect this house with the Biblical movement lie suspeoted was going on. It was of much less consequence that he might also by this means attract to the " tri bunal " a gang of illicit distillers which he knew to exist on the mountains near by. Bright and early in the morning the people began to assemble, almost before the shadow of Slieve-na-goil was wiped off the valley by the sun rising over his shoulder. There was a motley gathering, for the news had spread far and wide ; and not only the dwellers in the district came, but also the loose population that floats about in country parishes, all sorts of beggars, tramps, and wandering dealers. The remnants of two profuse meals were certain to the former, and many a sly bit of business would be done by the latter ; and the greater the crowd, the greater the honour to Denis. Shane Cutty, his labours with the needle over,, and his performances visible upon the persons of his customers, lent a hand to the .indoor arrangements. Fresh moss and heather from the hills were spread on the earthen floor ; while one of the rooms off the kitchen was emptied of its sleeping accommodations, and carpeted cen trally with a drugget quilt, on the midst of which; was set a straw arm-chair for the priest, and. a little table for his book. Presently Jemmy, who had been despatched on the look-out in his new; clothes, came rushing back to say that Father, Peter was in sight, "comin' round the corner of the big rock," mounted on the switch-tailed mare, and reading his bro'viary as he jogged, along. "Stand back, ye oncivilized craturcs, and make a lane for his reverence,", shouted Devlin, the mass- server, who had come overnight to the farm with a box of vestments, and other para- 'phernalia of the service to beheld by. his master. So the priest held up his triad of fingers to bless , right and left as he approached, no, face or figure; in the assemblage escaping his keen eyes ; and portly Denis came outside the threshold, hat in band, bowing deeply. "A beautiful day for your reverence;. couldn't be finer if it was bespoke," he said, holding the mare's head, as her rider dismouuted. .." There, take her round to the stable, Mike, rub her down, an' give her the best of thratement ; if a hair's turned' on her, my -boy, you'll haye to reckon with me." Inside was Mrs. Denis, in her best wolsey gown and dressiest cap with pink ribbons, curt seying to the ground, and her daughters follow ing her example. The kitchen was lined with a selection from the crowd, the elite of the neighbourhood, so to speak ; the door and window were filled with faces closing in from the exterior. Father Eusebius would have had a word for each awl for all, but Father Peter stood more upon the dignity of his office. And Denis Purcell fancied an incipient cloud upon his brow. " I hope the present congregation is all ready in a proper frame of mind for the two blessed sacraments of Penance and the Eucharist," said Mr. Devenish, with a general glance, after he had answered inquiries as to the health of the elder priest, and made others about the old bedridden grandmother. A universal murmur and obeisance came in response. First to the tribunal yerself, ma'am ; it's your turn, by right, before anybody else, Mrs. Purcell." , No breakfast could be eaten till mass had been celebrated, as of course the sacrament must be taken fasting, and confession previously was the rule. Devlin, the parish clerk, con tinued his morning's work of preparing the people, by hearing them repeat certain prayers and bits of the catechism, and receiving from them the small fee of fourpence each, or a shilling from the wealthier penitents ; for which they: got a slip of paper as a ticket of admission , to that closed inner chamber. ; " It's ho good for ye to be squeezing up to. that door, Molly Cassidy," he paused in his ; labours to say, for the kitchen was filling rapidly by pressure from those without, .and first come first served was a sort of laiv:. "the, family's took fust always, missus an' master. an' young ladies, and it don't become you to be so forward Molly Cassidy." The woman addressed slunk behind another, , muttering that she meant no harm. ' "All in good time— all in .good -time," said Mr. Devlin, who ; was in1 tho.hour of his power. " Who's that praying', so ; loud outside, and disturbin' me at tho oatechiz?" . Way ..was made for him to the threshold,., and he discovered a stalwart vagrant . " vothcen " kneeling: on :a flat stone brought for the purpose, jand beating his breast; heartily,-. whilo .he -was "getting through a decade" of beads. .. "Asy, asy, my. good man," pleaded, the parish clerk, with the more .authority - in- that .here was a gratuitous penitent. < "Ay you makes a noise, it'll bo another sin on yer head. Good mornin' to ye, Mrs. - Clare; , and- couldnjt ; himself . got up so early ? Come inside, ma'am ; an' you, Miss i Maureen." , ' ;; .' ; , . ' She made some excuso for the absence of the Manuscript Man,, and forthwith began upon her beads. Her daughter . preferred sitting without, on the low wall beside the aldorbushes, .watch- . ing the crowd and occasionally -talking to.-some; acquaintance. ,- " Why,.. Maureen, yer takiu' the tribunal ; miglity, asy, " remarked a young- girl, - coming up beside. her, for she had pulled somo knitting from her pocket.;, "One wiul thiuk yer job was over, .instead of before ye." , , '( I'm not goin' to confess to-day," answered the Manuscript Man's daughter,, quietly. : " 'Deed, then, I wish it was the same wid mo ; but sure this is the first time of all wid me, an' I'm fairly -frightened.': \ If- -'twas Father Euseby, I wouldn't mind half so much, some way." "Ye'll soon get used to it," observed Maureen. ' "But to remember all the sins ever I did is Bo llard !" ".His reverence will draw 'em all out of yoo wid questions, was tho rejoinder. " Oh, I don't know how I'll ever face him." She was not much more than , a child' " I'm sure I'll forget every word of the ' Con- fitcor.' Hear it over to me, Maureen, like a darlin.' I learned tho twelve fruits, of a Christian, an' the nine ways of being guilty of another sin besides," said she, when the Con- fitcor was ended. . Never mind ; maybe he wouldn't ask you tliim," said Maureen, resuming her knitting. And tlien, while the girl went off to secure a good place in the front rank, and " put it over her," a3 she phrased it, Maureen's mind turned into a line of thought which, made her1 heart throb and her face burn guilty— how she and her father had searched the New Testament for tho sadrament of penance, and found none. Nay, even in the letters of St. Poter himself, none. When the principal persons assembled at the station had confessed, and indeed as many others as conld be crowded into a couple of hours,- the olork proceeded to make arrangements for the saying of mass ; he covered the principal table with a cloth, lit a pair of . candles, and laid out the silver-clasped service-book, crucifix, . and chalice. The cloud on Father Peter's brow was certainly not lessoned when he came forth in alb and cope ; and it had communicated itself to Mrs. Denis and lier husband mysteriously. . . The mass-server fulfilled his office by -re- . peating Latin answers of which he understood nothing ; and the canon being ended, except one or two closing prayers, Mr. Devenish paused, and turned to the audience. Slowly to Donis Purcell's forehead mounted the crimson, as the priest began to speak in Irish. People were absent from the station who ought to be there, and their absence told tales of guilt. (Poor Mrs. Clare folt inclined to fall -on her knees in deprecation.) It was not for him to speak of what had been revealed to him -in confession, the seal of the Church shut it up for ever ; hut heavy penance must follow a heavy sin. And the heaviest of all sins, the sin to be visited with- most condign punishment both in this world and in the next, was heresy — disobedience to the Church and her ministers. He would not mention names uow, but ho knew that the Biblioals were trying to work in the parish,: and perhaps he would soon be obliged to |speak out : and whenever lie did so it would be to some purpose. Thoy all knew what tho curse ;of the Church meant. It meant that a man's crops would fail, and bis cows die, ay, even his children die ; his own health fail, till tho eyes sank in his head and the marrow hardened in .his bones, and he became a miserable object, to be shunned by friend and neighbour, to have no refuge but the grave ! And much more followed to fee like effect. The women were visibly moved, some even uttered a suppressed shriek as the possible anathema was dilated upon in a thundering voice. Maureen stood near the door, pale as death, every word sharpened in her imaginings by the' application to her father, which she could not help making. Mrs. Clare was long ago on her knees, praying loudly, with some other of the most impressible old women, rocking themselves to and fro. Scarcely could the profuse and luxurious breakfast which followed restore the tone of the assemblage after such a warning of sacerdotal wrath ; (not oven though Mr. Devenish unbent .considerably, and seemed quite to forget the storm. But this was merely during the meal : his priestly character closed about liim immedi ately that he rose up, like a suit of armour. : Confession went on till dinner-time, an hour beyond noon. Among the penitents was Micky Malt himself, 'who came forth looking furtive and confused. "Ha, yer afther eatoliin' it about the little still up in Slieve-na-goil," remarked an acquaint ance, logging his elbow. "That!" exclaimed Mickey. "Troth, no; it's quite another thing altogether !" : " Well, you look as if ye saw a ghost, anyhow : I B'pose the penance is out of moasuro hard.". 'Maybe," rejoined Mickey, laconically, edging his way out, "The dinner's just comin' on the table," said Mrs. Purcell, by way of invitation ; but he went. On this repast she had lavished all her culinary skill, and spared no cost, for the honour of his reverence' and the house. The - plum- pudding; (made from a receipt given by the cook at Bienvolla - Lodge) was worthy of Christmas ; itself. Yet somehow everything went off heavily. Denis,- asthore, can't yer clear yer face, and look .pleasant, somehow ?'- she whispered,: just before. " Can't ye .say a jokin' word, or some- tbin' lively?" "Woman, I can't !" was the farmer's answer hissed between his teeth. The iron of priestly ' despotism was entering his soul. " Arrah, " whist, or the people '11 hear ye. I'll have to pui'fceud yo aren't well in yer health to day." Big Denis, a collussus of strength since child- : liood, half -laughed ; but it was not agreeable mirth. ."Nobody '11 believe you," said he. ('But sure that white lio will do as well. as any thing else to begin the score of sin for yer next - confession." Onthe whole, however, there was considerably more hilarity at the dinner than at the break- : fast ; all over whom Father Devonisb had pro nounced bis Latin absolution believed they had got rid of their sins, and could commence the- world anew with, a clean conscience. : Performing all the duties; of host to the letter,; Denis, bareheaded, held the priest's stirrup : for him to mount, and then walked 'off with' great .strides in an opposite direction among the hills, where he had some cattle on an- upland pasture, and did not return to his own houso for hours. Meanwhile by his wife's direction, a spotless- . white cross was painted on the front door, in- record of the fact ' that here -had been "a station." (To ha Continued.) Bevhnge is a momentary triumph; of which the satisfaction dies at once, and is succeeded by remorse ; whereas forgiveness, which is the noblest of all revenge, entails a perpetual plea sure. 