THE SYDNEY SCULLERS IN ENGLAND. The Sydney Mail of November 27 contains some interesting particulars in reference to Lay- <*> cock and Trickett. Our contemporary says :— Mr. P. J. Clark has favored us with permis- sum to publish the following letter, dated London, October 8, which he has received from a friend in London, and which wiQ probably be read with much interest by aquatic men here: —"In Thursday*! Sporttma* then is a fair account of the race between Laycook and Black man. The latter got by far the best start, and it was almost laughable to see the leisurely phlegmatic way in which Elias followed him. The pace was really terrific, as the time given np to each point shows. As far as Hamzner amith the race waa really a splendid one, but by the time they got to Coney Beach Laycock had completely towed his man down. I never saw such an utter eoOapae in my life, nor a fellow so completely done op as Bliuifcman was. I really pitied him; for two minutes he mold not ■peak—hia head drooped on to his chest, and he looked like a corpse. The Sydney man rowed on in just the same style that he had started; and as soon as Blaekman was able he followed, to eater a protest on the ground that Leyeoek'a cutter had paved him. This was certainly true, but she had a lot of way on when Wankman shut up, and oould not be stopped. Mr. Ireland, the referee, told Triekett tofoDow on, as it was dear that Black man had given up. The protest was quickly dimnisstd. laycoek rowed well and strong, and (thanks to Jack Thompson) his condition was simply superb. The muscles of his back, ribs, and legs stood out like iron bars, and though he bad not quite got rid of a bad cold his wind was all there. He rows a pretty-looking style, something's after Disk Green's fashion, but his slide is, to my mind, short and faulty, and he does not appear to grip the water to the full extent of his reach. Bat he is a good'no, and bad to beat. We have two matches on for him —an* against Hosmer, a Boston (U.8.A.) man, who is a good sculler, and the other against Hawdon. Fit and well, he should win both races. I most say that lam agreeably disap pointed in Laycock. He is a genial, nice, well behaved fellow, and he has made hosts of friends. Australians both at home and abroad may well be prood of their representatives on the Thames, for wherever yon go you bear them spoken of in the highest terms. Until Tnoketfs arrival, professional rowing was at the very fewest ebb; but since he and Layeoek have been on the Thames matters have taken quite a turn the other way, and, whereas six months ago it would have been strange indeed to have seen a single person of any position in ee«ietyataprofes«ionalboatraee ) itiseo?iething to be ante to say that, despite the day being one of the most disagreeable that we have bad this ytar, numbers of the 'upper crust* patronised the Laycock-Blsrkraan race, including Lord Undesborough, Major Dicksoo, Mr. Uowden, and many other well-known persons, to say sotting of the unsuioti of ladies- a thing smpanDed except at the University contest. And nothing but the feeling that the race.would be contested straightforwardly brought this about ; and it is not to much to say that it was tLe knowledge of the quiet respectable con duct of our Bjdney men that created this f.eliog. Of Triekett it is needless to speak, be always behaves like a gentleman. I hope juu will let it be known far and wide what a sterling friend Jack Thompson has been to the I ten. He alone trained Laycock, whilst to ; Triekett he is more than a brother. He seems to devote himself entirely to him, and night , sod day he is at bis aervioe. Could man do bjoncf aboutdM —. r ... «--?- -k-J .t .n and therefore in common justice itis?oterLj known as wioery —pn—ihlcthat his presence is invaluable, and without fat any way desiring to detract from Harry KeJWs merit, I may say that if Trfakett wins Thompson mast share equally with him m the credit of the victory. 1 told you long ago that t bad come to the con clusion that?ngHah rowing form has been over rated, and now I believe more, and that is— that they are bad judges of it. If it were otherwise bow could George Drewitt (who cbosld know as much v any man in the land) have made the mistake of laying 2 to 1 or Blaekman? He has seen Lay cock do all his work, for be has been tcainingThomaa from the ■ante boatbonay, aad every day he has had his watch out tuning him at every point, yet he never found out that both Layeoek and Triekett are • foxing.' Of course Ttiekett feels within himself what he can do, and having Layoock*s measure so well, there was no necessity for a trial, and so the knowing ones were sold. Lay cock should never forget (as I am sore he never will) what Triekett has done for him. Had it ■ot been for Ned be would have gone back with out a match, for Charlie Bosh, to whom Punch introduced him, it seems, gave him the cold shoulder. I told you long ago that he could beat any man in England, aud asked yon to advise Punch to come over with him. Had he done so he would have made a pile. Laycock must haw cleared £250, if not more, by the race, although, owing to the bad weather, his share of boats was only £30 clear. I bad almost forgotten to say that Triekett jilotcd hia quondam rival in faultless style, giving him a course as straight as a surveyor could ihave shown. The weather has been foggy, cold, and wet, and as Triekett has gone through it so far, and kept well, we may fairly export that be will continue to do so. Hanian is rowing magnificently, and if he is to be beaten it will tie by fairly wearing him down, as JUyeoekdid ?■*■"■■ He can * fox' as well as anybody, and it is hard to judge what he can do. The betting is no more than 7to 4on him at present, but a Canadian correspondent tells me that there will be such heaps of money from that aide of the 'herring pond'that if we bold out we will get 4 to L They say Wallace Koss is coming over to 'feel'Trieketfs pace, and that he will follow him for that object. Much good will all be can learn do him V The same paper says:—Mr. John Thompson, brother of the well-known bookmakers, who ate heavy losers by Trickettfs defeat, has been also "heavily bit," or «• stone broke," as be puts it in a cable to ha brother in Melbourne. Mr. Thompson, writing from the Bells Tavern, Putney, September 28, to a friend in this city, sajs : —"lt was with the deepest regret that I ■cad from one of your local papers a notice re flecting open my leaving Anttralia. and going to jom Triekett, It does not exactly ticket me as one of the class known as rogue and vaga bond, but it couples betting and sculling, aod so introduces the bookmaking element as deroga tory to the interest of the coming great sculling event. Finally, it puts a plaster on the un kind cut, so cowardly given, by stating I may be a fine fellow in a great many re spects, and that its intention is anything but to throw discredit on my private character. It finally refers to what the English press might say, and goes on to the unfortunate ooourr cc to Lord Harris on the Sydney cricket-grouuJ. Ton can imagine my disgust when I tell you that I parted with my family in Melbourne in order to do all in my power for the man who is striving for the glory of Australia. It is obvious that the real meaning of this article is to imply that I would be guilty of anything, so long as I could profit by it All I ask is to be judged after all is over. I asked no one to assist me in my trip to England, and Triekett personally asked meto follow him to England, and here I am ready to forfeit all I possess to secure a victory for Triekett. If my coming to England has in any way interfered with Triekett*s financial affairs I am very sorry, and regret having come; but I offer no such sentiment to those who could be so ttiitnikifinfnl and sus picious as to withhold their contributions because lam with Triekett. lamin no degree afraid of those who know me being adverse to what I bave done. I will, with Harry Kelly's ■nentonliip, train and watch Triekett day and night, if necessary. We will bring him to the ■km like a young Hercules." The following ex tract f<x>m a letter by E. Lavcock to a friend in fcvdney will be read with interest. The letter was c'ated London, October 7:—Tour papers eu«We.?«bljr underrate Blaekman; he i< as UU as myst.'f, 25 years of age, and weighs over IS stone; and as to his pace from Putney te Hammersmith Bridge, one and three-quarter mile, we did the fastest time on record in any race —nine minute* and four seoonds,and he was then only a length astern. My first attempt on the Thames has been a win. Aa I told you before, Triekett and myself do all our work, and get on well together. He piloted me through the nee in a cutter. The day was very wet and windy, and in about two miles I rowed Blaek man to a standstill. I have two more races on, and fancy I can win both. I have seen Hanian out often, in fast have rowed ovar the course alongside of him. I see very little in him, and can only conclude that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Triekett, so, bar acci dent*, he is not in it. His bump of self-esteem is exceed iugly well developed. He rows open handed, co I need tell you no more. I expect we shall have more races on before long So far vre have had fine weather. We are going to row firet and second for the Hop Bitters, if it comes off." Perhaps it is too much to say that Trickett's late defeat on the Thames is accounted for, but it is not too much to say this easy defeat is now made most comprehensible. "Tim Whiffler," in England, who contributes sporting Kotos to the Leader, when writing on Bth Oc tober, says:—"l hear strange rumors from those likely to know concerning your man Trickett. That he is • all to pieces' all are agreed, and what is worse he is suffering from a fit of the 'blues', whatever complaint that may be. I am informed, too, that histr&ining; is too strong, and that a little less work and a little more • home-brewed' would prove beneficial. I have seen horses get as stale as coach horses from overwork; the same cause, therefore, is likely to make a sculler • slow as a man in boots.'" If Triekett was in this reduced state early in Oc tober, what must his condition have been mid way in November? The weight he rowed (says the Leader) was a clear proof of hia being too much reduced, and it wanted nothing more than the remarks penned by " Tim Whiffier" to as sure ns that he was weak and unfit to sustain bis reputation in a severe contest when he en tered his boat. 