QUEEN COPHETUA. | By E. E. FKAHCJILLON OHAPTBK XXIir. " A higher alt, a deeper bass, She hearctli as the dancers pass " Are not the moments flying? Have we not heard them sighing? Do we not sec them dying ? Shall we not feel them sweet? Summer hath lips that flatter: Earth is of dust—what matter ? Bright is the bloom we scatter Under our failing feet. " This is our wingfcd story; Summer is dumb with glory ; Name her—and snow-tide, hoary, Heavy of heart, we meet : Yea, by a word that's spoken Straight is our music broken Songs that arc sung betoken Silence for hearts that beat." Anybody who had known Gideon would feel a little enrious about the woman who, withont a penny (if gossip were true), had reduced him to marriage in any shape or form. Oddly enough, it almost seemed to Mr. Walter Gray as if he bad met her before somewhere, some when or other. It was not unlikely; having known the husband, it was natural enough that he should have come across one with whom Gideon must have been acquainted for some longer or shorter time before marrying her. The more he looked, the mote sure he felt in one way, and the more doubtful in others. All the lady ac quaintances of Gideon whom he had ever known had been either Amerioans— which Mrs. Skull was certainly not—or else in America; and there was no place or set of circumstances in the American part of his memory with which be could associate ber. And then they had seldom, if ever, been ladies except by an extravagantly courteous stretch of conventional terms, while she, he was sure, was a lady bred and born, at any rate in the conventional sense, if not in aDy more satisfactory one. At first sight, she was not the kind of young woman whom he would expect to disprove her ladyhood by catching a man like Gideon for the sake of a fortune. Of course it might he for love, but then men cannot he expected to see one another with women's eyeB, and never can be made to quite understand how any men but themselves can make women fall in love with them. They are bound to accept facts, of course; but scarcely even these when the love-winner is bo unlike themselves as Gideon Skull was unlike "Walter Gray. She interested him at once, for all these reasons, but even more because she looked like one of those women who have a story—not merely told_ about them by others, like half the women in the room, but written on her lips and in her eyes. To pique curiosity by looking interesting is the great secret which some very plain women have learned who have ruled the world. Mrs. Skull was very far from plain. But the story which her eyes and her lips expressed to the sight without speaking to the mind, like a poem in an unknown tongue, already half explained to Walter Gray the fascination she had no doubt exercised over Gideon, though nothing, except bis reputed wealth, could interpret his attrac tion for her. His introduction to her did not interrupt any conversation, for she was sitting as much alone at the end of the piano as he had been at the door. He noticed that she did not give him the usual smile of greeting. She only bowed rather coldly, and waited, with a discouraging air of indifference, for him to say anything ne pleased. PerhapB she had nothing to say. It is often the way with people whose eyes seem to say a great deal—which so constantly tnrns out to be a vast quantity of nothing. '*1 had the—hm! pleasure, of knowing Mr. Skull a long time ago," he said, " though very likely he wouldn't remember even my name. Will he be here to-night ?" " No," she said. " I think not, at least. He hardly ever goes out, and is very busy." Her voice, with its quiet indifference of tone, did not help his memory. It only satisfied him that she was very thoroughly an Englishwoman; and made him guess; though he certainly could not have told how or why—that she was as in different to her husband's comings and goings as she was to being questioned about them by a stranger. Olearly, Walter Gray had something of a woman's way of seeing a great deal in a very little. " I eee they are going to waltz. Will yon —" " I don't dance." " Then, in that case, nor do I." " I wonder," he began to think,'' how Bhe really did manage to catch Gideon. It's true he never danced either; but all the same, she's no more in his line than if he waltzed like an Austrian. Do you know, Mrs. Sknll, I have got a fancy that troubles me; and I can neither waltz nor rest in any other way till I've told it to you." These receptions of Mrs. Aristides—as her husband's assemblies of his clientele were tech nically called—generally ended with a sudden happy thought on the part of somebody to extemporise a ball. But it never had to depend upon the piano for inspiration. Impromptu, as it always was, there never failed to be a certain number of distinguished musicians present, and the various collections of Mr. Aristides con tained one of instruments ready to their hands, with which they were never too proud to add to the pleasure of such good company. For from Mr. Aristides even pipers and fiddlers got, or thought they got, rather more than they gave. But a reputation for impromptu dances, with real musicians with real names to play the tuneB, was well worth the few guineas for con cert tickets which it cost their host in the year. Just then a bright and lively waltz started out in splendid form from what might almost be called an orchestra, which made up for its smallness by spirit and style. Mrs. Skull must be free from the dancing fever indeed not to break through her rule. "Yes, Gideon would be just the man to object to his wife's waltzing with anybody but himself," thought Walter Gray. He waited for her to ask him about his fancy ; but, as she seemed as indifferent to it as to dancing, he was obliged to take her question as made. " I can't get it out of my head, Mrs. Skull, that I have met you before." " Indeed ? I don't think that likely. I know very few of Mr. Skull's friends." " Yes," he thought," juBt the man to object to his wife knowing his friends. A reformed rake always makes the moBt jealous husband. I wonder why he lets her come to this place alone —or at all; old Dale wasn't a rake, and even he keeps Laura at home when he goes out for fun." "But, all the same," he went on, "I feel I have seen you somewhere. Of course I know that one's always meeting women, and men too, whom one used to know intimately in some other world before one was born. That's always happening to everybody every day. But I don't mean any thing bo commonplace as that, you know. I mean in this world. Have you ever been in America " No, never. I have never even " " Then that won't do. In Paris, perhaps ?" " I have never been in Paris." " You have never been in Paris ? Impossible! Why, I never heard of anybody who had nover been to Paris. But perhaps in Rome ?" " I have never been to Rome." " In Venice, then ? In Vienna ? In Berlin ?'' "No; I have never " " Let ine see. Not in Athens, certainly; I couldn't forget if I'd met you there. Could it possibly have been in Cairo ?" " I have never been out of England since I was born." " Please don't think me a boor, Mrs. Skull, to be cross-examining you in this way. I can't have met you anywhere, then, that's clear, unless I've passed you by some chance in the street' in London and remembered your face — which is a thing that I never do. I was never meant to be a king — I can remember some things very well, all sorts of useless ones; but in remembering faces I am a perfect fool. I have to see a face at least three times to have a chance of knowing it again; I am always cutting my best friends, and so losing them; and I don't believe I should know my own very self if I were to see him anywhere but in a mirror. But—yes, I do seem to remember yours, some way. Not you, but something about you—a sort of you net mixed up with any place where I have seen people, but in some quiet way—well, I've not had many quiet ways in my life, so it may have been in some other world before I was born, after all." " You seem to have been a great traveller, Mr. Gray." "She has said something of her own at last ?" thought he. "Not that it amounts to much. But—yes, or rather no; I have been a traveller, but certaidy not a great one. I am a man with a great incapacity for sitting still. Yesterday I was in Spain—to-morrow in London—to-day in Cosmos, judging from the varieties of all nations who are spinning round us. Ah! this is a waltz; you ought to dance, Mrs. Skull. It stops thinking; and thinking is the worst thing in the world for the brain. Why, look at Dale ; even be is dancing. He is another whom I used to know as a confirmed bachelor, and whom I find turned into a married man. I should never thought that of—Dale." " Why not of him ?" " Because he was a man of juBt one idea when I knew him; and it certainly was not of the sort that leads to marriage. He didn't care ior money, and he didn't care for comfort—in fact, he didn't care for anything on earth beyond an sll-devouring passion for standing in the middle of a storm of ballets without an umbrella, and cutting off people's legs. That meant perfect happiness for him, and everything else meant misery. That isn't the real Dale at all whom you see dressed up there in evening clothes and making himself hot and red with dancing, and fussy with chattering. The real man is as cool and as silent as the North Pole, and that only happens when he's cutting legs instead of capers to the music of rifles instead of fiddles. When he's himself, there's no finer fellow alive. War isn't all evil, Mrs Skull. It brings out the best of a man, and unmasks the worst of him, and makes him what nature meant him to be. Peace, I'm a great deal too certain, does just the other things. What do we know about all these people here ? To do that, we must turn it into another ball before Waterloo." '• What war was it," asked she, with a shade of interest in her voice," that made you acquainted with Dr. Dale?" He bad been trying to interest her; but her interest fell a little into the wrong line when it at last showed signs of comiDg. He had reached the point of mounting a pet hobby of all who have seen war—not too far off to understand its grandenr as the greatest of living forces, and not so near as to see nothing hut their own sorrows. She onght not to have checked him so suddenly with a question about a merely personal detail. However, he dismounted gracefully. The ques tion was stupid; but why should he expect Mrs. Sknll herself to be otherwise ? " At the siege of Paris. The very last time I saw him he was himself, and under circum stances that yon wouldn't think it nice to hear described. It's an odd sensation to meet him here." " Ton were at the siege of Paris ?" she asked. The question belonged to the common forms of talk; bnt something in its tone snddenly opened his ears, and he looked at her with new eyes. All her scarcely courteous indifference had given place to what sounded like eager anxiety. With his faculty for noticing lights and shades, he felt as if he had read a word of her story, unintelligible without the context, bnt sug gesting what the wbole might be—for stories which write themselves in faces are always sad ones. " Yes,"he said, a little vexed with himself for having possibly touched some wound or other, and for having been guilty of such a blunder as to speak admirably of war to a woman—that is to say, to one who could bave known nothing of war save its personal and sorrowful side. " And Isawtheend. You musn't think, Mrs. Skull, that I am as bloodthirsty in my tastes as Dale. One gets to talk lightly of such things because no language has got words strong enough and deep enough to speak of them seriously. I can talk well enough about war in the large way, which concerns mankind—that is, ali the people for whom one doesn't care; but how can one talk at all about the way it comes home to one self, as it did to me and thousands more ?" " She mustn't think me a cold-blooded, unsympathetic, philosophical brute," he thought. " I hate war," said she; but in such a tone as to make him think himself mistaken in the nature of her interest in any particular war, or else that she was practised in habitual self repression, and felt bound to correct any sign of emotion which she might have chanced to betray. " So do I," said he," in one way—though hate is terribly like love when the fever-fit is on. Yes; I can't keep away from the air that breeds the fever, after once having breathed it, even now, though it cost me the life of the only human being I ever cared very much about — of course, except myself — and the best and finest fellow I ever knew. I don't want you to think that when I praise war it is in the way that poets praise passion—because I don't know what it means. I do know. I have drunk the dregs of it as well as the wine. I have seen a man—the man I spoke of—murdered in war; not a man fighting for his country or any cause that concerned him, but only because war, which turns many weak; men into grand heroes, turns more commonplace nobodies into fiends. This man should have had a long life of happiness and honour. He had no more business with the French and the Ger mans than Dale has with a London ballroom. And he was killed because the Americans—who were as little to him as the French and Germans —wanted news, which he never could learn how to give them, and because war lets loose tigers as well as sets lions free." " When you were at the siege of Paris," said she, again bringing down the flight of his ora tion to the level of a woman's world, " did you ever happen to meet with a correspondent of an American newspaper named Alan Reid?" 4 Good God! Why he was the man! Mrs. Skull—God forgive me—what have I said? wr't nave i done ?" " My brother—Alan " He heard no more than half the cry, as she sprang np from her seat, and covered her eyes with her hands—trembling, as if a ghost had suddenly appeared before her. The waltz went on, wildly and joyfully. None noticed her who was learning for the first time that the brother, for whose sake she lived, had died. Yes—Walter Gray knew well enough where lie had seen her now. Bat he did not wonder how or why he had not known her again. He did not remember faces j and the passing of many events had made those two meetings vague things of long ago. There was but little left of the girl with whom he had been shut np in the belfry—little indeed of her who had crushed him with her scorn in the churchyard. Even had she been less changed in her whole self, it would have been hard enough to asso ciate this lady in black velvet in the drawing room of a Mr. Aristides with one's memories of Helen Reid of Copleston—Mrs. Gideon SknlL How had such a thing as that come to pass? Walter Gray would as soon have thought of dis covering a likeness in the royal wife of King Vophetua to Penelophon the beggar-maid. But now he knew that it was she. But then, how was it she had never known of her brother's death till now ? It had happened long ago. Even if Mr. Orowder had been too sublimely above trifles which could not affect the interests of the Argus to let her and her mother hear of it, still it must have been a scrap of public news for its hour. He had ample time to think and feel all this, and to swear at himself for the accident which had told her, all without preparation, in such a place and in such a way, for he had not a word to say, and no living man could have found a fit one. But suddenly she left off trembling, took her hands from her face, and looked at him with a strange, hard look, in which he could recall no sign of Helen Beid. " He was my only brother," she said, in a voice that was like her look. " And I thought he was still living—strange as it must seem to you. Toumust forgive me for having seemed alittle soiry. It was very bad taste, and quite out of place; but I assure you it was not beoause Idon't know how absurd and contemptible such things as feelings, and all that sort of rubbish, are. As a matter 'of curiosity, I should like to know when my only brother died;" "Good God! Don't speak—don't look like that. Miss Beid. Forgive me—no, not that; only " " I assure you I would not for a moment think of pntting the music oat by screaming or fainting—perfect calmness is one's first duty to society. I think you ought to be obliged to me for not making such a disagreeable thing as a scene. Tell me, if yon please, when my brother died." " My poor friend " " He is not poor now; and men don't have friends." " He was struck down on the street, almost at my side. For God's sake, Miss Reid, take my arm and leave this room! Let me see yon home." " I am going—home. Bnt please do not leave the room. 1 am not the least ill, and I can walk alone to my—my husband's carriage per fectly well. Forgive me if I have been—seemed impolite to you. I dare say you were hia friend—I dare say he had nothing that you wanted—and he—Good night " She left him auddenly and hnrriedly, as if she were not quite so mnch mistress of herself as she had been trying, with ill success enough, to make him believe. He had not learned a aingle word of her real story—that was clear. Helen Reid the wife of Gideon Skull! He did not let her see that he followed her, but he took care not to lose sight of her until she was in her carriage, and then he watched the carriage till he could follow it with his eyes no longer. " Well, Gray," said Dr. Dale, " how did you get on with Mrs. Skull ? Rather heavy to lift, isn't she?" "You never told me she is the sister of poor young Reid." "Is she? I'm sure I didn't know. Poor young fellow! I suppose that's why Bhe's always in mourning. Then it's true Skull married without a penny, for Reid hadn't any money, I'll swear. But, .do yon know, I fancy there something about to-night out of the common. There's a sort of a feeling of thunder in the financial air. Stock has gone np or down. I hope yon're not interested in that sort of thing?" i " Is Mrs. Skull a patient of yours ?" " No. I wish she were. But what makes you so desperately interested in Mrs. Skull ? She's neither a stock nor a share, but another ; man's wife, you know." i " Yes—Gideon Skull's wife, and Alan Reid'a sister. It's a queer world thisj so I'll wish it i good-night—till to-morrow." I 