AN EVENING WITH MR. SPURGEON. On a recent Thursday evening we had the pleasure of hearing once more the beloved minister of the Metropolitan Tabernacle. We were glad to see him looking exceedingly well, and to find that his marvellous voice has lost none of its clearness and power. Mr. Spurgeon's reading of the hymns on this occasion would alone have been a means of grace, revealing as it did what treasures of thought and emotion lie hidden in words to which justice is so seldom done in the pulpit. His rendering of the hymn before the sermon— " I heard the voice of Jesus say, Come unto Me and rest," was most effective, and brought tears into many eyes—as well it might. Ministers and evangelists who deem the giving out of the hymns and the reading of the Scriptures comparatively unimportant preliminaries of the service could not do betier than learn from Mr. Spurgeon the effect of due attention to these parts of public worship. The sermon, of which we give the substance, was founded on the story of blind Bartimeeus (Mark x. 46-52). This blind man, said the preacher, is a picture of what I earnestly desire every sinner who hears me may become. The man was blind as the sinner is blind, but he so acted as to be an excellent example to all of us. The blind men of Scripture are very interesting. The one mentioned in John ix. had some fine points about him. He could hold his own and state his case. He was mere than a match for the Pharisees, and we feel as we read his wordB that he said the right thing and spoke wisely and well. The man in this chapter, too, is a character. There is a sharp-cut individuality about him. He knows what he wants, and the best way to get it. He had often heard of Jesus, and had reached the conclusion that He who went about doing good must be " the Son of David." He was persuaded that the claims of this Jesus were true, and he thought within himself, " If He does but come this way I'll cry to Him with all my might." Jesus came at last, and Bartimseus lost not the opportunity. He made use of what senses he had. He could hear, if he could not see. He heard that Jesus assed by. Faith comes by hearing. Oh ye who Eear the word of the living God, are you, like this man, turning) your hearing to account ? But he had a tongue as well as hearing, and so he cried with aU his might, " Thou Son of David, have mercy on me!" My first point is, therefore, that this man is a pattern for all seekers under great discouragement. Perhaps some of you may say, " No man careth for his soul." Few, if any of you, could truly say that, but recollect that even if men discouraged you ever so much that would be no excuse for keeping away from Christ. But some of you, so far from desiring to be spoken to about your souls, feel it a sort of intrusion if anyone ventures to do so ; and there are Christians who fear to be thought guilty of violating the conventional proprieties of life if they should speak plainly and faithfully to others about Christ. According to such people, if a houBe were on fire, one must not break open the front door to rescue the perishing if one has not been introduced. One must se&jl; up one's card and do the thing politely I Stiiely no courtesy is so courtly as that which aims, not to give a moment's pleasure by a little hollow ceremony, but to arouse the soul to realities that never pass away. Not only did this man receive no enoouragement —from many he received eftscouragement. " Many charged him that he should hold his peace." They used the tone of authority—" Be quiet, will you !" They must stop the intrusive blind beggar with such bad manners. But to him who felt in his soul that the opportunity of getting his eyes opened had at last come, discouragements were but encouragements , and he cried out so much the more, " Thou Son of David, have mercy on me !" There's a sort of obstinate people in the world made of martyr-stuff, who will do what they are told not to do. This man was one of them. His lungs were well exeroised, for he had often called in vain upon upon the passers-by, and so he cried out with might and main, " Thou Son of David, have mercy on me!" Another discouragement was that Jesus had not answered him but had gone on. In verse 49 it is said that Jesus " stood still," implying that He was going on before. Have you, my hearer, been kept writing ? Very likely the reasons for that are to he found in yourself. Anyhow, cry out yet the more. But notice, secondly, that the man received en couragement. This was not given in words. It was drawn from the fact that Jesus called him. This is true of every one of you. Jesus calls you in the Gospel—" Whosoever will, let him come." There is no limit. This invitation is free as the air. It is absolutely universal. The call to all mankind is—« Repent ye, and believe the GoBpel." Next, there is what maybe described as "the character call." God describes certain characters whom He makeB welcome. If you are amongst those characters then you may be sure that you are welcome. " Come unto Me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Are you weary and heavy laden ? Then the call is for you. "Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters." Is that you? Do you thirst for the water of life 1 Then the call is for you. Are you without money—without anything which you fancy could purchase His favor 1 Then without doubt the call is for you. Again, there is the ministerial call. Often God enables his ministers so to describe a case as to make you feel as if someone had been telling him about you. You feel that the minister has hit the mark; that he has exactly described you. Do not doubt that this is but another way in which God calls you. Then there is the Holy Ghost's own personal and effectual call. When there is a secret drawing, tenderness of spirit, a softness of conscience, a sighing of the heart, a drawing nigh to Jesus, this is God'B call. If this be thy experience, be of good cheer ; He calleth thee. Notice, thirdly, that the man seemed to care no more for the encouragement than for the discouragement. He did not rest satisfied with encouraging words. Ah, what a poor thing is mere human encouragement to a soul oppressed with sin! The best comforts that can be spoken of or thought of are nothing until the sinner comes to Jesus. This man cast away his garment. It had often stood him in goud stead, and protected him from the cold. It had been precious to him as a beggar. But now he flings it away. If any bad habit in which you have been comfortable keeps you from Jesus, I beseech you to do likewise. In God's name, cast it off. Siill further, Bartimseus came to Jesus. Not to Peter, nor James, nor John. Oh, that you might have grace even now to do as he did ! Go to Jesus, dear seeker, and tell Him what ails thee. Go with such words as come first. Tell Him you are a sinner, a fool, a drunkard—whatever you are. Tell Him aU. Tell Him jast what you want. Getintoyour chamber, and lay your case before Him. Do you believe that Jesus is less able to save souls now than He was to save bodies then 1 Did you ever here of his being baffled ? Do get away from all the outward means to the Saviour Himself. Finally, this man, having found Christ, stuck to Him. Jesus said to him, " Go thy way." But he said, " Yea, Lord, I'll go my way. But thy way shall be my way." And so he followed Jesus in the way. How many are like the nine lepers ! How many after all our revival services turn back 1 But this man becomes Christ s avowed disciple. He enlists under Him. He went in the way. That way was up to Jerusalem. No doubt the disciples would tell him that Christ was going to be scourged, and spat upon, and set at nought, and cruc^ed, as He had said; but, all the same, he followed m the way. , T« Such was the pith of Mr. Spurgeon s appeal. If not in all respects as masterly as some of his discourses, it was sucli as none but a master could have preached, and the experience of many must have been that it was accompanied with ' power from on high."— The Christian. 