OUR HOME CORRESPONDENCE. [From our Special Correspondent 1 London, December 19. Christmas of 18/9 is going to be not much better nor much worse than an average. It will perhaps not be so cheerful as if it had fallen in November. We are no longer quite so sure as we were on the morning after Lord Mayor's Day that the good times are coming back upon us post-haste. Since the beginning of December there has been a lull in their advance. Reports from America represent the markets there to be overstocked with iron and several other staples in which we were preparing to drive a large trade. In the East there has also been a reus tien, which is showing itself in weaker en changes and lower prices of Bilver. In the home markets the revival holds out better. All the shipbuilding yards are busy, and the demard for ship-plates is greater than tan he supplied for several weeks longer But it is doubtfal if the purchasers cf the new ships have a clear idea what they are to do with them when they get them. There is no visible opening for them in any branch of trade; and though freights recovered wonderfully ail of a sudden last month they may drop again quite aB rapidly. The minor branches of home trade are healthy but not buoyant. In many manufac turing districts there is still great distress and dearth of employment. It will be less intense than last winter, however; and the weather is also more kindly from the poor man's point of view. Till the past week there was a very keen frost, varied with falls of snow. This week, however, both frost and snow have disappeared, and the weather is open, with occasional touches of fog. Curiously enough the Parisians have had a much harder winter than ours. For three weeks past they have been driven to the almost unheard-of extremity of braziers and other attempts at artificial heating. The Paris Municipality was paying nearly five thousand a day for spasmodic endeavours to cart away the enow. The rail ways were blocked, especially in the south, and mail communication with Spain was interrupted for several days. Even in Yorkshire or in Scot land we have not been so bad as that. Xiondon streets have never ceased to be passable, and the rush on the pantomimes promises to be some thing like old times. But excepting at some of the classical houses like Old Drury panto mime is only n ghost of its former self. It is remarkable how few managers deign now to notice Christmas at all in their programmes. Children are beginning to be treated on the American principle, as only smaller men and women. Melodrama, comedy, and even tragedy are cat down for them. The talk of the town just now, for instance, is the "^Children's Pinafore"—a version of Sullivan and Gilbert's masterpiece, played by a first-rate com pany imported from New York. It is even more comic than the full-grown opera bonffe. At the other end of the dramatic scale the Lyceum is shooting forth new laurels. The " Merchant of Venice" has been the most bril liant of ell the Lyceum revivals. Shylockhas gained for Mr. Irving a host of new admirers. Among the lions who have paid their respects to him this winter are Mr. Browning, Mr. Bus kin, Sir F. Leighton, Sir Henry Thompson, and Mr. Froude. THE QUEEN'S CHBISTKAS. The usual reunion of the Royal Family took place last week at Windsor, on the anniversary of the Prince Consort's death. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, with their children, had spent several days at the Castle before it. Her Majesty and her Russian daughter-in-law are evidently drawing together again, and all strain between the two Oonrts is believed to have ceased. The personal feeling between her and the Czar was always warm and sympathetic, though as soon as politics intervened it had to be in abeyance. The very frankness and candour which were practised during a painful period of difficulty would make it easier to forget estrange ments. The Gear was deeply gratified en the occasion of the last attempt on his life that the second message of congratulation on his escape should have been from the Queen. The first, of course, was from the Czar's venerable nncle, who had the start of everybody else through his representative. General Werder, being in the Imperial suite, and having gene to the telegraph office as soon as he heard of the outrage. Lord Odo Russell was not long behind him, however, and Her Majesty's congratulations followed close on Kaiser Wilhelm's. An invitation was sent the same day to Eastwell for the Duchess of Edinburgh to take her children down to Windsor for a week. The Duke of Edinburgh is understood to be looking out for a retreat in the Isle of Wight, near Osborne, in whieh to leave bis family when he hoists his flag again. H«> has been in treaty for a beautiful estate, worth about £80,000, which will probably soon supersede Eastwell. The Prince and Princess of Wales have also been on a visit to Windsor, and their guest the Marchioness of Lorne. The Duke and Duchess of Connaught joined the family party later, and all were present at the memorial service in the Prince Consort's Chapel. A cast of the recum bent statne of the Princess Alice and her daughter the Princess Marie had been pre viously placed in the mausoleum. Mr. Bohtn has almost completed the stttue, which is a striking likeness of the lamented Princess. The Grand Duke of Hesse had been asked to be present at the celebration of the first anni versary of his wife's death, but tbe weather was too severe for his children to make the long journey from Darmstadt. It is under stood that bis widowerhood will not continue much longer. Hi« next choice will probably be among tbe Hapsburgs, an ar rangement which would not have suited Prince Bismarck a few years ago, though he is willing enough to further it now. He might, however, preter a matrimonial connection with Berlin, as better calculated to draw together the loose bonds of the youthful Empire. Prince Louis is net Buch a keen politician as to make his per sonal alliances a very grave Imperial question. One of tbe subjects of regret and uneasiness that Prince Bismarck foresees in tbe Almanack de Got ha is the utter absence among the princely families of men with political inBtinot, who might be useful lieutenants to tbe future Kaiser. He would deprussianize the Empire if he could, but he has not the means. THE AGITATION IN IBBLAND. Sunday demonstrations continue to be held in tbe West of Ireland, but Mr. Parnell has been conspicuous by his absence at all of them. He end hie friend Finnigan leave immediately for New York to commence their American stump tour. It turns out that he is half an American by birth, and that his reception in the States is expected to be much warmer than would be given to a mere Irish agitator. His mother belongs to the States, and is one of the wealthiest citizenesses of the Union. He received most of bis education in New York, and has only settled in Ireland since he became a professional politician. His father left him a very small estate there, the rents of which, I 11 ted not say, are punctually paid, as also are his brother's, who is a small proprietor near Dublin. It was the brother's, by-the-way, that got into the Orange pspers, and afforded so much grim sarcasm to the Tory Press. Between Mr, Parnell and Jimmy Lowtber, as the Secretary for Ireland is jocosely styled, it is now a game of diamond cut diamond. The Irish Secretary, who is a very wealthy as well as a very hospit able man, ii making Dublin as festive as he can wiih dinners and balls. Such entertainments as he hes been giving this winter have not been known for many years. The Government are equally well represented by their Viceroy, the Duke of Abercorn. His Grace is not only popular himself, but he is the head of a popular and brilliant family. Lord George Hamilton, one of his youngest sons, was a grand success at the India Office, and is one of the smartest debaters among the young men on the Treasury Bench. Lord Gland Hamilton, his brother, is familiar by name at least to the colonies. He has been long associated with Colonial Com panies, and you may remember about him as a Director of the New Zealand and Panama Shipping Company, which lost so much money over one of the firet experiments in developing the Pacific mail route. Another of the family j (Lady Georgina Hamilton) is a magazine j writer, and I believe one of the best Russian scholars in this country. The Abercorn family is closely connected by marriage with the Buccleuchs. Lady Dalkeith, Mr. Gladstone's opponent—for she is as keen in the contest as her husband—being one of the Duke's daughters. They live a good deal in Midlothian, where | they have some property; but their principal estates are in the North of Ireland. The Duke is so much the better a Viceroy as he is known to be one of the best Irish landlords; but fortunately for htm his property is in the North—the Orange part of Ireland, He has had no trouble about his rents, Bnd this is lucky also for the Govern ment. Had his property been in the West of Ireland it would have been impossible for him to get his rents or to govern the country. Bat in his position he can be as cautious as Mr. Parnell himself. A FABIAN POLICY TO BE ADOPTED. The young O'Oonnell is quite conscious that I he must play a waiting game. He has been doing nothing else for the past week or two. His henchmen in the West announce every Sunday that he may be expected at three or four different demonstrations, but he never shows at any of them. The American tour, which had been relinquished, is now taken up 8gain as a means of escape from the danger of the would-be peasant proprietors getting over-heated. On their part the Oastle authori ties are equally anxious to avoid that danger. The prosecutions against Daly and Davitt will not, it is understood, be carried further in the meantime. The accused surrendered at the Assizes, and the Grand Jury found true bills against them. Tbey were then liberated on nominal bail, and presumably will not be called upon again unless they repeat the offence in some aggravated form. Killen was the last liberated, and be drove direct, in the company of his friend Davitt, to a tenant farmers' meeting at Dromore. He was speaking again within half an hour or an honr of his release, telling the farmers, amid loud cheers, that he had had the privilege of being incarcerated for a few days in the cause of Ireland. The only crime he had been guilty of was endea vouring to foster in Ireland the spirit of union, of which the Government had such a horror. Mr. Killen's defiance of the Oastle was worthy of Mr. O'Donnell. The Government, he said, had tried Oastle chicanery, brutal violence, imprison ment, and, worst of all, slander, but they had never succeeded, and never wonld. His speech at Gnrteen, by his own account of it, was one of the most reasonable and moderate protests against tyranny that could be conceived. He was quite prepared to stand by every word that he had actually said, but he was not to be re sponsible lor the bungling, mischievous reports of people sent down by the Government to make trouble. Mr. Killen concluded by giving his real views about physical force. He did not deny that there were times when the gospel of the sword was the most glorious gospel that could be preached for suffering humanity, but such times must be selected, and such opportunities waited for. That was not a moment in which physical force should be advocated. It was not required, and it was not expedient. They required nothing more in Ireland, he said, than what had given peace and contentment to the Continent. All tbey sought in Ireland was the reduction of rents and of the value of land to a reasonable standard, combined with facilities for tenants becoming their own landlords. In this defini tion of the Nationalist programme, Mr. Killen illustrated a marked change which has come over the agitation since the arrests were made, and the Government may fairly say in conse quence of the arrests. There has not been a word at any recent demonstration about non-payment of rent. That Frankenstein at least is laid, and it was the most alarmiDg one. I hear that the arrests have even had some practical effect in the same direction, rents being now paid whichwere previously withheld. Theories of the mobs at last Sunday's meetings were for peasant proprietorships and Charles Stewart Parnell. The largest demonstration was held at Carrick-on-Suir, all four of the "seditioners" being present. Ladies were in great force on the platform, and a parish priest occupied the chair but there was only one Irish member present (Mr. Browne), who could not avoid appearing, as his fealty to Mr. Parnell is under suspicion, and it would have been fatal to him to stay away. But the poor man tried to be moderate, and suc ceeded almost too well for his hearers. ASSAULTS AND OUTBAGES. While the demagogues lecture) on Sunday afternoons the threatening letter- writers and the highwaymen of the party pertinaciously pursue their several roles. Various laud agents have got the now familiar notice with the emblamatic coffin at the head of the paper, for bidding them to collect their employers' rents. An Irish peer, Lord Fermoy, has been knocked down iu the streets of Limerick in the open day. He was leaving the County Club in the afternoon when he received a violent blow from behind, which felled him to theground, severely wounding his head. Two gentlemen who witnessed the dastardly assault ran after the fellow and secured him. He proved to be a discharged servant, and also an evicted tenant of His Lordship, O'Shea by name. One of the most serious cases which have jet been discovered is that of Thomas Brennau, who was caught try ing to seduce men of the Royal Irish Constabulary from their allegiance. The Grand Jury have returned a true bill against him, and his will probably be one of the first trials held. The CftBtle authorities are anxious, for the sake of moral effect, to get one conviction for the graver class of offences which they know too well are being practised. The mass meetings they could despise if they stood by themselves. It is what goes on behind them that is dangerous, and Brennan's case is one of this kind. There are fears, too, that a scheme is maturing somewhere for organized opposition to evictions. Not a single eviction has taken place or been expected to take place duriug the past month without c rawing a great crowd. The result has gene rally been a postponement of the operation and the nonappearance of the Sheriff and his minions. No collision has occurred between the police and the mob. The intention of the Government is to couusel forbearanco to land lords for a month or two longer, and then if necessary to support them rigorously iu enforc ing the law. Troopa are beiDg quietly dis tributed in the districts likely to give most trouble. A company or two of the 57th have been eent down to Castlebar, and other small garrisons will be formed in the South- West. When the winter breaks the landlords will make further efforts to bring their tenants to reason. The distress, which has been grossly exaggerated, will then, it is hoped, be undeni ably over. The tenanto, with a good prospect before them for next season, may think twice before risking an eviction. One thing the most rabid of them is convinced about—that if it should come to grim earnest they cannot stand against the law. Much is to be expected from the very levity and versatility of the people. With the same rapidity with which the anti-rent cry subsided among them peasant proprietorships may collapse. Mr. Parnell may bring them home some new shibboleth from the States which will carry tbem on to the general election, when a life-and-death struggle will take place between him and the Government. I know that the Government have been urged "by some of their supporters to tahe the oppor tunity of this Irish crisis for forestalling Mr. Gladstone with the county franchise and the redistribution of seats. A daredevil Adminis tration might silence Ireland by taking away three- fourths of the Home Rule seats. RUSSIA. DEMANDING A CONSTITUTION. The present situation of Russia is an ironical comment on Hr. Gladstone's charge against the Eastern policy of the Government, that it had aggrandized her while alienating the feelings of her people. The Czar is at present shut up in his palace of Tsarsko-Selo iu bid health Rumours of serious disagreement between him and the Ozarewitch have been so frequent as to demand official contradiction. It was affirmed by an Austrian paper only a day or two ago that their differences had gone so far that an order for the arrest of theCz&rewitch; was placed in the hands of General Dreabeln, and the execution of it only prevented by an urgent telegram from the Czarevna. The arrest may hsve hem fictitious, but the differences are generally believed to be real. They relate to that old dispute whether Russia is to turn constitutional or not. The Czarewitch is so keen on the con stitutional side as to recall the attitude of our own Prince Regent to his honest father George the Third. The Ozar would be glad to mitigate the horrors of government by the bayonet, but there is a sad fatality which attends every move he makes in that direction. He had come to a very liberal decision before leaving Livadia last month, and the opportunity was to be taken of announcing it to the assembled nobles at Moscow. Tbe attempt to blow up the Imperial train gave him a very different subject to talk about, and the unsigned ukase has been thrust aside. Since his return to St. Petersburg he has relapsed into the hands of the Cossack party in the Court. General Miluton, his War Minister and a fire-eating Panalavist, has risen high in favour. At the festival of St. George he proposed the toast of His Majesty's health, and he is now the soul of the military clique which rules the empire. There has been an unmistakable renewal of the strained rela tions with Germany at the festival of St. George. The German Minister was absent for the first time for many years, and thero was no toast drunk by the Czar to bis revered relative on the spree. Prince Gortschakoff waited for several days in Berlin on his way home to give Bismarck a chance of asking him to Yarzia. Bismarck had fortified himself, however, against visitors by summoning bis doctor and keeping him in attendance nntil Gortschakoff had re sumed his journey. A day or two later he threw open his jealously guarded doors to Count Schouvmoff and Lord Dufferin. For the moment Prince Gortschakoff seems to have benefited by the latest outrage of the Nihilists. He has resumed the command of the^Ohancellorie, but it is no longer what it was. Tbe Ministry of tbe Interior has overshadowed it, and Russia is to have no foreign policy, or as little as possible, for a year or two to come. As a shrewd diplo matist remarked, she is entering on another period of recoil like that which aucceeded the Crimean war. The only foreign enterprise she has on hand is the Turcoman expedition, for which strenuous exertions are being made in the government of the Caucasus, with a view to another dash at them early in spring. The Psnslavs are in a plunging humour. A col lision with England being inevitable, it will be better, they think, to have it at once. FAGGOT VOTES AGAIN. I may take it for granted, I suppose, that your readers, after all they have heard from me about Midlothian begin to understand what a faggot vote is. In Midlothian there are said to be four or five hundred out of three thousand elec tors who merit Mr. Gladstone's reproaches of being " phantoms and intruders on the genuine constituency." They are not all Dalkeith faggots, I may remark, though generally called so. The older ones, to the extent of a third perhaps, were created by the Whigs in support of tbe Gibson-Craig interest, when it was paramount in the country. Those were " life-renters," and perfectly bogus voters. They paid—or were said to have paid —so much money for a life interest in a certain piece of land or an old house. The original owner, who remained the real owner, paid them a fixed yearly intereat, terminating with their decease, when, of course, their suffrage ceased to be available. In the old days, when conveyancers were rather less scrupulous and public opinion less inquisitive than now, the transaction began and ended on parchment, the life-renter granting the superior a " back letter" undertaking to reconvey when called upon. Some of the surviving life-renters do not know where the property is on which they vote, and if they could be challenged they would be easily struck off, but a claim once granted remains of course good, unless the circumstances can be proved to have altered. Sham life rents and bogus fens have, however, suc cumbed to the increasing stringency of tbe Registration Courts. Their place has been taken to .a large extent by superiorities and by bona-fide freeholds. Iu a closely contested county small properties — a farm labourer's cottage, for instance, or a roadside smithy—command about 50 per cent, above their market value for voting purposes. Any thing that can run the gauntlet of the Registra tion Court as Leing worth £5 a year finds a ready putchaser. Midlothian, being largely occupied in coal-mining, affords facilities for cockatoo landlords; but the supply, great as it is, cannot keep pace with tbe demand. The Dalkeith in terest has resorted to "superiorities" as a means of eking it out. The Duke of Bucclench sells an interest in a certain piece of ground on his Midlothian estate to a political friend anxious to qualify. At the same time there is a second deed signed between them, by which the Duke receives back the ground in feu—that is on a ground rent. The practical outcome of the bargain is tbat the purchaser gets 4£ ner ceut. for his money, snd has the privilege of voting as tbe Duke's superior. This is ingenious enough, but it does not exhaust the fertility of invention which tbe Midlothian contest has ex cited. Mr. Gladstone's friends have devised a wonderful scheme'for neutralizing Mr. Addison Smith's lambs, as the Dalkeith " phantoms" are called. Outside the burgh boundary of Edin burgh, and just within the rounty, tiiey have fenced a large piece of ground, on which they are erecting over a hundred tenements, each of them to carry a vote. A COLONY OF GLADSTONE " PHANTOMS." This remarkable colony of fagots is being organized on Building Society principles. The Liberal Ward Secretaries in Edinburgh have gone round among the workshops and offered to men of the right colour small houses of room and kitchen at about two-thirds of their market value. The terms, I hear, are £7 10s. per annum for twelve years, after which the tenant becomes proprietor. The tenements cannot possibly be built to stand for less than £120, and the present value of twelve annual payments of £7 10s. does not much exceed £60. There has been little difficulty, it is said, in finding the required number of purchasers. But the most dramatic feature of the scheme has yet to be told. Six days ago not a vestige of these hundred and odd tenements existed, and in order to furnish a qualification for the next electoral vote they must be com pleted by January 31—that is within seven weeks from the day when they were commenced. The race with time which the - builders are mating escites the greatest inte rest, not only in Edinburgh but all over Scot' land, and Tynecaatle, the seat of the proposed Gladstone colony, is being visited by hundreds of people daily. The weather is for the pre sent in its favour, as the severe frost of the eaily winter broke np on Saturday last. At the etroke of midnight on Sunday the masons began woik, and they are to keep at it night and day till the carcases are up and roofed. Should frost return hot lime will be used. Quality and stability will be of no account. 'What is wanted is the votes for next election. Every purchaser will get a back letter, allowing him to break the bargain at the end of two years, when, very probably, the entire barrack will Lave to be pulled down. Tbe promoters of this electoral college are cal culating on having the tenements in a sufficiently forward state by the end of January to pass the EegiBtration Court next October, and put their owners on the roll by November 1. Their labour will be thrown away, however, if the dissolution should come earlier than next October, which it is almost certain to do. We have indications - of that in the instructions which the Chancellor of the Exchequer has issued to the heads of departments for the preparation of next year's Estimates. Hitherto tbe departments have only had to send in draft Estimates in December, and they have had the opportunity of revising them up to the middle of February. This year they have to send in their final Estimates at once, and it has been intimated to them that the Government intend to furnish Supply if' possible before Easter. The conclusion this suggests is, of course, a short session, and a dissolution as soon as possible after the farmers have got their crops in. The Tynecastle^ Glad stone Asylum, as it is nicknamed, would in that CBBe be too late for next election; and it is questionable if it could stand till another came - round. But you can estimate from it the intense - excitement which Mr. Gladstone's preliminary crusade has caused in the country. The project,, if carried out on its original lines, would cost nearly thirty thousand pounds. The funds are being obtained from a group of Investment Companies on the collective guarantee of Lord' Boaebery and a few more Gladstonian capitalists. As a means of employment for frozen-out masons and carpenters it is producing good political' effect. BEFOllT OF THE LIQUIDATOB8 OF THE GLASGOW BANK. The liquidators of the City of Glasgow Bank have issued their first annual report, showing, the state of the Bank's affairs on the 22nd October last. It shows that daring the year they had realized from tbe assets of the Bank. £4,856,000, and from tbe two calls on the share holders £4,452,000, together fully 9| millions. They had paid specially secured debts amounting, to £1,659,000, and on dividends to unsecured creditors £7,397,000. The expenses of the liqui dation to date have been about £101,000, of which the liquidators have about £37,000 for' themselves—fully £7,GOO apiece. They had on hand at the end of the year £151,000, which has been considerably added to since by further realizations of securities. They hope to pay early in tbe coming year a third dividend* of Is. 8d. in the pound, making _ up a total of 15s. The remaining five sh&linge; tbey will require some time to realize, as the remainiug assets ere not immediately available:. They comprise tbe New Zealand Company's lands, which it is generally thought they should' hold for a much better price than can be got as yet. Their advisers in New Zealand have, I believe, assured them that iu course of a few years £7 or £6 an acre may be obtained for the Company's lands. They have, for tbe present, continued tbe original valuation of the Com- - pany'6 shares held by tbe Bank—60 for the* ordinary and 80 for the preference. On October 22 last the remaining assets were valued at £4,309,000, and_ the re maining debts at £3,840,000, leaving a per spective balance of £468,297. But this, is subject to arrears of interest, which at the' legal rate of 5 per cent, would amount to £385,000 to October 22. There is not much hope low of the creditors remitting interest, or at least making more than a partial remission: It has been put to them that they should not: claim more than the money would have been worth to them had they received it when the Bank stopped. During the past year the Bank's. Discount Companies, and bill-brokers, who are, tbe largest creditors, have been glad to get 1 per cent, for short loans. It will seem hard that from these ruined shareholders they should exact five times as much as the solvent public would have given them. They have an answer to that, however, in the circumstance that it: matters very little now to most of the share holders what rate of interest is paid. Onlyt 269 remained solvent after the first callj. and it would be to them that tbe whole rever sion, if any, would pass. Tbey hold only £90,000 of stock, say 905 shares. If interest, bad not to be paid there would be half a million of a surplus, which would afford £500. per share to the 905 shares left on the register All who compounded or made full surrender o£ their property are legally out of tbe partnership. The very reduced number of shareholders has given rise to exaggerated ideas - of the value of tbe possible reversion. Before tbe report of the liquidators appeared rumours got abroad of a large reversion, and enquiries were made for call-paid shares at £500 each. Id Glasgow as much as £1,000 each was offered. The report,, however, gives little countenance to such specu lations. 