IN THE SERVICE OF FRANCE. By James Sheauan. (Reprinted from the Lamp.) A VISIT Chapter V. AT HAWTHORN HILL. Who cloth not feel until his failing sight Faints into dimness with its own delight, His changing cheek, his sinking heart confess The might—the majesty of loveliness? Bryox. Some seven or eiglit days passed without anything deserving of particular mention taking place. Sir Henry Hamer rode out regularly each evening, generally ac companied by his cousin ; and Miss Nortli coate, after some time, began to remark that whilst the baronet over consulted her wishes in the selection of the route, he always en deavoured to bring into some part of the ride the road by Hawthorn Hill. Hot that tin's roused her suspicious at all, for judging her cousin’s dispositions by her own, she could not conceive it possible that a person so much beneath him in position and wealth, could create in him any interest beyond a passing notice or casual inquiry. Her egotism blinded her to the indifference with which he treated her, and she imagined the union of their two vast estates to he as eagerly desired by him as it was by herseif and by his mother. As the young baronet was one morning leisurely strolling down the; road which led from the gate of his park to the river bridge, he was overtaken by his friend the rector. “ This is a pleasant surprise to meet you here,” said Sir Henry, as they shook hands. “ Are you going far ?” “ Well, I was just about paying a visit at Hawthorn Hill. If you are not otherwise occupied, would you care to accompany me ? I believe you have never met either Mr. May ville or his daughter.” “ No ; and nothing could give me greater pleasure after all I have heard you say of them.” “ Very good,” said the clergymen ; “ and the walk will give us the opportunity of a chat. Have you yet decided when you shall return to Dublin ?” “ Not as to the exact day. I had a letter on Thursday from my friend, George Fitzgerald in which he stated that the great Union de bate stands fixed for the 2brd. And as I would not wish on any account to miss it, I must leave at latest on the 22nd.” “ How I should like to be present at it my self ! And yet on second thoughts T hardly know, for I should miss from the Parliament house its brightest ornament and Ireland's worthiest sou. Oh, what dangers seem to gather round our country now that he is gone. It is only in his absence that such attacks could be made upon her liberties, for patriotism and valour seem to have aband oned us with Henry Grattan. I stood in College Green on the memorable day, when, addressing that great multitude comprising all the great, noble and brilliant in the land, he proclaimed Behind a nation in the face of the world. I heard him there hailed by hundreds of thousands, as the ‘ Saviour of his country.’ I saw him cheered by countless multitudes through the streets, and yet I have lived to see the day when he is living in obscurity an exile on a foreign soil, and at the time when his country most needs his protection agaist the attacks made upon her very ex istence 1) e her own degenerate sons, sup ported by all the power that English gold and English corruption can command.” “ But let us not despair, sir,” said the baronet, when the old man’s emotion had somewhat subsided. “ There are still men true and honest to he found in Ireland ; and Gattan may return when he secs that her free dom is seriously menaced.” “ All, my dear young friend, you do not consider to what class of men our liberties are entrusted, and what are the inducements held out to corrupt them. The majority of the Irish representatives are prodigals, and spend thrifts, who having encumbered their pro perties beyond the chance of redemption, and seeing no other chance of escaping from their difficulties, eagerly grasp at the means thrown in their reach by the unscrupulous Castlereagh. Grattan and the Volunteers were the only hope of Ireland. Both have departed, and I fear soon also will her name from the list of nations. But to turn from this painful subject. Who now are amongst the most promising- speakers in the Historical Society? I hope the men of the present j show no falling off.” “ Oh, no danger of that. There never were so many good men in the society to gether before. Amongst the best are Moore, French, North, Fitzgerald and Ilarcourt, but there is one who bids fair to eclipse all of us, seniors as well as juniors, he is the son of a Cork physician, his name is Robert Emmet.” “ Is lie the brother of Thomas Addis i Emmet, the associate of Drennan on the J “ Press ’ newspaper ?,, “ The same.” i “ lie ought to be a clever man. But who is this Moore whom you have mentioned ?” “ 1 do not indeed know very much of him beyond that he is one of the few Catholics in college ; his father is, I believe, a baker in Aungier Street. He is better known as a poet than as an orator. He has written very good translations of some of the odes of Ana creon,” In such conversation they passed the time, until they reached the door of Mr. Mayville’s cottage, when the baronet felt bis heart beat more rapidly, and a strange nervousness seized upon him such as he had never ex perienced before, and when the two gentle men were ushered into the presence of Miss Mavville, he felt more embarrassment than he could have thought possible. The lady rose when they entered, and with a smile of welcome gave her hand to Mr. I)e Vere, who having shaken it affectionately said, “ Allow me to introduce to you, Agnes, a near neighbonr of yours, Sir Henry Darner.” Agnes smiling turned and bowed to the bar onet with an easy unembarrassed manner. The young man caught the expression of her face as their eyes met, and at that moment an image was stamped upon his heart and memory that was to give a bent and character to his future life. As she stood there before him, never, lie enthusiastically believed, was there beheld by man a vision more lovely. His heart, never contaminated by the vices of the world, was in its virgin freshness ex fjnisitivoly sensible to the feelings that beauty, accompanied by virtue and feminine excellence, over inspires. “ Will you not take a seat, Sir Ilcnry Damer ?” said Agnes, “ my father, I am sorry to say is out, but I think lie will re turn before very long.” “ 1 trust our visit lias not disturbed you, Miss May ville ” said the baronet. “You ap peared to de diligently occupied when we came in.” “ Oh not in the least, I was only finishing a small drawing I made a few evenings ago of old Crandlom Castle.” “ Come Agnes, you must let us see it,” said the rector. “Sir Henry is a great antiquar ian and a member of the Academy.” “Certainly if yon and Sir Jlemy wish it,” said the girl laughing ; “ but you will promise not to be too severe critics she took a small sheet of paper from the desk, and blnslnngly handed it to the baronet. “Oil iiow like, how very like !” cried Sir Ileiirv, as lie went to the window to inspect the drawing minutely ; “ there is the old chimney, and there the tumble-down tower, and there the liohen-oovdred entrance : the small grated- window and all. The drawing is perfect. Do you know anything of the history of this ruin, Mr. Do Vere ?” “ Then- is a very old story concerning it which would take a long time to relate, hut I think there is also a modern one. Is there not, Miss Mayville?’ “ I have never heard it,” said Agnes smil ing, “ unless you refer to the ghost said to have been seen on the tower by a fanner one night when returning from a fair.” “ Oh, not at all, the story I allude to is of a poor woman found dying of hunger there by a certain'young lady, who had her con veyed to a neighbouring cottage, where she was supported and cared for until she was completely recovered.” “01, now, Mr. De Vere, you are always recurring to the old subject ; such trifles as these should he forgotten when they are so long out of date.” “ Not so, young lady, they ought rather to be remembered and referred to as examples that others might worthily imitate.” The conversation passed from one subject to another, Sir Henry becoming each mo ment more charmed with the natural grace and ease of manner of their fair hostess. Agnes throughout displayed a cultivated and refined taste in literary subjects, but always spoke with that maidenly diffidence and reserve, without which the highest talent and education in woman fail to confer a charm on the possessor. At the request of Mr. De Vere, sho sang a few of his favourite songs, accompanying herself on the harp : the baronet standing by entranced the while. Had the young soldier <>f France been present at the moment, and beheld the rapturous expression of Sir Henry’s face as he greedily drank in the sweet notes of those airs he himself used so dearly to love, he might with some reason have thought that it was to her constancy the test was about to be applied ; and would perhaps have been not a little apprehensive of the result. After being hospitably refreshed wi h some luncheon in the simple style adopted at Haw thorn IJill, the visitors were reluctantly obliged to bid the young lady farewell. When Sir Henry had taken his leave the rector lingered a moment behind. “ I have come here to-day my dear child,” he said, “ the bearer of good news. I have something to tell of Edward, which I know will please you.’ The girl’s colour went and came rapidly. After a few moments she spoke. “ Oh, thank God ! he is well, then ? IIo has reached France in safety ?’’ “ Yes, you may be of good courage and thank God, my child, for thus far He has indeed preserved him. Father O’Connor called on me last evening to tell me that the young man who gave Edward the introduc tion to his friend in Paris has received a letter from that person, in which he states that through his influence in the war depart ment he has succeeded in obtaining a com mission for his young Irish friend in one of the new levies. So now he is on the road to glory or to death. You will probably before long receive a letter from himself ; meanwhile continue to pray earnestly to God, mi dear Agnes, that He limy vouchsafe at no distant time to restore him to his native land, preserved in soul and body from the many dangers that beset his path.” Agnes heard with feelings of pride and gladness of the realization of Edward’s hopes, but she trembled when she remembered the dangers to which he was exposed, and the uncertainty of their next meeting. The con flict of her emotions rendered her silent. Mr. He Vere read her thoughts. “ We must not dwell, my child,” he said, “only upon the gloomy side. Who can tell what honours and distinctions may not yet await Edward. What think you of the title General MaeMahon,” he added, merrily' ; “ has it not a martial sound ?” Agnes smiled with forced gaiety, she well appreciated the good man’s endeavour thus to inspire hope.” “ Yes, i. think it has,” she replied, “it would be a good name to employ' in the rally ing call on the battle-field, when mustering for the final charge that was to turn the fortunes of the day .” “ Aye, so it would, as the names of his countrymen often were before, Sarsfield at Landen, and O’Brien at Fontenoy. But I shall say adieu now, Agnes. Sir Henry must be wondering at: my long delay. Father O’Connor will probably' call either to-day or to-morrow, and give you more accurate parti culars. Good-bye, my dear girl, and God bless you and pressing her hand tenderly, the good man took his departure. On their return home, Sir Henry turned the conversation on his mother's hopes and intentions with regard to Miss Northcoate. “I have long suspected,” he said, “that Lady Hamer lias set her heart on our being' married, and 1 have framed my conduct accordingly. I have been particular never to show Louise Northcoate anything more than the bare etiquette required from the host to his guest. Any person who has observed my manner towards her, must have remarked it as almost formal. You would do me a great kindness, Mr. He Vere, if you would take the first opportunity' of informing my mother that such an event as she hopes for can never possibly take place.” “ I gave Lady Hamm' on a former occasion to understand that I thought as much,” said the clergyman, “ for ymur coldness towards Miss Northcoate did not escape me. Your feelings though, may change with time and then-” “ Oh never, never ; impossible, I assure you, quite impossible.” He spoke so decidedly, and almost irrit ably, that the rector did not pursue the sub ject. They said but little further on the way back, but ere they parted, the baronet pro posed another visit to Hawthorn Hill, that lie might be introduced to Mr. Mayville. “ I intend to call there myself again before the end of the week,” said the clergyman. “ Suppose then we appoint Thursday to drive over together in my carriage.” “ With all my heart. Perhaps Father O’Connor might accompan}^ us.” “ His doing so would afford me much plea sure. I greatly desire to cultivate that good man’s acquaintance.” On Sir Henry’s return to the Hall, however, he found a Dublin letter awaiting him from his friend, George Fitzgerald, He opened it eagerly, and perused its contents. It besought him on account of some important political matters to return to the city at the earliest possible moment. No time was to be lost, and his presence amongst his party was ur gently required. Had the summons to the capital come a day earlier, he would have rejoiced at it, for he had been then longing to escape from the monotony of country life and the exclusive society of his cousin. But now it was with a pang and a feeling of disappointment that he threw down the letter and left the room, to give orders relative to his departure for Dublin next morning. During dinner that day, and throughout the evening, both Lady Darner and Miss North coate noticed Sir Henry’s manner to be un usual and absent. He seemed deeply absor bed in thought, and often answered only in monosyllables as if mechanically. As soon as he could free himself from the restraints of the dinner-table, he took refuge in a solitary moonlight stroll in the grounds. For a time he wandered along the river bank, gazing on the bright water, and enjoy ing the fresh fragrance of the hour. He was now at the age when the golden visions of fancy are taken for realities. He possessed all the high and sanguine hopes, the gener ous ardour, the keen sensibilities and the glowing imagination of one-and-twenty. As yet his life had been unclouded by sorrow. Possessed of wealth, influence and station, which he earnestly desired to employ for the good of his fellow- man, he looked for ward only with hope and confidence, and an ticipated neither disappointment nor mis fortune. “ Until this day,” he said to himself, “I believed not one so beautiful and good was to be found in this wicked world. She seems rather like a seraph who has assumed the fairest of human forms, and descended upon this earth to compassionate and alleviate human sufferings. How beautiful must be the soul that looks out through her deep blue eyes. Well might the Florentine ascribe all his inspiration to the influence of the beauty of Beatrice. I wonder was she like Agnes. Her complexion, he says, 1 was fair as is the lily, her hair was like the purest gold,’0 so far the likeness holds. Beyond this he does not attempt to describe her : the powers that sustained him throughout that most stu pendous work—the greatest produced by man, seem here to fail him. I can understand why now ; though I never could before. Who could do justice to the expression of that face ? Oh, Agnes ! could I ever render myself worthy of you ! Would that, like the knights of old, I might win you by sword and lance. But the age of great souls and noble deeds has departed. There is yet one course by which I may perhaps gain your favour ; I know I must love Ireland and de sire her liberty. In the service of my coun try, then, may I hope to win your smile. Henceforth, with double zeal shall I devote myself to her cause. Your name and hers shall be on my lips, when I meditate great actions. For a time, Agnes, farewell !” bo thought and spoke the young lover in all the enthusiasm of his sold. In his sangu ine and buoyant imagination, he saw the path which lay before him bright and cloud less as that of the planet in the fair sky ab ove his head, and the couse of his life smooth and tranquil as that of the river that flowed at his feet, gliding gently and noiselesslv on ward towards the main, and supplying fresh ness and verdure to the banks bjr which it passed. Vain dreamer, he did not re member that ere morning the storm clouds might roll over the clear space, and shut out the bright orb and its beams from the world : that the floods might come down from the mountains, and swell the clear and gentle stream to a discoloured, boisterous and im .petuous torrent, hurrying onwards, and bear * Dante, vita nuova ing with it ruin and desolation, until it had expended itself in the vast and boundless ocean there to find its eternal goal. “ There is one thing,” pursued Robert Har court, “ I am rather anxious to know about— that is, how was it that you came to enter College first ?” “ I’ll tell you then in a few words./ replied Mr. Dowell. “ My mother and my uncle were sitting at the fire one evening at home, talk ing about some pigs that were after being sold. An old teacher of mine was sitting on the hob. My mother was calculating how much she made by the pigs, ‘ Their feeding cost me eleven pence a week each for twenty-three weeks,1 says she, £ how much is that ?’ None of them could tell. ‘ Michael, my hero,’ says Mr. O’Regan, ‘ get down your slate and make it up for your mother.’ I took my slate down and then calculated it up and then says I, ‘ 253 pence.’ ‘ Quite right, my man,’ says he ; ‘Now how much is that?’ I made it up and then I said, 4 One pound one and a penny.’ Right again,’ says he, 4 that’s what the feeding of one pig cost, Mrs. Dowell ; now what did you get for each pig ma’am ?’ 1 Two pounds fifteen,’ said my mother. Put that down, Mike,’ said he, ‘ and tell us what was the profit ?, 4 One pound fourteen and eleven pence,’ said 1. 4 How many pigs were there ma’am ?’ says he, 4 Nine,’ says my mother, 4 and the old sow that wasn’t sent.’ ‘Now, Michael, my boy,’ said he, 4 what’s the sum total your mother made ?’ 4 Fifteen pounds six and three pence,’ said I totting it up. Do you hear that, ma’am ?’ said Mr. O’Regan clapping his fist upon the table and turning to my mother, 4 there’s arithmetic learning for you. Isn’t it a murderin’ pity, Mrs. Dowell, that the boy isn’t sent to Trinity College to take the shine out of them Dublin chaps?’ 4 But shure he doesn’t know Latin?’ said my mother. 4 I’ll soon teach him,’ says he. 4 He knows no Greek,’ says my uncle. 4 Devil may care for that,’ says the mastlier, 4 if I pass him what more do you want ?’ So with that he began at me next day with the Latin grammar, and worked on for two years and a half, and then he brought me to town after telling my mother that she’d see me yet the Mastlier of the Rolls. There was a minister he was acquainted with in Dublin and to him he brought me. Well, he made interest for me and got me a private examination, and the end of it was I got in on two books of Latin, and sorra a word of Greek beyond the first chapter of the Gospel of S. John : and so here I am, now as you see, a student of Trinity College, Dublin.” “You are a lucky fellow indeed Mr. Do well ; I wish I had got in on as easy terms. But, by Hercules, here are our party ! Now Michael, look your best; put on your most imposing air ; keep your knees in, your toes out. Take the reins in your left hand : that’s it—but confound it, man, don’t hold the saddle with your right. Now for a trot up to them.” “ Aisy ! aisy ! Mr. Harcourt, the life will be jogged out of me. Go steady if you please. Hold him in and God bless you.” At this Harcourt stopped his horse aDd allowed Dowell to ride up to him. 44 You see we have followed you Miss Fitz gerald,” said Harcourt raising his hat in acknowledgement to the salute of a strikingly handsome girl w^o attended by the two gentlemen rode up. “ Allow me to introduce to you a particular friend, both of your brother and of Sir Henry Darner as well as my own—Mr. Michael Dowell—Miss Fitz gerald, Miss Cecilia Fitzgerald—Mr. Dowell. The young lady bowed ; the gentleman bowed also, anti muttered something that sounded like “ Aisy,” as his horse, whose flanks his heels inadvertently touched as he bent forward, pranced, performing a slight curvet. The lady’s companions stared at Harcourt, the one in anger: the other in surprise. However, he smilingly, signified to them to fall back with him into the rear and permit the newly introduced to improve their acquaintance with each other unembarassed by their presence. 44 In the name of all that’s extraordinary, Robert,” exclaimed Fitzgerald when out of Dowell’s hearing, 44 what do you mean by bringing this Connemara cattle jobber to introduce to my sister ?” 44 Now take the matter quietly George, and restrain your resentment. You know I could have done much worse. You ought to be thankful I did not do—what perhaps you will provoke me to after all—make him a rival of yours with Lady Alice.” This threat forced Fitzgerald, despite of himsell, to laugh. The three young men were now far behind, and soon in earnest conversation concerning the coining election. When Miss Fitzgerald and Mr. Dowell had ridden on for some moments alone, the young lady broke silence. “ I suppose you are fond of hunting, Mr.— Your name, sir, has slipped my memory.” “Michael Dowell, miss, at your service. No miss, I can’t say that I ride much myself, but whenever there is a hunt I go to a hill at the back of our house, and from the top of it I can see all the country round.” “ Oh, in that case, Mr. Dowell,” said the lady, conquering a strong disposition to laugh; “you have of course no occasion to ride, but you keep, I suppose, one or two hunters.” “ No miss, we keep none but farm horses. My uncle says it’s the devil’s own nonsense. I ask your pardon miss, for telling you so ; but he says it’s the mischief’s own mistake to have horses eating you out of house and home, when their price might be snug in the bank.” “ A ve~y wise and prudent saying, and p irhaps you are generally more agreeably occupied. I daresay you go a great deal into society while in Dublin, Mr. Dowell?” “ Well, no miss, I cannot say I do, as my uncle says, ‘Follow the dance and forsake the farm ; your land like your wife, demands all your attention.’ ” “ An excellent simile ; your uncle, I should imagine, must be a very clever person ?” “ Oh, there isn’t the likes of him anywhere in our part of the country. The congrega tion would follow him before any man, afther the priest. An’ as for the law, there come more to consult him than ’Torney O’Grady ; an’ you see he gives them his advice for nothing. I tell you how it was, miss, he came by all he knows. Well, thin, he was one time summoned as a witness to the Galway Assizes to give evidence concerning a dispute about a bit of a boy, and was kept there goin’ on three weeks before the case was called on for bearin’, and now mark what he does. In stead of goin’ from house to house drinkin’ and smokin’, and defamin’ the character of his neighbours like many of those who thought themselves his betters, what does he do ? He goes, and he sits in the courthouse day after day, and listens to the law. An’ more on betide he came home wid enough to do himself for the rest of his life, and be able as well to make a good remark on the story any one came to tell Jhim. Ah, but you should hear him givin’ an advice to a young woman goin’ to be married : ’tis then he’s in his element. ‘ My good gir,’ he says, ‘ remember you now are goin’ to take a very important step, attend to what I’m going to say to you : When you are married mind you don’t, like too many of your sort, be led away by the follies of the world. You must not think too much of dress, or be over fond of going to dances or wakes. The time for gala vanting is all passed now. Keep away from gossips, for when women come together to talk, ’tis the devil is their adviser. Don’t curse or swear, and be careful you never say or do anything to put your husband out of temper. You should humour him in his ways, and bear with him if he came home a little hearty now and then from a funeral or a fair. Bemember that you have taken him for better and for worse. Never keep him waitin’ for his dinner, for that delays him from his work. Let no cine at any time find you sitting at the lire witli your hands before you, as if you had nothing to do ; and above all things let no one lead you into the habit of tea-drinking. Go to Mass every Sunday, and twice a year to your duty. If you do this, the blessin’ of God will remain wid you till the hour of your death.” “Certainly, most sensible advice, and I hope they all follow it. But what does he say to the gentlemen, Mr. Dowell ?” Well, he tells them to be said by their wives m what s reasonable, and nevei to do anything of importance without acquaintin’ them first, to live honest and keep far away from the shebeen houses, for that many a good man was ruined by drink.” “ Mav I ask was your uncle ever married himself ?” “ No, miss, he never was given much to thinkin’ in that way, but tis he that often times gives me long discourses on what a! comfort it would be to him an my mother to see me well settled, for that then whenever God might call them they could close their eyes m peace. Myr mother too often tells me liow fond she would be of her daughter-in law ; but she should he a lady of quality, and she would let her do nothing all day but sit in the parlour and play the piano for she her self would manage all the rest.” “A delightful position surely the young lady would occupy. I trust you will not think the question rude, Mr. Dowell, if 1 may venture to ask—are your affections still your own.” Here the fair speaker threw towards her com panion a rather sly and timid glance—“may there be a person living so happy as to be destined by you for that truly blissful future ?” j Dowell turned slowly in his saddle and gazed at the fair questioner : being not very quick at comprehension it was some moments ere he could master the import of the words. He then began to recollect that from fdar court’s description of Miss Fitzgerald, he had always set her down in his own mind as one who would be likely to value what is plain and substantial, above the gay but evanescent. He considered it not unlikely therefore that his description of his honest uncle, his good mother, his Hal way home, might have awakened in the young lady an interest that would lead to the happiest result, so inwardly commending himself for his shrewdness in having singded her out as the object of his choice, and bestowing on her one of his most good-natured smiles, he replied “ Well, miss. I could hardly make so bold as to mention any name, I would rather leave it to the lady herself to say what she thinks of me aid mine, and how she would like to live in Galway.” “ Oh, that reminds me, I do not think you have described your house yet ?” (To he continued.') 