"SO-HO!" "SO-HO!" A proposition has been received by the Wangaratta and Oxley Coursing Clubs from that of Beechworth, proposing an amalgamation of the three clubs. Such a union is highly desirable, in the inte rests of good sport and good fellowship. We, however, entirely concur with the decision come to by both the clubs con sulted, to the effect that it is too late in the season to carry out the change. At the same time the action of the Beechworth club cannot be considered premature, as it is desirable that a new season should be inaugurated under the altered state of things. We would there fore beg to suggest, as the Wangaratta club has resolved that they were in favor of the proposal, although not at present, and as the Oxley club is evidently inclined to take the same course, that, at the next meetings of the clubs or at special meetings called for the purpose, a delegate be appointed by each with general instructions to confer upon the subject. They could then report, each to his own club, when winding up at the close of the season. We have no doubt a satisfactory amalgamation conld thus be brought about, and everything placed en train for opening the next campaign in a brilliant manner. The arguments in favor of such a coalition are so plain, although so numerous, that it would be a work of supererogation to recount them ; but amongst the foremost advantages likely to accrue is the extra, because concentrated, strength would be brought to bear on the preservation of hares. The matches of this season show conclusively that there has been no great increase of game since last autumn. This, considering how hares multiply in this colony, when they get anything like a fair chance, confirms what all suspect, and many of us know, that there is a considerable amount of poaching and " potting" going on in every direction. A united club, with all the principal land owners either members or enlisted in the cause, would nip these nefarious practices in the bud, thus ensuring to true sports men a fair day's amusement whenever they took the field. Above all things, the keeping of mongrel greyhounds should be discontinued. These memorable " lur chers," with the nose of a terrier, and some of the fleetness of the thoroughbred, never kill legitimately, but literally harass a hare to death. They are not capable of running into their quarry, but will follow a scent a whole day, murdering the poor wearied animal at last, besides disturbing and rendering wild all the hares on the country side. Even the gun, under present circumstan ces, is not fair. Where hares are plentiful, which they soon would be if left alone, then, indeed, a man may blaze away, even with advantage, in keeping the numbers within reasonable limits. In fact, we might make him a present of all the fur he can pepper in a day's walk with a breach-loader, a fan cartridge of unwired shot, but no shooting dog. Our bares are wild enough to give them a chance with a fair charge ; although we are told that some of the smooth bores of the present day, with -an ordinary load, will kilLat a hundred yards. We confess we never have come :across so murderous a weapon, and do not wish to. The best thing of the kind we ever remember was once coming home from the bog-shooting in Ireland, an unlucky hare was rolled 07er at seventy yards, measured, with snipe shot. It -was, of course, a fluke, and there may -have been many a stray shot among the " dust." Great, how ever, was the tribulation over that fated hare, as we were in a coursing county, the astonished assassin never meant it. In fact, shooting a hare there was consi dered as serious an offence as killing a fox. So great is the jealousy on this head in some parts at home, that a master of harriers will not hunt a coursing district, and vice versa. We shall never have game in plenty here .until a some what similar feeling is shown. In coursing also our general nnhlin havn a great deal to learn in keeping well aside, instead of in-front of the theaters.; in not overrunning -cr crowding the -judges and slipper, and -in low speaking. This last does not matter so much with (harriers, but, in coureing, once a hare is afoot, good-bye to her. Two .years ago, during a meeting at Benalla, we saw a, muff nearly walking over a close sitting hare on her "form." Instead of stepping back gently, and quietly "so&oing;" the .find to the judge and slipper, he set up an uneasthly howl, as if he had trod on a snake, and enough to wake the dead. In fact -had we not -se9n the hare going away we would have thought he had be6n bitten, or had become suddenly possessed by the d . Wo grieve to say we heartily wished him with that personage for the next two -hours, and had he, during that time, approached a lagoon or a bed of thistles we .could not .have answered for the consequences. If pussy had only turned round, sat up and looked at him, as they sometimes do — and she must have wanted to knew what kind of an animal was howling. so, and whether he really meant soup — had she done that, gracious ! how he would have cantered. "Why he would never have cried " Halt" till he had reached the .place where we wished him, or he would have been travelling still, like the Wandering Jew, Such contretemps spoil a lot of sport, and are by no means conducive to good iimper or productive of blessings, and yet are easily avoidable by better in struction. ©parsing is a magnificent sport, and deserves every encouragement. Nor is it, we are pleased to say, wanting in that in these districts — witness the establishment by Mr O'Maba, of Beech worth, of one of the best appointed ken nels in the colony. To those who iove tke excitement of the chase and mauly exercise this amusement shonld recom mend itself before all others. j ; - The Stage. — Lately a dramatic recital was given at the Literary Institute, Edin burgh,- by Mr Walter Dentley, the nom do. plumo for Walter Begg, a professional actor, and son of the Rev. Dr Begg, of Edinburgh, the rigid Presbyterian clergy man. Professor Blackie presided, and there was a large audfonce. A very dis tinguished company, including many pro minent citizens and several clergymen, supported the chairman on the platform. The reading was eminently successful, Mr Bentley particularly distinguishing him self in the celebrated recital " The Dream of Eugene Aram. " At the conclusion Mr Bentlej- addressed the audience on the subject of liis profession, and spoke most eloquently and effectively in its defence. Next to the church he maintained the stage was the greatest educational power, both moral and intellectual, in the coun try ; and it seemed to him the opinions of the majority of those who spoke against it were partly due to bigotry, but princi pally to ignorance. If there had been any decadence, he boldly charged the people with that decadence. If, he said, clergy men, instead of intolerantly preaching against the theatre, would go to it, give actors and managers their countenance and censorship, arid assist them in the work they were trying to do, they would be likely to do much more good. He concluded by proposing a vote of thanks to Professor Blackie, who liad presided. Professor Blackie, in acknowledging this compliment, said he had long had the honour of preaching the gospel, which Mr Bentley had just put forward. What right, lie asked, had clergymen to speak against the theatre when they never went to it 1 If actors retaliated, and never went to church, but ridiculed the prosy, dry sermons of the clergy, he should like to know whether they or the clergy in their conduct with reference to the theatre were saving most against the 13th chapter of 1st Corinthians. There was nothing more sad than the ecclesiastical dogmatism and bigotry that was shown in the way in which the theatre was spoken of ; and he was sorry to say that Scotland was the only country in which that narrowness could exist. Oxley Mems.— Our correspondent on Friday, 30th April, writes as follows : — The heavy rains which continued until Thursday morning, have prevented the continuing of ploughing and sowing. A change has set in, and duriug the whole of Tliursdajr, the 20th inst., a fine drying wind was blowing, and sunshine again made the plains, the hills, and the valleys to sparkle with bright and varied tint ; > a great relief, after the leaden hue which had so long covered them as with a funeral pall. Should the frost keep off, the rain which has fallen will be of great benefit, as moisture will be retained in the soil sufficient to stimulate the growth of the various crops committed to its bosom. The Oxley Farmers' Union had from its inception no great vitality, and during its various meetings since, few of those who enrolled themselves as members attended. The last meeting took place on Saturday, the 24th inst., when but seven members appeared. The president was absent, and Mr Charles Murdoch took the chair. After some routine business had been transacted, and the information of the minutes of last meeting liad taken place, the chairman stated that the meeting had been convened for the purpose of consider ing a circular from the Ararat Farmers' Union, which embodied a petition to Government to impose an additional duty on wheat, oats and maize. Six out of the seven present were in favor of an increased protective duty being levied; but after \- much discussion no action was taken in the matter, as the proposition liad been submitted to the Central Committee for thiir approval, and transmission to the Fanners' Unions through the appointed channel of communication. The chair man stated owing to the little interest taken by the members, and the non payment of their subscriptions, the funds in hand were not sufficient to meet the current expenses. He trusted that those members in arrears would at once forward their subscriptions to the treasurer, and relieve him from that unpleasant position in which he was placed by members not paying up their subscriptions. It was considered by those present that the at tempt to established a Farmers' Union at Oxley had been a failure, and the sooner its affairs were wound up the better for all concerned. In the opinion thus ex pressed I heartily concur. The unions, if properly worked would be beneficial in no small degree, both to agriculturists and graziers, and also to the commuuity at large. Used but to display crotchets aud voice signifying nought, they but impede progress, and bring the whole body of the unions into disiepute. If some vitality cannot be given to the meetings of the Oxley Union the sooner they cease the better. The weather is to-day (Friday) splendid, and has every appearance of having "-set fair." I trust that it may be so, as the farmers, and miners, and graziers have now liad a sufficent fall of rain for all their different associations. The Hons. T. Bent and R. Clark at Wangaratta. — Mr H. S. Parfitt, Mr Bickerton and Mr Tone, having ascer tained that the Hon. Mr Bent, Commis sioner of Public Works, and Mr Clark, Minister of Railways, would probably pass through Wangaratta on Tuesday night, met those gentlemen on the railway-station platform, and had ten minutes' conversa- tion with them. Mr Parfitt introduced the interminable Tarrawingee sludge- channel grievance, and asked Mr Bent if he would accompany him on a tour of in spection on the following day to see the ravages caused by the sludge. Mr Bent refused, unless Mr Parfitt could show him something he had not already seen. Mr Parfitt said he could shew him how much the farmers were now suffering after the recent heavy rains. Mr Bent again talked about trapping the sludge by means of dams. -It was pointed out that this method might partly have suited at first ; but it was now too late to think of it, as the channel had been partly-constructed. Mr Parfitt said the late Ministry had preuiised:Enotlier sum towards its comple- xion, ana xnat tne present commissioner was bound by the action of his predecessor in office. Mr Bent altogether denied this, anfi told Mr Parfitt very plainly that unless the cost of the channel was locally subsidised, the Government would do no mane than had been done. Mr Parfitt said She local shire- council .-and the rate payers were not in a position to give any assistance. And so -the matter rests, after floods of elsquence and columns of writing have (been spent on it. Mr Bickerton asked nf Mr Bent intended-to give a sum of mwaoy-for the feaeing in-of the bathing reserve. The Department had told the Borough Council that there was no money available for.-auch a purpose, but Mtr Bent had given his promise. Mr Bent ;aaad as lie had promised to give a sum of isoney for the purpose it should be.giyen, but he would be very cautious in pronrisi ntg for the future. Mr Tone tackled Mi r Bent about tlie( erection of a clock tower at the post-office', and Mr Bent said he 1 had no doubt that if proper representations were made the boon would be granted. The Hon. R. D, Reia accompanied the s local gentlemen on their mission. Clerical. — The Rev. Mr Scott, C imireh of England minister at Benalla, is to be succeeded by the Rev JE. Rodda, for merly curate to Archdeacon Tucker, and . who afterwards was appointed to Bright where the reverend gentleman at present offi ciates. Scarlet Fever. — In reference to the I recent cases of scarlet fever reported in Beechworth during the past week, the fol lowing is a copy of the report submitted by Dr O'Brien to the chairman of the Local Board of Health : — " Sir, I have the honor to inform you in connection with the two cases of scarlet fever reported to the board, that careful enquiries have been instituted on all points as to the origin of the outbreak, and precautions adopted to prevent its increase. The cases that came under my observation occurred in children of six and three years, respectively — the disease taking a mild form in each instance. As to its origin, no cause can at present be assigned. After the most careful enquiry, neither the children attacked or any other member of the family, so far as i3 known, have had communication directly or in directly with any person showing the symptoms of scarlet fever. From the very outset of the illness, the relatives of the patients have been most praiseworthy in their efforts to prevent the disease from attacking others, carrying out fully the directions given in such cases, allowing only those into the sick apartment neces sary for the wants of the invalids, restrict ing, as far as possible, the personal inter course of neighbours, by cleanliness in clothing and surroundings, free ventila tion, the use of disinfectants, and fumi gation. In company with the local inspector (Mr Jeffs) I visited the house on the 28th inst., and together we examined the building, yard, and a small garden attached. Nothing called for any protest. In the yard there was no accumulation of refuse matter. A pig-sty, not at present in use, was clean, and the earth closets inoffensive. There did not seem to us, liovever. any system of drainage beyond that naturally supplied by the situation of the house. In order to prevent, as far as lay in my power, any source of contami nation from the earth closets and pig sty, directed the inspector to have these places disinfected as thoroughly as was possible, by the habitual use of chloride of lime. I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, J. A. O'Brien. April 29th, 18S0. The "Weather. — During tbe last fort night there has been an almost continual downpour of rain, not only in this district, but throughout the entire colony. In many districts ploughing had to be sus pended owing to the boggy state of the ground ; but this chiefly occurs in low- lying countries. What may be termed the inland rivers, such as the Campaspe and Goulbum are already flooded ; and we may shortly expect to hear of a great rise in the Murray. The weather during the week may be considered cool, as the fol lowing register will show, as taken at the District Survey Office .-—Monday, Glmax., 44 miu. ; Tuesday, 51 max., 47 min. ; Wednesday, 57 max., 4S min. ; Thursday, 5S max., 45 min. ; Friday, 58 max., 41 min. The total rainfall for the week is 1.18 inches ; and for the month, 7. SI inches. Diphtheria. — Our Benalla correspon dent records with regret that this fell disease has made its appearance in the Benalla district. On Wednesday last the first case of this complaint came under notice, the patient being the daughter of Mr Teltham, of Goorambat, farmer, aged nearly five years. Dr Nicholson had charge of the case ; but did not succeed in staymg the case, the girl died on Wednes day night. Another case was reported on Friday. An infant child of Mr Owen Trainor, farmer, of Devenish, has been attacked with the disease, and was yester day in Benalla to see the medical atten dant. Enquiries are being made as to what steps the Benalla Local Board of Health are taking to prevent the spread of the disease. Iti3 to be hoped that vigorous measures will be adopted to prevent its spread. The death-rate in this district already shows a large increase of the preceding quarter. We notice by our exchanges that Mr Gorman, the Hamilton station-master, and at one time stationed at Euroa, succumbed to an attack of diphtheria at Hamilton at half-past five o'clock on Wednesday evening. Beef. — We have been requested to call attention to the prime beef now exhibited in the shop of Mr R. J. Mitchell, butcher, Ford-street, Beechworth. Housewives would do well to pay Mr Mitchell a visit. Fatal Accident at Chiltern. — News was received in Beechworth on Thursday evening that a lad named William Evans French, 19 years of age, while engaged working in the Golden Bar claim, (near Chiltern, had been accidentally killed by a quantity of earth falling upon him. A magisterial enquiry was held on Friday, when a verdict was returned that the deceased was accidentally killed. The Wooragee Fire. — The inquest on the fire that occurred at Mr C. Thornton's premises at Wooragee on the night of the 28th March was held at the Court-house, Beechworth, on Thursday last, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M. Over 20 witnesses were called for the insurance company interested, and after a patient investigation the jury came to the conclusion that there was not sufficient evidence to show how the fire originated. Taking into conside ration the fires that have occurred in the neighborhood of Beechworth during the last few weeks, the Southern Insurance Company are to be congratulated in causing the recent investigation. Insu rance companies are very good in their waj , but when they are imposed upon (or apparently so) it is quite time that steps should be taken to make a thorough enquiry ; and although nothing transpired in the recent case to sheet home in cendiarism to any person, still there are some suspicious facts relating to the same. And as the farmers in this district are growing more grain year by year, their interests should be protected as well as those of the insurance companies ; and if any suspected cases of arson arise the latter should institute strict investigations. A report of the proceedings on Thursday will be found in another column. Anti- Harsioniums. — The Presbyterians at Camperdown are at variance about having an harmonium in their church, and the Ballarat correspondent of the "Camperdown Choniele" writing on the subject says " That serious difficulty in your Presbytery over the harmonium business is a study for either the very board or dilletante schools of theology, and the perfervidum of the conservatism of the anti-hannoniumists has a real taste of the heather and Auld Lang Syne about it. As a heretic and southerner, I could not pos sibly have been a member of Presbytery, not even a lay one, else I should have sub mitted by compromise, the introduction of the bagpipes, and the postponement of the harmonium till a more convenient or more Laodicean season. For I take it that the antipathy to the more modern instrument is partly national and partly theological, partly sentimental and partly pious, the glorious history of auld Scotia having as much to do with the antis as the principles of religiGUS ooriviction .-and worship. It would ' be a pit y that so earnest and honest, and withal so sensible a dissident as Mr Walls, should really adhere to his decision to retire from his church offices. So thorough a man should be worth striving to win over to the side of the old royal Jew, who said, "Upon the harp, will I praise Thee, 0 God, my God." That is, if David's God and Mr Wall's are I the same." j Beechworth Police Court. — On 'Thursday, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., the following debt cases were called on; and on the application of plaintiff the summonses were extended for a week : — Alex. Robinson v Christian Haeffner : Claim lis fid. Same v Giatano Pasforelli : Claim £5 43 3d. Alex. Robinson also sued Ah Tong for the sum of £3 9s lOd, goodsfsold and delivered. An order was made for the amount, with 2s fid costs. The court' then adjourned. Albury Railway Station. — Wo are in formed that Messrs Stevens and Kyle, of Beechworth, are the successful tenderers for the erection of the railway- statfon at Albury in connection with the Southern Railway from Sydney. The amount is about £15,000. Accident to Mr James Feely. — We are sorry to have to record an accident that occurred to Mr Jas. Feely, of the Black Springs, on Monday last. He was riding a young horse,, and as he was in the act of taking his pipe out of his pocket the animal suddenly swerved, and Mr Feely was thrown. Dr O'Brien was sent for, and on that gentleman making an exam ination of the sufferer, found his ancle and leg severely bruised. On enquiry late on Friday evening we were glad to hear that Air Feely was progressing fa vorably. The Broken Creek Water Scheme. — The tender of J. M'Ginty, for excavating at Broken Creek, at lid per yard, was on Thursday accepted by the Public Works Department. . Beechworth Literary and Debating Association. — On Thursday evening last, the usual fortnightly open meeting of members of this association was held in the Town Hall, Mr Tnthill (the president) occupying the chair. Mr E. N. Moore read a paper against the abolition of capital punishment. Mr R. Perry took the opposite side of the question. This was especially considered a niglit for the junior members of the association, and Messrs F. and O. Brett, Whitehead, Gray and T. Moore took part in the discussion. Tenders. — The Chiltern Quartz Pro specting Company notify elsewhere in this issue that they are prepared to receive tenders for sinking a shaft at the Bobbie Burns Reef ; also for supplying a quantity of sawn timber. Teamsters. — Tenders are mvited in our advertising columns for the removal of two engines and sundries from Wo- donga to Betlianga. Parties wishing to tender can obtain all information from Permewan, Wright and Co. , Wodonga. Wesleyan Church, Beechworth. — To-morrow (Sunday), the Rev Ralph Brown will preach the aniversary sermons on behalf of the trust funds. The rev. gentleman is well known in Melbourne and the provinces as a popular preacher, and it may therefore be expected that large congregations will be present. He is well known among the Wesleyan deno mination, and on a recent occasion at Ballarat, when he was stationed there, he made an assertion, previous to making a speech at a public meeting, that lie was determined to wipe out the debt of £-300 owing to the mortgages of the church. His efforts were successful, aud when an energetic man like Mr Brown comes amongst us, we feel sure that he will meet with a hearty reception. On Monday evening, at the Oddfellows' Hall, he will lecture on " Heads and Faces and con sidering the popularity that this lecture has achieved in the metropolitan districts, the residents of Beechworth will be afforded a treat by being present on the occasion. Wangaratta Water Supply. — A depu tation, consisting of the Hon. R. D. Reid, M.L.C., and Mr George Sharpe, M.L.A., asked the Commissioner of Railways that the charge for water supply by the depart ment might be reduced to a similar rate to that charged to Ecliuca, viz., seven- pence per 1000 gallons ; Wangaratta was now paying 10c! per 1000 gallons. Mr Gillies said there was a vast difference in the consumption at the two places ; and as there 'was a loss at both Ecliuca aud Wan garatta now, he could not see his way to make any reduction in the present rates. We wonder if Mr Gillies represented Wangaratta, instead of Ecliuca, would the reduction be made. Myrtleford Mejis. — Our correspondent writes: — On Monday, the 26th ult., at the Myrtleford Police Court, before Messrs M. O'Donnell, Woodside and Matliieson, J.P.'s, the following cases were heard : — Police v Wood : Breach of Abattoirs Statute, not keeping a book in which to register the brands of cattle slaughtered. The police-constable prosecuting asked for an adjournment to the 21st of May, when the police magistrate would be oil the Bench, as he could not get liis witnesses before that day. The Bench adjourned the case until the 21st inst. Hughes v Carroll : Ciaim £9 18s 5d, goods sold and delivered. No appearance of defendant. Order for amount, with 2s fid costs ; in default distress. There were no appli cations, and the court adjourned. The Hon. J. A. Wallace having purchased the engine and plant belonging to the Tubal Cain, Reef let the contract for their removal to Betlianga to Mr Nihil. On Monday he proceeded with a team of 20 bullocks in first-class order, and the under frame work of one of the strongest waggons ever seen in this district, to commence the removal of the boiler, which alone weighs some nine tons. The heavy rains which fell for some days has added to the difficulties to be encountered, but the experience and energy of Mr Nihil are guarantees that the work, however onerous, will be carried out. It is the opinion of many miners that auriferous and payable reefs are numerous in the neighborhood of the Tubal Cain ; and regret is expressed that capitalists have riot sufficiently tested the hills adjoining this reef. The expense of getting up the engine and plant was great, and it is considered a pity to see them removed. Mr Wallace is so energetic a pioneer of the district, that all here wish him success in his Betlianga speculations. The weather continued showery until Wednesday night, when, after a heavy shower, the clouds cleared away'; and Thursday has been a fine drying day. The creeks and rivers are fast falling. During the heaviest portion of the flood rabbits were driven It-cm their burrows, and a great slaughter took place. Men and boys entered heartily into the sport, and the dogs got weary of the killing. Hares are becoming pleulifnl about Myrtleford, Barwidgee and Happy Valley ; and I hope that a Myrtleford and Bright Coursing Club may be established. Paper Collars. — The medical officers of the Coblenz police lately had occasion to analyse a number of' paper collars and cuffs— ra kmd of haberdashery which since its introduction from America has been increasingly adopted among the humbler classes of the population of Geimany. The particular articles which were sub mitted to chemical tests on the occasion referred to were manufactured by ' a firm at Leipsic, where the production of goods of this description has become a flourish ing branch of industry. The result of the investigation at Coblenz has been to show that paper collars, etc., as now manufac tured, contain a strong admixture of ar senic, -which, in certain. circumstances, is highly dangerous to the weavers. — " The Times.'" — — — — — moBS-tammm mmm a— mmm wi i vj Melbourne Grain and Produce Mar ket. — Messrs Win. Adamson and Go. re- -> " port, for the week ending April 28 : — Breadstuff's. — We have to report an in creased dulness in our market for wheat, especially for export ; the absence of vessels loading, and the intelligence from London has caused quite a stagnation to rule here. We submitted and sold several lots by auction to-day, and obtained for good, 43 3d ; medium, 4s ; inferior from 3s to 3s 9d. 4s 44d was offered for a line of <500 bags prime Wimmera, and declined. Flour of the best known brands is selling at £9 7s fid to £10, net cash, ex store. Oats. — Supplies to hand continue large, and far in excess of requirements. We" sold good heavy at 2s 4|d ; medium feed at 2s 2d ; inferior light, at 2s. Cape barley realized 2s 3 id ; peas, 2s 3d to 2s 5id. English barloy is inquired for, and com mands 5s 4d for a prime clear bright plump sample. Maize remains at 33 Id ; bran at 10 Id- ; pollard at Is. Grass Seeds. — We have disposed of rye grass at 4s ; cocks foot at 4d ; lucerne at fiid ; the demand, however, is limited, and stocks are heavy. Dairy Produce — Cheese. — We have sold large quantities of prime; at fid to 6|d ; good, at 5d to 6d ; medium, at'4d to 5d ; inferior, at 3d to 4d. Although the sup plies are large, the demand is on the in crease, and is brisk. Potted Butter. — The primest lines to hand sold at 7id ; good, 6 Id ; medium, at 5d to fid. . The large supply of fresh to hand keeps the price of potted down. We look for better prices during the next few weeks. Fresh Butter. . — A firmer tone prevailed throughout our sale to-day, the best known dairies in good condition, sold at Sd to 9d ; good, 7 d to 7-fd ; medium, at fid to 6Id ; inferior was dull of sale at low rates. Eggs are scarce, " and we sold them at Is 9cl to 2s Id, ac cording to size and freshness. Honey. — We have cleared our stock of garden, at 4|d to 5d ; bush, at 3d. ATpiT.RniTRJCT Wnnr. -Cm AT auttpt Messrs R. Goldsbrough and Co. report : — Wool. — We held a small auction to- day, and sold 43G bales of all sorts, at highly satisfactory prices. In consequence of the favourable telegrams daily received from London respecting the sales now pro gressing there, the tone of our market is very firm, and there is an active enquiry for all descriptions. Sheepskins. — We report a firm market, and sold a full supply during the week to the local fellmongers. Skins 'are now well fleeced, and command advancing rates. We quote : — Butchers' green skins, up to 4s fid each ; do dry do, 4s each ; dry skins, at per lb, 3d to fiid. Hides. — The tone of this market is some what firmer than when last reported, and all classes of hides find a brisk business at quotations. Care should be taken that country lots be well salted, and offiil, &c.; , removed before consignment is made. We quote : — Ox-hides, average sizes, from 15s to 25s fid each ; cow-hides, do, from 2|d to 2£d per lb ; Victorian-salted, large, up to 4 yd per lb; medium, from 3£d to 3fd per lb ; small and inferior, from 2d to 3d per lb ; New Zealand lieavies, from 4d to 4gd per lb. Kangaroo Skins. — Large sound fresh kangaroo skins find a market at from- . 7 d to lid per lb ; small and inferior are neglected at from 3d to 7dperlb. Well- furred opossum skins find a steady market at from 3s to 5s per dozen. Tallow. — Notwithstanding the depressed state of the home markets, our sale held yesterday was well attended by the local trade, and brisk competition prevailed for local use, at prices showing advance on late rates. Business for shipment is restricted, and quotations are unchanged. We quote : — Prime mutton, for shipment, up to £2S per ton, f.o.b. ; average do, local use, from £25 10s to £27 per ton ; do beef do £24 10s to £2G per ton ; mixed, £21 to £25 per ton ; inferior £17 to £21 per ton. A Successful Family. — Advices re-, ceived recently from New York report the death of Mr Stewart Brown, of the great banking-house of Messrs. Brown, Brother, and Co. , of the city. About 1793 Alexander Brown, a linen-merchant, went to the United States, and settled in Baltimore, where he established a linen-house. As his sons became of age tliey were taken into their father's business, and the firm was changed to Alexander Brown and Sons. In order to extend their business, branch houses were established. William Brown, the eldest son, went to Liverpool in 1809, and attained great success there. Soon afterwards the next two sons, George and John, established houses in Philadelphia and Boston. James, who died in Novem ber, 1877, went to New York to establish the present house in the city. Although at first the linen business was continued, the intention from the start was to change it to the present system of banking. This occurred about 1827. From the time the house was established it has been one of the most prominent firms in New York. Dur ing the panic of 1S37 the firm held Ame rican bills for a very large amount. This amount included £800,000 of protested paper, and engagements were to be met in England amounting to nearly 10,000,000 dollars. The resources of the firm were largely invested in American securities which were not available at that time. This rendered it almost impossible to draw bills or remit specie to England while a panic prevailed in Europe as well as in the United States. At this crisis the English branch of the firm succeeded in securing a loan from the Bank of England sufficient to meet all engagements in the United States. Securities to the amount of 25,000,000 dolars were deposited. In six months the sum was returned to the Bank of England. Mr Sergeant Sleigh. — Mr Serjeant Sleigh was elected on Saturday last as the representative for Deloraine in the Tas- manian House of Assembly by a majority; of IS over Mr Shorey, the other candi-. date. The Great Mortality Among Sheep. " — The ravages of what is commonly known as "rot" or "bane" are (says the " Wool Trade Review' ) assuming most appalling proportions in the Midland and Western counties, in consequence, it is generally supposed, of the excessive and long- con tinued wet weather last year. A parasite is generated in the liver which multiplies to enormous numbers, causing the liver to swell and become hard, and the sheep consequently to pine away and die, with the appearance of having all its blood con sumed by the " flukes' as they are termed. Tens of thousands of sheep, principally ewes, are dead and dying. Ia some pa rishes in Gloucester, Oxon, and Warwick thereare, comparatively speaking, very few sheep left, and in Somerset there are only 5000 left in one district, which usually winters 50,0001 Hundreds, if not thou sands, of sheep have been sold oft" in the Bristol district at from 33. 6d. to 10s. a head; and we hear the same report from other centres in the West and in the Mid lands. This is becoming a matter for the serious consideration of the wool staplers. The inspectors of the Wolverhampton municipal authorities, acting under the instructions of the medical officer, recently seized upon the premises of butchers in the Market-hall and elsewhere, the car casses of sheep which were unsound hav ing been afiected by the "rot." On Satur day several butchers were charged with haying exposed for sale mutton thus unfit for food, and fines varying from £5 and costs to 40s. and costs were imposed. Duririo- the heaving of the cases the bench said that the sheep were now being sold for as little as 3s. fid. to 4s. and 4s. fid. per head ; and the solicitor for the defence said that he was assured by a veterinary surgeon that at least two-thirds of the lambing ewes might he expected to suc cumb to the " rot" this year. j. Sharp Voice. — There is no power of low so hard to get and keep as a kind oie. A kind . hand is deaf and dumb. It nay be rough in flesh and blood, yet do lie work of a soft heart, and do it with a ( $of touch. But there is no one thing J iha love so much needs as a sweet voice to til what it means and feels ; and it is liar< to get and keep it in the right tone. Ond ifiust start in youth, and be on the vratfi night and day, at work and play, to got keep a voice that shall speak at all limj; the thoughts of a kind heart. But ; thiais the time when a sharp voice is most apt b be got. You often hear boys and girl? say words at play with a quick, sharp lone as if it were the snap of a whip. Who one of them gets vexed, you will hear: voice that sounds as if it were made ap 0 a snarl, a whine and a bark. It is ofe: " mirth that one gets a voice or a ione-ha-" is sharn. and sticks to him ihro'gh lifej and stirs up ill-will and grief, and ills like a drop of gall on the sweet joys >f home. I would say to all boys and giris use your guest voice at home. \\\ ata it day by day, as a pearl of great price for it will , be worth more to you ihauhe best pearl hid in the sea. A kind voiceis a joy like a lark's song to a hearth ; snd ome. It is to the heart what light f is to he eye. It is a light that sings as < well is shines. Train it to sweet ones now, nd it will keep in tune through life. " ; -Eli-u Burriti. Al:ury Quarter. Sessions.— His Honoir Judge Forbes will open this Court on 3hnday next, the 3rd prox. , at 10 a. 111. whecdie criminal business will be pro ceeds with. There is at present only one case_br trial — John Hall, committed by the (hrmantowii bench for passing value less cieques. TheDistrict Court will sit on Tuesdiy, the 4th May. and for this there are as.isual a number of cases for trial. We hire determined to abstain in future puhlsling the list of civil causes, and this for seterai reasons. Chiefly because we are n«i awase oi anj- public benefit to be de- ; rived worn the practice of blazoning forth ; in the yorld. the private differences between intending- litigants before they are brought into Cairt for adjudication. We may add, parentletically and pathetically, it is bad enough to have to report them even then. Oihoi reasons are that the list frequently requires emendation snd correction up to the last moment of going to press ; that it oiten occupies an amount of space quite disproportionate to the interests the mat- i-i q'uuuub : ana mat, nowever careiuliy iiie list :s prepared, a risk being run of errors being made, it is more satisfactory to withhold publication of the cases until they are decided 011 in Court. — "Border | Post." Disitonestv Extraordinary. — For rank : bi'iriant public dishonesty (observes :he "New York Tribune") semi-tropical Lmisiara carries off the palm. The State las twice scaled down her debt, and now he city of New Orleans proposes to get id of hers altogether by a trick of legisla- 1011 and municipal division. A bill is wilding in the Legislature for repealing he charter of the city and placing its li'ects in the hands of commissioners, who ire u> sen tnem out to the highest bidder ad distribute the money among the credi- ors. Then the city is to be divided into luce municipal districts, number one, «o. ana three, in order to escape process roni the United States Court in suits of reditors holding her bonds. As there -onld be 110 mayor or corporation of the .ity or New Orleans upon whom the larshal could serve a writ or mandamus, .2 would have to return such documents 1 . GJU1T with the endorsement "not .land. Practically, the city would abs- iad. leaving for her creditors, only tlie ity hall, police stations, and a few other :eces of nonportable property. The or- .inality of the scheme is only equalled by 5 rascality. A Highland Ghost Stoty. — Mrs Grant, :Laggan, records the following incident 1 the authority of the minister who rs- ted it to her. He was accustomed, she norms us, 'to go and meditate at even ; id this solitary walk he always directed to 3 churchyard, which was situated in a .aded spot on the banks of a river. There ia a dusky October evening, he took his lilted path, and lingered, leaning on the iurchyard wall, till it became twilight, hen he saw two small lights rise from a lot witnin, where there was 110 stone nor tentorial of any kind. He observed tlie mrse these lights took, and saw them ross the river and stop at an opposite milet. Presently they returned, accom- mied by a larger light, which moved 011 stween them till they arrived at the place :oni which the first two set out, when all ii'ee seemed to sink in to the earth together, he good man went into the churchyard id threw a few stone3 where the liirhts -st disappeared. Next morning he walked it early, called for the sexton, and lowed him the place, asking him if he smembered who was buried there. The lan said that, many years ago, he re- lembered bu lying in that spot two youna aildi'c-n. belonging t< a blscksmith on the pposite side of the river, who was now a Iiir old man. The pastor returned, and as scarce sat down to breakfast, when a lessage came to hurry him to come over 3 pray with the smith, who had been Uddenly taken ill, and died next day." "The Leisure Hour." If is of Vital importance tliat the pople should be made acquainted with the let there have been placed upon tlie larker iiery compounds of a most per- feious nature, imported and domestic, re- iresented by their unscrupulous venders to he same as or "better than" one of the aost salutary and agreeable medicinal leverages in existence, to wit, Udolylio lolfes Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. Civil Servants. — The following notice 0 officers in the Civil Service, ancl to iSrsons employed in the public service, -?Pe;o's in Friday's "Government Ga- : — "Any officer becoming insolvent « compounding with his creditors will not permitted to continue in the perform ance of his duties, but will forfeit his office, and his re-instatement will be a matter for consideration under tlie 31st Kction. The same rule will be observe ! a regard to all persons employed during pleasure in the public service, to whom the provisions of the Civil Service Act do not comply. Disraeli's Ancestors. — Tlie family legend given by Lord Beaconsfield in the preface to his father's works is (the "Jew ish AVorld" declares) all wrong. The iamily name was not Lara, nor did the Pre- ?er'3 yaadfather assume the name of Disraeli, " never borne before," when fly ing from the Spanish Inquisition. The f tame Lara really belonged in a wav to the irst wite of Benjamin Disraeli, grand father or Lord Beaconsfield, from whom he 13 not descended. She was the daughter of Gaspar Mendes Furtado, a Portuguese lew, whose wife, Abigail, was a Lara and had had placed on her tombstone, in the Mile End Road, the following inscription, wliieli. doubtless, suggested the legend : —"The sepulchre of Abigail, widow of . Gaspar Mendes Furtado, of Portugal, who after suffering the tortures of the Inqui- j sition, fled for protection to England with i her children, since named Rachel, Rebecca, Judith. Abraham, Ishac, and Jacob, whom she educated in the Jewish faith andestab- -lshed well in marriage, where, having survived her beloved daughter Rachel 3he W'as called to rest Friday night, Septem- IW ljr.h, 1764, aged 65." The Rebecca mentioned married, as is shown by ann- 'her tombstone, Benjamin D'Israele, and dfficl, leaving only one daughter, "Rachel, yn.i was not related to the Premier. He descended from Benjamin's second wife. 