EPITOME OFGENERAL INTELLI- i ? I GENCE. ' j ?The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Kaiser-i-Hind ; has beep fitted up with the necessary apparatus for convey ing frozen meat from Australia to Eng land. I ? ! - ! ~ ? A., difficajhP-bas arisen between China ' arid Cuba thbough the action of the autho rities at the latter place in anesting the secretary to j five 'Chinese Consulate at ^ ? Havannah. China demands reparation. The Prince'; oC Wales! has sent n tele grain to Sir Herbert Sandford, Stating that he is rnuph gratified at the Bnccess ful opening ; of the Exhibition,! and the completeness! of the British court. _ Mr. Walker, a director of the Bank of New -Bonth ' Wales, lias forwarded the ' ? ; Keening Xeics a -cheque for A20 towards the expenses of the recent contempt of Court case.. ?' j ' i ? - * :Dr. Tanner'^ wife now declares that her hnBband's fast for .40 days!' was a \- fi-aud, and a bet'bf a £1000 is offered in England that he cannot repeat the fast under strict watch. The match beitween W. Trickettand ' , Bosh is arranged to take place at Parra ' matta. River in five week's time. Australia with her two and a.half millions ' of inhabibinfs, pays as much in salaries to her Cabinet Ministers as is paid by Britain to her Ministers for rnling forty five millions of people and all the oflf . shoots. ' - J j The, quantity jof wheat afioatforthe United' Kingdom is 1!, 350, 000 quavers. All the persons- who were arrested for having 'participated in the .recent iriots that took place in Glasgow, at the meet ? . ing held to Bympathisp with.Ireland, have been released. i 1 . j On the night pf the 1st of June the ' Queen of Siam and her favourite child were on their way ! up the River Manau ' to join the King- at his summer palace, . ? at Bang-Pa-In. They were in ,what is known here; as a picnic boat, .and went ' prosperously on their voyage, i when they were run down by a steam launch. The picnic- boat was overturned and sank, and the Queen, her. child, and ; nearly every person oh board were drowned, i The ; Duke of Manchester does not 'at- tempt to coifeeal the feet that bis inco'mo is only!£20,000 ^er annum, and that it is not sufficient to maintain the responsibil ities of an English Duke in England, lit is whispered that Ke is not unlikely |to be Marquis of Normanby's successor as Governor of Victoria,' and that he lias i x . come out on a prosiVectingexpedi'tion..'| ? Tlie ' Maideione Journal says i that Jesuits : recently expelled from France htve purchased Halex Place near Canter bury, for many years the residence of . *Mis* Barbara ; F6licii£ Hales,. a Roman , Catholic lady. The I sum paid! for the mansion; together with' fiftylpeven acres , of land, was £24,000,! and bit is intended . to have a Jesuit College on.tlie estate for 150 pujffls. .!?.-? | i - ! . Tea contains Itannic acid, which com-. 1 ines with milk,; and forms leather. And ' now we know what makes old maids so! tough. * ' j i A Catalogue of Presents.— The, Photo i. graphic Newt states that Her Majesty, is ' ' ' preparing', with lier own hands a descrip tive catalogue of the I numerous! inter esting presents that tiuve passed . into her hands since she ascended the throne, ? ' It is to be .illustrated by pliotogrupliy, and as every gift, great j or small,; is -to bs represented by this means, the! work will prove pstjieularly attractive. ! Vfithtn the last fifty: years ten million emigrants Have landed ou the American shores. ! .; . A turnout weighing forty-two pounds was i-ecently token from a yonng female patient. in St. Vincent's Hospital. The young woman is now quite 'well. The man who originally purchased the Melbourne racecourse is now a shearer at Riverina.i The death is anonnced of Sir William Lih tori , ' K. C.B.!, M. D., one of the Iionor arv physicians to the Queen; ; English', skylarks are numerous now, and can be heard warbling, sweetly a bout the. Randwick racecourse. . An admirable cure for Prince Bism arck's disease — sleeplessness] : A generous man would go to a spiri-' tual seance given by a lady medium, and, as the ghost is walking about, while the medium. is tied in the - cabinet, ex claim,' There's a rat by the ghost!' It ispoil8 the effect to have the ghost yell and gather up. its skirts and run. j Modern Progress. — Two centuries ago not one in a hundred wore stockings. Fifty years ago not a boy in a thousand was' allowed to -'run at large at night. Fifty years ago not a girl in a thousand made a' waiting-maid of her mother. Wonderful improvements in this age. . Tight boots and an accusing conscience are about equal in their ability to make aiman uncomfortable. Unhappy Man. — Distinguished Amerp can, travelling in Russia — ' Here's a nice fix I'm in — invited to dine with the ;Czar, and no insurance on my life.' j When-yon see a man take off his hat toyou it is a sign that he respects you; but when ho is soen divesting himself of his coat yon can make up your mind that he interdsyou shall respect him. ; ' I shall find another channel for my article.' wrote the author of a rejected contribution. ? ' That's right,' was the. answer of the courteous country editor, ' the British Channel would be an ex cellent place for it.' ; At Bowen Downs 109, 000 sheep 'were this season washed and Bliorn in ail weeks and two Hays, producing over 800 bales of wool, which lelt the Shed as it was dumped, thus avoiding any storing. A man sued a woman for breach of promise of marriage recently in Ade laide: The lady married a cabinet maker a day or two before her marriage was tio come off] Damages £20. 