THE AFFAIR OF HOPKINS, GILKES, AND CO. Mr. West-Erskine is to be commended For having initiated a debate on Tuesday afternoon in reference to the disgraceful swindle perpetrated bv Hopkins. Gilkes, & Co. We still think it is a great mistake that the whole of the correspondence has not been published. It may be quite true that sufficient has been included in the Parliamentary paper to place the chief facts clearly before the public; but in a matter of such importance it is far better that there should be no room for the supposition that anything material to the issue has been concealed. It appears to us that Mr. West-Erskine was somewhat unfortunate in some of his remarks. The hon. gentleman is apt to speak with considerable warmth, and, we suppose, does not always weigh the exact force of the words which he uses. Some of his observations seemed to imply that the Agent-General was at one time in collusion with Hopkins, Gilkes, & Co. We do not suppose this was intended, and hence it is to be regretted that any words should be used which seem to in sinuate as much. The fact unquestionably is, as the sequel proves, that the Agent General displayed a lamentable want of judgment; and that his suspicions were not sooner aroused as to the nature of the gross swindle which waa being perpetrated does more credit to his heart than to his head. Of course, we admit that there are several circumstances which should be taken into account in forming a judgment upon the action .of Sir A. Blyth. The firm of Hopkins, Gilkes, & Co. occupied a very high position at that time. Mr. Dempsey, the Consulting Engineer to the Government, was also regarded as a man who could be in all respects trusted. The fact that the first communication received by the Agent - General was anonymous would also naturally lead him to discredit the very- startling information which it contained. Nevertheless, making all allowance for these facts, and for the different impression they would produce before the whole of the cir cumstances came to light from that which they are likely to produce upon one reading them now with the full knowledge of all which has since tran spired, we are constrained to say that it is impossible to acquit the Agent-General of having displayed a less sound judgment than might have been expected of him. We are glad to learn from the remarks made by the Treasurer that the reason why criminal proceedings were not instituted against Hopkins, Gilkes, & Co. was that the Government were advised there would be little hope of obtaining a conviction against a Limited Liability Company. Of course we are bound to accept the opinion on this point of the most eminent legal authorities in England as being correct. If, however, such is the fact, it reveals the existence of a very startling state of things. If there is any truth in the statements sworn to by Richards, fraud was carried on in a most systematic manner in the yards of Messrs. Hopkins, Gilkes, & Co. Those who were parties to these frauds must have acted under express directions from the heads of the establishment, and it certainly seems strange that the latter cannot be brought to book for their disgraceful conduct, more particularly as it appears from the correspondence that similar frauds are by no means an un common thing in the iron trade. If only for the sake of having all the facts made public it appears to us that money would have been well spent in endeavouring to bring some of the guilty parties to justice. We are by no means inclined to take a Quixotic view of the duties of a Government, but we do think that even a Government cannot altogether deny the moral obligations resting upon them. It is an injury to society generally that the perpetrators of the Hopkins, Gilkes, and Co. swindle should escape without the punishment they deserve, nor if the Government could have aided in at least thoroughly exposing the frauds they would have done a good thing. From the statement made by the Commissioner of Public Works it appears that after the Government had a full knowledge of the cir cumstances they lost no time in endeavouring to ascertain the extent of the mischief which had been done, and to obtain compensation for the loss sustained by inferior rail being palmed upon the colony. Although the country has suffered considerable loss by the transaction, it is satis factory to know that matters are no worse. The best use which can now be made of the affairs is to profit by it in future dealings with English firms. It is evident that Colonial Governments are considered fair game by some of the manufacturers of England, and that in employing consulting engineers even of high standing like Mr. Dempsey the Government may be trusting to a broken reed. Of course, it is absurd to sup pose that the Agent-General can personally supervise all the multifarious transactions undertaken by him on behalf of the Government ; but it is incumbent upon him to make strict enquiry, so as to satisfy himself that those entrusted with the duty of watching and protecting the interests of the country do not neglect the work imposed upon them. Happily the fraud perpetrated by Hopkins, Gilkes, and Co. was discovered in time to prevent any loss of life, such as occurred in connection with the Tay Bridge ; but it is not difficult to con jecture the serious disasters which might have taken place if early discovery had not been made of the worthless nature of the material which was sent out to the colony. The Licensed Victuallers Bill and Mr. Fisher.— Since Mr. Fisher is dissatisfied with the apology which we tendered in yesterday's Register for what we thought from representations which had been made to us might have been an unin- tentional misrepresentation on our part, we withdraw the apology altogether. That gentleman objects to the form in which our remarks were cast. We said, "We can only say if we have done Mr. Fisher an injustice we have done it unintentionally, and we regret the mistake should have occurred." Mr. Fisher maintains "there is no 'if' about it," and we agree with him, though we come to this conclusion for reasons exactly the reverse of those assigned by him. When writing yesterday we were unable to verify the impression we had that the report to which Mr. Fisher objects as inaccurate had not been altered by him. We have since seen the revised sheets, and we find that the amendment is exactly in the words on which we commented in Saturday's Register. As the "Hansard" proofs are forwarded to each member for revision, it is only reasonable to assume that if no alterations are made the member accepts the report as correct. As Mr. Fisher did not correct what he now says was a mistake, we are justified in continuing to assume that the error was that of Mr. Fisher. We therefore agree with him that there is no 'if' in the matter, and that any apology from us was altogether uncalled for. We have not the slightest intention of following Mr. Fisher through his speech. We cheer- fully acknowledge that he is a master of the art of abuse, and of that snobbish insolence of wealth which before now has led him to make a cowardly use of his position as a member of Parliament to insult those who are at least as good as himself, because, as he thinks, "they never had more than a £5 note of their own to manage." The Members roa Fundbes.— We retret to eay that two of the members for Flinders, Messrs. Cooke and Ooglin, are now suffering iiom ill-health, and are unable to attend io their Parliamentary duties. Ms. O. M. Da vis's Ixsolvhkct.— At the In solvency Court on Tuesday morning, ia the caw of O. M. Davis, solicitor, the Accountant re ported that the schedule had not been filed. His Honor commented strongly on the fact that although tii months had elapsed since insolvent had declared himself no progress had been made with the schedule. Se adjourned the hearing for two weeks, and withdrew insolvent'* protection-order. Peuca Doska Erlief Fctto — A. repetition of the semce of song performed in the Congrega tional Church, Port Adelaide, will be given shortly in aid of the fund now beicg raised for the benefit of the widow and orphans of the late Captein J. Lewis. Thb Cbows Lixdb AjimfDHEXT Bill.— An important amendment was m*de to this Bill in the Honse of Assembly on Taei- day, on the proposition of Mr. Krichauff, striking out the necessity for paying the second fourth of the pnrcb-we-money at the end of the ninth year after the purchase, llw Commissioner of Crown Lands did not strongly object to the amend ment, bat he expressed his preference tot the % as it stood- He, however, afterwards e&reed; to it in Committe«, -rod the comide ration of the report wm then filed for Thursday text. - j Thb Icci-t, Knxtun FoHCB,—Notwith standiDg the predictions of opponents to the formation of a local Military Force that when the three years' term of service had expired tbe majority of the men would gladly accept theii legitimate release, and that the number* bearing ?nns would be reduced very considerably, the strength of the Volunteer Military Force U now, as a jmatter of fact, greater than it was in J-M-tsary, and in jidrHMor- to this thirty-four men owe joined the Saerro irorce, ; Thb AQBOT-GunBAi. um th« DsFBcma Bailwat Iroh.— A very animated debite took place in the Hoom of A-wembly on Tneaday ia reference to the conduct of the Agont- General in connection with the defective railway iron ?hirptd by Hopkln*. Gilkea, & Co., of Middles borough, for the Port Augusta Kail way. Mr. Weat-Enkino initiated the dUcu»sion on tbe motion for going into Committee of Bapply. He went int*- tbe question fully, quoting largely from the correipoDd«nc« that had taken place both here and ia England, aod strongly de ncuncu g the Agent-General for having allswed ten ihipe, with 8,770 tons of this iron oh board, to have England after he had received trust worthy evidence that a giganUo fraud was being perpetrated at tbe eipetiM of the South Austra lian Government. He »howed that after tbe fraud had been first discovered— through lttten test to the . Agent-General by a -woiko-ian i»amcd Richards, who wa* after ward* dismissed— the firm obtained a cast of the ?♦die' from the inspecting officer, and with this thty atamped tbe defective in» «nd iob atituted it for the bettt-t class of -rat!-*, which tbe Inspector had himself approved. Mr. West Knkice mentioned that some of the r*ils had been put down on tbe Great Eastern Railway and had »oon given way, and he charged the Ageut Generalwith having made wholesale blunder! in this matter and in regard to the l»it loin. Tie Treasurer admitted that a groM aud de liberate fraud had been committed, bat sail that in his opinion the Agent- General was not in the least to blame. He had done what any other man would havo done, namely, reftrred Bicharda's letter to the Consulting Eogineer (Mr. Demptey) as aoon as it was received, anil the tatter's report waa that there was no jnstifi ftum for it, and that llichucW wai a UitraUsed servant, -xhote word should not be taken. , Mr. Deuptey, however, had beeu guilty of great imprudence, and he was no longer in thu Government service. The Hon. L. Clyde mtde a very friendly defence of his friend Sir Arthur Biytb, and said that if he bad stopped tha iron on the m- re report of Richard*, and tli.it report had turned out 'moou«hine,'the Ageot-Oener^I would have been roundly condemned for hit inteiference. Thehoii. member for Victoria «ai J he had been Informed that no Ion would accrue to the Government, as the £20,000 they had received (less £5,000 expentei) and the irou they now had would aVicut recoup them fur the amount expended. This t-ttttement was rccelvod with cries of 'Ob'.'' but up hon. -member ventured to show cause why it should not bo believed. Mr. ParsotiS ruaiio a very effective speech condemuatory of the conduct of tha Agent-Gcceral, and mill it waa 'the mid summer madness of folij' for the Agent-General to sem! liicbardi'a let'cr to Mr. Deoipsey, of uhese walk he had cotnpliiued, and who ? ftcr wards *tnt his letter to Hopkins, Gilkeir, k (Jo., to that when Mr. Di-rnpaey himself went tbo next time to inspect tbe iron it was all jauud and gcod. Mr. Tarsou* also blame 1 the Government for not having been mare prompt and dc.isive, and said more insom pt'teut dralirg with a great crisis conhl not poMibly have beep couceived. Tho Com missioner of Public Works admitted thit the Agent General bad beeu guilty of an error of judgment, and Mr. Kops described hU con duct as weak-minded, but hon. members all agrted that Sir Arthur's character Wii above suspicion of collusion, and the subject wai ulti mately allowed to drop, Mr. 'Weat-Er^kine leaving it to the Government to take nny action they might tbiuk proper as to tho Agent General, and the Government pretty clearly indicating that they it-tended to take no action beyond the minnte the Commissioner of Publio Works had previouxly forwarded, s-ijing that an error of judgment had been committed by the Agf nt-Geuerat. When the item ** Agency in England' came ou in tho Estimatei,' Mr. Fowler moved its postponement till tho eorrespotulf nro re the late loan had beeu (aid oa the table. He eaid the Treasurer had promised that tbe papers should be laid on the table that day, but that promise, like two others on that subject, had been broken. The Tretsarer objected to this langusge, and also to the adjournment, bat after a little gentle pressure from all sides of the Houae he yielded grace folly, and asked the House to be prepared to finish the Estimates on Thursday next. SrrHBMB Ooust Crvu. SnTUios. — The Civil Sittings for October were commenced on Tues day by His Honor the Chief Justice. Threo cases were down on the list, but only one was proceeded with, the other two having been settled. The case that waa heard was an action against Professor Pepper, brought by John Saundem, a carpenter, who until lately was ia the defendant's employ, for the recovery of £33 7s., for wages due.ic. Mr. Y. F. Smith appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. J. 0. I3r»y for the defendant. It appeared that the Professor engaged the plaintiff in London last M*y to proceed with him to Melliourne aud help him in his exhibitions at a salary of £3 10s. per week for fourteen monthi. plaintiff stated tint at the expiration of that period the defemlnut was to psy his passage back to Euglaud unless he gave him notice in writing to prolo-ig tho engagement. He entered into the Fiofeosor's service, and on Angust 31 ' a largo biUnce' of his wages was due and in arrear, the defendant refuilng to piiy it. For tha tlefonco it was alleged that tho plaintiff w.s not entitled to the wages lie claimed ; also chit ho wm persistently disobedient and insubordinate, and nriscondncted himself -o that tbe Professor lost two large minors through breakage, ea:h being worth £50. It was further staled that during the currency of the agreement thB Pro fessor left the plaintiff in Hobart Town ta look after tome of his instruments and luggage, with instructions to bring them on when sent for ; but the plaintiff neglected to forward them, although .money wai remitted to him for tha purpose, and the Professor, being outtble to carry out his engagement, lost money in conse quence. Amofgst other things it wat also pleaded tbst on September 0 tbe defendant ma arrested without cante on a writ of capias at the suit ot tbe plaintiff, upon the ground that he intended leaving the province Jmmed lately, and the defendant was detained nntil bail band was entered into, and suffered considerable annoyance, exposure, and expense. Ths Pro feaaor put in a counter-claim for £100 damages for tho broken mirrors, £100 rl image* for the plaintiff's neglect in not forwarding the inttrumeBts and luggage from Hobart, Town, and £100 damages for malicious arrest. PUintid denied tbe allegations of disobedience, insubor dination, and negligence, and denied that the mirrors were broken through any tanlt of his, or that he neglected to forward the biggaga from Hobart Town. He also justified tho issue of tbe writ of cayias on various grounds. The order for the arrest and capias nad been set aside with costf, taxed at £14 6a.; but the plaintiff had not paid them. The claim was admitted by the Professor, except as to threo weeks' wages and the coat of a pair of boots. A verdict was given for £77 2§, with £U Oj., co»t«. It 8b the defendant's cost* to aet aside ths capias, amounting to £14 6s. Judgment was accordingly t ntf red for £74 2i. The Court then adjourned till Tuesday next at 10 o'clock. Sm-ooLno.— The report of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Customs for the you 1879 makes several interesting statements on tho subject of smuggling. It is said the total quantity of tob&ccs;, including cigars, seized by the officer* daring tbe year was 12,0711b, and ol spirits 220 gallons. The importationi of tobacco in 1879, on which duty wai paid, amounted to 42,452,000 lb. against 93,059.000 lb. in 1878, showing a falling-off of 50,007,000 lb,, or 54 per cent. The decreuse was partially attri butable t» excessive importations for three years previously. The exports of stemmed «n-l tin etfctntned tobacco were represented by 13,960.000 Ib. in 1878, which fell to'8,200,000 Ib. in 1879, or *qnal to a decrease of 5,679,0001b. Confis cation of tobacco in the United Kiu-jrlo-n betweeD January 1, JS78, and January 1, 1880, obtained to tbe extent of 37,875 lb., whioh van valued at £10,379. The number of seizures which went to make up tho confiscation waa 2,670 ; the number of persons convicted ia con nection therewith, 2.C23 ; and the amunut of fin** inflicted npon them, '£21,540. The duty which wes attempted to bo evaded wm some where between ,£8,000 and £9,000. To prevent f-HiUgglin{T,'an Brmy of Custom House officers are retained, besides which a cordon of coastguards ia stationed all round the shores of tbo United ? Kingdom. In tbe port of London C83 outside officers find employment in the Customs nerviefl, and 250 at Gravcstnd, making a total of 933. Then there *re ezcitro officers to inspect the premises of dealers in tobacco, wa»--r-po!iec- teen to watch men leaving ships, and boarding officers. Petitiohs fbou the TemvBVLi.. — On Wed nesday, October 12, Mr. L. L. Turner, M.?., pre sented ft petition to tbe Bon. tbe Oommisjioner of Crown Lands from thirty-three residents oE Curramnlka, praying tbat the Government Well in that locality may be put in repair ; al-io from 316 reiidents of Kadina. Moonta, and -Wallaroo, urging that extra facilttttes should be given for tbe conveyance of firewood on the Kalina and Snow-town lUilwaW, and that tha land adjacent to tbe railwey -mould be thrown opea fur selection. He also presented a petition to the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works signed l-y aixty-seven resided* in this Hundreds of Kilkerran, Maitland, and Tiparra, g-roogly urging tbat tbe road fr«m the south-east corner of Section 91, in the Hundred of MaitJand, to the jetty at Balgowan, tliould be put io repair in time, for the coming [harve-rt, and that it frhould also be placed upooj the schedule of mala roads Tbe Oommiseionsr promised tint the well ehould be attended to at once, and that the other matters should be carefully considered with a view of compljing with tho wishes of tho petitioners. Sazaab at thb Town Hxix.— The baz»ar held by the Sisters of St. Joseph Lwt week will be continued at the Town Hsll Exchange- room this evening. Eohbmiaj Cbicxbt CtrB. — A meetio-} of tbe member* of this club will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel ttii evening. ImnoBiTioit. — For once the Government BttnLS to have met the wishes of a msj irity of members of the Assembly in the amount placed en the Estimates foe Immigration purpose doting the current year, and the debate on the subject has this* session therefore been very j brief. The amount the Government proposed to expend ni £15,000, that being a decrstse of ' £10,000 on the vote last year. Mr. Furner ! moved to reduce the vote to £5,000, while his col league Mr. Hare dt sired to raise it to £25,0 X). The Commissioner of Crown Lands said he bad ordered one ahip already, and therefore £5,000 j had been spent, while 400 more persons had j been nominated by their friends in this colony, ' and he proposed if the amount on the Esti- i mates were passed to telegraph for another ship He would also ba prepared to order a third ?hip daring the year if necessary. la reply to Mr. Bower the Commissioner mentioned that Mr. Henry Taylor was now eusazed in England making knows the Ian 1-order- warrant system ; bat of late his reports had not been so favourable, and unless some improvement took place his services would probably be dispensed with at the end of the current financial year. Mr. Furner, in deference to the wish of Mr. Ross ecd other hon. members, withdrew his amend ment, and the £15,C00 was then passed without; a division. Kbw Botai Caowx Mnrras Compast, Heatecotb.— The manager reports as follow* for the past week:— North drive extended 14 feet; total distance from crosscut, 207 feet. Have stopped this drive for the present and pat nen to rise on shoot of stone passed through three weeks ago. South drive extended 19 feet; tctal distar.ee, 181 feet. Reef about the same. Gotbbsukmt Panrrwo Offics.— From a re tnrn laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tuesday, it appears that the total expendi ture daring the past year in the Government Printing Office wm £31,500 10s. Sd., of which snm £14,15-1 5a. lid. was paid in salaries pro visional and temporary, and £3908d. 4d. in fixed salaries. Tba cost of stationery oat of stock was £4,706*. Oa the credit side of the account £20,568 19*. 7d. was charged to the various Government departments, and among the other items of income were £1,260 12*. fld. for ad vertisements in the Govtrmwit Gazette, £180 for subscription to the Gazette, £51 for sale of the same paper, and £330 for Acts and official papers. The Loax Estimates.— On Tuesday the House of Assembly resolved itself into a Ootn mittee of the whole for the purpose of consider ing in detail the Loan Estimates for the current year. The Treasurer, in moving that the House go into Committee, explained that this was the first time hon. members had been asked to consider the Loan Estimates, the new procedure being taken in accordance with the recom mendations of the Finance Gommissioa. Tha total amount of these estimates u £1,390,350 15s. lOd, of which £564,325 comes within the department of the Engineei-in-Ohief, and £192,550 withia that of the Hydraulic Engineer. It was decided that tho items should be dis cussed line by line, and as— owing to the temporary illness of the EngiuPer-in-Ohief— tha Commissioner of Public Works was not in a position to give particulars as to certiia lines, the House only went into Committee for a few minute?, and the Committee then obtained leave to sit again on Thursday next. Kiixb CHAtLESOH.— We are informed that Colonel Downes, B.A., has issued, through Major Lovely, a challenge to the officers of tha S.A-N.B. Association for a rapid-firing match, under the following conditions: — To fire at Dry Greek for two minutes at every rings— 200 to 1,000 yards inclusive; standing at 2C0 yards, the prone position at all other distances. Neither trial shots, gloves, nor covering to ride allowed; miaies to be marked. Competitors to fire at each distance alternately, and the match when once com menced to go on without any unnecessary deljy. The Colonel in his letter containing the chal lenge says—' I have never tried anything like this, but think it would make a good match, and help to carry out the object at which I am always aiming, viz., to develop the knowledge of the true power of the breech-loader, which is contained in the rapidity of its action as much as in its accuracy.' Steps are being taken by the Association officers to respond to the chal lenge. CaninrAi. Sittisgs. — On Tuesday, Sep tember 12, the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued before His ^Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut. Frank Makin was convicted on his own confession of fraudulently converting a horse to his own use, snd was sentenced to two years' hard labour. Charles Murray, who pleaded guilty to stealing from a dwelling, was sentenced to fifteen months.' hard labour. In the case of Kegina v. Farrelly Mr. J. YT. Downer, Q.C., applied for the remission of the order estreating prisoner's recognizances. He was a lunatic, and was an inmate of Parkside Lunatic Asylum at the time the order was made, and consequently did not surrender. His Honor ordered that Farrelly should be bronght before him nest day, when he would see if he was fit to plead or not. Thomas William Weaver was acquitted of malicious wounding. Joseph Stevens was acquitted of fraudulent conversion of a cheqae as a bailee, and was dis charged, Patrick Shinners and William Bow land were acquitted of robtsry. Thomas Neay lon was acquitted of forgery. The cases down on the list for to- day are — Patrick Shinners and William Rowland, common assault; Loana Clark, murder; Archibald Ballautjne Wilson, stealing; Henry Wilson, burglary.; James Kain, attempting to commit a rape; and James Boss Laughton, embezzlement. Death of a- Nosoobmabiaj*. -On Monday was reported to the City Coroner the death of Mr. John Oalf, aged 90, an old colonist residing at Mitcham. After viewing the body and making enquiries ir the neighbourhood, the Coroner ascertained that deceased had for a number of years positively refused to see any medical man, and that in the year 1878 he wrote a letter addressed to the City Coroner to be given to him after death, exoneiating his wife from all blame or censure in not calling in medical aid. Deceased had_ kepi his ? bed for a few days only, although in a very weak state from old age. His friends did iiot think his symptoms so dangerous Hntil Monday morning, when Dr. Ellison was summoned to see him, but on his arrival he found life extinct. The Goroner having con sulted Dr. Ellison, who expresses an opinion that the cause of death was senile decay, and the Ber. Mr. Hocter, of Mitcham, who also stated that the deceased had had every com fort and attention shown htm by his friends, did not consider an inquest necessary. Obsamhstax Notices at thb Nhw Exchakgh. — The authorities at the Mew Exchange are carrying out a work which will have the effect of adding greatly to the appearance of the main hall. The various mercantile firms are having advertisements painted on the panels, but the proprietors of the Exchange have stipu lated that they shall be executed by one person, and be designed so as to produce a general effect The notices, which are now completed and which have been painted by Mr. Hislop, of Freeman- street, show great taste both in the arrangement of colours and in the execution. In fact, the workmanship is of a very artistic description, and while allowing the walls to be covered with the names and notices of firms and companies, combines what is pleasant to the eye with solid and somewhat dry information. BEKTHAir-STBEBT CHBISTUIT CUCBCH.— The anniversary tea and pnblic meetings in conaec tion with this church were held on Tuesday evening, October 12. There were large atten dances at both meeting*, and at the latter the Hon. P. Santo, M.L.O., occupied tha chair. The Kev. H. Hossey, the pastor of the Church, presented his annual report, which stated tint the services held on Sundays had been tolerably well attended, but there had been a slight falling oS in the number present at the pteyer meetings. There had been nine addition? to the Church during the year. The total amount that had been raised for all purposes was £240, and he hoped that the debt on the church and organ would eoon be cleared off. There had been a slight increase in the cumber of scholars attending the Sunday-school, and during the year competitive examinations with prizes had been commenced in the more advanced classes Sigcor Perrero, the Rev. J. Gray, and Mr. T. Lees also delivered addresses. During the even ing the choir, under the direction of Mr. W. H. Craicie, sanj several pieces of music very credi tably. EaTEBTAnwirsT. — An entertainment was given in the Draper Memorial Ohurch Lecture Hall on Tuesday evening, October 12. There was a very good attendance, and Councillor Madge occupied the chair. An account of the 'Journey from London to Paris' was related by Mr. J. B. Champion, who was attentively listened to. Mr. Champion described the various incidents connected with the trip and the principal places of interest to bo seen at Paris during the time of the Exhibition of 1S7S. Various ladies and gentlemen contributed to the enjoyment of the entertainment by singing songs and duetg, giving recitations, &&, the principal of whom were the Misses Champion and Sellar, Messrs. Sharp, McKechnie, and Bidge. A vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly given their ser vices brought the entertainment to a close. 1 Gaki»eb*3 Thhathb.— There was a large atten- I dance on Tuesday evening to witness the third j appearance of Professor Pepper's Ghost enter- j t&inment.; The magic-lantern views cf ancient and modern statuary were shown with life-like ] distinctness, and appeared as if seen through a 1 stereoscope. Tha other items on the programme j were well executed, and the whole entertain* i ment was thoroughly enjoyed by tha lirge I endiesre. The sun-; jipjrssss sriil bs xs- ! pcated tiis evening, Hioh-pbicbd Education Lauds. — In the House of Assembly on Tuesday the M'tifc^r of Education moved the second reading of a Bill to enable the Minister to resume certain Educa tion lands leased at a price which the lessees had found it impossible to pay. He said most of the land concerned was in the Hundreds of Crystal Brook, Part Pirie, and Waudaarah, where, in many cases, as much as 7s., 8s., or even 9i. per acre per annum had been agreed to be paid. Many of the lessees, if obliged to pay, would be ruined ; and the fact was that at the present time there were £12,0U0 of rent in j arrears. One of the lessees in Wande-irah would j have to pay £3,000 f°r rest f°r t-TO years, and ! he had already spent £1,500 ia fencing and other improvements. Tha averaae rents! offered in 187(5 for Education Hud was 2s. per acre, and it was pointed to, showing what a good thing it was to take it out of the hands of the squatters. But the fact was those who gave these high prices bad cot been able to pay them, and the rental jear after year had beeu reduced. In 1877 the average rental was Is. 9id. ; in 1878, 2d. per acre; and in 1S79, Is. Id-; and this year 7d. per acre. The Minister explained that the amount which it was proposed to remit would be under JE9.0C0 — being two years' rent in eighteen or twenty cases — and against that the Government would get the benefit of the improvements made on the property. The Minister explained that under the law as it at present stood he had no power to forfeit the land except under a costly legal process. The second reading was carried without a division, but in Committee a few amendments were made, several hon. members expressing them selves in favour of a schedule setting forth the names of the persons who were to be allowed nnder the Bill to surrender their agreements, and an amendment being carried to prevent persons forfeiting land and taking it up again nnder different conditions. The Committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday, the understanding being that the Minister of Educa tion would carefully consider the effect of the several amendments made in the Bill. Medical Bill— The second reading) of this Bill was moved in the House of Assembly on Tuesday by the Attorney-General, who ex plained that the measure was to enable gentle men holding foreign diplomas to practise in this colony, ard also to carry out some of the objects recommended by the meeting of medical men held some time ago to consider the question. But the Bill was brought in, not in the interests of the profession, but for the benefit of the public. Mr. Bundey mentioned that the English Medical Act had been amended nine times, and that so long ago as the reign of Henry Till, a Bill was passed to deal with the question. The objjet of the Bill was 'to curtail the powers ot the company and fellow ship of surgeons having small cunning, and minding only their own lucres, who did often times impair and hurt their patients rather than do them good ; who were in the habit of suing, vexing, and troubling divers honest persons, as well men as women, whom God hath endued with the knowledge cf the nature, kind, and operation of certain herbs, roots, and waters, and the using and ministering of them to such as are pained with customable diseases.' After Mr. Furner had spoken, the debate was ad journed till Thursday next. Supposed Fatal Accident in New South Wales.— By our Sydney telegrams it will be noted that it is feared Mr. Lamont Young, the Government Geologist of New South Wales, and two other gentlemen who were accompanying him, have lost their lives. The party left Ber- magui, to which there has lately been a rush on account of the discovery of gold, for the Clyde, a river running into Bateman Bay, on Saturday night, and have not since been heard of, although the boat in which they started has been discovered stove-in, but with various articles belonging to the party still remaining in it. It is feared, and with good reason, that the party have been drowned. A telegram was received in Sydney last night, stating that four bodies had been found washed ashore to the north of the mouth of the Clyde, but the infor- mation has not been confirmed. Accijhatizatiox Socibtt. — A^meeting of the Council of the Acclimatization Society was held at the Hon. Henry Scott's office; on Friday, October 8. Present— His Honor the Chief Justice (President), Dr. Wyatt,, and Mr. David Murray (Vice-Presidents), Sir John Morphett, Messrs. B. D. Bosb,M.P.,G. Hamilton, A. Abra hams, and the Hon. Secretary (Mr. E. E. Minchin). It was resolved to liberate the young trout as early as possible, and to appor tion one-fourth of the number to the Tsnunda subscribers for the purpose of being placed in the North Para River, the remainder to be set free in the Sixth Creek and the Onkapuinga. The Secretary was authorized to purchase a number of English song and insectivorous birds from New Zealand. A letter was received from the Salmon Commissioners in Hobart Town, expressing their readiness to deal liberally with the Society when forwarding pexfc year's supply of ova in consequence of certain losses sustained in the last .shipment, the season being far ad vanced when the ova arrived at Port Adelaide. The second annual report prepared by the sub committee was read and adopted. Bail-way CoinmncATios with Vicrroau. — At a dinner given in Melbourne by Sir Samuel Wilson in celebration of the opening of the Exhibition, on Friday, October 8, Sir William Jervois, in replying to the toast of ' The Gover nors of the Neighbouring Colonies,' remarked ' that be heartily wished the colony of South Australia was more intimately connected with the colony of (Victoria. He wished that he could come by rail instead of by sea, and so escape those duagremens he had to encounter in reaching the famous city of Melbourne. He hoped that before long, how ever, railway communication would be esta blished. The South Australians had already a bridge across the Murray, which went nowhere, and the Kingston and Narracoorte Railway was about to be carried to the Victorian Border. He therefore trusted that at no distant date Melbourne would be in communication with Adelaide by railway.' A Narrow Escape.— On Thursday morning last (says the Kapunda Herald) Mr. B. Harris, of this town, had a very narrow escape of having his house burnt down. It appears that two of his little girls got out of bed before Mrs. Harris was awake, went to a table in the room and took some matches out of a box and began striking them. By some means the curtain at a window near which the table was standing were ignited, which so frightened the children that they screamed and awoke their mother, who at once jumped out of bed, took the children into the next room, and returned to extinguish the fire, which by that time had a strong hold of the table and everything on it. Mrs. Harris, however, had the presence of mind to move the bed to the other side of the room, and thus saved it from being burnt. Fortunately some persons were passing along the road, and seing the reflection of the fire went to put it out, but not before the table and everything near it were burnt. .Mrs. Harris, in endeavouring to save a looking-glass, was burnt about the forehead. There is no doubt had not assistance been so near at hand the house would have been burnt down. Immiqhatioh ahd Emiqratioii.— The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other parts during the week ending Satur day, October 9, was 644. Of these 434 came from London, and 210 from Melbourne. The number who left the Port by sea during the same period was 122, all of whom went to .Mel bourne. Obstacles to Miheuqh of a Cbrtiix Class. — Mothers must cot expect for their daughters at the age of twenty-one such an establishment as they enjoy themselves after thirty years of matrimony, says an English paper. Neither professioBS nor fortunes can be obtained full-grown. The mistake lies in the endeavour to reproduce the parent establish ment on its full scale in the case of each child at its first settlement, just as if a landholder with £3,000 a year were to expect that every one of his daughters should enter by marriage upon such a property. Fathers should re member that their elevation came by degrees ; sons that they ha-e naturally the same proba tion to go through; and mothers, that what they have cow they had not when they began. Io the daughters we say nothing, for the fault is rarely theirs; but the whole evil would vanish at once if it were but openly acknow ledged that people might move on the same social level with broad distinctions of living and means. 