THE ASSEMBLY. Simon. — Whit gossip Is abroad 7 Cabdilvor.— Maize. Slraon.— MaIzo? Cabdrivor.— Ayo— that la tho Budgot, aad for uj, wuy now — Yory Old MSS. Yesterday in tbe Assembly Mr Speaker took the obalr at half past i o'olook. I like.to give my readers news, and here it is. MrM'Coll, looking uncommonly like an in telligent platypus, asked tbe Attorney-General eome questions in respeot to Miller's awe epB and gambling in general. Mr Yale, looking pro perly solemn, answered that he had heard of these matters through -the newspapers, but that ho had not the honor >of Mr Miller's acquaintance. He added that it was of very little uso to instruct the polioe to put down gambling while it took plaoe at everv street corner. What a logical man Mr Vala is. However, Mr M'Goll did his duty, and retired into his shell like a respectable old turtle. There Is only one form of gambling whioh tho honorable member believes in, and that is connected with a State speoulotion in tho direction of universal irrigation. Soon afterwards Mr Mirams led off tha resumption of tho debate upon the Bud get., Mr Mlrams's forte is figures. Any body who likes to road the report of bis epseoh may soo tills fact proved; but as I have no taste for delirium tremens produoed by such unpalatable oauee, I own that I shut my earn to the torrents of calculation! with whioh Mr Mirams deluged the Assembly. Tne only matter that really amused me in the oourse of tho little gentleman's delivery w.jb Mr Ser vice's face, when Mr Mirams said that his manipulation of figures would disgraoo a boy -on the fifth form iu a State eohool," Nevertheless, I oould not but think that of ths twaia Mr Sorvice's abilities as calculator had beou most profitable. It Is true that he never projected the tremendous idea of a State Bank; bat somehow he bar managed te line his own pocket. And of | tho two, Mr Mirams, I had rather trust Poabody or Baring than Lawjor Baron .Grant, Try tho Gap, my friond. I think Mr Mirams mast havs learned his speech by heart — if bo posssss suoh an organ. His noblo forehead shone with the inspiration of recollection. He spoke with the confidence ot one who io ma3tsr of his subjoct, and who is assured that no mortal argument oan over come his. And I must say that no person save the irrepressible Mr Bent ventured an interjection of ipterruption, Tho ponderosity of tuo great -orator probably surprised honorable members Into thatoilnnce whioh is said.tn give consent; just ob Dr Johnson bullied poor Goldsmith. Wnether he convinced him is another question. I do not think that he did. However the House divided (in committee of oourse) upon the proposed dntyof 2s on grain, with tho result of a triumph for the .Govern ment. After this oarao on u debate upon the duty on maize, Mr A. T. Clark moving that the duty be increased to Is per csntai. Hsreat Mr Tucker said that he should vote against this tax. Of course Mr Tucker said this conscientiously, and becnuao bo thought, lika tho lata Mr Cameron (in a Parliamentary sense), that an important industry would be affected. Mr 'Packer con cluded a speech, which in respsct to its argu mentative figures was perfeotlyuuintelligible to me. with the happy thonght that the proposal to tAX maize would reflect discredit ou the protective syetom. Gad ! I could have sworn that I saw the ghost of Sydney Smith grinning in the galley. Mr Tucker's mot was of the sort to euit the wit. Of course Mr Bent railed against the tax. Indeed we mast not be amazed at any course which this vigorous gentleman undertakes ia the cause of market gardeners and oartsrs. But, in truth, in a few words, tbo honorable gentleman put the matter very fairly. It is certain that wo c.snnot grow maize as they grow it iu Now South Wales. The low warm lands of the Clarence and Richmond, con stantly subsoiied by deposits from ths floods of the Btreams, give that impetus to thegrowth of the grain which is necessary. Thoy oould grow rios in the flood lands of Now South Wales, but not here. And so with maize. It is therefore suicidal to tax a commodity which we cannot, nt any rate, produce ia snfflcioat quantity. We might as well place a tax upon Newcastle coal, for reason that " indications " have been discovered at Cape Patterson. And yet the talk upon this matter wae infi nite. Mr Laurens really imde an earnest speech upon the question. Who was it said that when ha shnt bis eyis and listened he oould couceive WilkeB an angel ? So with me. If Laurens wore a wig, my faith ! I would swear that moment that be is the coming man. Bat tlirit shining pate. 'W oat doea Horace say, Mr Lanrens, upon tho tonsorinl subjeot? But dear me — this is all wide of the fact. And the fact is that at this sporting period of the year it is natural that oar most staid and moral citizens may be tcmpced to giving " long odds." This is what Me Laurens did last night. Evidently infected by cnat mania which for the past fortuight has influenced all of us, Mr LsurenB said that he would Btake bis seat against any other member's npon a question of memory. ' This was encouraging, and I won half-a-orown in the gallery from a confiding reporter who goes to church and believes in Lanrens. Ah, Laurens 1 you will never make a good hook on the Cap— if you read your Bible. MrLaurens having lost his pledge, was from first to lust plagued b; the wicked, who called upon him to resign. But he smiled indiff ersutly, as well he might, since he made an exosllent speeob. At anyrate he was so far equal to the position as to bo enablod to disoern that bis challenge bad not been legitimately accep ted. Mr Dow — who always to my erratic thought suggests the idea of a winnowing machine- followed Mr Laurens. He said taat it was a " low argument " of honorable members who represented town districts when they declared that Od would injure market gardeners aad cabmen, Aud here I am with you, thou man of Kara Kara. It is a commonplace nnd ineignifioant coarse to urge against the 'im position of a tax, that a small minority would Buffer by its notion. But I go no farther. I simply urge that national conditions are op posed to tho tax. Mr Murray Smith made a long speeoh udoq tbe Budget, and of-caurse an able speech. The merit of this gentleman's utterancos lies iu tbe distinctness and olearneBS of his views. We may nut agree with him, but we understand him, nnd I own, as a tolerably perceptive par son, that this is more than I onu manage with moat honorable members. Tbe only member that I can mako Bute of understanding thoroughly is Mr Nimmo, and him I comprehend upon the principle that The sound mast seem an echo of tha sense. — Adinirablo Nimmo Mr Vale made a good protectionist speeoh last night.: There is something ia this gentle man, believe me— as the Civil Servants per haps may aver. He is not at any rate tho "newchum"at whioh Mr M'Kean chose to Ecoff yesterday. He knows, I think, as much and a little more than tbo long man himself. I liko fair play ; and although I may say of our Attgrnoy-General, i do not lova thoo, Doctor Foil, Tho reason why I cannot toll ; But this alono i haow fuU wolI i do not love thoo, Doctor Foil, I am not insensible to hie merit! of intellect, industry, and, I doubt not (given a liver), hie utter protection from mean prejudices. During the debate upon the maize duty, Mr' Hall remarked that if be wanted an- authority upon such small matters as oabbage, spring onions, and ths like, he would refer to the hon member for Brighton ; whereat Mr Bent araee in wrath to protest that Mr Hall had no right to refor to him us an authority on onbbageB. "As well," said the honorable member, " might I allude to him as an authority npon printer's devils." Ah, Mr Bent, I am afraid that you are net a olasslo. There is a little poem by one Horaoo con cerning the merits of oabbage, whiah you might have quoted with effect. Mr M'Coll took part in this debate. He said that maize could be profitably grown ia this oniony, and instanced Mr Dolbtldge's garden at Epsom, la which cobs had boon pro duced of a kind that would make a New Eng land housewife's mouth water. Mr Harris asked Mr M'Coll whstbor the ground had been irrigated, and of oourso there was a laugh; and I was entertained by observing that, notwithstanding this evident oat at ths grand canal, Mr M'Coll presently managed to point ont that, given sufficient irrigation, raaizo onuld be grown here as well as ia Nsw South WaleB. And Mr M'Coll is right. But lot us end the matter, whioh at best is a poor one. Toe House divided with the ro- suit of a mnjnrlty of 17 for ths Government, and, tho ohaitnr being over, tho slaves were released from the GALLERY." Arnold's Balsam of Ilor 'hound, euros colds,oonghs anil whooping cough when othor romodloe fail. Bo careful you get Arnold's, l 