CLASS LEGISLATION. The eril which. wo propose to discuss Under fhis'lieading, is' odpof Jths'tiiany from which misgovern! Victoria has had to Buffer, and will, doubtless, j ,i .. : .: uuuer viio proiiut rvgiinp continue w suffer, though wo hope ia a lass drgreo than in the past. It is jtar excelltnee the rsfourca of ranting 'democrats ; and not as means for bettering aa all legislation should at least hare a tendency to do, the financial condi tion, and; prosperity 'of; -the country and its inhabitants', but aa t weapon for tbo annihilation of certain claasei, who have not been slow to detect and expose the ruinous polit y pursued by those political agitator#, but prirats nonentities, from wbich tho bitter and naussaus ' compound 't Uerrjiem"- is concocted. That party ia a spirit of rorengo and retaliation, and in order to retain, in a certain deyree, its popu larity, by pandering to the prejudices of the multitude, has lisd rscourss to the .expedient of class legislation. Tbb squatting bug-bear' tyal long held up as a means of scaring' artisans and mechanics into submission in the snmo manrer, and with about as much good sense as we conjure up ghoste,- and gnomes to frigjiten disobedient children. . Figures, ! ani|j , statistics, combined . with, common sense, and, above all, a uiors enlightened period as. far as acquaintance with .politics is concerned, hare conibLned to destroy this myth, ... which;,,' ;baTiing ' become accordingly, exploded, mast hare a sub- stituts,, .against /wluch ! /the. fulmino- tioni of the party /may be directed. This is provided in the shape of what ia called the banking. arid/. merchants', monopoly. We would '..now ask our readers: Does it net seem— net , mis conception — but the .Tory .quintes sence of ignorance to ay .tjiat any man, or class, save "«j«l excepting s ' liberal" politician, is (ji'rectly or in directly, benefited .by, the ruin of the colony, /or that they can le rindqeod to retard and hinder if possible' the prosperity .of that .colony, as .not co incident with their 'own Wilfirei 'but to go iurtner ana aaserc insc a. mer chant or a bauker Wjjibse financial con dition must naturally vary' with that' of the great, mass | of the ' people,— can derive either satisfaction or profit from/the ruin! of their fellow- creatures rr-aid supporters, is simply to ' leave "the - paths . of ignorance, and . , strike into , . those . , of ma lignant' and" deliberate falsehood P The Stato may very properly be com pared to "a' huge tnAdtiinb, in which — should any email detail or minute part be neglected— the action of tho whole fabric' is' to some extent imped ed. So, in any community, interests, whiqh!are,psrhap8io£ton regarded as inimical, are so inseparably inter woven that the administrator, or, rather, the .maldmiuistrator,' who undertakes;. .. . legielpt, ion with a view to injurisg any particular class, is apt to , throw, ';tbe;;whoIo .socisT system intoidipprdsr, pssuming, as 'hp. does, a poeitiou. simply untenable, and. in direct oppqsition to 'those sound, truths ' underlying the- principles' of poliiipql economy ; and hogeneralljr succeeds in making an egregious' ass of himself, and victims of those who lifWd him 1 into' power, and who find unfortunately when too late, that that .thoir, confidence has been mist placed. /Continuing, however, ' the comparisons wo have instituted;- let us suppose any one among us poBBossed of a, costly ,machino, the supervision' and management of vriiidh he is. aware requires, talent and. judg- >iiiierit-o£ no ordinary degwe/riill ihe place iii charge of it some dreaming enthusiast who , has beoome imbued with a number of Utopian ideas coii-! corning its ihanaenient,1 ideas whose,' only merit l\ea in, tbsir originality, ,and which be is resoled at all hatards i to put ,into! execution,; and, who has further acquired'# prejudice against some' of , the- inaiu portions of tlje machine, because by impertinent 'interference and foolish/ meddling' ho; has through their, agoucy occasionally rqe/jpfl his fingers, and on those ground' tbeir being dis- , carded fldtogqthor ; /)P yjlf ||« ceont tfeo seryicei of tljo ' PWmp, »j|0' pcknowlodges anq appreciates the p,v,ery br, bqlt. nij wheel in .;%'.!»!- ro (?.,oM fljehv.la struvt.V fff t)f,orp/;gli working order? Most assured jy his. choice will very soon, . "bd-Vmsde. Under those eonditions.it stems bard' to remlise what circumstahces I com- . bine,- to induce sensible mpn-,with;: thrir eyes open, arid,/ their rqa- "sb'ning facultios unim paired, to place., the great machinery of tho' state in which they have all ari inte'rost, in tho hands .'of a' reckless/ .gng._.of_xdvon.t.ur.»rs, Jn,order...that, thev may be enabled to practice those peculiar dbctrinsswhidh afe invariably found after considerable cost in ex- 'perittieilting,to'bi''fa"dangerous-'if not,, utterly, .rpinous, .character. It matter's not 'that'1 thole schtuiss are auperficjally. fair, (many Utopian pro jects' arid seme others which might .fairly be stigmatised as mad-brainsd 'have' that pechlarity;) Whsn oh a close . investigation they psrsistontly refuse to assume nny othsr shape than that of Dead' Sea fruit,- the ashes, to which under pressure -they have crumbled, ' h'ot'bven' serving to 'deter the 'mad visionaries frum repeating theexpsri- ment at the first opportunity. 