CONVENTION IN ST. LOUIS. A three days' Cliristiau Convention was held at St. Louis on February 24 to 26, in connection with Messrs. Moody and Sankey's meetings. M r. Moody presided throughout, and at the opening of the third day's session'gave a suggestive address on " CHURCH PRAYER-MEETINGS." We give the leading points mentioned by Mr. Moody and others, culled from the report before us :— Get the people close together. Have a clean room ; have it swept and kept clean, and, if there are no carpets, have it washed out pretty often. Have one man appoiuted as a committee ou ventilation, to see that the rooms is well ventilated. Have the subject announced beforehand. One night in Chicago, when the meetings had got into a rut, I gave out that on the next night we would have a promise-meeting, and I wanted every man and woman to bring a promise. There were sixty-one persons who took part. We heard from Job, from the Prophet Elijah, and from Abraham, and we heard from Abel, and we heard from all the old prophets, patriarchs, and apostles. It was an extraordinary meeting ; it woke the church up, and it was months before it got in the rut again. We want in our meetings to break up the monoony. If a thing isn't successful, do as business men do—if they find some plan in their business is unsuccessful, they soon give it up and try something else. Why shouid we not use the same tact and the same wisdom ? And if we have formed some pet theory, and it don't work well, let us give it up and get some theory that will work well. Another thing we want to get out of our meetings is stiffness. Dr. Brookes was speaking about the dumb devils the other night. How many churches are possessed with them ! They never speak, they never talk, and some are never seen in a meeting. I pity, from the depths of my ln-art, a minister that has to preach to a congregation that never goes to prayer-meetings. They are critical and cold, and lie is hampered, and feels he has no liberty. Break up the stiffness Get these parties to talk, and, if they cannot do that, to read a verse from Scripture, and you will have interest; they will soon take a good deal of interest in the preaching, and the minister feel perfect liberty in preaching the Gospel. New hymns wake a meeting up, as do new sermons, and we want new music. When you get new hymns you cannot get people to sing, because they don't know the music. In most of our churches are members that can play the piano, and they can practise those tunes at home. I think it would be well for the ministers to give out new hymns that are to be sung on the next Wednesday night, and ask members who have pianos to sing them at home. And if we get people in the habit of carrying their church hymn-books home ,and singing the hymns at family worship, we will soon have better singing at the church prayer-meetings. There is nothing that will interest young people more than good live singing, and they will take a good deal more interest in the meetings if they have that. I have noticed that if a church takes no part in the singing it getB cold and conformed to the world. A revived church is a singing church ; and if you cannot get a community or a church to sing, you may know it is because it is in a lukewarm state. Whenever people have singing at home we will have good church singing. Another thing. If a f ither has had a son converted, and that father gets up in prayer-meetings and tells his story, is there a father or mother that will not be moved 'I " That is Smith; his family has been saved, his son has been saved; oh that God will bless my boy!" And they begin to pray for their Bon, What we need in prayer-meetings, what we need in churches, is to pray for one another, and help one another with our prayers. Then we want in church prayer-meetings to keep down those men who are riding hobbies. If a man has got into the habit of praying five, or ten, or fifteen minutes, very often you will find these men praying the Spirit in, and praying the Spirit out, before they get through. It is not right. You ought to talk privately to these men, and we must deal faithfully with them. As a general rule, the man who prays longest in the meetings prays least at home. It is not right that one or two men should take up all the time in such a meeting. Dr. Boyd gave his experience in changing the character of a prayer-meeting at Charlcstown, Mass. When he went there, there were always six men who took part, and the prayer-meeting would number from twenty-five to thirty people in a church of 700 members. He insisted on a three minutes rule, and within three years there were prayer-meetings with over 1.000 attendants, and there were never any communion seasons within the last two and a half years that they didn't receive somebody who had been touched by the exhortations of brethren and sisters in those prayer-meetings. He believed the secret of the fewness of members in prayer-meetings to be formality, stiffness, coldness, and the fact that either the ministers or a few leading brethren monopolise the whole time. Mr. Reynolds, of Peoria, thought that many church prayer-meetings are misnomers— they are church lectures. Mr. Piatt, of Illinois, said the way to have prayer-meetings is to take the padlock off the sisters' lips and have them join in prayer. Mr. Sankey by apodal request sang " Ninety and nine." Mr. Moody said Mr. Sankey had got tired of singing it, but there wore lots of people from the country who wanted to hear it, and the spirit of it ought to be in every meeting to bring back the wanderers. THE QUESTION DRAWER was then opened by Mr. Moody, and the following are some of the questions put, with his answers ;— Question.—IIow do you think that non-churchgoers can be reached ? Answer.—A quickened church will answer that question. I believe this can be done in St. Louis inside thirty days, by churches working together and districting the city and visiting families considered hopeful. The city should be canvassed; and godly widows in the church who can sympathise with widows ought to visit the poor ones, and aid them to go to church by taking care of their children. If there were to be a close political contest here the position of every man would be known by the interested political parties in a very short time, and persistent efforts would be made to bring doubtful parties to one side or the other. Is not the work of the Master vaBtly more important than that 1 1 believe tliat every church in the city could double its congregation inside of sixty days if this thing were carried out. The members of the churches ought to do this work. Question. What is the best way to conduct an after-meeting or an enquiry-meeting. Answer. I think in the morning the church ought to be fed, and in the evening the Gospel proclaimed to the multitude. We want good, live singing. We should not wait for seasons : God is ready at all times. I am tired of hearing of '' revivals." Churches ought to have such meetings every week. There ought to be preaching of the Gospel twenty-five or thirty minutes, and the anxious should be invited to remain, and there should be personal conversation and prayer. Question. How many have been converted since you began your services in St. Louis ? Answer. That will be answered on high. I think men make a great mistake when they begin to count converts. God will keep that record. Iu answer to a question, " What more can be done for the intemperate'!" he warmly advocated the establishment of cheap, good coffee- houses throughout the city. Between twelve and one o'clock a prayer-meeting, led by Mr. Moody, was held, and much interest manifested in it. The Convention reassembled at 2.30 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Marshall, of the Central M. E. Church, spoke on ENQUIRY-MEETINGS AND THEIR IMPORTANCE. He said the question was often raised why we 2annot have conversions in every service, and an enquiry-meeting in connection with every service, and expressed his heartfelt belief that if the apostolic method on the day of Pentecost was observed in our day we could have largely a repetition of the same experience. But those who work in the enquiry-room should be skilful. No uumixed mortar should be brought into this work. None should attempt it who liava themselves doubts concerning Christ's power to save immediately and to the uttermost, or who doubt the inspiration of the Word of God. Cast-iron rules for conducting enquiry-meetings are neither possible nor desirable, but that method which in the quickest and most thorough way leads a soul to complete surrender to the Lord Jesus Christ is the best and is God's method. Rev. J. G. Wilson then spoke on the next question, CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE. He commenced by alluding to the importance of the subject in a financial point of view. He said: " Give me the money expended by Irishmen in their own country and this country in one month, and I will put bread and to spare for twelve months in the home of every suffering family in Ireland. Give me the money that is lost to this country in one year by the idleness and unfitness for work produced by intemperance, and the amount of money expended by the Government for the punishment and suppression of crime, and I will soon pay off the debt of the United States." He spoke of the necessity of Christian parents instructing their children rightly—teaching by precept and example ; the urgent duty of making home pleasant to them, even though some of the time and energy now given to business and the accumulation of wealth should be given to the work of building up in their sons the incalculable wealth of a good, solid Christian character. The duty of citizens in the matter of keeping the young from encountering temptation, and of providing public libraries and innocent amusements, as well as the importance of electing only temperance men to places of trust, was dwelt upon at some length. He denounced strongly the tendency to call the habit of drinking an amiable weakness or a disease, and quoted many passages of Scripture to enforce i his points. At the suggestion of Mr. Moody the discussion of this address was omitted to give place to the testimony of two gentlemen present, who had once themselves been the slaves of the demon, but for some years past free men in Christ Jesus. By vote of the Convention the programme for the evening was set aside, and Mr. Moody was requested to repeat a sermon delivered some time since in Dr. Ganse's church, on " The Anointing of the Holy Ghost," which he did. 