From Exile. By James Payn, author of 'By Proxy,' and 'High Spirits.' CHArxEK XXXIII.— Engaged. It happened on this occasion that Helen was a guest a the Hall for the night, her father having run up to London upon one of those 'urgent private affairs' which I notice occasionally do bring divines from their country home to the metropolis ; and it was on that account, since she was very fond of billiards, and played it quite well with the small end of the cue, that the Squire had pro* posed, in Mr. Bree's hearing, a game at pool. When the party left the drawing-room for that purpose, Mr. Bree instructed his client to linger behind, while he himself detained Miss Grace for a word in private respecting the laying down of a new lawn tennis ground, on which, for want of a topic, she had some days back consulted him. Having given his advice with commendable briefness — and, indeed, to do him justice, Mr. Bree was always brief when delivering a gratuitous opinion— he slipped out of the room and left the young people alone together. Grace was about to follow him, when Master Frank, to her astonishment and even alarm, suddenly interposed with 44 Just give me two minutes, will you, there's a good girl.' She had felt, after what had already happened between ihem, that he must speak with her sooner or later upon a subject which she would have given much to have avoided, and she knew by the seriousness of his tone (which was not devoid of hesitation nevertheless) that the fatal moment had arrived. 44 1 was interrupted the other day, Grace,' he began, with his eyes fixed on the floor, ' in something I was about to say to you of great, indeed I may say of the greatest, import ance to — urn — both of us. I was going to tell you what, however, I think you must have seen for yourself, since girls are always quick in finding out such things.' Here he looked up, perhaps expecting to read a reply to his question in her face, before he put it. But her face was as blank, and almost as white, as a sheet of paper. 'I have seen nothing,' she said, coldly ; ' nothing at least, that concerns me.' 44 Oh, you mean that I seemed to have been hit with somebody else,' he answered quickly ; ' that was all gam mon — I'll tell you about it another time. What I say now is Gospel truth. I love you, my dear girl, with all my heart and bouI.' Even if he did (though she disbelieved him), such a pro testation she felt was not worth much. She doubted of his having a heart at all ; while, with all her charity, she would not but apprehend that if he possessed a soul it would be the worse for him. 14 Look here,' he said, perceiving at least something of this in her shrinking form and averted eyes, ' I don't ex pect you to say you love nws — that is, to the same extent. But love will come after a bit. Our union is a thing your father has fixed his mind upon.' 44 Did he tell you so ? ' inquired Grace, -with such rapid intensity that the other lost his presence of mind. What he would have said, had he been given time to think, was that though the Squire had not said so in so many words, he had given him to understand as much ; as it was, he replied, ' Well, no, he didn't tell me so, but he told some body else.' *4 Told somebody else that he wanted me to marry you ?' exclaimed Grace ; ' I don't believe it.' 44 Oh, but it's true ; ask Mr. Bree else.' 'Mr. Bree!' Contempt and indignation were never before more strongly expressed in a gentleman's surname, though it was such a short one. ' Just so. Of course you don't like him ; no more do I. But it is necessary to hold a candle to the devil sometimes. As soon as I've got what I want, he'll soon see the last of me. But in the meantime he's useful, and mind you, he's a very clever fellow. He has turned your father inside out, and knows all about him.' 'And it is by Mr. JBree's command,' returned Grace, slowly, ' that you do me the honour of asking me to be your wife ? ' 44 Not a bit of it ; I ask you because I want it 'myself,' he answered, testily. ' But, of course, he sees the advan tage such a match would be to both of us. How it would heal the family differences, and make everything pleasant for the governor.' He noticed that her face softened as he said that ; though it was only that her anger had given place to pain. j ' It you and I make a match of it,' he continued j eagerly, ' everything would be settled quite comfortably ; and the succession — that's what Bree called it — would never be disturbed. Otherwise, why, of course, the Squire would have to go, and I should come down upon him for a heap of money.' 44 1 am very sorry,' said Grace, speaking in a slow dis jointed way, like one who talks in her sleep ; ' I would do anything — short of this— for dear papa. But once for all, Frank, it is no use your speaking upon this matter to me ; and it never will be.' 44 You think you could do better with yourself , do you?' inquired the other, with a sneer. His face, always dis agreeable to her, had suddenly grown fierce and cruel. 44 It would at all events be difficult, as it seems to me,' Bhe answered, 4- to do worse.' 44 Ha, that's it, is it ? You're fixed upon somebody etee. If it's the man I guess, you've been quick about it. Come, tell me the truth, though I know it, for you're blushing like a beet, who are you thinking of ? ' ' I was thinking,' she replied, with quiet scorn, ' of my cousin Frank Wylder, whether any change — however violent and abnormal — in his mode of life could have trans formed him— having been once a gentleman — into a man like you.' Grim as he looked, and something worse than grim as he heard those words, he answered nothing, but pulling hard at his moustachios watched her leave the room and move slowly up the stairs with her proud, pained face, like an offended ghost. When she reached the billiard-room she had recovered herself to all outward seeming, but declined to play. 44 You must 4 stand and mark,' then, as the poet says,'* cried Helen, who was in high spirits. The pool in which both, sexes mingle is as different from that in which men alone engage, as a French, watering place from an English one. At the club we have the ' rigour of the game,' and something more. It is, indeed, rather a highwayman-like affair — nay, worse, since both your money and your ' life ' are taken— and one in which Self predominates to an appalling extent. (When I com pare it, indeed, with whist, where the sympathy evoked in the breast of one's partner is so touching, 1 wonder at the diversity of the human mind which has invented both amusements.) At the country house, on the other hand, where pool is played amid the rustle of silk and the gentle exclamations of the softer sex, the game, though slightly less scientific, is full of sweetness (I need not add of 44 light,' or it could not be played at all), and becomes the vehicle of the softest emotions. The players, instead of being antagonistic and thirsting for one another's loose silver, absolutely assist one another. ' If you would make your bridge so, Miss Clementina,' says her antagonist, and, under pretence of science, the wretch will even attempt to 6hape her taper fingers into the proper position (from which, however, it is ten to one she moves them, with the obser vation, ' Oh, but that huvts'). Upon this occasion Master Frank more than once volun teered his advice and assistance to Miss Helen. When he first came to the Hall he had shown an ignorance of bil liards that was surprising when one considered that the game had always been played in his father's house. The Squire, instead of taking his long residence on a desert island as an excuse for this, averred that he played like a fellow accustomed to a bagatelle table. But his cleverness at all manual operations soon showed itself at this one, and he was by this time fully competent to undertake the role of teacher, even to so advanced a pupil as the vicar's daughter. His nerves were not at all agitated by the 6hock that his feelings had just been subjected to in the drawing-room, and indeed, like Helen herself, he seemed in excellent spirits. The attorney watched him with a keen eye, and was at no loss, as he imagined, to understand the cause of them. If he had been rejected by his cousin he could hardly have looked so radiant ; while, on the other hand, her own thoughtful and dejected looks corroborated the fact of his acceptance. Though she had consented to be his young client: s wife, Mr. Bree had a shrewd suspicion that sho had not done so for love of him ; and serious thoughts respecting her future might well have taken possession of her soul. Mr. Bree was not a cruel man, but he took practical views of life in which the gentler emotions did not occupy the foreground. He quite understood that Mr. Lennox, for example, was more fitted to lake a young girl's fancy than Master Frank, but he honestly believed that the latter in all those respects which are most worthy of consideration (for he only thought of the now comer as a naval lieutenant ' out of employ'), was the better match for her. The union of two fond hearts was a delightful circum stance, no doubt, but not to bo compared with a matrimonial arrangement uniting two contiguous estates, or, [as in this case, settling by absorption two rival claims. Though satisfied that his advice had been followed and had borne fruit, he did not, however, approve of the attentions of Mr. Frank to the vicar's daughter, and still less of the carelessness exhibited by Mr. Lennox as to his own fortunes at the game, when he happened to bo engaged in conversation with the fair marker. On these occasions he would 'pot him' viciously (for notwith standing his rolling eye he was a dead shot) and exclaim, 41 Now, then, Mr. Lennox, another sixpence if you please,' in a tone which the squire subsequently likened to that of the peripatetic proprietors of the racecourse roulette tables. So engrossed was Helen with her game that it was some time before she observed how pale and fatigued poor Grace looked ; but when she did so ehe at once laid down her cue. ' I am sure, my dear, you are not ?well, or else are dread fully tired,' said ehe when they had taken their departure and left the room to its natural tenants (for Mr?. Wylder had long retired from the scene). 44 No, Helen, I am not tired,' she said, in a voice which, under any other circumstances, would have evoked from her friend a demand to know what, since it was not weariness, was the matter ; but Helen's mind for once was busy with her own concerns. ' Well, if you are not really tired, Grace, dear, I have something to tell you.' Grace looked surprised, for, indeed, she herself had some thing to tell Helen, from whom, being sure of her friend ship and sympathy, she concealed nothing. 'By all means,' she said, and in a few minutes they were sitting together by Helen's fire, under the most favourable condi tions for a confidential chat that the feminine mind has yet discovered— that is to say, in their dressing-gowns, with their back hair down ana comb in hand like a couple of mermaidens. ' My dear Grace,' said Helen, in a grave but pleasant tone, fiKe one who has great news to tell which ie alfio good, ' I believe I am going to astonish you.' 14 1 will try not to scream,' returned Grace, lightly ; but her heart was heavy. What she had presently to tell in her turn was not astonishing perhaps, but full of serious im port and evil presage. ' You and I, Grace, have been always friends ; I remember proposing quite in good faith, when we were children, mat we should marry two brothers, and thereby become sisters. To bring about that double event would be, perhaps, a little difficult ; but I have done my best towards becoming your relation — I am going to marry your cousin.' ' What ! you are going to marry Frank Wylder.' 14 Well, he has asked me, and upon my word — takin* many things, I must confess, into consideration, beside Frank himself— I think I was right to eay 4- Yes.' Grace listened with feelings akin to horror. She must needs believe her ears, yet it was almost incredible that her cousin could have made such an offer so immediately after being rejected by herself. She had heard of the precipita tion with which men— and women too— will act in such matters under the influence of pique ; but this surpassed all precedent. His only opportunity, too, had been at the billiard table, over which, it seemed, under pretence of guiding her hand, he had actually obtained possession of For one moment the circumstances of his proposal out weighed its conseauences in Grace's mind, but the next thoujrht of her friend's future filled her heart with fore bodings. Of course, she could not now tell her what had happened to herself ; but was it not her duty to remonstrate with her on the risk she was about to run in'linking her fato with such a man's for life. 41 Oh, Helen, are you wise?' she said, with tender gravity. ' Do you think he will make you happy as his wifo?' 44 As happy as I expect ; at all events, as happy as 1 deserve,' answered Helen. ' Beggars, you know, that is girls without inheritance, cannot pick and choose.' 44 11 you could choose,' said Grace, struck by the other's bitter tone, ' do you mean that your choice would fall on another?' ' I don't say that,' she answered, half defiantly. « If I cannot say 1 baye found my ideal, I am yet content. In some ways I have even cause to be well satisfied.' ' Indeed !' answered Grace, naively ; ' that is,'1 she added, hastily correcting herself, ' I am glad of it. If I don't congratulate you, my dear Helen, it is not because I do not with you the very best that earth can give you.' ' I know it ; I feel it, darling. Listen to me. If this engagement of mine has not as much of love in it as you may think necessary, I have tried to make it up in the way of friendship. If Frank marries me— though all the world will, of course, declare that I have stolen him from you, which will be hard, since you would not have taken him at a gift ? ' Grace looked up with a flush. 'Was it possible that Helen knew, then, that she had refused him 'i Her companion's face, however, said nothing of that, as she went on quite calmly — ' 1 say if Frank marries me, it will not be to your dis advantage. I have taken care to make good terms for you and yours.' ' Terms for us, Helen ! What do you mean ? ' 'Just what 'I say. I have done what Mr. Bree calls a good stroke of business. The Squire is not to be disturbed in the possession of the Hall during his lifetime. All back payments are to be wiped out.' She held up her plump little hand, and struck off the two items on her fingers. ' The estate will still be Sir. Wylder's upon his making Frank a certain allowance. I know it is for your father that you are chiefly solicitous, so far as money matters go, and there fore I stood out for terms. for him. As to the future — if anything should happen to him, I mean — I could not, unhappily, do all I wished.' *' But my dear Helen,' interrupted Grace, ' how was it \- possible — though it seems ungracious to say anything save now much gratitude I owe you for your good offices — how was it possible for you to make such stipulations as these in reply to an offer of marriage ? ' ' You mean how was it possible, Grace, to plan and cal culate even for a friend so dear as yourself at that supreme moment when one's whole being should have been merged in that of another. Well, it wasn't merged ; and that's the truth. And for your sake, at least, my darling, I am glad of it.' ' But I am not glad for yours, Helen. 1 must say something about that — I must indeed ; it presses upon me even more than the desire to express my sense of what you would have done for me and mine. I say ? would have done,' for I could never consent to your being trammelled in your marriage with my cousin by any such arrangements for our benefit as you would impose upon him.' ' My dear Grace,' said Helen, laughing, 'your consent ?will never be asked by anybody. I am quite sure your father will 6ee as I do the perfect reasonableness of some such compromise with his nephew, and he is the only person who will have a voice in the matter. I foresaw the Quixotic view that you were likely to take of the transac tion, and therefore eliminated you from it altogether.' Grace could not conceal from herself that her father was not the man to give up half a loaf when hungry, from any purely sentimental consideration ; it was only too likely, on the contrary, that he would resent not retaining the other half. *? I must say I am sorry, Helen,' she said gravely, ' for at the best it seems we are ;to be benefited at your expense.' ' Just so, at the best ; ' put in Helen quickly. ' What could be better for me than to know I was doing a service to one so dear to me at a time when perhaps I particularly needed the sense of doing right. It was not as if I had felt Jthat Frank and I were made for one another, or that this en gagement of ours had been arranged in heaven. * ' Oh, Helen, this is what I feared,' sighed Grace. * Think, think, my darling, over this matter before it is too late. For my own part, I have the gravest mis givings, and in your heart of hearts I do believe you share ihem.' ' Don't, Grace, don't,' said Helen with a sudden irrita tion; 'it is too late for any change such as you suggest. But as for discussing your cousin's character, that is another matter. I am quite prepared to hear anything you have to say about him or against him.' ' Which you would not be, Helen, if you really loved him,' put in the other gravely. ' Perhaps not,' she answered; 'I like him well enough, however, and as you know, I had never great expectations in the way of an adorer. He is a far better match in a material way than I could have hoped for, and 3 do believe that he tells the truth when he says he loves me.' Grace could not assent to this remark, for he could scarcely have told the truth to her and Helen too. ' You don't believe that he loves anybody but himself, I know,' said Helen, in reply to her silence. ' But, then, hs has not the art of concealing his selfishness like other men. He is blunt, but genuine.' *? He is certainly blunt,' said Grace, simply. 'Without a good point, you mean,' laughed Helen. *' Perhaps you would add, 'and I am sorry to hear that he is genuine.' Well, of -sourse, I cannot convince you against your will. But what is it, beyond his copper-coloured ways, that you object to?' ' My dear Helen, if as you say you have made up your mind to marry him, why ask such a question V ' ' Because you and I' can afford to be open with one another, even in this matter; moreover your frankness may be of advantage to me. It is well to know one's husband's weak point. You think, I see, that I shall find that out for myself. Come, draw up your indictment. It would take long, would it ? Then let it be on a single point.' ' Frankly, then, my dear Helen, I think my cousin is hardhearted.' ' He is not very gushing, I confess ; but give me your example.' ' Very good ; I will just mention one thing, and then have done with it. Frank has now been here four months, and yet has never given himself the trouble to set foot in Mother Hideout's cottage, though it stands at his own gate, and the old woman has again and again expressed her wish to have a talk with her young master, who as a boy was such a favourite with her.' *» Come, I am sincerely glad you have spoken out, Grace. As it happens, Frank has been to see her ; was closeted with her, indeed, for more than an hour, as I know from her own lips. Only he hates a fuss, and to be thought sentimental and all that.' ' Then lhave done him wrong, Helen, and apologise.11 ' Just so. I dare say other things might be as satis lactorily explained, though I grant that there would still be a considerable margin between Frank and perfection. His love-making, for example, is peculiar. Of course, I hare long known of his affection for me ; but — would you fcelieveit?— he proposed to me in form to- night over the chess table.' «?' The chess tabled? You mean the billiard table.' ' No, I don't. He was very demonstrative in his atten tion at pool, no doubt ; but that was after I had consented to be his wife. It was at chess that he won his mate.' Grace sat in silence, transfixed with astonishment and horror. Her cousin then had absolutely proposed to her after he had engaged himself to Helen. ' Of course, it was very queer,' continued Helen ; ' but then Frank is queer. I almost think that hateful Mr. Bree suspected something when he came up to us in the drawing-room. He must know it of course sooner or later, like everybody else; and mark my words, he will lay it to the chess table. By-the-bye, Grace, about Margaret; I fion't think I ought to let her hear of this f rommere rumour. 5 should be sorry, indeed, though, of course, I could not help Frank's being unfaithful to her, if she attributed to jne anything underhand — or — or — disloyal.' 'Give me the night to think about it, dear Helen. What you have told me is bo surprising — or at least unex pected — that it puts my poor wits quite astray. It is one o'clock, too, and time we were both a-bed.' 'You are not angry with me, Grace, I hope,' said Helen, pleadingly. «? Angry 'i Oh, no. I have nothing to be angry about ; far otherwise. I can't say that I have not my apprehen sions, but they are for your welfare.' 'You darling; I shall be all right, no fear. Nought never comes to harm you know. Good night, darling.' ' Good night, dear Helen, and God bless you.' Chapter XXXIV.— A Fhtexd rx Need. Both Grace and Helen were early risers, but fatigued by her late hours, and exhausted by the emotions she had ex perienced, the former slept far into the morning. Helen, on the other hand, rose even earlier than was her wont. The excitement of her mind had scarcely permitted her to sleep at all, but, as often happens, had supplied her with unusual vitality. Unconscious of fatigue she attired herself quickly as for an outdoor walk, and stole quietly downstairs. The winter was not yet over, and the air was k'een and nip ping. If she had made a promise to stroll in the garden with her lover on such a morning, it was creditable to her to have kept it ; but to say truth Master Frank was somewhat sluggish in his habits, and generally late for breakfast. Her face, to6, was anxious (not as it surely would have been in such a case), expectant, and eager. The fastenings of the hall door were undone, which somewhat surprised her, and she set down the fact to Mr. Giles's negligence over night, rather than to his matutinal diligence. It seemed to make her cautious, however, for she let herself so quietly out that one might have imagined her bent on an elopement. As she moved rapidly down the carriage sweep she cast a backward look at the house, as if to make sure that she was not observed. Every blind was down, as though death reigned therein. It was some thought of that kind, perhaps, joined to the dullness of the air, that made her shudder despite her furs. At the lodge gates she stopped, and instead of passing through them, knocked gently at the cottage door. Some time elapsed before it was opened to her by its tenant, who, however, showed no signs of having been roused from sleep She was attired as usual, and had even finished her break fast, the remains of which were on the table in the little parlour. ' I did not hear you, deary, when you first knocked,' said the old woman ; ' I'm getting a little . hard of hearing.' 'Then how did you know, granny, that I knocked twice ? ' returned Helen, laughin?. ' Well, I wasn't sure ; though I thought I heard summat.' ' Why, granny, I 6mell tobacco,' exclaimed Helen. ' I dessay you do ; the fact is, I have a pipe in the morn ing ; it's a custom as dates back to the old days, when I lived, in the merry green wood ; you niusn't talk about it to the gentry.' ' Certainly not ; I rather like tobacco myself— that is the smell of it. What's that ? ' ' It's only the wind against the back door, deary ; that's what made me think you had not knocked the first time. What is it that brings you here so early ; though you are welcome as flowers in spring at any time.' ' Well, I came to keen my promise. I told you that you should be the first to know if anything happened to me such as we used to talk about. Your young master has asked me to be his wife.' ' Aye, aye ; well, he couldn't do bettor for himself, in my opinion, though he had a million to choose from.' It seemed strange to Helen that the old woman exhibited no surprise ; but, on the other hand, her face was working and her limbs trembling in a manner that almost alarmed her ; perhaps it suggested to the girl the paroxysms of a sybil, for she observed, ' It appears, granny, that your prophecy is not likely to take effect, 6ince you told me that though happiness was to result from my marriage, it would not come for many a year, whereas Mr. Frank seems in a great hurry.' 'He does, does he,' returned the old woman with an absent air, though regarding her companion fixedly ; ' with such a bride as you in view that's only natural.' ' Well, I think you might congratulate me, granny — I hope, at least, you have no forebodings,' she added, hurriedly. ' I do congratulate you, deary, but him the most. If he fails in hi6 love and duty to you it will be worse for him. The stars have said it.' ' But do you fear that he will fail? Why, Granny, I thought you.loved him.' ? . - ? ' So I do, lass,' she answered eagerly ; ' I love him as the apple of my eye. If I was aught but what I am, a poor outcast creature, better fitted to ban than to bless, I would pray Heaven to guide and guard you both, but I cannot do it.' Her face shook from side to side as though she had the palsy, and she clasped her wrinkled palms together as though she would have bidden them pray for her in default of her rebellious lips. . . . ? . ' You frighten me, granny,' said Helen, greatly agitated. ' What have you done that you cannot ask a blessing for those you love ? Or is it that we ourselves are' not worthy to be blessed? Grace herself had not a word to say except of warning. And yet I did not forget her and hers when I promised to be Frank's wife.'* c( That was well, my child,' answered the old woman, quickly ; ' do not let him bear hard upon the old family. Let it all be written down by the lawyer in black and white before you marry him.' ' Let tchal bewritten down V ' inquired Helen, amazed, and to say truth somewhat alarmed at the pertinence of her companion's admonition, which seemed to fathom even her very thoughts. ' Who and what are you that you can read what I proposed to do for them ? ' ' I am but what you see me, lass,' answered the other, gravely ; ' but as to what I have been, that is another matter, and one on which it is forbidden me to speak. Did I not tell you that I had the gifts of my people, though sundered from them by so many years. Is it difficult, think you, for one who has foretold your future to know your past ? As I hope for mercy, though deserving none, 1 tell you that I knew the errand you had come upon before I saw your face at my door.' ' It is incredible ; it is impossible,' faltered Helen. She was something of an esprit fort, a character, how ever, which in her sex often makes up for its want of orthodoxy by a certain vague acceptance of the extra ordinary, and* she felt that her companion had spoken the truth. ' Well, go you back to the Hall, deary ; or, still better, to your.own home,' continued the old woman. ' It will do you no 'good in the eyes of them as will be now watching to pick a hole in you, to be known to spend much time with Mother Hideout. It is them as rise highest as is most pulled to pieces, and there will be many to find fault with you as the young Squire's wife that had nothing to say agin you as the vicar's daughter.' Helen needed no soothsayer to tell her that. Her thoughts, indeed, instead of being occupied with the image of future lord and master, were only too full of what people would say and think of her. With Grace, indeed, in whose power it had lain to destroy her ambitious project at the outset — she had made everything straight ; her friend's objections to her marriage were solely on her own account; but her mind misgave her sorely as to Margaret Neil ; or rather — for she did not fear that one of her gentle nature would act the part of a dog in the manger— as to what would be said for Mar garet by others. She was turning with a nod and a kindly smile to leave the room when, to her great surprise, the old woman threw her arms about her and kissed her. 'Just once, deary,' she said apologetically, ' to thank you for having come to let me know, and because of the news itself. I will never take such a liberty again.' The tears stood in her coal-black eyes, and notwith standing her commonplace words, it was plain by the tone in which they were uttered that she was deeply moved. ' Thank you very much, Granny,' said Helen ; but she did not return the old woman's embrace. She did not think it a ' liberty,' but there was something in the action which did not please her. And it was not the smell of tobacco. When people kiss you who have been smoking — as she happened to know — some aroma is generally to be detected. But in this case, notwithstanding Mother Hideout's confes sion of her weakness for the Indian weed, there was not a trace of it. At the breakfast table she found the whole party as sembled, with the usual exception. The Squire was looking pale and worried ; and Mrs. Wylder's face, though in a less degree, reflected that of her husband. Grace, too, was pale ; but to Helen's eyes her expression was more cheerful, or at least less anxious than it had been for weeks. A weight, as she guessed, which had been lying in her friend's mind, had been removed within the last twelve hours, and at a less sacrifice than she had anticipated. She seemed to listen with pleasure to the airy talk of Mr. Lennox, who was doing his best to dispel the gloom that overhung the rest of the little party. It was customary to put on the fender any little kickshaw that happened to' be on the table to keep hot f -r 'Master Frank;' and Helen noticed that on the pre. sent occasion this attention had been omitted. Under other circumstances she would not have referred to it ; but re flecting that the action would, for female eyes at least, have some significance, and not unwilling to break that news to Mrs. Wylder, which it was necessary out of regard to what was due to her hostess to communicate to her forthwith, ehe rose and removing one of the dishes from the table set it down in its usual place. ' If you are taking all that trouble for Frank, my dear,' observed Mrs. Wylder, a little stiffly, ' it is thrown away ; he has gone to breakfast somewhere else.' Helen was a good deal startled by this intelligence. Was it possible that some estrangement between Frank and his family had taken place for the second time, and that he had once more exchanged the hospitality of the hall for that of ' the 'Spotted Dog?' The Squire, however, relieved her at once from that apprehension by observing acidly, ' He's gone to his friend Mr. Bree, not having had enough of Mb charming society last night, I suppose.' 'I can't think what Frank can see in Mr. Bree,' observed Mrs. Wylder, following up this idea of social attraction ; ' he ought to remember that evil communica tions corrupt good manners.' ' I think jour nephew feels himself pretty safe, madam, so far as that goes,' replied the Squire, sarcastically. ' Well, I don't know,' returned his lady, shaking her head as though there was such a thing as prudence being lulled to sleep by too much confidence in one's moral strength. The tone of the Squire's remark even more than the actual words made a strong impression upon Mr. Lennox. It did not require great sagacity in any one who had been twelve hours under that roof to discover that the relations between Mr. Frank Wylder and hiB belongings were some thing much more than unsatisfactary ; in fact, that they were exceedingly uncomfortable. The idea that the visitor had entertained, before his arrival, of an affection having sprung up between young Wylder and his cousin, and which had given him (Lennox) after he had seen her such inexplicable pain, had vanished from his mind. If such an affection existed it was certainly only on one side, namely, on Frank's, and even in that case was it ? worthy of the name 'i It was true he had paid his cousin great attention at the dinner-table the preceding evening ; but in the drawing-room and at their game at billiards had he not transferred them to Miss Turton, and in a manner that had been very marked V A sailor is said to have a wife in every port, but not two wives ; and Lennox bad greatly resented, though Grace herself had not appeared to do so, this demonstation of infidelity, Lennox was not a very keen observer, but his wits were quickened by a certain feeling which, though it had arisen within him so suddenly, was already, Minerva-like, of full growth. Ho himself even was, perhaps, as yet unconcious of its real nature. He only knew that Grace Wylder was the loveliest creature in the shape of woman that his eyes had ever beheld, and as it seemed to him the sweetest natured. And the notion of her being sacrificed for the sake of the family prospects to a man that was not only unworthy of such a prize, but also did not appreciate it, filled his soul with pity and indignation. lie had not been told, of course, that any such plan was in contemplation, but he had a strong sus picion—the first, perhaps, he had ever entertained — that such was the case. His nature was extremely ingenious, and had not been debauched by experience ; the salt air of his sea life had preserved his simplicity. He was impulsive, tenderhearted, and generous, albeit until lately circum stances had curtailed his liberality within very narrow limits. The value of money except in its rudest form, as a mere means of making people happy was unknown to him. Above all he had lost his idol — which had hitherto been the pursuit of his profession— and felt the need of some object of interest and sympathy. The ambition under such cir cumstances of a man of this kind is almost always to become the deputy of Providence. Strolling in the garden with his cigar after breakfast in company with his host, he found himself like a bottle quite filled, but which, turned, upside down, does not flow freely; through the ?unaccustomed superfluity of thoughts within him he had become, intact, tongue-tied. . Presently, however, the Squire, silent as himself, destroyed, with a vicious stroke of his walking- stick, an innocent snowdrop. There was something in the action and its object, perhaps, which suggested to Mr. Lennox's mind —albeit not given to metaphor — a certain impending social catastrophe. He looked up with an air of mild remon strance. . -, : ' Now to a sailor, Mr. Wylder, who never sees a flower ? from week's endvto week's end, that seems quite wicked.' ' I suppose I may do what I like with my own, sir,' replied the Squire, by no means pleased that his little act of irritation should be thus commented upon. The remark was singularly apposite to the association of ideas in the other's mind, which prevented his noticing his companion's annoyance. ' 1 suppose so,' he assented, with a sigh. ' Yet thero must surely be a limit to that principle; otherwise a man might ruin the prospects of those nearest and dearest to him — hiB relatives, for example ? ' ' You are thinking of your friend, my nephew,' put in the Squire, with a sneer. ' You imagine no doubt that ho is restrained by moral considerations from taking what the law would permit him. ' Gad, you must be a good judge of character.' 'I was not thinking of your nephew, Mr. Wylder ; but since you have mentioned him, I must 6ay a few words on that subject.' ??'It is not an agreeable one,' returned the Squire, acidlv; ' but if you must, you must— only please to cut it short.' The Squire looked so black, and indeed so demoniacal, that Lennox stared in astonishment. ' The fact is, Mr. Lennox,' continued the other, perceiv ing the need of some apology, ' vou are my nephew s guest —not mine, for you came here without my leave or license. Mind, 1 don't say you are not welcome, for we all like you ; our only wonder is however you got to like him. But I don't wish to listen to his praises, and that's the truth.' It was not necessary to have reminded Lennox that he was Frank Wylder's guest, for that fact, to a man of his loyalty, it was unhappily impossible to forget ; it made, in fact, the chief difficulty of the task he had proposed to himself. Under that roof it was impossible for him. to say how his opinions had changed respecting that piece of human salvage rescued by the Arethusa. ' I was not going to praise your nephew, sir,' he answered quietly ; ' while, as you very properly remind me, my lips are sealed as regards blaming him. What I feel, and wish to express, is that I am sincerely sorry to be associated in your mind, as I am, with a family mis fortune, for such, I perceive, the return of Mr. Frank Wylder must be considered. If I were the Arethusa her self I might be to blame, but though I was the first to see him come on board, I couldn't put him back again into the water, could I, sir r' ?' I suppose not,' eaid the Squire, grudgingly, as though he thought some effort might have been made in that direc tion nevertheless. ' At the same time,' continued Lennox, very earnestly, 'when I find myself in this pleasant home of yours, where I have been received with such kindness, and reflect that I have had a hand, however indirectly, of depriving you and yours of your right to it, upon my soul I feel quite ashamed of myself, and — and — that in short I owe you a very ample reparation for the injury I have inflicted on you.' ' It is kind of you to say so, sir,' said the Squire, who, notwithstanding his wiry nature and shifty ways, had no objection to be sympathised with. ' It does you credit. I only wish it could give me money. Here's that fellow Frank ridden over to Bree's this morning, not for any good, you may depend upon it. I had a word or two with him last night after our pool, and he was but barely civil. Some thing has happened— no matter what — that has rendered it no longer necessary for him to be so. Bree is doubtless teaching him how to work the screw at this very moment.' ' The screw ! ' repeated Lennox, surprised at the intro duction of that mechanical principle ; ' what does he teach him that for?' 'Why, you're as innocent as a babe,' exclaimed the Squire ; ?* nay more, you're as simple as my wife.' ' I had rattier make a mistake in. such company as Mrs. Wylders's,' said Lennox, with a certain tender gallantry, 'than be right with some people— with Mr. Bree, for instance. 'What is it, if I may ask without impertinence —aB I certainly do not do so from mere curiosity— that vnn I have to fear from that gentleman ?' »*«you m 'Buin,Bir; downright ruin; that is all,' burst' fnnu I the Squire bitterly. 'He has power-with the&2j I my nephew gives him— to turn me out of house and honST ? to make beggars of me and mine ; nay, worse ? ' ' ? In his bitterness and fury he had so far forgotten him I self as to have been within an ace of alluding to th I existence of that still greater pressure which might at aT I time be exerted against him-the repayment of the morteaoi I which had placed him within the clutches of the criminal ? law. The gap in the Squire's speech was fortunately filled I up for him by his companion, who naturally jumped to tlw ? conclusion that he was about to speak of his daughter B Grace, the sacrifice of whom might well be described « worse th* the loss of house and bind. ' But,*ny dear Mr. Wylder,' he broke in, 'canno these dreadful things — or some of them at least— b averted ? What I am about to say to you is in confidence' of course ; no allusion to it save to vour ears will ever nag, my lips— pray excuse what may seem wanting in delicacv in 6uch a proposal ; if my speech has the roughness of th« sailor it has at least the sailor's genuineness; but wiT money be of any use to you ? ' 'Money,' my good friend,' said the Squire, a httln contemptuously, considering the obvious good-will of the other's speech, albeit he was only in his companion's eves a second lieutenant out of employ ; ?? that depends upon what you call money. In one sense, money is alwaysof use. but a fifty-pound note— or, for the matter of that one for five hundred — is but a drop in the ocean of my liabi lilies. To you suppose that the fee-simple of Cran-landi Hall '—and he looked about him with an air in which some pride of proprietorship lingered yet—'* is to be bousht for a few thousand pounds ? '? ' Indeed, sir, I suppose nothing of the kind,' answered Lennox, with nervous eagerness; 'but you spoke of something worse than the loss of your inheritance— some more immediate and more painful embarrassment as I gather— from which, perhapB, I might be able to relieve you.' ' You're a good fellow, Mr. Lennox, I do believe ' sail the Squire, not umoved by his companion's earnestness ' I wish to heaven I had a man like you for tny nephew instead of that other beggar. But the fact is, with the bill of that cursed little lawyer at the tail of it, three thousand pounds wouldn't get me out of the scrape I am speaking of.' 'I don't know how long brokers take to sell stocks and shares, Mr. Wylder,' answered the young man simply ' but I can promise you three thousand pounds, without security of course, or anything of that kind, bv Wednesday I should think, at farthest,' '* 'Three thousand pounds! You! Why, where the I deuce are you to get it from? That is, I mean'— the B Squire hesitated. He was not, as we know, a very scrupu- I lous man, but his good genius for once prevailed. Tho B relief he would have experienced in paying off that terrible mortgage would have been enormous, but he could not take advantage of this young man's simplicity and good nature. ' No ; thank you all the the same, Lennox,' he said firmly; ' it is a generous offer, but I cannot avail myself of it. To tell you the honest truth I am in sad straits ; you would never see your money again ; it would be a downright thiev ing of your little patrimony.' ' Patrimony, my deaT sir,' returned Lennox, laughm*; ' why, I have more than the sum I mentioned per annum'. It is a mere drop in the ocean as you called it, and it is no use to me. I don't want it ; you'll oblige me very much by taking it, you will indeed.' The Squire straddled hislegsand opened his mouth— a very genuine, if not very Grecian, attitude of extreme astonish ment. ' You've more than three thousand a year, and money's 'no good' to you! You! a sailor! Why, you must have discovered the treasure of Captain Kyd ! ' ' Well, no, sir,' answered the young man, smiling; ' I came into the money quite lately, in a much more prosaic way — through the will of my aunt.' ' Heaven rest her soul !' exclaimed the Squire, piously. *? She must have been a good woman. If you have really this money to spare, my dear friend ? ' ' Don'J say anotherword about the matter, Mr. Wylder. You shall have a cheque for it by Wednesday ; and', look you, if you want more, you know where to find it. There's a gig coming up [the sweep with Wylder and Mr. Bree in it.' 'I see 'em,' said the Squire, with a groan. 'Not the if s so bad now a3 it might have been, thanks to you, young man. Oh, why ; oh, why are you not ruy nephew, install of that other blackguard— I mean, fellow ? ' 