A Strnge Story. The Geneva/correspondent of . the Timet writes, under ilnle D?cumbar. 17 :—' On the Inst day of November tlie' body _of a man who had evidently died, a violent death was found in the Sillertliiil, canton Thurgnii. Tlio firat itnpreusion'waH; that lie hnd met with foul piny j- but the medical-experts who were called in thought the wounds wore eelfrinflictod, and decided that it was a cane of suioido, Tho body was identified as that of a 'man nrvmed Baiiineler, a sawyer by trade, and a native of Lucerne. Aa to this tliftre done not aee;n to bo the leaet ? doubt; but the ' Aintmaun'of (hedistrict, as required by the law in euch leases, had; tho fact properly attested, end . eeverftl tnneter ?awyors forwhom Baumelerhad worked, hie own relative, and other* declared that he was the. man whose body had been found on the Sillerthal. The local pnpere announced Ilia death, and hie friends were invited to oocompany the funeral proceenion to the grave. Hie kinsfolk put on mourning for him, and the deceased, having bocu a Roman Catholic, waa buried in the cemetery of Btschoffzull by a priest of lhatper?iiasioii. Tho evening after tho interment, ac a number of puadaiitu and neighbours wero making merry in the village inn of of BiscboHzell, who should walk.in but the man who, na all supposed, had.-..b00n Iniil quietly under tho ground (ho day before 1 This apparatipn excitod at. first no little dismay, but when Baiimeler ordered n plate of eauango?, a loaf of bread nnd a litre of lager beer, tho foars of the revellers wore appeased. No mere ghost could bo supposed capable of conduct so unghoslliko. Baumeler, who said he had bean away on a journey, then heard the Btory i>f his 'death and burial, which seemed greatly to amuse him. From the inn ho wont to the preebytery and thanked tho priest for the eloquent funeral oration which tho latter had pronounced over his ({rave. Ho then called on tho Amtniann, and expressed his. gratitude to thut functionary for the trouble he had ; taken t.n his behalf. Banmelcr line etill another account to settle. It appears that he does not enjoy an altogether spotless reputation, and after his supposed death a journal of the neighbourhood made some unpleasant reflections- on his character. .'Bamn'eler, it is said, intends to proceod agaiust this 100 offensive journal for libel.. As for the buried man,, no information is as yot forthcoming, and the theory of murder is again revived. The police are making active enquiries with a view to ascertain tho identity of the unknown, and to this end it is possiblo that tho body may have to be exhumed. Meanwhile this strange incident, with its mixture of comedy and tradgedy, has thrown the quiot village of Biflchoffzsll into a state of unwonted excitomeut.' 