REMINISCENCES OF THE CUM Oil MOUSE. Tuf. Woeth OF AN Existence. MAX? years ago a governor or tins coiony was about to depart for home. The day was stormy, the spectators numerous. Among others who went to see the vice- regal^ off, was a member of the Upper House, 1 bo craft which he occupied was upset. The Custom House boat which was near lmrrictl to its as sistance. The honoiabie was on the point of being drowned when an oarsman jumped overboard and saved him. The brave fellow risked his life, spoiled bis clothes, but effected the rescue. Some time after the rich man al lotted him five pounds as compensation ; of course considering this about the value of his existence. As far as memory serves, this munificent gift was respectfully declined. Two Hats are better than One. An officer of some standing in the service was supposed to be more frequently cut of the establishment during business hours than he should be. The superior in order to as certain if this was really the case, had a quiet way of examining the hat pegs in his ante room. If the “bell topper” was there he concluded its bearer was in proximity ; if not, be would send a messenger requesting the attendance of the absentee. In this litjle mauocovre be was one day detected. The knowing old officer came next morning with two hats, one of which he placed on the iden tical peg, the other he kept hidden, to ac companyjhim in his peregrinations. The ex periment succeeded. He was never troubled in a similar way afterwards. " A Gnosi Story. For many years, long past, an old man used to wander about the Government offices carrying with him a small quantity of wax fruit on a blue plate ; the entire property in a small box, ultimately wrapped in a cotton pocket handkerchief of questionable clean liness. He never seemed to tire. His impor tunities to people to buy were so worrying that he was unanimously set down as a public nuisance'. Many tricks were played on him but without affecting the equanimity of his temper. Say what you would, do what you liked, ho returned at intervals. Some persistently refused to buy of him ; i among them ail highly respected official, whose great peculiarity was procrastination ; it almost amounted to an infirmity, and the consequence was that night after night he would be found at his desk long after the' usual hours of business. This gentleman on several, occasions bad ordered the old wax fellow to discontinue bis visits, but like the bad shilling be always turned up again. “ Wax fruit” became an accepted bore. After some time, two of the moving spirits of fun in the department entered this official’s office, remarking, “ We were away yesterday on a curious errand. That old ‘wax fruit1 man sent for us, he was on the pointof death. He wished to make a communication." “ That old rascal at the point of death ! I for one am not sorry ; but is he dead ?” " That is what we were going to add when you interrupted us. He is dead and buried ; but he informed us in his last moments that if it was possible for the departed to revisit this earth that he would give you a call for all your nnkindness to him during life.” “ He is safe enough if he is dead,” was the response. I am under no apprehension of meeting with him. Good afternoon 7” Eut the truth was that the ancient indi vidual had not cast off this mortal coil. The whole story was a jest. One night subsequently, it was winter, the days short. A little before closing time the “ wax fruit ” man was observed ascending the stairs. The same merchandise in the identical pocket handkerchief. He was caught hold of by the two conspirators al-' luded to and told if he would strictly carry out their instructions that they would pur chase his stock in trade at his own valuation. . He consented, was duly initiated in his part and this is the sequel. Time, eight p.m. Scene, the dilatory offi cial putting up his papers. Night, dark. Sound, knock at the door. Kcply, “ Come in.” The fruit man threw open the door, exclaim ing, “ Wax fruit.” The horrified occupant of the place was petrified, believing that the apparition came from the grave. He gazed a moment, it vanished. Ho fell from his stool and was found on the floor subsequently - by the housekeeper when locking up, his state of mind decidedly, confused. The house keeper lifted him, helped him out, and sent him home in a cab. Next day he did not appear. A messenger was directed to enquire after him. His wife gave the information that he was in bed, con tinually asserting that he had seen a ghost. » The -joke had been- carried far enough. The authors of it got alarmed in their turn and disclosed to the unfortunate invalid the , full particulars. This calmed him to some extent, but it was a week before he recovered or could positively believe that he had been imposbd. upon. To this hour he hates “ wax fruit,” and the impression still reverts to him in bis old ago that be did on that night see a spectre. 