PROFESSOR TYNDAUL ON THE SABBATH. The Nineteenth Century for November contains the address of Professor Xyndall to the Glasgow Sunday Society. Tho address was delivered in St. Andrew's Hall on tho 25th of Octobor, and- created a profound sensation at tho timo on ac count of tho liberal views of the speaker, and tho moderate and logical stylo in which thoy wore couched. After des cribing tho growth of the Jewish Sab bath, the author proceeded: — When tbe various passages of tho Pontateuoh which relste to the observanoe of the Sabbath are brought together, as they are in the ex cellent work of Mr Cox, and when we pass from them to tbe similarly collected utterances of the New Teitament, we are Immediately exhilarated by a freer atmosphere and a raster sky. Chriit found the religions of tho world oppressed almost to sullooation by the load of formulas piled upon them by the priesthood. He re moved the load, and rendered respiration free. He oared little for forms and ceremonies, whiah had ceased to be the raiment of man's spiritual life. To that life be looked, - and it he sought to restore. It was remarked by Martin Luther that Jesus broke tlnSabbath deliberately, and eveuoiteatatloualy for a purpose. na walked io tbe held. ; he pluoked, shelled, and ate tbe oora ; he treated the Biok, and his spirit way be detected in tbe alleged imposition upon tbe restored oripple of the labor ot carrying his bed on the Sabbath . day. He crowned his protest against a sterile formalism by the enunclutiun of a principle wbioh applies to us to- day as mooh a. to the world in tbe time of Christ. " Toe Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath," Though the Jews, to their detriment, kept themselves as a nation intellectually isolated, tbe i minds of individuals were frequently oolored by Greek thought and ouiture. Tno learned and celebrated Philo, who was contem porary with Jnsophus, was thus iuilueaoed. Philo expanded tho uses oi the seventh d.y by including in its proper observance studies which might be called eeoulir. " Moreover," he says, " tbo seventh day is also an example (rom which you may learn tbe propriety of studying philosophy. As on that day it is said God beheld, the works that Ha bad made, so yon also may . yoursell _ con template the works of Nature." Permission to do this is exactly what the members of the Suuaay Society humbly claim. Too Jew, Philo, would grant them this permission, but our Blraiter Christians will not. Whore shall we find such Bampiei of those works of Nature which Philo commended to the Sauday con. templatien of bis conutrymeu as in the British Museum ? Within those walls wo havo, as it were, epooha disentombed— ages-, of divine energy illustrated. Bat the efficient . aathn- rities — among whom I would iucludo a ehort.sighted portion oi the pubiio— resolutely olose the doore, and exclude from the contemplation of these things the multi tudes who have only Sunday to devote to them. Taking them on their own ground, we ask, are tho anthoritiea logical In doiog bo? Do tbey who thns stand between them and us really believe those treasures to bs the work of God? Do they, or do they not hold, with Paul, that " the eternal power and Gouhead " may bo clearly seen from " the things that are mnae? " If they do— and they dare not affirm that they do not— I feir that Paul, io his customary language, would pronounce their conduct to he " without excuse." Tho author then g 003 onto point ant that there are two accounts of the origin of the Sabbath, one of which makes it a purely Jowish institution, whilst the other, un less regarded as a mere myth and figure, is in violent antagonism to the facts of geology. Ho then continues With regard to tho alleged " proofs" that Sunday was introduced as a substituto for Saturday, and that its observanoe is as bind ing upon Christians as their Sabbath was npon tbe Jens, I cau only say that those I havo seen are of the flimsiest character, "If," save Milton, " on tho plea of a divine command, they impose upon us tno observances of a particular day, how do thoy presums, without the authority of a divine oommand, to substitute another day in its place?" . . , It 1b perfectly reasonable for a religious com munity to set apart one day ia seven for rest and devotion. Most of those who object Co the Judaio observance of the- Sabbath ruoig- nise not only the wisdom, but the necessity of eome such institution, not on the ground of a divine edict, but of common sense. They oontend, however, that it ought to be, os far as possible, a day of obeerful renovation, both of body and spirit, and not a day of penal gloom. There is nothing that I should withstand more strenuously than the oouversion of the first day of the week Into a common working day, Quito os strenuously, however, should I oppose itB being employed as a day for the cxeroise of eacredotal rigor. The following passage shows conclusively that tho oxtrome Sabbatarian doctrines of the present day received no support from tho founders of the mo3t rigid of Christian sects : — The early reformers emphatically asserted the freedom of Christians from Sabbatical bondajindeed Puritan writors have reproached them with dimness of vision regarding the observance of tho Lord's Day. "The fourth Commandment," eays Luchor, " literally un derstood, does not apply to us Carbtisns ; for it is entirely outwards, like other ordin ances of the Old Testamont, nil of which are now left free by Christ. If a preacbo;." he continues, " wishes to force you back to Moses, ask him whether you were brought by MoseB out of Egypt ? If he says no ; then say, How, then, does Mosoe concern me, siace he speaks to tbe people that have been brought out of Egypt ? In the New Testament Moses comee to an end, and his laws lose their force. He mnst bow In the presence of Christ."" The Scripture," Bays Melanohtbon," allows that wo not bound to koep the Sihbatb ; for it teaobes that tbe oeromonfes of the law of Moses are not necessary after the revolatlon of tbo Gospel. And yet," be adds, "benanse it was requisite to appoint a certain day that tho people might know when to assemble to. getber' it appeared that tho Ohuroh appointed for this purpose tbe Lord's Day." I am gLd to find my grand old namesake on tho Bide of freedom in this matter. "As for tho S ib- hatb," onya the martyr Tyndale, " wo aio lords over it, and may yet change it into Mon day, or into any other day, bb we see nood ; or may make every tenth day holy day, only if we see causa why. Neither need we any holy day at all if tho people might be taught without it." Calvin repudiated " tho frivolities of falso prophets who, iu lntor times, have In stilled Jewleb ideas iato the people. Thost," ho aontlnues, " who thuB adhere to the Jewieb institution go thrice as far as the Jews them- eoivo! In the grosB and oarnsl Bupersfitlon of Sabbatism." Even John Knox, who has had bo mnob Puritan strictness unjustly laid to his charge, know how to fulfil on the Lord's Day tbe duties of a geuerous, hospitable host. His Master feasted on the Sabbath day, and be did not fear to do the earns on Sunday. Professor Tynall relatos sorao capital anecdotes illustrative of what are callod " God's judgments " on Sabbath breakers. A Suffolk clergyman named Bownd, who, according to Cox, was tho firat to set forth at largo tho views after wards embodied in tho Westminster Con fession, adduces many suohj judgments. One was tho case of a nobleman "who for hunting on the _ holy day was punished by having a child with .a head like a dog's " . . Imagination onoa 'started in this direatlon was eure to be prolifio, Instancea accordingly grew apaoe in number and magnitude. Memorable oxamplee of God's judgments npon Sabbath breakers, and other like libertines, in their unlawful spurts happening within this realm of England, were collected. Innumerable oases of drowning while bathing on Sunday were adduced, without the slightest attention to the logioal requirements oi the qucstiim. Week-day drownings were not dwelt upon, and nobodyknewur oared how tbe question of proportion stood between the two clssees of bathers. The Civil War was re garded as a punishment fur Sunday desecra tion. The Ifire of London, and a sub sequent great fire in Edinburgh, were asorlbed to this cause; while the fishermen of Ber wick lost their trade through catohing salmon on Sunday. A Nonconformist minister named JohD Wolls, whose huge volume is dssoribed by Cox as "tbe most tedious of all tho Puritan productions about the Sabbath, "is spe cially copious in illustration. A druukaa pedlar, ''fraught with aominodttleB" on Sun day, drops into a river : God's retributive justice is seen in the foot. Wells travelled far in search of instances. One Utrich Scbrcetorus, a Swiss, while playing dice on the Lord's Day, lost heavily, and apparently to gain the devil to bis side broke out into this horrid blasphemy : "If fortune deceive mo now I will thrust my dagger into the body of God." Whereupon he threw the dagger upwards. It disappeared, and five drops of kloid, which afterwards proved indelible, fell uprn the gaming tabic. Tho devil then appeared and with a hideous noise oarricd off the vile blaiphemer. His two companions fared no better. One was Btrnck dead and turned into worniB, tbo other was oxeented. A vintner who on the Lord's Day tempted the passers, by with a pot of wine was carried into the air by. a whirlwind and never seen more, "Let ua rpiid snd tremble," adds Mr Wells. At Tid- worth a man broke his leg on Sunday while playing at football. Uy a secret judgment of tbe Lord tho wonnd turned into a gangrene, and in pain and terror the criminal gave up Ibc ghost. You may smile at these recitals, but Is thera not a euivival of Juhn Wells Btill extant among us? Are there not people in our midst so well Informed regarding "the secret judgments of the Lord" as to be able to tell you their exaot value and im port from tho damaging of the share market through tho running of Sunday trains to the oalamitous overthrow of a railway bridge ? Alpboneo of Castile boasledthat if he had been consulted at tbe beginning of things ho coold have saved the Creator eome worlds of trouble. It would not be difficult to give tho God of our more rigid Sabbatarinne a lesson in justioe and meroy ; for his alleged judgments eavor hut littlo of either, When wo read of the continued opposi tion to the running of one or two trains to tho chief towns in Victoria on Sundays, wo find that tho opposition is consistent. For example : — In 1785 the first mail-coach rsaofaed Edin-. burgh from London, and in 1788 it was con- tinued to Glasgow. The innovation was de nounced by a minister of the Secession Church of Scotland as " contrary to the' laws both of Church and State ; contrary to the Iuwb of God ; contrary to the most cocclusive and constraining reasons as- signed by God ; and calculated not only to promote the hurt and ruio of the nation, but also tbe eternal damnation of multitudes. " Cox, vol. ii, p. 218. Even in our own day there are clergymen foolish enough to Indulge in this dealing out of damnation. Referring to tho contest, which was con tinually waged on the Sabbath question during the 17th century, the author pro ceeds : — Tbe combat over Sunday continued, the Sabbatarians oontinually gaining ground. In 1G43 tbe divines who drew up the -famous document known as the Westminster Confes sion began their sittings in Henry the Seventh's Ohspel. Milton thought lightly of these divinee, who, be said, wero sometimes ohoian by the wbim of members of Parliament ; but the famous Puritar, Baxter, extolled them for their learning, godliness, and ministerial abilities. A journal of their earlier proceedings was kept by one of their members. On tbe 13th of No vember, 1G1I, be records tbe occurrence of "a large debate" on tbe santifiaation of tbe L ird'e Day. After fixing the introductory phraseology, the assembly proceeded to consider the second proposition : " To abstain from all unnecessary labors, worldly Bports, and recreations." It wbb debated whether " worldly thoughts" should not bo added. " This was scrupulous," sayB the naivo journalist, " whether wo should not be a scorn to go about to hind meu's thoughts, hut at last it was concluded upon to bo added, both for the more pisty and for that tbe Fourth Command includes it."Xhe quortion of Sunday cookery wbb then disens-ed and setlhd ; and, as regards public worship, it was decreed " that all the people meet so timely that the whole congregation be present at tbe beginning, and not d -port until after the blessing. That what time is vacant between or after the solemn meetings of the congregation be speat in resdiug, meditation, repetition of sermons," eta. These holy men wero full of that strength already referred to ns imparted by faith, They needed no natural joy to hrighton tbair lives, mirth being displaced by religious exaltation. Tbey erred, however, in making them- selves a mooBnre for the world at large, and insured the overthrow of their oause by drawing too heavily upon average human nature. " This mucb," says Hailain, "ia cer tain, that when the Puritan party employed their authority in proscribing all diversions, and enforcing all tho Jewish rigor about the Sabbath, they rendered their own yoke intoler able to tbe young and gay ; nor did any other oause, perhaps, so materially contribute to bring about the Restoration," Professor Tyndall shows tho impossibility, in face of tho revelations of science, of ac cepting literally the Mosaic account of creation. Tho churches have, as a rule, abandoned tho Mosaic account and adopted tho interpretation that tho " six days of creation" may pass for periods of timo. The author then says : — 'But if this symbolio interpretation, which is now generally accepted, be tbe true oae, what becomes of the Sabbath Day? It is absolutely . without ecclesiaitieai meaning ; and tho man who was executed for gathering sticks on that day mast be regarded as the victim of u rude legal rendering of a religious opic, We ofton hoar of the. horrors of the Con tinental Sunday. Professor Tyndall gives us his version as follows Bishop Bamficld also condems no resorting to tea gardens on Sunday, But wo may be sure that it is not tbe gardens but the minds which tbe people bring to tbem, wbioh produce disorder. " These minds possess the culturo of the city, to" which the Bishop' seems dispomd to ooufiue thorn, Wisely and soberly oonduoted— and it is perfectly pos sible to conduct them wisely and soberly —such places might be converted into aide to wards a life wbioh tbe Bishop would oommend. Purification and improvement are often pos sible, whero extinction is neither possible nor desirable. I have spent many a Sunday after noon in the publlo gardens of the little uni versity town of Marburg, in the oompany of inielleotual men and cultivated women, with out observing a aingle ooourrence whiob, as re gards morality, might not be pormitted in tho Bishop's drawing-roam, I will add to this auotber observation made at Dresden on a Sunday, alter tbe suppression oi the insurrec tion by the Prussian soldiery in 1810. The viotorious troops were encamped on tbe banks of tbe Elbe, and this Is how they occupied themselves. Some were engaged In physical games and exsrejsea wbioh in England would be aonsldsred innocent in the extreme; some were conversing sociably ; same elnging the songs 0 fUbland, while others, from elevated platforms, recited to listening groups poems and passages from Goethe and Sobiller, Through this crowd of military men pasted and repaeecd the girls of tbo olty, linked to gether with their nr .is round enoh other's neokB, During hours observation, I board no word which was unfit for a modest ear; while from beginning to end I failed to notice a single case of intoxication. Hero we f -'ueb the core of the whole mattor —the appeal to exporieooe. Sabbatical rigor hns been tried, and thequeetlon Is : Have Its reeults been so conducivo to good morals and national happiness as to render arlmioal every attempt to modify it? Tbe advances made in ail kinds of knowledge In this our age arcknownto be enormous;and the pnbliodoiire for Instruction, which the intellectual triumphs of the time naturally and inevitably arouse, is commensurate with the growth of knowledge. Must this deslro, which ii the motive power of all real and healthy progress, bo quenobed or left unBatiefied, lest Sunday observances, unknown to tbo osrlv Christians, repudiated by tbe heroes of tbe Rsf irmatiou, and insisted upon for tho first time during a period of national gloom and suffering in the seventoetb century, should be interfered with? To justify this position tbe demonstration of tbe sucows of Sabbatarianism mnst bo com plete. Is it bo ? Are we so much betior than other nations who bave neglected to adopt our ruler, that wtf can point to the working of these rules in the past as a oonolusiva reason for maintaining tbem Immovable In the future? Tbe answer muBt bo No. ... . , As the years roll by, the term " materialist will lose more and more of its evil oonnotatlon, for it will be more and more seen and aoknuw- ledged that tbe true spiritual nature of man is bound up with ble material condition, Woolo- some food, pare air, cleanliness — hard work if you will, but also fair rest and reoreatlou — these are necessary not only to physics! but to spiritual woll-boing. The seed of tbe spirit is oast in vain amid Btones and tborns, and thus your beBt utter ances becomo idle words when addressed to the acclimatised inhabitants of our slums and alleys. Drunkenness ruins tbe substratum of resolution, The physios of the drunkard's brain are incompatible . with moral strength. Hero your first oara ought to b9 to cleanse and improve tbe organ, Break the sot's associations ; change his environment ; alter his nutrition ; displaoe his base imaginations by thoughts drawn from the purer sources wbioh we soek to render aoosasible to him. For two centuries I am told, tbe Scottish oiorgy have proclaimed walking on Sunday to be an act of " heaven-daring pro. fonenets — an impious encroachment on tho inoiienablo prerogative of the Lord God." Such language is now out of dat. If wo could fo'ablish Sunday tramways betwesn our d-:ns of filth and loiquifyand the nearest green fields, we should, in so doing, hs preaching a true gospel. And not only the denizens of our r-iuuop, but tho proprietors of our faotorioi and counting houses, might, perhaps, be none the worse for an occasional excursion in 1 he company of those whom tbey employ. A most blessed Influeaas would also be shod upon the oiergy if they were enabled from time to timo to ohango their " sloth urbane" for healthy action on heath or mountain. Baxter was well awaro of the soothing influence of fields, and countries, and walks and gardens, on a fretted brain. Jeremy Taylor showed a profound knowledge of human nature wben he wrote thns : — " It is certain that all wbioh oan innooently make a man cheerful, does also make him charitable. For grief, and age, and sickness, and weariness, these are peevish end troublesome ; but mirth and cheerfulness are content, and oivi), and oompliant, and oummunioatlve, and love to do good, and swell np to felicity only upon the wings of charity. Upon this account, here is pleisura enough for a Christian at present ; and if a facete discourse, and an amioably friendly mirtb, can rofrasb the spirit and take it off from the vile temptations of peevish, despair, ing, uncomplying meisnoholy, it must needs be innocent and commendable, Tho above extracts will show the nature of tho address delivored by the eminent pro fessor upon asubject which is being widely discussed at the present time through out tho whole of the British dominions. Wo commend tho article to the perusal of those readers who are earnestly desirous of mastering the question, because we have not had sufficient space to give some of tho best argued and most logical por tions of paper. There will be two editions of The Herald on New Year's Day. The ordinary edition will be iBBned bb usual at about 4. o'olock; and a Speolal Edition, with the report of the races and the crloket match, will be published atG. SO. The weather tc-day has been terribly bat. At 10 o'olock this morning the thermometer registered 85deg. in tbe Bhade, but soon after wards a strong northerly hot wind set in, and in forty minutes Oadeg,, or a rise of lOdeg. in the time mentioned, waa tbe reading of the thermometer. At a quarter past 1 o'clock tho reading was lOldeg., and at 2 o'olock it was lOldeg. It is worthy of note that the barometer is falling. Tbe steamer Potosi of tbe Orient line lsft her -anchorage In tbe Bay this morning, punotual to advertised time, for England, via Adelaide and Suez Canal, The passeugera with ' their luggage were taken on board yesterday after noon, Just prior to tho Putosi starting the tag Rescue arrived alongside with Captain Fouler, late of tbo Sorata, who Is a passenger home. Most of the officers of the Bsrata were present to say farewell to tbe oaptalm Iostruotieus received by lest mail rendered it necessary for the return of Captain Fuwler. In the matah againBt eighteen of Northern Tasmania the Australian Eleven, as already snnounced, ecorod 433 in their first Innings. The Tnsmaniana got 74 io their first innings, and 137 in their seoond, or u grand total of 211, leaving the Eloveu victors by one innings nod 222 inns. Palmer (oak 21 wickets for 79 runs— a grand performance. Spofforth bagged 13 wickets for 123 runs. The danger of sitting close to an open win dow on the windward side of a railway carriage has often been notioed, and old handB at rail way travelling will always select a seat on the other side, or nearest tbe engine, instead of facing it. On tbe evening of the 22nd lust, an accident occurred in the train from Williams- town to Melbourne, which might, but for the prompt action of a passenger, have oroved eerious. A lady, the wife of Mr John Brown, of the Belvidere Hotel, Fitzroy, was tra velling in company with her husband from Williamstown, when a spark from the engine entered tbe opsn window of the carri age, and alighting on her dress set it on fire. It was noticed in tlmo to be extinguished be fore she was much injured, although if the dress had been composed of eomo light material like fconk-mcelin it would have undoubtedly been in flames in n moment. As It was, the drois, a valuable silk one, was destroyed and is unfit for wear, A spark catcher placed over the iunnel of tho engine would aot as an effeotual preventive of all euoh accidents. A very remarkable screw-steamer is about to bo built on the Clyde for the Compagnie do Navigation Ecouomlqae (Limited) of Glasgow and Paris. This vessel will have no funnel of any kind, burning her own smoke, and her four masts will be placed in pairs on tbe gunwale on pro jecting brackets to keep tbem clear of tbo rails, boats, davits, etc., when folded do wn, this beiDg done when the vessel !b going head to wind, so as to lesson the ro3istanoe offered by the masts, spars, sails, etc. On each mast will be placed a largo boom and gaff, and between the masts a large squaresail and topsail running on jaokstays. Tbe total width of sail sue on eaoh pair of masts when running before tbe wind will bs 147 feet in width, and 127 feet ia height. The effective borse power will be 1500, so as to give tho vessel a high rate of speed, and the fuel re quired will be only one half that of an ordinary compound marine engine, a result whiob ie obtained by superheating the water ia the boiler by the introduction of a substance wbioh need not be named, and whiob Bubstanoe is variable according to subitnnces. The space occupied by the hollars, engines, and ooal bun kers will only be one half that of an ordinary steamer of the same powor, Tho offensive matter which occasionally floats down tho Btreet channels at night time has been tbe cause of complaint from u num ber of different sources, and at present there does not appear to be any partioutar methods employed to get rid of certain kinds of refuse, t tbor than by making usa of the gutters, Ia Viatoria street, Hatbano, an offensive od it hnB been frequently noticed to proceed from tbe channels, and as it is more notiooble on market evenings it Beems probable that the Victoria Market has something to do with It. LaBt night it was particularly strong, and tho evening being warm, the number of people walking about was greater than usual, Iu Little Oullina street the same unpleasant state of things exists, as well as in many other plaaea in tbo city and suburbs. A deliberate suiolde was committed in Prabranthis morning, by a storekeeper named Enoch Swindle, aged 38 yoare, living In High etreet. The wretched man was fonnd banging from a beam in a stable at the rear of the store, about half-past 7 this morning. The measures which the dooeased had eviden tly taken to effect bis purpose were of a most determined charnotor. In order to roaoh tho benm he had stood on a barrel, which ho no doubt kicked from under bim as soon as the rope was adjustod. A alodge hammer was found hanging on tho beam near the ropo, an J it la considered vory probable that tbe de ceased intended to hove smashed his brainBout with tills if his other measures had not beau snooeesful. Tbo body was taken ohargo of by S.-nior- oonstablo Oonnell, and an inquest will be htld In due oourse. The licensed victuallers of West Melbourne mot in Douglas'e Railway Hotsl last night to consider the steps to be taken to meet tbo ale duty. There wae a good atteadance, and Mr Siutt, as a member of tbe oommUtee of the Licenced Victuallers' Association, waa asked to preside. It was unanimously resolved to re commend to the trade that tbo minimum oharge for colonial ale should be 4d per pint in, and 3d Eef pint out, and that Imperial measure should e etriotly adhered to. ThlB resolution will come np for confirmation at an adjourned meeting to bo held on Friday next; after whioh it will be acted npon. A lecture upon New Zealand was given in the Roman Catholic Ohuroh school-roam (St. John's), East Meibourno, lost night, in aid. of the prize fund, to a large audisnco, who listened very attentively to tbo remarks of Mr Howard Haywood, the leoturor. His aooouat of his travels through Maoriland was most in structive and entertaining. The desoriptlve nooount given of his visit to the King country and the llotomabana lakes, springs, boiling cauldrons, and terraces elicited hearty ap plause; also his trip to Parihaka, the homo of To Whiti, last March during tho great meeting nnd feast, at whioh over 2000 MnoriB attended. The lecture was illustrated by the aid of a powerful lime-light lantern, which brought out tbe viewe very olearly.They wore very beautiful, and gave to the audience an idea of tbe progress that had beau made in Mhoriland during the . last few years. Too leoturor, assisted by Mr Bosrs, the operator, visited the Orderly Room, Oarltuo, on Tues day evening, where the Bamo entortainmoat was given in aid of the ohuroh fuads of St. .George's Church. Tbo young man Martin Goonnu, who' was arrested on tbe nirht of the 24th inst., by Con stable Dobbs, in Nicholson street, Fitzroy, with a large piece of bluestono tied up in a houdker- ohief in hie possession, was brought up at the local court this morning on oharges of assault ing Lowellyu Thomas and being found by. night In tho pubiio Btreots with an unlawful weapon in his possession. He was fined L10, or three mouths, on the firat charge ; and seat to gaol tor three months, without the option ot a fine, on the seoond charge. The senlonoe' will probably act as a ohook upon the young men who are in the habit of misconducting themselves after tho manner of thie youth, and a few more eenteuaes of the kind given upon ah established oonviotion would go a groat way towards suppressing offences of tbie description. The disgraceful oondnct of a young man named Wooda towards some young ladies in Prabran on Sunday week was punished the other day at the local court by a fine of L10. As Woode was not the only offender, steps wore taken to find out eome of others, and this morning James Wheeler was brought up for insulting behavior on the occasion abovo- meutioced. Tbe conduct of tbe prisoner was similar to that of Woods, though not of suoh an aggravated nature. Two young ladies were going to ahurob, when Wheeler addressed an insulting expression to them. It wne Btatsd tbe ocoasion in question was not tbo firat on whioh tbe prosecutrices had beou inenlted by tbe prisoner. The Mayor said it wae high time to pnt down oonduct of this sort, and tbe bench inflicted a fine of L5,or fourteen days' imprisonment in default. Tbe book of the pantomime Sinbad the Sailor, produced this year at the Theatre Royal, has been got up in a novel and attrac tive style. The wordB are accompanied by ex- cedent colored illustrations of the priooipal no? ties, nnd are interleaved with colored and other advertisements of a high olass. Alto gether, the book is a creditable production. The favorite steamer Goldm Grown to morrow afternoon leaves Sandridgo at 2 p.m., an fanif hour later than usual, so as to allow ptople having bualuosB in town half an hour extra time to finish their arrangements. The same steamer will leave Sandridgs' Railway Pier, for an evoning excursion, at a quarter to 7 on Saturday evening, and will proceed to the Queen's Wharf, Melbourne, to take up extra passengers thatmay not bo able to reach Sand- ridge in time. She leaves the wharf Melbourne at ten minutes past 8. Professor KUian's Bavarian R od band will be on board for the enjojmont of tbe steamer's patrons. Two cases of burglary have been reported to tbe Williamstown police thiB morning. In both instancee they were aommitted at hotels, namely the Bridge and Williamstown hotels, Bituulcd in Thompson street. Oaly small amounts and some bottles of ale and whisky wero abstracted. Tho police have tbe matter in hand, and expojt to arrest the offenders George Wallace, alias Heady, the man who hae been obtaining goods and money in Mel bourne and Prabran by means of valueless cheques, and who was arrested the other day at the latter plioe, was brought before the Prabran Court this morning. Tnero were three churges againBt tbo prisoner. The frauds iu quo-lion wero perpetrated on Messrs Wood n't Bradshaw, of Prabran, Mr Joseph Smith nf QueeUBberry street, Hotbom, and Mr Taos. Fltzrcrald, draper, Chapel streot. Two of the obequts purported to bear tbo signature of a market gardener at Brighton named Ander- uon, and the third that of a farmer at Brondmcadows. The the aignaturos wero fictitious. Sergeant Parkinson woe present at Fitzgerald's shop when the prisoner wont there, having watched the man to the placs. Wallace was told to come next dry, and hfked to leave the cheque, but refused to do the latter, He then left aud walked as far as the Town Hall, and was about to enter an omnibus, when Ssrgeant Parkinson arrestod bim. A number of previous co aviations are recorded against tho prisoner, and tbo banoh sentenced him to six inonthB' imprisonment on ' tbe first and a like term on the seoond oharge. For tho third offence a sentence of twelve . months was inflioted. A oharge of' forgery and uttering ngainit the prisoner was post- poned for seven days, A young man named ITonry Warren was chorged at the Fitzroy Polios Court this morning with Insulting behavior. He was notioed on Beveral occasions strolling about Smith street, Colllngwood, and conducting himself in an erratic manner, aud hs dually finished up by taking down eevoral of the Bhuttora of a ebop kept by a bootmaker namod Pettygrow, throwing bricks about, and othorwiso nonconducting himself. He was fined L10 ; or in default three months in gaol, At tho Footsoray Polios Oourt this morning a Woman named Smith was chargod with using obeceno language and destroying Government property, namely a blanket. On Friday evening last she was arrested on tha former charge, and when placed in the cell threw a pannikin of water over the polioe and tore the blankets in Bbreds. She was allowed out on bail on the following day till this morning, when sho was fined In all L2 10s, or eleven days' imprison- meet. Senior-aenetable Corbett stated that defendant had frequently bean before the ODurt,' and always convicted, Two days were allowed for payment of the fines. Edward Hilliard, a young man, was oharged with assault at tbe Prahrau Court this morning The evidence showed the offence to have been a violent and unprovoked one. The prisoner bad soma words with a neighbor named Forster and made some insulting remarks about the letter's wife, immediately after whioh he Beized a piece of a glass bottle and struck tbo oomplainant violently, Forster was cut severely. Corroborative evidence was given of the assault, and some witnesses were called for tho dofenoe; but the benoh were of opinion that a violent assault had bosn committed, and inflicted a fine of L5 andL2 2s costs, or one month's Imprisonment. A moan thief was punished t the Prabran Police Court this morning. Mr Hugh Peek, of Carlisle street, St. Kllda, some weeks ago oharltably gave ebelter and food to a man named John Murtagb, who was in a destitute aondltlon, Tbo man remained a few days,' and then, possossed no doubt by a nation that soroo of bis oorporsal wants were not sulficisntly attended to, took eome brass and a book belong ing to Miss Peak, and decamped. He wont to a metal dcalor named Norman, and wanted to dispose of the artiaies, but the dealer, dis satisfied with tho prisoner's appearance, re fused to buy tbo things. Murtagh then rurhod at him and struck him iu tbo face with his fist. Tho benoh sentenaod the prisoner to a month's imprieonmantfor tho larceny, and fined him 20s or seven days tor the assault. An old vagrant named Sarah Ooffia, who is well known to the Prahran police, waB brought up at the local court this morning for being an idle and disorderly person. She was behaving in a disgraceful manner ou Christmas morning, and was taken in custody by Ssnior-oonstablo Cahill, Several of the prisoner's sons, who were stated to be respeotable and bard-working men, nppeared this morning, and gave evidence that they were continually pestered by their mother, who, whenever she got drunk, went to their places of employment and attempted to do them an injury by bar conduct nod language. The bench etnt her to gaol for twelve months A ssd case of drowning oocurroi (writoi a correspondent of the Brisbane Courier) at Sandgate ou Saturday evening. It appears that a party of five left Brisbane on Saturday morning in Mr Hamilton's yaoht Ariel, for a orui'ein Morttou Bay. The party constated of Messrs, D. G. R. Frow,A. Raid, E, Bourko. Dr A, Mousse, and S. Primrose. They arrived , off Sandgate about G p.m., and Dr Moassa ; having expressed a wish to go ashorei the dingy was hauled np, and E.- Bourke got in and took the oars; Dr Mou-se followed him ; Frew and Primrose alto got Into the dingy. Before the oars oould bs used tbe dingy was struok by a heavy sea twios, filled, and Bank, leaving the four men struggling In the water. Three of the party could swim, but Dr Mousse was evidently unable in do so, for he olutohed hold of Primrose and dragged him undor water three timoa ; aad if Bourke had not come to bis assistnnoB two lives would have betn loat. Bourke got Primrose, wbo was very exhausted, to the yaoht; and Reid tried to eave Dr Mousse by passing a rope round Mm and getting him on board, but life was found to-be extinot. The deoeased gentleman was a stranger in BrisbnDO, having arrived here from the south only a fortnight ago. The object of Mb visit wab reoreation and obangeof air. He wbb not in very good health, nud Ms age is stated to have been from 50 to 55 years, He was a medionl practitioner at Beoohworth, Victoria, a Frenohmnn by birtb, and in good circumstances, Recently (says tho Electrician) a message of GO words was forwarded by the Governor of Viatoria, announoing tbe opening of the Mel bourne Exhibition on that day. This message was dispatched from Melbourne atl p.m., and reached London at 3.43 a.m. on the same day, or 9 hours 17 minutes before tho hour of itB diepatab, Allowing, however, for the difference of time betuesn the two olties. it occupied only 23 minutes iu trail -it. The n-ute of tbe message was over tbe lines ot tbe Victoria and South Australian colonies, the cables nf the Eastern Extension, Australasia and China Telegraph Company, tbe linos of the Indian Government, the oables af the Eastern Telegraph Company, and tho lines of the Egyptian and French Governments; and the rapidity of its transmission shows tbo har mony with whioh these various administra tions work together. The total distanco tra versed was 13,398 miles. The advent of Cole's Cirons, which is to ar rive here about tbe beginning of February next, la looked forward to with no Bmall de gree of Interest by the lovera of that olsss of entertainment, who nnmber many thousands In Melbourne. The leading features of the entertainment have beon mado familiar to oil by tbe spendidly got- up posters and pioturea whioh have adorned walls and windows for some time past, and tbey seem to be not only numerous but of a very high order, ecllpring everything that has yet appeared bere. Besides tbe usual oirous attractions a large menagerie is attached, oontaining some rare animals and a troupe of performing elephants, whose performances are stated to bo unique, Oae great attraction and novelty will be the illum ination of tbe cirons by the eleatrlo light, wbioh Is snid to render everything ns distinot as it could be seen by daylight. The style of lamp used ia known as the Brush lamp, and tbo ourrent is supplied by an electro-dynnmic msohine, worked by a 15 horse power steam engine, and it is stated that the toadenc; at the ligbt to unsteadiness, whiob has been so notice- ablo here, haB been oomplo.ely removed by tbe apparatus used in this case. This will in Itself bo a great object of interest, and tho maohlnary will bo inspeoted with great curiosity. The oirous willbB located user Prince's Bridge, on tbe spot lately occupied by Cooper aud Bailey'a enormous tentB, The opera of La Filie du Tambour Major is nightly gaining in pubiio opinion, and the attendanaa at tbe Opera Honse shows no signs of falling off. As tbo per formers get mora familiarised with their surroundings, the real beauties of the pro- dnotion become more apparent, and a long and highly successful ran may bo anticipated. It bas been produced on a liberal eoale rarsly, if evor, seen before, nnd tbe enterprising manager may be congratulated an tbe prospeot before bim, Tbe pantomime of Sinbad the Sailor again attracted a crowded house at the Theatre Royal InBt night, and the pretty end well-oxecuted music with which the piece abounds was reoeived with loud ap plause. The eceaio effects were muob admired, nnd Mr HenningB had again to acknowledge tbo loud and repeated plaudits which greeted the panorama and transformation scene. In awarding praise for this part of the display the clever assistants of Mr Hennings should be remembered, and their meed of praise justly awarded. Tbo version ol Jack Sbeppard being pro duced at the People's Theatre appears to suit tbe taste oi its patrons to perfection, and tbo theatre is filled nightly. The piece ia well put on, and well played, speoial praise being given to Miss AVatt-Tanner, who wrestles not um- uccessfuliy with a part un suitable) to her powers, and Messrs Douglass nnd Wallace, wuo are both well fitted and aot admirably. Tho last pcrformanos ia announ ced for tc-morrow night. The juvenile pantomime at the Bijon Theatre sesmB to improve its p ipularlty day by day, and last night the pretty little theatre was more orowded than over. The scenery, mounting and stage management are simply as pet feet as tbey could be mod', and tbe acting both of the little ones and the children of a larger growth who play with them can scarosly be too highly commonded. Little Goody T wo- Shoes )b not only a pantomime par excellence for children, but what Miss Jenny Wroa calls "grown- ups" oan and da take great delight in tbe artistic grouping, the clover danaes and so forth, and last but not least, the beautiful scenery of Mr Grist, the latter gentleman being nightly oalled on to rcoeivo the applause of tbe audience. St, George's Hall was again throngod last night with an appreciative crowd, who seemed never to tire of laughing at tho humor af tbe comedians, nnd of listening with bushed delight to. the quartette of singers. Sf. Leon's Circus, in Nloholson Btreet, con tinues to bo woll patronised night after night. An entire change of programme is announced for this evening, The company oomprieoasame excellent artists, and daring ItB stay will no doubt continue to bo immensely popular Tbo performances at tho Qippodroms loat night were well attended, and the novelty of a promenade conoert in tha open air seems one which is likely to suit the taste of Victorians, who certainly do appreciate tho fun of the Georgia Minstrels, the obamplon skaters, etc., all tho more from tbo fact thay do - so cigar In moutb, and able to move about at will. Kitts's Concert Hall was again wall nttonded last night, nnd tbe excellent aompnny ho has engaged succeeded ia thoroughly pleusiag thoir hearers. This pretty little ball will 110 doubt, under Mr Kitts's management, become ft stan dard and attractive place of reBort. 