"STRANGE, IF TRUE." E. A. 0. Such ,wft9jthe thought ;.that passed through my mind after hearing the taljeji mentioned beloWi and the-.discussion--that naturally arose concerning them. J_am( of cr'irso, no believer in " ghost stories,' , but, as many, of my readers ? doubtless; know, there aro oiroUm?tances which seem to; baffle all "attempts at explanation. Such, I think, are thoso whioh were repeated to mc, and which, believing they might interest our readers, I intend to write down ac they are Bald to occurred. Before, however, oommbnoin g to do so, I think it beat to say that/ all \ tho stories wero related by tho' persons' who were aotually concerned in them. j About three years ago, a .gentleman holding, a government situation at th 6 Cape, was residing, for a time, in thfe execution of hia duty, in a email village eomo distance from Cape Town. It woh, in general, a very quiet place, with only a few regular residents; a great many of! the houses remaining closed most of thp year; their owners living eleewhere on their farmfl. Once in twelve ? months, however, the little: village became quite gay, assuming, for a few weeks, a totally dirferont aspect. This was on the occasion of the annual fair,-when, in strong contrast to ite, usually almost deserted look, thp place was literally crowded with visitors or all kinds. The time of the fair was very close at hand, when the gentleman to whom I havo referred, a man in the prime of life, aqtivo, strong, in vigorous health, and not in any way imaginative, left the houeo where ho was residing, with the in tention oC taking a walk. It nasftolear, beautiful evening;, the moonlight making all as distinct as in tho day; and he paused beeide onn of the empty houses already mentioned, for the purpose of lighting hi? pipe., Thero was not s> oloud to be seen '% not *> iihadow oaet anywhero near where hd was standing, when euddenly, from round the corner, aa if jnat leaving the hall-dobrj pasted a> fnll-eiied coffin, juat sneh a height from the ground as ironld have been thd ewe had it been oarried on men's ahoulderai The gentleman watched it with a feeling pf curiosity, and it seamed to disappear ia. the distance. Hβ told mc that no pho could have miatakeh it, tbe ebap* being co perfectly defined. It stood ont grey and 'opaque in tho clear, sweot nif, and p'aesod him so'closely that he cbnld have laid hii| handnpbnit. Wondering at tho strange eight, but without any feeling of dread or, fear don'nected with 'it, he wee'yet'fcufil oiently impressed by' the eircumstanco to writo it down, -with the date and hour, in his note-book, and to mention it to tho doctor, who woe ?n intirhate friend of hU, : thpugh'tho latter merely laughed, belioving it to have'been some optical delusibn, ?yen, when assured that my friend had scon it as plainly ac ho then caw himself. Sbmri days passed, and in tho busy, daily life, tho affair wa? forgotten by both gentlemen. ? The lair-time arrived, and, as usual, the little village wajf crowded. Amongst the visitors was it young man Buffering from typhoid fever, who was taken to the very cottage before named, All the ekill of the' dootor proved unavailing, and, amidst the general gaiety, the shadow of death fell, upon him; and, threo days after his. Arrival, his' bpfEn was carried out 'of tho; honeo from whence the gentleman had seen the strange sight issue. On reminding the doctor "of what be had been told, the' ' latter said that had he remembered the facts, he would havo sont the invalid elsewhere; though, of course, it the call,' " Como up hither," had goto forth from the Mostbt'e lips, no earthlj* power conld| have tho departing spirit. As I said before, I am no believer in ghost etoriee, but when a strange fact snob/ as thilt is declared to have been seen by /a practical, unimaginative man, in good: health, ono scarcely knows if bat to think! of it. '','???.? . " ? The licone 6t my next etory is laid in New York,'in i. handsome house in one of! the beet parta of th?S city j the lady who related it resided there *t tbo time; the other inmates consieting of her huiband, two children, and servants. A cousin with! whom she had' been brought np from infancy, usually lived with them, but his! health having latterly failed, ho had gone, by advice, to Florida. One afternoon, as i she waa sitting playing with the little ones, tho nnrse, who wsg alio in the room, exclaimed, " There is Mr. George I" Look ing np, tbe lady, to ber astobitbuent, t?w her cousin, vhom she hclioTed to be so far ?way, steading in a lMnieg attitnde ?gainst tho open door, giaing at the merry groap; aatamlly enough, her first remark mas to enquire why he had retuned, but he gave bo answer and moved away,' v (ho thought, to jr.o upstairs. Just, at that moment, her husband entered by another doer, and she at once told him that " George was at home, nnd gone to his room." Glad to hoar the welcome, thoagh quite unexpected new?, the gentleman followed him, bnt toon came down, laying he wae not titer*. Greatly puuled as to where their coaain oould have diiappeared, they searchod eveiy room with m little aneotts; no eae, cave the Udy and her nerse, laving eeen his about the Mouse. Almost the eext mail brought then tho ?id Intelligent* that the yonag taaa h%d died of rapid decline, at tho vo.ry hour ?t the .day on whioh. h'n obuain had, ae.sha thought, i?pokon ,to. 'him in ; her. own; "> Tho lady to. whom this happened had always been most twereo to putting. ?riy faith: in Btoriea of thin kind, and, but for tho news of hia death having , occurred preoisoly at the time . she.: eair him, would always.have remainedconvincod that ho hai returned and played some trick' nponher. . :"'? ??'-'~/? ? ?.: .. .-.?;? ?.?-.., ; The moat, singular part of tho ? oiroum- Btanoe'is, I think, that whilst the lady ttnd nnrse both ?aw and him,'the; 'children took" i?o noti?e of one-whom thoy'bad always loved( being in the game ?jrpom. -v ..-? ?' "-'??': ? ; -'?? . " '?? - ( -??-.;?- [ ' Another' most -dririous taloi" indcodi'tha ?tnbet pui*Hng> 'of : "011, -wae. relat*d ---'of ?'-'a, foldier lcavini? his Dost throu?h seeing tho '? epfrit,"' 'm : h* kfErmed,, 'of bie 'of hie bfficerei wno,: unknown 'to hirny hadjust ? shpt-Tiimeelf J I)ut having rfeadVit'ln onopf: bur 3aHJf ; do not repeat it, 1 iiie my 'reader?'may.'in'hll 'iprobability,'h*'ve tldne tneeame.' ' r . !; ' ?????-;.;-. ,?;????''-'????.; . My'lait Btiiryis.orie 'that rrappjone'd jpri j board "ahip, 'and that , , seems 'to ine Vifry pathbtio' from the great,lovo -that "mnati have existed between'the "frienda. It was 'on a lovely ovening - that one /of tho' pa?eenfipr? on boaiid a. hprnoward-bound Iridiamdn/tpmpted /by ttp beauty 'of. the Boeno, wa?'lingoring on/dscb, unwiliihg 'to .exohang'e-tho/pure ./eea breeze for tlio heated atrnoHphereboiow, Looking round; withα-feellnjj thai ha was' and expeoHng tpeee onopf his compianione, be wns?urprieed to fee sittingbesidomm, tbo dearpst friend boposaiiased,-anil who, as ho, know, was: stationed spmo/whore. in/ <thu West Indies. '? B——"' he pxclaimpd,,vitt ; <vriy; bowildprpd. by Beointf.theifacij so ; f,n,miliar' to him gazing foridly,,ser..pftdfy. , at iiiii ; 'f:ho.w, came ypu hepj? ? jSavo. you,, boon hidden awayjilltheee days ?" . ?Aβ, he : epojto haUrjeetingly, la strange /;eonsation camp over him—wot ho droaming or mudP \Mou> oould B -r, who wae hundreds, of milos away, bo nowon.bflard with lump ."'How -.'did- yon get;here?" bo asked,.hie voice ineoneibly taking an awe'f truck tono. . , "I came to ieo ij/ou/'wai tho answer* spoken'ih low,.stianijoly thrilling accents j " Ifelt'l tnvst isee you, but Ixmnnot stay longer." ?> .- ?? . Ho laid his band'on that of his .friniid ?as ho 'dpoke, pressing it with the old > touch the other remembeMd vp woji, and wan gone before any answer eouidbbmaiJo, For along time,' tbo officer ent pondering on 'the'Btrango visit; then taking but 'hi* note-book in the bright bo placed 'the fact* bu record; -ivlth tbo /hour and date. Ho <Jid not' mkntT6n.;the'Oir> cumatanoe on boa.td, kno'wtt.ig 'Voll ho* itnjirobttblb BUbVa'stdry w6uW Vut it was with a heavy heart that h>? fcaw the " whitei cliffs pf,old/Borland", becoming vieiblb,' for "a. iicbp'conyjotion htfd ta¥on pobsaeaion of hie h'l'arb tba, on landing, he would, in some way, receive sad tidings of his old and well-loVed friend. Ho know that ho had bepn.awako.and that,npeooh had passed between hie strange visitor and himself, but w/io _that vititant was, he dreaded, brave soldier though, hq,,were, to attempt to explain. Landing in England, his feara wero coon verified, intoHigencs reaching him that, on the vory: night when he had neon and-spukon to him,)hi3 friend had died in the West Indioa. I do not pretend u>, give any .'explanation ;ot these " strange eiori?s ;" tbn<iu wbo told, them to mo uverred solemnly Him the inula were just Hβ they had stated them, and 1 have no reaeou. to diebell?ye thoir word. That each things of onr'all-wlee Oro?tpr, is qmtu posaible, btil, whilst granting so muoh, I tbitik avery pno ehoiild do his/or her tumoat to pat down uud destroy that foolish, linrtful b'olief in tbpau eo-oalled '? gbost-etoriuii," tbnt ii/avo"ao 'often dono snob irretrievable miebbiel to timid natures and young childieu, Tbinking the utjove oooonntfl cations and soniuwhitt out of the ooninion—n> loaat, the firei unil tniril—l bavo (imply "told the 'tela or ,'twiin told to, mo," loaying.my readers to form lht ; ir own jndgm'eriJ? libout them, Btiil, I, think Hamlet's wordamay, butjnoiid. wgnrding thorn, " Thftt there are more tbliige in honven and earth than ore drea'mi : of Id our philbaonhy," and that, in very tr'atb, such otories are " stracgo, if trdt. , ' 