THE LATE MR THOMAS GORMAN. The following address was delivered by Mr. Edmund Finn at the Melbourne Athenmnm, Mey 26th I860, on the oooaslon of the enter- tainment.in eidef the Gorman fkmily : — L Old' timee, theverywordshare mystic pow'r. To conjure ghosts from mera'ry's graveyard vaet ; And-turn us from the business of the boor, To view the panorama of the psBt, Weeigh when gazing on the mental ecene, To uee what is, and mourn wbat might have been. XL Old times — to eaeh most recollection bring A medley, half of "pleasure — half of strife. Where joy and pun, where bliss and coffering. In uoenss alternate make the drama life, Tragio to some, to others oomio, yet Beeslled by ell vrith something of regret. III. E'en now I see with retn)8peotivc|eyee Io the near past — near, yet so far away, A utnrdy band of fine young fellows rise. Testing their speed -and strength in friendly fray — In strength end speed none stronger, none more fsst Than these, the footbsll players of the past. IV. Those -were the days when Harrison and Budd, Conway, Byrne, Donovan dared football's bnmt> , When strong O'Brien's, warm Hibemisnblood Brought down his man or" drove the aneieot punt ; \nd foremost in those times of yore. Was poor Tom Gorman, now alas, no more. V. The strongest, he, in all that football, fill' a ; Kind'hearted, too, as ever drew heaven's breath. Yet he, the strongest, was the first to yield, Before the universal conq'ror — Death. God ! 'tis a fearful thing to think npon, So yonog, eo strong, and yet BO quioklylgone. VL A few ebort years puss by, andjon bis bed The once strong Gorman fights in vain for breath ; Diphtheria's ecoarge is on hie honsehold shed, ' Marking hie Inv'd ones and1 himself -for deatb. To lie there helpless, see his child depart Strikes at it's strengthjand breaks the father's heart. VIL And he who hitherto "had feared nojfoe, Whose strength had been a" byeword and a spell ; Sinks spiritless beneath disease's blow And joins in death the child be loved so well Sis widow's lot hath still more awful gloom, Io yield her other darlings to the tomb. VIII. Oh I who ehallgpeint that wretched widow's grief, Of hnsbaod sod three children thns bereft ? Where shall ehe fiodfrom poverty relief? . A woman with three helpless orphans left"? Her eyes onto, the footballers she bende. And they, God blefes them ! prove themselves her friends. IX, Think not Tom German bad that worst of ills, A spendthrift recklessness of wordly wealth. He bad saved money, but the doctors' bills Destroyed the savings ee disease killed health, Fate's fault, not bis, that now bis wife should be Dependeot somewhat npon charity. X She and. her'little ones now askffor aid, And ask of those who never yet denied. Carlton and Melbourne footballers arrayed, In charity now labonr-eide byside. The widow's purse I donbt.not they will fill, When enchjgood fellows Work with such good will,. XL As (for ipooiFGorthsh— IrAd =frora "earthly oar% . mnk of him klndlylf or' his'honest worth ; Trusting the greet Jmpsrrial. umpire there Endorses what we thought of "him on earth, Theo eball.hie epuit abore the final gca'. And Heaven's lahd meroy riestTom Gorman's aonL 