ADELAIDE CORRESPONDENCE. (From our City Correspondent.) December 21. A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to my readers 1 Though Press writers are per sonally unknown to their readers, or to the majority of them, there is a sympathy between them none the lesB real because it is in a mea sure impersonal. When Dickens in David Copperfield dismisses the creatures of his genius and bids them a final farewell, his large human heart seems to go out to them as the affections of a parent towards his children. And so in a very different though not totally dissimilar way, there is a subtle bond of sympathy between a newspaper correspondent and his regular readers. When these words appear in the Border Watch one more Christmas Day will have come round, and the people of Mount Gambier and district will be joining iu the festivities of the gladdest season of the Christian year-a season for bury ing the hatchet, for smoking the peace-pipe, and for reuniting hearts which have been long sepa rated by the exigencies of this work-a-day world. Let' me therefore add my good wishes to those of my readers, and commending to the richer of them the good example of Captain Gardiner (who treated his employe's to a trip to the Mel bourne Exhibition) and to the poorer the real advantage they may derive from looking on the bright side of things and endeavouring to share the general rejoicing of the festive season. The faculty of making the best of things is more rare than people readily admit. It is so easy to. be a Stoic when there iB no need for stoicism or to smile when there is occasion to smile. But when harvest prospects are poor as at present, when trade is dull, and when things seem out of joint, there is much more credit for being jolly. And this virtue like all the others brings its own reward. The want of virtue has landed Mr. Samuel De Young, late of Port Adelaide, merchant, in prison, where he is to remain until further orders-in fact until he will disgorge that por tion of his creditors' money which he has secreted, and make a clean breast of his very shady affairs. His case in the Insolvency Court has lasted So long that I almost forgot the de tails. I do not, however, forget that the case is one of the most disgraceful ever heard in a court of law, atd that Mr. Commissioner Downer, in giving judgment, said it was the grossest case he had ever heard, and that he would on no ac count allow bail- even though it was true that tLe prisoner intended to appeal to the Supreme Court. If my memory serves me right, Mr. De Young's liabilities were about £20,000, while .hia assets were next to nothing, a lot of them hav ing been made away with in a style that called from Iftr. Downer the strongest terms of condemna tion. It is about this Mr. De Young that the late manager of the Commercial Bank lost his position, and the directors nearly had to forfeit their seats. They had been too considerate of Mr. DeYoung, and he paid them out in base coin. He is now, however, reaping what he has sown-as men .must do, whether at Christmas tide or any other season. The judgment pro nounced upon Mr: DeYoung amounts to one of perpetual imprisonment-to be limited or made more definite only when the insolvent makes up his mind to disgorge his gains and confess hia misdeeds. Another man well-known in this city-a man who held his head very high, and looked down upon men of modern ideas who managed to live within their income- has this week met a fate which I am sorry to say he really deserved. He embezzled a few pounds, the property of his em ployers (who were in the iron trade), and he has received a sentence of six months' imprison* ment. Other charges of a similar character were made, and on these he was committed for trial to the sessions. The amounts are not large, nor is the offence by any means an uncommon one. I only mention the fact because the man was well-known in literary circles about town, aud because his damming sin seems to have been the common one of living beyond one's means, and then making up the deficiency " honestly if you can, but anyhow making it up"- Verbum sap. There was a ridiculous meeting held at the Town Hall last night, and a ridiculous resolution was passed. It was a case of protectionism gone mad. The immediate cause of the meeting was that the Corporation bad let a contract for fencing the city squares to a firm who intend to^ import the iron, and the protectionists had seized upon the chance of condemning the Coun cil and protesting against the citizens' money being sent out of the colony at a time when there is a prospect of want of employment and con siderable increase of the rates. The meeting appears to have been promoted by the editor of a penny weekly paper, who is "great" on the protection of native industries, and seems as if lie would protect them at any cost. I looked in at the meeting and do not believe there were 300 people present. The dailies, I see, say there were 500. But even that is not much of a meet ing for a city with 35,000 inhabitants. The meeting, however, censured the Council-and for what? For accepting a "foreign" tender and thereby saving the citizens. £1,600 on a £10,000 job. The Mayor, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., made a big speech in defence of his col leagues in the Council. Indeed he monopolised over an hour of the time of the meeting, and he shouted till he was hoarse, to the accompani ment of groans, hisses, cat-calls, and other like noises, by which the intelligent ratepayer chooses to express his approval or disapproval. But the resolution was passed almost unanimously in spite of the Mayor, and so the Council stand condemned. "But what good c&me; of it at last P" as little Peterkin remarked of Blenheim's famous victory. No good at all -except the glorification of the great projector of the meeting who seems to need such adver tisements to keep himself and his paper before the public. The Corporation of course will not withdraw the contract. They were not even asked to do it. It may be thought that the resolution will lead them to be more solicitous about protecting native industries next time; or it may be that they will only let contracts to tenderers who live so many yards from the centre of the ward in which the works are to be carried out. It may be-I say-but no sane person believes this to be likely to result from such a rowdy little meeting which hardly de serves to be called "a packed meeting" (as the Mayor designated it), but certainly was not a large, or a representative one, or an orderly gathering of citizens of Adelaide. Mr. Grainger however undoubtedly got the best of the Mayor on one point, and that was when his Worship so far forgot mental arithmetic as to say that the duty saved on £4,200 to be sent out of the colony would be £042. Either the former figure was to low ; or the latter too high. The Mayor could choose on which horn of the dilemma he would rest. A nice case of riding roughshod over an Act of Parliament has been made a subject for boast ing in the newspapers. It is a tit bit of news, and into the ethics of the question I need not enter. There it a law in our Statute Book which, says that on the narrow gauge railways in this colony the speed of the trains shall never exceed seventeen miles an hour; and yet-in the semi- official account of the Governor's trip over tiie Great Northern Railway it is blazoned forth that the whole distance was done at a very much higher rate of speed and that on some por tions of the line the train. went at the rate of from 40 to 45 miles an hour ! The Governor was on board, and BO was the Deputy Engineer in-Chief, and the editor of the Register. There fore, I suppose, nobody will be blamed. But how would it have been if an accident had hap pened _and " crowner's great law" had been called into play. Apart from the questionable example set by the Governor (an example which is by no means uncommon or disregarded), it is satisfactory to know that on a narrow gauge line such a speed can be attained with safety. It shows after all that there may be something to be Baid in favor of this gauge for the future trans- continental railway. Hon. members of Parliament are not to be allowed to enjoy their holidays in peace. There is, after all, to be a special session to consider the action of our delegates at the recent inter colonial conference. It will meet on Tuesday, January 14, and it is understood that the Go* vernment will rigidly adhere to their promise not to iutroduce any measures beyond those neces* sary to validate the action taken by the Treasurer and Mr, Fowler. The Border Town people, I notice, are very anxious to get Parliament then to sanction the extension of the Tatiara lice from its present terminus at University Block to Border Town. I only hope they may get it. But my impression is there is not a ghost of a chance of the question beiug considered, and the former decision of the House of Assembly reversed, unless indeed the Commissioner of Public Works Bhould have suddenly and unexpectedly changed his mind as to the advisability of the extension being one north instead of north-west. There is to be a rueetiog of members shortly to appoint a Speaker. Mr. Ross, the member for Wallaroo, is the likely one. The only other name seriously mentioned is that of the Hon. L. Glyde, who is not, however, as popular as he is usoful. I don't fancy, therefore, ho will stand a chance against the more imposing ex-Treasurer. 