ACTA POPULI. . By THE FsAHBTJE. Times are bad at present. And yet Dr. Yaughan can use the spur of hio masterly eloquence for a few minutes on a Sunday afternoon, and his people gamely respond to the extent of sis ov seven hundred pounds. I don't understand this. Tho Catholic body has, of late, been split up over the Education question : its leadimr mon aro at variance with tho clergy, and the generality of its members have grown dissatisfied and callous. We know all this i3 true, because tho powers that bo have told us so ; and tho powers, you know, aro honourable mon. Of Into, howover, vo haven't beon told these facts enough, and I am afraid the public aro beginning to entertain oerioua doubts if theso facts aro truo facts, or simply what may bo tormed ' oilicial ' facts. Anyway, the eleven hundred collected for tho building of the Surry Hills Sfc. Peter's is a fact, and one over ?which both prelate and people have reason.to be . proud and confident. Dr. M'vGhiven lias been seen in Macquarie street once more. He was evidently musing on the infinite (as a certain man used to say when he was thinking about Iris debts), and from the Doctor's tail pockets protruded a large official parchment. Of oourso this in itself: is nothing ; but the significant part oi' tho affair io this : the end of the document bore the strange inscription, ' Henri IX. Rex., F. D.' [Defender of the Faith]. More appointments are evidently at hand, and eyery one now slmdderingly asks : 'Who will be next— and next?' Being born to greatness is well enough in ils way, but to have greatness thrust upon one after ? ' ' the Davioo fashion must be something terrible. 'To bo abused, reviled, and burlesqued are all bad enough ; but to Have one's friends actually publicly explaining and apologizing as it were must cer tainly be the height of torture. No wonder John says Job was the greatest poet after all, and his favourite quotation is, 'Have pity on me, -at least you, my friends, have pity on -me.' H Mirams of Melbourne is an unfortunate also but of a different stamp. He has been trying' to ?work himself into greatness, but all his hopes have at last, vanished, and he ?will no longer put, his faith in Premiers. ' Had I sewed my country as well as I served Berry, I would now perhaps own a heap of scrip, or hold a country post office.' Such is the song of Mirams. It isn't burdened ?with too much originality, bub there's a deal of truth about it. ^Amongst the recent novelties started in America was that of an electric girl. This young lady was naturally highly charged with elec tricity, and anyone touching her would at once , receive a ohook that would prevent him from in truding himself again in a hurry, at leasfb unti^ the air seemed cooler. There was no Female Protection Association wanted about her vicinity _ Gf courso, such a strange wonder drew immensely, and she was visited by half the Continent. Young men from the country tripped gaily up, asked ' How d'ye do, Electra ?' reached out their hands, and then went over backwards and assaulted the floor with the back of their heads in a style that was utterly regardless of all ex pense. Baldheaded savants also tumbled up to see her, but they admired at quite a respectable distance. Electra doesn't lecture now, however. It seems the man who was employed down in tho cellar to keep the batteries in. order, by which the lady was secretly changed, struck for more wages. Electra's pa said seven and six per week was a small fortune ; but that man couldn't sec it, so he hacked his batteries off, and Electra now works joyfully along in a most respectable tohacoo-twistihg establishment. It doesn't pay quite so well as shocking people, but? they sa,y it's nice and healthy. What I have sees ia about eight and twenty : correct portraits of Ned Kelly, no two of the said portraits being even near enough to pass for brothers. Wjhat I want to see is tho photo of a bushranger who doesn't, wear a cabbagefcrae hat and a red shirt. It would seem these worthies havo a fashion of their own as strict aa that of a Parisian belle ; but I think the red shirt is rather too gaudy for a bushranger, and shows a want of correct taate. Kelly's idea of a tin shirt wns a great improvement. Like all other inventors, however, he wits before the age. Chief Justice Way of Adelaide innocently ob serves, ' I hold that a public writer is entitled to exercise fair and legitimate criticism.' How I'd like to see Mr. Way step over this way and try it ; because the clerks in the Insolvent Court are hungering just now for more work, and the Ade laide Judge would, I fancy, bo just tlie party to gjlre them some. Fair and legitimate criticism indeed ! Why an editor now can scarcely say 'Good day' in safety, because, if it is not a good day, he may bo charged with holding the clerk of the weather up to public ridicule. Only last week some journalist remarkod Lewis Scott wag to be the nest' C.M.G. This, of course was a deliberate libel, but £5000 seems an ex cessive charge. There are more ways of being ruined than one over hore, Mr. Way. You evi dently mean well, but you don't know. Humanv/iii est errcire. It is human to err. That's so. Solomon erred in all his glory, and Job slipped oven upon a dunghill. Antony erred by taking Cleopatra to the opera and the boat races, and Oanar should have stayed at home and dono somo whitewashing, or helped to clean the ' stove, or made himsolf unoful in some other ? flomeafcio \7a3r ao OalpiiuBiifi cugg&'gted, instead of polkaing'down'to the 'Oase as'he d'd and giving the undertakers a job. Coming down to our own days, Tyndall has made mistakes, Darwin has made mistakes, and old Huxley gels his living as it were by making mistakes and putting ' buttonors ' up to correcting them. Graham Berry has erred in divers ways ; and bo have tho Kelly gang most lamentably. Prootor has blundered frequently, and even infallibility itself, in tho person of Parkes, has tripped and fallen over all kinds of obstacles, from Kinma ghosts doAvn to pastoral poetry. This shows how weak is man, and how carefully he should place a guard over himself in all things — particularly in giving ' change ' and treading on sleeping banana Bkins. Some men err, and then immediately see the error. A slip of this character is simply venial. I saw a Post-Ofllee clerk err after this fashion last night. He picked up a lighted cigar, and abstractedly put the oilier end of it in his mouth asjjhe watched a game of billiards. It was not thero,|howev'er, when he left. He had perceived his error. This reminds'' me I have erred of late myself by observing that Manila was an island. Mr. Taylor, Superintendent of the Cable Company's shop at Xa Perouse, kindly informs me Manila is not an island. With the exception of this trifling inaccuracy, however, my statement is quite cor rect.^ Besides, Mr. Taylor f'forgel s to mention when he was at Manila last ; and. this is a most important feature ill; the case, because Manila is of volcanic descent, and as these eccentric places have a fullgrown earthquake about every half hour, it is lmrd to ' say what they really aro unless one is on the spot and makes obser vations. For instance, on Monday morning Manila may be a fine, flourishing city, con taining coffee palaces and tramways, and novelby shops and waxworks, and other luxuries ; suddenly an earthquake gives it a jolt tho whole of the outer rim is removed, and Manila is then an island. Tuesday morning finds ship ping arriving from all parts ; picnic excursions down the harbour are steaming off from its wharves ; orange stalls, brass-bands, Johnny wanders, and Friendly Societies skip gaily about its quays, and all is mirth and gladness. Pre sently another earthquake breaks out in a fresh place, and in two seconds all that is left to mark where Manila stood will be a few gas stoves, chickens, aldermen, and other city debris floating about ip all directions. By Saturday morning, a totally different style of earthquake will hoist Manila up again, and then its former tenants will swarm upon it3 sides once more and clean up and have everything straight and taut for the following Sunday. It is therefore quite impossible to deal in Manila matters w,ith anything like safety, and I cannot aocept Mr. Taylor's unsupported state ment. He knows all about cablegrams, and soundings, and such like diversions, and is a No 1 mail in general ; but ho must bring Manila hero, and prove his cms. Lastly, it is a lamentable faofc that it was rin experienced, gentleman (a great friend of Mr. Taylor's also) who gave me the wrong information which I used last week. The case is therefore dismissed with coats. By tho way, in speaking of tho above, telegraphic matters have mado big strides with us in a 1'ew years. Every littlo village whose population ex coed 3 six (including Chinamen) now boasts of an office. Tho total number of telegrams sent in ono year would, reach from here to the North Polo; and all tho clerks, I hoar, bocome baldhoadod after throe years' service. Thing3 were not always thus. In 18G0 thore was an important office up West, and trade wan so slack that if tho head cloetrician hadn't beon an inventive genius, the whole camp would have driftod into a sort of melancholy madnoss. One of this Faraday's in. ventions was an electrioal machine, and one of tho clork's principal diversions was a game called cat pool. It was very simple, and would bo a nioo amusement for the drawing-room. Each clerk caught a cat, put it down the log of a Wel lington boot, and then poked two wires in after it. These wires, were then connected to tho ma chine, and tho machine was turned on, and each cat received about fifty square shocks per second. Tho holder of the boot through which the first cat tore its way out, won the pool. It was a livoly gamo when the boo to wore good and tho cats jwero active, but rathor too intellectual for the average clerical mind, and the remarks of tho cats were fre quently quite unfit for publication. Upon one occasion a blackfellow trooped into tho office, and after discussing the theory of spontaneous generation and other topics of a like nature, the lord of tho soil requested tho boss to 'gib it chilling.' Mr. Faraday gave him a penny, and told him by holding it and a certain wire in one hand, and another wiro in the otlior, for ton miuutcs, the ponny would tfha'ngo to half-a-'ei'owa, The coloured gentle man didn't hold it quite 10 minutes, in fact the first shock laid him flat on his back, and then ho raced outside, filled his pockets with blue metal, and when he had done with that, de partment three clerks were wheeled to tho infir mary, and the office itself looked like a Maori Pa after the Royal Irish had ceased bombarding it. Now, however, the clerks in this busy office couldn't find tiiuc to stop outside to see a circus band or a dog fight. And a Government clerk will strain a point on those occasions. Love used to rule the court, tho eamp, the grove, but, it looks as if his trade had fallen off of late, and Rome is doing the ruling business. Lords, statesmen, lawyers, philosophers — all havo flocked over to her spiritual 'care, and now even the theatre ia following suit. Not only is Saul amongst the prophets, but Santley, the greatest baritone of tho modern stage, has joined their' ranks as well. With a Manning or a Newman for the sermon, a Gounod as organist, and Santley doing the Offevtoriuin, I should imagine there would be seats to .let in the chapels of most of our Dissenting brethren. Lastly, the Roman Catholics of Auckland have pur chased a Presbyterian Manse for tho use of some Benedictine priests. I wondor how Darwin's theory about tho survival of tho* fittest is thouglii of by the followers of the yellow flag down Auckland way. If .William, of tihe glorious memory, doesn't squirm in his grave when lie hears the above, lio'sinot tho William I thought he was. 