DRAMATIC. &c.; One of the best amateur theatrical per formances we have witnessed for some time was given on Monday night, October 18, in the Albert Hall attached to the German Clubhouse, Pirie-street. It was a German version of Byron's clever and ever- popular comedy of " Our Boys," very faithfully translated by Mr. O. Ziegler, who, while he rendered the dialogue into German, succeeded in retaining the smart hits and mannerisms of the principal characters occurring in the original. The spacious hall, which was neatly decorated, was crowded, and the frequent bursts of hearty laughter, followed by no less hearty applause, bore testimony to the faithfulness of the translation and the cleverness ef the acting. The performers were so well up in their parte that the prompter's post was not far from being a sinecure; and not only were the personatorsof the various parts correct as to the dialogue, but their conception of the ' characters they had to sustain was excellent. The play was to a certain extent localized, being transferred from England to Australia, and Middlewick the butterman's house was sup posod to be at Mount Lofty, while the country magnate's mansion was located at Mount Barker, and the lodging-bouse transferred to Melbourne. The 6cenery was neat and appropriate, and well managed, considering the comparatively limited space and appliances offered by the stage. There was a thoroughly efficient orchestra by gentleman amateurs under the leadership of Mr. W. Beed. The affair was in aid of the deooration fund of the hall, and jndging by the attendance the financial result was by no means disappointing. There was seme alteration in the names of the characters. For instance, Perkyn Middlewick was described on the programme as Hans MiddleBteuck (rentier, friiher Butter banaler), and the role was taken by Herr It. Zeigler, who made up with judgment, and played the part of the honest, warm-hearted, genuine, bnt vulgar butterman admirably. Sir Geoffrey Ohampneys was rendered into Baron von Morgenstein (squatter), performed by Herr H. Fischer, who quite looked the stiff and stately aristocrat of the old school, and acted in a way that won the well-deserved approbation of a pretty critical audience. Herr M. Heuzen roeder, as the Baron's supercilious son, was good; and Herr A. Menz, as the butterman's hopeful heir, Fritz, was equally good. Fraulien A. Pelzer was veiy natural as Viola Martin (eine ricbe Erbin), the wealthy heiress, throwing such spirit and foree into her acting that it was evident she had well studied the role, and entered thoroughly into the humour of the play. Fraulien B. Arm bruster gave a more aubdned rendering of the charaoter of Maria Martin (deren armeOousine), the poor cousin, and thereby displayed her judgment. Both ladies were applauded to the echo, and had to stand a perfect hail of bonqneta at the close of each act. Fran O. Ziegler appeared as Clarissa, the Baron's sister, and was successful in it. Fran Knick as Belinda (Dienstmaodchen in einen Logirhause) caused any amount of merriment by a clever impersonation of the typical maid-of-all-work. Altogether the entertainment was meritorious enough to run several nights, and the amateurs concerned in it, as well as those who originated the idea of giving " Our Boys" in German, de served the success they sought. Professor Pepper has entertained a number of appreciative audience at Garner's Theatre. The programme is admirably arranged from beginning to end, the spectators not only being treated to spectacular illusions calculated to excite their astonishment, but the taste for the intellectual is gratified by a- classical exhibition of most beautiful specimens of famous statues, so faithfully represented that they look like the solid marble. The romantic classical story of Pygmalion and Galatea was illustrated in so artistic a fashion that the audience cannot restrain their admira tion, bnt break into hearty acclamation. The ghost effects are very wonderful, and the Professor's cool, self-possessed, and withal humorous mode of explanation is no less entertaining. 