LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF A NEW CATHEDRAL. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday Evening. The foundation-stone of the Anglican Cathe- dral, which has been commenced on the St. Paul's site in Swauston-street, was laid by his Excellency the Governor this afternoon, with all the solemnity befitting so important an event. The building, as you will remember, is to be constructed upon the plans of Mr. Butterfield, an English architect of repute, under the superintendence of Messrs. Terry and Oakden, of this city. The present contract is for the foundations of the nave, chancel, and transcepts, and the organ chamber, and the cost is £6,000. The stone which was laid to-day is a fine block of Lethbridge bluestone 14 feet by 5 feet 6 inches and 18 inches thick. It rests at the south-west corner of four clustered piers to support the tower and spire, which will rise to a height of 275 feet. Brick and cement is being used in the construction of the foundation, but the cathedral itself is to be built of freestone of uniform color. Pro- vision had been made for a very large number of spectators, but the demand for which had been prepared for ticket- holders great, and a kind of stand was amply filled, principally by ladies. All the rest of the available space within the ground appeared to be pretty well occupied, and the roofs and windows of some of the large warehouses close by afforded too good a view of the ceremony to be neglected by those who had made up their minds to see it. The proceedings were commenced by a procession to the ground, headed by a large choir in surplices, under the direction of Mr. G. W. Torrance, musical doctor. Then came a considerable number of clergymen fully robed, the Chapter, the Dean, the Bishop and his Chapter, his Excellency the Governor and Captain La Patourel, the mem- bers of the Council of the Diocese, and the representatives of parishes. A hymn having been sung (307, Church Hymns), commencing "Christ is the foundation of the house we raise," appropriate prayers were read. A scroll with a Latin inscription, recording the dedica- tion and building of the cathedral, was then, together with the daily papers, the current coins of the realm, a bottle of wheat grown in the Goulburn Valley, and a number of docu- ments; placed in a leaden box, duly soldered up, and placed in a cavity of the stone. The hugo stone was slowly let down and laid by His Excellency in the usual manner. When he had done so he said, "I lay this foundation stone of a cathedral church to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, and to be called by the name of the Holy Apostle St. Paul, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." His Excel- lency then delivered an address. In the course of his remarks he said he hoped the cathedral would be a centre for the Church of England in this colony. Looking at the magnificent build ings which had been erected for public and other purposes in the city, he had sometimes thought that the commencement of a cathedial had been delayed too long. Be that as it might, a beginning had now been made, and no man, after putting his hand to the plough, should turn back. There had been no lack of money bestowed on the people of this colony, and having been dealt with so bountifully, they should not grudge their mite towards the cathedral. He trusted that the building would grow from day to day, from month to month, and from year to year, until completed, and that in the future our descendants might be ablo to point to it as a monument of the de- votion, the energy, aud the perseverance of their forefathers in the early days of Victoria. His Excellcncy was followed by the Bishop, of whose long and eloquent address I can give but a brief sketch, owing to the late hour at which the ceremony terminated. He commenced by referring to the uses of a cathedral, which was intended to be the centre of the energies of the Church of England, whether devotional or practical. Its primary purpose was not to be beautiful, but to assist those who entered it to lift up their minds to the Infinite. Loftiness and space were abso- lutely necessary in order to give effect to the most characteristic feature of cathedral worship. He commented on the lack of church music, and remarked that preaching in a cathedral had a tendency to make a man preach slowly and preach brief. He then proceeded to enlarge on the advantages of having the building in the city, not away on a hill, and he said he thought the sermons he had recently delivered would not have been so well attended had the church not been so centrally situated. Next he explained at some length the need of a chapter to advise the Bishop, and compared it to a cabinet in relation to the Governor. He pointed out that the ques- tion of site had been fully considered and settled, that the time for criticism had gone by, and the time for action had come. He concluded by earnestly hoping that the work would be pushed forward, and praying for a blessing upon it. The Chief Justice also ad- dressed the assemblage. Donations having been made, including one of a £1,000 from Mr. W. J. Clarke, the proceedings were closed with prayer. 