LETTERS ILLUSTRATIVE OF THE EARLY HISTORY OE THE COLONY. BY MR. GEORGE FLETCHER MOORE. (Continued.) Perth, October 20th, 1831. Set out on our expedition southward, the party consisting of Mr. Dale, Mr. Thompson, myself, and Sheridan, mounted on horses in rather an odd way. Those which Sheridan and I had were without sad- dles, which had been left behind ; we had for sub- stitutes our cloaks doubled under us, with rope stirrups, add in this way we rode 300 miles ! Mr. Dale's horse was the only one properly equipped. Mr. Thompson rode his own horse, which had a pad on him ; and each of us carried his proportion of provisions as well as his clothes, in saddle bags or other contrivances, with his gun slung across his shoulder. We passed over a beautiful country for seven miles, and halted during the middle of the day in a picturesque valley, in which we saw a singular cavern which had been discovered the preceding year. It is a large mass of granite form- ing the abrupt side of a hill on one part of the val- ley, and appearing as if the outer side wall had fallen away, and had left its length exposed ; its extreme end is a round figure, supposed to repre- sent the sun, with the impression of open hands round it. It appeared to us as if the rock had been covered with reddish pigment, and that the im- pressions had been formed by the friction of a stone on the rock. The roof is covered with what looks like the remains of a broken swallow's or hornet's nest. This cave is supposed to have been a place of worship ; yet I know not why, as the natives do not appear to have any object of veneration, nor is there any indication of a path leading to it. 21st.-Breakfasted at daylight, and traversed some beautiful pasture country to the site of Bev- erley (twenty miles). Went up a hill-line view and went down again. Former excursions had ter- minated here ; and the country was supposed to improve towards the south-here it is not good.... Touched upon the river again, and halted at noon to refresh. Walked across the bed of the river, which was dry, and ascended till we came to a deep pool, or reach, as it is called here, which proved to be salt ; and no fresh water was to be had for our horses or ourselves. Exceedingly puzzled, as the river was running fresh and strong where we had crossed it. The land here is of poor quality. Coarse herbage ; hard, barren-looking plains of whitish clay, covered with white gum trees, having a rusty tinge on the bark. Saw a native skulking away ; and had many a fruitless search after kangaroos. Saw a beautiful animal ; but, as it escaped into the hollow of a tree, could not ascertain whether it was a species of squirrel, weazel, or wild cat. Enter- tained great apprehensions of not finding water at night ; but found a fresh pool at last. Soil worse and worse : rather melancholy, remembering that my grant is situated somewhere on this day's progress. 22nd.-Started at seven a.m. Came to a long, deep, and narrow lake of fresh water, four miles in length, and eighty or a hundred yards in breadth, with an amazing number of ducks on it. Sheridan's calculation was quite Irish-" a thousand, sir, a hundred thousand, wouln't be missed out of them." Dale shot a black swan, and I swam for it, and tried the depth in several places, which I ascertained to be about six feet. The soil about it is indifferent. On its margin are samphire and the Hottentot fig (a species of sedum), which gives no indication of fresh water running into the lake. Met with a large na- tive dog, and chased another little animal, such as had escaped from us yesterday, into a hollow tree, where we captured it ; from the length of its tongue, and other circumstances, we conjecture that it is an ant-eater-its colour yellowish, barred with black and white streaks across the hinder part of the back ; its length about twelve inches. Found some water in pools and streams run- ning eastward, and the sod improving, but of sandy quality. 23rd.-The country improves. We met seven natives, who drew up in some surprise at the sight of four men on horseback-perhaps the first Euro- peans they had seen : we had just before disturbed an emu, of which they seemed to be in chase. At noon, having travelled twelve miles, we halted in a fine valley, with plenty of grass for our horses ; and having now made sixty miles in a S.S.E. line, we were, to our regret, obliged to return. Turned N.N. W. ; ascended a hill, which afforded an exten- sive view to the eastward of a level country ; but undulating to the south. Here were pools of water- courses and trees, which are supposed to be casuar- inas and acacias ; but neither mahogany nor gum trees. Saw two emus, many kangaroos, and shot a brace of cockatoos, which made no insignificant ap- pearance at our evening meal ; and we turned into our hammocks at nine o'clock. 24th.-Up at day-break, and followed the course of a considerable stream- probably the Avon : de- termined not to lose sight of it, and passed a waterfall, which rolled six feet over a granite rock, through a falling ground, with buttercups on its surface, and the acacia, bearing flowers like the laburnum. There are many bare downs visible from a hill near this, with green patches here and there. 25th.-Found that one of our horses had broken loose in the night, and had some trouble and diffi- culty in catching him. Passed rapidly over a bare tract, with here and there a white gum tree creep- ing like a ghost through the vistas. Found the running water in the river to be fresh ; but that standing in the pools, brackish. Followed the river, looking for its connection with the salt water lake; but could not find it : at length discovered the head of a salt water lake. It appears that the stream which we had followed for forty miles had ceased to flow, and become absorbed by the earth : this is one of the puzzles of the country. 26th.-Our provisions being almost gone, we breakfasted on the dust of biscuit, soaked in tea ; which was a slender preparation for the ensuiug fatigue of following the river's course for eight or nine miles to the spot where it disappears above the salt water lake. We contrived, however, to make out a dinner of cockatoos and the remains of the pork, with greens of the carduus or sow-thistle. Took a short march in a westerly direction, to ex- amine another stream, which proved to be the Avon, flowing strongly and deeply in some places, through tolerably verdant banks. It now appears, that all former observations as to the eligibility of location here, were upon mis- taken grounds ; and that the line must be changed. We wished to trace this line further ; but neither time nor the state of our provisions permitted us to do so. Turning, therefore, towards Mount Bake- well, we made a push to reach it by sunset, in which we happily succeeded, and enjoyed our tea and a good night's rest. 29th.-Mr. Johnston, who has charge of the Government settlers, having furnished us with twelve pounds of biscuit, to enable us to return and trace that branch of the Avon which we had so recently left, we started for the point of our former resting-place, and there surprised a native family, consisting of a man, woman, girl, and in- fant, who raised a sad outcry, although we used the most conciliating tones and gestures. As we rode away, the man set fire to the top of the grass trees, either as a signal to other natives, or for the purpose of terrifying our horses ; probably with the first object, as we soon afterwards saw two re- sponding fires. Here we took our bearings, and saw, at a considerable distance, Cut Down Hill. The stream at this spot is fresh, strong, and deep: the soil of middling quality. We fired seven shots at game ; but dined on salt pork. Came to a better tract, near or about which my grant may be supposed to lie-not far from a rising ground called Mount Sholl, from the likeness which it is supposed to bear to the bald head of a gentleman of that name. The plains are of stiff clay of different col- ours, with some varieties of sandy loam. Here the river dividing into two branches, we had to choose one which runs westerly..... Turned homewards by a tract more distant from the river, in hopes of discovering better land ; but it proved to be miser- ably bad-of white sand, bearing the mahogany tree-which satisfied us that we had again arrived at the Darling Range. Soon afterwards, however, we passed through a valley of better quality behind Mount Sholl, where we bivouacked, having first shot two cockatoos for supper. Oct. 1st.-Proceeded farther in a N.N.E. course, through very bad land, mere sand ; and at noon reached a rich valley, but not well watered. We here saw many kangaroos, and one native, skulking behind a tree ; and heard the screaming of native women and boys. As we approached the settlement, several of these people scampered off, uttering a word which sounded like " hunnyan ;" and we as- certained, subsequently, that a great number of them had been at the settlement the day before, with green boughs (we hope emblematic of peace) in their hands. (To be continued ) 