BUTLER'S CATECHISM. no. xx. - ' ' ; / In. our last we pointed out the disgraceful and imposing shuffle which'Butler Vaugh'an sand - Co/ practice; with which to deceive 'the little children in the "schools, oii/the 'subject of tho power of the priest to for give sins/ It is by this shuffle, however, that the Church stands. The Apostles received certain powers ; therefore the pastors of the Church/have received those powers" The Apostles had qualifications commensurate with those powers ; " therefore the priests; who' have not those qualifications, have the same powers. Christ said to John,' and James and Thomas and Peter, who were inspired and miraculously endowed men; I give you0 author ity to bind and loose sins, therefore Christ says the same thing to Father Vaughan, Father Sheri dan, and Father Hoolahan, who are not inspired men, ' and have no' 'miraculous gifls ! Surely a child " in the .Catholic 'schools, if it were permitted to think, would see the contemptible imposture in this. ' But the question is, why should the " pastors of the "Church,"' that is, " the priests and bisliops " be thus quietly sup posed to have the powers of the' Apostles without their qualifications ? / The answer given is another shuffle, " Because," say Butler, Vaughan Co.,' " the priests and bishops are the Apostles' successors !" But ;if the priests and bishops arc the Apostles' successors in the matter of forgiving sins; why not also in the matter of working miracles/and speaking- in many unknown tongues? Their powers to work miracles and to speak / in tongues were given as solemnly arid as explicitly as their powers to bind and loose in eartli and heaven. In neither case was anything said . about "successors." - : In neither case was 'a dis tinction made, that'the one set of powers was to be transmitted and the other not; Not a word occurs in either case to indi cate that/successors were concerned. Why; then, do the: priests and bishops assumj that tho powers to " bind and ' loose sinis " were involved in' the succession, but tliat the powers to " heal the sick and "rAise the dead and speak with tongues '' were not involved ? " Simply because they knew where they could ' shuffle and how the)' could deceive. It is easy to assume , the powers of " forgiving sins " and " binding or loosing in heaven," because the impos ture cannot be tested ; but if those priests and 'bishops wore, to assume the powers of healing the sick, raising tho dead and speaking with tongues, even the children in the Catholic "schools would pity, and scorn' the Church of their pastors. Now; the whole thing lies here / Where is the proof that the " pastors of- the .Church," that is,. " the priests and: bishops of the Romish t Church,'! have; the . .powers of the Apostles to bind and loose sin, in earth and ; heaven ?. Butler quotes ;a pas sage which does not touch the point; It proves that the Apostles had those powers; but it says not a word about, the priests and pastors having them. But the ques- tion is about the priests, and pastors, and not about the Apostles of old. If Christ had intended --that the Apostles should transmit their 'powers to successors, would He not ..have said so ? But He has not said so. Not" a word can be twisted into anything like His saying so. But it was most fit that He should say so, if this was His will. What is more remarkable is, that, the Apostles themselves never said so. They early began " to ordain elders in every city." They early began to pro vide for the; future pastors of the Church. Peter thought much about what should be necessary when he had put off his " tabernacle." And Raul was .very explicit about . the " faithful men " who . were to " follow after and be put into the ministry:" / Both ' of ' theni speak 1 very distinctly about-' what' those " successors " were to do, and about their qualifications. Paul lays down' with;, great particularity all about the qualifications and powers and privileges of tho presbyters and Wshpps : but, singular sto say, not a word does either of those apostles anywhere drop about the/ pastors having power to forgive sins ! But, according to: Butler, Vaughan & Co., "to forgive sin." is the great function of .the pastors of the Church. Washerwomen and liowdies may take out of : their ; hands ; the .power . to rogenerate and wash -away. -" original sin " and all otkev -sib: ''-by 'baptism ; but no one dare exorcise- the power of forgiving sin in the sacrament : of penance but the priests and bishops of the Church them selves. -It is -their high honour. It is their special privilege. It is their special power, and " infinitely greater than /the power " to preach the word;" or " rebuke," or "exhort." Yet, .when, the Apostles speak of the qualifications, .and powers of their : " successors,'-' the " pastors of the Church," they speak a great deal about their preaching, their teaching, their re buking,. and, their exhorting,-, but not a single, syllable or word about their having the power to forgive sin ! On the suppo sition that this " power " was to be trans mitted, such a fact is incredible ; but on the supposition that no such power was given to the " pastors," such a fact is exactly what we should expect to find; 1 our Catholic readers will consider this, we are certain that suspicion will cross their minds that tbe claim of their priests and bishops is a false and baseless one. :: If the little children in the schools could feel .themselves free to go to John xx. 22-23, the passage which Butler, quotes as a proof, they should feel indignant that such wicked deceit should be practised upon their credulity. But the next question in Butler's Catechism reveals, a little more than a shuffle : — , " What must , we do to obtain pardon of our sins in the sacrament of penance ? lt We must make a, good confession" Now, Butler is ..very ready in quoting John, xx. 22-23 to prove that the priests and bishops have power to forgive sins ; is it not strange that lie cannot produce some passage to prove " what we are to do in order to obtain the forgiveness, of . sins ? " Suppose that John xx; 22-23 did prove that the priest has power to forgive sins ; ought there not to he something very clear and full to .tell us what we must do to get his forgiveness ? . Governor Loftus has power, given . him , in the Queen's instruc tions to forgive criminals appointed to die; but tliose'instructions are very, clear indeed as to how the Governor is to exer cise that power and what are the condi tions attached . to tho exercise of that power. This is most reasonable'.', and necessary. Sir Henry Parkes and his ministry have certain powers ; but the way in which those powers are to .be exercised : is. clearly ' defined, and, in no other way than in accordance, with the rules and restrictions prescribed is the exercise of those powers either possible or legal. Why not also with tho priests ? If Christ has given the. pastors of the Church power to forgive sin, and if John xx. 22-23 be. the record of that gift of power, where is the passage which tells the priests how they are to ex;ercise that power, or the passage which tells the people ; what they must do. in . order to get the priest's for giveness? The Apostles as inspired and privileged men, /might be safely trusted to know/all this, and. to exercise their power righly and infallibly ; but the claim of the priests to exercise, this power, without such explicit instructions to guide them, atid without inspiration, is so impudent' a claim that every intelligent person should scout it. Butler says, " We must make a good confession in order.to .get the priest's for giveness." '/ Now, "should not the Bible have ' said : .that ? Should „ it not have defined . what a "good confession" is? And should we not be able to find in the Scripture some instance of ' the people: going to the priest, malcing a " good con fession, " and getting his forgiveness ? But the Bible says not a word about the people going to the priest — says not a word about what a " good confession , to the priest " is I . ;A " good confession !" What is it 1 Who will judge of it ? The Apostles of, old, by their inspiration, .could know a good confession ; could detect the hypo crite ; and could tell the pretended peni tent " You lie to the Holy Ghost so that here again the qualifications of. an apostle were needed for the exercise of th eqwwers of an Apostle ; but what do those miser able impostors, the priests and bishops of the Popish Church do, who pretend to exercise the powers of the Apostles with out their qualifications ? Why, they ask a good confession ; but they cannot tell when a good confession is made j and, if the penitent tells them lies in: confession, which they never know, they say that the sacrilege makes the forgiveness 'bestowed void and useless ! v. . Could anything be more pitiful and con temptible than this? Every item about it proves the imposture. And the whole is as gross an insult to God as it is pos sible to imagine. " A good confession." Ah ! there is no priest in the world who will define whatsit is. Butler did : not dare to do it. Dr. Vaughan will not dare to do it. If a "good confession" were to be openly explained, the whole world would cry shame, and the cursed thing would be crushed out for ever. The:; following is near a "good confession," on which the priest gives his forgiveness,: "Tell me' everything ; tell me your thoughts, your feelings, your desires. Tell' me ' your most secret tilings ; things of which it is a shame to speak. Let the wife toll me , all about her husband let the sweetheart tell me all- about lier lover ; let the servant tell me all about her mistress y . let the workman tell; me all about his master ; lot me, in fact, know every secret thing that l may : have the whole power over you j and if you are ashamed to tell me your secrets, put the shame away ; if modesty : makes, . you shudder to speak about' your feelings to: a< bachelor priest, consider that such modesty, ought to be destroyed ; blush not, tremble not, shrink not ; it is viktue to give your conscience to the priest!" Yes, "good confession !" . Our Subscribers and Agents.— We beg. once more to remind cur friends and - agents in the conntry, who have reeeived their bills, that we are asking them to pay their amounts. We" thank our many friends who send their amounts: qharterly, several of them in advance,- as soon as we intimate that the qaurter is due ; but wo have to complain that those defaulters who re ceive their bills by post showing how far they are behind, neglect their duty' and withhold their money. They ought to pay their debts when they are asked and not incur any further expense. Our Friend Dan Again.— Mr. Daniel O'Connor, who takes in hand to right all wrongs in Church and State, and to manage famine funds and chapel buildings for "his Grace," into the bargain, could not refrain from showing his face in the Revision. Court, where, as a member of Parliament, lie hod ho lawful busi ness.: Still he could not be absent, "lost the " Catholic Union " of " his Grace " should -not' get on without his influence. He i3 very anxious about the " Catholic vote.". He foresees its power some day. He would like to see "his Grace's" power multiplied by ' every Irishman being "organized." But the question is, Ought hot ' Mr. Dan to reverence the law rather than his Grace ? As a law-maker, ought he not to set the example of keeping the law ? He is one ; of the " collective wisdom of Mac- quarie-street," who pass laws ; ought he .not, aherefore, to study the laws, and know that ho has no business in Revision Courts ? It appears not. Mr. Dan is like all his brethren : the Church is first, and the State is afterwards. ' Grace " is higher than the Parliament. And the " Catholic Uuion" organization is the last craze which occupies the attention of the honorable gentleman. Did Mr. Dan's presence vitiate tho Court; or is there no penalty If or officious intruders ? Tbo Sydney Bench Redeemed.— if. the bench of magistrates liavo been open to censure for their many misdeeds and foolish leniency to publicans and brewers, they ought to get praise !? il i y ta e a stand which serves the city, and helps all virtuous citizens in their efforts to crush out vice. The work of the Sydney bench last week, notwithstanding the eloquence of Mr. Gannon and the help of Sir George Inncs, iii refusing the licenses of half-a-dozen of the worst taverns in Sydney, was a splendid work. The police deserved praise for their courage and zeal m getting up the cases. - They were cer tainly moat flagrant cases ; but because of their position in the main streets and their influent tial surroundings, it was a bold' stroke to drag them out to the light and take the steps to de prive them of their licenses. ; Tliey have been rewarded by successs. And tho bench did well in concurring with the police. The; majority of the magistrates took a right view ' of . their powers and wisely: exercised'them. We regret that so large a minority were on the side of pub- hcans who had rendered themselves unworthy of holding a license.' But the exposure shows What public-houses are, and what the past Pub licans Act has been doing for the city. The houses named, and now doomed to be sup pressed, were centres of iniquity too appalling to be thought of. The painted, dressed-up damsel that used to flaunt about their doors told pretty well what kind of houses were kept within, but no ono but the police could have dreamed that such flagrant vice was being fostered in our midst, under the wings of the Publicans' Act. Of course Mr. Gannon and the other lawyers .who pleaded and promised better behaviour, did not eare for the disgrace which such places were bringing on tho city, nor for the demoralization which they were sending forth among the youth' of tlio people. What they care for is their fees ; and their haggling about the law, in theface of the facts which is proved beyond- all question that such houses ' 'should -be suppressed, ' only > confirms the opinion which -is generally'-held about the gentlemen concerned, that-' it -is- hard to be a lawyer on the side ofvirtiie.— The Bench' and- the police have done well ; 'but' there is plenty of the samo kind'of.work yet to be dotie. The houses, which had been exposed and sup pressed are not a; tenth of tho same kind which need the same application of the besom. There are some in King-street, . and some iu '. Castle- reagh-streot, aiid same in Pitt-street—" all round the theatres," that are not much better. Those suppressed and those, remaining, now Hiat the facts are known, tell very plainly what: a school of morals theatres arc. ; Like draws -to. like, and both fester together and; foster each other? ,/ . Mr. "Fitzpatrlcic . Beaton.— sir" Henry Parkes ought to .be .thankful to Mr.: Fitzpatrick, the leader of the Opposition, for, giving him. a hew 'victory,, which greatly adds strength to his side.; ,' Everybody biit Mr. Fitzpatrick himr self aiad the, few"; who.; hang oh to him in the hope "that their turn will come ,by and 'bye, saw the blunder of the notice of motion. He stopped the business. , .. He angered some > of ; his .' friends even. And' lie '.exposed himself ' to criticism, which, no, donbt, . has vexcd!;'aiid worried hini ;" but he did one .thing, more— he helped " to rally Sir Hciiry Parkes's! friends!' and to give him a. victory which' ought to' make/the leader of: the , Oppodtioii fuelvery smalk lt waa iii vaiii that he. gave as, his reason tliat he did hot want to disturb' the Government. ' No other issue could liaye followed if lie - had ..carried his point: "It was in 'vain that , he gavqas, his reason tliat. lie, did not .'wish '.to displace!, the, Government', , be cause of the "bigotry in the comimmityagiunst his Cliurcli.'' ' Tliat excuse can't'serve, him! ' , If', there be any bigotry in the community against' his Church, his CHurch is the sole cause : but the'qucstion of bigotry and tho Church has no thing to do with his foolish ' "nio vh to censure the Government for a thing , which , did not de serve eny censure. Mr. Fitzpatrick must be a bettor general. He must not always bo hanging on the lieels of the .enemy like, a party of sharp shooters. He must' wait for his grand chance. Ho must seek a good occasion, worthy of a battle. And then ho must fairly meet the enemy and conquer him if lie can. , ' Tho Uniyorsity Seat.--Tbe, jubilation of Freeman and his. rival, th a : Express, over the, election of Mr. Forster, . is rather . amusing. Of course, it , is this— not that ; these rtraducers of everything for. the sake of the Church . oaro for Mr. Forster ; but they thinkthat'they.liave got a slap at Sir Henry Parkes. ' Thcy hate Parkes because of the Public Schools Act;; they hato him. for the Church and SchoolLands Bill pthey hate liini because he .will; not consider the great- : ness of Dr. Vaughan, and court his favour iu. the " Catholic vote ;" and, therefore, as their grfuning malignity: cannot touch the Premier,, and cannot e veil disturb him, they rejoice with ; an exceeding great , jay. wlieu . even , so, insignifi cant. a thing: as a , refusal, to give him aseaV on the University, Seuate lias; beeb expressed by two of 'the, University, graduates 1 , Wo arc quite; sure, that Sir Henry Parkes does not grudge the grinuing of the two, Papal imps.. Wo are cer tain that, as he did not. covet" tho seat on the University i Seuate, lie,, is; not . greatly , broken hearted about the loss of it i: and, especially, ; he cannot bo very greatly anuoyed when .the whole election proved itself to be so heartless au affair. Many, no doubt, of the graduates., felt- that either would do, as there are many among ; them who respoct Mr. . ;Forster on grounds, ' far more honourable ' than that of making him a "stick", with which to beat the.,Premier ; those did not care which way it went, and there fore they did not trouble themselves oven .to go up to, the poll. Again, it was most unfortunate that' Sir Henry ; Parkes.: was -brought, wholly unintentionally, out at such a time, ; as it gave the appearance of hostility to Mr. .Forster, whereas Sir Henry Parkes could not possibly have any such feeling. Somo of the graduates,, there fore, fearing to give countenauce to the supposed ! feeling of .hostility, refrained from giving their vote for either. Mr. Forster's friends thus got every vote that -thoy could hunt up ;. and what did they: get? ;, Only thirty out 0f. one hundred and seventy-eight 1 And Sir Henry Parkes lost his election by only two — getting only twenty, eight ! Over this thing these two, Papal organs play a Te Damn. Verily they are. hard up for Ta Daums. Tho whole election has proved that the enemies of the University, who have sought to deprive it of its seat altogether, were not far wrong when they said that the graduates them selves did not appreciate the honour of their Alma Mater haviug a seat at her disposal. — But how funny that tlio tsvo Papal organs should play Ta Damns and Jubilates on the victory of Mr. Forster by two votes, when, if they had any honesty ib tliem, they would say, that they hate Mr. Forster and Sir Henry Parkes alike, " only Sir Henry Parkcs tho most." Mr. Forster is a secularist of a far more pronounced type than Sir Henry Parkes is ; yet the Papal jaws are near breaking with rejoicing over Mr. Forster's1 vic tory. Mr. Forster has had his day of Papal hatred," of 'priestly vituperation, of altar cursing, and of Freeman slander; but behold the Papal leaders are ready to embrace and kiss with harlot kisses because he lias got two Uni versity lads to give him their votes ! Why all this ? Oh, only because they hate Sir Henry Parkes.; -The Express must hate hiin because it is" the " Archbishop's paper!" ; and it cannot forget that 'Sir Henry Parkes has spoken about s ' ' seditious hierarch. " And Freeman, poor thing, is on its knees' to get the blessing of the seditious hierarch ;' therefore it meekly joins in, as a bass, or a contralto, in the new song of gladness on Mr. Forster's success ! Tho Ro Vision Courts. — The reports ol the doings of the Revision Courts tell the tale which we kuow would be told, when tho "Catholic Union " and the " Head Centre Organisation of St. Mary's " came into play. A few weeks ago we exposed tho telegraphic communication be tween St. Mary's and Bathurst, through the head centre there, Hcydon, tho solicitor. The plot was revealed, although the instructions were in Papal cipher. All the Hoolahans, O'Tools, O'Bradys, ., and Carahars in the dis trict of Bathurst were set a-going ' to get up votes and amend lists. They were very sue-: cessful, "considering their anxiety ! And now, due cpurso, we find tlio "head centie," in the function of a solicitor of tlio Court, appearing, for the so-called applicants before the bench at' Bathurst. The number of " refusals " could hot' but lie rather disheartening to liim, as that horrid society, the Orangemen, had got on the trail of the Popish plotters, and defeated their little game. — At Mudgee the same game was played, and the same defeat experienced. A list, said to have been got up by one of the elerks of the Court at'1 Gulgong, came before the . bench at Mudgee. Every name was refused, as there was something strange about the list and; about the vote; aud about Its lying in the desk of ' some Court official, who ought to have had something else to; do than to lie writing lists of questionable applicants : but oh, horrible to relate, a list of applicants which had been sent in by_ those horrid Orangemen "at Mudgee was sustained, and every namo admitted to vote I — The Sydney game was played badly. The police were too acute for tho Catholic minority. They traced out that many of the applicants irom the St. Mary's fold were mere boys. Tliey'traced out that at the addresses given no such persons lived as were alleged. They traced out that one lodging-house of very small dimensions had an immonse capacity for would-be Catholic Union' voters. One " lady," she must have been trained at St. Angelo, North Shore, gave ' forty names of would-bo voters ' living in lier house; and; when she was asked, " Where do you put' them All in this small - house?" she was ready with ' the J esuitical wisdom ' of her teachers, ' ;".,Oh, the most of them are up the country just now; 'but they -will.be all down as soon as they are' wanted !" ' The Marist Brothers liad a claim in for votes ; but, ' some why or other, and for - some reason which; doubtless; could not bear the light, 'the holy \ fraternity 'beat' a: retreat,: and withdrew;-; 'their- ha'mes i' ' ; The profit to' the Church has not been much; hut the vigilance of the police is chielly to be thauked for the satis factory result.- — Tho ' game ' was played up' at DeDiliquin with only partial 'success. Iu fact, all over 'the 'country the eneriiy ' has been at work,' and his hand is- shown. Tlie thing was a ' first attempt du'a plaii'. The partial Success will' be' a reason for more perf eet plotting oh : another ' 'oocdsiohl,-'.."'-;Butl. ineauwhile, is there nothing hero taught about the ; morality "of Jesuit teaching ? -False votes,' 'false voters; and room ' for successful persbhatioii,' are acceptable means to help the Jesuitical trickery which the Church . is- wishing. Free institutions aro always in danger when they are in the hands of Popish' plotters; They will corrupt the community, they will -corrupt tho ballot box, they will corrupt the Parliament, if the Church may bo -served. Ought not Protestants to he more aivake. They ' trust the devil for truth when thoy trust the manipulators of the Catholic vote. \- Tlio Rnlisli Liberals.— The difficulties of the Liberals, in their new position, have begun. When thoy wore in the cold shades of the Opposition, in the House of Commons, they had a sort of i-bond with each other, .'and they- had the unity at least of attacking the Govern ment. But now that they have crossed the floor of tho House, they scarcely know what to do .with themselves. Their inherent weakness appears! " They already find that it is one thing to1 pull down, and another tiling to build up: The QuCen has hesitated to ask Mr. Gladstone :to undertake the formation of' a Ministry'; - but at length she has yielded ; but now that the chief appointments have been made and the Radicals1 have beCn left out, that important detachment ;of-'tho Liberal host shows signs already of mutiny and revenge. This iB what wo ex pected, at least, feared. There was an under standing among tho internal divisions of the Liberal camp to turn out Beaeonsfield and seize the reins of power; hut there was no" understanding about the division of the spoils and the distribution of t.he rewards of place ; and so now, the grumbling has begun; and already Gladstone has' trouble on- hand. - To us' the matter is one of very small interest whether : Tories or Whigs rule, if the rule bo ono of vigour aud advancement ; but what we sec is, that the HomoRulers and the Radicals, who- can easily uirte to gain an object, can also split to gain another object. Let the Radicals break away from'Gladstono ; and let the Home Rulers make a bargain with them ; and what will tho comfort of Gladstone be, unless, for the sake of retaining place, lie fields to tneir pressure for selfish purposes V -We should have been glad, if the new Government had embraced the strength of the Liberals and the Radicals, that at least tho Home Rulers might be reduced to nothing. Then there would liavobeeusome hope of more stability and result. Thern is at present poor prospect. Sedition-mongers from Ireland of the Parnoll breed must be jubilant; for ' England's ex tremity is Ireland's opportunity ! " TllO Usual Brag.— Dr. Vaughan is fond of bragging. One thing he is always repeating, that his poor peoplo give such large sums for tho building of his chapels and schools. At the new school, Forest Lodge, he harped on the same string, and said, Sec what - zeal the Catholics have 1 See their faith 1 See their desire to give the children real religious education ! Now, the boast might he worth listening to, if the money raised were raised as the freowill|offeriugs of the people ; but when it is known \vhat methods are resorted to to extort tho money out of an unwilling people, the sums become, not a monu ment of faitn on the part of the people, - but a monument of shailie on the part of the priests. Look at this : The priest hunts out the poor people, and with book in hand, he enters the house of every Catholic in the neighbourhood. Ho calls, or gets some roliable henchman to call; aud he does not ask the ' people how much will you give ; but he assesses tho people at so much eaoh, and compels thorn to pay by the force of that authority- which will brook ho denial. As an example, wo give the following, which happened the other day, and wc give it from an eye-witness. A well-known priest, book in hand, going through his parish, aud hunting out his sheep, came upon a poor woman, a widow with two children, who gets her living by scrubbing and. washiug among Protestant families near by. A neighbour woman, also a ' Papist, was in the house at tho time. Enters tho priest : " Oh Mrs. glad to see you : and you too," turning to the other sheep. " Caught two at once. I am after money for my ' chapel and'sehooi. We must havo good, Catholic,' ' ' religious education. You " (speaking to the. ono woman) " I shall put down for a pound, which you will pay within a week. And you " (turn- ing to the other) "will give a pound also." . " We cannot,"' said the women, " We have hot a pound between us,' and we cannot" spare it!" "Oh," said the priest, ."youmust spare it, and , if you havo not got it, you ihiist get' it by tho time I tell you.- His 'Grace must have it, and we must have schools." The women rontons- . trated in vain, and the priest went off laughing, with the wink that he would give ."them the. value of it in" another way ! Purgatory and the ' confessional— the sacraments and the penances of the priest were the things referred to as worth tho pound thus extorted by priestly 'impudence; — We give another illustration of how the priest extorts money. This' also is a fact from' the mistress concerned. A priest, book in hand,' called at the mansion of Mr. Two of., the female servants were Papists! and the gardener also was ono of tho faithful. As the' priest approached the house, the gardener was , m the grounds in front. Seeing' the- priest coming, no dodged behind the shrubbery, that he mighty escape, as he guessed in a 'moment what " his reverence " was after. The priest, going on to, the door, rang. A maid opened the." door, " Good morning, Miss — — . I want ; money for my school. " Your roveronoe," said the girl, "I cannot give anything, as my wages' aro small,' aud I have my parents to ' help.'" " Nonsense ; you must give: his Grace .must, havo it for the children." " But I have nothing at present," 'said the girl. " Well;'' roplied-the priest, you must borrow it from the mistress. I must have a pound." " What other Catholic : servants are' herc ?" asked his reverence! '"-One ; other," said the girl. " Well, bring her here,". , demanded the priest. And so the other girl came, and both were compelled by that authority which a 'priest can ' wield; and which"' Popish' girls cannot refuse, to borrow a pound each, that the priest might be satisfied. Ab the priest was turning away, he said— " Oh, what religion is the gardener,? " for ho had noticed tho man shuiking among the bushes. " Ho is a Catholic," ' said the girl.- "All," said the priest ; " I see : call him," Tho. wretched gardener, who-by this .time had got behind into tho kitchen, was' ac cordingly summoned .'by tho girls—' His' reverence wants you." Tho man appeared, and his confusion betrayed that hb had been illustrat- ' ing his faith and charity by trying to save'hia money by, a little dodging : and the priest looked at him as one does who has caught a skulker. "Now Mick,- T-saw you dodging," said -he; I intended to make you pay only one pound.; but for your cleverness in evading your duty! I will make you' pay twoi pounds to - my school." The man was horrified at the severity of the penanCe ; but there was no' use in kicking against the pricks. The mistress Svas the' treasurer ;- the money was borrowed ; and tho money was paid ! — Now these are facts. We could givo others,' ' But they are 'splendid specimens of Papal " faith," and of how the poor people give liber ally. Wo know of tables at the door ; wo know of calling out names 'from the altar; we know of penances which are called alms; we know of cruel exactions from widows aud children ; aud" .we know of bedside terms for the sick. Call : this " faith." It is satanio tyranny. : W"0ll Done Bathurst.— We take the fol lowing three disgraceful instauccs of Popish plotting for votes, as exposed in the Bathurst 'Rovision Court, and exposed by tbe watchful diligence of the Protestant friends iu that'City ;of the West. Our readers know that tho Popish Head-Centro, Hcydon the solicitor, set a-going his subordinates throughout the district; to get .up votes and organize; and, by chance, we got aud- published one of his secret instruction letters. Well : this same Hcydon, .when the time for revision arrived, "appeared " for the applicants, and did his best to multiply: the ' Popish vote. Wo take the following from the newspapers'' reports of - the proceedings :— An - applicant for a vote, named Louis Francis Hoy-; don (we supposo ono of the Heydou family), appeared;, and stated -that he claimed a vote on ' the ground that he had a free-soleetion iu the diatriot : but it was found by the diligont Pro- testaut boys that the said' Heydon had ho legal right to the selection as its owner, and therefore his claim for the voto was refused. Another " faithful sheep " appeared to claim 'a vote. His' tiame was James Leonard. Ho swore that he was of age, but he could not tell the date of his birth. His father also sworo that he was 22 years old ; but not even he could tell the date of his birth. "But the Protestant boys proved that he had admitted to another person that he was only 19 years old. Tho lad was rc- called ; but he averred that lie did not remember that ho had said so : but the person to whom he had said it positively affirmed the fact. The vole was re fused.. Again, another, well-known Popish sheep appeared, named Thomas Dalton, freehold. This gentleman; many years ago, had , sold the so-called "freehold but the name somehow had continued on tho electoral roll. It was stated that, it had been put on live years ago at the instance of the late Mr. Kenna. . This, of course, was when Mr. ICenna was a " good Catholic," and a "friend of the Bishop," and before his eyes had been opened by the Public schools.: Not, only, therefore, was the name of Mr. Thomas Dalton still kept on the roll, althbugh'the freehold had five years before been sold; but the name of Mr. James Dalton, another Popish sheep, who also had parted with his property five years ago, had been somehow kept on the roll— entitling these two to two Catholic votes in Bathurst ! Mr. Heydon, the Head-Centre of the Catholic Union movement to get votes, apologised for and excused the " mistake " by which those two votes had been illegally kept on the roll. The Protestant hoys made this '" Dalton Brothors ' " secret public ; and both names were struck off, and the two votes— which probably had been useful on several occasions to the Church— were finally lost. Good work this! The Protestant j boys deserve thanks. 