HERlt BANDMANN AT THE Ol'ERA HOUSE. Hie re-appearance before the .Sydney public, after many years' absence from Australia, of Herr Bandmauu in the character of Hamlet attracted a very large nudieuce to the Sydney Opera House oil naiuriiny evening. Herr Unndmnnn was, as is usual on llie re-appearance of a public favourite, accorded a most enthusiastic reception, and in the course of the |ierforiiinnce wns frequently loudly applauded and had to appear before the curtain at tho end of each. act. There is one thing on Wliich Herr Rnndnmnn n a lie warmly congratulated, and that is the great progress he has made in the mas tery of the English language since his last appear ance here, some ten or a dozen years ago ; and although he is to llmt extent an older man liis histrionic powers have been in no way impaired. His reading of the character of Hamlet is different to that adopted by most modem actors, and savours strongly of the older and more legitimate slyle to which our forefathers were accustomed. His make-up on Saturday even- ing was less juvenile tnan is now common, but at the same time was well in keeping with the general tone of melancholy winch distinguished the impersonation. In Hie conversational uortions or the play he was most successful, making all tho subtle points wliich Shakspeare so liberally intro duced with keen effect. Tho soliloquies were, however, for the most part delivered with un amount of deliberation to wliich modern audiences are as a rule unaccustomed. Notwithstanding this, however, tjiey were highly meritorious from an elocutionary point of view, and taken as a whole the -interpretation of the part was well worthy of the high reputation of Mr. Buiidmann, and the great applause with which it was received. One of the most important and at. thu same time pleasing features of the performance was the first appearance in Australia of Miss Louise Beaudct, a young American actress of high repute, who arrived recently from San Francisco under en gagement to Herr Buiidmann. She was very cor dially received, and had not got through her first short scene ns Ophelia before it was manifest that ill her .the Australian stage had gained a very great ' acquisition. Miss Bemt- det has many very great advantages that mast tend io elevate her in her profession. ' She is young, and her appearance, both us to face and - figure, is unexceptionable, She has a good voic", with capital articulation, mid altogether free from mannerism. That she has been a close student of the histrionic art was evident by the almost perfect rendering she gave of the character of Hie unhappy daughter of Polo- niiH, nnd more especially >o by the pathetic man- tici in which she treated the mad scone. Ill fact, mi her exit from the stage, the general verdict was that she was one of tlai best exponents of tho cha racter that 1ms ever been semi in Sydney. Ophelia Is a character which severely tests lhe capabilities of an actress, ami a lady who can go through the ordeal as Miss Beaudet did must have exceptional abilities, and her appearance in other charac ters will be anticipated with interest. The Ghost was played by another old favourite, Mr. William Iloskins, who, when lie appeared, although in this peculiar part, was so long nnd loudly applauded that the action of the play was delayed while he was wel comed back. No one was surprised to find the character raised above the ordinary level by Mr. Iioskins. It is loo much the custom to regard the Ghost as a part which anyone can play, and hence the fact that so many wretched " Ghosts " have walked the stage. By allotting the character to Mr. Hoskins, Herr Randmnnn proved that he lias a proper appreciation of its importance, nnd Mr. Hoskins evinced the same by the admirable delivery of the text. Mr. J. F. Cathcnrt, an other old favourite, played the part of the King with marked effect, and wns nblv seconded by- Miss Doey Mniuwnting, who, although she looked a little too young to be the mother of Hamlet ns represented by Heir Rnndmnnn. acted with much ability, nnd did her best to infuse into the character the requisite amount of queenly grace to which it is entitled. Mr. II. N. Douglas made an excellent Laertes — a part which he has fre quently appeared in before to Hie satisfac tion of his audiences. Mr. .1, Hnsker ns l'olonins was fairly successful, while Mr. Sam Howard made a capital grave-digger. Tho re mainder of the characters were creditably filled. The scenery nnd appointments bore evidence of hasty preparation, but ns the company only took possession late on Friday night, it was surprising that the play was so successfully put on the stage. Some new and peculiar scenic effects were intro duced, which, under t lie more favourable circum stances of longer time for preparation, will add to the attraction of the performance. 