LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. Tho ceremony of placing in its position the memorial stono of the new Cathedral of St. rani's, which is to bo erected in Swanston-street, was performed yesterday afternoon, by his Excel lency the Governor, with the accompaniment cf the appropriate rerriccs prescribed in the'ntuai or the Church of England. There was a very largo crowd preseat within tho enclosure, a consider able number of whom ' favored by the pos session of invitation cards occupying scats upon a platform erected oa the eastern and southern sides of tho stone. Yi'hcn the proceedings had commenced tho public wore admitted, about 5000 persons aurrounding .the site, and the positions of advantago offered by tho neigh boring houses wore availed of by many more wbo were enabled to view tho eoremony. The clergy of tho Church of England was numerously repre sented ; several of the studonts at Trinity Collogc were present in . academical robes, and tho scholars of the seminaries of the ehurch mustered in considerable force. -The Mayor and aldermen and" cetmcillCnr cf "Melta cmo wcru" nccordod a special portion .ot the reserved accommodation opposite tho dais, uron which tho Governor, tho Bishop, ' tho Dean, tho members of the council of tho 'dioccso and somo of tho leading lay adherents worp , stationed, and. other ladies and gentlemen were sorted , in close, proximity.. A largo choir, which represented tho united strength of the 'churches in and around Alclfcourne. rendered tho musical portion of the service under tho direction of tho Rov. Dr. Torrance, tho Doah reciting tho prayers. . With the exception of a' slight shower of rain, tho weather was favorable. At half-past threo o'clock the procession from tho church entered tho re- servo in tho following onlcr : — Tlio choir, tho, clergy, the Chapter, the Dean, the Bishop and his chaplain, the Governor and his private secretary, Captain Lff r.iimireT, Hie Mayor and 'shite, tho members of tlie : council . of .the dioceso not on tlio chapter, and the representatives of rarishes. Tho servico at etice commenced, and after tho singing of a hymn, tlio offering up. of a prayer, and the chanting of psalms,' preparations were mado for lowering tho.slone. A leaden caso was closed and deposited in a cavity in 'the bed upon which tho stono was to rest. It con-, tabled copies of tho following: — Of tho Churdi of F.ngland Messenger for tho current month ; the Alelbourno daily papers of that day's date ; of tho University Calendar; tho Acta: of the Church of England Assembly ; tho statistics of tho diocese, and tho ordor of tho proceedings to bo observed at tho ceremony ; a- bottle of wheat, grown at . Rushworth, , in tho Goul- bnrn valley; tho 'current coins of tho realm," and a scroll upon which tha followbsg wa3 eugro3scd : — " Ad Sttmmi Dei, gloriam ct lio- norom. Ad Fiiii ejus mortom ot rcsurrectionem usque dum redcat. Perpetua mcmoria prose quendum ct ad fidem scmcl sanctus traditam con- scrvandum. Hunc lapidem angularum Eccle- siio Cathcdraiis in Urho Atelbninso. Sub Bcati Panli auspicio. Posuit vir optimus Dominus do Normanby, G.C.Al.G., circumstantibus. Jacobo Afoorhouso, S. T. P. cpiscopo, Guliolmo Foster Stawell, arinigoro, j usticiario principal!, llusscy Bnrgh ' Alacartncy, dcoanio. Nccnon ct 'clerb populoqne. Dio Aprilis tcrtio decimo, a.p." MDCCCLXXX. Adsit Dcus propitins ct redifi- cando operfnsquo ad cscitum faviat.'' The scroll was read by Dr. Hcarn, Chancellor . of tho dioceso. Ilis Excellency was prcsctited ., with a ; silver trowel suitably inserihcil, and tho ; mortar having bccn lr.ld tlio. stono was loworcd ; into its position. When-tested and found to bo truly laidjhis Excellency tapped it with a mallet and in doing so ho said :— "I lay this foundation : stone of a Cathedral Church, to bo dedicated to tho servico of Almighty God, anil to b© called by the name of the Holy Apostlo St. .Paul, in tho name of thft Father, "nnd of tho Soil, and of tlie Holy Ghost." After further engagement .in . prayer, and the chanting of psalms, and during the collection of offerings, , ' : His Excolloncr tho Gorcmor said ;— A!y Lonl Bishop, tho clergy, and thochaptcr of the diocese. I thank you for having given mo tho opportunity of being present on so auspicious an occasion;, as' this is. Ladies nnd gentlemen, Tyo arc hero gathered together to-day to lay tlio foundation stono of a cathedral for tho city of Melbourne, to ho dedicated to tho service of Almighty Gotl, and I trust it will bo tho point around which the Church of England in this colony may long contre. This edifice which is now begun will, wo hope, remain n memorial of this day's work from generation to generation. On . looking around tbiB great city of Melbourne, and seoing so many buiidingB which havo . boon erected both publicly nnd privately, 'I may havo sometimes thought that tho T commencement -of . a cathedral had been too long delayed. 13o that as it may, tho work has now begun, and as no man should turn hack- from the plough, I would urgo that all should- contribute to the best of their means., I.fJiould.ill judgo tho character of tho people of .Vioterin if I thought there would be any lack of funds -to finish thin groat under taking. God has bcon bountifui imlocd in tho way in which ho has blosseil this colony, and I am sure nono should grudgo to pay back to his servico,, a small mito of that which he has so bountifully bestowed upon them. I trust that tho cathedral will grow froiu day to day, from month to - month, and - from', yonr to. year. .Cathedrals ore not edifices which aro erected in a day; and wo all know whUo' looking - at llioso . beautiful- monuments of an tiquity which wo havo in tho old country; that all of them havo taken years to build, and' many of them, I might- even say, centuries. But'lot the work go steadily on-; let all apply the best means they havo in their power to advance it, and when tho building is completed let it be that edifice which.we may all hope it to bo, so that in future generations nnd in long yciirs to ctnho your posterivy may jrnint to this cathedral - and say, "This is a monumont oi the dcrotibn, energy and pcrsoveranco of our forefathers in the early days of the colony.!' - ; ' - i - . ; BLdiop Moorhouso 'spoko as. follows It is thought desirable that on this auspicious occasion I should say to you a few words on tho uses of a cathedral foundation, of this building, of its ser vices and of its chapter. Tho building is a groat, clthrch, which is. intended to bo the contre and , home of tho church's highest energies, devotional, ' consultative , nnd-.i-rdcttoul ; and it is- called a cathedral because, as being symbolical of the afore named tact, tlie bishop's cathedra or chair ta set therein. , It, is built, then, as you .will : readily see, riot primarily-to look beautiful in tho eyes of thoso who pass by it (though, of course, this also should be up to the means- of - its builders), but primarily to afford help to thoso who enter it, in raising thc-ir thought# 'to, tho InBnitc, a'ml; in stirring within thom ' tlio emotions of awo and reverence for these works it must hare size, and especially loftiness ; the julig perspective, tbo dinvvastness, in which the miriil can - soar and expand, in which "it Can sea a Symbol of the eternal, the mysterious, tho divine., l'ho first thing therefore to bo thought of is tho interior, and if -decoration ho impossible along with tiiia largeness of dimeusion and stateiincss .of form, decoration. -must be- aban doned. Again, loftiness is necessary to 'give an effect to lhatwhich is on essential to caiiiedrul worship— it# musical services. ' Without height thoro can bomo resonance, no feeling of elasticity no iriassiveness, no delicacy of sound. With out-1 height- music is robbad of inorc than half its power to soothe, to subdue, to elevate, to call away" the feelings from tho distraction and frivolity of sense, and to attune theni.to tho tenderness, the solemnity, tho awe of tin) higher life. New, it seeins to mo that wo very specially need such services in Victoria. Tho . love and practico oi music aro very -visibly spreading among our young people, as among all nationa . wliieh live beneath a bright sky and a warm sun. Otlr young people card more for music and lo3s for worship than tho young people do at home. Now, heir is this? There may- be several reasons, bat one is certainly this — because music and worship have never been wedded together here under tho mast favorable conditions. Wo need- a scrvico which shall not only give expression to religious emotion already, in existence, but which shall also cvoko it when it is absent. , Impassioned preaching will do something to this end ; liay, it will do very mueh. Butthon impassioned preach ing is not always to -bo had,- or, at least, mot always in effective power. It may be greatly lielpod, nay, as in tho cose of Elisbaj .it mayvho supers odod by tho mysterious influence of music. I have myself felt tho wondrons power of- musical services. Thoy havo - melted me when I was hard, they have raised- me -'when I was sluggish, they have spiritualised me whon I was earthly. Let us only' make our young people feel them at their best, whenthey elcrato bythdir gran deur andedify by thoirsimpiioity, and then, while tlio tasto for them spreads, their use in our parish churches would becomo at . once more attractive and more edifying. Again, there ta another, and a generally unsuspected uso in a huge building. It helps to mako good preachers. In a large building the preacher must speak slowly and dS- tinctly. If he inumb'cs, or drops his voice, or takes it easily, ho will be, as tho peasant said, " like ahco in a bottle "—thero will bo a buzz and hum, but there will bo nothing mare. Bat now when a man ta compelled to speak slowly and distinctly", he hears and notices all that ha is saying. And if it be foolish or disjointed or bald, or disfigured' by -rapid rhetoric or mixed metaphor, lie is' himself made conscious of tho fact, and covered; as he deserves to be, witli shamo at his owii performance. Depend upon it, the next time lie preaches in' tho cathodfa, he will take care ' to bavo fresh ' thought, logically arranged and nervously expressed. And having dono woll once, bo will lay thq habit of trying always to do well. - Besides, when one speaks slowly one must' not have.too mnch to say, and thns one gets into the habit of preaching short sermons — short sermons with a good deal in- thorn.- All these yon will observe aro properly the results of having a large and lofty building. ' But' now to say a word of the services. It ta only by cathedral services, with a cathedral staff, that wo. can carry out adequately tho chnrch's system of perpetual prayer. And you who lrnvo had no cxpericnco of this system can hardly conceivo its precious and Jofty osos. Let ma specify ono or two. In a great civic community like this, thoro will always ho devout souls detached from fife by the stroke of sickness or the decay of age. who long to spend their re maining days in communion with tho Lord thoir God. These are the Simeons and the Annas, who havo no wish to depart from the templo day or night Arid nowhere bnt ip tho great church of a cathedral city can tlicy find tiio means of gratifying tlieir desire.- There ta the stillness and tlio great space tilled continually with the pleading of prayer. and thesweli of praise. ' There they find tho atmosphere which they long tfl breathe; thero they draw near to God, and livo iu an anticipate! heaven. Do . you think wo do not need them — wo busy men distracted by the cares, the labors, the sorrows of time ? Why to this day there dwell, and to the end of tho days that I sojourn upon earth, there will dwell in the eye of my soul, the vision of two separated ser vants of God — an aged man and woman, whom I once mot at a funeral. Thero was the light of a better world in tho delicato giow.of their faces ; there was tho peace of heaTen in their gentle, saintly ores. And that vision ta with mo still — it is and it will be to tho end— as the visible em bodiment of what I wotild bo, and now cannot bo ; and yet of what I hope that one day I may become through the mercy and long-suffering ot God. And then a pun, in the heart of a great city, not uron somo hill at a distance, but in the heart of n great city, where all its passion and crime are, there shorilil be a House of God ever open, w here those who are broken by life's sorrows or sorely smitten by life's sins may always bo ablo to find guidanco and eolaco when they need it. When tho poor outcast at his worst — near tho brink of the dark river, it may be — is wandering in the city desert, aimlessly, desperately, looking vainly for somo help, some hope, somo pi.tr, there should always bo an open house ot prayer iu his - own path, an ark into which he may flee for refuge. Ho cannot wait for Sunday. 1 Ho cannot go off, seeking for comfort. ; Mere and now ho r nst be helped or not at nil. Open your catno- dral in his Very pathway; let its prayers plead, . let its praises swell, anil perhaps they may litt his lost soul so near to Mount Pisgah that ho may catch, .thence some ray of thc.Divino pity which . ho ta seeking, tome glimpse of tho Messed hope without which ho cannot livo. Oh, my- friends, there aro many , that swell tho sin r, are there none of these that will help- to builil tho refngc ? I have spoken of the build ing and its services. But ere I close I must say one word, however brief, about tho cathedral chapter. In all ages of the church Catholic, and most effectually in its best ages, tho chapter has bqcn tlio council oi the bishop. Yourbishopsoraly needs such a council now nnd then. The church assembly ta not an administrative body at all ; it only legislates. The council of. tho dioccso is an administrative body, but it gives . counsel on nothing bnt on financial matters. With purely spiritual questions it does not mcddlo, and ought not to meddle. Its adrico upon money matters is like tho advice of the Cabinot to tiio Queen- It almost must bo taken. Now, on spiritual matters tho bishop could not submit to such ad vice; He mightalmost as well abdicato his office. For tho consideration of such matters ho wants a council consisting of tho best and wisest men in tbo dioccso, who will give him advice and not in sist upon its being always taken. Puch a council is necessary to 1 tho bishop. Woll has .lt . been said that " Isolation is tho vice and weakness of anthority." You ail felt that in our recent discussion of tho education question. Yonr impetuous bishop took his own. lino — tho lino his conscienco prescribed to him."" Ho struck as hard ns ho could. But what did men soy ? This ta only tho bishop's opinion, tho bishop's method. Tho chnrch ta not pledged to that. IIow different would it havo bcon if all men had known that what tho bishop said, not only as to principlo, but as to details, ho said after consultation with tho best hearts and wisest heads in his diocese. Tako another caso. I pro posed that wo should carefully consiiior tho pro position, already mado at home, to ordain as deacons, under certain conditions, layman still pursuing their worldly calling. I had no ono to odviso mo. Tho Chnrch Assembly appointed a committee, and directed- it to report to tho council of the dioceso. It reported nnd what followed? Tho " council declared tho matter tiff rtv vires. It had no power to review purely spiritual matters. It acted rightly — this was a matter for the cathedral chap ter — " tho golden circlet" of tho chosen prcaby- i tery — not for a merely financial body. Tako yot another problem, urgently at this moment pres sing for solution. Tho action of tho State, in making the education of our State schools purely ; secular has brought tho question of tho organisa- , tion of Sunday schools into tho, rank of questions of tho first importance. How can thoy best bo organised ? This is not a question for tho as-, Bombly, or tho council of tho ilioccso; it is a' question for the cathedral chapter, wliieh I trust they will take earnestly in hand at the first con venient opportunity. Again, I prizo tho chapter, not only as a council, but as an august represen tation of tho unity of tho chnrch. Thero you havo gathered' into ono body, bishop, dean, archdeacons, canons,' lnity. This chapter, from the cminenco of its members, from their representative character, and from thoscemii- ucss of tho great temple and other solemn services in which on great occasions thoy come togcthor, affords an nugust representation of tlio unity of the church. Homo men think littlo of this. I think much of it. For tho pocuiiar danger of religious lifo liere ta its spirit of separa tion. This spirit represents nothing better than tlio selfishness and waywardness ot individuals ; it produces ill nnr townships among our people nothin" but weakness, jealousy and heart-burn ings. It ta tlio great rock ahead of Protestant democratic religion. ' Most fi t nnd necessary thou ta it that wo constitute so good a symbol of our unity ns slinll striko the imagination through tho eyes, and reduce to vtaiblo insignificance tlio specious. independence cf individuals, and tho miscrahlo fooling .of . parochial selfishness. It is for theso various reasons, then, in connection with tho building, - tlio services and the' chapter, that I so earnestly desire to push on this great work to which wo havo put our hands to day. Lot thero bo no looking, hack, no small fault-finding, no useless regrets, no selfish stand ing aloof. Criticism ta oxcellcnt in its place, when a determination if boing formal, but nfter- wards it ta more feebleness. Carefully, patiently, the Chnrch Assembly in several sittings and in successive years, considered tho claims of every possiblo site, and thoy deliberately fixed on that of St. Paul's. . I am persuaded that their deter mination wns right. Ho that doubts it should have scon tlio crowds who on Good Friday ami- Easter Stmday wore unable to obtain admission to St. Foal's. _l!o should also cast his eye over thoso church spires which mark the position of the principal churches of tbo different denomina tions, which' are within a stone's throw of tho spot. Tho timo for criticism ta past. Tho timo ' for action has como. Let us all, then, with one heart and mind, press forward to tho. goal of so many hopes, in tho namo, and by tho strength, nnd l'or the glory of Christ, our Divine Master. Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, in a fow remarks, referred to tho , satisfaction which I10 experienced at noticing tlie commencement inade towards tho erection of tho cathedra, and ex pressed the hope that its progress woilld not ho interrupted. Tho collection resulted in' the receipt of £1209 Us. 8d., including a chequo from Mr. W. J, Clarke for £1000, £25. from his Excellency tho Governor, and £50 from tho Alayrir of Melbourne.- Other contributions recoivod during tho last fow days. were — £500 from Mr. F. W. Armytago, £500- from Mr. T. It. Payne, £52 10». from Air. W. Elstlon, and £150 from Atr. F. Gillctt. Tho announcement of tbo receipt of Afr. Clarke's donation was received with choers. Tho benediction closed tho proceedings, nnd cheers were afterwards given for tho Governor, the Bishop, the Dean, and -Mr. Clarke. Tlio cathedral, as has boon previously notifiod, was designed by Air. Butterficld, architect, of London. It will havo frontages to Little Flinders, Swaristoh, and Flinders streets, and it ta esti mated will cost £100,000. Alcssrs. Terry and Oakdcn aro tho superintend ing architects, and tho lioutmcl in force, which lias been taken by Air. William Smith, ta for tho lay ing down of tho foundations for a length of 102 foot and 06 feet in width of the navo, clianccl and transept. .Tho. amount of tho ' contract is £0000, aud brick nnd cement is to bo used, tho walls to be carried ill blucstono to a height of 10 feet abovo tho floor line. The tower and spire will riso to a height of 275 feet, and will bo sup ported upon four cluster pillars of . alternate blocks of freestone' and blucstono, which will rest on massivo foundation stones, 0110 of which — that in tho south-western comer — was laid yesterdns'. In order that the pillars may bocomo thoroughly substantial, it ta intended that it shall be always kept ton feet in advanco of tlio oilier works. Tho contract ex tends over eight months, of which five months liavo yet to run ; and although it is not determined of what description of frocstono the walls will bo built, it will ho certainly of a uniform celor. Tho foundation stono wa3 14 feet in length, 5 fect in width, 18 inches deep, and. weighed 10 tons. Tho contract ta being carried out under the superintendence of Air. William Harrison, clerk of works. 