;-#kMfcc;'i: ??' : SUPERSTITIONS ABOUT I)(SaS. ;' ,;? ? Acoohdino to Ihe^ Aryun religion, \Yama' Was'viie. tiisl lightning- born morlnl who dis cover- it ilia w»y to ibti olhev world, where he ban leiguod uvor Hiuoe, aud for the Bake ol men, Bends tho wiud,. under the lorm ol a dog, to oooduot their eouls in death norops the heavenly waters aud over the Milky Way to his home— the bright realm of bliss. Henoe, whenever this messenger of death nnnhntrH. eilher;howling oulsiclo the siok man's honse or speeding along through the air with rapid paoe, the iuintttba. trembled for they knew that at any moment the soul of their friend or relative .might be required of jhim. iThuB; even at the present day, the howling of a dog under the window ia supposed ; to foretell death— a superstition deeply rooted every where in this as ia most other oountries. .lit Germany, a dog howling before a house portends a death or a fire. ? If it howls along the highway, this iaoonsidered in Westphalia as a certain token that a funeral will goon' pass, by that wny. The Banjo notion, too, .exists in Donmaik. , -Aq intelligent Londoner told Mr. £,l)y that he. bad oiten listened to the howling of, the. dog, and verified the. ful- filment of tbia infallible omen.; The dog's mode of prooeeding , on buou oooasions is {generally this :— Tuo animal tries ..to get .under the. doomed person's window; but if the houae stands within an enoloaure, and it cannot find its way io, it will 'run round the premises or paoe. up and down 'before ..them. If it at last Buooaeds in making an: i entry, it will stop under the window,' howl .horribly, finish with thrco tremendous barks, : , and then huiry away. This performance is aeoribed by some to the dog's; keen sense of. tho odour of npproiioliing mortal dissolution : whoreas, othera nffirin thut.this animal can Bee the spirits whioh hover around tho houEe ...of sickness ready at the moment of death to .bear .away, the soul of the departed one. Thus, in. tbo 'Odyssey,' the dogs of Eumreus are represented na torrifitdi at .the. sight ^of Minerva, although she wus then invisible to ...Telemuohus. In both German and - Aryan mythology the dog issaid to see ghosts ; and ?whenever Heln, tho Goddess of Death, walks abroad invisible to human eyes, she .ia Been ? - by .doga. In Wales it is thought that howes . .have also the gift of seeing spectres. Carriago ;;horees huvo. been 'known, saya Mr. Bikes, to ^display every sign of the utmost terror; when r thoocoupauts of tho oarringe. could sue no ? oauso lor fright. Such an ooourrence is said to bo highly ominous, and. to portend that ? . a funeral will soon pass by that way, bear- ] ing to his retting-pliioe some person not dead at tho time of tho horses' fright; Very nourly allied to the superstition which recognises a deuth omen iu tho howling of ,. a dog is that of the speotre .hounds which are said to be occasionally heard aud seen in different parts. of JBDgiand and Wales. They are generally invisible ; but their fearful yelpiDg, as it is heard pass ing swiftly through the air, resembles the . fieroo and angry note, of the bloodhound. They are supposed to be ' evil spirits hunt ing Jhe Bouls of the dead, or, by their diubolioal yelping, to betoken the speedy death of somo person.' In the North they are oalled tbe 'Gabriel hounds.' . . . Mr. Henderson relates that a few years ago, when a ohild was burned to death at Sheffield, the neighbours immediately oalled to mind how thu 'Gabriel hounds' hadpasBed above the house no» long before. Ho also tolls of a ? person who was hastily summoned one night to the eiok bed of a relative whose illness had suddenly assumed an alarming oharaoler. As he set out he beard the wili sound of tun ortatures above his head ; they accompanied mm tue whole way, about a ? mile, then paueed, and yelped loudly over the house. He entered it, and found that the patient had juBt breathiid her last. In Linoaahire theae sped re hounds are locally termed ? Gabriel, Batoheta,' and are supposed to forotell death or misfortune to all who hear ... their sound — From ' The Dog and ilt Folk -?: Lore,'. in the Gentlemen's Magazine. 