$Mcp| SUPERSTITIONS ABOUT DOGS. According to the Aryan religion, Tama waa the first lightning-born mortal who dis covered tho way to tho othor world, whore lib has roigned over_ since, and for the aalie ol men, aenda the wind, nndor the form of a dog, to oondnot their Bonis in death aoroBs tho heavenly waters and over tho Milky Way to hiB home — tho bright realm ol bliaa. Hence, whenever this messenger of death was heard, eimor nowiing oniside tho aiok man a nouse or speeding along through the air with rupid paoe, tbe inmates trembled for they knew tbat at any moment the sonl of their fiiond or relative might ba required of him. Thus, even at tho present day, tho howling of a dog under., tho window is auppoaed to foretell death — a superstition deeply rooted every where in this as in most othor countries. In Germany, a dog howling before a house, portends a death or a fire. If it ho^ls along the highway, this is considered in WuBlplmlia as a oertain token that a funeral will soon pass by that way. The same notion, too, exists in Denmark. An intelligent Londoner told Mr. Kelly that he hadoften listened to the howling of the Qpg, and verified the fnl-. filment of this infallible' omen! The dog's mode of proceeding on' suoh occasions -is generally this : — Tho animal tries to get under the doomed person's, window j but it the house stands within an enclosure, and , it cannot find its way in, it' will rim round the premises or paoe up. and down before thena, It it at last succeeds iu making, an entry, it will stop under tbe window, howl horribly, finish with tlireo tremendous barks, and then hurry away. This performance is ascribed by somo to tho dog's keen senso of the odour of approaching mortal dissolution : whereas, others affirm that , this animal can see the spirits which hover around tbo house of sickness ready at the moment of death to boar away tho soul of tho departed ono. Thus, in tho 'Odyssey,' tho dogs of Eumieus are represented as terrified at tho sight of Minerva, although she was then invisiblo to Telemuchus. In both German aud Aryan, mythology the dog is said to seo ghosts ; and whenever Hola, tho Goddess of Death, walks abroad invisible to human eyes, sho is seen by dogs. In 'Wales it is thought. that horses havo also the gift pf seeing spectres. Carriage, horses have been known, says Mr. Sikes, to - display every sign of tho utmost terror, when the occupants of tho oarriago could see no causo for fright. Such an occurrence ie said to bo highly ominous, and to portend that a funeral will soon' pass by, that way, bear- ' rng to his resting-place somo person not dead at the time of the horses' fright., Very nearly allied' to the superstition which recognises a death ornon in : tho howling of a dog is that of tho spectre hounds which are said to be occasionally heard and Been in different parts of Eugiand and Wales. They are generally invisible ; but their foarful yelping, as it is heard pass ing swiftly thruugh the air, resembles tbe fierce and angry note of the bloodhound. They are supposed to be ' evil spirits hunt ing the souls of the dead, or, by their aiabolioal yelping, to betoken tho speedy death of some person.' Io tbo North they are oalled the ' Gabriel hounds.' . . Mr. Henderson relates that a lew years ago, when a ohild was burned to death at Sueffield, tbo neighbours immediately called to miud how the 'Gabriel hounds' 'bad passed above the house no* long before. He also tells of a person who waa hastily summoned one night to the siok bod of a relative whose illness had suddenly assumed an alarming character. Aa he set out he heard the wild sound of the creatures above his head ; they accompanied him the whole way, about a mile, then paused, and yelped loudly over the house. He entered it, and found that the patient had just breathed her last. In Lancashire Jf1®80 speotre bounds are locally termed Gabriel R&tohetg;,' aud ai8 supposed to foretell death or misfortuno to all who hear their sound. — From ' Tho Dog and its Folk Lore,' in tin j Gentlemen's Mugazino. 