Bourke. November 9. Every one knows from the school books that Bourke is a town situated on the banks of the river Darling, in latitude so and so, and longitude thingumbob, is in the midst of vast plains, and that the native nanieis ' Wurty Murty ' meaning 'big waterhole.' The general knowledge of Bourke ends there, with perhaps, the exception that it is ? supposed to be a fearful climate, and that the people are a species of salamander. The idea is quite erroneous, we are not salamanders. The climate for eight months in the the finest anywhere, and is equally healthy. The other four months are very hot, the thermometer sometimes reach ing 120* in the shade, on one occasion it rose to 126' in the shade. Still the heat is a dry healthy one, and not nearly so enervating as that of towns on the coast, Sydney for instance. Bourke, situated in the midst of an immense sheep farming district, is purely a pastoral town, and likely to remain eo. The town proper contains some very credit able buildings, notably the post and telegraph offices, Court-house, two churches (Church of England, Rev. E. H. Wright, and the Roman Catholic Church, Rev. Father Long), the Hospital, Mechanics' Institute, and the brewery. The number of hotels is as usual, ' where two or three are gathered together,' in the ascend ant. We can show the grand total of eight — two first-class, the rest quite as good in their way, but known as second class, or bushmen's houses. There are five billiard tables, and another to arrive shortly. There are six storekeepers — Kirkpatrick and Co. having by far the most commodious premises. This firm is, at the present time, engaged in building1 a very large store in the main etrcet. The Bond, though a very large one of two iloors, is scarcely large enough for the amount of business ?which is done in connection with it. There are two tailors, two saddlers, two bakers, three butchers, five blacksmiths, two bootmakers, two chemists, about half a dozen or so dressmakers (? dress makers} and four dairies. Another bootmaker would find ample work to do here. A good dressmaker and milliner would also do well, as those in that line here now are not likely to become female Worths if they lived for ever. A dairy too is badly wanted. Those who supply the town with lacteal luxuries can scarcely be said to have dairies in the proper renee of the word. These people are simply milkers. A diary under proper management is an opening not to be found with every day to make a small fortune in. Prices at present are the lowest they ever get to, viz., eggs 2s. per . dozen, milk, 4d. per quart, butter 2s. M. per lb. Poultry (fowls) from 8s. a pair upwards. These are of course ordinary household prices — not wholesale. Cheese is not made. There are two baths on the River, and a boat house. 'We have our rowing club consisting for the most of non Towiete. There are 2 four-oared gigs, clinker built, and a double sculling outrigger, a curiosity in its way. This instrument of aquatic warfare was built in this town, and is of unique build. Donnelly or Messenger would give some thing to see it. She, the unique boat, however rows very well. There is a cricket club and a very fair one too. The bowling, which by the way is done on cocoa-nut matting, being above the average of country clubs, and decidedly stronger than the batting or fielding. However, 1 had letter not say too much, or we may hear from Walgett again, which town claims, amongst other things, to have the best club out of Sydney, I believe, and in answer to a mild suggestion, that Bourke would like to play the Walgett C.C. gave the information that they could beat 22 of Bre 'warrina, and Brewarrina could beat Bourke, and as they didn't suppose we could raise 50 men or so, all at one fell swoop, they didn't think it worth while putting us through —rather rough on Bourke — and an intercolonial man or two Rallying amongst us — Ghost of Evans ! There is to be a match about the 20th instant, Bourke v. Brewarrina, at Brewarrina. The redoubtable Walgett C. C. have been again asked to meet us, and will probably beat us should we meet. This, is only what we look for after the answer we got before. Their answer this time should be indeed something superbly sarcastic and beauti fully grand — majestic in its own little way. During the season (of course no one thinks of shooting out of the season in Bourke), in this neighbourhood is to be found any quantity of shooting, ducks of all ' names, weights, ~ and colours,' turkeys, quail, pigeon, &c;, &c.; Last season bags of between 100 and 200 ducks were occasionally brought in by the worthy host of TattersalTs Hotel, a good sports man and capital shot. Fish hi any quantity and size may be caught at almost all times and places in the river. Cod upwards of 40 lbs. are constantly being brought in; bream too ore plentiful and give good sport, they run as high as 6 or 7 lbs. And now that Bourke is introduced, so to sneak, I will give you what little pastoral news there is. 'The stock movements are at present not 'very numerous, but is fia few weeks' time we may expect to sec large numbers on the move, both lor market and for stocking up purposes. The following is the latest stock news : — 2300 fat wethers have left 'Morabilla' for Sydney via Warren and Dubbo, Messrs. J. K. and Ross, R. Doyle, owners. A mob of sheep (0000), which passed here some weeks back en route for Mount King, in the Albert District, have been ordered by their owners, Messrs. Barden Brothers, to return to ' Yalcogreen,' from which station they originally started, there not being a sufficient supply of water to allow of their reaching the first-mentioned place. A mob of cattle has been started from Fort Bourke for the South Australian markets. Over 1000 head good mixed cattle have been bought by one of our local butcners at £1 per head. Shades of Colac preserve us. 4000 wethers have started from 'Tongo' Station, Paroo River, for Adelaide markets. A mob 16,000 sheep, A. E. French, owner. Sparrow in charge^are about entering this district— bound north. Rain is wanted badly out Cobar way. Some of the tanks there and in the neighbourhood are almost dry already. What will they be by Christmas if rain doesn't comer' Shearing is oyer, and most of the wool on its way to market. The clip on the whole has been a most satisfactory one — never better. Most of the wool up here is washed by hand, of the usual manner. Next season will effect a change, however, machine scouring taking its place to a great event. Wool on the south side and away back from the river has, for the most part, been sent away in the grease. Another large station, Sir John O'Shanassy's, Fort Bourke, and hitherto a cattle run, is being 'got ready to receive sheep, 30.000 of which started from ' Moira,' in the beginning of hist month. The weather during the past week has been very dry and windy. Whirlwinds careering round in any quantity. By one of Nature's festive jokes in this line, a chimney departed in peace— in fact, pieces, R.I.P. Talking of weather re minds me of the Rev. Mr. Perrier's (St. Central Aus tralian) lecture last week on New Zealand, entitled ' A colony with a history.' The object of the lecture being to enhance the book fund of the Mechanics' Institute. The lecturer so graphically described the beauties, resources, and climate of New Zealand that many a resident in this town — a town so utterly devoid of any scenery whatever, resources only in a negative sense, and climate, well for eight months very good, but as to the other four they are not quite up to Ntw Zealand standard, many a resident has ever since wished himself or herself in* the garden a hi Eden such as Mr. Perrier described. Our worthy P.M., Mr. A. O. Grant filled the chair. The lecture only occupied the short space of fiftv minutes. The lecturers' jokes and quaint anecdotes of the Maories were well appreciated by an audience which was not over numerous. River Darling rising slowly. 