\ AN AiN I [QUART'S GHOST STOKY. (By Augustus Joaaop, D.D., in thi) Aihmusum.) Littlk more than two months H'av,i passed sinoe my own personal experiejiceVb^mentitl; phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the'oc. currence with whiuh the following 'narrative dealB. Yet alreudv I find that ranud tliu original story there has gathered a surprising accumulation of the mythical element, aud that I myself am in danger of becoming a hero of romanco in more senses than one. As I object to be looked upon as a kind of medium to whom ?upernatural visitntionu are vouchsafed, and, on : the othor hand, do nut wi»h to bo aet down as a orazy dreamer whose disorganised nervous system renders him abnormally liable to fan tastic delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request of some who have b6gg»d me to make public the following paper. I a/m- told th.it there are those wh»- busy themselvss in collecting similar stories; and if it bs so, i) ia better they should hear the fuots from me than after they hava parsed through other channels. The narrative was written, at the request of a friend, not many days- after tlie event, when all the circumstances Troro fresh in my recollection. On the 10th of Ootober, 1879; I drove over from Norwich to- Mauningtou Hull to spend the night at Lord Urford's. Though I was iu perfect health aud high spirits, it i»rairto state that, for some weeks previously, It had-'had a grant deal to think- about, somo litsl* ansiety, and some considerable mental «t7.tin of one kind or another. I was not, however, con scious of anything- approaching weariness, irritability, or '-fag.' I arriiedi at 4 p.m., and was engaged) in pleasant and animated conversation till it was time to dress Srdinuer. We dined at seven ; . our party numbered six persons. Of these four at least had- been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener ; tho talk was general and discursive, and amused and interejted me greatly. Not for « single mo ment did it turn upon the supernatural ;. it waa chiefly concerned with questions of art and the experiences of men who had seen ai great deal of tho world, and could describe intelligently what they had seen aud comment upon it sug gestively. I have very rarely been at? a more pleasant party. After dinner we played a rubber. We 'left off as we began/.' a,ud as two of the guests had some distance to drive we broke up at half-past ten. The main object of my going over to Man nington was to ewnine and tak.i notes upon some very rare books iu Lord Orford's- library, which I had beeu anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, but had never baen fortunate enough to meet with up to this time. I asked leave to sit up for some hours and make transcripts. His Lordship at first wished me to lot his valet remain in attendance to see all lights put out, but as this wouldihuv& em barrassed me and compelled me to gO' to bed earlier than I wished, and as it aeemod likely that I should fee occupied till two or three in the morning, it was agreed that I should be left to my own devices and the servants- should be alowed to retire. By eleven o'clock X was the only person downstairs, and I was very ?oon busily at work and absorbed in my ocou pation. The room in which I was writing, in- a large one, with a huge fireplaoe and a grand old chimney ; and it » needless to say., that it ia furnished with every cumfort and) luxury. The library opens into this room, and' I hud to pass out from ? where I waa sitting, into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes I wanted to examine. '1 here were six small volumes in all. I took them down aud placed them at my right hand in »?? little pile, and set to work — sometimes reading, some times writing. As I finished with, a book I placid it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the ctindles all burning, and; as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished with a book, I.rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. L continued in this way at my taak till nearly oae o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only one more book to otoupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of seltzer water, and I remember thinking to my self that I.should get to bed by two after all. I set to work, at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half, an hour and was j ust beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as Is teas actually writing, I i»w a large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with bin back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books thac I had been at work upon. The man's face was turned away from me, but I sa.w his closoly out, reddish-brown hair, his . ear and shavod oheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, theiide of tho forehead, and. the laTge high oheek bone. He was dressed ia what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or some- such material, close up to the throat, and . a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet sesring as a stand-up oollar, and fitting close to the chin. The right- hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping:, without any great presBcre, the left hand ; both, hands were in perfect ropoBO, and the laige blue veins of the- right .hand were conspicuous. I remember, thinking that the hand: wu like the hand o£; Velasquez's magni ficent ' Dead Knight ' in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for- some seconds, and vas-perfectly auro that ho- was not a reality . A thousand thoughts carno. crowding upon me, but not the least feoling;o£- alarm, or even un easiness; curioiity and. &. strong interest wore uppermost. For an instant I felt eager ts make a sketoh of my friend, and I looked at a; truy on my right for a ponoil ; then I thought, ' Upstairs I have a sketchbook — shall I fetch . it?' There he sat, and I was fascinated;; afraid, not of his staying, tut lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand fr..m the paper, strotched it out to the pile of books, and moved ths top one. I canncfc exr . plain why I did thin.— my arm passed in front of tho figure, and it vanished. 1 was simpljj disap-, pointed and nothing more. I went on -with my writing aaif nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and I had actually got.tu. the last few wordB of what I had determined to. extract when the fignro appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. 1 saw the hands olose to my own ; I turned my head again, to examine him more oloselp, and I was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that I did not dare to spe&k.; I was afrxidi of tht sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat 1. I turned my head again to my work, and finished writing the two or throo words I stil) had to write. The paper and my notes are at thia moment before me, and exhibit not tho slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the- words I was. writing when the phantom came aad when ho disappeared. Having finished my talk, I ?hut the book and threw it on the table ; it mode a slight noino us it foil — the figure vanished. Throwing myaelf back in my chair, I aat for lomo sooonds looking at tho fiio with a curious mixtura of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, and, if ho did, whether he would hide the fire from me. Than first there stole upon me a dread and a suspicion that I was begin ning to lose my nerve, I remember yawning ; then I rose, lit my bedroom, oandle, took toy books into tho inner library, mounted the ohair aa before, and replaced five of the volumes ; the sixth I brought baok'and laid on the table where I had bean writing when the phantom did mo the honour to appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out the lour caudles and marched off to bed, whete I il«nt the alesp of the just or the guilty— I kiiow nut which— but I slept very' boundly. ? ;\ ?; This is a. simple o*et unvarnished 'narrative .of f»cto'. Explanation:, theory, or inference I leave to others.' ' ? 