AMERICAN NEWS, £5THre compile the follov:hig from late American jour The Bird Omen of Death, (from THE BROOKLYN EAGLE. " Look," cried Adelaide Neilson in terror to the physician attending her in her last moments, " look at that great bird flying about me It was a bat that had flown into her death chamber, and Dr. Monier drove it out. This little incident is suggestive of the strong belief which once obtained in Eng land and Scotland that the appearance of a bird in a sickroom was a sure omen of approaching death to the occupant. Sir Walter Scott, in his book ou " Witchcraft and Demonology," gives many remarkable instances of this superstition, which, like all superstitions, is never at a loss for eye- witnesses and circumstautial evidence. Faith in the omens of birds is, indeed, one of the most ancient of popular delu sions. It was an article of universal faith among the ancient Greeks, and Sophocles, the most delightfully human of the tra gedy writers of Athens, speaks of the sure prophecies and foreknowledge to be derived from birds, from the strident wings of full grown ones to the young ones " whose callow wings refuse a length ened flight." The episode of the "great bird" which so terrified the dying actress reminds us also of one of the strangest of lives and death to be met with in English history. Thomas, the second Lord Lyttleton, is believed by many critics to this day to have been the author of the famous " Letters of Juuius," although Macaulay inclines decidedly to Sir Philip Francis. Certain it is that the description given by Woodfall, the printer's boy, of the tall thin, gentleman, with high shoulders, gold laced coat, and sword, who gave him the MS. of one of the "letters," accords with the personal appearance of Lord Lyttleton, but not with that of Sir Philip Francis. Moreover, when the former spoke in the House of Lords, he fairly electrified his audience by his powers of invective and sarcasm, and it is at least a notable coincidence that many of Lord Lyttleton's expressions such as " women, and men like women" are found also in Junius. But all this, of course, is not conclusive, and we only recall the strange nobleman who, even at Eton, was looked upon with an awe for bis odd mixture of morose stoicism with dis sipation, because his death, so at least he asserted, had been predicted to liim by the appearance of a white bird in his bed room. This was the third night before he died, and he declared that his death ^would take place at mid-night, just when it did. He was at a convivial party at a brother nobleman's country house, and looking at his watch he said, with the sardonic smile peculiar to him: "If I live half an hour longer I shall jockey the ghost," meaning that he would give the lie to the omen. He retired shortly after, and sent his servant for a spoon that he might take his customary dose of rhnbarb. When the man returned he found his master dying in convulsions on the floor. There seems little doubt that he had poisoned himself, and had pre dicted the time of his death in the full purpose of fulfilling the prophecy by sui cide. Still, the story of the bird may have been true, and the belief in such ap pearances of the feathered tribe, especially of one or sometimes two white birds, be fore death, was very prevalent even among the upper classes of society iu those days. The value of wives varies in different countries. In America they are often ex pensive companions, but in the higher re gions of the River Amar, and on the Ussuri, in Siberia, according to inform a tion furnished to the British Scientific Association by the Rev. Henry Landsell, the price of a wife is eight or ten dogs, a sledge, or two cases of brandy. In an other part of the world, according to the evidence furnished to the same associa tion by Wilfred Powell, in New Britain, and the neighbouring islands on the East cost of Guinea, the wives are the abso lute property of their husbands, and are bought, sold, and eaten by their better halves. There was one New Britain youug womau who had rebelled at her matrimonial relations, whereupon her hus band said he could put her to better use, and straightway killed and ate her. Un fortunately, according to the same au thority, the eating in New Britain is not confined to wives. The natives are fond of missionary meat, and think the English are unutterably stupid because they are unwilling to feast on such a delicacy as a human thigh, prepared in cocoanut milk, and dressed in banana leaves. Mr. Powell does not advise women tp emigrate to New Britain. Chicago now exacts §250 for every cir cus performance given in that city, §50 a day for each side show, and §25 for the concert in the tent after the regular entertainment. Thus a circus open after noon and evening, with say five side shows, must pay §675 daily into the city treasury. Two men rode up on harnessed horses to a circus ticket waggon at Leadville, hitched the beasts to it, and dashed off with the vehicle, in which were the Trea surer and §1500. The showman gave quick chase, and regained the treasure, but the robbers escaped. Says the Conyers 'Examiner'; "We heard a Rockdale man say the other day that he had a very line milk cow, but could scarcely ever get any milk from her, and the reason of which was, he disco vered that some large shoats he had would suck the cow dry every time they could get to her, and that they became so accus tomed to it that they would run to her when she lowed in hearing distance, and. actually fight the calf away, not allowing it to come near its mother." A Storm of Flies on the Hudson. — A storm of flies were encountered on the Hudson river on Saturday afternoon, similar to the one recorded in the Lon- don 'Telegraph,' as having been seen at Havre a week or two ago. The steamer Martin, bound South, encountered the fly storm between New Hamburgh and Newburgh. It was, seemingly, a great drift of black snow, and it reached South- ward from shore to shore as far as the eye could reach. There were millions upon millions of the flies, and they hurried Northward as thick as snowflakes driven by a strong wind. They lodged upon the clothing of the passengers of the steamer, and were minutely examined. They were long and black and had light wings, and the cloud must have been miles in length. The steamer Mary Powell ran into the fly storm off Haverstraw, and First Mate Bishop states that in all his steamboating experience he never saw such a sight. An inventive genius filled a small tar latan sack with a spoonful of cayenne pepper, and tacked it over a rat-hole. When the rat bounced out his eyes were peppered by the sifting from the shaken sack. He squealed like a pig and escaped. The whole tribe has since migrated. Commodore Nutfc Robbed.—Commo dore Nutt, on Wednesday night, opened a saloon at No. 512, Six Avenue. Among the guests were John Morey, age twenty-one, of No. 92, Watts-street, and a companion. As the Commodore was passing him, Morey threw one arm around his neck, and tj/tld him while he whispered something ill his ear. A few minutes later the little man discovered that his watch, valued at $100, the gift of P. T. Barnum, had been stolen. Officer Grans, of the Twenty-ninth precinct, ar rested Morey, and yesterday Justice Smith, at the Jefferson Market Police Court, held the prisoner in $1500 bail for trial. The watch has not been recovered. —' N. Y. Tribune.' Barnura's bearded woman is dead. She was buried on Sunday at Liverpool, near Syracuse, N.Y. Advice is like a railroad train—easy to take, but hard to follow. Frightful Death of an English Sport ing Man.—Barry Kemestes, an English man, while out gunning for snipe on Sa turday morning, near Sea Girt, N. J., met with a singular and fatal accident. Not satisfied with the manner in which his gun discharged, he placed several wads in it. Upon discharging it the gun exploded and the plug at the bottom of the stock entered his head at the top of the nose, piercing the brain. The wounded man walked half a mile to the hotel, suf fering terribly. He was taken with sneez ing fits, and at each Bneeze brain matter oozed out. He was alive when placed on a train to be taken to New York, but there is no possible chance of lus recovery. Kemestes has been President of the Wal ters Club, composed of English sporting men, and containing one hundred mem bers. He was well educated and spoke three languages. Owen Buck, of Oceanica, Md., had a vicious, kicking horse, which he was anx ious to sell. While trying to make a bargain with a probable purchaser, he remarked : " That horse is so gentle that my little girl could go up behind him and twist his tail, and he wouldn't raise a hoof.'' The girl overheard this lie, took it for the truth, tried the experi ment on being left alone with the horse, and was killed by a kick. 