THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. By Cosmopolitan. Victoria — -The great scene-shifter — Progress — Future greatness — Manufactures — Be hind the scenes — The Australian "Huntly and Palmer"— Hot plum-pudding — Oceans of treacle — Parlour gymnastics — The jurors' aviary— Alelbourne by moonlight. Victoria exhibits in her displayed re sources many things that suggest profound social problems awaiting the solution of time. Time, that great scene-shifter in the world's drama, changes the locality after a long run, and begins again in a nww field. with new actors and fresh accessories ; but themes, with some variation, are all pretty much the same. Some of the actors live only to acquire wealth — make it their re ligion almost from the nursery to the grave ; others live only to spend it. The persons who possess brains and those who possess money often change places and set to other partners. The best men often fail ; the worst succeed. There is always a villain of the piece, and as some fall through the trap-door of oblivion, others enter by the side scenes, and pass across the world's stage in the same fleeting fashion. There is always the same set of characters, good and bad, virtuous and vile, and love — "Time's fool" — provides new performers in the shadowy drama. The transition of childhood to youth is not marked by such changes as those which accompany the transaction from youth to manhood : and judging by its infinite possibilities, oh which there is abundant evidence spread around, Yictoria will undergo great changes in the next few years, and crystal lise into new and unlooked-for s.hapes un dreamed of in the past. With food at the low figure it is here, and labour so high, and 34 millions of people in the old coun try, where meat is one shilling per- pound, and human flesh and blood so. cheap, as sung by Tom Hood, it is not likely the present performance can run many years, longer ; and, unless we are able to read the signs of the times, the present Exhibition will greatly accelerate the impending changes. The sooner the better! There are too many skids on the wheels of pro gress, and young Victorians, above all, should travel and see the world. AVe should like to see and read some of the weekly reports of the foreign commissions and exhibitors, sent home. It does people good, as the poet Burns has put on record. " to see ourselves as others see us." People denied aspirates, may acquire wealth, and they should not begrudge the twopence in the school estimates for the teaching of manners. England has got to the stage when she can no longer produce a third of the food required to feed her population, and that difficulty is daily increasing in so small an island. As an American remarked, " It is a nice little island, but I was al ways afraid of falling over into the sea." Well the Exhibition has taught us that the world will not have to wait centuries to see Australia take her place among nations. In pursuance of our self-imposed task, we have not made much progress in finding out what is not manufactured in Yictoria. We have, however, satisfied ourselves that at present they do not manufacture " pau pers" nor " workhouses." Neither do they make torpedos nor breech-loaders. We have generally remarked that those nations which excel in one field, are usually pre eminent in the other. May bad legislation and high civilisation never conduct us to that consummation ! We find, however, which could hardly be anticipated, that among tbe Victorian manufactures are railway locomotives, first-class American saloon cars of elegant construction, Pull man cars, semaphores, and all kinds of telegraphic apparatus and agricultural machinery, and among them all, the nucleus of a museum of antiquities, in the form of the first plough used in the colony. This patriarch among ploughs bears the marks of age and rough service endured in its pioneering mission, and should be pre served in a glass case for future gene rations. Such things as parquet flooring china, pottery, bronzes, and embroidered ecclesiastical vestments, are amongst the Victorian exhibits. What would the gold digger of a by-gone day say to the last- named ? What Captain Costigan said of the gold-epauleted, be-decorated, staff officer, probably, on the occasion of his first beholding that glittering personage — " How I should like to pawn him." After seeing only the finished result in Victorian exhibits, we thought it well to see the modus operandi, and Messrs. Swallow and Ariell first showed us behind the scenes at their factory at Sandridge. Everybody knows the great English manu factory of Huntley and Palmer at Reading, with its 3000 employes. Air. Swallow graduated many years ago in that Alma Mater, and here we have an Australian Huntly and Palmer fast growing up. The factory already covers a large space of ground. We know not how many tons of flour, butter, Ac., per week are not con sumed. 700 dozens of eggs per diem are used, and a reserve stock, preserved in lime, of some 40,000 dozens is kept np. 65S lbs. of butler are used for " cake" alone, per day. The famous plum-puddings are boiled by steam ; 250 plum- puddings boiling at one time (What a sight for school-boys !) or S00 cwt. per day. The ocean of treacle which flows from Messrs. Swallow's premises is all purified by animal charcoal, prepared in all its stages on the spot, as indeed is everything through out the establishment, even to the tin-boxes used for packing and storing ; and the cooper's work in the making of barrels, Ac. We expected to see myriads of flies in the treacle department, instead of which there was not one. Perhaps that article is too strong for them! Alore than 300 work people are employed on the premises. Air. E. Bennett's parlour gymnasium at the Exhibition reminds us that we remark in young Yictoria a tendency to run to legs and arms, in other words, unequal development. That such things can be counteracted by proper means, or deve loped by circumstances, Dr. Darwin has shown conclusively enough, the curious configuration of the giraffe being the result of generations of neck-craning after their proper food which grows at a lofty altitude. It- is invaluable to people of sendentary pursuits, invalids, or for use in had weather ; it takes up no more space than an eight- day clock and can be set up anywhere. Young ladies who desire to develop the just proportions of a Greek Yenus, to say nothing of health, should try one. The jurors are so numerous — about 400 — that the accommodation is insufficient, and it also has been found necessary to fix the maximum of the cost of their luncheon at 2s. 6d. each. These doves of the State must be duly fed, and not overworked. The lofty turrets on the roof of the Exhibition buildings are going to be util ised for the jurors, and next week three rooms will be ready for meetings and discussions. Should any juror go to sleep, he will not be awoke, but left on the roor all night, the outlet being locked at closing- time. Should he awake, he can then study the stars, and the appearance of the panorama of Alelbourne by moonlight, or perhaps, between the glimpses of the moon, seethe ghosts of tbe kangaroo and the aborigine come to revisit their whilom happy-hunting grounds at Carlton. 