Yakootr Khan. We take the following account of Yukoob's departure from his late kingdom for India from the Pioneer Mail : Sherpur, Cabul. The cr Ameer of Afghanistan, Sirdar Yakoob Khan, is now well on his way to India ; the order for his deportation having been carried out so silently and quickly that, while I am writing, the majority of men in Sherpur cantonments are ignorant of his departure. As I ventured to predict in forwarding the news of the close of the commission of enquiry, Yakoob Khan's fate is that of exile to India ; but even now we are in the dark here as to whether he will be treated as a State prisoner, and allowed to Ino in luxurious comfort, or will be sent to the Andamans, to drag out his life as a common malefactor. If the latter, it will be an ignoble ending of a career which in its earlier stages promised Such brilliant achievements. Yakoob Khan was once the first soldier in Afghanistan ; but from the evil moment when he confided in the word of his father, his fame was at an end. For years' cap- tivity, and such captivity as only Shere Ali could dease, broke his spirit, dulled his intellect, and left him the weak incapable we treated with at Guiidamiik and confided in so blindly until the fatal week in September, That under fairer auspices he might have proved a strong ruler, such as the Afghans require, can scarcely admit of a doubt I that he would have been u Dost Mahomed even his most ardent admirers Would hesitate to assert. The conditions of government in a country like Afghanistan compel the Sovereign willer to be a tyrant or a tool of factions: Yakoob Khan, during his few months of power, was the latter. His accession to the throne whs under circumstances which, even in the prime of of his manhood before imprisonment had crippled him, would have taxed his power to the utter most to cope with. After five years in a dungeon he was suddenly liberated by his father, only to find that father in the last stage of defeat and despair, his kingdom practically at the mercy of a powerful invader, and himself a panic-stricken fugitive. Left first as Shore AUb regent, Yakub Khan could do nothing beyond watch, with Oriental submission to into, the advance of the two invading armies up, the Jellalabad and Kui I am Valleys. The help which Shere Ali expected to receive from his Russian Monday over the exits was not for becoming in a few weeks came the news of the death of the Ameer at Mazai-i- Shaiif, and Yukoob found himself in possession of a kingdom already tottering to its fall. If he had had the energy of Dost Mahomed he might have organised armies, called upon the semi-barbarous tribes still lying between Cabul and India to join his soldiers in a holy war, and made a supreme effort to check the invasion which had driven his father from the capital. But that energy was lacking ; he made but a faint-hearted appeal to the fanaticism of the hill tribes, and, unsupported as this w s by any real attempt to collect the scattered units of Shere All's once powerful army, it necessarily failed. NOTICE TO MOVE. That departure for India, M iltit, or London, which.Yakoph had expressed himself so willing to take hourly two months ago, must have seemed to him hopeless, even so late as 9 o'clock last night, when Major Hastings,' Chief Political Officer, paid his, usual visit to the tent, then guarded by fifty men of the 72nd Highlanders Major Hastings said nothing of the orders which had been received from the Government, as it had been resolved to give as short a notice as possible of the intended journey for fear of com- plications the road to I'ushawur. Not that it was at all likely an effort would boards to rouse the tribes to attempt a rescue, but that nothing was to be gained by an open pal ade of the departure. At 8 o'clock Major Hastings sent word to Yakoob Khan that he intended paying him a second visit; and, accompanied by Mr. Durand, Political Secretary to the Lioiiteiiant-Quüüral, he again went to the tout. without Khan was a little astonished at the unusual hum chosen for the visit ; but when told that he would have to leave Cabul for India at 6 o'clock the next morning, he kept his composure admirably. He expressed sur pi is that such short notice should be given, but beyond this did not question the arrangements, to asked that his father-in-law, Yahiyu Khan, and two other ah dart now in confinement, should be released and allowed to accompany him. This, of course, could not be granted, and he then asked to what place in India he was, to be taken, and were the Yicomy was. This was all the concern he showed, The orders received here are to convey him safely to Poahitwur; so but little information as to his final resting-place could be vouchsafed him. I may here incidentally mention that he will probably go on to Lahore, whole, perhaps, the decision of the Government will be made Iciiowu i to him , | BOOT AND SADDLE, Soon after 5 o'clock this morning the little camp in which the ex-Mayor was lodged, not far from head-quarters, was all astir with preparations for the journey. , ' A bright moon was shining overhead and a few watch fines were blazing brightly among the tents, by the light of which the mules and yahoo were loaded up. The squadron of the 5th Punjab Cavalry drew up outside the gateway, which leads from the cantonments near the western end of the soutliorü'wa|l'; while the Lancers passed from their lines,' opposite the break in the Bornai u heights, to a bit of open ground between the quarters of the 72nd Highlanders and Yakoob Khan's tent. The early morning air was bitterly cold, and the usual light mist which settles nightly over the Cabul Plain still hung about, The camp' was silent and deBcyltd, every soldier being at that hour, asleep, except the sentries at their post and the patrols, stalking like armed ghosts from picquet to picquet, asking, for any rabid Kohistani who might have invaded the sanctity of our lines. The. Lancers moved smartly round and round in small, circles to keep cheruBe'iy«" and',, their, horses from freezing as they stood, and through the dust and mist enveloping those their lances shone out now and again as the steel heads caught a glint from the moon. It was a fantastical sight, this endless circling of misty horsemen moving apparently without aim or object, and growing momentarily more and more distinct as" dawn began to creep up over the distant Lutfabund and Khurd Cabul hills, and struggle with the clear moonlight which had before been supreme. In an hour everything was ready for departure. Yakoob Khan's horses were waiting ready saddled, and the Lancers had ceased their circling, and wore formed up waiting for the order to march Sir Frederick Roberts, Colonel Macgregor, chief of the staff, and Major Hastings were present to see the prisoner start on his rapid journey, and at half-past 6 exactly Yaboob Khan rode off surrounded by Lancers. He had exchanged salaams with the General and those about him, and, if not positively stated, was seemingly quite content to leave Cabul. Besides information furnished by correspondents' letters already published, we hear details of Yakoob Khan's Journey, which are more or less interesting. He was taken great care of on his way through the camp at Qundamuk. He was surrounded with cavalry, and the nearest mounted men on his right and left had drawn swords. He appeared to be unconcerned. Though his ride of twenty-eight miles from Jugdulluk must have been a tedious one, he appeared glad to get out of the country, and casually remarked that he was " looking forward to the day when he should got to England and live like Duleep Singh, as he was very fond of shooting and riding !" At Jugdulluk (where Colonel Jenkins, CB,, of the Guides, commanded), the officer in charge of the escort introduced the Colonel, where- upon he walked up and offered his hand, but Colonel Jenkins drew himself up very stiffly and declined the honor, from which bystanders deduced that he had not acquitted him with regard to the Cabul massacre At night he had four soldiers marching up and down in front of his tent ; all his food was carefully examined both going in and coming out by the officer of the guard in fact, the strictest surveillance was kept over him. He left Safed Sung for Jellalabad under a strong escort of the 18th Bengal Cavalry. Officers who have come in contact with Yaboob Khan say that his remarks in conversation are generally of the most childish kind, and his intellect apparently of the lowest type. A good deal of trouble might have been saved if this had been found out sooner. items among CAMP. Camp Maidan, Ghuzni-road. The Lieutenant-General Commanding is now out on a visit to the force under Brigadier General Baker, which is collecting supplies of forage from the villages along the GliLzni-roacL Leaving Brigadier- General Macpherson in command at Sherpur, Sir F Roberts, accompanied by Colonel Macgregor, chief by the staff, and a small escort of ten men of the 14th Bengal Lancers, rode through the Cabul gorge yesterday afternoon, and following the road which traverses the Chardeh Valley, made for the village of Ar garden, about sixteen miles away. The roads about Cabul are so safe that no large escort is now required, the proclamation by which arms are forbidden to be carried having operated very effectually to check the pleasing Afghan tendency to rob and murder stray travellers. General Baker had taken with him all the transport animals that could be spared from Sherpur, and having collected about 100 rounds of shows, had started a long string of mules and yahoo back to our cantonments. While at Argandeh, too, 100 cavalry from Ghuzni had come in and put themselves at his orders. They were followers of Rajah Khan, and were armed with the usual Afghan equipment of railway, pistols, and gun. They were ordered to leave their arms at Argandeh, and then to make the best of their way to Cabul. He met this motley rabble near Kila Kazi-a fortified enclosure lying to the left of the main road-and as cavalry they certainly did not inspire us with much respect. They were mounted on good serviceable yahoos, which, could no doubt cover long distances, but would be quite unequal to charging in the usual acceptance of the tent. The men were simply of the order one meets everywhere in Afghanistan beetle-browed ruffians filthily clad in a nondescript garb of country made cloth and positions, bolero with short top-boots, and others with the winding affected by balloon. They were beneath contempt as cavalry, and a dozen well-mounted men could have ridden through them with hunt ingenious. dance at vigneron again. Beyond the little excitement eau sod by the 5th Punjaub Cavalry and the 5th Goorkhas being wanted to be in readiness to march for Maidan, there has been nothing in cantonments to distinct our attention from the all-important work of making our quarters comfortable. The subscription list for a' club-house is going round, and a weekly gymkhana is being started, while polo flourishes in spite of hardness of the ground. One little piece of excitement I have forgotten : the names of those officers who have, received CAR'S, brevets, set for 1 the last Afghan campaign have reached us, and there has been much discussion and some heartburning upon the selections made. This it was natural to expect ; the omission of deserving names and the rewarding of men who did nothing noticeable is always hotly discussed when brevets are about Al'OlUN TREACHERY. General Baker having rested in a village with a small escort of twenty Lancers, was received with apparent cordiality by the Millions, and then surprised and' attacked by a couinlon\'<le armed full), Concerning which the Pioneer's correspondent writes This attempt at treachery was too glaring to be, passed over, aiid.tbe'Mnl ticks were suau.ied,uud plans laid for the punishment of the village" Further south on the Gingin-road ,\Ui»ki-Alain, the chief who has been inciting the hillmen »gainst,us,,was said to be ready, with one > 3000 man and some guns, to advance and, join the Boui-Biulnui mid Durra Naikh men in 'a' 'night attiiclc'lipoii the Maidan encampment. It would have been courting a general rising of every armed villager in the district to have delayed punishing Beni Badam, and having taken the precaution of lithographing to Sherpur' what hitch occurred, General Baker at. moved out of camp at 8 o'clock }<«tenl,ay morn- * ing with 300 of the 92iid'JIighlHlidui>, 200 qJ"..tho 3rd Sikhs, four mountain guilA, iii d two troops of ciiMiliy (Olli Lancers and 14th Bengal Lancers). The i eniuitultlr of his brigade was left to guard Maidan, and protect the large number- of transport animals waiting to be loaded up with forage. AtShoipui the (8th Goorkhas and Belt Punjaub Cavalry were warned by General Kobi rts to be in readiness to start for Maidan at an hour's notice, in case the 'force there found itself is equal to the work before it. j j ? _ The quickness with which our troops moved down upon Ironi Badam had, however, the usual effect of taking the hillmen by surprise before they could gather in numbers fl'ufHuienUy great to hope to check the force attacking them. There was a show of resistance ; Goutinl Baker, on in thing at Tula Durant, six miles from camp, learning that the total above the village was crowded with men, and that 200 wore upon the heights commanding the road leading directly to it, There was a second road running parallel to this one, two miles from the bills, and, of course, quite beyond rifle range. Taking this route our troops gained sump heights from which they could Riitilauk the enemy. on the hotel where he (had direct 1911), to Boui- Badnm crossed, and this, manoeuvre was be successful that the hill men, who were in no great force, began at once to withdraw. Two uwunWiu guns shelled them, but the ground was so rocky that much damage was not done. The heights being thus cleared, the troops moved into the village, which was found to be deserted, all the inhabitants having, forsaken their' homes and taken to the 'bills or mullahs in the neighborhood. The Mullicka who had behaved so treacherously on the previous evening were. brought forward, and were told by General Bakers that they well deherved;jdcatb,.and tl}at,l)e at first intended hanging them, but that on reconsideration he should spare their, lives, and only destroy their villages. Beni Baum was, then set fire" to, and all the walled enclosures and their contents burned, to the ground. The troops then returned to camp, where they arrived at about 3 o'clock at night, having marched twenty-five miles in the twelve hours. It is a pity that the bullocks were not punished with death, as, euchjdehbor lately planned treachery as they attempted, within three marches of our army at Cabul, calls for exceptional severity. But for our men being on the alert General Baker and his escort would probably have been cut up to a man. All readers of Blackwood'$"ilaya:inc will remember the thrilling narrative which appeared in it sometime ago of the adventures of those shipwrecked in the Strathmore on the islands called the Apostles. Their sufferings and anxieties the privations' so nobly met, the self-sacrificing spirit which all alike displayed, have there been' ably, chronicled. The story gains a fresh in teres ft at this moment when well-grounded fears are entertained that other castaways are perhaps enduring the same slow tortures on the Crozet Islands. Sir Julius Vogel thinks it not unlikely that the missing ship, the' Knowsley Hall, may have been shipwrecked on this dangerous group, and he has, very, properly urged upon the Admiralty the propriety of searching the islands without delay. Instructions have been in consequence issued to H.M.S. Couiua to call at the Crozets on the voyage out. The' naval authorities have also granted, ' but not quite be readily or with so good a grace, a request that stores and storehouses should be maintained on these-, inhospitable islands for the use of any unfortunate human beings condemned to remain there against their will. The Admiralty bases its objection on the fact that the knowledge that the Crozets are so supplied will tempt ship captains to risk the high latitude passage which is notoriously full of danger. Probably no master would voluntarily face disaster, and even if any be so reckless, that is no reason why the helpless passengers they carry should be starved as well as shipwrecked. Life may be supported on penguin's eggs and wild cabbage, but it cannot be called a very joyous existence under such conditions. Most people would prefer a prosperous voyage home ; but if fate is to be really adverse, everything should be done to alleviate their terrible lot. The concluding volume by Bishop Colenso on the Pentateuch and Book of Joshua has been published in London. His conclusions respect- ing these six books are of a most sweeping character. He denies that Moses was the author of any of the five books which bear his name, or even that he had anything to do with the decalogue. In fact, he goes further, and says the least said about the activity of Moses" the better. His name is merely that of the imaginary leader of Israel, and he is as mythical and an historical as Jineas or King Arthur. The Bishop accepts the documentary hypothesis, find thinks it probable that Samuel wrote the Elohistie narrative, which embraces the book of Genesis and five chapters and five verses of Exodus. The book of Leviticus was produced by priests between 600 and 420 B.C. 