THE SOCIAL KALEIDOSCOPE. By Pasquin No. 10. The Humours of the Police Courts, He tliat imposes an oatli makes it, Not lie that for convenience takes it ; Then how can any man he said, To break an oath he never made P — Butler, Iludibras. 'Pfittifno-orrivq in In.w .... hnlfl. frmn timA im memorial, the fee-simple of a vast estate, subject to no S alienation, diminution, revolution, or tax — the folly and j ignorance of mankind. Over this extensive domain they j liave long had, by undisputed usance, the sole manage- | ment and control, inasmuch as the real oiouors most | strenuously and sturdily disclaim all right, title, and 1 proprietorship thcroin. | — Colton, Lacon. Tho law is a sort of hocua-pocus science that smiles in yer face, while it picks yer pocket ; and the glorious uncertainty of it is of mair use to the professors than the justice of it. — Macklin, Love a la Mode. I do see the bottom of Justice Shallow, Shakespeare, Henry IV, 2nd part. One of the most delightful — if not the moot delightful— -of all the world's studies is the study of human nature. Lady Mary Wortley Monta gu, it is true, observed that in tho whole' course of her long and extensive travels, she had found nothing but men and women ; and though this simple remark — of polished cleverness, how ever, in its simplicity — v/as founded on no small knowledge of the ways, doings, and sayings of ' poor humanity,' I cannot help wondering — not that the remark was made, but what episode in her ladyship's career prompted it ! Personally I never tire of the contemplation of the . lights and shadows of city life. Even those street pictures which seem prosaic in their familiarity to the ordinary observer, have always a special interest for him who makes human nature a loving study. Persons who have travelled much are usually more, interested in pictures that are familiar to the multitude than those who, abiding always in their own city, have simply — ? ' Travelled on life's common way In simple godliness.' That io, because both their imagination and their ideas are expanded by observation. The un tra velled, though not always ignorant, are invariably narrow-minded. And as narrow-mindedness fathers an unconcealed contempt for the ordinary ocenes and events of every-day life, much that is beautiful, and a great deal that is instructive, is often lost to the honest cit, whose heart may perhaps, be in the right place, but who, in the words of Thackeray, does not possess ' a sou^ above buttons.' I do not wish to emulate the example of a brother scribe — once famous, bub now, alas ! fallen into tlie sore and yellow-leaf of editorial neglect — by blazoning to fche world all ^lie countries I have visited, but suffice it to say that I havo wandered about tho earth con. siderably. I cannot, however, like 'The Vaga bond,' and that rather less distinguished hero, Othello — I say ' less distinguished' because Othello was only a warrior, and not an author ao well — truthfully tell ' Of moving incidents by flood and field, Of hair-breadth 'scapes i' the imminent deadly breach ; Of bo ing Itikeu by the insolent foo, And sold to slavery.' Still I have seen enough and read enough to ta&e; a delight — an I have before remarked — in that moot interesting of all otudieo — human nature. A few dayo ago I strolled out while yet a portion of tho veil of night hung lingering over the city ; the air was damp and chilly, and iho flickering ohadowo of ' incense-breathing morn 'C were upon the walls and upon the houses. The footsteps of passing wanderers echoed clearly through the long untenanted streets, and the silence wao only further broken at lengthened ' intervals by the hoarse voice of oome belated reveller. By-and-byc, a3 I strolled into tho heart of the city, and the thundering reverberations of the Poot-ofiice horologe proclaimed that an hour had elapsed since the commencement of my morning pilgrimage, the city, as if by magic8 burst into lite and action — ' And liko a lobster boiled, tho morn From black to red began to turn.'1 The mist, pierced by the darts of the rising nun, floated away into the golden waters of the harbour, and ? ' Morns Wak'd by the circling hours with rosy hand, Unbarr'd the gates of light,' Then slowly, yet oteadily, the sounds of the unmistakable awakening of the metroplio, and the low thunder of distant traffic, mixed and mingled with tho voices of tho already busy public who minister to the comforts of fche morning meal. And so the day grew older and older, and with clock-work regularity, well-known . characters took up their stations at street corners, familiar cabs drove slowly up to their several ? stands, four-horse omnibuses thundored in from the suburbs, and lastly came that grim vehiolo tho' prison van. A strange aosemblage otood grouped about the railings of the Central Police Court fco watch the arrival of that sombre ' four-wheeler.' There were red.-shawled women with battored' hats and down- trodden boots, who t/opfe and. swore by turns. I accosted two of fcheae Dtid inquired what was the trouble. 'My man's gofc into trouble again, sir,' she replied, tearfully, ' he went and choked [garroted] a gent last . night, and he's safe to be committed.' Your husband?' I inquired. 'Husband !' she re peated, looking down at her ragged clothes, and with a touch of nature pointing to the region of her heart — 'where's the likes o' me to gefc a husband!' A little farther off is standing a, group of young men who are typical representa tives of that dangerous section of the community^ the larrikin. One of these is especially pictur esque, and besides this is such a aotoriouo character, that he is really worth a description. Imagine, then, attentive student of these columns, a thin, undergrown, putty-faced boy of about nineteen years, with a cast of fea tures stamped with the seal of every vice that Depravity is heir to. A face go liideouo in. ito expressed recklessness of decency and order, so clammy with drink, so leering v/ith low cunning, so sunken-eyed and beetled-browed ; a face, the mouth of which is drawn, and the lipc white, thin, and cruel, and eyes small, ounken, bright, and shifting; a countenance, in short, that the Devil, himself might possess and be ashamed o£ so hideous is it in its every lineament. Thio head surmounts a body narrow-shouldered and spindle-legged ; a body clothed in garb so din \- gustingly filthy that a mere description of it would be sickening. Between his black tooth ho holds a still blacker pipe, and as ho stands there smoking his foul tobacco, ejaculating hio foul epithets, and blaspheming his Creator, he coamo to represent the last stage that degraded manhood can attain to before being swept into fche hell that yawns for him. The Central Police Court, as moat people are aware, is situated at the intersection of CJeorge and York streets. There are several hiotorio monuments in its immediate vicinity, notably tho office of this journal, the popular hostel of. tho genial Beattie, the Central Market, and tho Town Hall. As a building, the Central Police Court does not shine — architecturally. Itwaodeoignedby the same demoniac draughtsman, to whoso genius we are indebted for those classic monuments, the Hyde Park Asylum, the old Infirmary, the Parra matta Lunatic Asylum, and the Mint. Tho Cen tral Police Court building is, I should say, about the meanest-looking structure the sun ever shono upon. It's style io a cross between a Moorish dead-house, and an Egyptian stable. There io a smack of a Judroan tomb about' it though, and from a southorly aspect it io not particularly un like [an Algerine 'wash 'us.' Eo ono .has oyer professed any admiration for tho building but the President of tho New Caledonian Cour do Cassation. At least it was supposed ho found it beautiful ; but as he spoke in ITronch, the audionco ,r had to give him credit for tho admiration v/liic''-- they expected him to express. The fact was that his- politeness got the bettor of liio voracity That his words wero honoyed, wo havo on ro cord. I expect though in hio heart ho muttered— - ' Quelle baroque, mon^Pieui 'quelle baroque The buildings comprise a crime court, a sum- i mons court, a passage which is sometimes an im- f provieed court,' vrrifcing-rooms, offices, andalock-up. i The latter containo some dozen or more cells 1 — ell of whicli aro sadly in want of ?white- 1 wash. Tho imprisoned birds, however, might onsider the application of lime as personal, i Perhaps that is fche reason why the inspectors i don't have ifc laid on. Each court i? fitted with i a reporter's ledge, a solicitor's table, a pen for tho imcoapsd, and a deposition clerk. In the ' summons department a talented gentleman who ' is as bald as an egg and as bearded as a brigand l fills this office. He was formerly law reporter of tho Evening Hews. He is a singular combina- 1 tion. He possesses a great deal of honesty, an extensive knowledge of (imaginary) statutes, an i undertaker's suit of doeskin, but not one single aspirate. This gentleman, who rejoices in fche : sporting patronymic of Huntingdon, is fond of examining witnesses, and fonder still of giving bewildered J.'s.P. the ' straight tip.' Not un frequently the result of this gratuitous advice is general confusion in Court, in consequence of the prisoner derisively howling — ' Yah ! — Yah ! Yer camt do it !' which is usually found to be the case. The deposition clerk in the other Court is a man with inflamed eyes, a pointed nose, and a passion for the fair sex and tho violoncello. On considera tion, I am not quite sure whether ifc is the violon cello, the trombone, tlie double-bass, or the cym bals. Ifc is one of these portable earth quakes? anyhow. Now I think of it, I rather incline to the cymbals. If he only performed on these in conjunction with fche organ , he would really seem to be in his natural sphere, and natural element ! Just before the Court opened, I Btrolled into the yard which separates the lock-up from the Temples of Justice, and contemplated the scene with considerable interest. There was a motley crowd assembled there : a curious aud hetero geneous mixture of lawyers, loafers, litigants, and loretteo. That old gentleman with fcho short white hair, who is earnestly conversing near the railings with a client;, is the well-known advocate, Mr. Carroll, who is as celebrated for the geniality of his disposition cs for his legal and forensic ability. Under the verandah, conversing with an elderly female in a bright blue shawl, is a tall, thin gentleman o£ woe-begone appearance, who is habited in an alpaca corn-sack and peg-tops of the last generation. His form is of the slimmest, and about as tall, though not quite so symme trical, as a corporation lamp-post. His voice is particularly peculiar, indeed everything about the man savours of a singularity so extraordinary that one is apfc to regard him more with 'as- tonishment ' than ' admiration.' This gentle' man's name is Vardy, and his weird form is so well known in the city that it is a pity the Government do not secure his services for the occupation of a spare niche in (the newly-erected magnificent structure tliafc adorns tlie inter section of Bridge and Macquarie streets. If labelled ' Legal Eccentricity,' with his finger pointing in fche direction of fche Central Police Court, lie would form a statuesque sign-post of a highly successful and diverting character. While on; fche subject of lawyers, I may remark that some of fche legal ghosts who haunt police courts are a disgrace to their own and ? would be a disgrace to any profession. They are chiefly remarkable for extreme seediness of attire, for boots fche uppers of which seem to acorn all connection whatever with the soles, and for their extraordinary and transcendent bibular powers. These ' limbs' of the law, alike addle-brained and uneducated, stand out pre-eminent, in fche whole of the universe, as the most incompetent, unprincipled, poverty-stricken Bet of pettifoggers fchafc fcho full moon ever shone upon. ' O sliade of Eichard Roe come forth, Sny what aro these dull rascals worth ? Except to plead for snivelling thieves, 'Who've stolen pocket-handkerchiefs, And tell their Worships 'tis a sin To riwi suc/i virtuous orcatuvcs in.' These men will fcake, as a fee, anything they can get, from pawn-tickets} and jewellery to second hand slabs and old kerosene tins. Many a client has been defended by them for a quart of colonial ' she-oak and many a client who has paid beforehand has never been defended at all. The principal proy of fchese forensic vultures are those wrangling harridans who ' slang ' one another periodically from their several door-steps. Women, ifc is well known, generally consider ' consequences ' in lovo, but seldom in resent ment; ; thoreforo, thoy are generally willing to pawn their final flat-iron in order to ' sum mons ' an adversary or fco fee a pettifoggor. 'Standing in. fcho yard io ono of those legal ' gentle men ' — gentlemen, alas, be it said, grantod by Act of Parliament fcho title. He is attired in a dirfcy silk coafc and a duuty ' pot ' hat. lie is leaning forward and earnestly conversing' with a weeping matron. I take up a position hard by, and 'jHsar him cay — ' There's nothing like having a awyor, ma'am, n bhifl court. Don't you ties, the ittorneys know more law than the justices, and ?o they can cheek 'em like one o'clock.' ' But -fc'-s very dear, sir,' whimpers tho woman : ' one whole pound, and he's sure to be fined besides. 0 Jim, Jim, why did you get drunk and beat the police ?' The t outer takes the money, and shuffles off for his principal, whom ho possibly finds in the public-houso opposite, discussing an imicable 'pint' with tlie prosecuting constable ! Ill the seats outside tho Court aro occupiod. This blue-robed young lady, for instance, whose bloated countenance indicates great bibular powers, and who is laughing with another woman,, whose tawdry silk costume is ' relieved ' by a bizarre tracery of beer-stains, has been ' sum monsed ' for abusing another Hebe of her own class. She has, however, ' squared ' the matter ; for the prosecutrix arrives in a cab a few moments later, and she and the defendant commence laughing heartily together. Subsequently tliey adjourn in order — as they term it with ghastly jocularity — 'to put another nail in their coffins.' A .trio of rustic roysterers is standing — or rather reeling — in the passage. They were arrested the night before for drunkenness in Pitt-street., hav ing been poisoned early in the evening by the vile liquor of some low caft. They were, however bailed out during the night, and to judge from appearances, are in a fair way of once more being ' lumbered' to their old quarters. Their beards aro very long, and their pants are very tight, and in tlie case of each man I can — ' Marie his hat with lofty crown, His cheeks done tropically brown, And his ' My word— no fear ! ' ' Alas, alas ! With the march of civilization the ' gallant bushman's' troubles seem to increase. When he arrives in Sydney now, to gloat over tlie various lions, he is not ' lambed down' by one man, but by everybody. He is watched for, and waylaid, and clutched at, all day long. His meals are ' slung' at him, and his drink is hocussed. He is jeered at when ho is sober and hammered when he is drunk. Glad to escape from the shark who keeps his boarding-house, he flies to tho hotel. Here whenever he calls for a drink every one in the bar is ' rung in' to tlie shout. Disgusted with this, he migrates to worse quarters still, where he is sometimes kicked and invariably abused. So it is always 6 to 4 ho ends his day in the lock-up, and 10 to 1 that he will re turn to Murrurundi, or Wantabadgery, or where - ever he comes from, sick in body/ and soured in spirit, and yet, sad to say, neither a wiser nor a better man. The Crime Court at the ' Central ' could not be termed, even by the most enthusiastic police man, an attractive interior. It is an ill-lighted, ill-ventilated, and ill-looking dungeon, strongly suggestive of mediasval romances. As usual, in temples of Justice, it contains a dock,' a bench, a few very hard forms, and a good many stolid looking policemen. To the left is a pen devoted to the unsoaped ; to the right, running along the wall, are a couple of rows of seats, usually occu pied by constables in uniform and in mufti, and such of the general public as do not fear sitting next to a policeman. Running parallel with this, nearer the centre of the Court, is a narrow ledge with three chairs, being the quarters assigned by law to the reporters. Thero is one elderly Junius who is said to have occupied the same chair in the same place in that same court for over thirty years. This is the ' gentleman representing the Herald .' Only think ' thirty consecutive years listening to the strange utterances of amateur law- givers. What strange things that grey-headed scribe must have heard in his time ! What owlish wisdom he must have listened to ; what strange ' decisions' he must have chronicled ! Poor old fellow ! Ho has suffered greatly in this world ; let us hope he will be rewarded in the next. Seated at a little table facing fcho reporters is Sub-inspector M'lTay. This is a stern-faced party with ' His hair just grizzled, As in agroen old ago.' Mr. M'Kay is rather an irritable gentleman ; a continual contemplation of chuckle-headed justices and an incessant examination of muddle headed constables having soured his originally angelic disposition. That smartly-attired gentle man with a gold watch-chain and a diamond ring is Mr. Detective Lyons, who is known in military parlance fco bo ' an officer and a gonfcleman.' Mr. Lyons is quite a character, having risked his life more times in capturing desperadoes, and having bled more considerably for his suffering country, than any member of fche police force, from Joshua downwards. The bench is occupied by two magistrates, M'r. Crane and another gentleman whose patronymic appears to bo veiled in mystic obscurity. No one knows who ho is- and no ono appears fco want fco know ; though there is a vaguo rumour in tlie court that he keeps a grocery store in Campbelltown. The attendance is sparse, even amongst the shock-headed eons of toil, who ' most; do congregate' 'behind the rail.' The reason of this is that tho great sensation of the day is on at ' the Water,' whero I am told that thirty or forty magistrates are adjudicating upon the claims of erring publicans for license renewals. I therefore resolve to wing my flight thither, but before doing so visit tho Summons Court, which is at the other end of the passage. This Temple of Justice was presided over by Mr. Neale, J.P. — a bearded justice of autocratic demeanour — and closely resembles the Crime Court, being perhaps a trifle more dusty. The officer in charge is a genial ' crusher,' the musical sound of whose oft-repeated ' Si-/e»ce /' and the undulating flow of whoso magnificent beard command tho undiluted admiration of alb An ordinary neighbourly amenity case is being tried, in which Mr. Vardy is defending a lady for having called another ' a long nosed horror.' I am, however, informed by a courteous official tlint Inter on the licensing bench will sit hero also, I therefore do not tarry to ascertain the fate of Mr. Vardy's client, but gracefully retire, and urge my wild career in a threepenny 'bus to tlio Phillip-street Temple. As I approach, I perceive that there is an excited crowd surging about the entrances of the court ; that many cabs are in waiting ; many buggies boy-holden in attendance. The public house opposite is crammed with a gesticulatinS mob, and the hoarse voice of the barman mingled, with tho clink of tho glasses floats pleasantly upon tho breath of the warm autumn morning. The licensing is being proceeded with in tho large Crime Court, which is usually presided over by Mr. Marsh, P.M. — a magistrate who not only holes his position, but fulfils his duties in a highly conscientious and intelligent manner. On the occasion of my advent, however, Mr. Marsh was absent in the other court, and there were twenty-three magistrates on the bench, presided over by Mr. Penfold, who as most people are aware is a tobacconist in George- street, and a man who is not likely to allow his opinion on any subject to be influenced by anything any body could possibly urge ; — on this account lie is of the exact ' stuff ' which should constitute a model licensing magistrate. Mr. Penfold is chiefly romarkable for a long beard and his Eureka cigarettes. Twenty years ago Mr. Penfold was shopman to Mr. Lee, the cricketer. After some time he left his employer and started on his own account, succeeding so well that a transfer of his property became desirable — possibly because he had acquired too much of it ! He then retired to England for a while, but subsequently returned to these shores (triumphal arches, of course, awaiting him), and started once more in the snuff business. The excellence of his bird's-eye at tracted the attention of the then Premier, and Mr. P. 's returns having secured him . a satisfactory position, he was created a magistrate of tho territory. In appearance Mr. Penfold is like the frog in the fable, who had blown himself out with importance, in order to resemble the bull. He is very big, and intensely overbearing. In the button-holo of his ilhfitting coat he wears a flower almost as large as that of the ' mottle faced ' coachman in ' Pickwick and the wrinkles in his ' liomefloater ' are almost as numerous as tho cracks and crow's feet which ornament his great flat face. At the back of him, to the left, reclined that brilliant ornament to modern civili zation — M'Lean ! This person is full of fame, and is renowned as one of our mosfc inveterate stump orators. At one time he delighted in the ' wine that maketh glad the heart of man,' and . indeed the peculiar deep crimson of his ' apple cheekB ' tells to this day a tale of many a well crushed flask of red Falernian — many a tipped up long-sleever of our own colonial nectar (?). He affects a very bright belltoppor, a speckled blue necktie, and an all-round collar, inherited from somebody else's ancestor. Mr. M'Lean used to hawk bibles, and made but an indifferent living at that. Now he does not hawk anything (except his ' gab ') , and makes a better living than ever. Qui expliquera ce mystere ! M'Coy, the boot maker, was there too. Ho iB the grand some thing of the Orangemen, and is chiefly remark able for his hair, and for the fit of hio patent leathers. Callaghan, that amiable fossil, who sells shoos next door to the Coffoe Palace, was thero too. This old party's opinions aro that there is nothing like leather — and temperance. Therefore he will invariably refuse ant/ license on principle. Linsley, otherwise ' Black Jack,' was thero too. Thio magistrate used at one timo to sell butter and cheese in the market, but subsequently established himoelf in Sussex-street, next door to where Scott murdered the woman and cut her fco pieces ; in which case, it will bo remembered, Dr. Renwick first made his reputa tion as a surgeon by ' articulating ' the body. Then there was that ' living mystery,' Mr. Yincent Brown, who was once a clerk and noth ing, but who is now a J.P. and a land agent. Senior, fcho soap -seller, was grinning there also ; in short, I had tho felicity of beholding nearly all my tradespeople clothed in the majesty of fche law. Tho case I heard was tho police objection to tho renewal of tho house of Mr. Nathanial Smith. That Mr. Smith's houso had, according to the evidence, been improperly conducted, there can be no question ; at tho same time, suoh v/as the spirit of the Bench, and the combination of justices so plainly apparent, that they wero in the mood to havo refused any licenso to anyone — whether the house had been improperly con- , ducted or not. A large number of the jusfcicoB wero unknown even to the police, and where thoy dropped from and who they were ajipeared to be a profound mystery. Tho scene in court v/as at times indescribable ; and poor Hyman, the funny- looking official in charge of the courtO had no more chance of preserving ordor than I10 has of captivating a duchess. Two or throe so licitors were present, amongst whom wero Mr. Merriman, a gentleman, who at a distance is no t unlike the Prince of Wales in miniature, and whoso youth appears to be 110 bar to success in his profession. Next to him stood the celebratod advocate ' Joe Lowe' — that talented champion of stokers and cabmen. Facing them was tho great Gannon, who kept alternately chaffing the Bench, and objecting to everything. In the box stood Senior-sergeant Larkins — a tall, finolook ing, quietly- spoken man, who was dressed better than any of the justices. If Rumour is to bo be lieved, Mr. Fosbery is about to reward Mr» Larkins's unceasing industry by recommending his promotion to tho post of Sub-Inspector — 'a consummation devoutly to be wished.' Both Mr. Roberts (who came in later) and Mr. Cannon certainly treatod the Bench in an exceedingly cavalier manner — their attitude being at times suggestive of tho very extreme of cutting ontempt. At an early stago of tho proceedings 1 when a capital point of law ho raised had boon unanimously overruled, Mr. Cannon said fchafc for all fche chance of making an impression upon the Bench, he might a3 well put on his hat and walk out, and that he had a ' jolly good mind to do it' — a remark which caused tho magistrates to seethe and foam for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which period Hyman, tho oorgeant, grew black in the face with roaring Silence. On tho conclusion of Smith's case, in which fcho licenGO was refused, a large posse of the justices took cab, and rattled round to the Central, 00 aa fco bo in time to refuse the transfer of tho liconso of tho Columbia Hotel, and to devastate a few moro publicans. After a short stay at tho Central, during which I was pleased to observo tho ex-Prothonotary practising at tho solicitors' table, and sorry to see that he lost his case, tho Court adjourned, and I filed out after fcho ubiquitou s M'Lean, Angus Cameron, Senior, Bailey, M'Coy, and other distinguished justices. As I walked slowly away, I could not help repeating Bret Harto's well-known query — ' In our civilization a failure ? Or is the Caucasian played out ?' 