TUMUT NEW s . [i'ROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] SUPPOSED CAPTURE OF BYRNES. ihcro was no small- sonsntion among our* townspeopl'o on Tuesday morning last, whon it: got bruited about that Nod Kolly hud bcon scon at tho Royal Ilotol tho ovoning before, und that tho police had' captured Byrnes, one of tho gang, and had him sccuroly ironod in tho Tumut lockup. Pooplo, whon they first heard thonows,. treated tho affair as a jest manufactured by somo inventive genius for tho ninusoment of his follows, but tho sequel proved that thoro was a measure of truth, though perhaps somo would; say only a slight ono, in tho story, and it cer tainly provod no joke as far- as ono individual was concornod. A ' colored gonelman,' who. rojoicos in tho namo of Edwahl M. Kolly, earned into town on Monday Inst. IIo is a' smart Amorican darkey ; with him was au aged Celos~ tiul culled Potor, and a third man namod Josoph Tuok. The latter had a foolish habit of yarn ing about tho ICellys. Ho professed to bo on moit intimato terms with them, nnd hnd scou somo of tho gang quito rocontly. . Months ago' ho confidontially imparted this information to Constable Hawkins, stationed here. Tuck, with his mates, is gold-digging- at Brokon Cart Croek, ohd thoy only camo to5 town 'a^intfervals?01 Tho polico horo doteoted a wonderful resem blance in Tuck to tho outlaw Byrnos, and any ono who knows Tuck, and has studied tho out~ law's description, must como to tho samo ' conclusion as tho polico, viz., that twin brothors could not bo more uliko. Thon it camo to tho oars of tho polico that Alfred Collins, whoso smithy is opposite tho barracks, had known tho Kolly mob in Victoria, and Sorgoaut Zoollnor conferred with Collins on tho mattor, and de sired him to go to tho Royal, and soo if among tho mon thoro ho could dotuot Byrnos. . littlo did tho unsuspecting Tuck dream of tho web that was weaving around him. Ho divulged important secrets to Constablo Hawkins, and ' was most desirous to stand treat for ono, whom he doomed a capital fellow. Collins camo upon tho scone, and was perfectly satisfiod with only a back viow of tho man ho sought — in fact, so sure was ho of tho outlaw's identity that ho said ho folt quite startled, nnd quickly returning to tho sergonnt and coustnblos waiting without, ho said — u Woll, if ho is not Byrnos, thon it muBt bo his ghost.' Tuck wns accordingly chargod aud arrested. On Tuesday morning ho wns brought up and romnndod. On Wednosday ho again had .a hearing, aud then, as will be seon by tlio.npppndod report of tho case, -was dis charged. Quito n crowd mnstorod to got a look at tho man Tuck ns ho left tho court. I may add that Tuck stated ho was known to Mr. Grundy* wheelwright in Wagga, and ho further said ho was a native of Molvor in Victoria. Upon tho police inquiring of Mr. Grundy, that gentleman sfotod that ho know a young man named Joseph Tuck, of a very fair complexion, who came from Holvor, in Victoria, eo far corroborating Tuck's statement. The following is what took placo beforo the Polico Magistrate : — POLICE COURT. Wednesday, 9th Juno. (Boforo Mr. W. Vynor, P.M.) Josoph Tuck was brought beforo the Court, on remand, charged on suspicion with being Josoph Byrnes, ouo of thb Kelly gang, charged with tho murder of Sergeant Konnody and Constables Scanlon and Lonergan at Mansfield in Viotoriu on tho 2Gth Ootobor, 1878. August Zoollnor, sergeant of polico, doposed that, in company with First-class- constable MoArthur and Constablo Hawlcins, he arrested tho* prisoner, Josoph Tuck, on suspicion of being tho outlaw Josoph Byrnes, at 11 p.m. on Mon day, tho 7th instant. IIo oxplainod tho chargo to tho prisoner, who said nothing in rofereuco to it ; prisonor said ho camo from Victoria about last November, by himsolf; said ho know nothing of tho notorious Kolly gang, savo what ( bo had read in the papers ; prisoner answers tho description given in tho 'Polico' Gazottte ' of Josoph ? Byrnos the outlaw ; witness brought prisonor to tho Tumut lockup, and loeked him up. Prisoner declined to ask any quostions, and said tho sorgoant's ovidonco was right. Alfred Honry Collins, blacksmith, stated that boforo coming to Tumut ho was living in Wan garattu, in Victoria; was living thoro two years ago, in 1878 ; ho know Edward Kolly and Hart, nnd had seen Byrnos ; had been within six or sovon yards of him in tlio day-timo; witnoss wont to Frasor's Hotol on Monday night last, and saw prisoner thoro ; at first got a back viow of him, and thought he was Byrnes tho outlaw ; ho resembles him a great deal ; witness then had a conversation with prisoner ; ho said ho knew tho Kellys, aud described them, and also Hart, but said nothing of Byrnos ; prisonor wns spoaking of a placo callcd tho Sawmills, below Wangaratta, and said Edward Kolly broko out aftor ho left tho Sawmills; witnoss know tho placo montionod. Witnoss said again that pri sonor resomblcd Byrnes, but on looking at his eyes, ho would rathor swear ho was not Byrnos than that ho was. To tho prisonor : You told mo you know tho Kellys. Prisonor was discharged. I havo to chroniolo tho happy fact that butcher's moat is yet furthor rcduccd in prico ; sirloin 2d. por lb., cornod boof ljd., mutton Id. Messrs. lviloy and Sous havo brought it down thus. Mr. Itodgor has brought down tho 2 lb. loaf to 3d. Mr. Martin ? starts his new bnkorv to morrow. It is not improbablo that bread will full yet lowor. Mr. D. Richardson is about opening tho fifth blacksmith's shop in Tumut. Tho trmlo is fully roprosontod now. 