^aXk^mtnX §jkm A Goemmbe** GasOt* exfzaordinary wax issued on January 27, further proroguing Par liament to TnewUy, March 16. The thirty-sixth monthly meeting of the Bocfchampbm Building Society, So. 0, was held at die offices of the Secretary -Mr. B. L. Difadin) last night, Messrs. W. Boldeman and H. Schmidt preskung as sitting directors. The snbseriptiooB and interest received amounted to £IG9 4s. 4d. Ko advance shares were sold. Feox a detailed account of the crashinge on tfae HfldgldnsonGoIdnJa, poWtebed in tfae Mixing Noa at the 10* January, we notice that a grand total of 21,422 tons IS cwt of quartz was put tfarough Hie various mills of die district during 1S79, yielding 31,653 oil. 13 dwts. IS grs. of gold, or an average of 1 oz. 9 dwts. 13 1-Sth grains per ton. NoTwiTHSTUaHSG tiie unfavoarable weatfaer on Thursday, there was a good sftpmlinrp at Mr. Cortis'' real property sale. The allot ments in William-street, near the 6hoir Grounds, were all sold at the rate of «70 per acre. The Derby-street allotments also found purchasers at £360 per acre. Some allotments near die Binge reabsed at the rate of £7O per acre. One hundred and sixty acres in die parish of Mnrehison, part of d^estateof the late Mr. M. C. Consett, sold at 15s. per acre, and another lot in the same estate of 22 acres on tfae Port Curtis Road, brought 55s. per acre. The Hibernian HoteL Quay-street, was sub mitted, but was passed in at £1230, the owner declining to accept tint amount. The offers for allotments at North Bockhampton did not reach tile owner's limit, and were consequently not sold. We invite attention to 'a suspicious ease' reported in another page. It appears tint a middle-ared man named Ingram, possessed of a considerable sum of money and other valnabks, was lound by Sergeant Carey at Dingo last Tuesday in a state of unsound mind from excessive drinking, and a coloured man and white woman were taking charge of him and his property under circum stances decidedly suspiciouE. The coloured man impudently refused to give up die pro perty, when fidgeaut Carey brought him to his senses by threatening him with a pair of hanacuns. Thefdlon-thmgaveDpt-flannelbag, which included among its contents a draft for £S0 payable to Ingram at tfae Queensland National Bank, Roefchampton. By Sergeant Carey's prompt action the unfortunate man has been placed in safe keeping. There is said to be evidence tfaat be has been distributing cnegues and cash in a lavish manner, evidently not knowing what he was doing, and tiie pro babiuty is that whilst in dris helpless state be has been robbed of a large amount of money. It is believed tfaat he is a an of the Ber. Mr. Ingram, a well-known clergyman near Leeds. We are courteously informed by Mr. M. D. M-Gacham, who arrived from Gladstone Wednesday.thatheieceivedatelegramrnnihis partner, statins tfaat tile steamship Stratfaleren has arrived in England witfa her freight of fresh meat and butter in perfect order. This is very encouraging news, and we hope soon to hear that die meat has sold at satisfactory prices and proved tite practicability of I renumeratave trade being carried on m die export of nesh —*'**' from Asb tralia to the mother country. A few profitable ventures of this kind in succession would impart firmness t-- our cattle market and onen outa nrosnectof better times for owners of live stock in these colonies. An improvement in die value of cattle (wffirictit to admit of a fair profit to tfae grazier, is now the main thing needed to bring us a return of prosperity. Stock-owners should therefore* pluck up courage and by means of the re frigerating process and meat-tanning provide an ample marlrft for their present and prospective surplus stock. We are not in formed of die date on which tfae Stratfaleven arrived in England, but she left Melbourne, where she completed her loadins, ou the Ctb December, and nw-mmng that she arrived in England on tfae 2nd instant, the passage from Melbourne occupied fifty-debt days, or slightly under two maatfas. The cargo of die Steatfaleven was not made up entirely of fresh meat and butter, but consisted partly of wooL The steamer PoDy. in charge of Captain Oliphant, arrived on' Wednesday afternoon, at four o'clock, from Gladstone, bringing Mr. H D. M-Eachara, Captain Eraser, of the barque City of Aberdeen, and Captain Brown, of Brisbane, Marine Surveyor, from Gladstone, at passengers. The cargo by tfae steamer comprised about IS3 hales of wool ; 20 bales being for Lake's Creek, to undergo washing and repacking ; 100 damaged bales for sale by auction here ; and 62 sound bales for ship ment in die City of Aberdeen. ThePouy did not come through the Narrows tins trip, but rounded Cape Capricorn. During tfae passage die fall force of tfae prenOing south east gale was encountered until t—wh; Gafa-ombe Head, when the wind was of course nearly astern. Tfae barque Woodvilm, and Lumore, schooner, were paaaed at anchor in Keppel Bay, where they have been nrf-iincd whWiiB dams. Wie nndaSEstand tfaat die bole in tbe Scottish Knight e bottom has been stopped by means of a piece of indianibber, about dm* inches in thickness, bring anted on the outside, and fastened inside the hold, within iron bolt and xmt aawwl down tightiy. This will enable Hie vessel to be taken to Sydney and docked for the purpose of having an iron pbte let into her. There are stuTsome 900 bates of sound wool at Gladstone for die CSty of Aberdeen, and it n thought tfaat lie barque may probably ship tUswaol in Keppd Br/m fiufc&ugteloaauig; here, tbe expense bang lessened by die wool being conveyed there instead of being brought Tte&i; nor? A mxUKD license was granted at fl* Police Court on Thursday to Janet M-Gregor of tie Qoeen's Hotel, Dunham-street Irisgratifyuwto find that the list of sub scriptions to the Irish Dist»» Relief Fund collected in Kockharopton np to Tuesday bat amounted to £488, and otter sums have yet by The sale on Thursday of damaged wool from the Scottish Knight, at Uie Waiiam-street Show Grounds, attracted a considerable atten dance, despite tile unfavourable weather. About S50 bales were advertised to be sold, but during dK morning 133 bales were claimed by the owners and withdrawn. _The bikwing are die particulars of the sate:— Lflt L, is bales, CHR, W. Pattisou purchaser, at £S 10s. per bale; No. 2. 3S bales. Borne over Terriek. ATBerttam at £S 10s.; So. 3, 16 hales, TK Terricfc, W. Pattison, £8; No. 4. 30 bales, Gordon Downs, J. Headriek and Co., £9 2s. 6i Tbe proceeds ot the sail- amowilMi to £746 33- . RlSFScroie tiK alligator mentioned .''''J Mg near Yaambs, we ore informed that it was ^ shot by Tare, tbe well-known Yaamba boat man. As he was pausing up the river he saw the reptile on die bank, and after reaching tie township, he returned along tile river banks When -within twenty yards of the alligator he fired with his rifle and lodged a bullet in it neck. Subsequently be towed his game to Taamba, where it is undergoing die process of stoning preparatory to being brought to BjK&hampton; for exhibition. The alligator is a small one, being slightly over twelve feet in vsngtfa. Ik die G-xmmatG-mlU of last Saturday the following regulation under the Bauway Act of 18747upubuBhed:— 'Kb person shall assault any officer or servant of diecommnv aioner while in die execution of Ids doty. Any person so oBending may be at once ressoved from tile railway im miiai ^DrllBtt better enforcement of this regwurixm the following bye-law is also nude and gasettedt — ' Any person who shall assault any officer or servans oe me *'*m— M*mnw**y wnne m ^se exeeubton of his duty shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds (£10), and may he at once removed from tfae railway pre We learn thai Mr. Sydney WiDiaM! of ifcis town is tiie successful competitor for die plans invited for tfae proposed near Town Han, Oer mont x telegram having been received to that enact by Mr. Williams. The building will be two storeys high, supported on large caunnns and constructed of hardwood, having a wide balcony in front, the railioE of which wfl! he of cast iron. On the ground floor there wul be* large and roomy hall available for public meetings, in sdnl*^** to file mmu cinalooices. The upstairs floor osutains rooms for the Masonic and Oddfellows' lodges, witii convenient unte-roouis. The estimateo' cost rf tiK structure is £1000. Mr. Vraiiams ifi to lie ?^^pfwrtinialW'ii on I?*8 iHiiypwu. A CGBBESPOSDEOT, WEIf*'p hilDBt^f 'An ^npl^hn^r.' Elites to &e; BrlttxW CottTicr, *dvootinR the ctfef of ttie erigtmfidi-faegs in beSaUid bv iiwisUnii of vpoc cmtgniim dtmh that onintrvto-Jm-enelsiia. His proposal is tfaat the Queensland Parliament should be at once summoned for the transaction of busi ness :-(L) To pass a. short Ml, authorising die Agent-General for Immigration to charter ?, fuiHif-i»»fil. [inmlmwr of VteaMaS to BUl from inah porte dirert to various ports in t±iB cnlmf , euh vessel to fating out a certun monber of FaiiimH'ii front tiie famme«tricken districts. And (2) that the Bum of £500,000 he voted out of the new loan to defray die expense of this plan of immigra tion. The pfauin so -hBaru tfaat we should rot call attention to it but for the circum stance tiiat Ike principle underlying it, of establishing a nairnrr nnmigration at tiie expense of die colony, has recently found many advocates. The '»«™»»l tendency of tfae scheme proposed would be to rid tfae uwUiet country of die helpless and worthless people who are a perpetual charge upon tfaa poor rate, and would in » large majority of cases be equally helpless here. Tfae ne'erdo well class sre generally incurably helpless, and their removal from one country to another will notmaketbemtiriftyandbidependentof chari table aid. In BeU-defeneeQaeemuand cannot dins undertake the relief of the overbur dened parishes of the old muutry, and so far from tins colony being in s. position toliaydie cost of such immigration, it could not permit it on a large scale on any terms, and wens an organised effort made at home to send out paupers to this colony, it would be thedntyof theCotarialOovemmentto call upon tfae Imperial authorities to pat * jjl .-. +a BnAh _w. m.iiHf sm.-iii. ii iij.ns VLa BWy »VU S«U1 wal niljlini |»ismmor. MJWB interests of die mother country and the colonies in tibi3 nratfrfr watc bry no nmu identical, and the Colonial Goramments have undertaken die expense of maintaining agencies of tiieir own in order to select emi grants suited to die wants of «fae Colonies. Possibly these agencies have not always been very successful in the class of people they have sent out, but die present system works better than die former one of jproenring immi grants through die agency of the Imperial Commissionera. The classes wanted most in the colonies ue abte-booied, bard-working, and industrious, who are also wanted at home. It is only a few years smee die English press teemed with complaints that tfae Coteual immigration agencies were draining the old country of the bone and sinew of its population. Din Queensland immigrant. have w3metimes come in faster than they could find employ, ment, it has not been so much trotntbeir excessive numbers sa the want of diserimina tiooindie selection of suitable persons. An industrious, tirifty immigrant usually finds no drffimKy in taking ore of himself and tine belonging to him, sod I in . nor country abounding m tmdevdopea resources sacn addition to oar population do not help to lower wages, but open oew avenue, of employ ment and assist in tfae accumulation U wain* We leaxagfeun the Bmtddierg M-ul that tfae Minister for Iandi has dsened it neces ?ay to npai Mr. G. M. B. Geary. Land r ? ???? i at Bundabenr. the reason, it is reported, bemghis having faned to send in renured returns to the head office. Tux Eetmiivj Nor* contains the following telegrams:—' London, January It The rumoured alliance between Bmou and France ii regarded aa menacing towards Gnu;, and the latter Power m largely increasing her artillery fames throughout the Empire. The ?an. Kruno, aod nmnitiaa are being accumulated at all the chief military pasta! —The Dote Frederick Christian Angolas, of Schleswig-Holsteiu, n dead. — fresh complications have arises at Cabul, in consequence of the Cabulese protesting their inability to pay the fine imposed anon Una by General Boberts, for tim treacherous and insurrectionary conduct after the \- capitulation of their city.' M Boxocgs of the existence of a shipping ?l ' ring' in Sydney have been in circulation {or eome weeks past, and tbe great advance which has taken place in freighta it said to be dae ?acre to the operations of tins ring than to the increased demand for dapping. K sow ap pears that ? coanter movement is being made in Sydney by which the public win, we trust, be aavBd from further imposition m regard to the rates of bight. A. telegram m the Comer states that twenty-one of the principal imp-**ing houses in Sydney have joined in a letter of rastrnctione to their London agents, directing them not to allow any of their good. to come through the hands of the shipping ring, but to employ a shipping broker, even at as high rates as would be charged by the ring. Br Hie courtesy of Mr. W. J. Taylor, we are favoured wiA a copy of the £flj-f»nrth report of |]» Anatolian Joint Stock Bank, presented to the shareholders at their half yearly meeting on Thursday, 22nd nUimo. The report shows a credit balance of £3775 profits earned during the past six months mereascd the amount available for distribution to £45,0718 5s. HM-, appropriated as follows ;— To dividend and bonus equal to 124 per cent, per annum, £31,250; to reserve, £10,0110; to credit of new account, £3828 Ss. lOi. From the S. ST. HeraM. we learn that the report was adopted on the motion of Mr. E. Lord. Chairman of Directors. Messrs. E. lord, W. B. Watford, and (f. A. Long were elected directors, and Messrs. G. Durham andC. A. If vies elected auditors. The steamer Polly arrived from Gladstone on Saturday with a further quantity of the Scottish Knight's wool, amounting to 302 bales, all damaged. This wool was taken to the Siow Grounds, William -street, and opened ant. lit will be sold fay auction at an early date, for the benefit of those concerned. All the wool has been taken oat of the barque, as well as the tallow, with the exception of about ten casks, and there remains 1675 hales of sound wool for the Polly to bring here for -?m—'-* in the City of Aberdeen. The tallow was landed in an almost worthless condition. On January 38 the Scottish Knigbt was towed by the Polly to South Trees Beach, where she was made secure. At low tide about forty feet of her keel was visible, but nothing of the spot where the damage was done eoold be observed, so that it is supposed to be right aft of the vessel. However, during the next spring tides the barque will he Boated after the damage is temporarily re paired and then taken to Sydney. Captain Fraser. of the barque City of Aberdeen, pro ceeded to Gladstone oh Saturday night to tike cbatge of -fae Scottish Kmght daring Captain Lawaon'e absence for the wniwiae of F*t°*^;nr the inquiry. '^ ^^ A nme of the Committee appointed at ? late meeting of persons interested in the establishment of tiw sugar industry is this district, was held in Mr. EL L. Dibdin'e office. East-street, on Tuesday aftemooou, at four o'clock. There were present :— His Worship the Mayor (Mr. John Ferguson;, and Messrs. E. Sharpies., J. Boms, J. Stewart. W. Mnnro, 8\. T. Morris, A. Meikle. G. Heteher. H. Veapemumn, and B. L. Dibdin. Tfae Mayor took tbe chair. The Secretary (Mr. E. L. Dibdin) read the minutes of the previous meeting, which were confirmed. The report of the anb-awmittee (Messrs. /. Ferguson, B. Sharpies, and W. Allen) was then read, which stated they had visited, hi company wieh Messrs. 3. Stewart, S. T. Morris, and W. H. Buzaoott, tfae Pandora estate, the pro perty af Mr. Peter Murray. The partieulara of the report were in substance identical with those published in our yesterday's issue, with the important addition that tfae Committee valued the property at £1S8B. or £2 an acre, a conditional selection of 6«0 acres in the vicinity of the estate being thrown in. The Secretary also read telegrams from gentlemen at Mackay and Bundaberg, who promised to reply fully by letter to the question submitted to them. Mr. Mnnro inquired bow it was that the prise of tie property had been ~,^,i™~- u £3000. The Chairman stated that Mr. Murray had offered the property to at feast three persona in town for that sum, and they therefore, while considering the land well worth that money, could Dot give a higher price. A conversation ensued on the prospects of the water supply on the land, Mr. Bores stating that to crush case producing two tons of sugar a day a tweuty4i*e horse power engine would he required, which would me in steam 3000 gallons water daily, and that another 1000 gallons would be wanted for other purposes. This would necessitate a supriy of 3000 gallons a-day, or in the season 300,000 or 400,000 gallons ; and it was Att once admitted J-y the ViwtJng Committee that there was nothing like such a quantity at present available at Pan dora. By » rough calculation, it was estimated that it would coat £150 or £300 to make excavations for a dam capable of ?bring such a quantity, and H was the general opinion that each a dam could be made, and that the drawback of the scanty water supply waa not insurmountable. Means. Xwbmh Stewart made some aupwutiaU lemaiks -an this aspect of the question. It was alw stated that the Cotmathx were not at aO confined to the Pandora property, but that a from the ream ?nentioJedtt™ found «n- mubfe, there were many other places in (he neiehbonrbood of the town where these were boHi plenty of water and goodsoO. Afro a MI rfnmnsion of the question, it was ulti mately decided, on tfae motion of Mr. Sharpies, seconded by Mr. Bams, that Mr. H. C. Campbell he invited to visit the estate estate profeasionaliy, and report on its suita bility for water storage. Toe Committee then adjourned. Ok Saturday the Police Magistrate granted a slaughtering license to Sarah Watson of Gracemere. Tux Customs coDections at this port from Jaauarv 36 to 31 inclusive, amounted to £1183 18s. Sd, and for the past month £6453 2a. Sd. This shows, as compared with the corresponding month of last year, a gratifying increase of £1337 8s. 3d. Tee Government GnaiU of Saturday last notifies that kmurie pine trees, Dammara rabusta, and Dsmaara Him, and hoop pine Ijiw ^ Axancatia Ctmningbanii, of a diameter less than 3ft., shall not be cat down under any circumstances, either by licensees or any other persons-, and that the Beckhampbm Town Common, nineteen miles square, is placed under the control of the municipality. Ock Brisbane telegrams notify the death of Sub-Inspector Couopy, who left here m the Governor BbtekalL steamer, on her last trip to Brisbane. Mr. Couopy joined tfae Queens land police force abort (oartzen yean ago, and received promotion for bis servieee rendered the colony. He was in failing health for the past few months, and it was thought the removal to Brisbane woold have a I— -«--' effect, but it has unfortunately proved other wise. The numerous friends of Mr. Couapy wfll regret to bear of his death while in the prime of life. The deceased leaves a widow and one ddd. Tee Governor BlaekaU, steamer, with the Lytton, dredge, arrived in the river on Mon day afternoon. The BUekall left Brisbane on Monday, but owing to a heavy south-east £ale ebe had to anchor in More too Bay until Thursday morning at ten, when she took her departure for Maryborough, arriving there on Friday. The dredge was then taken in taw, being made fact with two ten inch hawsers. Coming down the Mary Hirer the dredge got foul of some rocks while rounding them, bat an the BUckaU going astern she came off without sustaining damage. The Mary River was left on Saturday morning at eight, and Woody Island cleared shortly aftenrards, the steamer going at about six knots an hour. Eeppel Bay was reached on Sunday at noon, and the BUctall anchored at tfae river beads at four o'clock. Yesterday afternoon tfae Lytton was left snugly moored below the ligbtahip at the Plata. There was a strong south-east wind prevailing during the passage, but happfly the praguostications of oar Maryborough friends fen- east been realised. The l/arvtoro«ff* dtrowk was in error in stating that Captain KigbtmgaU had resumed command of the Governor Blaekafl, as there was not the slightest grounds for suppuaiug that Captain ttynu had relinquished -his position as master of the vessel. The dredee is in charge of Mr. James Stone, chief engineer, lately engaged on the bepper barge Dugong. The Sab- committee appointed at the preliminary meeting held in Messrs. Dibdin and Cummins' offices on the 29th ultimo to consider the advisability of forming a com pany to purchase Pandora Estate, with a view to the formation of a sugar plantation, drove out to theA^ricslturalfieserreoQ Monday and inspected the property in question. The members of the Sub-committee (Messrs. J. Ferguson, K. Sharpies, and W. Alien) were ail present, aod were accompanied by Mr. J. Stewart, S. T. Morris, and W. H. Buzacott. Pandora is a freehold, the property of Mr. Peter Murray, and is under oner, together with a conditional purchase selection on lime stone Greek (two and a-faalf miles distant) for £3000— £1900 in cash and £500 to be taken tn shares. The estate consists of a block of 010 acres, fenced in ; CO acres being ploughed and ready for tfae cane. There is also the dwelling-house, with out-houses, garden, and other improvements. The land, which adjoins FitzroyPark {Mr. John Murray's estate), con sists throughout of the well-known rich black soil of the Agricultural Beserve, and varies in depth tram one to 6re feet Some good case has been grown on a portion of the land and also on other parts of the Beserve, notably on Mr. John Murray's adjoining, and on Mr. M'Gavm's, a near neighbour— the land in both these places being simQu- in character to that of Pandora. The soil is a stiff loam which readily becomes friable on being tamed sp and exposed to the action of the sen, and the land is on a gentle incline snflicient to promote drainage, and for the most part exposed to the rising sun. This latter recom mendation is an unportantone, as reducing to a minimum the danger of injury to the grow ing cane by frost. The coldest time iu the twenty-four hours is immediately before sun rise, and frost is seldom wen in this climate except in low-lying damp localities where the early morning sun has no influence. Perhaps the greatest drawback to Pandora as a uucar plantation is its deficient supply of water. A well has been sunk eighty feet deep, which gives a supply of good and wholesome water for domestic purposes, though not sufficient in dry seasons for a sugar factory. It is probable that by sinking thuweU an additional eighty feet a sufficient supply would be permanently gained. But a brick tank large enough to contain 30,000 or 30.000 gallons, might perhaps be boiltata smaller cost, and the roofing of macuine{(aVfc other sheds woold keep up a good sujiply of rain Water. The mreirrwrol purchase selection, which i. of «qol area to Pandora (viz, 6*0 aeresVwMnotviaited. It has a frontage to limestone Creek, sad would makE a saod *rr*tmg pauVaock. The mi-committee wB1 to-day draw snp their report to be submitted to an early aweting of the general committee When that report beeoaues pubbc we shall discuss more fallj the merits of the Pandora property. We ansy mention that Mr. M 'Gavin's farm was visited, sad it has abort tiwee-qaaiten of an acre ander sugar cane of a dozen varieties, mottiy planted in Jrfy last. and now in a healthy aod vigorous condition. I A mrau- received from Brisbane by tbe I District Receiver in Insolvency, Mr. a G. HrH, ] states that Bhoua Brown and Leonard Hos pital, storekeepers, ef Emerald Downs, were adjudicated insolvent on January 31. Ha. V. C. Bbicg ha kindly shown ns a utter Kcerrod from the |HOTlii't^™»g party which recently left town C search of gftld. The writer states that tbe party arrived at Stockyard Creek, thirty-two mules from iiockhamntou and about tea miles from Raglan, on Wednesday, filing their camp on Friday. The Canarim aerab had been explored and a few prospects tried, and the first and only bag knocked out and washed £a.ve encouraging prospects. Tbe gall; looked promising, but the absence of ' water was a drawback, as the wasfadirthadts \ be carried two raiir-i to water, bo cam havxag faOen lately. ShesM a downpour not take place the natty intended to move ten miles further. Tbe writer mentioned that it was the first time the Eastern slope of the Cassarina scrub had been tried by white men. Txz.GrnmnmadGazr1tr.ti tbe 2Mb afeuBO contain. Begtar '.'eueroiet of tfae SusreaK' Court with reference to tbe admission of aofictors. These repealed all former rales, and took effect from the 1st January last- A preununary literary rnaiiiuliinn has been made much mare scat thing titan formerly. Tbe sabjeets of this exasatnatien are as follow:— 1. Writing from dictation, i Writing a short Enguah eompositian. 3. Arithmsstic^the first fan crieaTsimple and compound; the rule of three, and decimal and vulgar fractions. 4. Geography of Earope aad History of England. 5. Latin, ele mentary. 6. Any two languages to be selected by tfae candidate of Latin. Greet, Flench, German, Spanish, and lUliao. Another change is the estabtishmeut of as intennediate law .examination, whick is to be submitted to within the six months next sneeeedinf! the day on which a candidate completes half his term of service as aitided clerk, ff the candidate *»a« to pass an intermediate examination within twelve months next after the date of the expiration of tiou abal] be postponed for a period equal to the period intervening betwen the expiration of such twelve months and his passing such intermediate examination, or for such shorter period as the Board of Exasainen may, on the ground of Sheas «r on other special grown, tdmct. uhe sOBaU ^Ti'Ba'ii»vtsWTii in dodes tie foHorag objects :— 1. Priaraples -rf law aad procedure 2. Prmcipies of die | (mcbc& of a*natur— y ?mi Mjjr 3. THa lav nd pndaoe of ineotvency. 4. Criminal law and practice. 5. Practice of tfae eoartB of inferior jorttrdidam. $. ConstfttdMval law mtotl aUfipi hprf^ji'v. Tbe final ^« f^ujiitirnvi jg ticereCon somewiu-t fnwr than thai bereto fore held, wfcidi indsded eight papas. At the fifteenth l»H-ynriy meeting of «liarebolde»oftittQ«airianaNa±^ beld on Thrasd-y. 2*i. tdtimo, tbe report aad balance cfaeet, which w* bare afcemdy psb Iwhed, was adopted wianimondy, on tbe motion of the Chjunnan of Directors (Hob. F. H. Hartjw eeconded by Mr. B. t-. -forehead, M. L A- £b moving tbe adoption of tbe report, the Chairman made the following remarks : — ** Jjooting at tbe figures in tfae baJance-ebeet it j most seem sarprising that ire should fasTe ? achieved endi great results in the com- j pacttivcly short space of seven and a-iiali yeaxs. No doubt tie m*gnitade of the items on both sadee of the «beet is to a great extent attributable to tbe Goveniineiit Fanning Account, wfaidi ns taken orer on tfae I Ufa September last in this colony and in London - I do not enppoge thai, any of yon have isaAgined that lube crat incfttse under tbe bead of 'BOls reeerrahle and other debts doe to the bank1 has been occasioned by va undue and forced expansion of the business, but I deem it right to state f or your informa tion that the bulk of tbe Government balances were taken over by tbe bank in London, and as we have to allow the Gorenunent interest on the sums lodged with us until the money is brought out to the colony, we hare invested these funds on short loans, on securities of tbe highest class, and generally re-payable in fourteen days. In order to secure absolute safety and immediate convertibility, we have had to coDXeot onnelTes with a rejy small margin of profit, but iu the gintteJ state of the London money market this could not be avoided. 7ne ouarteriy return to the Govern ment of this bank's assets and habnitieR within the colony np to 31st December last j ahowsthat the average amount of 'debts due j to the bant' was £1,528,000. which pins an increase over the previous nnarter of £7&000. Bnt whilst desiruus of making it dear to you that we hare not been launching out, so to I speak, in tbe colony, where short-dated | transactions are not plentiful, it affords me do : little satisfaction, to be able to mention that we have latterly been in a poahaon too arall ' ourselves of opportunities for extending our couunerdal business here, and I can also con- ' fidently assert that this bank has endeavoured, I the tuonetarr preswn? to which recently this community 'has been subjected.' Ice Hon. F. H. Hart was re-elected a director, and Messrs. T. Cnauck and A. B. Webster were re-elected auditors. We are in receipt of a specimen of the Commercial Calendar for 1880. ianed frasj the printing establishment of Messrs. Warwick and Stprford. of Brisbane. Ik calendar as heautifufiy tDamiiiated, ariaataihi style equal to anything we have seen n Una line either in the colonies or the rtl.i THEetection for Municipal Auditors for tbe ensuing year took place « Tuesday, the snumg hemg conducted in each at tbe tfaree wards, it half-past fire. Mr. Alderman fi I ? u ? il the result as follows, at the Municipal Cham ber, viz.: — CnaMate. Ante, ntzn? . Loddkntt. T«U. J. S-Ttfc .. . 7S n K US iiE*. .. » s » a T. KBioa .. E U « M ?^e.cinKii .. a a * it F. Honkn .. SS S C «C J.Oaser.. - S U ? t? itctsrs. John Smith and Henry Waiter Eioen were thcreSore dedsred duly ekcted. Tke Maryborough papers evidently fad very omen aggrieved by the «etefmunatMiu of the Government to send the dredge Ijytlsa to tfee Fitzroy Kirer. Tbe Chnmxk of tbe S7«h oltimo says :— 'The Governor UadcaB, %jl, asais under the command of Captain C J. MgbtiHgall, who is transferred to her from the ' EguMot.' is dae here to-day {ram Brisbane, and is under charter to tow the dredge Lfttoa to her long home m the Fitzrsy river. The very elements are with us in Brotestiu£agsinSt this piece of engineering foBy, tor we learn that tbe heavy weather jrci-aflini on the «e-i renders the departure of the old dredge at present an Knasability. We should not like tbe Lytton to come to grief t* romU ami fetch bottom in about 139 {athoms, as she prebafarr would if exposed to a heavy sea, though, should neb a o£«*rupl* eccur, there are some beattkaB Bemben «f the great liberal party who would faugh ansnt cun someffly.' We beg to acknowledge the renapt from Mr. Charles C. Barber of a cheque far £E (six sounds) eaDeeted on Cousaeto Gtatisn towards the Irish Famine Befief Fund, and BhaD have very mnch pleasure in handnw it over to tfae Bockbaapton TreasareR. %e trust that other stations wnl fooow thecaad example set then byCansuels. Mr. Barber writes:— 'Seeing as much of the disireni of thepeopleof beiaad in the late papers, and of the Eubseriptions being eoOecsed tor them, I thought a small cumcouM fcep* faamthe people WBrkinjr on thai station, to help in the good work of keeping ntarvatism frem some of the poor people then. I there fore beg to hand you a cbeoue of £S for Oat purpose, and ask you to UaBV nhue it with tfae eoueetors. If the owners and managers of ether stations woaU also try, tan sure a considenUe saw midrt be got i paratrrely aneh hi-B wages, and ess OBflj snare a few shSanigg or deny Ilirsanliin n i few nips at the puttie-bouse 'forthe safe of those m Ireland.' A nxKOUsncm forwarded to tbe Brisbane CsKrxr through the Superintendent of Telegraphs, Adelaide, gives the nmnea of same of tfae best known members of the Irish - Distress ippea! Committee formed is BuUm, and we re-poblish them as afturding a means wbereby the public may form an estnatte of the comporftion of the Omindtlee and the confidence to be mpusul m im impar tiality. Tbe names are as follow: — Edmund Dwyer Gray, M.P. far Trpperury. and Lord Mayor of Dublin. «hairuun; Maurice Brooks, M.P. for Snbfin City; George Ekine Browne, M.P. far Mayo ; James C. Golvilk, M.P. for ? ; J. E. D. W. Curran; Colonel Danjer, M.P. for Por fariingtoo; Victor L. Daion ; Ki^bt Ban. E. Gib son, M.P. far Dublin Dniieratt), Attorney-General for IreUnd; Sir Arthur Cumness, M.P. for DubGn ; Colood Ehn; Hmi' SLP. for SB to; E. H. Eaa haa. Mr. Labertouche, the Earl of Meath, Vbeoont Honck, the Boman Catholic Archbkibop of DiMn; X. 9. Murphy, M.P. for Cork; Tbe Ot-mor Oon, M.P. for Boscommon ; Lord O^Hagan ; Bon. D. FIunke±L,M.P.forDuUmUniveraay; William Shaw. SIP. for Cork; George Siaerson, L.L.D.; P. f. Smyth, M.P. for Westmeath ; tfae Provost of Trinity College, Dublin ; B. C. Trench, Protestant Archbishop of Dublin ; the Protestant and Boman Catholic Archbishups and Bishops of Ireland ; and the Moderator of tbe General Assembly of the Presbj terian Church. An examiaatiatt of this bst will show tint the Lord Mayor's Committee represents aH political parties and religious desraninatiosis, and is, in fact, uhat it professes to be — a national committee for the relief of the sufferers from the prevailing distress in Ireland, irrespectire of class, patty, or creed. At the Police Court on Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, two drunkards were traed Ss. each. A charge against John Joyce of being of unsound mind was withdrawn, and defendant was charged with assaulting his wife, Ellen Joyce. Senior-constable Hardy deposed to tfae arrest of the defendant by virtue of a warrant at Denis' Hotel yesterday morning; he had known defendant for the put six years, and knew that be had been brought before the Court for assaults and drunkenness ; -Ire arrested defendant on one occasion for attempting to strike bis wife with a -tomahawk. Sergeant Burke testified to the charges Uuught against defendant on several occasions. Euen Joyce deposed to the fact of defendant haring struck her several times, leaving some marks «a her face and arm ; she held the license of the Denis Hotel in her own name, and fad obtained a separation order from tbe **t«*' William Kay Higaon gave evidence icauulinf the marks of bniiam shown hhn by Mrs. Joyce. Tbe Bench — nfa~»J tbe ilinsfliiil giol and at the expiration of that period to find sureties— himself in £90 asad two sureties of £23 each to keep the pease tea further period of six montbe. How- to Make a Wnx.- There is a story that a ir-eaJrhy Oucaso merchant lately pre vented the breaking of his 'will by calling bis ' relatives about bis deathl^ed aud getting them , to make an affidavit before a notary that he ? was competent to make a wilL After the funeral it was ton ad that all the property vas given to a. lnnaiic aeylam. Theo the heirs tried to have the will set aside by swearing ? that, though sane at die last.' in 1S73, . vfaen the will was made, he was ravin™ mad. Thereupon the execotor produced a- will en- ' adiy lie the first except that it was signed and witnessed a few minutes before the oaths as to the testator's sanity were fair**... ; New Reef.— The Te1*-,jram says a prospect- ' 1115 claim 230 by 400 feet was panted to Knnst and party on Saturday last (24th ultimo). The new discovery is said to be an j entirely new line of reef situated some two miles east of Copperfield, and has beeo named ? the Mary Agnes. During the past »eefc the , prospectors raised some five tons of stone from i their claim, which has been crashed at the j mill at Copperfieli the result being— 5 oz. i S dwts. 16 £TS. of retorted gold, or an average of nearly 22 dwts. to the ton. Oar informant Etates that the reef averages a foot in thick ness, and has carried tins width of stone from ' the eurf&ce; to the bottom, of the shaft, which 1 is now 25 feet in depth. j The Scab Act. — A case under the Preven tion of Diseases in Sheep Act (says the P. D. T-d&jmm; of the 30th ultimo) was brousht before the local Bench on Monday by Mr. Singteton, of Lflngton. A similar case arose two years ago ; ana Mr. Singleton, wishing to t*ii I if* persons m charge of sfapep against the dangers arising from a. disregard of the statute, again appealed to the Bench. Notice must be j given to the owner of a ran prior to driving j through it, and any one in charge of sheep should know this, and be ready to conform to the statute. It costs a little trouble per haps ; but not F»»ir so mm^h as is involved in appearing at the Police Court, and pay a fine of £2, inclusive of costs. How to Oetats Water.— 'A Bushman** writes to die Courier :— ' Perhaps the follow sparsely watered country in the interior and 1 are compelled to camp where no water is riro- 1 curable. There are generally heavy dews, more especially where the surface of the ) earth is protected from the suns fays by a I heavy sward of grass. Let the traveller tabs \ bis towel and draw it loosely over lire dewy ': jiimw till it is thoroughly saturated, then 1 wring it in his can, and repeat the operation i as often as necessary to make up the quantity ? ceauixed. I have often, witen on tie Baxcoo, I procured water in the above way sufficient to make tea and boil meat, using * piece of calico instead of a toweL' How to Avoid Scddes Death. —A corrrespondent of tie Bdt'oM AW Letter says ; — ' Permit me, prv htmo pvblieo* to state I that very few of vthe sadden deaths which are : said to arise from disease of the heart, do I really arise from that cause. To ascertain the real origin of sodden deaths, the experiment j has been tried in Europe, and reported to a I scientific congress held at Stza&borg-; Sixty' j sir cases of sadden death were made the 1 subject of a thorough post-mortem yynina tioD : in these cases only two were found who ' bad dwrci from disease of the heart, nine on£ of the sixty-six bad died from apoplexy, while there were fifty-five **wqpg of congestion of the lungs— that is the lungs were so fid! | of blood that they could not work, there not [ being room enough for a sufficient quantity of j air to ^nfcpr to support life. The causes tlraf'- ? produce congestion of the lungs are-— cold feet. ' tight rimBiinp, costive bowels, sitting EtOl I until chilled after being warmed with labour or a rapid walk, going- too suddenly from * dose, JM-at*^l room into the cold air, especially after speaking, and sodden, depressing news ; operating on the blood. These causes of ' sudden death being known, an avoidance of them may serve to lengthen many valuable j lives, which, would otherwise be Lost under ' the verdict of heart complaint. That disease , is supposed to be inevitable and incurable ; hence many may not take the pains they would to avoid sndden death if they knew ' it lay in their power.3* , 'The Happt Lisb.17 — The second per-' fonnance of ' The Happy Land ' tilled every part of tie Academy of Music last night (savs the Melbourne Telegraphy of January 20), and from first to last it was received with up roarious cheers and lanf**—- Mr. Deering ? ?nyjf* an «T**pii^OTt point upon being1 asked by one of the fairies who be was, and replying ' Before I was prohibited I was a Minister.' '? The ' Continuous Breakdown,' which was | danced to an imitation locomotive engine accompaniment, convulsed the audience. The , opening scene in the second act, where, } through, the beneficent rule of a celestial Berry Government, the stone lions at the en- j trance of the Parliament House are ' starv- - ing,' and the effects of successive pSrhi^-Ha are seen in there being Ko Governor, No Judges, No Police, No Gas, No Water, No - Publichouses, and Xo Anything was ap- I plauded to the echo. The Ghost of the Six pence carried in the hand of an Avenging Nemesis in the person of Africanus which j arises like ' A very Daniel come to jade- \ meat,' brings the entire to a ridiculously I fanny Jutal', It was confidently asserted j in the corridor of the Academy last nigtit ' that Mr. Berry has some pecuniary interest ! is the success of the 'Happy Land,' hence , the extraordinary steps taken, which be ] expected would be resented by an English - couuomutv. VTe hasten, however, to coiitra. dict this rumour as untrue, as well as the i further one, that Mr, Berry's determination ! to embody the sixth clause in his last reform ! bill, is owing to the fact that it is the sixth - danse in the 'Theatre Statute 'that confers1 upon the Chief Secretary such arbitrary and unlimited power. Detective O'Callaghan was waiting at the theatre all last evening to serve notice ou Mr. Olfeara, the lessee, hot that gentleman being, by a lucky coincidence called away upon urgent private bnsiness, the notice ? ihe exact nature of whicb was not known — was not served. Stran«e Dlsclostee at Yass— A man, who gives the name of William Thomas Conlthard, has given himself into the custody of sub-inspector Hrennan, at Vass on the 26th January, aud confessed to having in January, 1S7S, at Everton, near Liverpool, England, poisoned his wife with prnssic acid. He describes himself as a chemist and druggist, [ anil etates that he vas madly jealous -w h»s j wife, who was also his cousin. After his wife's death he fastened lead to the bead and : feet, placed the body in a sack, and threw it into the River Mersey. Shortly after he sailed for Melbourne, from whence be -sune to 1 , this coliwy abont eight months aco. He bas ' ; lately been working on Greenfield Farm, near j I Vass, He asserts that he has been utterly ! ! wretched ever since committing the murler. , ! and that uis wife's vision appears to him j i almost nightly. He appears to be in his ri^ht j 1 senses, and repeats bis story coherently. He I is 2S years of age.— -?. M. HeraM i The Vim Concerts.— A cablegram bas j been received from New York l-y Signor de I Vivo, advance a^ent for the magnificent con : cert company, which are making a tour of the . world, stating that the tronpe left San Fran I cisco in the'steamer City of New York on I I9th instant. Arrangements have Iteen con cluded m Sydney for the ose of the Tbeatre Royal for these concerts, which is an event of osual interest to a]) mnsicaJ people. Of &e; abilities of Cariotta Patti it is needless to ex pand, she is world -renowned ; and M. de M unck, the great Belgian vioionceHiEt. is spoken of by the New York press as beins ! 'the greatest 'ceHosoIoistthateverappeared' there. Signor CSampi OeDaja. the baritoDe, has created a name for himself in the FVench capital : and the tenor, Mr. Theo. J. Toedt, speedily found a. place in tiae hearts of all lovers of music in America. He is said to have an exquisite silvery voice, and is pro nounced ** the coming tenor.' The Distbcss is Ibeund. — Reports of in creaangdistress come from some parts of Ire land. The coldness of the weather bas told severely m certain districts, the first to cry out of utter poverty being in the town of Ballina. There the complete cessation of employment is a great puzzle to the local authorities, the poor being ertrow-Jy anwiZfing to accept relief in the workhouse. An or ganized demonstration of unemployed labour ing men has been held at BaRma. Large numbers of labourers went through the streets of the town carrying white banners : ou the first was painted in black letters. ' Our wives and children, are starring ;' and «t the second, 'We ask our rulers for jinm^'fa' employment'' Outrages continue to be reported. They are all of the nainre of threats to farmers against paying rent. Myles Bren \- t*mi, a bailiff, whQfi executing a decree on a 1 farmer named Denis Shea, at Soeem, county Kerry, last week, was attacked by the wife of the latter, who pursued and killed him with a stone which she threw at him. — Pall Matt Badytt, December 5. AUJECED TfiEACSEKT OF YaKOOB EBAK. — A Persian correspondent of the Lahore Gtcau repeats the account generally believed by Bte better class of Afghans and the natives penerauV in Cabul, viz^ that Wollee Ma homed Khan plainly told General Roberts that the murder of the Envoy and the mem bers of the British mission was instigated directly by the ex-Ameer in council with Yaya Khan, his father- in-law, Zacfcaria Khan, and the Mnstanpbt HabeebooU. This infor mation -was believed to have been the cause of the immediate arrest of the three latter sirdars and of the surveillance under which Yakoob Khan has since been placed. Every satire prince, and,- indeed, eway native of this country capable of forming an intelligent opinion, believed in the Ameer's complicity from the first. Both the Maharajah of Cashmere and tbc Khan of Ehelat openly expressed before the outrage took place the opinion that the Ameer woutd only wait for the Calling back of the British armies to free himself from the restraint of the Embassy by the usual Pafhan methods of treachery and violence. Toe correspondent asserts that the story at Cabul was that a document bearing the signa tures of the above named chiefs was dis covered among the papers taken possession of on the entry of our force into Cabul, which fully proved then- puilt as participators in the crime. He further states that though measures are taken to disarm the population, great quantities of arms have been concealed, particularly in the Loghman country, at JeJlalabad, tmd other places. Taking Cou-.^The L-v-r*i tells us that 'ihe man who resolves not to take cold seldom does.' But what is a cold? The ex pression is constantly employed, yet how few can really say what it is and what causes it? Of course it proceeds from a chQL What part of our organism, however, is it which, when attacked by a chill, results in that which coUoqaiallv is, called a. chill, and scientifically a catarrh ? We all know that the whole or part of the body may be reduced to a very low temperature without causing a cold. What, then, produces that chill which is the beginning o! a cold? Is it the sudden ness of the chill ou the surface ? Clearly not, or the contact of the skin with a piece of ice or cold metal whould have that effect. Our contemporary says that what we call cold taking is the resuItofasufScient impression of cold to reduce the energy of nerve centres of special organs. To rouse these nerve centres, nature has provided the stimulus of a sneeze. Thus it will be seen that eneerinj; is a. remedy as well as a symptom, and that those are the 1 least dangerous colds which are accompanied by ranch sneezing. Shivering, though in a less degree, probably also produces a beneficial effect. The cooclusioD at whicb the Lancet arrives is in effect *lwf- cold is, after all, an anair of serves, and that in order to enmtat the evil consequences of a chill, efforts should be made to restore the vital energy of the nerve centres. We all knuw that the nerves j are greatiy influenced by moral causes. Con sequently, when a person feels himself threat 'cnedbyachOLifheaiakes a strong and sus tained effort of the will to resist, he will in most cases succeed. Thus, it can be easily understood that a copious draught of cham pagne—the pleasant remedy so often empiri caUy prescribed— wbich stimulates without beating, is a powerful agent in warding off or curing cold. EqualJv is it evident that a lierson in a weak state of health, in a state of fasting, or with a depressed mind, is more liable than another to catch that mean. almost ridiculous, but most unpleasant of minor diseases. Sad De^th at BryDABEEfi.— Our (Oo«r*er) Bandailierg correspondent writes, onder date 12th instant :— 'Th«* town was painfully startled on Saturday bv the intelligence that a well-known and moch respected resident of the Won^arra, named Alexander Newall, had been tiiscovered by his wife lying dead by the roadside near his own selection. The day before -Fri- Uv) he and his family were in town disposing of grapes. At noon the heaviest rainstorm experienced here tor & long ] time commenced, and it cintiuued so long that NewaU decided to leave the dray in town, while his wife went home in a neighbour's cart, be riding his draft horse and following. En this way they reached borne all right, and be took the cart to its owner (Wood). He left this place for Ids own farm shortly before dusk, bat never reached it His wife sat up all sight, and at early morn started out in search of her missing husband. On reaching a small gully not far from the fence, she saw Newall's corpse lying where the night before the water had been rushing over the road to the depth of over 1ft. Paralysed with fear, she made berway to Mrs. Wood's, the farm her husband had left the evening previously. The neighbours turned out, and found her wont fears realised. An enquiry was held on Saturday afternoon by the Police Magistrate, when the evidence of Efc. May, who had held a port -mortem examination, went to provethat 1he deceased had suffered from fatty degeneration of the heart, and the doctor was of opinion that the deceased bad fallen in a fainting fit, the rushing water subsequently suffocating him. The funeral on Sunday was largely attended, the members of the P.A.F. Society forming into procession. The Her. Mr- Morris delivered a roost affecting address at the grave, and Mr. Kelly read the burial service of the order. XewaU leaves a widow and three cbUdren to mourn their sodden and heavy loss.' DbeadfCT. Aocidest at Casiko.— A tele pnm in the £. JT. Hernia dated Casino, January 22nd, says : — Yeager and Grime's new ftp******- Vesta capsized at five o'clock yester-night, at Tathauit tnwtvtm miles From Casino, and five passengers were drowned. The names are W. Yabsley, een_ prazier; Mairhafl and wife, farmers, of CToodbora : James Hetherton, of the Mac. leay ; and Alexander Brown, labourer. Those saved were Chadwick, the engineer, the master of the steamer, and one passenger. The engineer had a miracnloos escape. He was down in the engine-room at the time of the accident, and his clothes were much torn m fTtrarfang himself. No reason can be assigned for the nsfortenate accident -other than the steamer being heavily laden with maize. Tbe vessel was rounding* slight bend in the river, when she [arched, and a portion of the cargo shifting, the vessel capsbsed, filling immediately. Sir. VaNAey jumped overboard, and it is believed that he never sank, bat was lotted from shock to the nervous system, as his b*»dy was recovered floating, immediately after the occurrence. Kurabers of persons have beeneogaeed dragging for tire body, but up to the present only Mrs. Marshall has been recovered. The Vesta lies in abont eighteen feet of water, and nearly in mid chavneL A. general feeling of sympathy easts in the district with the relatives of Mr. Yabsley, be being one of the pioneers of the Richmond, and leaves a Iarj^e family. He was universally respected. The cargo belonged principally to a farmer named Woods and Parker, Brothers, of Coraki. There is also Eome down freight to F. G. Crouch, Casino. Sympathy ie also expressed for the owners of the steamer. It is gcnerall? believed that the accident is purely acci dental. The Tbaj-e Revival — We extract the following from the D*v1»i&irr; Time*:— ' Everybody says * Trade is reviving.' Everybody, it is true, is sometimes wrong. The wish is often parent to the thought ; and the bells say whatever you wish them to say. Bat the 'facts, sir, facts.' which Mr. Gnd grind was wont to demand, justify the sanguine tone which business men are adopt ing with regard to commercial affairs. The weekly traffic receipte of the railway com panies are now showing large increases instead of diminutions. Last week's traffic return of the Midland Bailway Company, for instance, showed an increase of £7000 as com pared with, the corresponding period «f the previous year ; while the current week's return issued lty the same Company gives a similar increase. Grouping together the re ceipts of the leading lines of the kingdom, it wfll be found that, while the first week of last month declared a decrease in receipts of £40.000, the first week in November exhibits an increase of £30,000. The receipts of the Kbrth-Eastern Bailiray Company, which for a protracted period have been down, now etiow a notable change for the better. TJie Board of Trade returns are encouraging. The totals of the Bankers1 Clearing House, and the tendency of quotations at the Stock Exchange are monetary barometers that show a steady upward movement towards commercial re covery. In the iron and coal trades there is emphatic improvement. Mines are re-opeaed ; sbipA-nildtn? yards, long silent, are busy ; work -chops that hare i«eo closed are again liright with blazing forges, and noisy with ringing bamnKss. The market price of steel rails at SitcuitJ'l, whicb has recently been down as low as £4 per ton, and oaoe fell down to the awful zero of £3 17s. 6-L per ton. Has ri*en to £6 IQe. per ton ; while Bessemer pig, which feD to 30s. per ton, has risen to £4 per ton. This revival in prices, it is true, falls i*r short of the prices which prevailed in 1872 and 1S73. when steel rails were soM at £22 to £24 per ton, and Bessemer pig realised £9 per ton. But that was s. period -ii false commer cial inflation, from the re-cctiooary effects of whicb we are stall suftering.' VToKDEBFtra. Bscapb. — An extraordinary escape from death on the railway line is re ported in the Melbourne DaSi/ T^arat/h, It appears that a Mrs. Turner fell 00 the Brigh ton railway, on Saturday night, a whole bain pissing over her as elie lay I »etween the rails at the Middle Brighton station- The last up train from Brighton Beach was about due at Middle Brighton, when Mrs. Turner, followed by some friends, reached the latter station, an-l, her friends being a short «y behind her, she fitood on the ratals calling out to them to hasten up to the platform, being \\_ ignorant at (he time of the proximity of the ml train. Almost the first intimation of its «?'/ arrival at the station was when she found —' herself knocked down by one of the buffers of the engine, and fortunately she fell in an in sensible condition, right between the raetsle, where she lav in safety till the whole tnm passed over her. Her friends attended to her immediately ; her injuries from being knocked down are not very serious. A Yovsg Trickster.— As an iDustrataon of the cuteness of the rising generation, we {Mttnfrtrougii Chronhelt) may record a cirenm etance that has been brought under our notice. In the early part of the week a girl about ten or twelve years of age called upon a gentle man mt his place of business, and informed him that she had just come from his residence, wherebis better halfhad inetau ctedfaerto inform him that he was to purchase a pair of fowls which she (the girl) bad in ber possession. 'The price,' quoted the girl, 'is 4s.' Sir. T ? thought it m. etrange proceeding on the part of his good bdy, but the innocent look on the seller's face overcame any doubts he jnigbt hare iiad as to the truthfulness of her statements. He therefore duly paid over the 45-, upon which the vendor stated that she was to take the fowls to die house. She went, but since then nothing more has been seen of the girl or the fowls. Although we learn on good authority that she has played m, similar trick on several of the business men in the town. We give the tale as is told to ua, in the hope that if the ' game n ie again I pot forward, oar readers will act the part of 1 detectives, and put » stop to the young I vagabond's fowl proceedings. Puu£A^'T Ftm the Czab- — A telegram of I mail aewe, published in tile Melbourne Argot, runs as follows : — 'Serious differences are re ported between the Czar and the Care witcb, the latter demanding constitutional reform principally 00 the ground that the Car has not tiie right to compromise the iatnre of bis dynasty by resistance to inform. It is even asserted, but this is probably an exaggeration, that General Drentch received orders to arrest the Czarevitch, which were only counter manded after the receipt of a telegram from i the Carina. The Senate presented a petition demanding that the Czar, by granting them* righto and liberties, ehould make tfcemeeKes guard iam of the empire's greatness. The feel ings mwnnnjnt: the officers -rf the army are no less pronounced. A report a asserted to have been drawn up by several generals insisting on the necessity of prod aiming a oonstitutaon. Qd the day of the Care return to St. Petersburg, after the attempt upon his life I near Moscow, the Revolutionary Committee j issued a proclamation Admitting it to be tbeir work, and declaring that the failure did not I dishearten them, and that the attempt will be renewed till enccessfuL because Alexander the Second was the perwHwficatiau of an cenjosfc and crushing despotism. The Bevolntiauaiy Committee will only leiwe him in peace H he renounces his authority and kansEers bit power to an assembly freely elected by QCEE£SL.U-D SUBSCBlPnoNS It) THE [fiXEB FiSOKE — The Omrar days :_It in gratifying to learn tiut [relmnd, m seodiflg forth ber Appeal for aid to the more firanned nations and colonies, relied especially on receiving enre help from QneensUnd. rad it is atiU mope j agreeable to know tb*t tne trust was vsS founded, tint the colony is nobly responding to the appeal, and that ber action will go Ear to bring her prominency and favourably before the civilised world. In addition to tne cablegrams received by the Mayor and by the Press, Dr. O'Doherty. M.L.C., on the 23rd instant received the following message from Mr. P. J. Smyth, M.P., Dublin :— 'HT«t « Queensland doing for the relief of Irish I distressed T' Two or three diys later be | received a letter from Mr. W. Gngor Taylor, superintendent of the New Zealand section of tbe Eastern Australia and China Company's cables, confirming the telegram, stating that he had forwarded the message, having | received it from Colonel T. O. Olover, B.K., i the managing director of the company, who | had franked over tiie company's lines, llr. Taylor requested Dr. O'Nolierty to reply by ' cable to Mr. Smyth's message, adding ttiit be would have great pleasure in frankinir it through to Colonel wlovcr for htm. Oa &ia; Dr. O'Dofaetty replied to Mr. SmyU,,— 'First contribution tram Australia, £509, sent from ISruiliane. £3000 additiioal will he Bent in a day or two. £3000 probable Queensland contribution.'' Mr. Smyth on reetiving the raessag* win Do dovbt publish the glad tidings from Queensland in tbe Press. This colony has abeaily forwarded £3100, or £SKK- by die Central Committee and £600 direct from Charters Towers. The central and various local committees throughout the colony have at least £1500 additional in hand, and it is not too much to expect that at least another £500 will he collected within tbe next week or two, thus making up tbe £5000. Irrespective of the mm £1000 will j-robably be remitted by Dr. O'Ouinn, which will bring Queensland's conuiuation op to 