t: - A CONSCIENTIOUS LAWYER. Mr. X. was a lawyer in excellent practice m an inland city, and Mr. Y. was a wealthy farmer and an old friend of X.'s. Not many weeks ago X. received an invitation to dine with Y. on Sunday ?evening, and accepted. In the ante- prandial half hour the conversation turned on many vthingSfc .finally veering round to a lav/suit, in which Y. was defendant, and had engaged another lawyer, but X. gave his opinion as to tho proper course to bo pursued ___ . . ? ? 1 JV _ A A 1.1. _£i ? -1 ,, /unfier uiu uiroumBLunces. ^iori/nigiiuuLberwumu Y. received a bill of costs from X. for some legal . business he had entrusted him with, including an 'item of 6s 8d for consulting with and advis ing him in his own drawing-room on the night of the dinner, time and placo being accurately specified on tho face of the account. Y. was naturally indignant at this, and, calling on X., expostulated with him on making such a charge. X. admitted that under the circumstances it was rather exceptional to make a charge, but, as the item had been put into the bill, ho insisted on being paid it. Y. waxed very wroth, and said, . ' Confound you,' said he, ' your dinner coot mo two guineas/ You drank a guinea's worth of wino alone, and 1 made no charge ; why, then, should you charge mo for engaging in ordi nary converoation as my guest?' ' ]p\isineau, sir, business, ' returned tho limli oJf tho law ; '1 always belieye in paying and being paid. Send jn join' bi|l for t}io dinnor, and I'll pay yon, and i j you must pay me for my advice.' Y. went away rather indignant, but cooled down on reaching home. It struck him that it would be a good joke to send in a bill to the lawyer, and, after much cogitation, ho drew out an account for a guinea'lfor wine supplied. This was forwarded to X., who, by return of post, sent a cheque foi' the amount, and asked for a receipt, which v/as given. Y. was chuckling the following morning over the man ner in which he had bested the lawyer, when a policeman served him v/ith an information for selling liquor without a license. Tlio case was heard at the police court, the receipt for the guinea was put in as proof of the sale of the v/ine, and Y. was fined £30, v/ith costs. X. then demanded and obtained half the penalty inflicted as informer in the case. Schoolmaster : — How does a ghost appear P First Pupil : Coal black ! No, next. Second ditto : Snow white ! No, next. Third ditto : Red as fire ! Schoolmaster : You blockheads ! .tie appears invisible ! Louis XIV., who v/as a slave to his physican, asked liis friend Moliere what ho did with his doctor. ' Oh sire,' said ho, ' when I am ill I send for him. He comes ; we have a chat, and enjoy ourselves ; he prescribes — I don't take his medicine, and am cured.' As the diamond is found in tho darkness of the mine, as the lightning shoots with most vivid flashes from the gloomiest cloud, so does mirthful ness frequently proceed from a heart susceptible of the deepest melancholy. A UTILE girl was visiting the country, and for the first time witnessed the operation of milking. Watching the proceedings intently for a while, she inspected the cow minutely, and then launched this poser : ' Where do they put it Merchant Navy of the Woei/d. — According to a German computation, the entire merchant service oi tlie woria numocrs vessels, having a total burden of 20,283,540 tons. 5897 are steamships, and of these 10,932 are English, 5927 German, 4933 French, 2875 Austro Hungarian, 2084 Russian, 1323 East Indian, and 1172 Italian. The total ateam power is reckoned at ten million horse-power. Professor Maskelyne, of tho mineralogical department of the British Museum, has recently received somo factitious diamonds. These have been artificially produced by Mr. J. Tear, of the St. Rollos Chomical Works, Scotland. They are pure crystals of carbon, corresponding in refraction and other testa to real diamonds. The fate of this curious chemical imitation of course depends upon the cost of its production. If it can be cheaply prepared there can be little doubt that tho diamond would sink in estimation, so apt are most of U3 to associate beauty with cost and rarity. Eloquence Wasted. — 'I know I'm losing ground, sir,' tearfully murmured the pale-faced fresh-man, ' but it is not my fault, sir. If I were to Btudy on Sunday, as tho others do, I could keep up with my class, sir — indeed, I could ; but I promised mother ne-ne-never to work on tho Sabbath, and I can't, sir, ne-no-never' — and as hia emotions overpowered him he pulled out his handkerchief with such vigour that ho brought out with it a small flask, three faro chips, and n euchre deck, and somehow or other tho professor took no moro stock in that freshman's eloquence than if he had been a graven image. — Acta Columbiana. A Short Way 'with Bores. — Lord Odo Rus sell, while calling upon Prince Bismarck a short time ago, asked him how he managed to rid him self of that class of unfortunate visitors whom he could not well refuse to see, but whose room he found preferable to their company. ' Oh,' replied the Chancellor, ' I have a very simple method ! My wife knows them pretty well, and when she seeB that they are with me, she gene rally contrives to come in and call me away upon somo pretext or other.' He had scarcely finished speaking when the Princess put her head in at tlio door and said : ' Otto, you must come and take your medicine. You ought to have had it ten minutes ago,' Lord Odo Russell had not till then had any idea that his room could be moro welcome than his company. Several uses have at last been found for tlie slag from smelting furnaces, which was long a useless expense and embarassment to the pro prietors of these works. Until recently the only purposo to whioh this refuse could be turned wao to make and repair the roads in the vicinity of the works. Tho supply, however, was far in excess oi the denrnnd tor this use. The slag, while still hot, is received in proper rotating wheels, cooled with water, and reduced to a fine sand-liko powder. A mixture of two-and-a-half parts of this with one-and-a-half part of brick dust, and one part of Portland cement, ia poured into moulds, and thus bricks, coping-stones, tiles of different forms, etc., are made. The mixture hardens bo quickly that tho articles manufactured are ready for sale in four or five days. They have been successfully employed, as far as their recent invention allows one to form an opinion. The powdered slag is also used as an ingredient in mortar and cement. Several other less extensive uses for the powdered slag have also been found out, among which is its employment in the manfacture of glass. 