INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. From tho Melbourne papers. NEW SOUTH AVALES. Sydney. Juno 8. In tlio Assembly to-day, Mr. Camoron moved a resolution that the Government should bring in a bill to stop Chincso immigration, but withdraw it ou a statement being mado by tlio Premier that ho was in communication with tho Governments of tho othor colonics with tlio viow of taking joint actiun to restrict (Jlnncso immigration. Tho Orient sailed to-day for London, via Mel bourne, with a largo number of passengers. Her cargo includes SS2 bales of wool, 8,000 ingots of tin, 30,000 ingots of copper, 1,571 cakes of copper, and 2.S00 cases meat. Trickctt leaves for England on Thursday over land to caich the Orient at Melbourne. Tho Tumut police last night arrested a man on suspicion of being Joseph Byrno, tho buBhranger. They havo watched him a long time. Collins, a Tuinut blacksmith, know Byrne when ho was a groom in Victoria, and brought homes frequently for shoeing. Collins pointed him out amid a group in tho Royal Hotel billiard-room, and says if it is not Byrne it miist bo his ghost. The prisoner is remanded for further identification. Mr. Artliur Sketchloy commenced his entertain- mcnts at tlio School of Arts to- night. There was a fair attendance. Mr. Garrett, the member for Camden, addressed his constituents to-night. He praised the important legislative work of tho session, whioh hail been brought about by tho combination between Sir Jicnry Parkcs and Sir John Robertson. He con- sidered tne Jtaucntiou Dili to no a stepping-stone to free, secular, and compulsory education. Ho sup ported the clause in tho Electoral Act compelling the voters to voto for all candidates. 1 June 9. : Tlio Council passed tlio seeond reading of the Electoral Bill without debate, aud through com mittee. The clauses relating to £40 deposit, and prohibiting plumping, woro postponed till Tuesday. Iu the Assembly, on the motion for going into Committee of Supply, Mr. Buchanan moved a con tingent motion in favour of protective duties for the purpose of promoting, oucouragiug, and protecting native industries, and a debate ensued, A public meeting was held at Nowoastle this evening, to protest against the further influx of Chinese into the colony. Resolutions were carried that their presence — politically, morally, and socially — was au evil in the community, and the meeting pledged itself to support, at tho next elec tion, only those candidates who will promise to support a measure prohibiting Chinese immigration. An influential committee was formed to carry the resolutions into effect. Mr. Driver, M.L.A., who lias been ill a consider able timo, is sinking fast. _ Tho strike at Hartley Vale is satisfactorily con cluded, and the men have resumed work. Tho Zealandia left San Fraucisco for Sydney on tho 7th. Tho AVotonga cleared the Heads yesterday oven ing for Melbourne. AVhon off- Botany at half-past 7\. the vessel plunged heavily, and shipped an immense quantity of water forward, and also aft, at the same moment. The racing of tlie engines indi cated that something was wrong with the propeller. The vessel was towed back to port, and this morn ing ah examination proved that all the blades of lior propeller were gone. The oaruo is being dis charged into tbeAlexaudra, which leaves to-morrow aftornoon. : The heaviest foreign arrivals aro reported to-day 1 for years post. They includo tho Vidal, from Mauritius, with 1G,800 bags of sugar ; tho Campor down, from London, with immigruuts ; Halloweon, Ayrlio, Anu Duthio, Benares, anil Horoward, from London ; tho Firth of Darnooli, from Glasgow. The Oamperdown will bo dotained iu quarantine a short timo owing to tlio existence of measles on Imnrrl Tho man supposed to bo Byrno, tho bushranger, whs brought up at tho Tumult Police Court to-day. Ho turnod out to bo Joseph Mel vor, a nativo of Molvor, Alctoiia, hut bears a romurkablo re semblance to Byrno. Tho prisoner was discharged. At the quarterly dinnor of the muniuipal eounoil to-day, in responding to tlio toast nf tho Ministry, Sir Henry Parkcs intimated that a general oloction would take place before tbo close of tlio yonr. Juno 10. In tho Assembly Mr. Bnoliannn's resolution in favour of protective duties was negatived by 35 to 5\. On Btipply being considered, tho immigra tion voto of £76,000 was agreed to, the Premier promising to seo that improvements woro mado in the system. Mr. Burns, late Postmastor-Gcnoral, and aliair- inan of tho solcot committco on immigration, stated in tho Assembly to-day that ovidciico showed that tlio aolouy had gained a largo accession of popula tion from tlio other colonies during tho last two years, particularly from Aletorin, nnd that me chanics had mora competition to foar from volun tary than from assisted immigration. Ho oxprossod an opinion infavourof wull- Hidcclcil immigration, hut condemned the sidcc'.ion of immigrants in Loudon by pei sous who lmil never been in any pnrt of Australia. Sir Hotiry l'urkcs stated that the Government would at ouoo ulter tho London arrangements. . Tho staamor Australia, from Sydney to Grafton, whon off Nowcastlo oii AA'odnesduy, shipped a heavy senj oarrying away her Btorn boat, port life boat, and causing other dainago. Tlio cargo shifted, and tho vessel was thrown on hor beam onds. Tho sooond engineer was thrown among tho machinery and badly injured. Tho vossel roaolied Grafton safoly. Mr. G. 0. Davis, barristor-iit-law, lias heon ap pointed a aommissionor to investigate tho.oharges preferred ngainBt Judge Moymott. ' " - D. J. Newton, formorly n solicitor practising atLithgow, but now undergoing a ecntcnco of two years for forgery, was committed for trial to-day for forging tho signature of Mr. Justice Windoycr to a document purporting to bo an order for a dis solution of marriage. Two children died last night from tho effects of severe burns received, owing to tho bed in which tlioy wero sleoping at the United States Hotel catching fire. Quirindi, Juno S. Four police from Cassilis and Blackville, with a black tracker, have been here sinco Saturday, and left to-day in the direction of Weriss Creek, evi dently acting on information received. This morn ing at 11 o'clock Hank Inspector Tiley, accompanied by Constable Brain, left in great hnsto for Walla- bndah, and Sergeaiit Abbott, of Murrurundi, with a black tracker, have coine by tho mail train and taken tho same route. Quiriudi is again without police protection. Evidently tho police think tho bank robbers are trying to work round to the Nundlo Range oil foot. Wo hourly oxpoct to hear of their capture. Juno 0. Tho polico stnrted this morning on what is believed to bo the track of tho robbers. JN E»\ CASTLE, JllnO o« The result of the coal miners' ballot in tho Hunter district has created surprise, as it was fully ex pected at Newcastle that tho miners would have accepted the scheme. The A. A. Company, having withdrawn from the ranks of the associated col lieries, is apparently making preparations to resumo work at once, and to-day the Superintendent sent for and had an interview with a deputation of the former workmen, and made a proposal to them with the object of their resuming work. June 9. The complete returns of the ballot taken yester day show a majority against accepting the proposed scale. At Lambton the voting wns — For, 133 ; ngainst, 100. New Lambton — For, GO ; against, 28. Newcastle — For, 124 ; against, 83. Mr. Lloyd is now holding a conference with the delegates with tho view of submitting another scalo to the miners, providing for a minimum hewing rate of 3s. Gd. whilst coal is selling at 10s. or under. Public sympathy has been greatly Bhnken in the causo of tile minors in consequence of their refusaltto accept the previous offer. The Superintendent of the A. A. Company and representatives of tho miners had a long interview to-day. The forinor made an oiler to take on nil the old hands on terms which tho representatives, on behalf of the men, unanimously accepted, and will submit to the men at once, and return a definite answer to-morrow. The question as to tho eniploy- mentof ohaneo hands now working for tho company is left to stand over as a matter of detail, to be ar ranged after tho regular hands have resumed working. It is probable that tho differences between tho miners and the other oollieries will he submitted to arbitration. Mr. G. A. Lloyd's efforts to bring about a ter mination of the miners' strike have at last been crowned with success. He met the representatives of tho miners this afnernoon, when the proposals were fully discussed, and an offer of 3s. 9d. per ton while the price of coal'isjat 10s. per ton was accopted, on condition that the whole question be submitted to arbitration. An agreement was drawn up, and signed Dy tne miners representatives ana by JNlr. Lloyd on behalf of the companies interested, and work will probably he resumed on Friday. June 10. A goneral feeling of satisfaction and relief pre vailed throughout the city upon tho hows becoming known that a settlement of the strike had at last heon effected, and that the men wore going to work on Monday at tho various collieries, with coal at the selling price of 10s. per ton. Sinco then a report has come in from Wnllsend that the miners of that district and the co- operatives, who voted almost unanimously'against accepting tho former proposnl, have again displayed a strong feeling aaginst tho present arrangement, and steadfastly refuse to sanction the terms unless they receive 4s. for 10s. selling price. This change in the complexion of affairs, when everything appeared settled, has caused a strong feeling of resentment -'in the public mind against the miners, and this feeling has just been heightened by the further information that the Hamilton miners have rejected Mr. Gregson's proposal to resume work at the A. A. Co.'s colliery, but on what grounds has not transpired. The A. A. Company's men decided this afternoon almost unanimously to accept the masters' offer and return to their employment, tools to bo placed ill tho pit on Monday, and work to be resumed on Tuesday morning. Great satisfaction prevails ill Hamilton at this decision, and the company com menced booking orders at once at 10s. per ton. Tho chance hands will still be kept on, but little doubt is ontertained that tlioy will soon commence to leavo on their own account, when onoo tho regular hands get below amongst them. At Minmi and Ferndalo tlio miners have accepted Mr. Lloyd's compromise, and will commence work on Monday, hut tho Wnllsend and Co- operative held an amal gamated meeting to-day, and decided to go to work upon tho terms of tho old sliding scalo of 4s. for a 10s. rate. But it is not likely tho masters will agree to this, and every other colliery in tho district may fairly bo said to bo against these two mines in their demand, nnd their opposition is llul i1uw viuivgu ill mi v 13 1 v b13huu3 