COUNTRY NEWS. DR. CHEYNE, a very old resident of the Bendigo district, died very suddenly on Saturday afternoon. An inquest was held, and it appeared from the evidence that deceased suffered greatly from palpitation of the heart, and habitually took morphia to secure rest. He took a dose of this drug on Friday night, and soon afterwards fell asleep and never recovered consciousness. Dr. Cheyne arrived in the colony in 1859, and was soon afterwards appointed house-surgeon to the Melbourne Hospital. A couple of years afterwards he removed to Sandhurst, and has since continued in practice there. Two miners named Elms and O'Shannassy were brought before the Ballarat police court on Tuesday, in the Great Southern Hurdsfield salting case. Evidence was taken in part, and the case adjourned till next day. THE Queenscliff Sentinel says that during the ensuing season there is to be great competition amongst the passenger steamers to Queenscliff, for no less than three of them will run at stated times to the Cliff. The Golden Crown is at the present time under- going a thorough overhaul, and will com mence to run next month. The Williams has had a complete and thorough survey of the hull and overhaul of the machinery, and some alterations are being made to improve her as an excursion steamer. An American Steamer, to carry 2000 passengers, is expected shortly over from Sydney, and is to run between Melbourne and the various watering places round the Bay in the summer season, so that a large influx of visitors may be expected. cases Olmeaslegweferetjortw idt fSaifdhuri't fcn Tpfesda^, aHd two or three MesY " - " tri ^omkn'MfemSa B&Wlftftp;*! ftiikia''4r6V4e4 «f ffioss' ! s -Cre&t; "on frit Watfer.' aShd? itj n'tot tiiut f>nC ; '[''A 1 .. reed vfc'd'by 1 the ifilttftfg4ie^rtmrtit' I froni -tl? tJoi^iitoVsioneHf of^e ' SydiiSy ®ihih"rtSoli ttib' toBectittn ' of -"thA 'fcinej^'of Shown it the exhititidfiby the aepartmefat. ; :TKB TOsfionJiWle for iju following:—" It jflrefireshing to Hear in these bad times that"«tme pediple,liave luck. The metropolitan solicitors' firm that pulled the bank manager, White, throughthe case re god die has been generduily treated by the pratefal recipient 'ot_& fortune of over £100,000 perannum. White has paid like a prinoo, and the .firm in question has, in its tarii, made a presentofflOO each to the lawyers' clerks that were engaged in the A PROFITABLE employment for the unemployed is suggested by the Colac Herald:— "The rabbits are proving to be a great nuisance in some parts of the colony, whilst in 0ther parts they are the means of many persons obtaining a very good livelihood. In the Stony Rises, where they abound, many acres are let at a considerable rental for the privilege of trapping. The rabbits are bought by the local preserving company, if persons desire to deliver them at the works; but in outlying districts, where it would cost too much for carting, the skins are taken off, which, when dried and stretched, meet with a ready sale at from 1s. to 1s. 6d. per dozen. At this price men can earn very good wages, and as the demand for the skins is unlimited, the unemployed might find it to their advantage to spend their spare moments at this work. However, should any men feel in- clined to set to work they will remember that poison is laid for killing rabbits in the paddocks of a number of landowners at Murroona." DAILY a large number of shearers pass through the town (says the Ararat Advertiser), en route for the Wimmera district, where in someof the more distant sheds work is about being commenced. " Some of the early sheds in this district contemplate making a start about the middle of September, and, after the favourable winter just passed through, the prospects of a heavy clip are most gratifying. The late rains have had a revivifying effect upon vegetation; and grass, which some weeks ago received a check by the severe frosts which then visited us, is again showing healthy and vigorous growth, and feed promises to be abundant." THE revenue derived at Moama from the wharfage rates during the three days they were collected (says the Riverina Herald), amounted to about £133, of which at least £100 was collected from stock and wool, only about £30 being realised from the road traffic. THE passenger traffic on the Echuca line is said to be miserable, and two instances which have come under our own notice (says the Bendigo Advertiser) would lead us to believe in this assertion. The redgum, the wool, the grain trade, and the carriage of stock are what support the Echuca line, and yet nearly all these excellent paying sources of revenue the Government are handicapping by imposts—the redgum by its taxation, the grain by the heavy charges for freightage, and the stock by the tax upon it. A REPORT gained currency at Heathcote on Saturday that a party carrying on boring operations on the M'Ivor Creek had struck good gold. A number of tradesmen and others immediately started and pegged off large blocks of ground to apply for leases. Over four miles in length on the creek is taken up. THE Creswick Advertiser regrets to learn that scarlatina still lingers in the district. On Sunday morning a fine little boy of Mr. Brisden's, Kingston, succumbed to this fell disease. AMONGST other irregularities disclosed by the special audit of the accounts of the Wimmera shire council, it is stated that about £1400 has been obtained from the Government by an untrue representation of the financial question of the shire. Besides this sum, it is alleged , that about £2000 has been expended by the council in an illegal manner; and, seeing that the ratepayers have already taken action in the matter, it is possible that they will take the necessary steps to render the councillors liable for the money they have wrongfully expended. The Government will probably take action with regard to the allegation that £1400 has been improperly obtained from the State. THE Commissioner for Railways has intimated his intention of re-introducing Mr. Gillies' s bill for the extension of the Daylesford Railway, which provides for the station site in accordance with local wishes. THE Creswick Advertiser writes:—We understand that a board is to be at once appointed to inquire into the statement made by Constable Moran to the Hon. Mr. Richardson, to the effect that Messrs. Copper and Wheeler had signed a document promising to support Catholic claims re education, and that he (Moran) had seen the document with the Rev. Father Fennelly. The statement, it will be remembered, was at once denied by the three gentlemen. Messrs. Cooper an dWheeler have been advised to prosecute Moran for slander, and we learn that this course will most likely be adopted if the matter is not cleared up by the board to be appointed. A MAN named Eli Day, sixty years of age, was found dead on Saturday in an old watercourse, near the cattle yards, Sandhurst. He was intoxicated when last seen alive, on Wednesday evening last. He apparently walked into the drain, which is 6ft. deep, whilst endeavouring to reach home. At the inquest on Saturday a verdict of death from suffocation was returned. THE Colac Reformer mentions that "the grubs are playing sad havoc with the feed on the run of Messrs. Robertson Bros. They have already destroyed a large quantity of grass, making it look like a ploughed field instead of pastoral land. The hills and dry banks are their favourite places for destruction." THE Warrnambool Examiner states :-- "This winter has been the longest and most boisterous known here for many years past, according to the rain gauge kept at Werrong- 0gurt 14.78in. fell in 1879 up to 25thAugust, and 21.86in. in 1880 up to 23rd August last. New South Wales the records show the pre sent winter to have been the driest experi enced there for the past 40 years." THE Camperdown Chronicle, in recording a number of contemplated improvements in the local preserving company's works, says:—" The tinsmiths' department is one of the most important, as all the cannisters will be made at the works, and the requisite machinery is complicated and expensive. The tin plates used by this company are all of a special size and quality, and made to order in England to suit their requirements. Of course, the steam engine and steam boiler will be of a capacity to supply the requirements of the different departments in the establishment, and the amount of steam required considerable. One very important industry, we are informed, will be the rabbit-skin department, with its drying sheds, hot rooms, and store rooms for classifying and pressing the skins in bales for shipment. The extreme care devoted by this company to their preparations in Colac has earned for them a just reputation in England; and this, Mr. Farrington considers, will be a guarantee that the Camperdown factory will be conducted upon the same sound business principles." A GHOST story comes from Nagambie, and is told by the local paper as follows:— " Persons visiting the railway station, and those who have had occasion to visit that locality at night, have been greatly frightened by seeing a 'ghost.' A few evenings ago it appeared near the end of the railway platform, and was that of a figure seven or eight feet in height, arrayed in pure white. The form was that of a female with, as far as could be discerned, a death-like face. It was noiseless in its movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity. One of the porters, who has a considerable amount of courage, proceeded in the direction of the apparition, and when within easy range fired at it, but to his astonishment, after the smoke had cleared away he found the apparition was close to him. He was perfectly terrified, and, dropping his gun, made for his friends at lightning speed. One night last week, as the half-past nine cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, was travelling along the railway road towards the town, a short distance from the station, the spectrum again appeared on the hill side about 60 yards from the cab, and as the conveyance proceeded, so did the figure. This frightened the passengers, and especially the driver, so that he drove his horses at a furious pace, soon losing sight of the apparition. It is currently reported that the stationmaster has applied to be removed." THE Belfast Gazette, of the 27th ult., says:—" On Wednesday last an unusual sight was presented to those who had the pleasure of witnessing the same, viz., a large whale sporting itself about in the waters of Belfast Bay. A number of people went over on the hummocks in the afternoon to enjoy the view of the mammoth fish. It is to be regretted that the necessary gear to capture a whale is not in Belfast at the present time. On Tuesday the same whale, no doubt, visited Portland Bay, and tantalised a few of the old salts. We have been informed that two whales, supposed to be a cow and calf, visited Portland Bay yesterday afternoon, and came in close to the jetty. Immediately three boats' crews went out in chase; one of which, composed of sailors, got within about 16ft. or 20ft. of the whale, but their courage deserted them, and they were afraid to throw the harpoon. Another crew were armed with rifles, but their bullets had little effect on the target. The whole affair, we are informed, was one of the greatest farces imaginable, and when the so-called whalers rowed back to the jetty, they were treated to a large amount of badinage. A WOMAN at Daylesford, who has been receiving relief for a considerable time, died on Monday last. A savings bank book was found in her possession, with over £100 to her credit. THE suicidal policy of those farmers who advocate the continuance of the stock tax is the subject of some very sensible comments in the Bendigo Advertiser:—" The view we take of the matter is this, that if cattle and stock from beyond the Murray are shut out by a tax—it is immaterial whether we call it protective, or prohibitive—we cannot have in this colony an extensive system of meat exportation. That great and important trade will fall into the hands of our neighbours, chiefly those of New South Wales. And we ought to be in as good a position as that colony in this respect. The graziers of Queensland and Riverina will pour their stock into Sydney. There the great exporting firms under the freezing system will be established, whilst Victoria, with a prohibitive duty on her northern border, will shut herself out from any participation in the enormous advantages to be gained by the establishment in Melbourne and other central positions of meat exporting companies." 