"ONLY BASTED." (bt rev. thbodobs l. cuylbr.) THE wise and witty Dr. John Todd, of Pitts field, used to say that, "some men were sowed together, and same others were only basted'* This was a happy description of a certain type of character which is even to be found within the pale of the Church. Dr. Todd originally applied the expression to a crude, half-trained minister, who wa4 by no means furnished thoroughly for his high calling. Such " Gos pellers " still afflict the Church of God with their conceited crotchets. At ouo time they are cackling noisily over some new interpreta tions of prophecy; at another time they are perambulating the land, expounding ex traordinary doctrines on Sanctificatiou; the amount of astonhhing discoveries which these tyros find in thiir limp Bibles would amaze an Kdwards or a Matthew Henry or a Way land. The converts which they make are as loosely 6titched together as themselves. They soon ravel out into other more ridiculous vaga ries, and become ready victims to every reli gious quack who expounds a new nostrum. Sometimes the Lord takes a man who has had but limited book-culture, like Moody or Gough, and educates him by a peculiar ex perience for a peculiar work. But never has it been truer than now, that the man who is to teach the vitalest truths in the universe should be thoroughly taught himself. A minister's knowledge should be well stitched; his con- ! ▼ictions on great moral and spiritual questions should be too strongly held to ravel out; he should never be so " liberal" as to give away God's truth or to break down barriers which God's word sets. up. A pastor lately told me i that he had ceased to attend a certain meeting of his brethren; some of them were so loose in their theology, and so ague-smitten with doubts about inspiration, &c.;, that the meetings only depressed him. There were too many " basted " theologians in that circle. A visit from some such a strong-sewed champion of revealed truth as Mr. Spnrgeon (who never wastes a moment in " apologetics") would be a wholesome tonic for those weak brethren.. There Is no such deadly weakness for Christian ministers as a weakness of faith in God, or of absolute faith in the divine inspiration of every line of God's Word. Alas for SamBon when his looks are shorn! But it is not only in the ministry that thinly " basted" material proves its fiimsiness. Into oar Churches are too often admitted a class of half-converted members, whose experiences of repentance of Bin and renewal by the Holy Ghost have been shallow indeed. They too closely resemble those hearers where the seed fell on thin soil, and having no depth of root it soon withered away. A most uncomfortable class are these loose-basted professors. They have no enjoyment of religion themselves and bring no credit, but only roproaoh npon the Church, to which they are only fattened—like a twig tied to a tree on which it never grew. This class furnishes tho " fair weather Chris tians" who never risk their finer}* on rainy Sabbaths—and the ncglecters of prayer-meet ings and the Bhirkers of all Christian work. Among this class are found the apologists for the theatre and the ball-room. They are the people who " cannot sec any harm in going occasionally to a play/' and always quote what M our tet in society" do. If fashion put6 the wine-glass on their tables, they submit to have it there—tempt whom it may. If fashion in vites them to the b:tll-room, they have no scruple against such revellings." At Saratoga last summer we learned that some of these ill basted professors were conspicuous on the race course! Many a godly pastor can testifv how his righteous soul is vexed by these worldlings within the pale of Christ's fold. They are the fault-finders, against plain, close, searchingpreaching; and when a faithful pastor is to bo dislodged, they are usually tho Guy Fawkeses who steal down in the dark to put the explosive powder under tho pulpit. A gad letter lies before me now from a most faithful brother whose ministry is harried and tormen ted by some of those " lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God.' Having no conscientious scruples against loose self-indulgence them selves, they rebel against pulpit rebuke; and so the foes of the truth are they of the pastor's " own household." The palpable lesson taught by such mischief-makers is that the door of ad tnitsion to Christ's Church should be more carefully guarded. The temptation to let the loose-basted material in is often < very strong, and then the fabric of the Church is propor tionally weakened and gives way. All- the' assaults upon Christianity from without do not compare for a moment with the injury caused by the defeotioa from within. Sometimes a Church-member proves n do fnultor, or is detected in some other crimo against business integrity. The good name of religion suffers sorely; but it suffers a hundred fold worse if the Church condones the crimo by refuting to discipline tho offender! Then merely there is not a single broken Btitch, but a wretched rending of the wholo garment. The whole Chnrch incurs tho gilt and shame of covering sin. A few years ago the editorial column's of The Examiner rang-out in sueh clear and honest protest against this loose "basted morality in the household of Christ, that many hearts outsido of the Baptistbrother hood were gladdened. These are days when Christian obligations require to bo hemmed with a strong stitch; the only fabrics th&t; tcear are those which contain God's command ments well wrought into web and woof. Let us remember who it is that says to us, 111 .counsel thee to buy of me white raiment that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness, do not appear." And if we " put on Christ" before the world, let us see to it that tho garment of our profession is stoutly sowed, and not merely basted. 