ENGLISH & FOREIGN OUR LONDON LETTER. l_PHOit OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.} .London, September 30,-: ' ±ua naviu jjemonstration has been an ill- 1 managed business, and protnises to become the laughing stock of Earope. Hud the Great Powers been thoroughly in accord, itshouldhave taken place more than a month since.' As it is, demonstration at all. Meanwhile, the Bultan is in one of his obstinate moods, and refuses to' give up Dulcigno to the Montenegrins except under conditions that are unacceptable to the Powors, and matters have come to such a dead look that Mr. Gladstone has been compelled to call the Cabinet together to consider the situa tion. Prince Nikita has asked the admirals to co-operate with him in taking possession of Dulcigno, but it appears that they have no authority to do so. , The so-called European concert is nothing more than the concert of the ravens on the perch, which is turned into dis cord the moment there is prey to he tended. The concert is now manifesting -itself by the' ships of the six great Powers bearing'down upon the little town of Duloigno. The present Government has relinquished'moral force for physical coercion, and seemB dis poned to make common cause with-'Russia in bringing the Turk to book. • It' is diffiv cult to Bee what is to' be gained by the bombardment of Dulcigno, or how the- world is to be benefited by taking from the Albanian nationality and giving to that of Montenegro; Altogether matters look very threatening in Eastern Europe. Roumania is agitated. General Tchornaieff has arrived in Servia, and Russia is sending large. BupplieB of arms into Bulgaria. ^ The latest rumour is to the effect that Dulcigno has been burnt by order of the I Albanian League. Another cause of anxiety to tho Government iB the state of Ireland. The news which con currently arrives thence of the murder of Lord Mountmorris, and of the inflammatory haran gues of Mr. Parnell, naturally calls forth a cry for somo immediate coeroiye measures on the paTt of the Government, in order to put down everything that is likely to lead to sedition and outrage. The recent utterances of Mr. Paruell to the illiterate and easily excited Irish who flock to hear him, are likely to lead to dis astrous consequences, and to impede the action of Parliament in legislating for the oountry. Something must be done and done soon. The mntder of Lord Mountmorris is proved beyond doubt to be of a purely agrarian character/ His lordship was very poor, and had but fifteen tenants with small holdings. Consequently, he was compelled to live in strict retirement. Trade' continues in a very bad way". Not only is the farmer doing badly, but agents, Urge tradesmen, and shopkeepers, are faring likewise. I know several establishments here employing many hundreds of hands whioh are absolutely not paying their way, ana although the revenue returns keep up, and it would seem that in the country there is a fair arnouut doing in some of tho faotories, and working i men are pretty well employed; there is little or no doubt that the trading and shop keeping classes are in about as bad a position as tbey can be. Farmers just now have very great difficulty in disposing of their prodnce. They ate obliged to keep the corn in barns and await an opportunity of selling it even at a great loss. The Grand Dnke of Hesse has been staying with the Queen at Balmoral. He camo over, it is said, to ascertain what chance he had of gaining the hand of the Prinoess Beatrice, but the law iB against that. The "Wimbledon Marking Scandal" has been re-opened in the columns of the London press. Lioutenant Eyde, who so skilfully de fended MarBhman before the court-martial, has seen fit to give some sort of " explanation," and naturally this has oalled forth replies from the chief witnesses for the prosecution. After the finding of the court it ought to have con tented tho prisoner's advocate to maintain a discreet silence. His client bnd been acquitted of the serious charge made against bim, und one would have thought that no more remained to ho said. The Executive had promised to institute a stricter mode of marking whi.h ah all render cheating boyond possibility, nnd with this guarantee Volunteers were inclined to forget any suspicion of dishonourable dealings at the butts. Marshman, however, through Lieutenant Eyde, has spoken, and Sergeant Sage and Private Runtz respond with counter statements. That of the latter, to Bay the least, is extremely damaging. Tho whole question bids fair to bo re-opened. Sergeant Sage is so satisfied with his view of what transpirod that he boldly.asks Marshman to prosecnte hira for perjury if he thinks he has any ground for doing so. It is, therefore, not improbable that if tho disoussion procoeds much further, more inquiry of one kind or another will bo necessi tated. It is said that the trnth of tho quarrel be tween tho Pall Mall Gazette and tho Morning Advertiser lies in this directionThe account of General Burrows* defeat camo home in the shape of a diary, and was re-writton hero. The mistake which was made was in adding a little to tho diary from tho telegrams of the day. Had tho writer of the letters been more careful whsn he put the diary into ship-shape there would have been no trouble in the matter; Of course the piinctilliousnoss of the newspapers had mainly to do with subsequent explanations, or the publio would have paid no attention to the matter. „ x. » Wbother it he a silly season " gooseberry or a matter of faot, I know not, but the Stan dard has again raised the Russian ghost, in connection with the Afghan war. It turns out that ft superior officer, belonging to Ayoub Khan's army, who was made prisoner in General Roberts* fight has been making con fessionst By nssorting that "there were no Europeans in Ayoub's camp," he clears away tho doubt which existed as to Russian officers being mixed up with tho leading of Ayonb's force, and of their being responsible for the excellence of tho artillery practice. It may be safely assumed that this excellence of military work, as displayed by Ayotib's' troopsjlies id: the fact that a largo number of tnem0 were ' of; the well-drilled battalions' which: Shere Ali was wont to pride himself concerning. While as to the defeat, it can only be put down- to the false position the troops were placed inrat the beginning of the fight. • • Thd English lino of battle was on a bare plain, facing the enemy, and destitute of cover, while the Afghans were almost completely, protected from their opponents' fire by a broad and deep hnllah, or valley, sweeping round tho front and flunk of General Burrows' men. But referring to the Russsian scare, which the jSfffncfardjhaa discovered, it appears from the evidence of the Afghan officer, which says the papor "is highly interesting, and there appears no reason to suspect him of lying," that shortly aftbr .the beginning of the war two Russian officers from Turkestan arrived at Herat, and were well received. These officers, it appears, offered large aids in money and arms if tho Heratee3 would organise a descent upon Candahar.' But the death of'Shere All put an end to the negotiations. f r London, October 7 The threatened naval demonstration, so far, has come to.nothing,, and.. Turkey has politely told thePowers to "-go to Bath." Such is the sum. and substance . of,, her. mysterious note, which has resulted from recent delays, and which she asked .foretime to draw up. Her. } hope is in the timidity and- want of firmness displayed by-France* which .will, it is believed,' cause the, break up of the European concert. Amid thiB trouble and confusioD, when most people .seem to be;in doubt, and even, the ambassadors talk as if the course before.them lay through some' impenetrable thicket,'one hears some decided utterances in our Liberal press.. " Europe," says the Daily Newst " has been* too forbearing, rt would, perhaps, have been better, if instead of going to Ragusa, the combined, fleets had sailed up the Dardanelles and insisted on the fulfilment of all the three demands which are now justly made on the Porte. But the English Government, at all events, cannot without discredit retire from the position it- has ' taken up. Mr. Gladstone has been successful in restor ing the European concert, of whioh, when' in opposition, he persistently maintained the possibility and the strength. Wo cannot believe that he v^ill now abandon the froits of that concert just as they aro\within reach." The Spectator is Btrongly of opinion that Turkey must be emphatically told that the treaty must be carriod out, and that unless it bo so, then', that a combined fleet must appear off Constantinople. " As to opinion in Eng land," it adds, " it will speedily be manifested, hut we believe it to be this—Outside Society, which is not this • time unanimous, and some Radicals who tbiuk for themselves, the feeling for any special policy in the East is not strong; bat tho feeling that the Government, having spoken, should not allow itself to be defeated, but should go forward, even if the next step is war, is universal. There is a clear sense that if Great Britain recedes after having appealed to her great weapon,-the Fleet, .her influence in the world is over. There is no sympathy for Turkey, and not innch for Greece, which has not fought, bnt a great deal for Europe and Great Britain." There was a meeting at Knightsbridge on Monday, to protest against the action of the Government in regard to JDnlcigno, and a very noisy gathering it was. There were only about 300 persons present, although the Duke of Wellington's riding school, in which the meet ing was held,1 holds a couple of thousand. The resolutions—three in number—were carried, but there were a great many dissentients. At one period of the meeting, two gentlemen, one at each end of the platform, essayed to speak at the same time, and caused considerable dis turbance, while one man, who wanted to oppose a resolution, asserted that he had been for bidden by the chairman to speak. This, how ever, was untrue, as the audience refused to hear him. This meeting, I was informed, was the precursor of similar meetings, to be held all over the country. Thus far, thore has been no distinct news as to the probability of an early session of Parlia uifnt being held next month.' A rumour as to this, however, was afloat a few days since, and great pressure was put on {the contractor en gaged iu the o)eaning of the junior Carlton Club, to speedily finish the work.- The club has ro-opened. ' - • ' ; ... Some extraordinary disclosures are being elicited by.the Election Commissions at Oxford, Canterbury, Macclesfield, Sandwich,1 and Knoresborough, where the ballot has" not been of much use. - : • Tho St. James'- Gazette has a notoworthy artiolc on Lord Sherbrooke's essay in the j&ine; teenth Century on obstruction. Your contem porary rather" bitterly • resents tho idea'that there'Should be any blame of Abstraction to the mischievous measures of a Gladstone Radi cal Ministry, so long1 as such obstruction pro ceeded either from the legitimate Conservative I Opposition, or from what is called the fourth party. With the Home Rulers,the St. James1 Gazette says, it is quite a different case, and no penalties can ho too severe against obstructions by them. • The cloture, it says, would never do, for it would shut up all subsequent debate, good or bad. The best plan, it thinks, would be for the House to shut up individual members, pre sumably Hom^ Rule members, when considered to be speaking against time. It strikes me the same-article could be pnt into a sentence. Shut everyone up severely, except those friends of mine," Lord Randolph Ohurohill, Mr. Gorst, and Mr. Chaplin, to wit. Apropos of the abolition of the malt tax, which came into force yesterday, a tremendous outcry is being raised about the new tax by the exoise men, and especially the olasa known as the district surveyors. Many of them had Battled down in towns all over the country, and thought they were there for life, when they were suddenly moved to places of which, probably, they had never heard beforehand put to fresh work. Nearly 200 have been moved in this way in consequenoe of tho abolition of the malt-tax. ; Talk of sosthetio exteriors for houses I ^ 1 saw a house*in" BrunBwiok Gardens, Kensington, yesterday, which had recently had its outer adorned in tho now Btyle. The pillars" and tue* mil of the veranda woro pale lemon coldur/ while-tho rest was a doad red. If that house' had stood by itself the contrast of colours' might not have seemed quite so glaring; a; little vegetation, too, might have carriod it off.' But Brunswick Gardens, despite its horticnl*' tural title, is an unmitigated street with houses of the dingiest stucco, amongst which this; resplendent mansion looked remarkable indeed. Wo sadly want a little colour in our Loudon' streets; but this houee rushes violently into' tho opposite extreme. The following deaths are announced General Henry Uichmond Jones, "C.B., Colonel of the 6th Dragoon Guards; M. Offenbach, the celebrated musician and composer; and Mr. William Lassell, the astronomer, who died at the age of 82. M. Offenbach, who was born \- at Cologne, of Jewish parents, had attained hisr 61st year. Mr. Thomas Carlyle is reported to be in a very feeblo condition, though not confined to his bed. He haB reached his 86th year. , The appearance of Garibaldi at Genoa is not likely to seriously disturb the position of affairs in Italy, though it may help the radical propa ganda in favour of universal suffrage. The old General went to Genoa with a view of visiting his sou-in-law, Major Canzio, in prison. The Government refuse to release Canzio or to mitigate his sentence, and in consequence, Garibaldi and his aon, Meno.tti. have resigned their seats in the Chamber of Deputies. 