Hill End Gold-fields. (PttOM OCH. OWK CORRESPONDENTS.) The earlier days of Hill End mining, those that witnessed the beginning of the Hawkins' Hill rush, seem to us, in these latter day developments of crushings, whose i i:hn'» is calculated by pennyweights to the ton, to have b'Xjri « period flushed with romance. To the few not bitten with the gold fever, it must have seemed an uptKttin? «f ihe proper order of things ; a mild return l-- Ac enchantments of the Arabian Nights, that nion atul women should be raised in a month from squalid povorty !«? affluence ; that ground concealing pockets of gold livalliiis the riches of Aladdin's palace should be ottered for Kale I'oi a mere song; that as the fever spreads, company aft™ company (mere bubbles) floated gaily upwards on the mere mention of Hawkins' Hill ; jh:«1 Uial while steady hardworking men toiled for u. hxtv subsistence, many an improvident sc;iu»p dmppo* upon what would with care have made him independent. Then followed the period when big yields were at J.hoir biggest ; when easily earned gold was squander^ !ii|c water, and when the public were too much under Fortune' - glamour to distinguish between genuine investments and those bubble companies which only enriched a few -3obigi«n^ rogues and nearly destroyed public confidenoo iu mini'? speculations. The third act in the drama was played wheu gold jrave out at shallow levels, and when (iif deceptive nature of the bubbles became so painfuiiy ovid'.'«'' The curtain was rung down, and though recent i.-hvk fwm the Star of Peace and Krohmann's Amalgantul-nl Com panies give hope that it will be again raised, t)r; o\i «?.?'«?* form eo distinctive a drama, and are so complexly crvs tallizcdinto one picturo, that they will repay rotr.isp: ;!??''? % Among the richest and best managed claims on iho llil« wsus Puxton's, which was taken up at t,T;-- lalt^r end of 1866, and first worked in February, 1S07- Konrinw beean to work it at first, but its extent was i;i-j!:l'iv:n's ground, 122 feet along the line of reef, by a depii- «»f_.'»i-i» yard*. It was taken up in consequence of r!-:!i vial'*1 in Rawsthome'6 claim, but for 18 months th- own;^ were unrewarded for their enterprise, and uh-tH a'^1*' shaft was sunk without any payable reef bo»£ htvu-*- One of these shafts Wii6 down 120 feet, and as v-:i:tiU'i»» was necessary it ; occurred to the partners that lboy mijr''1 come up about '20 feet and drive to another shaft for :'.ir, t'*- inere connection of the two serving, as every minfi' ^knovrf. Jo establish a constant current. One of thcoii^iii' «b»«''* holdtTs one night, or more strictly speaking', 01c mvi*'' (rin-*e it was after midnight), as he went down f' ?'-- ''^ shift of work, noticed something glitter in (!:-- i''»-i '? the drive. With a faint hope and expectation --'.' ' ? ?''' '' fortune, ho and his mate put in ' a popper,' that ia a tiny blset of powder, and dislodged a piece of quartz, barred with a streak of gold as thick as a knife-blade. Following up the search, they discovered imbedded in the blue rock three narrow veins of quartz, each gold-bearing. Still one was only as thick as a shilling, and the other was like a knife blude, and one of Mr. Paxton's partners was positive that it would no*, pay- How delightfully was his opinion falsified when tin's very stone subsequently yielded 800 oz. of gold to the ton. Each shift was able to'get out half a bucket ful of thic stone, that is about 5 cwt. a week — some- thing like- a weekly income of £800 to be divided between four iiu-n. This continued for some time, and then the veins or ' Ktringere ' began to thicken. As they did so they became poorer, and developed into veins several inches thi'*lc, ficUing, finally, too poor 'to follow. The party then sunk. »nd got payable reins in the shaft, which fora con siderable period went about 5 oz. to the ton, and which were worked profitably in other claims. Paxton's party -drove south along these veins (called the East workings) to the boundary, and their work paid them pretty well, while to the north, towards the Star of Peace boundary it was poor enough. Mr. Paxton suspected that they were not on the proper line, and they drove to the westward until they cut three veins that gold' was being got from in the next claim (called Paxton's) veins that fairly ran gold. There ivtTO the banging wall vein, the middle vein, and the footwall vein, varying from six inches to thirty inches in width, and these veins, got. in the whole length of the claim , were worked down to a depth of 260 feet. The veriest tyro in mining can understand this richness when he learns that two tons of the substance (it would be a mistake to call it stone) taken from the middle vein, yielded 4250 oz. of gold, that is nearly £17,000 ?worth. At this time ten weeks work yielded the shareholders £12,460 worth of the precious inelal, aud the eight weeks following gave them £28,000. The next crushing went to the tune of £6900, and the following list of crushings may prove interesting: — 1870— June, 214 tons went 637 oz. 19 dwts. ; September 3, 77* tons went 243 oz. 18 dwts. ; September 17, 90 tons went 349 -i7.. G dwts. ; October, 203 tons went 508 oz. 2 dwts. ; .November, 99 tons went 338 oz. ; December, 261 tons went 820 oz. 1S71 — May, 530 tons went 1301 oz. 3 dwts. 4 grs. From January, 1871, for three months or more, the ?only work done was timbering the shaft. In 1872, £47,000 worth of gold was taken out. The mine was formed into a company. The yields then be^an to fall off, nud a few dividends were paid. The claim is now beiug worked on tribute. 'Whether 'or not it will yield another such golden harvest as that which scattered evanescent luxury around Hill End remains to be seen, and recent indications at Hawkins' Hill would lead one to the impression that the hope, which, according to the . poet, ' springs eternal in the human breast,' has some reason for saltation in the case of the present owners of the Paxton's mine. Allusion has been made in this article to the splendid yield of 4250 ounces of gold from a crushing of two ton*. 'Well, this gold was shown at the Joint Stock Bank just as it was turned out of the crucible. It was a hemisphere 14£ inches across and 10 inches deep — the half of a glorious golden orange, as eagerly coveted as the glitter ing apples of the Hesperides, and, indeed, as jealously guarded as were its nvniph - tended prototypes by the dragon that Hercules slew. In those golden days of the Hill, charges of gold-stealing against miners were very freely whispered, but, to the credit of those who handled the pick and tamping-iron there, it must be allowed that in only a few cases were there any grounds for the accusation. ' In one instance a ' poor miner ' was in tho habit of depositing in the bank not only his fortnightly cheque for work done but extra cash, and* still .was able to live in comfort that would seem to his representatives now, luxury. He was never found out, although the closest of watches was maintained on him for a month, and he, like all the other men, had to strip and change every rag of clothing on coming up the shaft after his ' shift,'1 or turn of work. ' I suppose,' said a recent visitor to the mine, to a gentleman who was relating the i-.ircumstance to him, ' you didu't make him change his pipe?' ' 'Why, no ! ' was the answer. 'Why do you -ask that 5'' ' Merely that in one of the richest Victorian mines the gold went, and went most mysteriously, until a raid was made upon the cutty-pipes of the gangs as they knocked off, and that three of them were found to hold half an ounce each of little nuggets and dust, snugly tucked under Barrett's twist.' ' Ah, well ! it's too late now to do anyfhing'of the sort ; and I only wish we had the old times back again, with all their risks.' And then followed ? a couple of stories which showed that the owners of rich mines did not always get the whole amount taken out. The men at Paxton's used to talk of the Hawkins' Hill ghost, which haunted an old tunnel in the Hill, whose opening was near the track followed by those going to -and from the mine. ? Mysterious wailing sounds and ghosth lights were wont to issue from this cavern, and after vainly endeavouring to solve the mystery, the miners all accepted the supernatural theory and in variably put the best leg forward in passing this entrance to AveYnus. All ? No, not all, for there was a quick witted Irishman who determined to look at the inmate of the cavern, be he ghost or devil, and one moonless night when all was black as a wolf's mouth, Pat removed his boots and stole into the tunnel. As he crept along the rough drive the adventurer heard ghostly thuds and groans as though the ' muckled horned one' were trouncing some poor soul -delivered into his power, and with his heart in Imr mouth, he thought of retreat. But no ! having come so far, ?' shpirit ' (whether whisky or not, doth not nppear) egged him on, and as the sound increased, he suw the glimmer of a light, which issued from behind a screen ahead, aud convinced then that every thing w&s; natural, Pat stole up and looked in. There, in a corner, was seated a man, pounding away at a big mortar, while the flicker of a candle, stuck to the wall by a dab of clay, showed a pickle bottle three parts full of gold. The pounder, a skulking ruffian, better known than trusted, who worked in a neighbouring rich claim, piuseda moment to give an unearthly howl, and Pat was just «oingto rush in and secure him, when a second man came forward and threw into the mortar a number of specimens, which by the candlelight glittered as if spangled. Two to one seemed too long odds, so Pat, in high glee at his discovery, alole away. Next day he disclosed the secret, 'and planned a, raid upon. ' the den, but when he and his friends arrived there the birds had flown, though, of course, no one had told them that, vulgarly speaking, ' the plant was sprung.' The other story told how a sergeant of police induced a -daiinholdcr to take out a warrant to search the dwelling of a 'mysterious person who hsid purchased a house between ?Hiil Endand Tambaroora. The stranger did nothing, yet had .plenty of money, and was known to send away large quantities of gold ; find 'as the pounding of specimens was going on 'here nightly, the sergeant hoped by a well-planned raid to pounce upon the ' fence ' and his customers together. A bafhursl detective helped to lay the snare, and one mid night the warrant was enforced. Bat the fence had boon lirforriiaud with them, for he was quite alone, and though his mortar was full of valuable specimens half-pounded, he refund with a leer to say where he got them; and as tho '-flicers could not prove that he had acquired them in an illegal ni;inucr, they had to retire biting their nails. Such »re the reminiscences of old. identities of Hill End, and the most welcome news that one could now afford many a man in. Sydney would be that the mines were in such a state that troid' mining was likely to flourish again. 