FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) ABANDONED CHAPTER XXXVII. A SCENE IN THE COURT-ROOM Wednesday morning -- that all-important day came at last. Lord Durward and Kenneth arose early, for they were obliged to go to Westminster, where the court was in session, by the six o'clock train. Lord Durward was unusually quiet and somewhat nervous while eating his breakfast, for he felt that the day would be a trying one to him. As the time drew near, he did not feel nearly so confident as to the issue; a thousand objections which he had never thought of before presented themselves to his mind, and tortured him with doubt and fear. He kept casting stealthy glances at Kenneth, who sat opposite him, and who looked like a veritable ghost in the dim morning light. He knew that nothing but pride made him willing to have the case come to trial -- he had filed his peti- tion and was too proud to withdraw it -- and it would take but very little to make him shrink from the ordeal and refuse to persevere in the matter. Kenneth himself, pale and hollow-eyed, managed to swallow a little coffee, and then he pushed back both cup and plate in disgust. He could not eat -- he felt as if the first mouthful must choke him. He had not slept at all during the night, but had tossed restlessly to and fro, wondering, in a con- temptuous way, if within twenty-four hours he should indeed be a free man once more! If, indeed, those solemn vows which he had uttered would be rendered null and void ! A free man! How worse than mockery the words sounded to him. The law might indeed free him in a certain way, and give him the right to choose another wife, if he should ever see fit to do so ; but it could never free him from the love which even now filled his whole being -- it could never free him from the misery which the loss of its object must ever entail upon him. He knew that, down in the depths of his great heart, he should always cherish the memory of a fair, sweet face -- of that proud, queenly girl, whom only he could ever love as a wife should be loved, and who had made his life so full of blessedness for a few brief months. And now he was about to put her away from him forever! " What God hath joined together let no man put asunder. " That solemn sentence had rung in his ears con- stantly during the last few days; but he tried to comfort himself, and still the voice of conscience, with the thought that what he was about to do he was doing that she might be happy and free once more. It was all for her sake, not for his own. Yet, through it all, he was conscious of an un- comfortable feeling, that the matter was being hur- ried to a termination in a way that did not seem either right or proper. But he had put the business in the hands of Lord Durward and his lawyer, and so it did not become him to manifest any disatisfac- tion for obtaining the very end which he professed to desire. He wondered if he should see Nina to-day -- if they should again look into each other's eyes, and how she would appear ? Could he look into those grave, sweet eyes -- into that fair, flower-like face, and listen to those dear, familiar tones, and then put her away forever ? He knew that it would take all the force of his will-power to pass through the trying ordeal ; for even now his whole soul was yearning for her with an intensity that seemed likely to master him. That she would not oppose the case he felt very confident, but whether she would take this oppor- tunity to try to vindicate herself, he did not feel quite so certain of. He knew that she was very proud, and that what- ever she might do, she would not compromise her- self in the least, but would appear in every respect the same calm beautiful Nina as of old. Kenneth was relieved when at last they were on the way. He felt as if inaction would drive him mad ; and he was thankful, too, when Lord Durward at last aroused himself to a sense of his own duty, and kept him talking during most of their journey by rail. They reached Westminster at about nine o'clock, and drove directly to a hotel opposite the court- house, where his lordship insisted that they should have a lunch. They had been obliged to make so light and hasty a breakfast, he knew Kenneth must be faint, having eaten nothing. This occupied them fifteen minutes or so, after which they started for the court-house. They passed out at the front entrance, down the granite steps, and then along the pavement by the side of the building. As they did so, a drop of water splashed into Ken- neth's face. It had rained that morning, the eaves were drip- ping, and the wind had taken this one little drop and whisked it down upon him. How little a thing it takes to turn the current of our whole life! It was a trivial circumstance, but in his nervous condition it gave him a start, and made him look quickly up. He saw at once where it came from, and he was about to pass on, when a face at a window in the second story suddenly caught his eye and held him spell-bound. His heart stood still, his breath stopped, and the very blood in his veins seemed to congeal. It was a face as pure as snow -- sad and wistful in expression beyond description -- lips as hueless as the cheek, and heavenly eyes that met his in a look of mingled love and despair, yearning and reproach that seemed to cleave his heart in twain. It was the face of Nina, his wife! The face he had dreamed of by night, and that had haunted him by day -- the one face that was fairer to him than any other in all the world, the face of his wife -- his own, she was now at this moment, but in a little while she would be his no longer, for was he not about to put her away from him forever ? In a little while he would be free -- there were to be no more fetters for him -- that face, so lovely, so heavenly as it seemed to him at this moment, would be nothing to him by the time the sun went down -- it would never rest upon his bosom again, it would never be lifted again to meet his lips, or lay against his cheek ; it would be more utterly lost to him than if it had been buried beneath the sod, and was moldering in dust. There she stood, the tall, stately form, as if carved in marble ; she did not move, she did not even seem to breathe. The only sign of life was that steadfast, lingering, devouring look into her dear one's face, a look which seemed to drink up his heart as the sun drinks up the dew ; and to draw his soul to hers, as the magnet draws the needle toward the poles. For one brief minute -- it seemed an eternity of mingled joy and pain -- they stood thus, looking, as they be- lieved, their long last farewell upon each other. A gray pallor overspread Kenneth's face, his lips parted as if to speak her name, but no sound issued from them ; a blind dizziness seized him. Mechanically; he put up his hand and lifted his hat, and then turning, he staggered like a man drunken with wine to Lord Durward's side. " What is the matter ?" he demanded, startled by his appearance ; and not having seen that apparition at the window, he could not account for it. " Nothing but a little dizziness -- it will soon pass," Kenneth returned, slipping his arm within his com- panion's to steady himself, for he was weak and trembling in every limb. They passed into the court-house, where the earl led Kenneth to a private room, and procured him a glass of wine, for he was much alarmed by his looks, and feared lest the proceedings of the day would have to be stayed on his account. At last their case was called, and as the witnesses took their seats, Kenneth was startled to see Caro- line among them. She appeared very much distressed, and had evi- dently been weeping. She had been obliged to come, being the most important witness they had ; but she would not consent to go with Kenneth and her father, and had taken her seat in another carriage ; consequently Kenneth had known nothing of her presence until that moment. It mas a shock to him to know that she would tes- tify against Nina, and something of the old bitter- ness toward her returned for awhile. But he knew that her testimony and his own would be about all the evidence they would have, except- ing a little, perhaps, from Lord Durward, and what few items the lawyer had gathered. He looked around for Nina -- every time the door opened and shut, be started, and expected to see that snow-like face enter. But she came not, neither was there any counsel present to act for her. The lawyer presented the case at some length. called upon Lord Durward to state what he knew, and then Caroline was asked to give her evidence. She told her story in a very modest and simple way, and apparently with great reluctance, but every word was like an arrow in Kenneth's soul. He was sitting upon a settee, and bowing his head upon the back of it, and hiding his face ; he steeled himself to bear it as best he could, never for one moment forgetting that sad wistful face, or those heavenly eyes, with that steadfast deathless look of love in their azure depths. Caroline's tale was finished at last ; it seemed as if he could never listen to it again, and live -- it was concentrating all the agony of more than a year into a few moments of time -- and yet he knew that they would expect him to repeat in substance what she had said since they had both witnessed that scene in the servants' parlor in London. There was a moment of silence after Caroline sat down, and he felt that every gaze was fastened upon him. Then his name was called, and he felt that the hour had come that was to quench his last hopes and extinguish the last ray of light, which almost unconsciously he had cherished in his heart ; and he knew that when that decree should be granted, in- stead of the relief and acquiescence which he hoped the sad certainty would bring him when all possibil- ity of a reconciliation was past, he should be more forlorn and desolate than ever before. A look of pity began to creep into the faces of the judge and jury; there was a considerate hush, a lit- tle longer pause, and then his name was spoken again. His heart gave a sudden bound as if it would leap from his body; he tried to arouse himself, to lift his head, to stand upon his feet, but he could not move \-- every limb seemed benumbed. A ringing, as of a thousand discordant bells, was in his ears, the sound as of a rushing torrent was in his head, he could not see, then -- everything seemed slipping away from him, and all was blank! His lawyer went up to him, wondering that he should take it so much to heart, lay his hand upon his shoulder, and stooping down, looked into his face. He sprang back affrighted, and lifting a white scared face to the judge, whispered hoarsely : " My God ! your honor, he is dead !" All was instant confusion. Caroline gave one shriek, and fainted dead away ; and Lord Durward was wild with two lifeless ones on his hands. Of course, all business was instantly suspended, and medical aid immediately summoned. Kenneth was borne into a private room, and laid upon a couch, and subjected to a critical examina- tion. Powerful restoratives were applied, and vigorous rubbing commanded. No, he is not dead," at last the skilful physician said, and immediately lifting a fearful burden from every anxious heart. " He is not dead," he repeated, " but he could not endure many such attacks like this ; it was a very alarming form of syncope, brought on no doubt by some violent emotion." It was more than an hour before Kenneth could sit up. The attack had left him very weak, and it was late in the afternoon before he felt equal to re- turning to Leamington. "Take care of yourself," the doctor said, at part- ing. " I would not answer for you if you should have another such turn -- it might end in apoplexy; keep your head cool, your feet warm, and -- your mind free from anxiety," he concluded, with a warn- ing look. His journey home did much to restore him, and by the time they reached the Towers he declared himself as well as ever, and exerted himself to reassure both Lord Durward and Caroline, who he saw were very much disturbed on his account. Lady Durward had the coziest and most tempting tea awaiting them ; and as they drew up around the table in that handsome dining-room, the group re- minds us very much of a similar scene in the break- fast-room in London, when the same characters were first introduced to us. But alas ! they little thought that they were doomed never to gather thus again. Ralph had been sent for at this particular time to help enliven the house. Kenneth was very fond of him -- the two noble hearts were very congenial -- and Lady Durward had wisely foreseen that he would derive much comfort and pleasure from his presence at this trying time. She knew at any rate that he would help to divert him from his troubles. Caroline was very quiet and subdued during the meal -- she had been badly frightened by Kenneth's illness, and was nearly crushed that the object of the day's doings had not been accomplished -- for, of course, the case had to be postponed. Kenneth, also, was somewhat thoughtful, and Lord Durward sullen and taciturn; but Ralph and his mother kept up a lively chat during the meal, which could not fail to interest and amuse the others. They were nearly through, and each was wonder- ing what they should do to pass away the hours of the evening, when the butler entered bearing a note upon a silver salver. This he presented to his lordship, who at once opened and read its contents without ceremony. It was from a firm of eminent lawyers in town, and the contents seemed to surprise him somewhat. It read like this : " TO HIS LORDSHIP THE EARL OF DURWARD : Sir : Having an important matter which we wish to consult with you about, we desire to know if you will be at liberty to-morrow at ten ? at which time we will call upon you if agreeable. " Please return answer by bearer. " Very ob' t'ly. FARNUM & FORREST " Att'ys at Law. " Leamington, May-, 18-," "Tell the bearer," Lord Durward said, turning to the butler, when he had considered the matter some- what, " that I shall be at liberty to-morrow, and will receive the gentlemen." He then passed the note over to her ladyship, say- ing, indifferently : "What business they can have with me is more than I can imagine." Lady Durward read it, and a presentiment of com- ing evil instantly crept over her. Her mind suddenly reverted to her encounter and conversation with Nina, in the porch of the shop in town, two days previous. Her last words came back to her with a vividness and ominousness that were startling. " In a very few days," she had said, " you will doubtless know my object in coming here." And again, " I wish, for your own sakes, that you and yours had been a little more kind to me in the past: but, let me repeat, that I cherish no anger toward you. It may be a comfort to you sometimes to re- member my words." She had not paid much heed to them at the time, but now she distinctly recalled every word, and something seemed to tell her that this visit of these legal gentlemen must be in some way connected with Madam Leicester and her daughter. But, then, what on earth could their business be ? Of course Nina could not have known then how the affairs of to-day would end, and what possible hold could they have upon any member of her family ? She went over these thoughts in her mind again and again, until she laughed at her own folly and was disgusted with her nervous imaginings. With a scornful smile she at last dismissed the subject, arose from the table, and led the way into the drawing-room. A cozy fire burned in the polished grate, for the evening was chill, and the room looked cheerful and inviting. They gathered about it, and spent a pleas- ant hour in cheerful conversation, while the sword of justice settled lower over that fated household, and hung suspended as by a hair. Kenneth forced himself to remain with them for awhile, feeling that it would appear surly and un- grateful in him to go away when he saw how Lady Durward was exerting herself to cheer and enter- tain him. But conversation after a time began to lag, and by and by Caroline stole out, and he noticed as she passed him that her face was pale and sad, and that her step was languid and weary. Not long after he also excused himself from the group, and left the room. CHAPTER XXXVIII. "I WILL YET BE COUNTESS OF MELROSE!I" Kenneth, after leaving the drawing-room, feeling oppressed and heavy-hearted, lighted a cigar, and went out for a quiet stroll in the grounds. Lady Durward was glad that he had gone. That mysterious business appointment for the morrow still haunted her, and she wanted to ask a few questions of her husband. " What business do you suppose Farnum and For- rest can have with you?" she said, entering at once upon the subject of her thoughts. " I'm sure I cannot imagine -- some little matter pertaining to the public good, I presume," his lord- ship replied, indifferently. " But they stated that they had business of impor- tance." " Perhaps they desire my influence in Parliament regarding some personal interest." "You do not think, then, that it can be connected in any way with to-day's doings ?" she asked, anxiously. " Pshaw ! no. If that girl or her mother had con- templated taking any opposing steps, they would have presented themselves to-day. I must say that I was very anxious about the matter, after learning from you and Caroline that they were here in Leam- ington, and I was very much surprised at their non- appearance to-day, as I had confidently expected that they would oppose the case, notwithstanding the girl told you she should not appear," was the thoughtful reply. "I do not know why it is, but I feel very nervous regarding that interview to- morrow. You know she told me that I should learn within a few days her object in coming here, and I cannot help feel- ing that this has something to do with it," said her ladyship. " I must admit that the girl is plucky, and sus- tains her dignity in a remarkable way whenever she encounters any one of the family ; you cannot seem to browbeat or put her down an atom; but as for her having any particular object in coming here to live that will in any way affect us, it is simply impos- sible," the earl said, sceptically, " I hope you are right about it," his wife returned, not very hopefully : " perhaps I am uselessly nervous over it, but the disappointment of to-day has nearly upset the whole of us, though for Kenneth's and Caroline's sake I have tried to appear as cheerful over it as possible." "That is the better way, of course, but it seemed as if fate was against us, when we could not have failed to win the case, had it not been for Kenneth's ill turn. Whatever could have ailed him, do you suppose ?" " I should say it was caused by stagnation of the blood ; of course it must have been a very trying day to him, and notwithstanding that he is looking so well, I do not believe that he has fully recovered his strength since his sickness, and any great excite- ment or emotion might produce such an attack. It was very unfortunate, however." " It was, indeed. I had hoped that the whole business would be well over with and off my mind to-night. Do you think Caro is making any pro- gress in that direction ?" he asked, lowering his voice, and with a significant nod toward the door through which the young people had disappeared. " I should think so if he had not been so over- come to-day ; it looks as though his heart had failed him at the last moment. Caro said they had a delightful trip to Melrose Park, and that Kenneth was very attentive, as well as confidential regarding his plans for the future. He took her over the house, which he proposed putting in perfect repair, asked her advice, and said he should adopt any of her suggestions. He insisted that they should have their dinner in a little room all by themselves, and they had almost a merry time over it, and Caro really returned in high spirits." " That is quite a favourable report, I should say," remarked the earl, with a satisfied smile. " He has not even mentioned to me that he contemplated making any changes at Melrose." " He even consulted her about new hangings and carpets, and also concerning a plan for a new con- servatory." " Whew! that does look a little like business; and if he had not make such a ninny of himself over that girl, I should say his heart was mending," his lordship remarked, well pleased by what she had told him. " I cannot understand why she should have re- fused to appear against him," mused Lady Durward, still haunted by Nina's mysterious words to her. "Ah! I can explain that to you. Kenneth told me about it to-day on our return. It seems that in some way, the girl got hold of his address; how, is more than I can account for, and wrote, asking him to return and let her explain her conduct. This he said he did not feel equal to, and replied to that effect, proposing at the same time a separation. She answered at once agreeing to his proposal, and that is why, it seems, that he fell in so readily with my idea regarding it. The strangest thing of all is, that they have been living here in Leamington all the time, and she wrote to him from here." " It is strange ; they must have kept themselves very close that none of us have seen them. But is it not a little strange, too, that Kenneth should not have mentioned the fact to us before ?" asked Lady Durward. " I don't know ; he has not been very communica- tive regarding his affairs during the past year. I presume he thought we knew of it, and the subject has, of course, been a very painful one to him, and will be for a very long time yet." " What a mercy it is that they never happened to meet since his return ! It was a narrow escape that day at the Priory." " Yes, and we must look out that they do not come in contact even now, or it might upset everything before the case comes on again," returned his lord- ship, with a troubled look. Things did not look quite as favorable as he would have liked them to. Out in the park, the object of their conversation strolled up one path and down another, wearily, restlessly, aimlessly. The events of the day came crowding back upon him, bringing with them the strangest sensations. He had expected to return to Leamington a free man, and have all worry and anxiety over his past troubles forever at an end. He had believed it was the only way to end his suffering -- there was never pain like his pain, never wrong like his wrong -- and he thought the only way to cure it, was to put to death every hope, annul every tie, then the sting of his constant torture would abate, his broken heart would heal. "It is the only way," he had said a hundred times; " then, and only until then, can I begin to live." What was the meaning, then, of this strange feel- ing of relief, almost of joy, that he had been obliged to return from Westminster the same as he went ? Why did he experience this sense of freedom, as if some crushing burden had been suddenly removed from his soul, as he realized that his own weakness had defeated his long cherished purpose ; that the case had been interrupted and postponed, and his relations to Nina were still unchanged ? He had unexpectedly looked once again upon that face, which was stamped upon his soul by the im- press of a mighty love that could never die. He had gazed into those deep, fathomless eyes, which had power to move him as nothing else upon earth could move him; and he knew that in spite of all he believed against her, in spite of all that he had resolved upon for the future, in spite of his strivings within and his strivings without to forget and discard her, that to-night his heart was strangely light, and a note of triumph was ringing away down in his soul, because he had not succeeded in his purpose, because he had been pre- vented from cancelling the tie which bound them. She was his yet -- a little longer she would bear his name -- a little longer he could hold her, and no other man could claim her. He covered his eyes with his hand, and strove to recall the picture he had seen that morning. That proud, statue-like figure framed in by the graceful drooping curtains of lace and crimson damask ; that patrician face so pure, so saint-like in its pale beauty, and those wonderful eyes which seemed to grasp and read his very soul. He knew that but for that sight, but for that mournful, reproachful look, he should have had strength to have gone unmoved through that trying ordeal of the day. But why had she been there, if she had not intend- ed to be present at court ? Ah! the reason came to him like a stroke, smiting him with cruel force. She had been impatient and eager to learn the de- cision -- she could not wait to have it sent to her, and doubtless she would be deeply disappointed at the interruption and postponement. And thus he strolled on, torturing himself with these reflections, until he came to a fanciful little pagoda or summer-house, which had been erected for Caroline's special benefit, and where she often came to sit with her work or drawing when the weather was fine. 'He was on the point of passing this also, when a slight noise from within attracted his attention. He wheeled about suddenly, and entered, glad of anything to interrupt this eternal thinking about himself and his own affairs. A sob smote his ear as he stepped within the door- way, and in one corner he thought he saw a figure crouching. (To be continued.) 