MESSRS DODSAND M'COLL'S ! CANAL SCHEME. Since 1871 the publio has from time to time been bored with a proposal to con struct magnificent canals at tremendous expense, whiob, . we are assured, will prove marvellously reproductive. The priee of land is to be enhanoed by their construc tion, every farmer within coo-ee of the water ie to enjoy thebenefitof irrigation, the mallee scrub is to be converted into a paradise for market gardeners, the arid plains of tbe North aro to teem with verdura, and the wilderness nod its appreciation of tho moisture bestowed upon it. A temperance city is to rise in the heart of the the dessicated mallee, and the white sands are to wave with yellow corn. Such are the glorious prospects held out to the believers in the canal scheme of Messrs Dads and M'Coll, Probably there is a glow of imagination, which always throws a halo round the projects of grant engineers of the Lesaeps stamp, whiob has given an exaggerated view of the vaat benefits to bs derived for national irrigation ; but it certainly ooncerna the publio to know whether the Bcheme which has been before the country so long is praotical, whether it is reasonable and whether it is feasible. .If it- be only a flight of fancy worthy of an Auitralian Jules Vesne, then let it bB officially known to be bo. Prom time to time Ministers have more than hinted that they possess docu mentary evidence which proveB the grand caua scheme impracticable. If this be so the evi dence Bhould be made publio, and the grand oanel scheme be relegated to the limbo of the impossible. If tho evidence referred to be not at hand, then we think that Ministers would act wisely in having a contour survey made in order to ascertain definitely whether or not the grand canal eoheme is praoti- oable, Either MeBBra Dods and M'Coll should be Bhown to be wild-gooee alias ing, and left severely alone to the pursuit, or if their scheme be what they represent it to be, they -Bhould receive the enoourage- ment and countenance their enterprise deserves. The canal scheme in its present condition is degenerating into a bore. It gives one a turn to see it mentioned over a news- paper column, or as the heading of a new deputation. There iB no variety in it. It ie like tbe skeleton in the oloset,that appoars when it is least wanted, and in tbe most 'unexpected situations, We call upon the Government once for ail to lay this ghost, and free the publio from ; the constant affliction they suffer from Its visitations. Irrigation, we under stand, i'b to be an article of the Ministerial pro gramme; and if while Ministers are pushing on with their own eoheme the publio were assured that the canal was practicable, some thing in tbe way uf a start would no doubt be made by private enterprise. At any rate, in the interests of that large section of the publio vitally Interested in the irrigation of tbe plains, the contour survey of the route of tbe proposed grand canal would not be out of place. If the canal is impracticable, than those to whom irrigation meanB success, and the want of it starvation, will be able to oast about for other means of securing tho wealth- giving water. While the grand canal scheme blocks the way very little ia libel? to be done in any other direction by those whom it would moro immediately benefit. 