COURT OF MINES. NINE-MILE SPRINGS. SATURDAY, DECUMBER 11. Before B. Shaw, Esq., Commissioner. Watson v. Barrett and others.-This was an objection to the registration of a united claim held under miners' rights, but the objector decided to withdraw the case. Watson v. Ride and others.-This was a similar case, the objection being also with. drawn. Watson v. Gaunt and others.-In this case, also an objection to registration, the objection was withdrawn. Turnbull v. Hackett.-This was a dispute as to the right to ton acres of land, under applica tion for lease by both parties. Seven witnesses were examined, and the Commissioner eventu ally decided in favour of defendant. Watson v. Pearn.-This was an objection to registration of a claim under miners' rights, and after hearing the evidence the Commissioner decided to refuse registration. NATInRAL HISTORn. - On Saturday afternoon a fine specimen of the white hawk was forwarded to Mr Birchall, per river-steamer Corio, from Mr J. Nicol, of George Town, as a contribittion to wards the Mechanics' Museum. As, however, the bird was alive and appa rently in good health, it was considered a pity to kill it, especially as there is reason for believing that the Municipal Council is disposed to favour Aderman Button's proposal for making a collection of the indigenous animals of Tasmania in the People's Park. The expense would be but trifling, whilst the creatures them selves would be a never-failing source of interest and instruction to visitors. Mr Newton, of Cressy, also wrote on Satur day offering a living platypus for the Park. A TIMELy GrIF.-The Treasurer of the Benevolent Society has received from " An anonymous Friend " a cheque for £5, which Mr Babington desires to acknowledge with thanks. The donation is a most opportune one, as the Board contemplate distributing Christmas extras, and no doubt others will follow the example that has been set. CIRISTMAS CIIARITIES.- e hear that a concert is about to be given to provide funds to make the coming Christmas to the poor and suffering as pleasant a one as possible. The promoters undertake to hand over the gross receipts to the charities, to be divided equally between the Hospital, the Benevolent Society, and the inmates of the Invalid Depot. It will be remembered that an afternoon concert last year for the same object realised a large sum of money, and no doubt a greater success will attend the present proposal, The president of the Meohanicsai Institute has already given the use of the hall, organ, and piano free of charge. Mr A. W. Birchall has con sented to act as treasurer, and the active co-operation of the ladies of the city has been invited. The musical arrangements are in the hands of Messrs. Ferguson and Newbury. New LANDINo W~VATEm's OFFICE. From an advertisement in another column it will be seen that tenders are invited for the erection of the new landing waiter's oflice, together ayithl the necessary sheds, fences, etc. The tenders will be received up to the 29th inst. • THF. BERRY MINISTRY.-The reign of the Berry Government is evidently draw- by ing to a close, as its supporters are toe gradually seceding. On the night of the no 9th inst. Mr L. L. Smith, a late sup- cei porter of the .Government, gave notice Al that on Tuesday he will move " that the mi actions of the Government are not satis- £2 factory, and Ministers do not command Co the confidence of this House." The an leading Melbourne journal in commenting wa upon the fact.says :-"The crisis, such as H it is, has not leen provoked by them. It tra occurs at a most inconvenient time, and H under singularly unfavourable auspices, ta but the constitutional party is responsible wS for none of these things. It cannot help gi the disintegration of the majority and the as weakness of the Government." It will hc be noticed by our intercolonial telegrams qu that considerable uncertainty exists as to th the action of the Opposition, and nothing se definite will be known until Tuesday, Ai when the Age anticipates a close division. fo NO-RTHERN AoRICULTURAL SOCIETY.- La The president of this Sociecy has called a sn special meeting to be held at Longford 21 on Saturday next, to consider a matter of di importance to the Society. H VOLUNTEER PARADE.--The Artillery fa and Rifles are ordered to parade at the L Launceston and Western Railway station M on Friday evening, for the purpose of pro- al ceeding to St. Leonards at the invitation Le of Mr W. T. Bell. le MIscELLANEA.-Councillor Basil Archer returns thanks] to the electors of Long- Ti ford for again returning him.-Tenders hi for booths at the Carrick Races will be H received to-day.-A meeting of those in= terested in making arrangements for a Q race meeting at Beaconsfield will be held t at the Royal Exchange Hotel to-night.- hi The Native Youth Minstrels will give an 1, entertainment at St. Joseph's Hall to- of night, when a varied programme will be cc presented. ev REaoIVED.-Tho Australasiat Banking b and Insurance Record for December. The P Illustrated A.ew Zealand Herald, contain- pi ing a double page view of the main ball n and other smaller sketches of the Mel- si bourne Exhibition, together with portraits s of its president, secretary, treasurer, t architect, and builder. The paper is well s got up, and contains interesting reading b matter. Talch's Literary Intelligencer fi devotes a large portion of its space to a description of Mrs Meredith's new works on Tasmania; it also containd notices with reference to the well-known " Red Book" issued by the firm, and a list of goods in stock suitable for Christmas and New Year's gifts. From Mr H. H. Hayter we have received parts seven and eight of the " Statistical Register" of Victoria for 1879, and also the "Statistics of the n Friendly Societies" for the same year. ARTHUR RIVER.-Our Circular Head n correspondent informs us that the ferry man stationed at the Arthur has arrived at Stanley (leaving a man in charge). He. has come up to arrange for a supply of stores, which are to be carted from the Montagu by Mr Buckley. He states that a driver with fat cattle arrived safely at the Pieman, and that he is on his way back for another supply, having gone on board the Pauline at Whale's Head. The t vessel was loaded with pine from the c wreck of the Eva, and ready to sail for Circular Head. THE GnosT.-The latest intelligence with regard to '' the ghost" (says " Lynx" in the Tasmanian Mail) has made things look very black indeed for some people. The apprehension of the man Nevin has not, unfortunately, afforded any clue to the personality of the [invisible spirit. Rumours are, however, in circulation which, if true, reflect in a very serious manner upon a certain Government official, and even a former Municipal magnate. I can hardly imagine it possible that those individuals would so far forget themselves and the positions they occupy as to have any complicity in the ghost scare. It is a strange thing that nothing further has been heard or seen of the spectre since the apprehension of the fellow Nevin, who, by the way, ought to have been " cart tailed" round the town, if only for conceal ing what he does know. Other circum stances connected with Nevin's appre hension can hardly be passed over by the Government and the Superintendent of Police. There are more evils, evidently, to get rid of than the scab in sheep. SoUTHrsw RIFLE ASSOCIATION. - A meeting of the members was held at the Mayor's room, Hobart Town, on Friday, for the presentation of prizes won by competitors at the Association matches for 1880. There were about 30 members present, including Colonel Angelo, Vice Patron ; Major the Hon. P. O. Fysh, the President, who occupied the chair; Major Crowther ; Major the Houn. David Leowis; His Worship the Mayor (Mr Burgess); and the Secretary, Mr H. ]M. SHull. The Secretary stated that the committee had waited upon Colonel Angelo, the Colonel-Commandant of the Volunteer Forces, who had been kind enough to acept the posi I tion of |Vice-Patron of the society r(cheers.) Captain Hussey, the private secretary to His Excellency Sir Henry Lefroy, had also been elected to and ac e cepted the position of an honorary mem ber of the society. The President ad dressed those present at some length, and in the course of his remarks intimnated his intention to present a cup for com petition. He then presented the prizes as follows :-First Class-First prize, and a silver medal, Mr John MoDonald I the other prizetakers being Private Bow n den, R. R; Sergeant A. Kirk, jun., Pri vate Ikin, Private Humphries, R.R.; SMr Hampton; Lieutesant Roblin, V.A.; d Private Self, R.R.; Sergeant Richard son, R.R.; Sergeant Plunkett, V.A. g Second Class-First prize, Mr Ikin, sen.; r third prize, Mr Rogers. THE MELBOURNE CATHDBRA.-- ReO e specting the progress of St. Paul's Cathedral, the Chiurch of England Mes .e senger states :-" The foundations of that portion which is first to be built-viz., >r the choir, transepts, central tower, and Spart of nsave-are now almost completed. SThe wall and piers are all above ground, 'd and a good idea can now be obtained of Sthe general plan of the building by a visit tothe works. The moulded bases of the four large tower piers are nearly finished. t They are constructed of massive blocks of ribbed Malmsbury bluestone, and are o splendid specimens of solid construction, se combined with excellence of finish. The e board have requested Mr Butterfield to forward them the working drawings for the next contract. These drawings will most likely represent the tower, piers, and t' arches, and the greater pavt of the adja Scent superstructure, and will serve to give at a much better idea of the merits of the o design than the sketches hitherto re e eeived." he AN UNUsoUAL CIRCUMSTANCE.-It is not m often we hear of bankrupt estates paying se 20s in the pound, but such has been the n- case with the estate of H. J. Mitchell and ye Co. The trustees announce elsewhere .as that the final dividend of 10s in the pound Its is payable on and after Wednesday next. md GARDEN DEPREDATIONS.-Several com plaints have reached us regarding the Snumber of petty larcenies committed in an gardens at the West Tamar. We under ~or stand that the police have been com r's municated with, and measures taken for is, the .purpose of detecting the offenders. ed Town gardens also are not free from depredations of this character, LAYCOCK V. HOsaER.-We announced by cable the result of the match which took place on the 2nd November, and we now give the following particulars re ceived by the Suez mail, which arrived at Albury on Thursday last. The sculling match between Laycock and Hosmer, for E £200 a side, on the Thames Champion i Course on the 2nd November, resulted in 1 an easy victory for Laycock. Hosmer was born in Boston, and is 21 years old. His rowing weight was Oat 8lb. He was trained by Higgins and J. Green. Hosmer, winning the toss, elected to take the Middlesex station. The tide was running up slowly. Mr Ireland giving the signal, Hosmer was the first away, and was clear at the London Boat house, both rowing 40 strokes. Subse quently he gained half a length ahead at the Mill Reach, the time being 5 min. 7.x see. Laycock was level at the Crabtree. At the Soap Works both spurted, and a foul was avoided, both giving way. Laycock was slightly leading at Hammer smith-bridge, which was reached in 9min. 21 see. Hosmer, spurting vigorously, drew lip half a lenigth. This was Hosmer's last despairing effort, but failed, and all his vigour was exhausted. Laycock rowed on leisurely, reaching Mortlake in 26min. 8asecs., three lengths ahead. The opinion of experts was that Laycock could have won by twenty lengths. DERWENT AND TAMAR AssURANce. The annual general meeting of share holders in this company will be held at Hobart Town at noon to-day. QUARTER SEsSIONs.-The Court of Quarter Sessions stands adjourned till this morning. IVEEKLY SHARs SALE.-Mr T. C. Just holdd his weekly sale of mining stocks at the Exchange Mart to-morrow. Gentlemen having shares to offer in addition to the list in our advertising columns will please forward particulars this evening.--[Advt.] FALSE ITPREISSION.-It is generally supposed by physicians and the people generally that dys pepsia cannot invariably be cured, but we are pleased to say that Green's August Flower has never, to our knowledge, failed to cure dyspep. sia and liver complaint in all its forms, such as sour stomach, costiveness, sick headache, pal pitation of the heart, indigestion, bad taste in the mouth, &c.; Out of the 50,000dozen bottles sold last year, not a single failure was reported, but thousands of complimentary letters received from druggists of wonderful cures. Three doses will relieve any case. Try it. Sample bottles 6d, regular size 3s 6d. For sale by L. FAIn THORNE & SON, chemists, Launceston, sole agents for Tasmania.-Advt. 