^mrtpx*- .. .:..'. . *y % '.'. -?' ? ? ' WOBLD OF DBBAH& 5Tae ^«H-* i (Jig ^nWjrr *tfgrM i*f ji|Mi^ Hut tie, wfco rises ip ti piWre, , iae down Bgain to weep? - Ohlf^r the long and -qnietor© ? WfafelililJsrgschelieaTv oleen,) -, , Thatlay«-rt.ei«siata»4adii«B^eaA At ieq^fa, «yMW * dreamless b«d J V. -????: . ,.,, .... ,,. „., „ ;,. 7 And yet In ysnUit liow beantifnl Was Uiat enchanted Jand 1 What maickleas flowers I ased to coll WitJiiniUlt- jniitediBtfand! ??- '? What Kor^eons*'«Hitina spreail tbo'wing ' AmM Its twiliglit shades ; And oil ! what sliapea went, beckoning, Aloiijr its moon- lit glades 1 ^h« dewy bbo ?/era and silver , gleams That «weeten'd,aU «he land of dr«anisl Alas, f lie World of rest ! it takes Too roncli'lU« day -wotliTe part,— * ' Alike— to biro who sleeps or wakes — The shows it brings -the heart ;? Still, as%ue waking eye grows Jim, The dreaming gathers 'glooto, — - But ileep lias uot a ghost Cor Uim Wboae world has not a tomb ; The sliadows of life's outer sky Make darkness for the dreamer's eye ! The land of'dreatag] to* sad it is. Upon that silent shore, To meet tbe eye .whose glance, in this, Shall meet inenerer more J ? - ? - ; AUt why nitltt tnldtright'sgrief drfea* ? BepUce the dajr'e despair; Of tfeeywbo %r«Bt,t« grieTS tnehers^ , Come bask, to grisra 8»e there ; Ht voioes filled mine eyes with tears Whose siietioe has been wept for years? ??- '. v, ?'' .' -'? ?'?? And bo, I toncb the dreaming land Upon its wildest «hpre,- ?? . ? A dreiry sea and dreary strand, — ' The spirit's' Labrador: ? - ?. i Ob 1 never more its flowery heights Stand out to meet tains eyes j .. ? i And; most of all, youth's guiding lights. Have fallen from -Ufa's ?ekiee; . . . And Hope, that was tny pilot then, Will never sail with me again I Bennett's gif| to Ireland (says the 'San Francisco 'News Letter' of February 7) has proved*. booanza-,to tbe newspapers of America as -well as to tlie suffering Irish. There is not a journalistic fledgling w/liofioes not now ?l^arpen his.peuci). grit his teeth', and ?it down with freuzy-rolUug eyes, to tell how eelfisb.Johi) Bull sits with but hands; in his. we])-fiJled , pockets, while . A.mericaL.comeato the. relief of the starving Iiish. The fact that tbe English have not xemained inactive, but, on the contrary, have - done and aje doing eyerythib^ in their power to relieve the distress . of brethren, it is not to'durparpoBe to speak of. There are three pointB which we wish to call attention to, aud ta people of ordinary sense they will go far to explain John Bull's position -. First — the reports of the AetooMj. Sa' Ireland.: fcafre been grossly exaggerated, eensantioual telegrams, published by American papers to the contrary notwithstaud ing^' Second— -the English under stand the people who are now catling ~for aid far better than Americans do, and Jkoow far better how that aid . can be given -to the best advantage of those who need- it. Third— The Eng lish have no .political purpose .to serve iu ostentatiously giving relief. In ♦bis country it is politic and often absolutely necessary for newspapers and public men to stroke, tbe backs of the Iridb, but in England this is not the oaBe. If England gives, it is from a sense of duty aud humanity. If America gives, it is because New Ire land may be 'thereby more easily led . by the ? nose. No man possessed of any knowledge of the past can accuse England of being ungenerous. There is' no oonntry— the United States in cluded — that has not called; upon her 'in Ibe hour of need, aud no such appeal has ever gode unheeded. It is notorious that England bas~ always been regarded as the great' alms-giver of tbe world, and it is as nujust as it is palpably . absurd . to suppose or esBert that she, who is so open-banded . to strangers, would deuy ample *harity to her own. people. Tomato Saoce. — Tomato sauce is tnade tuns -. — Cut half a peek of ripe tomatoes into quarters, lay them on dishes, end spriukle over them half ? a pound of ealt. The next day, drain tlie juice from them tli rough a Lair ».? taieve . into a etuwpan, and boil lor bah' an hour, wit I) three dozen of small enpsicoms anil hulf a pound ot shallots-; then ndd the tomatoes, which should be ready pulped tdron^h a strainer. Boil the whole for thirty minutes longer; have some cloau wide- necked bottles kept warm by the ' fire ; fill them with the ketchup while it is quite hot; cork, and dtp tlio necks into melted bottJe-resin 'or cement. ! To PrcEtE Okioss:— Select the Email round sort ; peel them, aud steep them iu strong salt and water for four days, cuaugiu^ the water two or three times j wipe tbein perfectly dry, put them into milk -which, is scaldiug hot, nnd let them lie until the milk becomes cold ; then drain them and dry each separately in a clolli ; after tthich put them into jars ; ponr over them as much white ?wiue vinegar which bas been boi&l; with as tnnch white pepper ae will cover them completely ; te them over fixst with wet bladder and then with leather, and keep tbe jars in a dry place ready for use. 