UNDER THE VERANDAH. The Geraldton Observer is shortly to make its appearance. According to the Herald Stephen is to be the proprietor — and, I sup pose, editor also. He is a good editor, too : scorns to use " scissors and paste," or to insert abusive or untruthful statements on the ipse dixit of Thomas Henry William Ebenezer Alexander John Jbnes, or anyone else. He is a thorough Liberal, an out and out Reformer, a leader of public opinion, full of originality, and a Stout supporter of Responsible Government; but he is sometimes troubled with a short memory . This is a somewhat serious failing in an otherwise unexceptionable character, and tends to lead to unpleasant complications. But I don't suppose he will forget to charge the subscribers to his new journal, or omit ; the perqiiisites to his office-sweeper. The Inquirer's Geraldton reporter, in the issue of the 26th ult. says, the " popular" idea here is that verv bad taste was shown in bringing against Stephen a charge of em bezzlement, which was dismissed. Cer tainly, it is bad taste in a man to seek legal redress when he thinks himself defrauded. The Christian rule should be adhered to — if a man wants your coat, give iiim your cloak also, and if S.M.S. threatened me to morrow with ka action unless I gave him my new boots, I'd give them to him, or at least one of them. I don't know yhat class of popular opinion the said reporter represents, but the prevailing " idea," at present, is that every forbearance has been shown to th£ immaculate ex-editor by the proprietors of your paper, and since bis dismissal, some four or five weeks ago, he has been living in free quarters at their ex pense. But some people haA7e no sense of gratitude at all. It was reported that an action at law was about to be commenced against your firm, Avith damages .laid at £1,000 ; but this incarnation of persecuted innocence is doav content with demanding a year's salary, Avith a trifle thrown in as house rent. Perhaps, in the event of an other charge or two (of forgetfulness, or otherwise) being laid agasnst him, he will' be glad to accept a cigar and a glass of gingerale in full settlement. He has great pluck too. - When undergoing two hours' suspense on Wednesday afternoon, whilst the jury were considering his case, 'the proud consciousness of rectitude upheld him, and he fearlessly awaited theTesult. On leaving the Court he was warmly con gratulated by " Jimmy Needles," the At torney General of the North 7 and other of his friends, and it was with a graceful flourish of his white hat, that he replied Avith fervent emotion, " Thanks, gentle men, that's how it's done." Mr. Palmer is here again. He doesn't look one bit disheartened by his struggles with the authorities but is as full of pluck as ever, and evidently determined not to allow tlie Government to have it all their own way. And the end is not yet, for whatever may be the t result of the re- measurement of the line, it is but too pro bable that the dispute Avill not thereby be terminated, but will be referred bome. History always repeats itself, and here after, tlie Geriildton and Northampton Rail way, like the French management in the fight with Prussia, will be referred to as a "series of blunders from beginning to end." The concert lately given at the Masonic Hall was not an unqualified success. There Avere only three in the back seats. The very sort of people most likely to be ele- vated and Tehned by tne divine art, aspx- pressed by high-class music, evidently re quire a good deal of coaxing to attend. Bnt portion of the programme would have amused them. They missed a treat in the last item. "Three Biiad Mice" would have fetched them. The entertainment was generally well- conducted, lfut I heard some complaints about the arrangement of the reserved chairs, some of the com pany being uhable to get their properly numbered seats. At the next concert it is to be hoped that details will be thorough ly attended to, and that a still larger au dience Avill reward the efforts of the Ama teurs. Mr. Laurence's lecture on Non-confor mity was not brilliantly attended. Eleven were present. The circus was too much for him, and however well known and ap preciated Mr'. Laurence's ability as a lec turer may be, it is hardly to be expected that any one possessed of discrimination, would exchange the delight of witnessing the " butterfly" scene, or the " grand spec- tawkle" of the Juvenile " ghost" for the pleasure of listening to the grandest tirade ever launched against Non-conformity. The circus was Avell attended on the first night ; I was there. It may be the "grand est circus out of Europe;" but it would take a lot to make me believe that it ever could be grand- anywhere. The two hor ses shewn were nice looking animals (young Figgins says that they are really white, and that it takes tivo hours a day to brown- wash them into piebald) and if they knew their work, would do A7ery Avell. But it's too bad to be charged four shil lings to look at a horse being lunged round a ring. You could see more fun, and far more skilful riding in Mr. Brown's stockyard at Newmarracarra. A word of praise is fairly due to the trapeze and ho- rizontal bar work, and the somersaulting, these were really good, and constituted the only attractive feature in the show. The playing of the band Avas none too good. Of course, unaccustomed as they are to the requirements of circus music, allowances are made for their deficiencies, and it must certainly be rather discompos ing, to be suddenly called upon to rend era piece of music possessing such difficulties of execution, and requiring such care in harmonising, as " Pop Goes the Weasel. ' The. clown's jokes evoked considerable laughter. They 'were new — to some of the babies ; but to me they had an ancient odour. I have a hazy recollection of hearing them some 40 or 50 years ago. Tom Pindar asked me, on the way to church last Sunday, " What's the diffe rence between the purchase of a peun orth ot snuff, and the London Circus ?" I gave it UP» when he gra\rely informed me toat " One was a little buy, and the other a big sell." That.man has been contaminating society in this way for the last twenty-years, and is alive still. But some morning there will be an inquest, and the body sat upon will not be ODITES. The Geraldton Railway : — By the Otway , on her last trip, arrived Mr. Mason, and Mr. Robt. Palmer, Avho are appointed by the arbitrators to remeasure the dispu ted earthworks on the Geraldton and North ampton Railway. Mr. James Palmer was also a passenger, «and we are glad to wel come him amongst us again. 