BREVITIES. (Compiledfrom our exchanges.) A meeting was held at Grenfell on Thursday Week to petition for daily mail communieution bftweon that place and Tewo a. It is averted tlmi that is the direct route for the western towns, with good roads ami bridges aires iy made. The snow about Kiand atrnw avc ages a ihicknees of three feet, and snow-shoes are the only practic- able mea»B of loo-motion. On Friday wei-k Mr. Sbeedy of Gundagai. having become alarmed at his hoi se bolting, attempted to leap from bis cart, but was struck by the vehicle and knocked down, his hand being lacerated, and his arm bruised. The horse and cart cstiie in contact with th.- post of the toll-gate, and Ihe latter suffered i-oi'sidrrably. _ 1 Some malicious scoundrel at Cowra last week horribly mutilated a favourite dog belonging to Mr. McCloskey of that town. Two youths of Cowra havo reported seeing ghosts on two or three occasions iviviiUy, but ii ia not certain that the said youths were not under the influe' ee ol " spirits" n those occasions. A young man named Henry Weill, a native of Germany, committed suicide on 'luesday in Me) bourne, through i.ofc receiving remittances from how frith wliich (0 psy to debts, A would-lie pact last wo>-k scut the e.iitor o£ the Forbes Times some ve.-scs in memory-of a. deceased 6ll0 0 l> slut, with u requestor their publication, ai.d ulso th.a the editor would set t.li™i to music. Hie requo.-i wus declined wuli tlianks. One Iiiy.it. ) list week soiue p.-vson cuttlia ' wliip I'lipe uf a shaft near IVbcs nearly in two. The trick U'lts fortuiiately ditiMVOi'ei! hy the oiviicr of the oltthil (A ec Duilev) before he Was lov.eivd down the shaft next .morning, otherwise his iife would bavo been sai'i'ifleedi A pr. sccution lias been instituted ah JJatliiirst. < paiii't tl'io lessee of i he Mourn Victoria .uilway refreshment rooms for sly grog selling. A quantity,, of grog was found under tho countcr of the lotreslimeni room. Tho ca-e tvus remanded. - Two boyB nuiiicd Kiulay ahJ Jackson went pig- hunting ai Kyamlia Creek, one day last week. . They neiv loiiitd ivitii ^longluliar s fastened oil sticks, and Kinky in tonkin;* a tin-list at a -wild pig accidentally stabbed Jackson in the thigh, necessitating his removal to llic hospital. lie is now recovering. One of the boots taken from Ned'Kelly ' at Glen- 'roivin is at present at Geelong, in the keeping of the police. It is supposr-d to have been worn by one of the policemen so cruelly murdered by the Kellys at the King Iliver. T <• second, spah of t-bo superstructure of th& ShualbiVC'i bridge was.swung on Wcdncsdny. This, makes 249 feet of . the superftructu e -now on piles. A serious accident hnppened fo a man named Fife at Eeeclipoit, Soutii Australia. While be was preparing to get a lighter leady t" go to Por Aiacdonnell, the gaff f. U upon hioi. He is in a precariou« conditition. The strongest pro 'f of the quality of the water in the Yaes jRirer is a decomposed shrep, which lies in the rirer just above nbere the water-carlera obtain tho town supply of water. A child f»ur years old, named Thomas Cottington died ai Goulburn on Tues ny from the effects of tolling in'o a tan-pit. Mr, Goodcltap, commissioner for railways and fome other neat omen left Sydney by the 7.30 mail train on Thursday week, and arrived in Melbourne at 10,45 p.m. on Friday—ihe quickest time the journey lias ever been performed in without employing epcci&l; trains, A man named Henry Hopmnn was warming dynamite at a fire at Hili End on Friday week, and, hearing it fiuE, attempted to draw It back) when it explo-ied, und cut nim about the liunde, arms, face, chest, and legs, Fouituen practical miners left Newcastle for Temu'M on Sunday night, aud more aio (o follow. An old and experienced miner has had his expenses paid by miners at Newcastle to visit Temora end report on llie fi Id, and if his report b.- favourable others will follow. A woman who was mar-ri d by (be registrar ut Gimdagui ab ut tiv.-lre months ago went to the polico inagistr tc of that p aej tile other day und asked him to umnnrry" lie - . That functionary was -taggercd at iln- request. A new gold field ha? been discovered on the estate of Mr. W. Gl.-isson, near ]3layii-y. The sinking is eight feet, with woshdirt ei.lit inches thick. The yield is u pennyweight to tho dish. Two seamen, named William Thomp-on and William O'Ponnell, were convicted of s ealing a neighbour's towel, woollen cloud, &e.;, under pr- tenee of helping to remove furniture at the fire on Thursday u glit week in l'ilt-si reet, Tbey were each sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment with hard labour. No fire that has ever o eurred in Sydney so clearly demonstrated the want of a recognised hea i for the fire brigades as that at the Victoria Theatre in Thursday night vreek. The frantic strngge that lakes place for individual distinction nearly always neutralise 5 tho well- meant efforts of the firemen. The Viliage of Logan ferry was handed over to the local divisional board bv the Queens and Government a couple of months ago. The receipts from tho ferry amount to 15s per week, and tho expenditure to £3 16s, The board find llicv have a white elephant, und advertise the ferry to let. Jolm iliompson, bookmaker, pugilist, and rower, goes homo to assist Triekeit, Many of tho residents of the Gulgong goldflield are leaving for the Temora rush. News has been received at Port Augusta (S.A0 that a nmn named Go.ldsworthy has been lost in tho bush in the far north since the 12tli instant. Search was made, but the party bad not returned up the 19th iustant. A skull nnd several human bones linvo been found by some labourers while excavating earth near a house in Franklin-sttcet. Adelaide. The bore- appear to havo been buried many years. Two bp thers of Sherritt, the informer, have since joined the "Victorion po'.icc forco. The nvi'riogff was announced, at Wilcannia, recemlr, of Mr. Edward liulw. r Lytton Dickens, a son of Charles Dieiens, the celebrated wriier, and Mies Desailly, daughter of Mr. Alfred Desailly, of Netiallio station. On the night uppointod for the pajment of prizes won in the Ladies' Tournament at Bathurst, EiiwaHs, the promoter of the match, d d not put in an appearance, much to the dismay of the prizetakers, Edwards lost £G0, independent of the prize money. Mr, John M'Elhone said just before tho prorogation that he did not wish to enter the Assembly sga.u. He will not be much loss if ho does not do SJ. An old nmn, 70 years of ape, was sent to gaol for three months the o> her day by a Sydney bench, because lie had no visible means of support, AUathurst voung man wrapped himself in a sheet the other night, and played at "ghost," A dog" took to him"—not to his heels, either. Anion named B Jones, a givomai tho Royal Hotel, Coonm, some time ago picked u>i a purse containing upwards of £1000 belonging to a hawker, aud when he found the owner returned tho money safe. The owner gave Jones a Imlf-sovereign ! The icrelatio' e in the Judge M-ymott inquiry aro said to be startling. The judge won't resign, tut is resigned. The c usbing of the Mountuin Maid, Copeland, on Tuesday evening, returned 101 6ob of gold for 238 tons of stone, anil about 30 tons more of the same stone ha« vet to go through the mill. This mine has yielded upwards of £22,000 during the past two years. Clorke in the Lands Office, .-fter a visit to the Temperance Hall, know llie difference between a bantam and a cochin china. Mr. Hoslina is of opinion that the inlorinntion is not valuable. Chocolate and coffee, in small cups, is supplied at certain caies in the city of Sydney. Six of these beverages, it is said, aro sufficient to render a man liable to a fine of ±5. A murderous assault was committed in Cootamundra on Tuesday. A man was knocked down with an ir n axle bar, and rec ived concussion of the brain. The blow may prove fatal, A nice 3oz nugg t was brought into Cootamnndra from Temora on Monday. A poor woman residing at Lochinvar, near West Msitland, went out with her daugh er to reek a situation, on Tuesday last, leaving her house apparently safe j when she returned she fonnd it in ashes, having been destroyed by fire, the origin of which is unknown. Greer, the actor in the Melbourne tragedy, was on Thursday, the date of the Evening Nevus last advice, stijl alive, but not expected to sur iv- many hours. Soudry wns improving and Mrs, Greer was better, but one side of her face was paralyted and likely to Tpmain 60. Mr, G. B, Dibbs was on Thursday temporarily released from confinement in the debtor's prison at Dnrlingburet, for Ihe purpose of enabiiDg him to be present »t the insolvency meeting in his estate. Mr, G. Milner Stephen has opposition. Professor Hume is going in on themiraculouBhealing business in Sydney. Mr. Service tendered his resignation, as Premier, to the Governor of Victoria on Wednesday, and Mr. Berry was sent for 10 form a Government, It is expected that Sir John O'Shannasy will have a place in tho new Cabinet, i A woman named Sarah Bennett was found dead on the beach at Glenelg, (S.A.), on Wednesday. A coroner's jury returned a verdict of-insanity. jTwo young women, nged respectively'eighteen and twenty-one "> care, daughters of -a "respectable farmer, at Box Forest, Victoria, fell' into a water hole on Monday night while taking a short cut across a paddock, on their wuy liome from a friend's' house, and were both drowned, A coroner's jury . A labourer named Bcay had his foot crushed between the buffer's of two railway coal (rucks ot | NewcastleobWednesday, .["•'•y " Johnson's wool- washing and scouring establishment at Waterloo, near Sydney, was almost totally destroyed by a fire,which,broke ontabout one o'clock on Wednesday morning. 'lhero was some delay before a fire-engine could.be got: to the scene of devastation, and when it got there the proprietor of the burning' building unfortunately lost his presence of mind, and foigot to inform tne firemen that the building \yas stored with wool to.the value of over £7000, and the. engi es left about 5 a.m. under the supposition that thorn was nothing burn ing then': beyond :the smouldering debris. The engines returned, and played on the burning mass until 5 p.m.- .The fire is supposed to have originated in tbe engine-mom. The total insurances on tho establishment amounted to £0000. The damage is euormous. 