CEISTTEtfAET OF SUNDAY I SCHOOLS. I A public meeting was held last evening in the Town Hall to celebrate the centenary of the establishment of Sunday schools by Robert j Raikes. His Worship the Mayor presided; and 4 the following gentlemen also occupied seats on the platform: Bishop Hale, the Revs. J. F. M'Swaine, E. Turner, J. Love, F. Smith, W. Moore, J. Downing, H. CoombB, E. Griffith, C. Ogg, R. J-ellors, Messrs. A. Rutledge, M.L.A., J. Macfarlane, M.L.A., R. A. Kings ford, M.L A., S. Grimes. M.L.A., S. Fraser, M.L.A., W. Jones, R. Bulcock, nnd J. F. Buekland. There was a good attendance, be tween 280 and 300 perBons being present. The Rev. J. F. M'Swainb opened the pro ceeding! with prayer, after which the hymn commencing ' Our God, our help in ages past,' was sung. The (JitAiitMAN said that it afforded him much pleasure in being in the ehair on that occasion, out had he known that he was expected to deliver an address he would have accepted the invitation with less satisfaction. He could not ' pride himself on being a good talker, but he was an excellent listener. Were bo gifted with eloquence, there was no theme upon which he ? could dilate with more interest and pleasure than that of Robert Paikes, the founder of Sunday schools. A great deal of our civilisation arose from the- fact that immediately English j people settled down in a country they established Sunday schools. The work of Robert Raikes reminded him of the parable of the grain of \' mustard seed, which, although the smallest of [ all seeds, grew to be a great tree. He was | happy to see so many present, and that the | head of the Church ot England Mas there ' t; miuguiiK^ wiwi [uiuitjiuro ui utuur utiuuminu tions. If that meeting did nothing else than bring all those olorgymea together, it had a' happy result. Mr. Ktitledqe proposed the first resolution, ' That this meeting (convened to celebrate the centenary of the establishment of Sunday schools, desires to render thanks to Almighty God for his fatherly care over the Church in all ages and in all lands ; and to hold in affec tionate remembrance the name of Robert Raikes, of the city of Gloucester, England, the founder of Sunday schools.' Ho said that throughout Christendom the various sections of Christians who did not as an invariable rule agree in thoir opinions had united to celebrate with hearty demonstrations of thankfulness and joy the centenary of Sunday schools. The test of time was the surest test of the utility and stability of any work, and the test of 100 yearB had produced the profound conviction that Robert Raikes was a divinely-chosen in Btrnmunt to show the Church how ita work could he more effectually extended, and consolidated. And when they contemplated the stupendous reoults that had flowed from that experiment in tho oity of Gloucester, 109 years ago, there was nothing left thom but to lake up tho language of the Pselmist, and ex claim, ' It is the Lord's doing, aud ^'marvel- lous in oureyos.' The argument of G.^ialiel of old was equully applicable to movements of the present day, ' If this bo of man it will come to nonsrht; but if it bo of God, ye cauuot over thro'w it, lost haply yo be found to fight against God.' The fa.ot that those present at that meeting were duing what was being done in all parts ot the world, was a proof that the work which Robert Kaikes inaugurated, was divinely appointed of God. The intention of the illus trious founder o£ Sunday Schools was that the wretohed ragged little urchips should be gathered togother on tho Lord's day, and receive I instruction in moral and spiritual things.. That work waa the embodiment df di vine pharity, and had now assumed gigantic proportions, and promised to go on extending until it enfolded mankind in its embruco. It had conquered all forms of opposition, and triumphed over tho prejudice with which it I had to contend. There wore to bo found in I Sunday achooli to-day millions, not morely of j gutter children, but of children belonging to | the respectable and educated classes of sooiety, j to whom thousands of men and women devoted | themeolveH with a Christ-like forgetfuluees of j self. No churoh wasnow doomed complete unleea 1 it had the useful adjunot of a Sunday school. I He found that this work of charity engaged [j the sympathies and personal services of some- | of the moet illustrious in letters and most re- f; nowned in statesmanship. Thoro wbb muoh | reason for gratitude at the thought of the- 1 countless numbers who had boon won to virtue - by ineanB of the Sabbath Hohool. It was of ' the first importance to lay hold of the young, 1 1 Was it not marvellous, that not until ono ; hundred yean ago did the Christian) J church awake to the importance oi i gaining 'the 'young and instructing 'them \- in the 'ptinoipieo 'of divine truth f ''Sunday BOhoolB-supplitd ft field for the exercise- of the igif is and talents'of cultured men and.~-men. Work developed 'tho intellectual faculties, as ?work Hsvoloped ? the physical qualities^ of a man, and it -was Mho essential to the»- main tenanoo of the spirituil life of- man. The snocess of Sunday schools t?os an Illustration of what might follow fronfthe dis interested Christian lnboiirn of a singlo indi ?vidual. There' wna plenty for all to do in the great 'field of Gbriatiun enterprise, and'thoBe ? present would most effectually celebrate the metaory of -the illustrious founder of ?unday tgdhools by emulating hiB spirit, and consecrat ing themsMveH afresh in tho sorvice of ChriBt. When' time SSaccd the bright inBOription, and 'touched1 the marblo and granite witht decay, the 'monument 'of Robert RaikeB would still '., -endure— 'His-works do follow him.'_ The motion was then pnt and carrieiunani mously. Mr. MACFARtANn seconded tho motion, and saidthatif tho'Ohurch had been an institution of man's devising ifc would have oeased to exist ages ago, but being an emanation from God 'it would 'never-' bo deBtroyed until it had accomplished His purposo. Thero had been re. peated attempts made to secularise the Sebbath, and afew:ditys ago tho leading journal in this1 -cdlony had defended Sunday trading. Chnoiums would therefore' require to bo watohful to pre serve the sanctity of the Sabbath. They -revered the names of great mon, whether they were theologians, or aoientiBts, or warriors, or 'Btatesmon.'-hut none was more rovered, except 'perhaps Lutherj than that of Robert Raikes. ?He- hoped all encroaohmenta in tho direction of \- -secularising the Sabbath would he resisted. Mr. lEiKQuroKD moved, — 'Seeing that the 'State provides- seoular education only forithe ?rising generavion in this colony, this moating considers' it to bS'tho privilege, as well ao.the duty, of the various Hectious of the Christian Church to gather togethor and fully provide ?for the religiouo instruction of the young under ?their oharge.' He said ho did not agree with the 'wording of the resolution. Ho would ask thorn to look. at'tho first part of tho resolution, :and wonld Jike-to know whether they were to .go to the State, for religious education. 'Did they not insist that tho Stuto should lot religion 'alone;? There- iBhould bo some higher induce ment than that set forth in the resolution tp lead them to engage in Sunday-aohool work. Again, there were'the words, ' the young under their charge.' 'Why Roburt Raikes wont out ?intoitbo gutteraoadgathercd children together ?foranntruetiori ! They would dowell to follow his example. He also objected to the pharce* ology wbioh. spoke tii the various ' sections ' of 'the'GhristianchnrcSijand would prefer to usethe comprehensive term Christian. Tho work of 'Sunday schools should bojunder the control and management of the Church of Christ. If oat young imen and^young women would bacd 'themselves together to bring larrikins into the Sunday school, ' tho7 would porform a good: — ork. :' Mr. (Tones seconded tho motion, and en-'; pressed his approval 'of the wording of the; '.resolution. He argued that they should take! things oa they .were,' not as they wished1! them -tobe, and' tho resolution indicated thiiij ?it was the duty and privilege of tho ohuroh tcj make ample provision for the religious educa-j -tion of the young under their charge. tf«j 'hoped (hat Messrs. Macfarlane and Kingsford: ?would, an the Legislative Assembly, oppose the! ^running of Sunday trains. ? Motion put and carried unanimously. ; Mr. 'Giukes 'proposed, — ' Recognising the I -j»rave responsibility thus cast upon tho church j m providing and - imparting religious instruc- i ? -tion to eo many, ? and consequently the neces sity of furnishing suitable accommodation iwhere the esoentials of the work such as leotnres, teachers' and soholars' examinations, ?toachers' training, classes, a reference and cir culating library, and committee meetings could be held, this .meeting is of opinion that the time-has now arrived when the Bris bane Sunday School' Union chould mako speoial efforts tO'provide such accommodation by erect ing u Raikes Centenary Memorial Hall.' He said 'he 'had been a Sunday school teacher in Queensland for ?twenty-four years, and bad _ found greatiplcos&re; and solid satisfaction in tho work. He entirely approved of the motion ?which ho had proposed, and thought they would all admit-that tho erection of a memorial hall would be a montifitting.way of perpetuat ing tbo memory of ^Robert' Jtaikes. Sir. Fbasbu seconded the resolution, and ho thought thero -wi-3 u pecnliarr-ifitness in the arrnngementa of thnt meeting being carried out by laymen, because Robert KeikoB was him self a layman. If greatness- were measured by results then Robert lluikei would rank very high among the world's great men. He be lieved that £3;000 would be sufficient to, erect a hall as propo^d, .and pointed, out that if every ono-of the -5,000 children assemblod in the Gardens on the Queen'-e Birthday contributed a penny per Sunday., forihreo years,' they would realise moro than would accomplish their ob ject. The motion was carried unanimously. The singing of the doxology and the pro nouncing of the benediction by Bishop Hale 'brought the proceedings to a close. A collec tion was made in aid «f the Kuikcs Centenary ^Memorial Hall Fund. ? ' ? . MR.-DAMPIER'S ' HA^tST.' Feehatb the be«t way af describing Mr. SDampier's ' Hamlet' in gonerul terms is'to say that lio altogether discards tho almost inevitable theatrical red-tape, and gooa.in a groove 6{ his own. His business to use the; phraseology of &e; stage, is almost entirely new — and those wbo have gone into the part tAMamlel from. the rear Bide of the footlights, know what a task that is; Mr. Dampier has evidently 8tudied-tie puriof the eccentric Dunn deeply, and ? to say ?that there are some readings of it by,hun ?with which wo disagree, is to pay iliim theoompli menCnf hiving closely watched bia performance To begin with : Mr. Dumpier 'looks tho.part thoroughly. That is a great deal to Btart with, and then as to his treatment of tho part. He treats BCnmlrt nn a madman, with lucid.intorvala, whioh our theatrical readers will admit in, quite an unaccustomed aepect. This standpoint 'allows, of tho actor indulging in a little 1 more vehemence than is allowable to actors mho take the view that Katnlot is only mad ' noith- north-wcBt,' in fact only sham ming mad- Allowing Samlet to be actually mad, a much greater scope ia allowed to the ?personator of tho part, as regards the rapid transition to what, for want of a. better expres sion, we tauy call, from hot to cold. This phase of the character is particularly notice able in the scene wherein he tells QpJielia to get her to a nunnery. 3Eo overwhelms' tho poor woman with his scorn, only to relent towards her imme diately afterwards, and in this, to our ideii, he entirely carries out the idea of the greut author. Space will not allow of our follow ing Mr. Dumpier through his part scene toy soeno. The closet Bueno with Smnld'iS mother introduced much that was new to the audience; but one of tho tinest effects pro .duced by the actor, was in tho ghost scene. The groat soliloquy nfforded Mr. Dampier another opportunity to introduce now effects. In this his elegant elocution was partiou lutly noticeable, au-£ the passages were listened to with bated breath. Mi*. Drtmpier docs not confine his |tleeire to rendsr Shakespeare in hia integrity to his own part, but his presence iii'f&t; in nil the charac ters, And eveu in thu scenery which ia arranged after a fasbioa of his., own — which shows that the' aotor does not HJeBire to embody tho whole performance in ? timeejf , li'jt hus u conscientious desire to. Bto itho work of u master ho evidently roveres jrererently iealt with. In concliirion, wo oan xionaoioutioucjy say that Sir. Bwnpier'u por ?formance is nu inspiration : ho follows no man'u footsteps, but takes a putli of hia own, and though thero laay be Eomo who mas' object to (follow him in thtt path, thoie cannot! hut agree that his performance is u most interesting nnd intelligent ono. Or. Dampier was creditably supported. Ophclit received fair justice at tho hands of JIis« Funny Rogers. Air. Howard vre havo ulready Been as tho Qravcitiggir, and it is suQicicnt to suy tlict ho was as unctuous and artistic last night Hi ho was when Mr, ' Ofeswiok wn« tho Hamlet. Tho audience woro : alternately (lemonstnitivo and quioc as mice, and thin, probably, will convoy a better idea of .-?Mr. Dampier's success than anything wo can ?write. To-night Mr. Dampier 'will appear. in a drama, 'All for Gold,' 