THE OPEBA. On Saturday night the Opera-house was oowded in all parts to witness the secondi ^presentation of II Bacbiere." It was one °| the moat enjoyable performancee ever given in that plaoe, and the audienoe ware emphatic in their expressions of approval. « was a perfect triomph for Madame Rose Eereee, whose vooaliaation of Rossini's bril Juatmnaie isof the hifcbaat order of merit. "i» carious to note how saddenJjr and un **P®ctedly this admirable association of! Coy, Ciampi-CellaJ, Barili, and Farley *as brought together, 6nd how completely ? Jtseenw to have been separated after the; "^performances just -past-for I hear no *wu: about^e reproduction of "ii Bar- s "lete,"notwithBtaadinstbe brilliant success, achieved in it, On Monday night Planqnette'a " Cloches ? ^ofneville " was played for the lust time «tMihwwe, tinder the title of " The Chimes; J Normandy." The reader will recollect J* »t ww first produced in Melbourne by i ®, Bt*ey-ThompBon > Company . at the «a«»y H)f Howe, The following is the , ca8t| wbieh include# some of the Pnal perfonafers, namely-Henri, Mr. ^umontj Otttucheux, Vernon; Gas pard, Mr. C. H. Templeton; the Bailie, Mr. George Leopold; Gobo, Mr. G. A. Johnson; ChriBtophe. Mas Begley; Germ&me;, Miss Helen Gordon; Gertrude, Susanne, Catherine and Marguerite, by MUsea Royal, Harris, Smith, and Mayon. The part of Serpolette vm. represented by Madame Hose Hersee. I presume that I need not enlarge upon a plot which must be already well known. Gtaspard, the miser, plays upon the superstitions of the villagers of Corneville, and himself repre Benting the ghost which haunts the old chateau, manages to keep that place sacred as the hiding-place for much ill-gotten gold. The old man's habits are discovered by the retnrn of the long-absent proprietor, Henri, who turns the tableB on the old man in the midst of his money-bags, while the chimes i ring out in sweet accompaniment to the song they ,sing. Gaspard is so coward of con science at this awful invasion of his guilty privacy that his reason is shattered, bud in his after-babblings he reveals the secret of Germaine's paternity. Germaine is united to Henri, and Serpolette is stripped of much borrowed plumage, in which she had com menced to strut with great comic exaggera tion of dignity. While the whole tone of the work is pretty and the humour cheerful, as that of a comic opera should be, the scene in which the miser iB Bnated in his own net is romantically picturesque and dramatically very forcible-a scene in which a Robson would have become a terror to see and an enduring impression for even the stoutest mind. In other parts of the world an ex perienced actor is always selected toiopreaent the part-qualification as a vocalist being looked upon as of secondary importance Mr. Templeton as a singer can do mote than is needed of him in this part, and as an actor he is energetic and intelligent. The great scene of "The Chimes of Normandy" is therefore very satisfactorily and effectively rendered with Mr. Templeton as the central figure, and with good Bupport from the other ladies and gentlemen whose names I have mentioned above. Madame Hersee under takes the r6le of Serpolette with a cheerful appreciation of the humour there is in it and Bhe singBthe light and tuneful music with all the ease and grace to be expected from such a consummate artist in vocalisa tion, but the part is not a grateful one for lady to undertake. The assumption of fine airs upon native rusticity of manner and rudeness of speech is easy enough to an in telligent actress, but there is an ungracious effect about it, after all, no matter how well done. Madame Hersee is to be admired for the completeness and good spirit of her im personation 'of Serpolette. Miss Helen Gordon as Germaine has a pretty little part to play, and one to which her powers are Well adapted. To be thoroughly effective she must really devote more attention stage deportment than she appears yet have done; but she has been well received throughout, and may be complimented on getting on fairly welL Mr. Beaumont plays and sings with ease and spirit His song, " With joy my heart has often bounded," is a very pretty bit to listen to, and especially so in the graceful re frain in 3-4 time-a measure, it is to be noticed, which this composer affects with considerable success. In the matter of cos tome Mr. Beaumont is a most interesting study. I have not had access to the authority for the costumier's admired performances in this case, bat they certainly do excite both wonder and admiration, and are well worth studying. Mr. Vemon plays the important part of Grenicheux sufficiently well as to carry on the business of the piece smoothly, and he sings in such a manner as to meet with hearty applause, his first song, " O'er billows rocking," being quite charming. Mr. George Leopold, with his strong turn for the humours of the Christmas pantomime, is on the beBt of terms with a friendly audience, by whom his return was welcomed with warmth. His representation of the part of the Bailie is well 'remembered for its low : comedy effects, which are brought out in this performance with the utmost possible breadth. The dressing of the chorus and the performance of the choral music are both effective, and deserve praise. The new Bcenery by Mr. Habbe presents n, whole series of charming pictures, which bear upon them the impress of a thorough artist-hand. There has been no change in the perform ance at the Opera-house during the week, and I have therefore but little to add to the foregoing account of " The Chimes of Nor mandy." It is difficult to account for the lengthy "runs" in Paris, in London, and in other places for such pieces as this and "Madame Favart," and others which have not yet been played here. I do not think it is to be explained on the assumption that the foreign talent employed in the interpre tation of the work in other places is vastly superior to our own, or that the audiences then have a keener insight into the humours of such works. But it would seem that our atidience is generally in a more serious frame of mind than to be amused with the kind of work prepared by M. Planquette and his collaboratextrs, which is largely infused with the puerile, and addressed to a hot very high condition of public intelligence, "We have the same prima donna devoting het best energies to the .rdle of Serpolettein " The Chimes of Normandy," as to Rosina in " II Barbiere," and by force of her great talent; she has carried off the honours in each case; j but the public attendance at the performance < of Roqsini'a masterly work was worthy of the city and the fame of the composer, while that ? at ' The Chimes of Normandy" must have, been disappointing to a manager whpspajed' no pains to give complete effect to the new? P Jtiw^thati " II Barbiere" will be played; nn Monday niehtuext, oooe mope oniy» on jaoauay w\ ANDANTE. The following notice w&a; posted on Wed nesdqr at the Exchange lfIt has been ar- ? ranged that from half-past 12 to 1 p.m. be thftftcogoiied chwrtpe hon£" ? ' > 