The 'Eo-vntiaTi TTnll fiaoo At the Central Police Conrt this morning, before MeesrB. Lester and Ferdrian. John Solomon, pro prietor of tho Egyptian HaU, iOB, George-street, was summoned, on the information of Ssb-Inepector Anderson, for a broaoh of the Public Entertain, menta' Aot (14 Viotoria, No. 23), by permitting unuuiug iu wo uurrieu on in tne nan, lor vrmen no lioense was held. Mr. T. M. Slattery appeared for tbo defence; Mr. Roberts prosecuUd. Sonior eergeant Lenthall deposed that he knew defen dant, who TrtLS the oooupler of tho premise! on Tuesday, August 30 last, on which evening ho visited the hall in company with eonotable Barker. Obtained admission to the building by paving Cd each for himself and constable Barker, Entered tB9 room, on the side walls of which there were ' peep-»how»' lit up tritii sub. Saw a suit of olothes hanging an the wall, and said to belonc to Ned Kelly. The electric boy w&b; standing is one corner of the room, and u Japanese devil was under a glass case in the middle of tho room. (Laughter.) At the MrUwr end of the room was a raised stage or plat form, fitted np with a £ prooeenicm and cur tains, whioh wore drawn to&etlwr; m reoulred. When the curtains were drawn aside ascene w«» diacoverol at the bank of the platform. A si&no;&nd; violin wero played in front of the platform on the o-.-ening rcforrod to. There were two intermfcsions, before and after which the curtains were drawn olose. Daring the performance the curtains were draws aside. Left the building at 10 o'clook *t the term!, option of the performance. Counted 130 people in the hall at one time, from whom tiokets were taken Oy a boy at tho door. These tickets were icoived on payment of Cd at a small pigeon-hole, where a parson officiated whom he afterwards found to be tho wifo of the defendant. Saw dancing on tho platform. Saw ft boy in oostnme dance a sailor's hornpipe to tho accompaniment of piano and violin. The next item waa a Xtntoh song and dance by two performers, oilo being ft man nu- the other a woman. After this a girl, in fancy cos tume, performed a slapping rope dance. Then Johnny Cowan sane three songs, namely, 'The Trap' (partly in polioe uniform), 'The Pie Shop,' and 'Billy Barlow' (in semi-military oostnme). After this third oong, whioh terminated part I. of the programme Oowan announced that Mr. Solomon was in Melbourne engaging fresh talent, and thanked thoaudienoe for thoir patronage. An intermission then took place. After the inter mission the performances were proceeded with on tne ptatlorm. A prl, in fanoy ooetume, executed a dance ; a Chinese bobs and dance by a boy in cos tn we, and a nigerer song and dance by a boy in oos tnme. Thin was followed by a nigger faroo, in whioh Cowan, Walter Cottier, and another took part. A figure wes dressed m» as a ghost. After this tho curtain was again' drawn. A skipping donee by a jrirl, a song by a lady, and a olog danoe *y u, boy f ol- Jowed. This concluded the performance. The audience left the room; tho lights were extra guiBhed. Saw defendant on the premises in question on September 3, and had a conversation with him in reforenoo to tho hall. Defendant »tk«d witneas to come upstairs to his private ipartmestB. Was in uniform at tho time. Asked defendant it he was thu occupier of the pranisss. He eaidthat ho waa. Tho rrtmlBoe, he said, had bean in his ooompauy for some tine past. In answer to further enntion, lie aBfeadantrsnia that the actors were engaged by lun. ABked defendant whether he had ever applied for a theatrical license for the hall, to whioh he answered that he had done so, bat did not get it, and had been put to great loss, having had to diBefaargs a nnmbor of persons, who had been engaged to perform. ob ioih nB \w«nBBB) Know, tne perionaances were carried on without the license of the Colonial Soor.'tory. Tho audionoe on several occasions applauded, as in theatres, and in some instances encores were responded to. Cross examined by Mi. Slittery: Tho plaoe was con ducted in a very orderly manner indeed. In wit wooa „ ujiimuu me penormanae* were entertaining, and wore not unfit for those prisont. Did not know if either, the Masonto or Temperaaco Eblls were licoueed. Them Were ft numbot «£ views of different places and cities in the hall. Mr. Slattary then addressed the Bench. He submitted that tbe osee did aot come under the 2nd motion of the Act 14th Viotoria, No. 23, as contended by the polios, [e alleged dffgnae not being speotfUd in the Act. ho bench considered the oaBe proved, and fined tho defendant £10 and 4s lOd ooata, to b« recovered by levy and distre«s. Mr. Slattory guye notice that he would oa Friday next apply for a prohibition. JBr. Roberts applied for liberal costs, which was opposed by Mr. Slattery. The bench allowed Mr. EoOerts SH 2b ooits. 