GOOJiNONG. (FROM OUR OWK COKRKSl'ON'llKNT.) Monday. 10th February. Iii lu3 speech here on Friday !ast, Mr. Casey stated that since the last time he was rouud tills electorate ^tliree years ago), landed pro perty hud become so much depreciated in value that land then worth £4 5s. per acre would not now realise more than 30s. per acre, and that notwithstanding all tiie improvements made it was fast reverting to its original value. That statement is not exaggerated. A farm in Mus kerry, fenced rouud, with 50 acres ready lor the plough, houses and other improvements, was offered for sale the other day and the highest; otter obtained was £2 Is. per acre. Mr. J. Oliver, on Friday last, offered for sale his farm of 1"J5 acres, 50 of which has been under crop, with dwelling-house, out-houses, and garden planted witli vines and fruit trees, dams and other im provements; the highest bid was £2 Ss., and it was therefore bought in at that figure. A few years ago £5 per acre could readily have been obtained for it. Mr. Casey said that were ho and his colleagues agaiu returned they would do all in their power to obviate such a state of tilings, to restore confidence, unlock capital, and prevent it flying the country. Ho also maintained there was not the ghost of a chance that the Berry Heform Bill would pass the Upper Chamber, whilst the sixth clause and the plebiscite would certainly be repudiated by the Home authorities. Mr. Longmore's absurd regulations have brought hundreds of poor selectors to the brink of ruin. An amusing incident occurred at Messrs. Fisher and Forshaw's meeting at Elmore the other day. A dog of enormous size was one of the audiencc. His canine majesty, as if ashamed of the stolid, unappreciativo manner of the listeners, began knocking ou the floor with the heel of his hind leg at a rapid rate. This was the signal for those in the room to applaud, which was done with the feet in the usual way, but when the feet ceased, the dog, nothing daunted, kept ou all the same, it was theu discovered, amid much laughter, that a dog, aud uot an elector, had called for plaudits for Mr. Fisher. The speaker himself was obliged to join in the general laugh. I need scarcely arid that a Ilea or other small gentry had got into his hairy jacket, and hence the effort to scratch the tickler out. I trust Mr. Fisher did not forget giving his canine friend a bone with something on it, for to liini he is indebted more than to the ratepayers for the applause he received on that occasion. A dog so fond of politics, that can hold up his head, open his month wide to show his ivories, and go at it rat-tat-tat on the floor with railway speed, would be invaluable in rousing an inert and apathetic audicuce. Mr. Fisher should take him round the electorate; the friendly and sagacious animal might gain a seat for him. In Mandurang there are now some seventeen brauch farmers' unions, the members of which respectively have pledged themselves not only to vote for, but to do all in their power, to secure the return to Parliament of those chosen by the group meeting lately held ill Sandhurst. Jsow, Mr. Forshaw is a member of the lilmore Union, aud a delegate to the group meeting. Ho has, therefore, by virtue of his office, aud by his own voluntary act, bound himself over to support Messrs. Casey, Moore, and AA il li.tins, the chosen of the farmers' unions. He cannot get out of the dilemma except by break'ng faith with those who appointed iiini, and ignoring the principles he pro fessed. Tlie sooner that gentleman throws up hia candidature and returns to his allegi atice the better for himself, because it is .is im possible for him ami Mr. Fisher to gut rotni tit-tl as it is fur "a cow to climb up a tree with its tail fnremo-it, or to sit on top ot a thistle ami sing like a mavis." Ami then £50 is no small mini to lose nowadays. That Mimiiit is sure to brt Inst, however; if tlic candidature is blindly :'.nd: fatuously pursued; I During, tl^p lafe thunderstorm a great tree, -• feet iii diameter; iii Mr. W. ,3'oad's paddock, was struck by lightning and ahiveri'd int.) a thousand pieces; it was a live tree, > having enormous boughs, which are bestrewed ail around. ;The electric liuid forcibly shattered the stem to within three feet of tho ground, and linearthed tho roots tin one side; one eol'd piece (i inchcs wide and 12 feet l.ing was projected an inimense distancci Ko greater jiistauco oould he given than in the destruction of that monarch of the woods—of the enormous and terrific power that dwells in a thunder cloud. Everyone, who saw the destruction could but stand ill'awo and inarVeli 'JL'ho. tllreshvjlg. ttf grain is finished iti this tiiitriofc; and I regret. to- Mtiite that the 1-eturna iiUitlahy iiis'tiuiieH are hot UjJ id expectations— Mais Fl'om 4 to G bags per acre, and wheat from 2 to 5 bags per acre. Iu some: 1CC5 there lo « goo"rl! deal of smut amongst wheat, which Uetracts from the very low price offered here. Iii mahy instances tlic farmer is its badly oil' this season as he has been during tile l:tst thi'ee, because lie lias heavy bills to meet tills year, fend'when they aro paid tho loVr priccn tittered fof cereals Will le;lve scarcely aiiy niargiu: I ftnV told'tliat httudrcds of Sell-ctors to thfe north, liil-the waj'to Koraii^i art' oil tlieir h'sfc legs, farms and selections are'being offered for sale iu alldirections. An outlet is required for the surplus, but what shipments can be made at £3 per ton. It is to be hoped a new eta may dawn with a ucw Government over tho farming com munity. . 