ITEMS OF NEWS. Tub perusal of the following letters may interest those of our townspooplo aud country neighbours, who use tho road from tho Farmers' Home Hotel to the Lake district. It will bo Been that if the Council will mako the road within the municipal boundary, the Government will undertake the work beyond that point: Norfolk Lorjgo, Druitt Town. J. Iuglis, Esq. Dear Sir,— I enclose letter I receivod in reference to Lake Albert road. Try and briug 6ome pressure to bear on the members of the Couucil to have their portion done, if possible. I cannot understand tho ob» jectiou, as the cost would be trilliug. Do tho best you eau.—I am, dear sir, yours &c.;, Thomas Hodsox. May 4, ISSO." "Department of Public Works, Roads under Trustees, Sydney, 27th April, 1880.—Sir,— Referring to personal representations made at this office by Mr, Tlios. I-Iodson, of Druitt Town, respecting tho stato of' road from Wagga Wagga into parish of Rowan and through Gregadoo, 1 liavo to inform you that repairs to tho road in question, us recommended by the local officer, will bo carried out when tho C'ouucil havo com pleted their portion of tho work.—I havo tho honor to be sir, yours, &c.;» John Uae, Under-Secretary. Joseph Leary, ISsq., M.P., Sydney." We are requested to draw tho altentiou of Bubsoribers that tho aunual meeting of tho Mechanics* Institution lakes placo this evening. Tins being IToly Thursday, or Asccnsion Day, services will be conducted ia St. John's Church this evening at 7.30 p.m., which is according to announcement elsewhere. Wk are informed that it is the intention of the Hail way Department to shortly discou j tinuo the running of the early passenger I train, which K; r.v i ""agga Wagga at 3 a.m. I Ax epidemic, supposed to ho scarlatina, though in a very mild form, has appeared among the residents at Ilumula, better kuown as the American Yards, the school having to be closed in consequence of the teacher (Miss Bluett) and half the scholars being laid up from the complaint, whatever it may bo. It presents the usual appearance of scarlet fovor, though in so mild a form that the residents thcro cannot believo it is more than an ordinary cold, becauso none have as yet died from the effects. But whatever the disease may be, it seems to I be highly mfectant, and the young children are but slightly affected ; those of more mature years, who have hitherto takeu it, have it, so to speak, "pretty hot." Fortu nately tho inhabitants in that locality oujoy the inestimable blessings of pure air and puro water. Were they cramped up in narrow alleys, with foul water aud fcctid smells arouud them, they might not have passed so easily through the present visita tion. Tub steamer Corrong arrived froin Naran dcra on Tuesday evening, with a small miscellaneous cargo and a few passengers. She was again reloaded yesterday morning at the wharf, after which sho proceeded up stream to tho locality of. the new bridge, where, haying picked up the barge loaded with railway matcrial.she again startedon her trip to Naraudera. We learn that the Corrogu was snagged for about au hour on Tuesday eveuing coming up stream from Narandora, but by great dexterity she was got off without damage. In view of tho early departure from tlio district of Mr. P. Jenkins, the Into proprietor of Buckingbong station, about twenty gentle-, men' m'ot at the Narandera Court Houso on Monday aflernoon (says tho Amu*) to con sider bv what means tlioy could but recogniso Mri Jenkins' 30 years connection witli the district.' After consideration, it was rosolvod to entertain Mr. Jenkins at a public banquet previous to his departuro, and to present him wiili an illuminated testimonial. To carry out tho objects of the meeting, Messrs. Bowes, Jonson, Sowyor, Campbell, Eagar, King, and dtoeckhardt-Wehr wore oloctcd as a com mittee, of which Mr. J. L. King was appointed honorary secretary, and requested to inquire what date would best suit Mr. Jenkins. Messrs. Bowes ond Stoeckhart-Wclir wore chosen to draw up and execute o testimonial in the luannor indicated by tho meeting. Tuesday, 1st proximo, has been fixed upon as the date of tho banquet. Tub man Smith, who a few clays ago shot a mau named Miles, at Xathong station, lias 1 been captured by the Jerilderio police after a chase of 75 miles. Tho injured man is now lying in Deuiliquiuhospital., SOMK strange characters (says the Mel bourne A r/e) occasionally mako their appear ance at tlio City Court. Uno af that class was brought before the Bench on Monday last. His name was John Oxford, .and .ho was G2 years of age.' Tho Bench were in formed by Mr. Hill, tho (court visitor, that between thirty and forty years ago tbe.de fendont gained notoriety by shooting at the Queen w hen on her way to llydo Park. Ho was the first man who had attempted to take the life of her Majesty, and as it was the opinion of tlio medical man at that time that ho was insane, Mb lifo wa3 spared, and ho was sent to Colney Uatch.; lie spout a number of yearB in that asylum, and was then liberated, nftor which ho camo to Aus tralia. In .Sandridgo ho was convicted of stealing a shirt, and was sent to gaol for ono week. On Saturday he was liborated, and Mr. Castieau, the, governor of the gaol, in formed tlio police that in consequence of tho old man's eccentric conduct in gaol, he .be lieved ho was mad, and ought to bo watched; It being tlio easiest mode of getting over tlio difficulty, Oxford was arrested oil tho cliargo of vagrancy. . When before the coiyt yester day lie said that what Mr. Hill liad stated concerning him was quite true. Tho bench remanded bim for medical examination. , A COBRESPOKDENX of theGeeloiig Advertiser is responsible for the following " ghost" Btory._" As I Imow you feel interested in such circumstances, I write, in ease you may not have heard it, to tell you ot a very re markable circumstance connected with the death at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon tunes'. The archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and though pcrfeotly sensible to the last, was itnablo to articulato a syllable, and was therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends addi tional valie to the circumstance which I havo to tell you. For some months the arohdeacoa had been assisted as lay-reader by a young man recently arrived from homo named Lisserman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yofc eudcarcd liitaself to tho, archdeacon and all who know him by his thoroughgoing earnestness aud goodness. After working for a few months ho foil a victim to prostrated energy, and1 died at tho ' parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon. Just before his death tho archdeacon, who, as I havo told, you, ex pressed all lio had to say in writing, ond was compos vicntitf to tho . last, wrote that going into his study one evening, after Lis serman's death, ho saw him standing at tlio study table, aud' involuntarily, exclaimed,'' 'Holloa! are you here?' 'Yes,',replied the apparition, ' and where I now am there will you soon be I' Mr. Innes was not a man of: fancies, or of impaired physique; and when lie saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facta aro woll kuowu and vouched for." . 1 ■ It is not always well to livo iu cities, if tho following, which wo • take from the Sydney Morning Herald, bo true :—Water drinkers must feul curious when they look' at tho insido of tho water-pipes which are being taken up in Pitt-street. After being iu use for about a scoro of years, they are covered to tho depth of several inches with n black slimy deposit, the odour of which is entirely dissimilar to that of ottar of roses; and it is not pleasant to think that the water that has beeu drunk has passed throngh such a horrible mess. In 1S70 Colonel Saukcy. in reporting upon a scheme of water supply for Melbourne, drow attention to tho Sydney Bupply, remarking that it was the first time ho had ever hoard of a success ful supply being obtained from a swamp, and these pipes form a pretty good proof of tlio correctness of his judgment in this matter. No one can doubt that the now scheme' now being carried out is not a moment too soon for tho health of the citizens. The danger of leaving matches within tho rcaoh of children of tender years was illus trated by a serious accident which occurred ou Saturday. A boy named Harold Walter Scope, aged eight years, who lives-with his parents in Smith- street, tfitzroy, was making a fire, says tho Argus, with somo Inciters iu tho back yard of the house, when he sot firo to his clothes, and was so severely burned about tho abdomen that ho had to bo re moved to tho Melbourne hospital. An extraordinary case of alleged rape came under the noticc of the Melbourne hospital surgeons on Sunday night, when a child aix years of age, named Martha Ann Caldwell, residing in Coventry-street, Einorald-hill, was brought to the institution for treatment;. She was (says the Argus) certainly suffering from some violence, and. according to her assertion, the boy who injured her was about J11 years of age. She was admitted for further examination, and other steps will probably be taken in the matter. There was a largo congregation at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, on Sunday, whon the Palti Company took part in the musical portion of the scrWce. The Victorian Government have given in structions for the prosecution of Aldermau Gatehouse, his son, aud Messrs. Butler and I Moodie for burning the trigonomotical survey position at Mount Macedon a short time ago. A. yatal accident occurred at Chiltern (Victoria) on Thursday afternoon, about 2 or .'1 o'clock, to a youug man named French, whilo working in his claim, between Golden Bar nud tho JJallarat lead. As he was engaged in a drive several tous of earth fell in on him, and aftor twenty minutes' anxious digging on tho part of his mate, Gallagher, ho was brought out, hut quite dead. It is supposed that his death was instautauoous. CossiDEKAvm surprise was ouused atTam* worLh on Mouday morning when iha Observer came out, announcing that the plucc had been sold off by auction under a builiff's writ, for £117. The proprietor announces that he will ba*o to close for a time, but there was to bo u meeting of his friends on Monday night to consider about starting again. s Robert Okford, .1 deaf and dumb gentlo man, made his apponrancc at tho Water I Police Court on Tuesday morning (says the 1 Mowing News), charged with drunkenness, 1 and Bcotnud unable to understand any signs I made to him. The ingenuity of one of tho constables in printing a placard, Sin. by 5in., with the inscription, " Drunk in Woolloo- 1 niooloo-strect," cannot be sufficiently praised. Tho prisoner's face at once beamed with intelligence, and he waved his hand in a pleasant, half-deprecatory manner, which was understood asp leading guilty. He was lined 5a. The finding of a small gold egg of a few ounces is considered a great raroty at the present time in Sandhurst, but when it is ro porLod that a nugget weighing over 25oz. baa been picked up, it can hardly be believed. However, euch is tho case, for 011 Tuesday (says the Independent^ whilst two boys were playing truant from tho Long Gully Slate school, a piece of gold in tho slmpo of a goose egg was found. Tho two youing truants, to keep out of sight, selected a cutting on the Danger Hill, California Gully, which divides 1 ho Hercules and ISncrgctio Company's lease from tho North Hercules claim.- After sit ting down and playing for somo tiuio, one of tho lads, named Kosowall, who resides with his parents at St . Just Point, observed some* thing bright sticking out of tho earth, and on close examination found it to be a lump of gold The boy returned home, and very properly received the usual thrashing from his mother for playing truant, after which he showed her the ovol nugget.and was forgiven. Tho nuggot is of pure gold, and was water worn on one side. When sold tho price rcalisod will bo about £100. Rosowall's father somo time ogo was by an accident in jured in tho neck, which necessitated bis' re tirement from work, and since tho iate slriko ho 1ms not been engaged. The lucky 'find will therefore be heartily welcomed, by tho parents of the boy who would not go to school. . . . . , / -Davis Mbiseutiialeu, • a stockman; was (reports tho Lyttleton Times) driving hiscowa to the barn a short, tioio'ago,-' when' he was struok.by: an aerolite and instantly killed. It appeared as if tho motoor had' come from a direction a little west of south, and fell from an angle of'about GO degrees, 'for it first passed through a, tall maple, ,cutting tho limbs us clean as if it had been a cannon ball, and then struck him apparently, on or undor>thV shoulder,' 'passing clean' through him obliquely, from below the right shouldet to above the'Hght.hip'/.ancl buried itself to about two feot in the soft! black ground. The poor man's head, and logs * wore injured, but the greater part of his body seemed to have been crushed into tho earth .beneath, the terrific aerolite, which'was about tho'eizo of a common bucket, and appareutly of a rough, , round shape. It appeared to'be formed of what.is.called iron pyrites. . " 0 Two little children wero:lost at Picola, a wild and comparatively unknown parish in the electorate of ' Moira; about the middle of last week. Tho children wero orphans/ in charge of a bullock-driver who camped in that vicinity. He was suffering acutely from rheumatism, and sent the little ones to round up his bullocks. After going a certain dis tance thoy tried to return home, but lost their way. Meeting an aboriginal thoy asked him if lie had seon tho bullocks. The black 'directed them to tho Murray frontages, and into tho almost inaccessible redgum forest. They went there, and wero soon lost. After being lost for two days and two nights tho children were found in a hollow tree, being . observed from the New South Wales sido of the Murroy by two boys, who rowed over in a dug-out and took tho children to a placo of safety. The youngest was very much or-" hausted, but they havo. nob,suffered .very much from their residence in the forest, although tho weathor was terriblo—raining incessantly and extremely cold. Over 100 .liorscmou and others were out in search in the ■forests) which wsro inundated with water up ,to tho horses' bellies.*" Tho forests are also filled with an undergrowth of, brushwood aud •dogwood of great density, arid 'are swarming with wild pigs. .7 i Young Fitzvenus has discovered tbat. if there roust be such a things as large families it is infinitely to be preferred that they should bo composed of a multitude of sons rather than of daughters ; ho plaintivoly adds (says a writer in tho Echo) : "Why, only fancy, I'm engaged; as you know, to Miss Gracio Blissful, and she has six sisters older itban horsolf, and as many younger, and besides this batch there's the old lady, their mamma, and four maiden aunts living in the samo house, and as thoy'ro ull awfully fond of me; you know, I toll you it's an item in the day's business kissing good-bye to them all around in the morning, and more than once I've lost my train through it, and been late at ofiice." Poor fellow ' Will any ono volunteer to help . him through witli this terrible affliction ? ; ' i Mb. Jacob Bright, M.P., speaking at Manchester, said that for years aud years tho land questiou had bceu discussod, aud, at any rate, tho extreme wing of the Liberal party bad sought in vaiu for groat, changes. What had been refused to argument would probably bo given through disaster. It seemed likely that, a large . proportion1 > of laudownors through Engluml would: become embarrassed through the competition,iu the food supply, and from this embaVraasmeiit. lie expected the nation would1 derive the' great advantage of having its land set freo. • Tub Boston Traveller? my* Jrfr'frho social lmbit of drinking at bars, where each member of a party having been ' trcattid' by another, considers ^ necessary to . treat! every other1 member, has at last attracted tho attention of' law-makers. Tho Iowa Legislature has.a ;bill before it to abolish thVcuVtom and make it' a punishable offonco.: and, although such a proposition can never become law, it is, significant /as- showing ■ public dislike' of a' custom which no drinking man wants to be .tho first to disregard. This habit of standing treat is tho cause of more physical and mental discomfort than any other convivial cuBtom combined. A respcctablo man who feels tho need of a glass of wino or spirits—and tliero are hundreds of thousands of such men, In: spite of all that the temperance people say to the coutrary—approaches a bar, and finds, perhaps, several acquaintances who are drinking, and who invite him to join them. Wlieu he has doue so, and drank all ho came for, his spirit of independence prompts him to return the invitation, which is accepted by the othors because it would seem dis courteous to refuse; then those who have been treated make haste to rottirn tho com piimeut for fear of seeming mean, and the ond is that four or five mon, each of whom Ccime for u single glass of liquor, retire with several times as much as they needod or wanted." The Adelaide Register says"Mr, J. B Hughes has received a letter from his brother stating that ho had received in Cheshire a 141 b. joint of the Sydney beef sent to London pre served by tho Boll-Colemun freezing process in the steamer Strathleven. Tho writor states that he and his family all thought tho beef very good, in fact it was just liko English beef, and, grilled as stoaks, was full of juice and not in any way 6poilcd by the voyage or freozing process. Although the bcof was sold in bulk at 5d. and Cd. per lb. to wholesalo butohers, it was quito oqual to tho beef for which ho had to pay lOd. per lb. to rotail butohers." Ax? incident wbioh did not oorno out at t!ic inquiry in connection with fclio wreck of the Lady Emma may porhaps be worthy of noto. On Sunday morning (says tho Bcho)t while searching about tho rocks at North Head for any traces o£ tho body of tbe uu« fortunate captain, who was drowned, ouo of the water police officers suddenly espied a cat and a small terrier dog pcrched on u ledge of rock high up tho almost porpendU cular cliffs. Both animals had evidently been washed from tho vessel high and dry: ou to tho cliffs by the heavy sea which otigulfed tho frail craft, and there they had kept oach othor company sinco Friday uight, when with no little difficulty one of tho men clambered up the cliffs and released "poor puss" and her companion. Tbe cat bounded ou to tho man's shoulder from tho ledge of the rock, and purred and fondled him as if in token of gratitude for her deliverer, while tho dog iustinetively wagged his toil with true cauiuo sagacity. The Priuco of Wales, as Grand Master of the Euglish Freemasons, has fixed ou Thurs day, tho 20th of May, for laying tho fouiida tion.stouo of the new cathedral at Truro, This, tho Freemason says, will bo the llrat ceremony of the kind ever porformcd by his Royal Higucss in England as Grand Master, and will be tho iirst ecclesiastical building ovor constructed under tho auspices of tho Grand Lodgo of England. His ltoyal High neaa will be accompanied by tho Princcss of Wales. ■ : ; Thk Batlaral Courier is responsible for the following:—" On Friday evening sevoral of tlio police woro 'had' very nicely at tho circus with an old trick. While the par formance was going on a man apparently very drunk staigered in afc the public en trance and entered the ring. The senior* constable immediately becksncd to ono of iiis subordinates, and tho man was scrufTed in the orthodox style cud takeu out. The police were probably about to start for the lock-up, when ono of the circus company camo up, hoped lie would be excuscd, bub that wns one of the performers, and bo was only shamming drunk. The police let the mail go very quickly, tried to laugh at the joke, and assured the ou-lookcrs that they knew all about it.11 In » receut lecture on gold, Professor Egleston, of the School of Miuesof Columbia College, remarked tlint it was formerly sup* posed that gold was to bo fouud only in or on tho Ozoic and Paleozoic formations. When, in California, Whituey discovered it iu the Jurassic, it was a revelation. It is now found in the deposits of all ages. The rock in which it lies is generally tuotamor pbic, and therefore it is tho surroundings that iudicate tho period. By gold wo mean a yellow substance, which contains a quantity of puro gold, mixed with other substances, of which -silver is almost always one. It is common to consider the quantity of gold in the world to bo large. But there is only seven thousand millions worth, which is about half puro gold and .half silver. The annual production is about ono hundred millions worth, and tho production has decreased 44 pur ccnt. during the past thirty years. The production of silver, however, ha9 increased 100 per cent., and now equals that of gold. Onc-lhird of the gold goes to wear and tear, ono-third into circulation, and one-third into tho arts and manufactures. All tho gold in tho world would mako a pilo only 25 feet wide, 45 feet long) 25 feet high. ' A CURIOUS story is going the rounds of the English newspapers of an exhibition in tho show windows of one of tho leading jewellers i of Vienna. The object of attraction (says tho I Scicntific Americaii) is a brooch magnificently | studded with gems, in tho middlo of whose j chasing is enclosed tho most singular of cen- j tres—four common, old, bent, and eorrodod pius. This brooch is the property of tho Countess Lavetskofy. The pins have a his tory, of course. Seven years ago Count Robert Lavetskofy, as the story runs, was • arrestod at Warsaw for an alleged insult to the Russian Government. Tho real author of tho insult," which consisted of some words spoken.afc a social gathering, was his wife. He accepicd'tbe accusation unci was sent to prison. In one of the limitless dungeons in which the Czar is said to be fond of confining his Polish •subjects, the unfortunate martyr for his : wife's loose tongue 6pent six yoars. Ho had .only one amusement. After he had been searched and thrown iuto a cell, lie had found in his coat four pins. These ho pulled out , and throw on the floor j thon in the darkness ho hunted for them. Having found thorn, perhaps after hours and oven .days, he aoattorod fchern again. And so tho game went on for sis weary years. V But for them," ho writes in his memoirs, "I would have gone mad. They provided mo with a purpose. So long as I had them to search for, I had somothing to do. Whon tho decree for my liberation as an exile wa9 brought to mo tho gaoler found me on my knees hunting for ono which had escaped mo for two days. They saved, my wife's husbund from lunacy. My wife, therefore, could nofc desire a prouder ornament." Tiie Hobarfc Town Mercury gives the fol lowing particulars of the five persona who \- were lost by tho foundering of the: ketch Rocket on tho 25th April:—The vessel was in command of Captain .Fahlborg, some yoars ago master of the schooner Lilian, which was wrecked ; bub he had left tho sea, and up till last year was occupied as reader ou tho Tribune. Ho lately obtained a similar appointment on tho Cornwall Ohvoniclc^ and had taken charge of the Rocket, intending in that way to get to Lauueeston, \vtar© he would leave herto take up his new position. He leaves a wife and three children iu Hobart Town. Mr. "Edward Hawkins, ono of the owners of the vessel, was acting as mate on tho Rocket. Ho wag one of the firm o£ Messrs. VV. and S. Hawkins, shipbuilders, and was tho manager of the shipyard until a few months. Ho was married not long since to Miss Fisher, and had one child. The loss of her husband has becu a very severe blow to Messrs. Haukius, who has not spoken siaco sho heard tho dreadful news. Tbo crew were tbreo iu number, their names being Charles Cox, Beujmniu Scultborp, and, John. Rodgers. Cox, who was about 25' years of age, was the youngest son of Mr. H. T. C. Cox, until lately a member of tho Mercury literary staff. Sculthorp had,been on tho Bucket during tho time she i bad beon trading to the East Coast; and actpd as mate before Mr. Hawkins joined the vessel.' ..-His family reside at Birch Bay, in D'Eotrecasteaux Channel, John Rodgers was the cook on the Rocket. Be leaves a wife and fcb/ee children in Hobart Town. .;.; : Some little little excitement was caused in Walgett (says tho local paper) by the intolli. g'euce that the wife of a . puhlicau, who resides iu the viciuity, had cleared out with awelUkuown specimen of the genus larrikin. It seems that tho female in question was ,,entrusted by her husband with, sundry cheques and notes to be deposited to1 his credit in tho Commercial Bank: hero, and for that purpose she drovu \\\\\ on Thursday last, 'in a spring cart,, meeting her admlrer on fche way, who accompanied her to town. Arrived; here * the happy pair (?) made sundry pur chases,-for which purpose they, changed (•several of ;the cheques, and tho same night moved on towards tho back.country. It was | not until Friday afternoon that tho husbaud I was apprised of these proceedings, but he .came in fchzV morning and p«t tho matter in the.hands of the police, with whom he is at present in pursuit of the delinquents, more anxious, wo expect, to recover tho remains of the cash than he is the hunjau portions of his belongiufis. The following circular has been addressed to all tbo Irish members of the British Par liament without distinction :—*' Dear Sir,— A memorial signed by all the Irish Roman Catholic bishops was addressed to the Government some weeks since, in advocacy of an available and comprehensive system of training under tho National Education Board. ,The O'Conor Don is now about to bring the matter-before Parliament, and it is the wish of their lordships that ho should receive all necessary co-operation for the successful carrying of so important a mea sure.—I am, dear sir, yours very truly, Henry Francis Neville, Rector Catholic Uni versity, secretary to the Episcopal Education Board." What queer fancies fashion has (exclaims an English paper) ! It has been the fashion for three or four years past to engrave tho word "Alizpah" upon lockets for presenta tion by young gentlemen to their sweet hearts. ttome of these inuoceuts have been asking the meaning of tho mystical word. And well they might. The answer usually given to the enquiry is that the word means, ,4Tlie Lord watch over thee when wo are ■ absent from one another." This is certainly a liberal amount of English translation for one Hebrew word. If you look it out iu a • Hobrow dictionary you will find its moaning ! given as simply a watchtowcr and nothing 1 more. If you look into tho Book of Goncsis ' you will find no very happy or aflfcctionato associations attaching to the uso of the word as a proper uamo, in the thirty-first chapter. After Lrban and Jacob bad cheated each other, and could trust each other no longer, they made a coveuaufc, in token of which Jacob sot up a heap of stones, which was callcd Mispah, becauso Laban said, " The Lord watch between mo and theo when we are abseut from quo another. The Lord judge botwixt us." Absence was not to make tho heart grow fonder, but more aus picious ; and the watehfulucsa of Heaven was invoked against some dishonest trickery which cach feared that tho^ other would be guilty of. A pretty sentiment, this, for young lovers in the nineteenth ooutury to express towards each other ! Mr. James Torrance, of Troy, N.Y., pro* poses tho following method of aboliahiug the danger uttending the proaent style of rail way crossings. Ho would use for such crossings a rail of special forui, rolled iu one piece of the usual length, with a groovo wide enough for the llango of tho ear wheel to run in j tho groove to bo wedge-shaped and widest at tho top, with plain sides, so as not to cutoh the feet of meu or animals. In this way ho would gob rid of tho usual trap be tween tho planuiug aud the rails. Such a grooved , rail could oasily be kept clear ol snow aud ice ; aud the extra cost of rolling would bo nnthiug, ho thinks, compared with its advantago iu doing away with tho riek tu life and limb attendiug the present stylo ot croaaiiigs. During Thursday night (says tho iVcw cattle Chronicle) a youuu woman confmco, named Emily Davis (of somowhat respectable oxterior), looked up for theft, attoinpted to commit suicide by hanging herself with a small piece of rope. Fortunately she was quickly detected by thegaolc, and prevented from carrying her purpose into effect. Mr, JilaKO moved in tho Houso of Commons to abolish tho freedom from arrest for debt enjoyed by Poors and mem bers of Parliament. Ho held that tho privilege was of no value, and that all men Bhould be equal before the law ; and will therefore bring in a bill abolishing the exemption of members from tho obli gation to servo on juries. That will bring about a speedy reform of tlio jury system. The general feeling of the House appeared lo bo that the privilege was an anachronism ; but Mr. Cross wished the decision suspended until the question had been considered by tho Committee on the Bankruptcy Bill, and tho motion was thereforo defeated, by 128 to 111. A painful sensation was caused iu Hast* ings, in England, recently by a statement that some of tho occupants of a boarding school in a fasliiotmblo suburb were shock* ingly treated. It appears .that tho beatth officer, acting upon the complaints of parties, proceeded to Mount Pleasant Terrace, and in a school kept there found two boarders ap parently suffering from starvation. Odo girl, aged 14, was in a fearful state, and w»9 re moved to Hastings Workhouse. She weighod bub 351b., and on beiug washed it was found necessary to remove all her toes, they being rotten. There were eight boarders, somo supposed to be illegitimate. The police are investigating the matter. A contuoveusy bus arisen at Albany, Now York, respecting a tattoed Greek sailor now being exhibited there by Mr. Barnmu. The ' advertisement says :—" Ho has upon his body 7,000,000 punctures and it was all done by a fomalo savage. Tito poor man lost n drop of blood and shed a tear for every puncture, and was the only one of 24 who survived tho operation. The woman who did the tattooing worked six hours a. day before tho task was completed." The accu» racy of this statement has been :jues« tioncd by nn eminent mathematician, who writes to tho Albany Express, giving tho result of Borne careful calculations made* by him on tho subject. 14 Tho woman," bo says, " must have given tho Greek three and a half punctures a second. Then, if he lost one drop of blood with every puncture, he lost, estimating the usual number of drops to a pine, and taking a piut for a pound. 5S33 lbs., or, to put it diEfereutly, just 8S9 gallons of blood, or a trifio over 20 barrels, during 90 days. Tears don't weigh so much as blood ; so, bunching the two together, the gentleman from Albania must have lost about 5£ tons of those fluids within three months." To this Barnum's agent rotorts " that if the Greek had not been a wonderful man he would not have been exhibited. Tiuc Prince of Wales (says Truth) knows how to do a kindly action. During tho Afghan debate iu the House of Lords ho noticed amongst tho spectators Lieutenant Goneral Sir Samuel Browne, who commanded the Khyber column during the operations in Afghanistan last year. Sending for him, tho Prince said, " We are going to havo a quiet dinner in, one of the private rooms here, and if you have nothing better to do the Priucess and myself will be delighted if you cau dine with us." Sam. Browne, a rugged soldier, was somewhat nonpulscd, for ho left one arm. on a battle-Held in the Indian mutiny, and occasionally feel a little awkward when cub off from bis own combination knife aud fork. However, hearty assistance was offered by tho Princess of Wales,. Princess Beatrice, and Priucess Frederica of Hanover, who was present. Mil O'Domnglii, tboBcugal Giviliau and Homo Rule candidate for .Galway, does not seem to be so" popular with the natives of Beugal as Mr. O'Donnell, tlie leader writer aud Home Rule member for Duugarvan. Tho Indian Mivrori styles Mr. O'Donnoll, tho Bengal Civilian aud Parliaoientary candidate, as an enemy of tho uativo races, and says ho uevor neglected to disparage the' educated native classes. For this rcasou (adds tho Mirror) wo wish him success at the poll, notwith standing tho disadvantages of a late arrival aud a strong opposition, which he is likely to face; for, if he succeeds, bo will in truth bo leaving his country for the country's good.; The general suspicion that the Nihilists have accomplices iu the police, and oven among tho higher functionaries of the Go* vornment departments, is thus expressed by tho Moscow Gazette " Who, then, aro' our enemies ? It is not euough to lay hands on tho perverse and brutalized perpetrators of such shameful outrages ; those, also, should be looked for who train and support theso instruments of crimo and give them the 'powor of an orgauised body. It is above all necessary that.tho authorities should sco to tho way in which their business i» done, and .watch theirpei'sonnel, their councillors, aud their executive. Who can say that among tlio agouts.of, tlio< lawful Government tbero aro no' agents of tho secret revolution? ileceut experience should give us a lesson, and throw sorao light on tho present situa* tien. Tlio powor of tho Polish revolutionary ^organisation of 1303 was not represented by the members and commanders of the Polish National Governmentj it was to be fouod iu the relations which existed between that Government aud tho admiuistralion and polico of the lawful Government. In the kiugdom of Poland nearly tho whole of the local administration and tho poiico partici pated in the conspiracy ; aud the Sicrakov* skis and many others proved that its leaders J wore even to bo found iu the central ad j ministration of tho ompire." Mr. R. L. Grayr of Jforbh Wagga, reports having trucked, on the 4tb insL, at Nirth Wagga, 369 fat sheep and 13 fat calves for Mr, Q-. P. Wilson, Pomingalarna, to Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devliu, Homcbuah. Two thousand sheep, belonging to Mr. M'Mieking, crossed the bridgo yesterday,, travelling to Porbes. The only slock which havo crossed tho common at Forbes during the wcok have boon 4000 sheep, Mr. Jobson, ownor, from Goul burn to Forbes market. Mr. B. S. ICinnear, of The Overflow, haa just sold 15,000 maiden owes to Messrs, Meredith, Monzies, and Co., of Milungera, Fliuders River, Queensland ; delivory to bo given off the shears. •'11 Mr. Elliott's 18,000 sheop passed through Parkea en routo for tho Darling on Wednesday • hist, and thov appear to bo thriving well, Mr. Kilpalriok, of Coradgery, who recently reducod Iiis Hooks by a salo of 10,000, baa' been in Parkes during tho past wcok pur* : ohasiug small lots through Mr, J. A. Hoso, commission agent, and on Tuesday morning started with 1000 mixod sheep for his station. Mr. Fcatheratonbaugh's 6000 wethers, en. routo from Young to Gooriannawaa, Castlo reagh, passed Parlces m good condition on - Thursday. In (ho case of M'Douald v. Tully, at Rockhampton, for re-assossinent of damagos, the jury estimated, tiio damages sustained by plaiutifF, by reason of tho grievances complained of (considering the runs as a going concorn with stock upon them), at £13,000, tho value of plaintiffs interest. Thoy also found plaintiff entitled to interest at tho rato of six per confc. on tho amount which may bo awarded by tho Court from the dale of tho first action to the present. Tho first consignment; of beef and mnttou from tho Orange Slaughtering Company, was delivered in Syduoy on Tuesday, and was sold at unction by Messrs. Wells and ! Smith Bros , at Darling Harbour Terminus. There were 30 bodies of beef and 200 carcases of mutton. Tho former averagod from a Id. to lid. uud the latter from lid. to l$d, per lb. all round. IIolloway's Ointment and Pilis.— Tumours, Glandular Swellings, and Bad: Breasts.—If any departure from health requires earlier attention than another to prevent disastrous consequences it is tho class of diseases now under review. To save hazard and future pain, the budding tumour must have prompt treatment, or discomfort and nights of disquietude will bo tho suiierer'a porti Whenever tho ailment iirst appears, after fomenting the spot with warm water, Holloway's Ointmont must bo energetically rubbed on the part till a con*: siderablo quantity is absorbed. The Pills too, must be commenced with oarly. I£ theso remedies be diligently potsovored with, tho simplest tumour or tho coutraotcd and stiff jomt is arrested. In cases of bad breasts, with or without milk fover, relief is almost instantaneous. 