BIr. Faircloush as Hamlot. \vo bavo seen, in past yearn, Mr. Maorcafly, Mr. Charles Eonu, and other diutiafnislied tragedians perform thu roiii of Hamlet, Prir.oocj Cemoarl:, and yet. eo far as iho comiiarisnns which memory is apt to draw, enable us to jadgu, wo have never bu&h; & buhUr rci»esL'nta.tion of the character than wan given by Mr. Fairclough, at tho Victoria Theatre, on Saturday night. The chBrnotor of Hamlet ic a study for bum actors and auoiouoKE, for Hamlet, In one respect or another, is a tjpo of eviryeiio who witnesses tho plav. lion may lack his briiri&nt; in tollectaol fifts, his wit, humour, powur of irony, and saT-er^ia, but there &ro; tew who do not revotcblo him ia his want of thai utrong ond determined will whieh raakos mun like tJlvsGOS. Btronc in wfll, To ttrivc, to ml-, to find, and wit to jl«13. Hamlet j::v. :ii!iny (»xc«nenfj queVitioi!, *it, humour, power of rrii'istiuir, cepnuitf » r-rr.d tho ohaneiers of others, oour»^o, and yet be was dull of purpoifi, and 'ull hia roeolutions wcro irfcklied o'orwith ths paid caet of tboa[?ht.' He was irresolute, bo muoh Bo, ia f nat, that it waa.only by a violent effort ho at kat carried out thomnin obif ct of his life, namely, tho death of the meestnons king, his father's mu durcr. Addodto this, ho, from his position, waa a reftaed and conrteons gentleman. This is the ctylo ot man which any drauiatio artiBt who at tempts to rjerform Hamlet has to . pou'tray under the very peculiar cireuii stances which Shakes pcaro lia.3 set torth in t,ho traeudy. Of course, the r*::dition of this oharacter affords a wide soope for mf-tion.andof aorinj. 6n the whole, we think Mr. Jfuirclongh's readiae Is tho bent wo have yet wit nessed, and ia tbe nourop.t tb the ideal which Shakes; pcaro evidently hod in hie mind's rye when he draw the obaraeter. Tako the scone with the g-bost as an illustration. We must remember that Hanlet io n. prince, uccngtocicd to tho air aud manneVa of conrta, and, thercfo'e, cannot be rmie ;.andnt the sam* tima blomh vritb craven fear, even in the pre Ecnco oi a ghost ; na.l he is c'^o racked v.ith doabt6, ariEinj out of tbo nuporslitions of hl« tires, as to whether the ghofft before Mm 1b really his fufnur's spirit. All thong coraptnent elementn of ohareefcsr are ctrikingly pcuttrnyedi by Hr. i'air clonffb, who dioplajs prffr, filial affectioH, and cenmso, eoabinoa with that profound awe wbioh ruch a viciUtlon wonld naturally produce. A^als, In th* celcljrated soliloquy ,' To be, or not to bo,' wliicH he prcuouE^CB Hittip.g in & ch&ir;,0ind witiali we ths, ttagtt, ! . ?-. rii)'B not rnit and rare, but preuounces of mind would bo likely to do. Mr. JalMloujh orhibits tho a&me; refiaud notcnption of Shakespmire'e ijral in all the cecses of tlie tragedy, and in tbo t:!o'.lTij scone ho dies appsrcitly us naturally an a living man can hhani death. He was well eupptrted hy tii« oonpxuy. Mr. Yityte made a. very lrir l'ola nius, Hits Mjra KembU won rauoh appkuse as Ojhclls., and the re«t of tao characters irao fairly suitamed. ' Hamlob ' Mill be repgatsd to-mVnl. 