OATLANDS. I ." . [From a Correspondent,] I Nature has clothed herself in her white mantle here sinco last evening, and on fence, and tree, and roof-top, you see every place "the beautiful snow." Were it not that the Bnow would injure our far- mers' prospects, I could almost wish that, instead of for a day, it remained on the ground for months. Had we a snow-covered ground on this day week for the TOWN AND CorjNTBV yOOTBAU, MATCH, what a novelty would it be for your citizens who como here, and who never experience what a pleasurable sensation 'tis to ran through tto snow, unless when they visit,tho slopes of Mount Welling- ton. Moreover, for the "rough- and-tumble game," it would be delightful to kiok in such soft material, where a fall would be hardly more hurting than one amongst feathers. Whatever about the snow, on which we oannot oount, I hopo we shall have fine weather, and that Mr. Grant, with his usual courtesy, will give a. oheap trip to our many friends at Jerusalem and Richmond, who are anxious to be present at the game. , the town wall. As was announced in your late telegrams, the "move" for the erection of this much-needed building is retarded. It seems that the tenders were some few hundreds over the funds available for its erection, and, consequently, the plans have beou remitted to the architect to havo their style and exponse reduced. More'« the pity, too, as to all who saw these plans, they conveyed but one I idea, namely, that the design was of exquisite taste, and, if carried in its entirety, would reflect the greatest crsdit on Mr. Lord, the architeot, and give us an institution that would be an ornament ta the colony. Various opinions are now afloat on the matter, some of whioh it may be nseful to ventilate. One is of those who say, if fresh tandera were nailed, and the plans left in Hobart Town and Launceston for a week or so, that fresh contractors might '' como ta the tote," or some of tluose who have tendered before might, on seoond thoughts (which are oftentimes best), reduce their tentjors considerably. Others bpine, that the Town Hall is just the spot for our honourable Council to hold their meetings ; and that the old plsoe could bo let for £40 a year, more or less, which would go to pay the interest on addi- tional money borrowed, until by b&ga;&rs;, concerts, and other "swindles," we oould make up the dif» foreuce between money on hands and lowest tender. Any difficulties between Imperial Government, to which the old Chamber belongs, could be easily got over by the help of qur representative in Parlia- ment. Some of our wisest men, and 'tis said that the arohiteot himself indines to same view, hold, that 'tis best to dispense with two attiring roqms up stairs. This will lessen the expense, no doubt, but will it not be very awkward for actors and actresses to have to go down stairs to dress or change dress ? If one attiring room eould he kept even, it would be better than nothing.. The last opinion I will oite is that of very few, and is not, I foar, rue likely to be carried out. 'Tis of thoso who thus speak- ' ' We have some vory wealthy landowners in tho district-surely,, aiootigct three pr four of them, thcro is suffioient public spirit to induce them tq donate five or six hundred pounds, tho paltry sum required to have the plans fully oarried out !" Yes, this would be an easy solution of our difficulties, and our " big men" would not miss their donation, whilst they would be doing a graceful and generous turn. Together with our thanks and our gratitude, we could honour thom for their geuerosity by having, at a future day, their busts or pictures plnccd in a conspicuous position in the Town Hall, and thus,years after their toes shall have been turned to tho roots of the daisies, would they bo remona bored and praised here as men of worth and spirit. THE KELLYS IN OATLANDS. Here, as well as throughout the other colonies, have the inhabitants been suffering from "Kelly mania," or "Kelly on the brain." Even in quiet Oatlands great has been the excitement caused by the late sensational news. I need not tell you that here, too, has much sympathy been expressed in favour of the bushrangers. Of course, no one holds with them in their mad and sanguinary career, or approves, in any way, of their crimes ; but many believe that at the beginning a sort of insanity drove them to "the wild justice of revenge," and that the police, by their persecution and prosecution of these unfortunate families (as Ned Kelly himself, in his letter, published at the onset of their lawless life, stated) made them reckless, if not mad. What- ever the truth or falsehood of this, seeing that they so long and so cleverly eluded justice — and that a respect for the gentler sex ever exhibited itself in their treatment of those who had fallen into their power in their various raids — many hoped that they might get off to other lands, and, taught by the bitter past, lead honest lives. A good few hold that the constables who attacked them at Glenrowan ought, instead of receiving a large pecuniary re- ward, to be tried for manslaughter. As Atticus, in the Leader, says, "What the public want to know is, why, when the weatherboard house was filled with helpless civilians, the constabulary should have fired volley after volley into the building ? Considering that there were 40 innocent men, women, and children to three outlaws, the chances were very much against the prisoners. Every bullet has its billet. . . We may be thankful as it is that the police only killed one man and one boy." But you will say, " What has all this to do with the Kellys in Oatlands ?" Well, I'm coming to that. On a night not very long ago, two of our young fellows decided to keep out Jack Frost by a game of leap-frog. On they went as nimble as young bucks, over each other's back ; but, unfortu- tunately, instead of the hoarse croaking emitted by real frogs in their gambols, they shouted and cheered in the fulness of their spirits. One of our energetic constables heard the noise — his mind was full of the Kellys ; and the first thought that pre- sented itself to him was that Ned Kelly must have been " spirited " over here to our quiet township ; or, that the ghosts of his brother Dan and Steve Hart (peace to their ashes !) had come amongst us. He shook and shivered like a man in the ague, but it was only for a moment, " Death or glory !" cried he — " a man can only die once, and 'tis honourable to ' kick the bucket ' for one's duty !" Having said this, or something else, he hastened to the scene of action, guided by the echo which just then repeated against the gaol wall — " Keep firm !" —" Lower your shoulders !"— " Stunning !" Report sayeth not, whether the guardian of the peace brought with him a pair of revolvers, and a syringe just filled from Lake Dulverton. Instead of the Kellys, to his delight, he found only two "leap- froggers ;" but these by their shouts having upset his nervous system, he summoned them as " dis- turbers of the peace." The Warden, who had often played leap-frog himself in his day (that was, before he began to assume aldermanic proportions, or had M.P. tacked on to his name), of course he dismissed the case, and gave the constable a cross look for making child's play a crime. It was, no doubt, a mistake on his part, but it must be attributed to " Kellymania," and will not occur again. He has been deservedly popular, and, I'm sure, this will soon be forgotten, as he is a worthy fellow. 