CHAPTER XVIII Tire Wheedling Power of Wives. Little Ron's Development, and Catastrophe. Ronald took quite three hours to accomplish his journey home on his half- starved horse. The road was in many places impracticable, and he had to make considerable detours over the ridges to avoid such flooded flats and creeks as could thus be escaped. Those he could not avoid his noble horse carried him over swimming. Ada was not surprised at his non appearance the night before, as she knew by the direction he look that he was going to the Haunted Hut ; but she became anxious as the second night approached and no appearance of him. Little Ron's importunate questions, When pappy tammin home, mamma ?" and " Dear pappy ramming home to night, mamma?" preyed so upon her spirits, that she at length gave way, and burst into tears but a moment before the well- known football sounded on the verandah. "Why! why! Ada I What are those tears for ?" Ronald said. I " Oh, Ronald !" she said, embracing him, " I thought something must have happened to you. But I will not detain you. Go and change, for you are wet through. You can tell me all your adventures afterwards. I put a dry change out for you last night, thinking it just possible that you might return. Every I thing is ready for you now." | He went to his room, and changed his wet things. His little son was delighted to see him again, and followed him in, while Ada went to the kitchen to hurry the dinner. As his father drew off his heavy boots, the child took possession of them, dragging them into a place by themselves. He named each article as it was cast off, after one or other of the working bullocks, and spoke to it as though he were the driver. The two leggings were dragged off and named, the little fellow shouting, Turn have, Nelson geo Boxer." The two boots next. "I warm your hide, Magpie T and up, Spot and so on till everything was placed in a heap. When Ronald was ready, he took the child into the parlour. Ada was waiting for him, and said, " Yes, I was terribly alarmed about you, Ronald. I thought something must have happened to you, as you were not home by sun- down." . "Is that all?" he said playfully; and in a more serious tone, "Well, you see nothing has happened to me, but I am sorry to say something very terrible occurred at the Haunted Hut, last night." " What-the ghost, Ronald?" she said, looking up doubtingly for though she did not actually believe in ghosts, who yet had what ladies will recognise as " n grudged feeling all up the back" when such things were talked about near bed time. "Do tell me now, Ronald. What was it ?" "Not ghosts, Ada-you know I do not believe in such things but poor Billy Cantwell was killed by lightning last night, and we buried him this afternoon. The same flash shivered a large gum tree, and the bursting of one of the roots turned up the earth, and with it the skeleton of a man in chains." " How strange I How horrible ! But are you not drawing on my credulity, Ronald ? I know you often do, you wicked fellow," She said archly ; but seeing no indication of anything like a wish to "sell" her, in his face, she paused for his reply. "I assure you, Ada, I never felt more serious in my life. The men told me that Billy Cant- well was very queer in his ways for some time past. He certainly was last night, and did not go to bed, but sat on a stool at my feet, as I lay stretched before the fire, till till late in the night. The wind blew the door open, and he went towards it, as I thought to shut it but he said something, and went out, and was killed soon after." " How dreadful ! Did you hear what he said Ronald did not intend to give the whole particulars, but he did not reckon on the wheedling power that young wives - and many old ones too possess and as he could not very well look an untruth, even if he told one in the way of a joke, he hesitated, for he had already unwittingly entered on ground that he saw was dangerous ; he replied " No-that is, not very distinctly." " You ought to tell me, Ronald. Do. I shall be be uneasy if you do not. I can see by your face that you did hear something." " The man was quite mad. I could see it in his face. You know the words of mad people never mean anything." "I shall be thinking all night about it if you do not tell me. Was it anything about you ?" " No ! Oh, it was nothing." " Yes it was. Ah do tell me Ronald. Did he mention any name at all ?" " Yes-of a man you never heard of." " Well, then, there can be no harm in your telling me." "Joe Stockwell. Now, how much wiser are you, Miss Inquisitive ?" ' ' Well, what did he say about Joo Stockwell ?" "Nothing." " Yes, he did. Now, Ronald, dear, you may as well tell me all. I shall not sleep a wink all night if you do not. It is not kind of you. You ought not to treat your little wife with so little confidence. I never keep anything from you," she said, half hurt, half coaxingly. " Well, if you must know, Ada," he said, "It's Joo Stock well beckoning to me. I must go!" " How horrid I Do you think he was the murderer, Ronald ?" she said, covering her eyes. "How can I tell?" " Of course you buried the skeleton. Did you road service over them both? I gave Pot a prayer-book and Bible, when I came up, for the use of himself and mates." "Yes, I read the burial service over both "I am so glad then the Pet has kept his promise. He said he would read the books regularly to his mates." Ronald did not undeceive her. He did not say how they hunted for the prayer- book, nor where it was found. While they were conversing, little Ron ant on his father's knee, looking from one to the other of the speakers in fear and wonder, with his great dark eyes wide open, for the comprehended a good deal of what was said. Then he gave some of his own impressions. "Mo frightened big wicked lightning turn last night. Mamma not let it hit little Ron." " Hush ! You must not speak so, you wicked boy," said Ada. Then she took him on to her own lap, saying, You pretty darling 1 What could harm you ? God loves and takes care of my little Roland my big one too," she added, with thankfulness and affection, kissing both. " Now then, bring paper into dinner Ron." Little Ron was very precocious and amusing. Being the first, he had had a great deal more attention lavished upon him than could possibly be extended to a second, or any subsequent one at all events in the bush, where servants were so hard to get, and when obtained had, and have still, to be taken " for better for worse." After the wedding, and before starting for the station, a facetious friend presented Ronald with a very useful article of furniture That is to say, very useful when such a thing is really required; but just then it was not required, so Ronald had it packed up and sent to his agent, who was a storekeeper in town, to be taken care of. He would doubtless have returned it to the donor, but the gift was anonymous, but he took the most sensible course under the circumstances, it turned out that, when there was a probability of the gift being required on the station, and Ronald wrote for it, the agent omitted to put it on the dray. For the information of those who have not guessed what the article was, and who still wish to know, it may be stated that it was a child's cot What was to be done for a substitute for that indispensable commodity ? Ronald and his wife ransacked their brains and the station to find one, and the old proverb-" Necessity is the mother of invention "-was once more vindicated. A large soap box was singled out as the destined distinguished receptacle for the first-born not only of the new house at Walton, but of the Boo- rooms station, for the shortly-expected one was to have the honour of being the first white child born on the station. The box was thoroughly washed and dried, and find rockers nailed on, of course ; but according to the author's experience, they are a vexatious addition to a child's crib, and are more often shocked than used. A little canopy was fitted at one, and, add hastily covered and curtained with the orthodox pink and lace, etc. The box was softly padded and gorgeously lined ; but Ron. could not sleep in it for ever, for the soft pampered little animal grew apace. It would have been marvellous indeed if he had not, for the nourishment he took was sufficient to keep a three- months-old calf, not only from starva- tion, but absolutely in sleek condition. Little Ron. grew, but the cut did not, and two pink little feet protruded over the end. ingenuity was again taxed, and was again triumphant. Of course, young mothers must be " supported " \- even in the absence of a "monthly nurse" so a cask or two of the regulation beverage for British maternity-BarclayandOo'sXXXbottled found its way to the station among other nourishing things on the drays. Ronald's in- ventive genius ross at the sight of one of those empty dry casks. He said nothing to his wife about it, for he determined to work out his idea, and surprise her with the brightness of the finished conception. He placed the cask on its bilge, and beginning about a foot from the chine, cut straight across the staves with a saw till about half were severed ; then turning the cask upon to the end nearest to which he had cut, he sawed the opposite head across the middle, on a level with the tops of the whole staves below the first-mentioned cut. All that had to be done then was to cut through the wooden hoops on either side, and the smaller section came off, leaving a very elegant cradle. Of course a few nails were required to keep the hoops and staves together and in defiance of past experience, the inevitable pair of rockets were fitted, completing the work. Ada was struck with wonder and admiration when introduced to the finished article, and gave the maker quite as much praise as he was entitled to. Her deft fingers, and good taste, soon accomplished the padding and covering. A friend who was invited to inspect it, pronounced it to be equal to anything of the kind ever turned out of a Regent-street shop. Thus, then, did the restless form of that embodiment of all small human perfections Ronald Brandon Walton, heir of the house of Walton-toss, chuckle, or sleep, as the humour took him, within the staves of a dry porter cask ! When he was put into the gorgeous crib for the first time, Ron had, what is known in bush parlance, as a " shine." The word, as meant hero, is not to be found in some of the best English dictionaries, but certainly ought to appear in all future editions, because it is so expressive. He was put in by his mother, carefully tucked in, well kissed, and the mosquito curtains arranged to perfection. Both father and mother sat down by the crib to see how the cherub would take it. They thought that as he must be infinitely more comfortable than in his late bed the soap box he would drop off " like a lamb." He, however, did not see it in the same light as they did. Children of his age sometimes do hold opposite opinions to papas and mamas, especially in matters somnolence and when they do-well, who wins 1 Ron was too comfortable, and the gay new surroundings took his fancy and excited him. He lay so quiet for some time that they thought he was asleep, and were about to leave him to his peaceful slumbers, but he had half his unhallowed eye upon them, and when they rose and put out the light, he quietly sat up and whispered beseechingly, "Dear poppy, do put the dark out !" By which he meant, light the candle again, and of course it was done. Then, with a chuckle, he exclaimed, "Flapupnoo bye bye, Ronny!" which, being interpreted, meant " Benny's new bed is slap up 1" " You wicked little angel ! I thought you were off for the night. Go to sleep," said his mother. " Bo peep, mamma," said he, clutching the mosquito curtain with both hands, and pressing his chubby face against it. Then he dived under everything, bedclothes, mattress and all, and came upon the other side, ' ' Ronny have good duck under dat time, like pappy," he exclaimed, blowing, and shaking his head, and pretending to wipe the water from his face and curls with his hands. " Go to sleep, you bad boy !" said his father very steady, but Ron knew he did not mean it. He laid down, however, and began to snore, but all his dimples showing with roguery. " I fleep now," he said then suddenly jump- ing up, he stood on his head and tips of his toes. From that position, he turned on to his back, and tried a variety of juggling and acrobatic tricks with 132 feet and hands, such as balancing his pillow and kicking it into the air. His father's threats and his mother's skill in somnipathy failed, but when such undue excitement at that hour of the evening has been indulged in by an imp of his easily reckoned years for such a length of time, a crisis must come. He was no exception to the rule. He attempted a somersault ; the curtain becoming involved was rent from the canopy, and Ron fell over the side and landed on the floor, enveloped in the not. Oh ! such a screech from mother and child, and such a laugh from the original Ronald ! The imp was unwound and examined critically, but no indications of broken bones or internal injuries were discovered, and he sobbed himself to sleep in his mother's lap. (To be continued.) 