THE RAIKES CENTENARY. In connection with the celebration in Gee long of this event a public meeting was held last night in the Mechanics' Institute. The building was well filled, and Mr W. Upton occupied the chair. The meeting waB opened by the singing of "What a friend we have in Jesus," by the choir and the audience, after which the Kev. J. G. Millard read the 4th chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians, and a portion of the 12th chapter of the Epistle to the Romans. The rev. gentleman then engaged in prayer, . after which "The Shadow ot the Rock" was sung. Tlic chairman apologised for the absence of Mr A. S. Park, who was to have occupied the chair, but was indisposed, and briefly introduced the Eight Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat. The Bishop expressed the pleasure he felt in being present at such a gathering. A great deal of interest centred itself in the pre sent election, from the greatness of the 1 questions which it would decide. But he thought a greater question than any now under discussion in connection with politics was the training of the young, who would in future frame the destinies of the colony. The history of the colony in future would be the outcome of the training the children were now undergoing. If he were able to analyse the influences operating on the minds of the young, then he could'cast, the horo scope of the future-sketching, in fact, the destiny of the colony. He dealt in succession with a few of the influences at work. Sabbath school teaching was one. It was satisfactory to know that there were nearly as many Sunday schools as there were day schools ; that there were quite as many scholars attending them; that there were thrice the number of teachers engaged in Sabbath school teaching as were em ployed by the State. There were in Victoria 1600 Sabbath schools, attended by 120,000 scholars, and at these establish ments 10,000 teachers were engaged. (Cheers.) He saw no reason why 200,000 children should not be gathered together for instruction on Sundays, and 20,000 teachers got to impart that instruction. (Cheers.) He enlogised the conduct of those who gave up the only clay of rest they had in the week, and at considerable inconvenience to themselves taught.^ in Sunday schools. (Cheers.) If the influence of these establish ments were only as deep as it was wide, then it was one of the most mighty factors in the formation of character the in 19th cen tury. The question was-was it as deep, and would the influence be lasting; or was it merely shallow, and would the bene fits derived be merely transient. This depended chiefly on the character and ability of tho teachers engaged. The outcomc of the teaching depended on who the teachers were, what they knew, and how they taught. Touching on the first question, ho did not mean who were the teachers as legarded their social position, that mattered nothing. As Sabbath school teachers they were very wisely placed on an equality. He had known an earl and a I baronet sitting side by side with a coster monger and a cliiranty-awcep as teachers. (Cheers.) He meaut-What was tboir spi ritual standing ? . The teacher's influence on the scholars depended on his or her charac ter. What teachers were was of infinitely more consequence than what they said. If anyone wished to touch a heart, ho must feel what he said, and if ho wished to mould a character he must Bhow a good ex ample. Especially were children quick at noticing small defects in character. The teacher must, to be successful, be earnest. He could never teach the children a religous ideal that he did not shadow forth in some measure himself. If a teacher could only impress upon a child the truth of religion he had laid the foundation for future faith. (Cheers.) The teacher must also be faithful. He believed with the church rested inherent priesthood in itB New Testiment sense, and the church had relegated to the Sabbath school teachers the work of feeding the lambs. With all earnest ness, and all faithfulness, however, nothing could be accomplished without the aid of the Holy Ghost. A oolleotion was then made, prior to which the Rev. T. M'K.*. Fraser appealed to the liberality of the audience. The Executive Committee for the carrying out of the Cen tenary celebration had been put to an expense of £26 10s. One collection had been .taken up, but this amounted only to £6 lis 6d, thus leaving a balance of near £20 liabilities due. He expressed a hope that the collection would wipe it off. Whilst the collection was being taken np the choir sang very sweetly the Commemoration Hymn. . The bishop then continued, and asked-What do the teacbcrs know ? Be cause it was certain that the teachers could only teach what they themselves knew. He considered that though the Book of books contained in the most striking and concise form the doctrines of "Christianity, yet the teachers needed help from other writers, in order to enable them to make their lessons attractive. He had more fear of narrow minded and one-sided teaching than of absolute errors being inculcated. It was ridiculous for teachers to suppose that they coald continue teaching week after week without learning themselves. They should think over their lesson quite as long as they read over it, and not take second-hand similes and figures. Teachers, also, should be np in the modern objections to the Bible, and the mode of meeting these. More especially did this remark apply to the teachers of the elder scholars. Mutiny on board ship was nearly always the result of short rations, and inattention on the part of scholars was generally due to their lessons not being made interesting to them. It was a dreadful thing to bore children with religion. The last point was how the teachers were to work. The mould in which their teaching was cast should be sympathy. Love was the key to every human heart, and the Sabbath school class should be one of love and sympathy. Bodily punishment should be entirely absent, and unhealthy competition should be a thing unknown. (Cheers.) Teachers should also know their children at home as well as at school-they should not talk to their scholars too sourly, nor should they talk all molasses to them. (Laughter.) The speaker also advocated system in teaching. On the other hand, the less there was of bondage and re straint in a school the hotter. The influence of punctuality on the part of teachers was great on the minds of the scholars. In con clusion, Dr. Thornton expressed his fear that the class of persons for whose salvation Robert Rsikes established Sunday schools were yet outside. He urged upon the teachers in creased enthusiasm, so that the Sabbath school might assume in all its force its mis sionary aspects, and gather in thethousands from the world. (Cheers.) _ A vote of thanks to the Bishop for his prac tical address was carried by acclamation, on the motion of Canon Goodman, seconded by tho Rev. J. Harcourt. A suggestion by the latter, that gatherings of a similar character to those which had taken place under the auspices of the Raikes centenary committee should be held annually, was well received by the audience. A hearty vote o£ thanks was also accorded to the choir, their leader (Mr R. J. Andrews), and the har moniumist (.\lis3 Goodman), the Rev. C. S. Y. Price being the mover, and the Rev. A. Davidson the seconder. A vote of thanks was also passed to the chairman, and after another hymn had been sung, the bene diction was pronounced, and the centenary celebration was brought to a termination. During the passing of the votes of thanks, the chairman announced that the collection that night amounted to £12 7s 6d, making a total of £18 19s, and leaving the committee indebted to the amount of £7 lis. 