AMERICAN VIEWS ON HIGH RAILWAY SPEEDS. It will hardly be denied that as regards fast running, the present style of locomotives in America have done about all they are capable of doing-. Yet there seems to be n pressing demand for higher speed and better time, a demand stimulated by com petition between rival lines, and the fact that the average speed of fast trains upon English roads exceeds by a large percentage the average of the same class of trains on oar own roads. Under existing conditions, an mai can oe aone 10 meet me aeuia.nu is merely to demonstrate that it is possible to run trains a mile a minute with engines of special construction, an-i even with those of the standard 4-d river pattern upon level and straight tracks, and good road-bed:). This, however, is really nothing new. It has been done before, and can be done now, and at any time uuder the same circuoi etanancea and conditions. The trouble is that such performances are exceptional, and are attended with drawbacks that prevent them becoming the rule. Why is it that the maximum speed attained on our roads years ago by engines with a single pair of large driving wheels have not been kept up, and the same style of engines used for fast running? Simply because it has proved nnremuuative. High velocities enormously increase the cost of maintenance of rolling stock, track, and road-bed. There are also mechanical difficulties inherent in this class of engines, but they are perhaps not insur mountable. Engines with one or two pairs* of drivers can be made to turn their wheels as fast as most people wish to ride, but until the effects of heavy blows by heavy bodies moving at high speeds can be avoided or neutralised the traffic will not pay. The email number of locomotives that were built many years ago for fast running on our roads with single drivers, 7 or 8 feet in diameter, have all disappeared, or smaller ones have been substituted for the larger ones. The mile-a-minute speed has been abandoned, and the regular rate of 25 or 80 mi'.es an hour is maintained as the most profitable. Speed, however, in railway transporta tion, is extremely desirable. No attainable amount of it will ever be sufficient to satisfy the demand of mails, passengers, and freight; we want all we can get, and, if 60 miles an hour is ever to be tiie rule in this country for fast lines, we shall either have to make our engines and trucks con form to what they are in English practice, or else some radically new locomotive con struction must be devised, that will enable the machine to be kept, at high speed with out destroying itself too rapidly, as well as the cars and track. The climate .of England permits of a much more stable roadway than our own ; it is more easily kept in aligument, frosts do not penetrate go deeply, there are -fewer curves and grades, and cars and engines run more smoothly upon it. It is a question, however, whether the trains there which habitually make fifty-six miles an hour are profitable. The same causes which work against them here, must also exist there, although in a less degree. As Compared with the regular working veloci ties of many other kinds of machinery, a speed upon railways of sixty or even seventy five mites an hour, does not seem to be so very remarkable; but under existing con ditions in this country, it cannot be main taiued, except at a sacrifice, which more than offsets the advantages. According to reports that have been published from time to time, there has been some pretty f«6t mining between Philadel phia and INew lork. The new special locomotive, with two 6£ feet drivers, built for the Heading road, made the whole dis tance of 89 miles, without stops, at an average speed of 64| miles an hour, although 63 miles an hour was made for a distance of 47 miles where the track was straight and level. The engine was new, however, and not in complete working order. This was on the Bound Brook route. On the New Jersey division of the Pennsylvania load it is claimed that the frame distance has been made in 93 minutes, including four stoppages, and a Glack-up at two places ; also, that some of the regular trains between the1 two cities make 48 miles an hour, including all stops. This, although it is a near approximation to the much-vaunted English running, is exceptional with us, and not a routine every day matter. An engine in eood order, with four 5i feet drivers, and running with a comparatively light train over the perfect rails -and rail- joints and splendidly-ballasted track of the Pennsyl vania road, can make pretty good time when it runs ' onjtarade,' as it were, and just to see what it can do. Fast running, however, should be under stood to refer to the regular performance of engines with day in and day out, with regular schedules, and in this ciise the English big-wheel single engines, with light trains and perfect tracks, will doubt less continue to beat the rest of the world, at least for the time being. — National Car Builder, 'There,' said a charming lady, with a naive expression, that made her face radiant, pointing to an ebony case of china ware, ' that is my brick-bat cabinet/' An ill- mannered set of philosophers are Irving to laugh at a poor Congressman be cause in a heated debate the other day be regretted that he had not ' the power of Hoses to command the sun and moon to standstill.' . When -the census- taker, wishing to com pliment,- said to a citizen : — ' Ah, sir, you've a wife of a hundred -'' the lady grabbed a rolling-pin and sailed in on Mm saying, « You villain, 1 told you £ was only 25. Don't you dare to put it down as 100 !' She stood watching a canal boat loaded ?with ice as it was being locked into the Canal from Lake Champlain. ' What is that boat loaded with P' she asked. ' Ice,' was the reply. 'Oh, my!' she exclaimed in surprise, 'if the horrid stuff should melt the water would sink the boat !' Lever used to tell with infinite drollery the following story of Mr. M'Giashan, his Dublin publisher, who was a Scotchman. At a certain dinner, fearing to be made ' fou' by the wild Irish authors and scribblers, he left the table, having taken his fair share of wine, to join the ladies in the drawing room. After a while the company heard unearthly noises in the pantry, just behind ' the dining-room. They listened and they wondered. What could it be? Were there really ghosts in the house, as bad been whispered in its ancient traditions ? Hut, summoning courage, they went en masse, and they found that worthy M'Giashan had, under the impression that he was going up stairs to the ladies ascended shelf after shelf of the pantry, and was at that moment lying at full length on the uppermost, kick ing furiously at the ceiling and side-walla. and expressing the utmost surprise that he coold not 'get op-stairs.' 