ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 24, 1SS0. THE leniency of the sentences passed upon the directors and manager of the Provincial and Suburban Bank of Vic- toria has been adversely commented upon by the leading newspapers of the colonies, and with good reason. The defendants were charged, as directors and manager, with conspiring to deceive and defraud the shareholders of thc bank-or, in oilier words, that they conspired falsely to represent that the bank during various half years was in a sound and prosperous condition, whereas it was not so, according to their own know- ledge. They were also charged with buying shares of the bank with the bank's moneys. After an exhaustive trial, extending over many days, the Jury retired to consider their verdict. After four hours' deliberation, they re-entered the jury-box, having agreed upon their verdict. They found Hackett, Scott, Fawcett, Morgan, and Willis, guilty of conspiracy to defraud, but accompanied their verdict with a strong recommen- dation to mercy in .the case of the directors, and especially so, with regard to Fawcett. The sentence of the Court was that the directors-John Hackett, Robert Steel Scott, Isaac Ralph Fawcett, and Charles Morgan, be each fined in the sum of £50, and lo be imprisoned until the fine be paid ; and Richard Henry Willis, the manager, was sentenced to_ pay a fine of ^250, and to be im- prisoned until the payment of the fine. The imprisonment, be it understood, was only to enforce the payment of the fine, and in the case of thc directors the amount (£50 each) was so small that its immediate payment would cause no inconvenience. Even the higher penalty of .£250 inflicted upon the manager was altogether disproportioncd to the heinousness of his offence. A money fine alone, in such cases as these, cannot be justly considered an adequate punish- ment. The defendants would, as a matter of course from their position in society, be well connected and sur- rounded by friends who would have no difficulty in subscribing among them- selves the amount of the fine, lt is also probable that among the persons who had shared in the gains accruing from the fraudulent action of the de- fendants in connection willi the bank management, they would have many sym- pathisers- possibly confederates -and the infliction of a fine would therefore practically be an extremely lenient punishment. Taking the defendants separately, we find that Fawcett was found guilty of buying the bank's shares with the bank's money, and in this way participating in thc conspiracy to dc frauid ; Hackett, Scott, mid Morgan guilty (1) of buying the bank's shares with llie Bank's money, (2) of publishing a false balance sheet for the half-year ending 31st December last, (3) of buying shares to keep up the price, (4) of issuing a false report and balance sheet for June, 1878, (5) of issuing a false report and balance sheet for December, 1S7S, with a view to deceive share- holder and creditors, (6) of conspiracy with intent lo deceive shareholders. H would appear thal thc directors Vere let off with a small fine chiefly because of their inexperience in banking hummers ; and ibo mana- ger, who is presumed by long ex- perience lo hue bnd a keener perception of the principios of movably in malters of fin.iiK'o and commerce, «MS repined lo pay a fine five limes the .iniijiinl ( demanded of the several director;. The jury strongly recommended to mercy all the directors, and more especially Fawcett, " on account of their inexperience in banking matters, and the punishment and loss they have already incurred, and of their previous good con- duct." They further considered it possible that some of the illegal acts might have been done in some measure ' with the intention of averting greater loss-to tide over a difficulty. These reasons are remarkable as coming from an intelligent jury, but it is still more sur- prising to find the Chief Justice before whom the cases were tried, endorsing the recommendation to mercy as well as the reasons upon which it was based. His Honor in passing sentence, is re- ported to have said : Tho jury had brought in a verdict of guilty, lint had drawn a distinction between some of tlicm, tsitli «liich lie entirely concurred. It waa a very difficult matter for ono human Icing to measure tho precise guilt of another, still there were acts in the case of tho manager which were not proved and did not exist in thc case of the directors. Although thc manager was subservient to tho directors and directly under their control, yet they might very well rely upon him to warn them of the danger of any course they were taking. He thought it proper to receive the plea of inexperience, and proper also to remember that tho country at thc time thc bank failed was passing through a very great trial, and the stress therefore to which a small bank would be subjected was no easy one, although larger banks might per- haps ride over it without being seriously affected. He was aware that tliiB bank was thc first of thc character established in tho colony, and that during thc short timo of its history it had been subjected to severe trials. He was also willing to accent tho belief that the directors had been lcd on little by little, and although warned of thc ruin that would be tile result of their action, they were so seized with a desire to bring thc bank back into a sound position (and no doubt in thc interests of tho shareholders they were quito right in doing so up to a certain point) that they coutinuod on their course. With a laudable object in view they seemed to have forgotten that the end would not always justify the means, and thus went on step hy stop until they brought themselves into their present position. Tue directors bad bcon re- commended tn mercy. Ho (his Honor) did not feel called upon to deal severely with them, beyond marking his sense of thc offence that had been committed. It waB a new one in this country, nnd that might perhaps be urged _ in mitigation of tho punishment. Ho did not feel called upon to inflict severo punishment upon any of them, ns the disgrace of tho sentence, for it was a disgrace, ought to bo severe enough. He did, however, intend to make a difference in thc punishment to be imposed on the directors and that to bc imposed on the manager. The Chief Justice thought it proper to receive the plea of inexperience. Hut was this really a palliation of the offences of which the defendants stood convicted. They had been guilty of fraud-of publishing false reports and balance sheets with a view to keep up the price of shares or to deceive the shareholders, and conspiracy to make a financial undertaking appear sound when it was rotten at the core. Surely it does not require experience to teach the simplest mind that these acts arc immoral and dishonest. Surely fraudu- lent acts committed by a bank director are not Jess culpable or less injurious to the well-being of society than when com- mitted by men occupying humbler and less responsible stations in life ; and if the common thief is sent lo prison, why should bank directors who conspire to defraud the public be let off with a small fine? Scarcely less out of place was the plea that the defendants had committed the unlawful acts with which they were charged under pressure of hard times. There would be few dishonest men, if there were no temptations lo dishonesty, and no gains to be made by it. " With a laudable object in view," his Honor remarked, "they seemed to have forgotten that the end would not always justify the means." Strange forgetfulness, but it does not really aller the criminal nature of their conduct. If men who voluntarily assume the position of bank directors fail to bear in mind the common place truth that the end will not always justify the means, and in their forgetfulness are betrayed into flagrant violations of the elementary principles of morality, they are not to be pitied but deserve to be punished with all due severity. The present is not a time when com- mercial morality stands so high that crimes such as those of which the directors of the Provincial and Sub- urban Bank were convicted can safely be treated as venial, and meeting only a nominal punishment ; and we cannot but strongly condemn thc inadequate punish- ment inflicted in these cases, being con- vinced that they must in the ordinary nature of things have a demoralising effect upon bank directors and thc com- munity at large. Till! K and h Companies Q.V.I, will parade at tho Drill Shed, Fitzroy-strcct, at 4 30 this afternoon in place of ¡3 p.m., for thc purpose of marching to Gracemere to hold their Easter encampment. Trm Blackall, steamer, by which Hudson's Surprise Tarty wore passengers, not having arrived as early as expected, thc opening per- formance had to be postponed until to-night, when tho Company will make their appearance in their combination programme. Ixsi'Ei.TOii STL-AUT states that ho rccoived a telegram yesterday, to thc effect that Jemmy Ah Sue had been committed by tho Clermont Bench, to tnkc his trial for the wilful murder of Ah Coo on the 18th instant. Thc prisoner will bc tried at thc next sittings of thc Circuit Court to bc holden here on April 10. Ill* Honor Judge lilake arrived by the *lovernor blackall, s.s., last night, and will open alie Civil Sittings of tho District Court this morning .it ten o'clock. Mr. P. Heal, Crown Prosecutor, will probably arrive hero on Mon- day hy Hie coast mail boat, and thc criminal cases will bc tried tho following day. A KnxiAi. meeting of tho Licensing Board wis held at the Court House yesterday, h'f ire thc Police Magistrate and McssrB. YV. Pattison and .1. llrown, J.J.P. The transfer of T. Fonzie's license for the Lake's Cre"k Hotel to Martin Zimmerman, was granted. Thc application cf John Costello for licensed gates t'i lie erected on selections Nus. 4S!) and I'iTS, Cawarral, un thc road between liock haiiiMtuu anti Kum Park, was gr.uilcl fur thc period enclin- December 31. 1SSII. Mr. \V. K. MWrey appeared in support of the n]»pli-.-:i timi, which was oppose! by Mr. T. Wright. AK extension of Mr. F. Comley'a license from tho Alma Hotel to the Gracemere Show Ground, during the Volunteer Encampment, was granted by tho Police Magistrate, yesterday. A ijfAETcniA' lievision and Ecgistration Court, for tho Electoral District of Leich- hardt, or that portiou com prised within the police district of Springsure, will be held at thc Court House, Springsure, ou Tuesday Ctn April, at 12 o'clock noon, Tm; uulcascd runs eighteen in number, in the Bockhampton District, wero offered to public competition yesterday, at an upset rental of £2 per square mile for thc term of five years, Only about four persons were present, and not a siuglc run was disposed of. THE Government Gazette of the 20th notifies that the tcuder of Mr. J. Clohesy, for repairs to the Tambo Court House, haB been accepted. Part of Frazer's, or Great Sandy Island, Maryborough Land Agent's District, is with- drawn from the operation of timber license for cutting and removing pine trees or other than cypress pine. IK thc Small Debts Court caso of J. O.'G. Dunne ». P. Kenua, in which the defendant was sued for £20, amount of a dishonoured promissory note, the Police Magistrate, yester- day, gave a verdict for the defendant with £2 2s, professional costs, and £115s. for wit- nesses expenses. His Worship said that the weight of evidence was in defendant's favour, and he gave judgment accordingly. Mr. D'Arcy gave notice of appeal. WITH reference to a paragraph in our issue of yesterday, respecting the non- roccipt of a prize won by Mr. Delaney at the St. Patrick's Day sports, wo have been informed by Mr. H. Kelly, the Hon. Secretary on the occasion, that tho gold ring, the prize referred to, was stolen from a room attached to the Bhed at tho Show Grounds, on St. Patrick's Day, and that a substitute had since been purchased which Mr. Delaney could have obtained had bc ap- plied for it. Mr. Kelly, however, docs not state whether tho winner of the prize had been acquainted of this latter circumstance. THE traffic earnings on the Central railway for tho week ended March 13, amounted to £!G.'J4 14s. Od., showing, os compared with the corresponding period of last year, au increase of £'JSS 11s. lld. There was an increase of £S1 3s. 1 ld.in fares, £874 5s. lld in thc receipts for goods and stock, and £33 2s. jd, in thc parcels receipts. Thc traffic earnings on thc Southern aud Western railway for the above period, amounted to £3305 8s. 7d., showing, as comparod with the corresponding week of last yoar, an increase of £96 Hs. ld. The total receipts for the year up to date were Central linc, £11,000 12s. 7d., increase £301 i Ss. 3d. Southern and Western linc, £38,849 15s. 7d., decrease £779 ls. lld. Tue Police Magistrate lias courteously handed «s a private letter received by him respecting the search for the missing man, Jamison, and thc cutter Nautilus, tho par- ticulars of which have been mainly anticipated. Mr. Collins and I'etter Warren, as was previously stated, had to make for Stannage Bay owing to tho rough weather, and on beaching their boat it was Been that she had started a plank. It was feared that Jamison must have perished during the gale on tho night of the 13th instant, unless lie was picked up by a passing vessel. Mr. Colline walked from fifteen to twenty miles over Townsend Island but could discover no signs of the Nautilus Thc part of thc island traversed was stated to bo clear of trees, and there was plenty of water ; the country being well adapted for a sheep run could tho sheep be got there. THE prospecting party consisting of Messrs. W. Nash, George Pohlman, William Connor, and George Hall, returned to Rockhampton on Friday evening last. The party had pro- spected over a radius of twenty miles, having commenced their work on the eastern slope of thc Casuarina scrub, where the colour of gold was obtained, but nothing payable discovered. The ground, however, could not be properly tested owing to the want of sufficient water, and the wash dirt had to be carried a distance of two miles. The prospectors re- moved from thence to the head of Fire Creek, and tried several gullies, and the branches of the creek in that locality. During their stay the party obtained the colour in nearly all the places tried. They next proceeded to Horri- gan Creek, but could not test it sufficiently on account of the large quantity of water in the creek. A little gold was found, but not in quantity sufficient to pay for working. Mr, Nash entertains the idea that gold can be found at Raglan, on Mr. Creed's pre-emptive selection, but that gentleman will not allow the ground to be worked. On Mr. Creed's property, Langmorn, a good sample of stone, showing strong indications of the existence of copper, was obtained. Mr. Nash and his party were out eight weeks-during that time they were often prevented from workiug by the flooded state of the creeks. DEATH FROM SNAKEBITE.—We learn from the Melbourne Daily Telegraph that on the 3rd instant a young man, 19 years of age, named Mark Marston, was out in one of Mr. W. J. Clarke's paddocks, at Sunbury, looking for rabbits. He put his hand into a rabbit burrow, and almost immediately withdrew it, and said something had bitten him. He con- tinued rooting for a few minutes, then com- plained of his head. His companion helped him along, and tied a string round the arm and called for assistance. Mr. Fanning, gardener to Mr. Clarke, answered the call, and scarified the wound, which was on the wrist, and which his companion sucked. Between them they got the deceased to the Ruperts- wood Hotel, where he was attended by Dr. Leggatt. This was about half-past 1 o'clock in the day, and by constant care and the injec- tion of ammonia into the arm the deceased rallied, and Dr. Leggatt left him at 11 p.m., apparently doing well. He was called at 3 a.m. next day, and found deceased's arm in a violent state of inflammation. The doctor prescribed for him; but he continued to sink, and died at a quarter past 9 a.m. from the poisonous effects of snakebite. A Novr.i. AND USEFUL MAITIINE.-A mechanical contrivance-American in thc simplicity and ingenuity of its construction is now to bc seen in Adelaide, says thc Sonlli Australian AV.vWrv. lt is «hat may be termed a railway velocipede or tricycle, and is intended for the uso of permanent way inspection-the men who go down the railway linea periodically to sec that they are in repair and clear of obstruction. Thc vessel, which was manufactured by G. and S. Slieliicld and Co., Michigan, consists of a light carriage mounted upon two wheels, one behind thc oilier, with flanges to fit on one rail of tho linc, while a projecting bar supports ii smaller wheel to take thc other rail and keep «he vehicle steady. I lie rider places himself upon a seat in the fore part of the earriige. and by means of a cleverly con- strue:..! opvviight oscillating fralli", neting upnii a .wries of cranks and cog« heels beneath, ppipr-ls himself at a rapid rate along thc rail- way «i.h vcr;y little exertion. There is also pruv^ion for driviug the vehicle willi thc feet tn the same way as a bieyclc. A small bat I powerful brake is fitted so as to act on the wheels " ¿til great force and stop tho machine j at once if necessary. The carriage is between I two and three feet high, and six feet long, and is very light. Behind the driver is a receptacle for tools or whatever he may require to carry with him of an easy portable character, and in front is a small box for screws, oilcan, &c.; Tim FODBER PLANT TEOSINTK.- Several statements (says tho .S\ M. Herald) have lately been made respecting tho introduction of Teosintc, or Kuchlwna luxurians, into these colonies. Without calling in question thc merit of those gentlemen who arc reported to have exerted themselves in the matter, it may be mentioned as a fact (which indeed, appeared in tho S. M. Herald of April last), that about two years ago Baron F. Von Mueller sent soino seed to the Kev. Dr. Woolla for distribution, and that it was tried hy several farmers on tho banks of the Hawkesbury. Some plants were raised, and grew to the height of eight feet, developing flowers and leaves two and three feet long, and three or four inches broad ; but as soon as thc frosty weather set in they were all cut down. From thc experiments made, the farmers were of opinion that Tcosinte was better adapted for the northern parts of the colony or for Queensland than for this latitude. A PROVIDENTIAL KSOAPE.-The Ealmca and Moama A dvertiser states that an unfortunate occurrence took place in the parish of Moira, the other day. Two children, the sons of James Wright, a farmer, residing in the said parish, set out on Friday, the 27th February, to fetch home some cows, and after travelling about three-quarters of a mile, it commenced to rain, whereon thc elder brother told tho younger to run home. The younger child (about S years old) accordingly started for home, as he thought. The elder brother on reaching home some considerable time after, found that the little fellow had not made his appearance. Search was made, but he was nowhere to be found that night. The follow- ing morning about 30 of thc neighbours turned out, and searched the whole day, but without success. The worst part of all was that on thc Friday night mentioned it poured with rain, and on Saturday the weather was as bad, Saturday night at dark it was raining hard, and had every appearance of a wet night, but with no sign of the child. All hopes of finding him nlivo were then abandoned. On Sunday morning, however, he was discovered about two miles from whore he was last seen, trudging about and calling for his brother, and, but for being weak and hungry, none thc worse for his mishap. He was out two nights and a day, with the rain pouring in torrents the whole time' BURNING LAMPAS FROM HORSES Mourns. The barbarous and unnecessary operations (says tho S, M. Herald) performed on tho mouth of the horse, for tho cure of lampas, has been recently under thc consideration of the Animals' Protection Society. As every- one who has had anything to do with horses knows, thc operation is an extremely paiuful one, and tho resort of farriers to such a cruel mode of cure for tho ailment seems to have been the result of ignoraucc more than any- thing else. Before resolving to take action to Btop tho barbarous practice, thc society re- ferred to Mr. John Stewart, veterinary sur- geon, Darlinghurst Road, to elicit his opinion ns to its necessity, He states that during the fifty years he has never met with a single case that required Buch au operation as that which farriers are in tho habit of performing for the cure af the lampas. Tho practice has never boon sanctioned at any of^tho veterinary colleges in thc United Kingdom, nar by any modern veterinary author in thc United King- dom. Mr, Stewart's opinions, which the society has embodied in a circular to bc issued to every farrier in tho colony, are worth perusal by all owners of horses. We may add, by way of caution, that the society has resolved to prosecute any person who may hereafter bo found buruing for thc lampas. A SPECTRAL FIGURE.-A strange story re- aches the Bendigo Independent from the Sheep- wash. A few evenings since four woodcartcrs wcro returning from Sandhurst to their homes at thc Sheepwash. Tho night vas oloar, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached thc Junction Hotel they turned off on a bush track, and travelled along for a short distance. Suddenly they saw approaching them the figure of a headless female draped in white, aud gliding along apparently without any exertion. They gazed with fascinated horror on the spectacle, nono of them able to speak, A curiosity about this strange affair is that thc men say that directly it passed one waggon it became invisible to thoso Bit- ting in the other cart. Thus it appeared to each woodcartcr, ono after tho other. Although dressed in white, there appeared to bc a yellowish hue surrounding the figure. For four nights in succession thc ghost (or what ever it was J was seen, and the wosd-cartcrs became at last so afraid that when they aro now going home with the empty drays they all ride together. Had the story been related to us by one person only, few people would placo any credence in it, but when half a dozou emphatically relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have, however, arranged to "pot" the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish in- dividual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. HOMICIDE THROUGH DRINK.—The Dubbo Despatch reports that on Friday, the 5th in- stant, a serious affray occurred on the Cobar Road, at a place called the Pigeon Holes, be- tween Nyngan and Cobar. It appears that a man named Collins, a carrier, and two others named Newsome and Hatton, were drinking at Hall's public-house. They had some words and a fight ensued between Hatton and Collins. The latter got the best of it, and as soon as the combat was over Collins got his team together and started on his journey. He believed there was an end to the quarrel; and, as we understand, he separated from the others on good terms. After he had travelled about a mile, he was was followed by New- some and Hatton. On approaching Collins, Newsome, who, it was said, was incited by Hatton, rushed at Collins with a tomahawk, and the latter, finding himself hard pressed and his life in danger, took up a gun and fired. The shot struck Newsome in the right knee, and as soon as he fell Hatton bolted. Collins, who no sooner fired than he was sorry for his action, used every means to assist the wounded man. Information was sent to the Canonbar police, and senior-constable Brown went out, He started in pursuit of Hatton, and succeeded in apprehending him. In the meanwhile Newsome was brought into Canonbar, and Dr. Tibbits telegraphed for to Dubbo. The wound was in a dreadful state—in fact, so bad that mortification was expected, but the doctor dressed it at once, and the man, who will be sent to Dubbo by coach, is progressing favour- ably. FATHER HENNEBEURY'S MISSION*,-The Bathurst telegraphic correspondent of thc Krenimj Xi ir*, under thu date of Mareil 15, sends thc following :-" Father Hcnncbcrrys mission was brought to a conclusion yesterday at the Cathedral. lu tho afternoon about 1000 people assembled in thc church, and, after renewing the tempérance pledge, formed into procession and marched through thc town ; and ns each poison had on a handsome scarf and a medal, it was quite an imposing sight. Children, married women, single women, and single men walked separately, and each detachment was headed by a handsome launer, bearing a suitable inscription. A great number of people followed in buggies. ^ Thc rev. gentleman preached an excellent | sermon in the evening, when n most impressive ! sight was presented. The congregation cn ina«se renewed their baptismal vows, every person was provided with a emilie, mil, whilst the vows were made, they were lighted and held aloft by each person as they repeated the words impressively uttered by thc priest. The view, from an artistic point of view, was very striking. During his stay lure, the rev. gentleman baa done great good, but during some of his sermons he made rather Martling statement*. In preaching a , sermon on Catholic education, be denounced Sir Henry Parkes and nil who voted for him j on thc Education question. Ho consigned them to rather wann quarters below. In j speaking ou mixed marriageB, he said that any -vornan who didn't obey the voice of the Church upon this ovestion would suffer eternal woe, and that non- Catholics were not fit partners for the faithful." A HOMELY SimsnTUTF. FOB Con-LivER OIL. -Dr. Thomas AddiB Emmet (" Principles and Practice of Gyntccology ") recommends as a good substitute for cod-liver oil thc fat of pork. For its proper preparation he gives directions as follows. A thick portion of a rib piece, free from lean, is selected and allowed to soak in water for thirty-six hours before being boiled, tho water being frequently changed, to got rid of the salt. It should be boiled slowly and thoroughly cooked, and, while boiling, the water must be changed several times by pouring it off, and fresh water, nearly boiling, substituted. It is to be eaten cold, in tho form of a sandwich, made from stale bread, and both should bc cut as thin as possible. It is very nutritious, but it should only bo given in small quantities until a taste for it has been required. It is thc most con- centrated form in which food can bc taken in the same bulk, and Dr. Emmet has frcqneutly seen it retained when thc stomach was so irritablo that other substances would bc re- jected. For this condition of the stomach it may bc rubbed up thoroughly in a porcelain mortar, and then given in minute quantities at a time. It is made more palatable foy thc addition of a little table-salt, and thiB will bc well tolerated, while the salt used for preserv- ing thc meat, having become rancid, if not Boaked out, will produce disturbance, even in a healthy stomach. For obvious reasons it is best not to inform tho patient of thc nature of this food until he or she has learned to relish it.-British Medical Journal. TELEGRAPHIC BLUNDERS.-A writer on \ " Some recent advances in telegraphy" givca the following amusing instances of blunders caused by thc alternation of dots and dashes in the code now in UBC Í A dot will convert thc word save to rave : pound is easily trans- posed into found, and the words dead and bad are made np of precisely thc same number of dots and dashes, the ouly difference being the insertion of a space ; and a very sad message was seut not very long ago announcing that a favourite daughter was "dead" instead of " bad "-the signals for DE having exactly the samo clement ns B, aa shown above. After hearing this you will not be surprised that when a party of young ladies waB announced as having " arrived all right," the message was delivered as " arrived all tight ;" and that also when a husband went to Brighton to secure apartments, and arranged with his wife that if he found apartments lie would telegraph for her to come but if unsuccessful would return home; he telegraphed "home tonight," but she received the message, "Come to- night," and thc result was that they crossed on the road. Again, a friend of mine was in Man- chester, mid his only child was at home unwell, he suspected, with thc measles ; his wife tele- graphed" Hash all gone," but he received a message "Cash ali gone." I could repeat these errors to any extent, many ludicrous, many sad, hut all simply dependant upon a very trifling change made in this rather un- certain alphabet. Still, as I said before, when we think of the enormous number of messages transmitted every year, we can only be sur- prised at the care and skill which prevents a greater proportion of errors. CAFTURK OF JOHNNY CAMPBELL.-"An eye-witness " writes to the Telegraph : " Thinking your readers would, perhaps, feel an interest in some particulars tn connection with tho arrest of Campbell, the blackfellow, I ofter to your notice a note or two of events, of which I was an eye-witness, although not on thc spot of tho exact arrest. While the passengers for the Culgoa were yesterday waiting on the wharf at Tewantin for the ship's boat to convoy them to Colroy, Mrs. Goodchap (from hor residence across thc bay which is formed by the entrance to Doonella Lake) commenced cooeying, and a boat being put off the young man returned with the news that Campbell, thc blackfellow was over there. In a very short time four resoluto fellows started in a boat with such firearms as they could lay their hands on impromptu. Mean while the shouting of the alarmed females and the yabber of thc blackfellows continued without intermission, and there soon arose loud hurrahs which told of some good tidings. After this there was a good deal of scampering about hither and thither, then another hurrah, heartier and mere earnest, and soon was seen marching np from the scrub a motley group. Then a boat put off from Mr. Goodchap's residence which, on approaching the wharf, disclosed thc formidable scoundrel prostrate in tho boot, well secured by cords. Johnny Griffin and another blackfellow shouldered him and bore him away to the lockup. Johnny Griffin and tho other blackfellow above referred to were thc captors of tho miscreant. Thc constable who is stationed at Tewantin left for Gympie about two hours before tho arrest. The blacks said on tho spot that Johnny had been there some time. I could not say whether long or short, but they did not let Campbell know that he was known to them. The presumption is that the blacks were waiting till Campbell was off his guard. His gun was found in a hollow tree. As we left the wharfs, a boatload of blackfellows came up and shouted out, " Blackfellow catch him ;" in such a tone as to indicate that they recognised no aid had been rendered on thiB occasion by their white brethren." THE GOVERNOR'S DEPARTURE.-The Gover- nor and Miss Kennedy have started on the first stage of their journey homeward, and we (Courier) 20th) trust are now enjoying a fine weather passage tn the Derwent, It was intended to catch the R.M.S. Normanby in the Bay, mid although there was no tidings nf this vessel being Bighted at Moreton Island, the Kate, according to arrangement, was ready for the conveyance of His Excellency and party at 10-30 yesterday morning. An escort of mounted police accompanied the vice-regal party to the Queen's wharf, where a guard of honourjof thc first Queenslander received his Excellency, Thcio was a good muster ou the wharf of those desirous of taking leave of Sir Arthur and Miss Kennedy, and the Ministers for Lands and Works and a number of other gentlemen accompanied his Excellency down the river. As the Kate left the wharf thc Governor acknowledged the farewell 'cheers of those assembled hy waving his adieux with his hat, and the saluting battery in the Queen's Park bellowed a part- ing salute. The ships at the wharves and the various places of business along the river dipped their flags as thc Kate passed. On reaching Lytton it was seen that the Normanby had not arrived in the Bay, and it was decided that bis Excellency should pro- ceed in thc Derwent, and, ponding the arrival of the latter vessel, the Kate was made fast alongside the wharf at Lytton. When the Derw ent came alongside the transhipment was very speedily effected, and the Governor, as the vessel steamed off, was greeted with cheers from those on board the Kate. The Kate then steamed down to tho Victoria, which was aground in Francis Channel, and took off her mails and such of the passengers ns desirod to get quickly to town. During thc operation tho Governor Blackall came down to lighten the Victoria, but was also fortunate enough to get aground, and when thc Kate left both VCBSCIS were fix- tures in the Francis Channel till next tide. On thc return of thc Ministers to town they hastened to the Government House to he present at thc sweariug-iu of the President of thc Council as Acting-Governor. This was accomplished in thc presence of his Honor thc Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Harding, thc three members of the Ministry in town, and about thirty of thc general public. His Excellency then received the congratulations of those present. This occasion very emphatically allirms thc judiciousness of thc appointment of the successor to Sir Maurice O'Connell, and wo heartily congratulate thc colony upon tho vice-regal dignity devolving upon so suitable a representative for the office. The Brisbane loiter of last «eek in thc S. M. Herald, referring to Sir Arthur Kennedy's intended visit to the old country, says :-"The unin- formed public arc in a state of wonderment over the matter. Tlie regulation explanation, "urgent pi n atc business," may mean any- thing, and accordingly some people would make it mean cvciything. I am not aware that tuera is any mam for secrecy respecting the cause of his Excellency's temporary abandonment of the colony. Ea connection with two other gentlemen since ^ deceased. Sir Arthur was made executor of an important estate in England, the affairs of which have reached a stage which at length (after many attempts on his part to stave off so long a voyage), leaves him no option but to give the business bis personal attention." 