How Granville Fought the Spaniards. TKNNYSON has told in magnificent verse the story of "the fight at Florez," and some months ago we published it in these columns ; but we think our readers will not be displeased to read again the story as told in prose aa grandly by Sir Walter Raleigh nearly three hundred years ago:— In August 1591, Lord Thomas Howard, with six English line- of-battle ships, six victuallers, and two or three pinnaces, was lying at anchor under the island of Florez. Light in ballast, and short of water, with half their men disabled by sickness, they were surrounded by a Spanish fleet of fifty-three ships. Eleven out of the twelve English ships obeyed the signal of the admiral, to cut or weigh their anchors, and escape as they might. The twelfth, the Revenge, commanded by Srr Richard Qranville, of Bideford, was unable for the moment to follow, as, of her crew of 190, ninety were sick on shore, and, from the position of the ship, there being some delftv and difficulty in getting them on board. But Sir Richard was in no haste to fly. He first saw all his sick on board and stowed away on the ballast, and then, with no more than 100 men left him to fight and work the ship, he deliberately weighed, un certain, as it seemed at first, what he intended to do. The Spanish fleet were by this time on biß weather bow, and " he was persuaded (we here take his cousin Raleigh's beautiful narrative and follow it in his words) to cut hia mainsail and cast about, and trust to the sailing of the ship. "But Sir Richard utterly refused to turn from the enemy, alleging that he would rather choose to die than to dishonor himself, his country, and her Majesty's ship, persuading his company that he would pass through their two squadrons in despite of them, and enforce those of Seville to give him way ; which he performed upon divers of the foremost, who, as the mariners term it, sprang their luff and fell under the lee of the Revenge. " The wind was light; the San Philip, 'a huge high-carged ship of 1500 tons,' came up to the windward of him, and taking the wind out of his sails ran aboard him. The Spanish ships were filled with soldiers, in some 200 besides the marines ; in some 500, in others 800. * * * * After many interchanged volleyß of great ordnance and small shot, the Spaniards deliberated to enter the Revenge, and made diverß attempts hoping to force her by the multitude of their armed soldierß and muske teers ; but were still repulsed again and again, and at all times beaten back into their own ship or into the sea. " All that August ni^ht the fight continued, the Btars rolling over in their sad majesty, but unseen through the sulphur clouds which hung over the scene. Ship after ship of the Spaniards ciime on upon the Revenge, so that never lees than two mighty galleons were at her aide and aboard her. Before morning fifteeen several armadocs had assailed her, aud all in vain ; Bonne had been sunk at her side, and the rost, so ill* approving of their entertainment that at break of day they were far more willing to hearken to a composition than hastily to make any more aasaulta or entries. " All the powder in the Revenge was now spent, all her pikes wore broken, forty out of her 100 men killed, and a great number of the rest wounded. Sir Richard, though badly hurt early in the battle, never forsook the deck till an hour before midnight; and was then ehot through the body while his wounds were being dressed ; and again in the head, and his surgeon was killed while attending on him. The masts were lying over the side, the rigging cut or broken, the upper works all shot in pieces, and the ship herself, unable to move, was settling slowly in the sea ; the vast fleet of Spaniards lying round her in a ring, like dogs round a dying lion, and wary of approaching him in his last agony. Sir Richard seeing that it was past hope, having fought for fifteen hours, and having, by estima tion, 800 shots of great artillery through him, commanded the master-gunner, whom he knew to be a most resolute man, to split and sink the ship, that thereby nothing might remain of glory or viotory to the Spaniards ; seeing in so many hours they were not able to take her, having had above fifteen hours time, above 10,000 men, and fifty.three men-of-war to perform it withal, and persuaded the company, or as many as he could induce, to yield themselves unto Qod and to the mercy of none else ; but as they had, like valiant resolute men, repulsed bo many enemies, they should not now shorten the honor of their nation by prolonging their own lives for a few hours or a few days." The gunner and a few others consented. But it was more than could be expected of ordinary Beamen. They had dared do all which did be come men, and they were not more than men, at least than men were then. Two Spanish ships had gone down, above 1500 men were killed, and the Spanish admiral could not induce any one of the rest of his fleet to board the Revenge, •gain, " doubting lest Richard would have blown up himself and them, knowing his dangerous disposition !" Sir Richard lying disabled below, the captain, finding the Spaniards as ready to entertain a composition as they could be to offer it, gained over the majority of the surviving crew; and the remainder then drawing back from the master- gunner, they all, without further consult ing their dying commander, surrendered on honorable terms ; " the ship being marvellous unßavourie." Alonzo de Bacon, the Spanish admiral, sent his boat to bring Sir Richard on board his own vessel. " Sir Richard, whose life was fast ebbing away, replied that ' he might do with his body what he list, for that he esteemed it not;' and as he was carried out of the ship, he swooned, and, reviving again, desired the company to pray for him. In a few hours, Sir Richard, finding his end approaching, showed not any sign of faintness, but spoke these words in Spanish, and said, ' Here die I, Richard Gran ville, with a jovial and quiet mind, for that I have ended my life as a true soldier ought to do that hath fought for bis country, queen, religion, and honor. Whereby my soul most joyfully de parteth out of this body,' and shall always leave behind it an everlasting fame of a valiant and true soldier, that has done his duty as he wa« bound to do.' When he had finished these or other such like words, he gave up the ghost with great and Btout courage, and no man could per ceive any sign of heaviness in him." Such was the fight at Florez, in that August of 1591, without its equal in such of the annals of mankind as the thing which we call history has preserved to us. At the time, all England and all the world rang with it. It struck a deeper terror, though it was but the action of a single ship, into the hearts of the Spanish people; it dealt a more deadly blow upon their fame and naval strength than the destruction of the Armada itself ; and, in the direct results which arose from it, it was scarcely less disastrous to them. Hardly, as it seems to us, if the most glorious actions which are Bet like jewels in the history of mankind are weighed one against the other in the balance—hardly will those 300 Spar tans, who, in the summer morning, sate ' comb ing their long hair—for death,' in the passes of Thermopylae, have earned a more lofty estimate for themselves than this one crew of modern Englishmen. " After the action there ensued ' a tempest so terrible, as was never seen or heard the like be fore.' A fleet of merchantmen joined the Armada immediately after the battle, forming in all 140 sail; and of tbeße 140 only thirty-two ever saw Spanish harbor. The rest all foundered, or were lost on the Azores. The men-of-war had been so shattered by shot as to be unable to carry sail ; and the Kevengo herself, disdaining to survive her commander, or, as if to complete his own last battled purpose, like Samson, buried herself and her 200 prize crew under the rocks of St. Michael's." After reading this, each man's feelings will be the best comment; but, if his patriotism be not stimulated, his motives purified, aud hia spirit fired by such an example, he is not to be envied ; for it stands alono, even among these marvel loub exploits— That fill The spacious times of great Elteibeth With sounds that echo stiLl. I.—A gentleman irreproachably dressed goes into a confectioner'B and says to the gentlemanly confectioner : " I want 150 of the nicest cream tarts you can make." " A hundred and Gfty ! That is a pretty large order. Do you want them at once t" " Within three hours at the latest." " I can have them ready in that time. Ahem ! It is customary to ask a deposit on such orders— aay ten francs. " Certainly, my friend. Here are your ten francs." —II.—About two hours later a gentleman irreproachably drubbed goes into a tailor's shop across the way from the pastry-cook'B, aud asks to be shown some over coats. He selects one of tho nicest and asks the price. "125 francs, sir." "Very well. I will take it. I have some money to collect at the confectioner's across the way. I presume you have no objection to lotting one of your young men come over with me to get it t" " Certainly not. A worthy man in my friend, Mr. Puff." — lII.—To confectioner enter irreproachably droesed gentleman now wearing nu overcoat and a tailor's youug man. The confectioner greets tho former with tho respectful friendliness duo to a good customer. "Ah, Puff, I've called round for that 150\. You promised to have them for me at 2.30." " You shall have them in five minutes, sir." " Very welL I have to go round the corner to see a man. You will give this young gentleman 125 of the 150. I will return and get the remain ing 25 myself in a few momenta." " With pleasure, air." —IV.—Five minutes later the confectioner gives the' tailor's young man 125 cream-tarts, and a bill for balance thereon 21 francs 25 centimes. Ono minute thereafter a confec tioner and a tailor's young man are scouring the neighborhood in search of an irreproachably dressed gentleman with a new overceat, whom the great city, with its ceaseless bustle and con fusion, has swallowed up as a yellow dog swallows an oyster-cracker. 