FREE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH CAMPERDOWN. —— The Rev A. Paul, of St. Kilda, held the first of a series of religious services in connexion with the. Free Presbyterian Church, in the Temperance Hall, Cam perdown, in the morning and evening, on Sunday last. This was owing to some dissensions in the Presbyterian Church, Camperdown—formerly under the pastoral charge of the Rev. F. R. M. Wilson, but now under that of the Rev. .W. L. Morton— arising out of recent changes in the form of worship, and in the management. On appeal to the Presbytery of Mortlake a short time ago, that bod ydecided that the majority must rule, and two of the oldest and most highly esteemed members of the Session, with their families, and some other members of the church, withdrew and sought the counsel and assistance of the Rev. Mr. Paul and his brethren. In the morning there were upwards of forty persons present—men and women, for the most part, of long standing in the church—and the Rev. Mr. Paul, after conducting the de votional services in the usual simple old Presbyterian form, took for his text Exodus, chapter 3, verse 3—" And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt"— from which he preached an appropriate and deeply interesting sermon. These words were to be taken, the preacher said, as an emblem of the world of mankind, of God's church chosen out of the world, and of individual members of that church. All were in the condition of the bush in the plain of Midian, which burned with fire, and was not consumed. Yet none could see this great sight, much less understand how it was, until brought to an acknow ledgment of the truth as it is in Jesus, by the operation of his Spirit. If we en quired how it was, that the church, em blematised by the burning bush, was not consumed, we should find it traceable to these three distinct sources—lst. To the eternal purpose of the father. 2nd. To the mediatorial work of the Son. And 3rd. To the indwelling of the Spirit. Such were a few of the points in the Rev. Mr. Paul's morning discourse, and they were well-applied. In the evening, the preacher took for his text Luke, chapter 10, verses 23-24—"Blessed are the eyes which see the things which ye see: for l tell you that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them, and to hear these these things which ye hear, and have not heard them." What the things were which the Apostles saw and heard, which neither prophets nor kings saw or heard, were the incarnation of Christ, his spotless holy life, his ministry of compas sion and love, and his stupendous miracles, exhibited so clearly in his power over un clean spirits. On each of these points, the preacher enlarged with much effect in the way of illustration. Wherein the blessed ness of thus seeing and hearing consisted, both in the Apostles' case and in ours, was in that special illumination of the Holy Spirit, whereby power was given to see what could not be seen by the natural eye, and to hear what could not be heard by the natural ear ; and there was a two-fold superiority in this privi lege, both as regarded the one and the other. For the Apostles not only saw and heard what prophets and kings neither saw nor heard, but what many of their contemporaries of the Jewish people neither saw nor heard. Again, those of Lord's people, living under the present dispensation, not only saw and heard what neither apostles, prophets nor kings saw nor heard, but what hundreds and thous sands around them neither see nor hear, for want of the enlightening influences of the Spirit. When Jesus uttered these words, he turned to his dis ciples, and spoke privately to them, and so he does now by the still small voice of his word and spirit, to those into whom the blessedness of spiritual sight and hearing is given. One note worthy feature in Mr. Paul's preaching is the way in which he magnifies and honors the offices and work of the Spirit, of which so little is heaid in ordinary preach ing now-a-days. This he did, both in his morning and evening sermon, as will be seen by the foregoing brief outline of their contents. He is continually remind ing his hearers that " No man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost." How different this from the preaching in which the Spirit is seldom or never mentioned, directly or indirectly! At the close of each of the sermons, Mr. Paul made these two announcements first, that he should be happy te meet with any on the following evening, who were desirous of forming a corresponding committee with the Court of the Free Pres byterian Church; and, secondly, that he should deliver a lecture on Tuesday evening, on the office of praise in public worship. The collections at the close of the services, morning and evening, were good, and the friends of the movement are, we are given to understand, quite satisfied with this their first attempt at organisation. At the evening service, the attendance was hardly so large as at that in the morning, owing to the darkness of of the night, the unfavour able state of the weather, and the distance some had to come. 