TII BISHOP QF.NEWCASTLE, PUBLIC 3IEETING'AT T'HE CITY HAJ.L. ON Thursdey eveiiing-ai publio meeting ",vas ;lield min the CiOty Hall;, for the i,,,urposoeof presenting addresses bf :weloloe hofrn i th6 three ~ireishes of .Niewastlo to B3ishop Pearson, together with an illuminated testimonial:to the *,rVicar.Genoral, Archdeacon 'Child, 'for ,,the valuable,?er'ices riendered by him "to the diocese since thie decoaso of the :lIate', Bhisop' Tyrroll. The building w- sciol'cdse I packeda.by an audionce in :everjy part, boLthl 'itpstairs and below. On a platforin which was raisod at the ''f.ir'tlher end of the Hall woro the Vicar General;, in lthe chair, the Motropolitan , Bishop, P'earson, Canons Selwya, lSteplohen, White, anda Tyrrell, Mr. i. ';"'W. Thompson (Deputy Registrar) 'and M.:i: Thiiomas Huugerfrord, J.P. 'The \ic.sn- GixnAL, in opening the ,.: proceediungs, remarked thalt it was not '.,quite twelve months since they met in ,tha? ,room, after a most anxious timeo, to put into force the. busi : ness 'of'tlohe diocese for the election ,.pf a. Bishop,-tbree weeks more wvould exalctly make twelve nmoniths,- a.'d thoy had . d. ow beforo thom ti.he Bishop who had been sent to them by Divine providoenc. He truly looked upon him as one sent by Divino choice :to whom they had been guildpa by God's blessing. Of course the progroess of civilisation, the rapidity with which v'eissols' aro now arriving from the old country, anild the' high stato which. "'the: steam engine had reached had bronug lt this about ; still all such prb ':,gross in the arts and sciencs brought around tlihe clergy' froesh responsibilities Siaiid hnioties. They had met to give .,a cordial welcome-as they had done .,beforo-to tlheir bishop, tnmd were going ;t?o ipupt that welcome into the form of an ..ddress signed by all the members of tl~iSyjiiod, clorical. and lay, as a last. ing.tostimonial of the cordiality with "' ;hi6li thoeir welcome was given. (Hear, hoear.)'? Bofore calling on a lay mom ,,br...:to ,read the address, he o.esirced' to say .a few words. They wore all aware that tlheoir late ,'reieoreid vicar died not more than6 seventeen months ago. He, of cours, Shiiilt hnad a very different condition obf things to cope with' on his first arrival, 'and: had, in reality, laid tie: basis 6f e hioir church here. (Hear,; hoar.) 'As on. evidonce of his labours, .itwoulld e foti lthat .there was not"' a singlo dioceso..without, itt 'loeit, one church, "ad' t'hat the constant desire expressoel ..by the.:late Bishop thit no district .shotuld be 'withbut itsf; parsonage had "almosia :been accomplishled. Perhaps i,;hore d Wias. only one, viz., Wallsond. He could not rofrmin from saying somdthing as to' what the distriot was thou, They would all remember thant SBishlioi Tyrrel 'had to:travql: inmany ,.,a .w?aiuy i' wyer3Y 'I.I1U Lii lnIU1i 1trUV InlEnal iDakling. Downs, and up rs "far as :Wide 'Bay, and that sub -:seqneiitly the ' 'diooese was 'cdividelod '"byt~"lding off pilt of Grafton,"and .Aroridale,. and later .on part rof BathuLrst.. To oeffooet this reduction, re. q'utiiri tgroi't offorb, peouniaryand othei , wise~buht the result was 'the forlmation of' their prosont compai t dioceso, and o'.eansequently their.riow Bisliop.would ,'finud it' much easier,ito go through his work'l'than otherwise would have bobh the ease. :. Not that he meant; to. 'say thoe wrkwo would be light or 'easy,' aud -,in welomiiing thl0British they one and all plodged thomselvos most gladly aid heartily to assist him in all ways in tlhea kresponisibilitieos of tihe wrlk.. (Toud pri plause.) Perhapsesome of them had ,,1gone ,ratho?r too far, uad begun "to imagino that. the Bishop's, wife ,was to b'bo'an 'assistanut Bishop (Laughtor), but s wulfi' ld ild e abld to assist and comfortB him in the manifold andl aidr0ois ditids which wouldclll to his l'Bt. HisLordship •biglitriljl;:upoon iceeiviig the,support Sof his clorgy, both !by their help and monausso far as God's blessing would ...permit,. He again- r eiondid- to His .:: ILordship and M\rs, Pearson the hoarsy welcome of, all .ii .the dlioceseo andl called upoi Mir, T Huingorford to road the addrest as follows: ' h'? lglihIlh.ovoiCuoud JosrrrI 'Buowa¢ hi'.:,., as,' , PF,?Ni Doctor o Of '." DtvlUit~f': 'b', '])lnliic" pertmsslen 'Lrdrd. is~i6p of Ni'eitstle. '"', t' "ight eoverbnd Father in GIod,-W6, the olorgy andl Ility of the Diooose. f Nowcastlo,,. dosroe in all duty and loyalh to bhi"y 6? al hearty welcome to yogr 's' w,6'W b 0rl ccl '"in reclhu g.yoir'aud; Mrs, e r'ot i a'ii?no~ . usk and ,yo''odonisH the r .idii'otsii?oirldeii, of tlb will of God, 'ihl l.fii' nanswevorlt buroi?rpayers has soet :.you. t6,ho our heof:liSator. :. ..... .., "• W.te lthinka the a,.goodness' of the l"m·hnighty,"' wlhiolh' haln s preservoedl you on your"vayago; and g 'iled youu'In safety tb, S.thth 'on'ititry anid: we 'piay'th't thio Rnam over-ruling Poweor!nma, still be with yeoi in your care of those over whom the Holy "Ghost' hlasmlnda your ovcrse"r. : ....'.: Wd dlo not ilsh to oonoeal'from our "''?6lvoA" the 'hiiu"intlon'and litaiurs' voiy. "1iwore hioidi'ta toa "Blahops 'oftloo, and "iiit lorihstin' ioch a ])ioojso'ais this, con.or paritilvely., small 'thougli it "bo among colonial Dibddss;. liilt ?wo bollovo that they ?,wvll be llghtonod to you 'by tlhe oliurful anli zealous co-operation of rtll nmoenliirs of our Ohuroh throughlout the ioioose, amd:itb l:our hearty desire and purpose to do all that In us lies, nuder yonr guildand and ovorsight, to protnmoto ,the glory of Godi the good of souls, and. '!thuin xtosldon of Ohrlst's kingdom. . We Iknow how great and important a wolk it Is which 'tlo Churoch is callod to 'Id lih't:i 'io herdorfs This work onur iate rowv?m aMidl wolllovdl BisLhop bogan; Sto it hie devated all hli lifo aid moansn, ",lanld wo.tllnt you .may be spared for many ,y'oars to 'arry 'that samo work forwar . --dir·teold by.thq P.vino wid0om, hiehlode "'liy' mtleDIViud protobction, nd cheeoared and ?i"ustiuli?ol by the Ilvinli love,. '"With thin exprossloii of our duty andi althtrou to yotrself,' amnd with' the bolioe that; yourla'oneoH'ninll]bhoturs in God's sor, vlinc v will lbe llghtobned by her who hIrla •eotii to slliaro those onaros and labours withiyou, and with the iasslranoce tliat bii?' prayersi on':oybi behalf shall be coonstali'tlS' oiffelid'td Oi?iFiithlier in Heivaeii. "We ?remain, your-;Lordship's faithful serviints in'Christ'Jesus' Our Lord." · , [Here. follow, signatures.].... . Mr. HuNwGERoio oremarked that, as ,L member of the Church of England and ao colonist, he felt himself aitting merely as the mouthpiece of the laity, and could 'only wish tlihat the present Bishop might be spared to live as long and do as mtuch good as his revered predecessor. .?o hand wrought in this colony, to his own knowledge, against didficulties almost superhuman, and had' overcome them, and had estab lished a system the means of stirring lay members to their duty in support ing the' church of Christ in this as well as in thleneiglhbouringecolonies. (Hear, hcear.) A work had been set in motion, which they fully believecd Bishop Pearson would be able to follow, and ho was cert'ainly gladl to hear pointed' out the difliculties incident to taking up the. running of such' a bishop, and loooked with a bright view to the future. He alludpd to the principle of Synodical action brought about by Bishop Tyrrell (Loud 'applaus'e), itud spoke of its happy .results, is toeliding more to unite the churches, than any thing that h1Id ever before been at tempted. Tho'~ov. Canon SELWYs said he felt 'this was a most important occa sion, one of, great interost ,to the diocese at 'large, and tlihey had seized thei occasion of present ing to .their new Bishop an address, expresive of gladness at his safe arrival among them, and tihe hope t;haht he would long be spared to carry out the work of the diocese. But he nowb canme' forward on behalf of the tlhroe parishes of Newcastle to presoent an address, and say a' word of wel come. There was "n0 doubt that wherever he went through the diocese, the parishioners of the new Bishop would seize the opportunity of ex. pressing their 'volcome and con fidence that they would be gladly and wisely governed by him. The New castle parishes would have failed in their duty if it had not spoken their welcome. They felt that they should speak as churchmon, and in present ing the address, he hopec and felt sure it would be accepted by the Bishop in tihe spirit in which it was offered. He 'then 'read the address as follows: " To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Newcastle: " Right Reverend Father in God--WVe, the Iuounibonts and Parishioners of the three parishes of Newcastle - Christ Church, St.' John's, and St. Jamos' desire to takeo this opportunity of expres. sing to.you our cordial welcome to this the cathedral oity of your diocese, in addition to the genoral welcome from the diodeseo just'now given to you. . "We fool sure thatyou must have made many sacSifices in responding to the call hiddressoed to you, to come over and hblp us; and we venturo to hopB that our heart felt expressions of affectionato welcomo on your firset landing in our oity, and tlie aseurnmnn tant, weo shenlern all tilrnrs bn p a to secont your lefforts to tie best of our:ability, may have spmd componsa. ting value. " We are looking to to o'to help us to wipe away the reproach- -[The 'tET?nO. roLI~~AN: '" Hear, ' hear "I-whiohli, no doubt, you 'will' have alreaoddy folt, lies heavily on us, as 'egards the' 'ohutioli in wlioh you ln have this day been installed."' " Our late Diooosan. devoted his atton. tion to other objeots, which he considered :to be of'primrirjr importanoce, anid' loft tb his successor this great work.' "Your 'Lordship's advent,.: we firmly bolievo, will impart a strong impetus to this, and ovdry other good work; and we confidently anticipate that at no distant period you and we shaill have .the happi. noess of beholding a noble cathoedral, orovwn ing one of the finest sites in the world, in which Bishliop, olergy, and laity'ma~' unite to worship God in theobeauty dof holiness, ' ' '..,. "We can.' assure yoiu. that churohmon lhero are waiting to be led, by you, in every work of faith and labour of love, and thero is nthling: whloh they' more desire tlhrin 'to lihavo your Loidsliip frFo. quently coming amongst ,them' to tell them what they ought tbo do, '-At all times we shall makeo it our :earnest ondoei vour to obey with a glad: mind and 'will your..Godly admbnltions, for we know that o'such obodiouo is not; only honorable end duo. to you, but dup alsli to ourselv.es and to God,, ', '',Assurlng you that it .will be lour on-i. stant prayer that, in the exerciso of your' oiooe as our Bishop, you may be endueod witli'power from on high to food the "Church , of God, y oveis whcfh the' Holy Gehost 'lhath"'iadb;o yotu ovrsoor'e o sulb. sorlbo bursolith 'yoir fiiltlhfil' sebrvanti :and.brothre n in Christ Jesus" . After roadihg" th adidross, Canon Selwyn' said, that: all .gatherings like the present weore rogarded, as merely fotiSrl, .th fid me?tlt nothlig, :b'it he onfiiddered tihe piresoent gatheiring moant 'a great deal, : 'The': gathor. ings of thile previous day, the servioo that modning, ,the social gdther. ing, that afteornoon, andktho mooting then assembled, was calculated to havo :. great influonoo foi good',, ,Ey'i'y oine had some :good in them, and: snobuch mooeetings helped to briigB oit 'teo gopd thely posseossd; ' What: oid'lb'.b';more right than for them: to h'?'semble takel common counsol, and 'hearwmivoids of onoourageomont.? Muchu lind'b'oin' said about their oathodral, biiu'lie hoed yet they' would have sucnoh 'a;:'building as would be worthy. of tho siOhuroh of Englaid and' thoi':fbish'op, and he hopod with God's blessiig thliat the bislop would malts the' question odf oroeating a now cathedral bls first work, If they all took it up and worked to. gotheor it would be done, and before many years they would lihavo suach a building amongst theom, Ho said that nothing would givo. him greator hap pinoss in futuro than to seeo theoir bishop and hIis wife coming amongst thom to stir them up, and ?lvo 'them word of oncouragomeont inp?yr, y good ?'ork, ,They had now ia flnw state of thumgs, Clroumstancos 'lhi'thel past wore sucah that thlby could not soonmuoh onf thiol,' biJibl,' tthoe dlooio. .was s6 largo, and hle could only pay, tlihoi' h' offlolal 'visits, . In fito' le Ihad so muche work in other. parts of the. aiocese;that' hlie froquentlyj saidlio:imust leaventlio work of building the cathedral to his successor ?l 3is time hadibeen devoted to other works which he had put in, sucihan i xceii llent train. In conclud ing,. he-said .he..presented the address as an: oexpression of kindly feeling to' their new bishop, and hoped to be ldd' by him in everygood work in which lie' would lead them. " The Bisno' opF" .NEWASTLE, in replying, said'..that he reiemblered a friend of his coming home to Englarid from a' visit to Canada, ahdi his repoirt was that he ,fouind the' people there more' English than in England- (laughter)-so hearty, so hospitable, so kind in every way to a strangei ; and he thought he would' have been ablo to bring back an equally satisfac tory report had his' steps beeni turned to Australi" 'iti "'liou of Canabida. (Applause.) He spoke frohmthe 'very bottom of his :heart when thanking them for the kind welhome given to his' wife.. and..- himself . Although. strangers,, and not,.mueh more;.thanaia day amongst them, they wore, lie believed', itranigerbs no longer. (Loidl and irpeatded cheoring.)" 'If theo.y looked bhrck upon the church hiit'6or of Austri lia(he wasnodb goiiig to boso impertinent is to give a lecture on that topid), there were one o 'two factsfrom which they might take courage for the future. Abouti the. year 18209; the' first. Arch deacon was appointed in. Australia.' At that time, history tells them, there were some 60,000 .English .people scattered civer the island country, and barely twelve clergy to minister to their spiritual wants. About "seven years after that, the predecessor: of their. Metropolitan was raised from thlie ranik of Archdeacon .to ,Bishop, a?nd the description given fiy him of the country wouild fornm a stilitng contiast tb w~it, was seen and road of to day. There wore whole 'counties . withodit a; church or, . clergyman, and so on; an'd 'no adequate provision at all: made for the population then fast increasing. But now, thanks to good guidance, and. the blessing of God, they had in a manner trans 'planted the Eiglish ,' Church to those Southern shores. (Hear, hoar). The diocese "of 'Newcastle then'was about five times .the.size of the .whole of Great Britain I and he assured them that in' looking back. upon the life ,of his predecessor, he 'felt almost apalled to think of the work he went through, and the self- donying" labours to which he devoted himself from year to .year. (Hear, heoar.) : Eeferonoe had been made to the kind of provision he made for the diocese', .and what he had done., The , iaturo : of that pro visionr , ado had struck him very much. It seenied to show a strong undd'laudallo preference for thile sib stantialtoltheshowy. (Applause.) New castle did notpossessa grand Cathodral, it was trueo; yet he was told thattleoro was ,no little town i or village iwithouit its chuieoh of somn nrb :'.(HiE ar, hoar.) He found ,firomn roports that Bishop .Tynoll was most anxious to proido peormanently for tho suppbrtiof pastors and .teachers int all pats, and tlhis effort to provide for the prsiiannrit wants of fthe o diocese wore doserving of ?ill credit, in that he hid loolt ked at what: iore the"'real wants of the diocese, and not 'alonii at whilt would make : a piettty. ploture. ,At the same time he gquito agrreed that th time Oihad artived for., biildin~ a -oathedral. (Hear, honar)'; Foi' one reason lie: would almost rogrote its edootion at predsont-in.its possies: sion of the prosont one tlhe diodese seemed unique. (Laughter and iap' plauseo,) o had soon many churohois in his time, but none like thall??. (Renowed laughter.) :In speaking of a cathedial he did not spakl of a build ing that would be merely a handsome strudtur'e .and tin orniii?ont to th, town. Heo lookod upon a aonthodral a something r'moro-- somolthing th?lt :ought1 .to. bJdk c?ittbo of'. iirahitlih iind lifo to. the vhliol:didi'oes.'i (Ailplause.:) If hoe thdughit?t hiii advocating?'thip he was ?'iiluriang' even the io?st rermotO paiish oidr aiiiiig 1e jioioh l to .think ' lot a, mateial ..i..strno 'tro when they ihoubild hb6'build' ing p...up... a .living temple- by...woi'i* in the nSundaiy School, or day school, or any other ]iuid of hbnost Christiaie oeffort, thetli he wduld have' nothing more to do wiith ,t (Hoar, heoar) Buut, on the en6riay,'.h thought thit a cathodrcrW,.itlifits. i surroundings could prove :caigreait tbenefit, not simply to Newatl6ale btit to beveri'y arish in the antiiodiobose. (Applause.). Firdt of alllit'wcs very important that the Bishop--and oespooially one comink from anothor lind,.and straunge to the nooossitios' of the dioooso--should have around him faithful oounsollors. Theseo counsellors of the Bishop wore aooustomued to be tormed the "oDean and Chaptor," but lhe thought they wjould bo' much nearer the original intention of it if they spoke of the " Bishop and Chaptor," (HIear, hoear)., Again; a oathedral shotlld, in a certain manner, sot a typo of worship for the ohurelhos of the dioooesoe. (Hear, hear). No doubt it wats diffloult for his brethreon of the olorgy to bring up tholr . ritual to that standard they would desiro (in such points as the singng, oo,, he meant), and it was doious tlia e they hold got advieo in such respects from the cathedral of the dioooseo, (lear, hoar)., With regard to. lay reidorls .,also, mich good might acorno 'from thoeir attending the servioes and acquirug instructhon, or listening to addresseo from some of tile oldier olorgy, thus going back to their work withll ranewed nouargy. One point in particular, and tu o it he desired ppn . toeular refoion b: porhath,? it might not commoand i-itself to.the priilsh just now, but iif a bithiedrl.t li brooted theo munmt look ,forwe rd'~ .to.hnIm i,yg i ~?f'ro end opn 'to all omers al (oud anrl coictlnuod ceoors,) Theoy muat pay thoe'price'of that little discomfort, if it could; be so called, by giving up someI little 16lal '?privillges and hiave the proud satisfaction of seeing, such a, noble buildingin their midSt.; (Ap plause.) lHe alluded,' amongstothers, to the benefits that sailors -i" othber visitoirs "iight derive whilst iii the ''dity 'frbm being a'ble and ,welcoim to'~ljdin 'in'the services, andid prophesied g?ieiit bl'essings from' tihe. contemplated;' biildirig: and its ad juncts?" Cafinbn. Solwyn had: 'spoken rather' as ifhe (the Bishop) wvould have the building of the Catlhedral Well, hie wished he was in a positibn'to adcept the duty. (Hear, hear.) He t?nsted they would- notsluite forget the little hints received, but would (es pecially, the im'ore wvealthy memboers of theo lait~,)act upon them whilst they remained tolerably warm aind fresh. (Hear, hear.) He would ehdeavour to' -follow, as .far as possible, in tho steps of their first B3ishop. Of course, t?ivo 'imen could not be 'expocted. to see things, alikeo; but hle hoped that on any point on.which tlhey might differ, they would differ pleasantly. (Hear, hear.) He: especially thanked the elder clergy, with whom'lhe had beoon already brought into contact, for their kind ness.". He hhad 'received from all since his arrival-nothing but kindness and assistance, and heartily reckoned upon further co-operation in the future. (Hear, hear.) . Referring to the pre sentation about to" be made to Arch deacon Child, he added his tiibute to the acknowledgments of lkindnesses received 'from' him, and concluded by once more returning his sincere and hearotfelt thanks. (Loud cheers;) OANON SELWYN then presented an address to the Vicar-Goneral, and in doing so said'thlat he was called uiponi as .the oldest clergyman, under tile Vicar- General to present this address, andho gladly accopted it. He feltwhat wais worded in it to.be exactly true, it expressdd the earnest thoughts of all his .brothron of the clergy, who had been under his care during the past twelvo months; they owed the ad dress to him as a duty for his earnest ness and assiduity in carrying on the groat work entrusted to him. In fill ing. the. bishop's .place, the Vicar General lhad pdrformed an extra ordinary amount of work. It had entailed' upon him an enormous aimountof correspoidence and thought, which hlie had carried out in the most adtiirible manner. Ho then roead the address as follows:- 'tlo the Venerable COLES CHILD, B.A,, Archdeacon of Newcastle, Vicar. .Gendral and Administrator of the Diocese during the first vacancy of thie Soee. " While we have been engagod in offer. uing our welcome and oongratulations to tho Bishop of Newcastle on his arrival in his Diocese, we ae not unmindful' of the anxious duties whioih have incessantly occupied your attetntion during the vacancy of tho See. ' '.Woe desiro to. assure you that we reoogiio'with' lbrothrly rogard and approe ciatiion the patience, zeal,' aud untiring nssiduity with which you have discharged the ofiorous duties portaining to your offioc of. Vicar Genoral and Administrator of the Diocese, and we feel that in their poerform. aice you havo been. actuated by..a con soiontiois desire to advance the oglory of God, arnd" the welfare of your, bolovod Church, . '' In'tlie exorcise of your functions as Arcbdoacon we trust that you will bb guided by: the Divinie wisdom and love, and that all your: efforts will tend to our still furtlor ediflcation ; and praying that .yo may bl long .sppaed to continuo your useful labou'rs among us, we subsoribe our solves youi' faithfl'brothreon in Christ,." Mr.' R.; To.?'Ilob~;sNsa i hioe had groat ploiasure in ,addinghis few words of testimony to thlo assiduous labour and usefulness of their vonorable and vonorated Archdedi'oni, I Whoa'holding. the pbsitioh" of Vicar.Goeioral during .thoe inter ieuliun betwoon the. death of their Into Bishop and the present, time, fower porsons h'ad; ioiro opportunity 'than liiisolf'of khowing tlhe great care and assiduity theo' Vioar-Gonoril had displayed in fulfilling the duties of his important office.' ' As the solicitor'for' tho estate of theo late lamonted Bishop, ho know'woll the groat dilficulties the Vioar-Goeneral Ihadi, to oontend with- lis whole miiid anid soul woro"' in"tlth good work, and at many times, he felt thit ho was; siniling' idoer thodpred'sso' 'ofit,' biit 'things worioe now in a boitter state, and ho-folt"assured "thloird'owi Bishoip woulld nriovh'avei'olvoy. groat difloulty 'ii 'oarryi on'the work;' "''It was with much pleasure:ho"(addeo lials mood:, of praiso tb 'liat had, boo ,.so i;oll 'said h by: Oaibni olwyn'"bof tholi rospootod.Vior.Gonor. , The Rev., .;OoL.; ,. Omint, Vicar. General, initurming':thankls, i , ioireod' to tlhe groafnclrislstilTo lioeiliad !do'ivod' in his:worklfrom tho: eloirgy.:auidlaity,: Had it not boon-for, that it would haveo booe imp sbsiblo for"'himito hdve goiioe through ',it,.',Ho'folf?thore wo6ra'?mtny imnoerfootioria,',l andl'• in may hinrb" and thoio have givyonioff'enoe to someo and, as ,,isi'.iHid,; trid: ,poi the liihdols.of ano)tldr. ',Ho lihad hada roeat amount of worik l inid: dorispoidonoo n to go throughl. 'iHo hiid ailso ito fill up flvo nr six, o'ni'd in' various wnays. Iis Lotdlalhiipion his iright :linow thlo diffl onlty. .tliiheo w.:as .in filling. up vacant ournas. .-Io; truHtod ftheoy would as far an thoy pould ovorlook his impoerfoo. tions, Ho wonld'ii 'fiitai'o' roadily ftill i. nll duliids ontnotd y to tohiim by thpir now bislholp, ai long :as ,his l ifo wias stpriod.,' ,Yhlt "'ho hid'dolbnbo': dutiiig th.d 'plsb':.tvolvo 'inontlia 'wiisbut his dnty-wlhtl alny, maln plnooti in"'li'i8' position would halvo dono.: A';good deal had booa said abobt'tiho,.nt.bof: 1a cathlodil ; thlir now'Blshobp did niit conoaylthlonuti?l knowlodge of, it want., If ?hiy' id'di"ot as .yi6? t oiiliodral, it must hbn,,y unuity of 'purppo's,, 'a oy iunli'.bioiio'lihoiamolvi 'to work, give up all'plan) u''of ,,theo'a st'' db' Ite tinoroughly atil?: oirily, nid sbnil. a house worltlnh of God, tholir Bishllop, panrlul, aind diouoso. A funid thllat was collected'fdi* their lateBislfijiii i the twenty-fifth yehr 6f:hiti epi6pa~nt was' availabl;e, aid could be devoted to the purposo'; it hmounted to £500. Thore wvero now, towent5;-iiifi:ficlergy in the dioceso;.:only four of whom were absent f~lim'theo installation that day. ea was glad tbo .soe the o:ther twenty-five "pi'esent it thelio sor vice. Theri were parisihes lthat now needed clergymen' - Mianining iver, Copeland, , and 6thllr .plac6s. They had the men,' but not tlihe moans; they had now reachd the oxtent of their income. The General Fund?l w6uld have to be added to, they would; lihave to put their hands in their pockbts and contribute to it, they must in-i orease thelir means if they would have the work go on in ;their:. dioceso.: Other matters required attending to, viz. the better training of the clergy, and a better method of giving religious instruction in Public Schools. All these things their new Bishop would, no doubt take up in turn, tlhey must be like the proverbial bundle of sticks -united together, and they would overcome alldifliculties. They must: co-operate with their Bishop; not only mentally and spiritually, but also with their means. He; himself, with the blcssing of God would do his duty under him to the hobest of his power. The Reov. 'Canon WIITE moved a vote of thanks to the Metropolitan for his presence, and the assistance he had given in the ceromonies of receiving: the new Bishop, alluding thankfully, to tho sermon preached by his Lordship that morning. He paid a touching tribute of respect to the late Bishop Tyrrell, from long personal acquain-. tanceship, and in cordially moving theo vote alluded to Mrs. Barker also. (Applause). The METRaoOLTAN, in reply, said he had boon very much struck on one or two occasions recently with the fact that in' this country, as at homo, people were.much more in the habit of speak ing of duty than of honour or glory. The Englishman's neighbours, the 'Fren6h, were ever speaking of" lionour and glory," but it was pleasing to see an Englishman looking to the duty he had to perform, and. considering the best way of doing it. He augured well for 'future ,successes under such circumstances, when bishop, clergy, and laity alike were resolvoed *'to do their duty." As to the cathedral, there was an old saying, " If you want a thing done do it your self." He did not think the coal mine belonging to the dioceso would build it; on the other hand, he believed that if they had felt, fifteen years ago, that there was not the snmallest prospect of the mine over becoming ripe, or being ablo to effoct the work, so much the bettor would it have boon for til prospects of seeing a new cathedral in Newcastle; and' that had it boon deluged with water, sot on fire, or otherwise disposed 'of, probably the 'edifice would now have. been built. An enidowment was a very good thing sometimes ; still, when it was sup. posed that there was an inexhaustible fund which may be got at some time, and in some'way, pooplq wore very apt to button up their pockets when aisked for', support, and say , Go to the coal mine." (Laughter.) l iot theim forget everything about lthat coal mine, and begin for themselves at once and biiild the Olathodral. His Lordship, in a humourous vein, pro. ceeded to advocate. the 'collection ' of subscriptions, pointing out that it was doubtful whether, as a matter of fact, the diocese had a right' to any more than tho; interost " nocrnoing from tho'mino in queotion ' and wore not entitled, to the *'capital ,per .se Ho disclaimed, crodit for having per fornmed aniy partioular serviops beyond such 'as in duty boud'lio he was com polled;, to pperform, and felt . an oarnest , pleasure in doiniig, and also' 'ongratulated;, thoe now' Bishop upon his 'happipess in having Mrs...,, Peoarson; : with him. In conclusion, li" hoped mid trusted that .the ohtrdiiater of. the o huroh of Efig land would be fully .maintainod under Bishop Pearson, both by olergy and .lity., What h moeant by the Ohurch 6f Englanud was, iiin 'voery few words, this' A Protestant Reformed Ohuroh I (Loiud "ande/rontiundd eOhooirs listinig -or'some minimut'es).' Tho' lato bishop was- an-ideal-of-a olass of olorgymon oxisttng ,in, 'ngland.inhis time, men of likIt olhraiatoir.to wlioni'ro doubtless tbo, found at:tlh prosont timo. HI-Io was a soun8 d 'Protestant, a warm lover of theo:ohurc6ih, nd :possessimg "'no sym. pathy with what was oallod advanooed 'itiil '; tholiforeo he (the Motropolitan) hoppdi: that the ,olorgy. propont would second,thooefforts.of thoip now Bishop, aind maiitain thi it'jnst proportion aind' middlo? 'oo n 9" hvlii'the'1 ohr"i'of Englaindl had ovor hold otwooi' tliohe Ohuibh of Rome on: thl one o iind, ind non-ounformmity, with the C Ohuroh of England ; oi the other. Thosli '.woro his bbsi wisho', and he ondooniorieo r turneod his incero thalnks;', (Loid ap. plauso.) ... The Rok W W,: ILsoN 'thlaon' pmoosod a voto of thankas to' tho laity for their co-operatioi in ,the roooption of the Blshop and' othlr ooromonieos, :HIowas plonased kto se tho isistiiatiio If ai?y'i.y lhd givon thorn; anild "in coniluiiiing a Ieagrhyadl roa id ho hoped tho wholo dioooso ,would most oarnostly oo-operato wivlth the Bishop in.'hli& fntwr6 .vork,. Theo Rovi Todru irkw seooonlided, in.ua briof buti oloquqoent au sympathotioI apooch, .:,Mr. 'T, B, CoT · on ropliod, iand in tho,,ouidio of his romarks oxpeossod a wlliinginossto iontriiluteo.one hundroe( guiinos towai~ d the' buidlig. Il'nd of; u iiow CGatho'ial; ian ofl'or whlih was ( rooived with goarat applasieo ·., . A voto of thanks to: tho looeoian i Comqni tt ospooi ny:,iroforring to tho Hlon, oarotarios thoe Rov. J. Dixon and ,Mr. ,. ]). Portiw was warrni!y accorded, on the motion of the Rev. MIr. Yarrington and replied to by both tho gentlemon named. Tho procoodings, which weoro of a most cordial naturo throughount, woro brought to a close by the singing of tho Evoning H-ymn, and the Bone diction, pronounced by the Bishop of Newcastle. i Tho addrossos, it mny bo montioned, woro allifrom tho well-known firm of Mr." Johlnr ,Sauds, Georgo-street, i Sydnovy, aid weor of a most oelaborato and beautiful chamractor; being engrossed in gold and colours in a stylo soldom oqunalled. . 