Concerning Ghosts. Conversation has been busy with your "Ghost Story of To-day" (April 17), and it is rather surprising that no one of the many yet believers in ghosts should have controverted the materialistic attempts to efface its supernatural character. It would seem that, while unbelievers think the matter to be too obviously natural to be worth consideration, those among believers who are ashamed to cling openly to an unfashionable superstition are an increasing class. Dr. Jessop says he saw an apparition. What Dr. Jessop says is true—he saw it. To suppose that a grave and learned doctor would elaborate a hoax would be to push incredulity to the verge of absurdity—more especially as the only real ground of astonishment in the matter is that the doctor should have made this experience of his public without himself supplying its explanation; his learning ¡s clearly not of that kind which con- duces to the psychological gnothi scauton. The silence with which your reprint of his letter has been received by your readers would not have been broken by the present writer had it not been for the title under which it appears. In spite of the explanations appended, and of the absence from Dr. Jessop's letter of all indication that he himself regarded the vision as that of a "ghost," or believes in the existence (rather I, should say in the power of "ghosts" to render themselves sensible), numbers will insist that it was a ghost which was seen by him, for have not generations of ghosts been seen? Is it not a fact that upon these and such like testimonies of the eyesight is founded the current belief in an unsubstantial moiety of the human constitu- tion continuing to exist, and capable of affecting material bodies, after the cessation of that parti- cular machine which once it actuated ? That some thing or things called "ghosts," in the sense of immaterial entities once human, have been seen, and that frequently, there should be no doubt; it is the scepticism of ignorance which pronounces all ghost stories to be of two classes, accounts of miracles or—lies. Nor does it show much more reflection to say that, granting some few ghost-seers to have been honest, all were utterly mistaken; they did not see any- thing in reality—they only thought they saw something—or seeing something translated it imaginatively into the presentment of what a ghost should or might be. What is thought to be seen is seen, for the act of seeing is a thought act, a perception, independent of the reality of the object perceived; to see truly and truly to see are two very different things. Dr. Jessop's narration will do even better service in manifest- ing this than in showing, as it also does, that the imaginative conversion of external objects into ghostly apparitions is not always to be accepted as a sufficient explanation of the phenomena ob- served. In his case there seems to have been nothing external on which his fancy could have played. Doubtless, therefore, the English psy- chologists, desirous that their researches should enter into the common current of intelligence, gladly seized so fair an opportunity of pointing out the true source of such superstitions, and so disabusing all minds that can be disabused of a disturbing and degrading fallacy. The explana- tion of this (and may I add of all visions) is not one invented for the occasion, it has long been accepted by the thinkers whose speciality is the science of the mind; to them the phenomenon in question arises from sources purely subjective. There appear to be at least four distinct states of the mind, conditions of cerebration, in which subjective apparitions may and do occur—the semi-somnolent, the expectant, the morbid, and the ecstatic—two or more of these frequently merging into or supervening upon each other. The apparitions of the semi-somnolent state, in which the sense of ocular vision seems alone, of all the senses to be in complete abeyance, con- stitute dreams. Those of the expectant state, spirit-rapping and (partially) clairvoyant illusions —where these are not mere juggling effects. Those of the morbid, delirious, maniacal, and death-bed hallucinations. Those of the ecstatic, in which from cerebral irritability the imagina- tive faculty is able to overpower the judgment debilitated by long concentration of the thoughts upon certain sets of ideas ; the visions of the seer, the prophet, and fanatics generally—or, weakened by minor abnormal influences on the nerve centres, such as those which arise from distur- bances of the digestive functions, the apparitions which may occur in minds ordinarily judicious, as possibly in the case of Dr. Jessop. In dreams and in disease no one will doubt that the visions are merely representations to the consciousness of ideas already within the unconscious substance of the brain. The ocular medium of its images is in dreams inert, in disease without objects visible to others. As to the results of the expec- tant state of cerebration, it must suffice to refer to Dr. Carpenter's Physiology. Ecstatic spirit seers, and credulous ghost seers generally claim that their visions are objective, but, if we con sider the probabilities on both sides, a decision against their claim is almost inevitable. It is known that the optic lobes have the faculty of presenting to the consciousness pre-existing ideas, simple or complex, with more or loss vividness; in other words, of being sensitive to ideal im- pressions. The presence before the retina of the objects originally photographed upon it is not necessary to this inner vision; nay, the ideas of such objects may never have been so formed in the optic tract, but have been communicated to it indirectly by lingual or figurative signs. Thus far we know. But we know nothing of spirits, or ghosts, except through the medium of the part of the brain possessing this faculty; they do not at least evidence their existence through that sense which is the prime educator and constant corrector of the sense of vision- the touch. The most probable, therefore, though not the neces- sary, conclusion is that apparitions of all kinds are not the effects of rays of light projected through the lens upon the retina from surfaces external to the eye (if immaterial entities have surfaces), but are ideal subjects of internal visual action. In cases wherein visions are seen with the eyes functionally open it becomes an interest- ing question how far along the optic nerve, the subjective impression may extend; whether it is ever so intense in its vibrations as to produce "an image upon the retina itself, whence it may very possibly be re-communicated to the brain. The vividness which occasionally characterises these apparitions seems to suggest that some reciprocal action may take place; but it is a question which can be solved by experiment only. THICKTHORN. * Originally the word ghost (ghaist, Scot.; geist, Ger.) meant nothing more than " breath, air, wind (gust)." Its root is that of the Latin hauntus, and it is a contraction of ge-haus-et, "the breath-ed." To this same idea the Greek applied another root in psyche, contracted from pe-such-e, "the be-suck-ed." Similarly the Latin animus, mind and anima, soul, are the Greek anemos, wind, and psiritus is from spiro, "I breathe." 