THE NOVELIST. QUEEN COPHETUA. Bx B. E. FEAKOIC.LON. CHAPTER IX. Balthazar— How! Thou art Conrad—and thou know'st not me 2 Conrad—Not I! Balthasar— Not know Balthasar? Conrad— Him? Right well I know Balthasar ? Hast thou news of him ? Balthasar—Look on Balthasar, Caspar—it is I! Conrad—Balthasar!—Thou!—Thou'rtjesting. Were it he, Then were I changed: and no whit changed am I, If I be changed not wholly .... Thou art he? Then hath the God of Blindness given me eyes To read in thine a soul I never saw, And not Balthasar's. Whosoe'er thou art, I do not know thee. Hence, or be my foe. Most assuredly it was not an easy thing for Victor Waldron to make up his mind what to do with Coplcston in a single day. Tet, if there was one thing he hated more than another, it was indecision; and his favourite scorn was for the man who cannot make up his mind what to do under any given circumstances within any given time. There were many strata of feeling in him. Uppermost of all came his conscious ness that a most unhappy combination of cir cumstances made him look like a mean traitor in the eyes of a girl whom, to say the least of it, be knew well enough now that he cared for ten times more at a second sight than he had ever before cared for any woman at a hundredth. Herstorminess alone suited him; and it gave him a wider and deeper insight into her natnre than a hundred peaceful interviews in the belfry could ever have done. Next to this was his man's shame at having the direction of matters taken out of his own hands. Instead of playing football with fortune, fortune had been playing football with him—his reBolve to give up his dream of being Waldron of Oopleston had been the signal to deliver the place into his hands. And what a signal—the death of one whom his experience ef Hillswick talk had made him more than respect, and the unlooked-for legal accident of an intestacy. Next bolow was the sense of having, though against his owb will, committed an actual most cruel wrong—towards strangers it would have been bad enough; but, to Helen! Then—much lower—came a very inconsistent thing; he did not believe in Fate; but had not the finger of Providence itself been at work in all this seeming chance in preventing his perverse will from standing in the way of righting an old wrong, and in restoring one who, apart from the dead man's intestacy, was still the just if not the lawful owner, to his own? Copleston had, after all, been the dream of his boyhood, ever since he had heard from his father the story of his father's father; and even under the crushing hand of love, such dreams die hard. To what other end had all these things come ? Gideon Skull's secret knowledge, his own acquaintance with Gideon, and their joint and most unlikely presence at Hil'swick just when old Harry Reid died; that strange and almcst unaccountable affair ef the intestacy; Alan Reid's character; and, to crown ell, the sudden death of a strong man like Harry Reid just in the nick of time, were all separate and unconnected accidents working together to one obvious end. PerhapB matters had in truth, and not merely in seeming, been taken out of his hands. Perhaps Alan Reid would have proved unworthy of a trust like Oopleston. Perhaps Victor Waldron had not only dreamed in those not far-off days when he justified his desire for Copleston by an ambition to make himself a missionary to the mother-country, and to show what could be done by a Republican Squire with American light in him, and the grandson of George Waldron the rebel. It might have been necessary, for so just and so great an end, that he should be saved by stronger hands than his own from the greater treason of falsehood to life and duty for the sake of leave to look intp a girl's eyes. Was be not bound to take Oople ston and to throw the responsibility on those wiser eyes and stronger hands? But then, below this, came the lowest depth of all. He knew that he loved Helen Reid as surely as he knew that she hated him. And therefore, though his conscious thoughts took every opportunity of accusing themselves of injustice, he did not forgive Gideon Skull. It was an old friendship—perhaps too long—for the history of all save married lives (and of some of these) is the history of divergence and of drifting apart until a tim" jsomes when the space between them is too wide for the bridge of friendship to join them without most perilous stretching. Certainly, Victor had never felt so little sympathy with Gideon as on the evening of the day when old Harry died, and when he had just, for the first time, seen Helen Reid. '"-The cynicism which had once been a pleasant salt had jarred on him; either something had gone out of his life, or something new had entered which did not agree with the old. So, by the time he was back-at the George, where, not to put too strong a strain en old Mr. Skull's hospitality, he was still staying, he was in about as complete a state of indecision as a man can be—so much so that hie ideas began to verge on the preposterous, if not on the impos sible. Love is more apt to play at jumping over the moon than he fancied when he accused him self of being more foolish than his fellows. His plans turned into romances, and his romances almcst into plans. How would it be if he were to turn to account a slight turn he had for play acting by following the Reids to LondoD, dis guising himself, changing his tailor, and making court to Helen under another name? The noticn was absurd enough to amuse him, while he followed it out to the end, and built castles upon it just as though it were by no means absurd. Or suppose he were to go abroad, and let the Reids hear that he was dead ? But he did not follow out that romance very far, seeing that it would bring him no nearer Helen. He grew half vexed with himself for castle-building about what could not be done, instead of seriously and decisively setting himself to think out what could be done and ought to be done; but all the same castles went on building; for they had a eort of sweetness in their very vanity which was new to his taste, and the same lady lived in tbem all—and, since he could not even build for even a cottage of earth, he might least spend one hour in building her castles of air. Strange, it seemed to him, that his thoughts and dreams of Helen Reid took no part of their character from their scorn. I think that when a flower first puts its head out into the world, whether out of heart or meadow, it finds its first draught of air sweet; though the wind be blowing from the north-eaBt and be sharp with snow, the flower would not go back into the earth again though it knows that it will be frozen dead in an hour. And the shorter its hour muBt be, the more freely it may spread out its fancies and dream out its dreams. One may live out ten lives in an honr if we will, and find them at least as sweet as if they were true. So Victor Waldron let things slide for at least an hour, and sending thought to where he had so often of late been sending Gideon Skull, lived ell sorts of won derful and impossible lives, and knew them to be impossible all the while. Most assuredly he was not the best pleased to be called back to that part of earth called Oopleston by Gideon Skull. " I thought I should have found you in the steeple," said the latter; " bat Old Grimes told me you'd left hoars ago. IVell ?" "Well?" " I mean, are yon really off to-night ?" " Tea. I shall call and see your uncle and the ladies before I go. I shall go and see some lawyer up in town." The difference between them made itself felt in the air of both, but much more strongly in Victor's than in Gideon's. Gideon's was rather the air of one who feels himself compelled—he knows not why—to accept a difference which he does not share; there was none of Waldron's bitterness in his words or tone. " If yon want a lawyer," said he, " go to" " No. I'll go to one of my own finding." " Perhaps you're right, Waldron. You'll feel yourself all the more sure. But you may make yourself easy. There isn't a lawyer in England who won't tell you that a man's bastard can't he his heir-at-law." " Are yon speaking of Mr. Alan Reid ?" asked Victor quickly. "Who else?" I didn't make either the law or the dictionary. I'm hanged if I can make you out, Waldron, these last days. If I was half the cynic you call me, I should think you wanted to kick down your ladder. After all, it's the way of the world." " Don't talk any more of that truck. I'm sick of it. Come." « Where ?" " I'm a bad hand at sitting still. I must do something, even if it's nothing. I'm going to the Vicarage, to say good-bye to your aunts and your uncle." " Wait a bit.' I must have a bit of talk with you." " Well, you can have it after. You cau drive over with me to the station, if you like, or yon can talk while I'm strapping my valise. But I must leave your uncle's soon enough not to frighten your aunts with thinking that I want to be asked to take pot-luck; and it's near four now." " I'll go with you then," said Gideon. " Why didn't you tell me," he asked, as they left The George, " that you've been talking two hoars in the churchyard with Helen Reid ?" " For three reasons. Firstly, I didn't talk to Miss Reid; she talked to me. In the second place, because it was not for two honrs. In the third place, because if I had talked to her for four hours, it wouldn't have signified to another sonl. I've had more than enough these days of telling everybody everything." " I didn't suppose it was two hours, because I heard it from Miss Boult—so, of course one must divide it by ten. Say twelve minutes, then. Look here, Waldron. We've knocked about together a good bit—you and I. We've been chums, off and on, out west, when we've had plenty of money and nothing to eat; and down east, when we might have had plenty to eat if we'd only had any money. We've had our rough and our smooth water, and we've had onr quarrels too. That's like lots of men. But I've always said of you what I've never been able to say of any man alive—and that is that we've never done one single thing behind the other's back, and that whenever we've been the closest partners we've been the best friends; and" " That's so; and it's your having done some thing behind my back that's the matter with me now. I can't forgive that; so don't ask me. But here we are." The Rectory, of which, as well as of the parish, the Ourate was in charge, was much too large for him and his ways, and thus exagge rated his general character by redncing his occu pation of it to a sketch in outline of a tenancy. As it happened, the Misses Skull were out visiting, and Mr. Skull would not be in for half an-hour. So Gideon's talk was simply adjourned from the George to his uncle's library—not much to Victor's satisfaction, for he was in anything bnt a mood for Gideon. " You say I've done something behind your back ? And I say that you're not doing as you'd be done by. There's something between us, Waldron, that I don't understand. If it was anybody but you, I should know what to think, but I can't think it of an old chum like you, and I won't until I am obliged. Let's have it out, and make a clean breaBt of it, and have doue with it, like honest men that may have a bit of a misunderstanding where a girl's in the way, but know how to trust one another through thick and thiD." "Well. You know my quarrel. Go ahead. What's yours ?" " I don't know yonr quarrel. But I want to know if the firm's dissolved." " What firm ?" " Waldron and Skull." " Waldron and Skull ?" "Yes. If it isn't, I'll go through with it. If not—but it can't be. If you don't remember the name of the firm, I'll put it another way. I suppose you remember your first coming across me out in Texas - and how we got talking about my native land—confound her!—and how inte rested you were when you found I knew Hills wick and Copleston. Yes, and even the name of General George ? I'll tell you now, Waldron, that I liked you, and I do like you, for though we're old friends now, you've never done me so mnch as half an ill-turn; and from the minute I heard how your family were always clear that General George had never married Mistress Hannah, I felt we'd struck oil together. And you thought the same. I was the inventor; you were the patentee. We came over here. Wasittoget evidence that Oopleston was ours, or was it to flirt in churchyards ? Yes or no ?" " You're not goiDg the way to get over mis understandings, I can tell you," said Victor, flushing. " Yes; we did come over to look for evidence that Goplestone was—mine; and it failed." "I said 'ours,' Waldron. Remember what the organist said to the bellows-boy, and how the bellows-boy answered him. It's not like you to quibble, Waldron. Good God, if what you're driving me to snspect is true, I'll no more believe in a man's honour sgain than I do in a woman's. Don't quibble and split straws. Yes, that evi dence did fail; thanks to you—because you were afraid of a trumpery bit of paper. It wasn't yon, was it, who knew that little story of the first Mrs. Reid ? Who met her in Broadway? ! Who knew how to convince Alan Reid, late of Copleston, that he hadn't a legal leg to stand on?" " Thank God, it wasn't I! I no more under stand one word you're saying, Skull" " You admit my service, then. I was afraid —but no; I wasn't afraid. We've done the thing between us, and we've done it well. It hasn't cost six-and- eight pence to a lawyer. And now—what's my share ?" Victor could only stare at him amazed. It seemed 88 if the honeBt, loy.il, blundering Briton, Gideon Skull, had been spirited away, and that he was holding converse with some changeling of mature years from the land where nothing is what it seems, and where nothing that glitters is gold. And yet, even now, it was impossible, absolutely impossible, to look at Gideon Skull and take him for any other than the truest and honestest of men. His eyes met Victor's frankly; there was even sor rowful rebuke in them, as if disappointed that his question had been allowed to come from him instead of from Victor. And the look of rebuke deepened as Victor's silence continued, until a deep red flush began to creep over Gideon's cheeks and brow. "By God, WaldLon—if I didn't know you weren't like other men, I should believe yon were going to cheat me as man never cheated man before !" Waldron sprang to his feet. Bat Gideon did not stir. Unspeakable sorrow filled his voice as he spoke on. " Tell me it isn't true, man! Tell me you haven't been using me to do the work that was too nice for your kid gloves to meddle with, only to chuck me over like a worn-out tool that has done its work—don't let me think that of you. Of coarse it was quite right of you to leave those things to me; let every man keep to his own line. But—well, you were the first man I believed in; and j ou'll be the last, too. Do you mean to tell me, Victor Waldron, that you'd have swung me off no less if that strange chance hadn't made it needless for me to get rid of that register for you? Do you mean" " Gideon Skull! Do you mean that you— that you think me such an almighty scoundrel as to have meddled with a' " "Why, what else did you speak of it for? What eke made you so particular as to finding out what would buy Old Grimes? If you didn't do it yourself, why did you leave it to me ? One of us must have done it, I suppose. It isn't doing what's needful to get one's rights that makes a man .an almighty scoundrel, Waldron. That belongs to getting one's rights and not owning how. I got Oopleston for you, Victor Waldron; and you know as well as I that I can't unget it for you again. Yes, you've got me in your power. I trusted you so utterly, that I held nothing back; I didn't take one single precaution that I'd have taken against any other friend of mine. I've got you Cople ston without costing you a cent or making you do one single uncomfortable thing. I trusted you like my own self; I did for you as I thought you'd have done by me. . . . More fool I " You must be stark, staring, raving mad," said Victor; " or you must be making the worst joke Do you suppose that I mean to take advantage cf a mere legal flaw in a clear moral title by keeping Alan Beid out of Oopleston one single needless day? If I did that, call me scoundrel if you please!" " Do I suppose you mean to keep Oopleston ? Yes, I do. Do I suppose there's a man on earth who'd give up a place like that, worth thousands a year, if he could keep it ? No, I don't. Do I suppose Alan Beid would, if he'd had the ghost ol a leg to stand on ? No. Do I suppose you're a greater fool than Alan Beid ? Anything but that, anyhow. Do I suppose you talk that rot for the sake of cheating me ? Yes, I do. There's nothing else left to think now. , . . And I'd have trusted you. . . ." Nobody, unless he lost his temper, could have doubted the absolute sincerity with which Gideon Skull upbraided his former friend. No mere loss of expected booty could have imitated the pathetic dignity which a genuine sense of ingratitude, treachery, and the loss of a last illusion could alone confer. It was plain enough that, in his simple, straightgoicg mind, no man on earth ever had entertained, or did, or could, by any natural possibility entertain, single motive for action but his own profit or his own pleasure. If Gideon was speaking Greek to Victor, Victor was talking Carthaginian to Gideon. No; even now to charge him with dis honesty was absurd. And to be thus treated by a trusted friend—a friend from whose natural human treachery and selfishness he had been fool enough to neglect making himself secure. Yes—it was hard to bear. But Victor did not keep his temper; for him thingshadbecomeimpossibleto bear. Tobecalled cheat by a cheat was almost worse than Helen's scornful anger. What had he done that the opposite poles of the human world, Helen and Gideon, sheuld unite in scorn of him ?" _ " You are a scoundrel yourself," he cried out, " and" Gideon Skull neither raised his voice nor stirred. " You are a damned Yankee thief and liar," he said, as quietly as if he had only said, '■ It is a fine day." "Take that!" cried Waldron, sending the Curate's brass reading-lamp straight aud hard at Gideon's head; " and I only wish it was Oople ston !" Gideon had likely enough had things harder to miss sent at him in his time. He bent his head quietly; so that the lamp smashed on the door, and fell at the feet of its owner, the Eeve rend.Ohristopher, who was just coming into his quiet rcom to rest after his parish rounds. " Bless my soul!" said he. " I am sorry I only broke your lamp," said Victor, his temper arranging the order of his words, while he fancied he was making a suffi ciently polite apology to the clergyman. " I will get a new one in town. I shall be at the Portland," he said to Gideon, " if you have any message to send me there. Good day, Sir," he said to the bewildered Curate, and returned to the George. He knew he was forgetting his manners, but he could not suddenly shift his behaviour after that day's adventures to fit the requirements of a call upon the Beverend Chris topher and the Misses Skull, with Gideon in the room. " Will yon he good enough to explain to me the meaning of this, Gideon?" asked Mr. Skull, looking from the lamp to his returned prodigal, and back again. ^ Gideon shrugged his shoulders. " A piece of horse-play, I suppose." " And may I ask if it is one of the customs among the natives of America to amuBe them selves in gentlemen's libraries by throwing lamps about, and nearly breaking people's heads with them ? In all my experience I never knew of snch an event till to-day. Under the cir cumstances, I can quite understand that my sudden appearance shonld confuse Mr. Waldron, and prevent his remaining to make a proper apology. He spoke of buying a new lamp. I must say, I think it is the. least, under the circumstances, that he can do." " They are queer fishes, the Americans." " I wish you could have managed to take Mrs. Beid's offer for yourself, Gideon; I do, indeed. I thought when you proposed it to me at the time, that it was a mistake to select for such an office a complete stranger to the affairs of the family; and I am more than ever of that opinion from what I have seen to-day. One who does not know how to conduct himself as an educated gentleman will be a most objec jectionable person in Oopleston. I object, on principle, to American warming-pans. Warm ing-pans we used, in my younger days, to call those who, for a consideration, consented" Gideon shrngged his shoulders again. It's done now. Uncle Christopher. My opinion is that we're all fools together—yourself, of course, excepted. There was nothing else you could do, and you have nothing to lose. But my opinion is that Mrs. Beid is a lunatic, her son a baby, her daughter a—girl, myself an ass, and the Yankee a—Yankee. Well, it's only applying generals to particulars after all. We're all men and women, and it's our way. Iiuckily for Hillswick, it isn't yours. By the way, could you manage to lend me ten pounds'? I've had to leDd all my spare cash to the warming-pan, to take him to town. You'll have it baok in a dav or two." " With pleasure, my dear boy. m write you a cheque; luckily I paid fifteen pounds into the Bank this very day. But I fear you are too ready to take a view of human nature which the ancient Greeks termed cynical, from the Greek word for a dog. and applied to the philosopher Diogenes. Mrs. Beid is a high- principled woman, Gideon; if she be mistaken it must be enough for as that she means well. The maternal instinct, Gideon, is a quality which neither you nor I, with all my experience of human nature in its deeper aspects, nor yon, with all yonr knowledge of business, can ever expect wholly to feel. It is necessary to be a mother to feel the maternal instinct, Gideon. Doubtless Mrs. Beid's plan for her son will torn out well if it is so ordered, and ill if otherwise. Such thirgs are not in our hands. Her views upon higher matters, such as the core of the souls t f this parish, prove her to be a woman of eminently sensible views .... After all," the Curate went on, as he filled up the cheque, " it is no more than seven years before poor Mr. Beid's will operates; and seven years is not long to wait," added he, who had been waiting for more than forty to be something better than Curate of Oopleston. " There is the cheque, Gideon.—There is only one thing with which I cannot be satisfied. An American who be haves in a library as Mr. Waliron does in mine, is not fit to be trusted with Oopleston." .Assuredly the new Squire did not appear to be inheriting golden opinions from the old Squire. He had made three enemies in one day, and all three meant danger. For it is dangerous in itself to offend one's Bector; it was something more than daDgerous for Victor "Waldron to have war declared by Helen Beid; and, as to the third of his enemies, Gideon Skull had heard a word slip from his Uncle Christopher that might enable him to turn the tables gloriously u;pon his old friend. 