[?] Cricket. INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH— VICTORIA v. NEW SOUTH WALES. (l'ROM THE HERALD'S REPORTER.) MELBOURNE, Friday. Although the University match did not itself excite much public interest, still it has been looked upon here as a sort of test of the Intercolonial, and the long scores made in it were regarded as prognosticating exceptionally heavy scoring in the match which was to follow it. More than usual interest attaches to the present match, from the fact that New South Wales only wants one more win to put herself on equal terms with her whilom successful rival, ? here having been, up to the present, 26 matches played, of which Victoria has won 12, and New South Wales II. Both colonies have therefore, made every effort to bring their very best teams into the field, and New South Wales has been so far success ful that, though playing away from home, she has at present in Melbourne the very strongest team (bar one man) which could be got together. The fact of Evans being that one man certainly signifies a good deal; still there is no doubt that the visiting colony on this occasion takes the field with a wonderfully strong team. Victoria also has done her best to get the best men together to do battle for her, and Boyle has pleased everybody here by taking Kendall into his team in place of Tennant, and the only man in the eleven now to whom exception is taken is Slight, who has not been playing up to his usual form. However, there is no doubt that taken all through Victoria has about her strongest eleven, both in batting and bowling, and with fine weather heavy scoring was expected to be the order of the day. Considerable surprise was expressed here when at the last moment it was announced that Geary was left out of the New South Wales team, and Powell substituted. The general opinion was that New South Wales would want all her bowling, and that a great error of judgment was committed in leaving a bowler like Geary out. No doubt the decision was arrived at after due consideration, but the reason for it puzzles all the cognoscenti here. So much, however, for dissertation, and I will now endeavour to- interest your readers in the progress of the match itself. First Day, Friday. The fine weather which marked the University match still continued, albeit a trifle hotter,, as what wind there was was decidedly from the warm quarter. The sky was some what overcast with indications of a coming change in the weather; consequently, there was considerable anxiety felt on the subject of 'the toss,' as it was anticipated whoever got first innings would have a decided pull in view of the chance of rain. From an early hour streams of well-dressed people were seen wend ing their way to the ground, and it was evident that a strong interest in the coming struggle was implanted in the bosom of oipolloi. When the play commenced there were several thousand people on the ground, and during the afternoon there must have been fully 10,000 spectators pre sent ; the grand 6tand and reserves being well filled, and a thick mass of people encircling the playing ground, whose applause was vigorously and impartially bestowed whenever a good piece of play occurred. Victoria was fortunate in winning the toss; and Boyle, of course, elected to bat, sending in M'Donnell and Alex ander as the first representatives. The bowling was en trusted to Coates and Spofforth, the latter opening to Alexander, who put his first ball to leg for 3, following up with 2 fer a cut off Coates. In Coates's next over 4 byes were obtained from a ball which touched Alexander's leg stump, butwithout moving the bails. M'Donnell then got three fours, in as many overs, from Spofforth ; and Alex ander, in the meantime, having scored steadily, 30 went up, but M'Donnell was soon after bowled by Spofforth with a ball well up, breaking from leg. (1-12-39.) Horan partnered Alexander, who put Coates to leg for 3, and Horan opened his account with a fine drive to the fence off the left hander ; 50 soon appeared, and Tindall went on in place of Coates. His first ball Horan sent travelling to square-leg for 4, and a couple of fours to Alexander, one for a straight hit off Spofforth, and the other for a square- leg hit off Tindall, brought 60 up. The play now became slower for a time, the bowlers being well on the wicket, and singles being the order of the day, both batsmen playing in very good style and driving the ball whenever occasion offered. Horan got Spofforth to leg for 3, which was followed by 4 for a good hit by Alexander to square leg off Spofforth, which brought 70 up; and Horan continued with a like number off Tindall to leg. A change was now thought desirable, and Garrett relieved Spofforth, starting with^ a maiden. Some singles and a 3 to Horan nicely pliiced to leg off Garrett brought 90 up, and Thomson went on in place of Garrett, Tiudall still kefcpmg on at the uwcr emu tnougn ae did not seem to trouble the batsmen ®n™i Mid runs came as freely from his bowling as from any^of the other's. Thompson's first over yielded a single and_ 3 to Alexander, and a 3 to Alexander for a enick^in -the slips soon after off Tindall brought the 100 up axoid much cheering. Tindall was then taken off, and Spofforth- took his place, bat without troubling the bats men. Alexander effected a fine drive off his second ball all along the caipet for 4, and lifted the last ball in the same direction' for a uke number, Horan following up the good example with a nice square-leg hit off Thomson to the chains. 110 up. Alexander then got Spofforth away under hie leg for 3, and Coates took the ball from Thomson, out started very badly, Horan getting the second ball to leg, the third ball to the off, and the fourth ball in the same direction, each hit travelling to the chains, bringing 130 on the board. A. Bannerman then went on in place of Spofforth, and bowled a maiden, and ' lunch' was the «nder of the day. On resuming, Horan was given out 1 b w to Coates' s first ball, through a palpable mistake of the umpire, the batsman playing the ball hard on to his foot, and had to retire with 43 to his credit, put together in hie best manner. (2-43-131.) Slight joined Alexander, and soon started his account with 4 to leg off Spofforth, ana the score was run up to 140, when Alexander let out at a tempting off-ball from Coates, and was easily had by A. Bannerman at cover, having made 75 by free, vigorous play. Campbell filled the vacancy ; but after a nice cut off Spofforth to the chains was soon after bowled by ' the Demon ' by a beautiful ball, which worked in from leg and was quite too much for the batsman. (4-8-153.) Boyle was next man ; but another wicket soon fell, as Slight, calling his partner for a smart run for a leg-bye, Boyle, instead of trusting him, looked behind, and, judging for himself, refused to go, and Slight found his wicket down before he could get back. (5-10-157.) Slight shaped very well, and seemed in for a score ; and the Victorian prospects did not now look nearly so bright as they did before lunch. Allan now joined his captain, and a nice cut by Boyle to the chains, off Spofforth, brought 160 up. Allan then opened with 3 to square leg, off Coates, and 170 was reached by singles. 2 to Boyle, off Coates, and a fine off drive by Allan, off die same bolder, followed by a snick in the slips, otf Tindall, who had relieved Spofforth, brought 180 up. Spofforth then changed ends once more, and took the ball from Coates, but without effect, runs still coming, Allan especially hitting about in fine style ; and 200 was soon brought on the board. Garrett was then again tried, in place of Tindall, and'the score mounted more slowly to 210 ; and Allan then lifted one from Garrett to Massie, over the bowler's head, and retired with 34 to his credit, put together quickly and well. Blackham was the next man, and soon started to work ; placing Garrett to leg for 3, and securing 4 in Spolforth's next for a snick in the slips, bringing 220 up. 230 soon followed, and Coates then took the ball from Spofforth, and Boyle scored 3 in the slips ; but in the next over he, like Alexander, yielded to temptation, and A. Bannerman secured another nice catch at cover. (7-36-238) Pahner joined Blackham, and shaped well for a few overs, but was then well caught by Spofforth at m:d-off off Coates. (8-4-245.) Cooper succeeded, and A. Bannerman went on in place of Garrett, Blackham saluting him with 2 to square leg, and 4 for a nice cut, bringing 250 up. Some singles to each batsmen, and Cooper then got Coates well to the off for 4, bringing 260 up, and Spofforth relieved his captain. Blackham cut the first ball for 3, and Cooper made a fine square leg hit for 4 off the last ball, bringing 270 up. Tindall took the ball from A. Bannerman, and 4 byes were obtained in his first over. Spofforth then bowled a maiden to Blackham, but in his next over Cooper was given out 1. b. w. (9-13-277.) Kendall was last man, and another over or so it was thought would finish the innings. The new comer, however, soon showed he was not to be despised as a batsman, and letting out vigorously as oppor tunity offered, the score mounted with great rapidity. He opened with a brace off Tindall to the off, and 3 to Blackham in the slips off Spofforth and 4 byes brought 290 up. 3 to Kendall to leg off Spofforth and 2 to square leg off Spofforth, and again 4 to leg off Tindall, brought 300 up amidst tumultuous applause; and, despite all the changes being rung on the bowling, the score advanced by the like quick strides up to 338, when at last Kendall was disposed of by a good ball from A. Bannermann, with 43 to his credit,' got by vigorous hitting ; Blackham being not out with 41, obtained in his usual neat and effective style. _ As it wanted half-an-hour to time, the wicket was well rolled and swept, C. Bannermann carefully performing the latter operation himself ; and after the usual interval the Victorians took the field, and Murdoch and Davis ap peared as the first representatives of New South Wales. Palme* started the Dowling from the western end to Murdoch ; the first ball yielded 1 for a cut, and the second Davies cut for 4. Boyle took the ball at the other end, and Murdoch cut him for 4, and a single to Davies brought 10 up. Two maiden overs from Boyle, and two more singles off Palmer brought play to an end for the night. The fielding of New South Wales' was very loose in the morning, but improved after lunch, * though towards the close of the innings it again fell off ; A. Ban nerman being the exception, and Murdoch was by no means first-class behind the wickets. None of the bowling seemed difficult on tfie fast, true wicket, and Spofforth in particular was mercilessly treated, being driven about all over the field as though he was a mere second-rate performer. Coates, by judiciously going on and off at the right time, rendered good service, and obtained the best average. The Victorian innings is the longest by one run ever made in an intercolonial match; the only other three-centurv score having been made at Melbourne by Victoria in February, 1870, when 337 was obtained in the second innings, Lieu tenant Gordon scoring 121 in grand style. We take the following account ot the second day's play from the Argus of Monday : — Play was resumed at 12 o'clock on Saturday, in the presence of a concourse of about 9000 spectators. Rain nad fallen during the night, to the no small annoyance of the New South Welshmen. The ground, however, had not been seriously affected, and the clouds, which wore a threatening aspect in the morning, gradually cleared away. The total of the Victorian innings was 338, and before the stumps were drawn on Friday evening the New South Wales team had commenced their innings, and had obtained 12 runs without losing a wicket, the batsmen being Murdoch and Davis. The game was resumed on Saturday by Boyle bowling a maiden from the east end to Davis. Blackham was at his usual post behind the wickets. In the third over, and after only two more runs had been scored, Davis was cleaned bowled by Boyle. A. Bannerman was sent in next, and he and Murdoch kept hitting out at the bowling of Palmer and Boyle until 40 was telegraphed. KendaU then relieved Palmer, and Boyle relinquished the ball at his end to Alexander. This change proved j udicious, for immediately afterwards ^Murdoch was had in the slips by Kendall off Alexander, and C. Bannerman, who joined his brother, was caught off the same bowler by Allan between dip and point, or in third man's position. Three excellent bats had thus been disposed of for 45 runs, C. Bannerman not having made one run. Tindall then joined A. Bannerman, and being favoured with a good deal of luck he ran up 52, the largest score of the innings. In running out to play one of Cooper's twisters he was stumped by Blackham. After missing the ball he made no effort to regain his ground, knowing, doubtless, that the attempt would have been useless when Blackham waa behind the wicket. A. Bannerman played for a while in his usual masterly style, and scored 18. He then endeavoured to send one of Boyle's balls to leg, and accidentally snicked it in the air to short-leg. Biackham went for it at once, and secdred the catch. Massie was the only other nun who' made any stand. He displayed finished cricket for 19 runs, and was then caught by Cooper in the slips. The innings closed for a total of 139. The Victorians were thus 199 to the good, and the New South Wales men had, therefore, to follow their innings. Unfortunately Tindall hmi received a telegram wiling him home in consequence of a relative being seriously ill, and as he had to leave for Sydney by the afternoon train he could not play in the second innings. Murdoch and C. Bannerman were sent first to the wickets this time, and when only 4 runs had been obtained Murdoch was bowled by Alexander. C. Banner man was again caught before he had been long in, and his brother -Alec was run out through his own fault soon afterwards. Garrett, who was run out for nothing in the first innings, was the only one who made a decent score in the second. _ By excel lent cricket he tan up 47, and the remaining wickets Jell Sot very small figures. The total was only 103, and the result was therefore a signal victory for Victoria by an innings and % runs. The fielding of the Victorians was faultless, a;:d the subject of general admiration. Horan's activity and quick returns were specially commented upon. The only miss made during the day was a catch which Slight failed to hold at long-on, and it was due to the sun being in his eyes. The bowling of Allan, Alexander, and Cooper was worthy of high commendation, and Boyle, Palmer, and Kendall also bowled well. To Boyle's selection and management of his team the result of the match is also in no small degree to be attributed. A valuable silver horn, presented by Mr. C. Pleasance, for the highest scorer in the team, and a prize offered by another member of the club for the player who should show the best all-round cricket, have been both awarded by the judges especially appointed to Alexander ; and a five-guinea prize, presented by Mr. Trump, for the best bowler, was won by Allan. The following are the scores and bowling analyses : — Victorian- Eleven*. FIE.6T INNINGS. Alexander, 3,2,1,3,2,1,1,4,2,1,2,3,4,4,1,4,1,4,1,4,2,1,3, 3,4,4,3,1,1,1,1,2,1, c. A. Bannerman, b. Coates . . 75 M'Donnell, 4,4,4, b Spofforth . . ? 12 Horan, 4,4,1,3,4,1,1,4,3,2,4,4,4,4, 1 b w, b Coates , . 43 Slight, 4,2,1,2,1, run out ? 10 Campbell, 1,1,4,1,1, b Spofforth ? 8 Boyle, 1,1,1,4,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,3,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,3, c A. Bannerman, b Coates . . . . ? 36 Allan, 1,1,3,1,1,1,1,4,4,1,1,1,4,1,1,3,1,1,1,2, c Massie, b Garrett ? 34 Blackham, 4,2,2,3,l,2,2,4,l,3,3,l,l,3,l,l,l,l,l,4,notout 41 Palmer, 1,2,1, c Spofforth, b Coates ? 4 Cooper, 1,1,1,2,4,4, 1 b w, b Spofforth ? 13 Kendall, 2,2,1,3,2,4,4,1,3,2,1,3,4,3,2,2,1,1,1,1, b A. Bannerman .. ? 43 Byes, 4,1,4,1 , leg-byes, 1,3,4,1 . . . . 19 Total ? 338 Bowling Analysis.— Spofforth, 180 balls, 121 runs, 9 maidens, 3 wickets ; Thomson, 16 balls, 11 runs ; Coates, 160 balls, 85 runs, 10 maidens, 4 wickets; A. Banncnnan, 41 balls, 18 runs, 5 maidens, I wicket; Tindall, 80 balls, 58 runs, 5 maidens; Garrett -2 -balls, 26 runs, 6 maidens, 1 wicket. New South Wales Eleven. FIRST INNINGS. Murdoch, 1,4,2,2,3,4,1,4,2.2,2, c Kendall, b Alexander 27 Davis, 4,1, b Boyle ? 5 A. Bannerman, 4,3,2,2,1,2,4, c Blackham, b Boyle .. 18 C. Bannerman, c Allan, b Alexander . . . . . 0 Tindali. 1 i.2,4 4 1,2,4,2-2,2,2,2,1,4)2,1..4,1,4,252)2, st Blackham, b Cooper ? 52 Thomson, 1,1. 1)2, '6t. Blackham, b Cooper . . . . 5 Massie, 1,3,4,1,1,1,4,3,1, c Cooper, b Alexander . . 19 Garrett, run out ? 0 Powell, 1,4,2, b Allan ? 7 Spofforth, 1, c Kendall, b Allan . . . . . , , , 1 Coates, 1, not out ? l Leg-byes, 2,1,1 ? 4 Total ? 139 Bowling Analysis. — Palmer, 56 balls, 27 runs, 6 maidens; Boyle, 56 balls, 41 runs, 5 maidens, 2 wickets ; Kendall, 21 balls, 10 runs, 1 maiden ; Alexander, 76 balls, 34 runs, 8 maidens, 3 wickets; Cooper, 28 balls, 18 runs, 2 wickets; Alian, 15 balls, 5 runs, 2 maidens, 2 wickets. SECOND INNINGS. Murdoch, 1,1, b Alexander ? 2 C. Bannerman, 2,4, c Slight, b Kendall ? 6 A. Bannerman, 1,4,2,1,3,3,2, run out ? 16 Garrett, 1,1,2,2,4,1,3,1,1,2,2,4,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,4,1,1,4,1, c Kendall, b Alexander ? 47 Massie, 2,2,4, st Blackham, b Cooper ? S Thomson, b Cooper ? 1 Davis, c Alexander, b Allan ? 4 Powell, c Palmer, b Allan ? 9 Spofforth, not out ? 4 Coates, b Allan ? 0 Tindall (absent) ? 0 Leg-byes, 1,1 ? 2 Byes, 4 ? 4 Total ? 103 Bowling Analysis. — Alexander, 116 balls, 30 runs. 15 maidens, 2 wickets; Kendall, 52 balls, 21 runs, 7 maidens, 1 wicket; Cooper, 40 balls, 35 runs, 1 maiden, 2 wickets ; Allan, 23 balls, 11 runs, 3 maidens, 3 wickets. Victoria— First Innings ? 33S N.S.W. — First Innings .. .. 139 Second Innings . . . . 103 Victoria won by one innings, with 96 runs. REMARKS ON THE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. (FltOM A MFI.liOVRNE CRICKET CORRESPONDENT OF THE HERALD.) ? » MELBOURNE, Saturday. Having witnessed most of the matches between this colony and New South Wales since their institution, and having taken part in some of them myself ' in the brave days of old,' when Tommy Wills, Bryant, Elliott, Marshall, and others were giants in the land, it has struck me that the cogitations of ' an old hand ' on the late match may be interesting to the numerous readers of the Herald, and as it is a labour of love to me to write on my favourite sport you are welcome to my lucubrations if you think them worthy of printer's ink. Talk of ' the glorious uncertainty of the turf,' we will drop that sporting proverb now as applied to four-footed animals, and confine it to the bipeds who wear flannels and wield the willow and chase the flying ball. Glorious uncer tainty! Mr. Editor, on Friday morning amongst the knowing ones, it was generally allowed that Victoria was lucky in winning the toss, but, yes, ' but' (there is always that*' but') that to have a chance of beating New South Wales, Victoria must put up 300 runs at least on such a wicket. The ground was fast, hard, and rather bare of grass. The least snick got 4 ; the day was close and warm, with a north wind — the kind of one, that means a sou wester and heavy rain in twenty- four hours— lucky then was Victoria in getting first innings. If any one had asked Joe Thompson or Gough, or Sir Thomas (who were in the stand reserve), what odds they would lay against Sydney being beaten in one innings, I believe 20 to 1, perhaps 50 to 1 could have been ' pencilled.' A long and a close match was what every one expected, audio ! by 5 p.m. on Saturday, Sydney was beaten in one innings, ana by 96 runs to spare. That this result was to some extent due to the four or five hours rain early on Saturday morning there can be no question — but the real truth is, that the bowling of Sydney was very so-so, the captaincy not Al, the fielding not bril liant, and their batting far from what it was expected or should have been. The bowling analysis speaks for itself, and one thing I think it speaks, and that is, that on a sound true wicket no good batsman need fear Spofforth. The other New South Wales was very mediocre, and Coates as a captain and bowler was not the Coates of old. The fielding was very streaky — here and there brilliant at times, but on the whole certainly not Al. A good slow bowler, of the old school, not the half-and-half bastard style called slow now, would have been invaluable to Sydney, but they had not one. No wonder that hitters like Alexander and Tommy Horan got runs, and the veiy fact of Kendall, who is only a slogger at best, getting second score speaks volumes. 1 think Blackham played the best cricket ' for Victoria, then Horan, then Alexander. By u cricket ' I mean the game as good judges like to see it played. Allan amuses the crowd, with whom he is a great favourite, but he is a very useful man, and no mistake, with all his hanky pankyism — very different to the Kendall stamp, as he can play the game and hit too when he gets an opening. With a good — really good — slow bowler, like our Dan Wilkie when in his prime, Sydney would have saved 150 to 200 runs at least. On very fast grounds (when with fast bowling runs will make themselves, and very quickly to) there is nothing to keep the score down like a good slow bowler for a change, and Sydney had none. Three hundred and thirty-eight is a long score for the pluckiest and best men to face and requires some getting, but the believers in New South Wales felt sure it would be accomplished. The reason why Sydney did not get anything like a decent score was that the Victorian bowling was very good and judiciously handled, although Boylo did go on first him self. The fielding was bettor, the men kept their places well, and the generalship, altogether better than Sydney's. A good wicket-keeper Uke Blackham, too, is a host in himself. I remember once hearing an old playci who was fond of ' going into her ' remark, when looking on to some easy-looking bowling like Cooper's, ' Go right in, man, ami hit her smack from the pitch, don't funk.' There was a wicket-keeper then called Lockyer behind the sticks, and when Cooper was bowling there was one ' behind ' every bit as good, called Blackham, and it is that little fact a batsman cannot forget, and which causes him to hesitate and only half go in, and then he knows ' with what result. How's that umpire? It seems so absurd, and there is such a roar all round the ground and in the grand stand, and the batsman looks so sheepish as he walks back to the pavilion. C. Bannerman is only the ghost of himself now. I hope he will soon re cover his health and his form. Nat Thompson, the veteran of 21 matches, was lame, Garrett very unwell— the more credit to him for his good play in the second innings — and then Tindall had to leave the ground owing to illness in his family, and could not go in a second time. A. Banner man to my mind is the most reliable batsman of the team. Murdoch was unlucky in his second innings, the ball bumping and hitting him on the back of the hand and so on to the wicket. Massie is the coming man. I had not seen him before. He has a lot to learn , but he has what no practice can give a man, and that is a beautiful style, and his play reminded me of some one or two brilliant players of the olden time. I need not name, as no one now would be a bit the wiser, but he has a lot to learn yet, or rather unlearn if he can, ere he is perfect. Tindall had a considerable share of luck in getting his 52 ; he made some good hits ere the Blackham-cum-Cooper arrangement came off. ' What stuff that bowling _ of Cooper's is ' I heard some one say, and it does look like stuff. Very nasty stuff, too, when Blackham is handy to assist ' the work,' as Tindall found to his cost. And old Nat. caught in the same way — you should have known better after all the years you have played. In the second innings A. Bannerman's 'runout' was a sad blunder, just as he was getting well set and good for a hundred. I fancied it was Garrett's fault, though of course it was for Garrett to have judged the inn, and, being ill, he was right not io have risked a short run ; still 1 think he could have made it at a pinch had he backed up well, and thus have saved so good a man. I was very sorry to see it, and many others were also, for I wanted to see the two play on a bit together. When A. Bannerman went in it was seen to be all up with New South Wales, for no one believed that Powell, Coates, and Davis :-ould pull up enough to save the one innings, and Allan soon put the finishing stroke to the game. It will be seen that, altogether, he bowled in the match only 38 balls for 16 runs and 5 wickets, so that he still may claim the title, I think, I gave him years ago, as ' the bowler of a century.'' He was loudly cheered by the spectators when he bowled Coates and finished the match. The fielding of the Victorians was excellent. Slight's miss in the long field was owing to the sun being right in his eyes. Palmer nailed Powell very cleverly in the long field. It is the most decisive victory ever scored in an intercolonial match, and will make the next one that is played more than ever in teresting and attractive. There was a very general feeling of disappointment, how ever, at the match being so one-sided, and a feeling also that it was hardly what- on the turf is termed ' true running.' A close and exciting finish on Monday was hoped for by those who don't care which side wins so long as they see good cricket. But man proposes and God dis poses, so it is no use grumbling, as cricket matches are not ' arranged ' as horse races sometimes are. As a first-class display of cricket all round, however, the match was very disappointing. That Victoria had great luck in winning the toss is certain, and that from various causes before stated luck was still further against New South Wales cannot be denied, but I don't think the rain sufficient excuse for the small scores obtained, although I heard Garrett say that Victoria, on the Saturday, could not have made more than a hundred against the New South Wales bowling, which, in the absence of Evans, was not so strong as it might have been. New South Wales had some luckin getting rid of Horan. The umpire must have been very deaf. It was one of those blunders that at Sydney in a close game would have prob ably caused a row, but at Melbourne the crowd is very im partial, and all the New South Wales players will bear witness, lam sure, to the impartial manner in which ' any thing' good is cheered by spectators on the M. C. C. ground. It is the ' cricket ' they cheer here, not the man who shows it, and this is as it should be always. The M. C. C. ground looked very well on the two days, and was well set off by the crowd r.iund the turf, 'lhe stand, which gives a splendid view (indeed, I expect it is the best stand in the world), was well filled, but the club sadly wants a new pavilion. At luncheon it was crowded, and I heard that several of the N.S.W. team could not get a seat on the first day. The club enclosure was well-filled, and amongst the crowd I recognized many lights of other days — past Intercolonial heroes, many now, alas, almost forgotten by the rising generation. But I was E leased to welcome Harry Hilliard. once more, and to shake ands with the veteran 1'unks, whom I had not seen for nearly twenty years. Near them, chatting on the past, was the veteran Tommy Wills, looking hearty and well. I cannot refrain from adding that I have seen better bowling, and also fielding, in former Intercolonial matches. We will say nothing of the batting, but as we old hands must not give way to that horrid colonial habit of blowing, I will not institute further comparisons, but conclude with the hope that when the rival colonies next meet on the green sward I may once more be there to see. A most remarkable cricket match was played at Waverley on December 27, between the Royal Furnish ing Arcade C. C. . and the Woollahra Victoria C. C. — remarkable for the small score of the former, and the large score of the latter. Owing to the excellent bowling of Messrs. A. Pitt (who obtained 6 wickets for no runs) and D. Sands (4 for no runs), the R. F. A. C. C. only obtained one run, and that being a bye. The W. V. C. C. then handled the willow, and put together the large score of 237, the principal scorers being A. H. Gregory 109, D. SandsJ47,'and R. Pitt 23, all being obtained by good cricket ; Messrs. Ward and M'Farlane doing nearly all the bowline' for the R. F. A. C. C. The following are the scores : — Royai. Furnishing Arcade. Woollahra Victoria. Ward, b A. Pitt ? 0 H. Pitt, b M'Farlane ? 9 Curtis, b D. Sands ? 0 A. Pitt, b M'Farlane ? 21 M'Farlane, b A. Pitt ? 0 G. Sands, b M'Farlane ... 3 Harper, b A. Pitt ? 0 G.'Leggo, b Ward ? 4 Thompson, b A. Pitt ? 0 A. H. Gregory, stb Ward ...109 Hillman, b A. Pitt ? 0 D. Smds, c Harper ? 47 Roberts, c G. Sands ? 0 R. Pitt, c Thompson, b Ward 23 Hagerty, b D. Sands ? 0 Hopkins, run out ? 2 Southwell, b D. Sands ... 0 Cleveland, c Curtis ? 3 Alchin, not out ? 0 Taylor, not out — ... 1 Steven, b A. Pitt ? 0 Wahlburg, h w, b Ward ... 0 Sundries ? 1 Sundries ? 15 1 237 AVe learn by telegraph from our Murrumburrah corre spondent that in the cricket match Murrumburrah v. Burrowa, on Boxing-day, the Murrumburrah club came off victorious, winning by 13 runs. 