Within a Year. A S'SOEY Df THEEE CHAPTERS; CHAPTER IL u DUCK OK THE HOCK.' ' Sow, once for all, Katharine, I will not bsre it ! You are to leave Julian Vane alone. It certainly is very provoking that Mis9 Orowell should chooie to defe» -sr visit for two -weeks. 1 wish the girl would come and look' after her own lover. * '^ ? ' The speaker was Mrs. Carew, the morning after Dr. Vane's lecture on French hpeis. Katharine shrugged her pretty shoulders at Mrs. Carpw's admonition. ' I don't want Julian Vane,' ebe answered. ' Aliene Crowell is more than welcome to him. Sat now, Aunt Lena, E ask yon was it my fault that he went on his knees to me the first time he saw me P I told him yon and Miss Amant wanted him immediately.' Mrs. Carew smiled and sighed. ' What it i?, Fly, that all the men see in you I can't fiud out. Yon are not so pretty ?' ' Wo,' answered T?ly, plaintively. ' Yonr face tr brown decidedly.'1 *' Yes,' still more plaintively. ' And yet you never come near any thing in theahape of a-man that he doesn't-give way .at. once.' ' 'I fell tho bearded men at a breath, And the youths that grow between,'* eighed Miss Carew, sorrowfhily. 'Only two lines 'from Longfellow, Aunt Lena,' answered Miss Carew, demurely. ' Have you any thing more to say to me. TantinetteP' 'No; only remember I will not have yon flirt with Julian Vane. He is too good for you to interfere with.' ' Ah, bah !' cried the girl, and rasping from the room, came in contact with Dr. Vane. u Miss Carew !' he exclaimed. 'I'm in disgrace,' she cried; 'sent to Coventry ; you must not speak to me — and it's, all yonr fault. Another time, Dr. Vane, allow my French heels to take care of them Belvee.' Julian was conscious of a whirlwind of white muslin, gray eyes, and brown hair, and then was left lamenting. ~ ! Not very long after, as he crowed the large hall that ran the entire length of the house, he was attracted by the sound of voices in. the Eastern Boom. Pushing the door cautiously open, he disrovered Mies Carew on the floor near the window, Reg by her side, his yellow head in dire confusion. Miss Carew' was evidently putting (he dogs through the morn ing eiercigPj. for Spider, the pug, lay on the floor, his tail curled in happy eat is faction at his task done, white his stubby black nose snifled daintily at a bit of teorlcake held out by &?g. Not so happy was Buflhr ; his work was yet to come. ' Attention !' cried Miis Carew, in comio imitation of Bodcicuult as Conn. Suffl-.T raised his little fat body ia midnight, balancing himself unsteadily on his back legs, cocked one ear jocosely, and waved his yellow paws languidly. ?' Good doggie !' cried Miss Carew. u Give Ijim some cake, Heg.' ' Dood doggie,' echoed Eeg, cooingly, hold ing ont the cake temptingly. 'You may come in, Dr. Vane,' laughed Hiss Carew. ' I have fiuished my drill, and regained my temper.' ' Did Mrs. Carew scold you P' asked Vane wonderingly. . ' She nodded her bead for answer, looking up at him from her seat on the floor, the sunlight, catching her hair, brought out sudden golden lights hidden before. Vane felt a Budden thrill pass through him. 'What about?' \- ' Oh, my ill conduct, my extravagance in having silk stockings and French heels, when I own less than nothing a year.' Then, with a sudden brilliant smile, ' Dr. Vane, let us -play ? duck on the rock f' \ ... ' And what is ? duck on the rook P* ' ' You don't know ? Why, how yonr ed'u- cation has been neglected ! Why, 'duck on the rock* is RegVand my favorite pastimp. It is. far ahead of pd', pailone, lawn tcnis, or Aunt Sully ; it's less expensive, and does not require much brain power. Come and be in iu'itedrmt once.' She sprang to her feet, caught.Up^fipider by the tail, and vanished through- Jhe window, followed by Vam-, Reg, and Buffl-r. Miss Carew led the way to a shade spot' on the lawn, whence the Silver Hudson was visible lying asleep in the sum mer sun. 'lhe first thug to do,' she said, earnestly, 'iito find a rock and a duck, also smaller stones— not very easy tlinps to find here, where Norton regards all « sticks, stocks, and rocks' and his especial enemies. Ab! what do I see?— tlie very thing ?' and running round a large a targe spreading oak, Miss Carew appeared, triumphantly drawing Reg's, garden cart full of atones. ' Yon will let Bobbii s have these, won't you, Beg?' the said, per-' auasively. . «Ess,' said Beg, rather regretfully. ' flow, Dr. Vane, put thia-largest stone on the.. grass — to; that is pur rock; now this pmaller pointed one on the top of it ; that is ourdutk,. You ape, we are each to take a atone, sb-nd off as far as you like, and aim at the duck. If you Eucceed in knocking it off, jr-u must run and get your stone and back at the home before the duck is placed in position or elfe you miss another shot until I here failed. Of course the furtl er away you send (he duck, the better chance yon have of getting home in time. We will make Beg duck and iwk keeper; he is *o eljw he will cive us a little more leeway ; and we will make the game twenty-fire points.' 'And the prizf. Alisa Carew ?' atked Vane. ' Oh, make it what you choose ; bnt I shall win it, and r-e you are a beginner, we will say place oux homtnei.' Julian .hurled bis stone violently at the target ; it *ped on its way, but left the duck fit' me unirjured on its rock. With a little low lauuh, Miss Carew took her petition, pave 'a quick glance over the jfltaence to be passed, bent down, and with a fudden movement sen* her missive on ' its way; the next moment there was heard a erarp crack, the duck was sphiBing sonce rods p(T, and Miss Carew w«( flying over the grus. rescuing her stone, and back again before poor ? Jteg bad mounted tie duck on Its throne. Amid mnch laughter, and furious barking of dogs, the game continued, and at the end oF fifteen -minu'e* V ne had become an ardmt admiier of 'duck on tht rock' and bis fair instructor. During one of their pauses for breath he said : ~ . - !*Bob Lawrence is coming fo stay with me, end I want you to promise to be good to him, ~ Miss Carew. Btb ia an awfully good fellow, rich to no rad through Ms uncle's will, but ' down on old woman. He will bring Bat j = and Kentucky witSj him ; so we might have some jolly rirVs, if you like.' Miss Carew wan holding her stone in her itfKB, ready for another shot. As he men tioned his friend's name, a sodden shiver (-hook her. from head to font, and it. was well ? unorher voice :di«n berg hroke the silence, or Vane most have noticed far- confusion. 'Might one inquire the nature of this a/auBement?' It was Miss Amant who stood before tliem, htr drapery of finest monlin and b.llowy lace trailing behind her over the grass? her golden hair, in which I be a:lyer was', already mingliag, parted over her broad, wrll ehanrd head and brow in even wsves, was fathered in a heavy knot l-»w in ber neck. All the merriment died out of tbe group as she rooke. ?'.Mka Carew has been kindly teaching me ' duck on the rock/' said Jullian answering the' questioning look in Miss Amtnl's eyes. . '.Indeed!' in her slow, measured way. 'Da yon ind it amusing, Miss Carew P' ' Very,' answered^he girl, shortly. Then, with a wicked glimmer in her eye», ' Its chief charm lies in its being a classical game. You know it is traced back to Jthe Greek's,' ehe went on, innocently. ' Helen.jntroduced it into Troy after she was taken captive, and ehe and Paris used to indalge in it centuries ago. Dr. Bchflieman, in his late discoveries, found one of tbe identical atones, bearing Helen's name and tbe score of tbe game. It makia one feel so learned, Miss Amant, to have even one's -amusements date back for ages.' 'Yes, it must,' said Miss Amant, Eimply, unable to 'make up her mind as to Miss Carew'e veracity. ' Luncheon is ready, how ever. -Shall we go in ? Julian, are yon com ing?' 'No,' he answered, bis face crimson from suppressed laughter; 'I am to bring Bob Lawrence over this evening.' As the two ladies moved away, Miss Amant a little ahead, be seized Miss Carew'e hand. 'You are a perfect — duck,' he said rapidly, and pressed the little brown hand to his lips. Then Beg, the dogs, and the two women disappeared within the door. Some hoars later, as Miss Carew came leisurely down the stairs, she was met by Julian. . ? —?''flow long yon have been !' beeaid, crossly; ' and — Why, you look pale ! Are you ill ?' ' No,' she answered ; 'it's the after-effects of ' duck on the rock.' ' ' Come,' be said, impatiently, 'I want Bob to see you.' In another moment Miss Carew was in the softly lighted drawing-room, and Julian Vane was ^mumbling ont an introduction to some one.' She wised her eyes. What she saw was a .slight, well-made man, with the bead and face of tbe [young Antinous of the Vatican come to life, only with an intensified la'nguor and melancholia in every feature. If the eight was not a new one to her, she made no sign not even a ripple of color passed over her face. What he saw was a 'slender 'irlish figure clad in some soft thin black ganz*, through which her shoulders and arms gleamed dan- ' gerboily, a great bunch of Jacque roses at her waist, a mutinous w primrose face,' soft brown hair, and two wistfnl grey eyes. If to him tbe vision was not a novelty, so, too, he made no sign, and not a ghost xrf recognition echoed in his voice as lie remarked of hie happiness in knowing Miss Carew. The evening passed .rather tamely. Miss Amant had not forgiven Miss Carew's clas sical impudence. Mrs. Carew was sleepy, while Katharine seemed to have suddenly succumbed to a fit of depression, and sat idly in the window, : with the moon shining upon her, picking her roses to bits. At an early hour Vane and Lawrence left. As Katharine stood at her dressing-table that nieht, she took from her neck a slight gold chain, to which was fastened a tiny folded square of silk paper. She touched it lovingly with her fingers, and finally put it to her lips. When she fell asleep there were tears upoc the brown cheeks. 