M1SCELLANV. -T PtiTKLAtiKB.--BntleW attd waiter?. ; ! A STAG is often obliged tjo ttab-for fi^er llf ftowhat rhythm dotiH%i 'tal^-ntiU Krrittt iLog-airhythum. r ;.-u!i.« .;ro r "-'7 1; give anytMpgj^Ue. HI»T;TO^'THB WINTER--HOW tojieep yotik: rootais Warnp-keep your gratis cOal'd. i flowto acquire shorthand-Fool rotmd a totting auufclne. . <. . " ' Awoldlady wants to know what good thja new French £able is going to do those who dun't un derstand French. ' ~ NEW PEOVEBB.-YOU cannot raise silver crested HumburgB by setting <t hen on nickel-plated eggs.. . : SILENCE is GOMES,-Aunt: " Has anyonfe been at these preserves f Bead silenoe. "Have yola touched them, Jimmy?" Jimmy, with the utmost deliberation: "fa never 'lows me to talk&t; dinner." MAT£IUOKIAI< HAEVEST;-Notwithstanding all .the modem improvements oC husbandry, the ma trimonial harvest is still gathered with the cradle, and thrashed by hand. A SHORT time since, aB a regiment headed by its band marched by, a little boy, standing at the window with his mother, said, " I say, ma, what is the use of all those soldiers who don't play t' MEDIUM IN ALL THINGS.-NO generous man would go to a spiritual stance given by a lady medium, and, as the gbost is walking about, while the medium is tied in the ^cabinet, exciaim, " There's a rat by the gbost!" It spoiler tbe effectLto have the ghost yell and gather up its skirts and run. HEAED ON THE PLATFOBM OF A RAILWAY STATION.-"Guard, why didn't you wake me up as I aeked you. Here I am miles beyond my station I" Guard: " I did try, sir, but all I' could get you to say was, 'All right, Maria; get the children their break fart, and ril be down in a minute P '* SENSIBLE TO THE LAST.-Aunty-"Well, love, did Mr. M'Biller propose?' Edith-"No, aunty; but he was :on the Verge of it when " Aunty-'" When ,what,. darling ?' Edith-" When the clock struck and tetninded him that there was only time to catch the l«Bt cheap train, and he had a return ticket." A " FINEMOBNIN!."-Scene-First-class bar in Glasgow, 9 a.m.; enter party who asks for and gets two gills of whisky in a bottle. Courteous attendant, as he hands over the liquor; "Thisis*goodmornin'." Customer; " Mind your own business so long as I pay for what I get: but, at the same time, the mornings no' a' for masell."-Bailie. A TEAEFUL RESPONSI BILITS.-Clergyman to newly-wedded pur:-"The marriage state imposes various duties. The husband must protect the wife, while the wife must follow the husband whithersoever he goes." Bride-" Lor. sir, can't that be altered in our case 2 Mj husband is going to be a country post man." POTTING HIS FOOT IN IT.-A fair young mother with a crying baby in her arms eat in* Silver City stage coach, Bays a Nevada paper. On the opposite seat waB a well-known politician of engaging manners. By and bye he said: " Let me hold your baby. Perhaps I can soothe him." " Oh, no ; I'm much obliged; you couldn't help me any," was the answer. " But," he persisted, " yon had better let me try." " You are very kind," said the lady at last, " but I know you could not help me; for he is hungry." A light seemed to dawn on the politician's mind, and he abruptly broke off the conversation. WHAT IT HAS COME TO.-The Harvard Advocate gives this as a specimen of the conversation of Fltz AmbatrosB Van Ambrosial, "an unmatriculated student in Harvard College for one year":-" Hiss Hank said, as I bowed,«Are you, a materialist or an idealist V ' Yes, rather,' I replied. ' I'm so glad,' she rejoined. * Aw, too much pleasure, I assure you,'I continued. 'Don't you think Daisy Miller is too over drawn to be the typical representation of the beet esthetic production of Boston culturt, or do you prefer the ideas of Joseph Cook? she ventured further. ' Yes, James is quite too awfully clever; yes, indeed,' I added. ' Do you attend the 8ummer school of philosophy at Concord!* She-murmured confidingly. 'Bo, not to-day; no;' I stuttered, getting a little flurried. ' Ob, I see you are one of those interesting atheists,' she continued. 'Yes, I will get you some,' I uttered, as I slid away." JONAH'S RESOLUTION.-A divinity examina tion day at Oxford; subject, the character of Jonah; concluding sentences of the best essay" Lastly, we are taught by the conduct of this great prophet the value of decision of character. No other hero of the Old Testament has shown such resolute strength of purpose. We read that for the full length of time he remained contented!y in the whale's belly. He made no effort to relieve himself from what must have been a disagreeable period of incarceration. For the whole of the three days he continued immured in his fishy prison. It was only on the third day he contrived to be thrown up. The lesson is striking, and the moral clear." A GENTLEMAN'S WEAPONS.-On a Missis sippi steamer, as on every railway or steamship line, a passenger is allowed a certain amount of baggage. One day a man from Texas came on the wharf at New Orleans with his baggage. He was a wild-looking fellow, such as Texas only can produce. He went for a man to check his baggage, and ooming back, pointed - out bis valuables to the baggage-master. "You will have to pay extra baggage on some of those boxes," said the baggage-man. "Why, I should like to know J" said the Texan, beginning to look belligerent. " Because a passenger is only allowed a certain amount of baggage," answered the obliging baggage master. "How much is that T inquired the Texan. " Sixty pounds," was the reply. " Sixty pounds !" thundered the Texan, "why, man, a gentleman's 1 weapons' would weigh that much!" A HOT TIME.-" Sokes alive," said the good-natured Colonel Solon, as he rushed into the Oil City "Derrick" office, "I never felt so warm as this but once afore in my life, an' that we time 'twasn't so awful hot in the atmosphere, cither." " When was it, colonel f " Don't believe I ever told you that, did I ? Twas some time ago. I was livin' In Jameston, and was a respectable member of one of the churches, an' like all respectable members had a ticket for my sleeping berth during long sermons on hot days. One day when 'twas more'n usually hot, I was just a droppin' off to sleep when I thought fd wipe my forehead. I felt for nut couldn't find qiy. handkercher. Just then I notioed 'suthin' white on the floor beyond my feet, and, bein' a little nigh sighted, I took it for my missing rag, and went for it There warn'tno partitions below the seats in that are church, so when I reached down I saw some one in the pew front of me had a foot on my handkercher, an' it riled me a trifle; so when I got hold of it I yanked about 200-weight on J it flnt haul. Sakes alive; there was the alflredest scream yer ever heaed, an* there I had got hold of]old maid Jenkins's summer dress, an' yanked her off the seat an' under it into my own pew afore I node myself. She flounoed up in a second, with a long dust mark down her back, her hat jammed over one eye, her Bleeve ripped open, an' her false hair hangin' down on her shoulders. I jest sat there, sort o' stunned like, with the minister an' the whole congregation watchin' her crawlin' out from under my pew, lookin' like as if "we'd been havin' a flgbt, an* she'd got the worst of it, an' me not a known what to say. I baint abin to that church since, an', as MIT Jenkins said I was drunk, they kind 0' read ms out of the plaoe, an' I never had a chance to vin dicate my kartlrter." IN SEABCH OF A SCHOOL BILLET.-Four or five days ago a man about 40 yean of age, looking as if he had been drawn over a dusty floor for an hour or. twp, called upon one of Jhe members of the board of and introduoed himself as William Cannon Harrison, of Saginaw County. He was politely received, and hb commenced business promptly toy saying" I'm a-lookihg for a situation as a school master." " Ah, al) ("replied the member, wondering why the mlm wasn't looking for a woodpile. " I could have brought a pile of recommends so high," continued the man, measuring with his handp," but recommends don't amount to nothing." " And have you any sohool In view f' asked the member. " I want to get in here, In Detroit," replied the man.: "What wages do you pay?" "I'm afraid-" began the member, when the schoolmaster interrupted-" Oh! -well, I tfpoec you pay going wages, and that's all I can ask for, I:don't want to put on style and live high, as I'm getting a leetle old and ought to s^ve money." " As I was going to remark-" said the TiMHidmr, when tbe sohoolnawter suddenly Inquired: "Do they allow licking in tbe schools here ? If they do, Tm the man you want to dress the toys down! I've bad 'en oome for me by the down, and It would do your heart good to see the w^y l laid >m ! Why, when I bad that school .in B*y County, I thought nothing of licking 80 scholars a day, betides hearing 12«lMS6S recite! I'm an old swuper, I tell you, and three's fan in ma when yoa get me woke op!' " 1 bardly think"--oommini the member again, when the schoolmaster jumped up and said" Of course you wont take metmletal pin examination, irat I hain't afraid of not paging. i'dUke UJ sea the word I Oonldnt spell. ~ T» lMt«&a;~Oatarrh: C-a-t-a-r-r-Ti-catarrh. Dandelion: lW^if-d-e-l-l-o-n dandelion. . Or 'try my wordso* nbor/rariSbles. Lugubriou»t, Ir urg-u^-i-o4i-t-lagubfioua,, ,QW I ' can knock tpe spent 6fTn these stanx-head teWinirB and : not' half'.try." "I should like'to "kelp yotl," put, in the. member; "butr-r-?. "Oh i you needn't . tnlrik I'm behind on geography,". In terrupted th6 ieadier. " For InigtainM: "Whit'' is an ? iithnw? An isthmus. is ^narrow strip iof land oonnectipg two, larger bodies, & the world round or flat? Bound. Why ilitnmndf Becadse itU.:: Which is the largeet river in thpwoiMS the Amazon. .Which is the feighest mountain? /Ehe Andes. I might go on for 75 days this way and tHen tiflt tell you half I know r' " You seett to b» pwtty wpll posted in geography, but ae I wanted to tell"-r "And on grammar, too4" exclaimed the teacher, jampingup again. "What is* noun? A noun if the name of any person, place, or thing. Give: jus: «i example: Man, dog, cat, ooon, goat, jack-knife^ fl?h hook, gate-post. What are the principal conjunctions f And, as, both,' because, for, if, that, or, neither, either, and so forth and eo forth. Oh I I'm right. <on the rool of the meeting-house when you sling grammar at me !" The member was getting desperate, and as soon as he could get in a word ihe said: " I will take your name. . and as soon as. a vacancy-" " And I know arithmetic from cover 'to cover 1" exclaimed the man, standing, up again. " I can go through the tables like lightning through a kayBtaek, ar.d when you get to fractions andcube-roo I'm awful-I weigh a ton and a half and still growing! 'Bithmetic's my favourite study, and I'll give 'ypu 60dol. to find a man who'll saw sums in two and plane 'em down as quickly as I can !" His speech too* the wiud out of him, and the member managed to Say there was no vacancy at present, but he would take his name, and consider his case as soon as one oc curred. " I'd like to commence right, off," replied tha man, " but I am willing to wait. Here's my name, and the minit I get your letter Til come down allying. If you get me you don't get much style, but you get solid old common senBe and trenuine education. You won't see scholars playing hide-and-coop around the wood-box, or marbles on the floor-no. you won't!" And he went down stain. Detroit Free Press. 