I tATING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. J iF203[ OCE 2TELBOUILNE COBKESPONDEXT.) I Tuesday Evening XJiat the Church, of England in Victoria has so long been without a cathedral has caused its members regret approaching to sorrow. Disputations as to site, that lack of caste which hampers the most earnest efforts of churchmen, rivalry of the sect aries which an intellectual power might cope with—the church so long endowed in England, but here so pecuniarily feeble— all tended to prevent the realisation of that longing for an edifice greatly tower ing up to God's footstool, which is the desire of all the most zealous representa tives of the Protestant spirit. By the zeal of our present warm-blooded, manly diocesan, the cathedral, so many years regarded as a vision, now hids fair to be come in our generation an accomplished fact. Pew of us may see it in its com pleted glory ; few now living have oppor tunitytorealisetheperfectness of cathedral worship. Compared with the greatest of the ecclesiastical edifices of England, our new Cathedral will be but cbild-like. Its nave will be but 285 feet in length by a breadth of 102 feet across its transept; while, as most people who take an in terest in Church matters know, the home of " Tom of Lincoln," that solemn re corder of earth's joy and grief, or aspira tion, is 470 feet in length by 267 acros3 the transept; while Salisbury, the Ga lahad of architecture, which throws its beautiful spire to a height of 404 feet, is in length 474 by a breadth of 230 feet. Ely is 535 by 190 feet; classic- looking Peterborough, 476 by 203 feet; Durham, over 400 feet; while among the remainder' of the twenty-nine cathedrals which uplift their towers to God, in England, many of larger dimensions can be found. With the exception of that object at Calcutta, designed by an officer in the Queen's Engineers, and the attenu ated-looking, though shapely St. Andrew's at Sydney, our new cathedral will pro bably be one of the smallest in the world, for, when fully complete, it wall only have pew accommodation for 1340 persons, while as it is now to be built, with only three bays out of the original design, it will only seat a little over 800. At the same time it must be remembered that the spaces reserved, which will not contain seats, will give room for at least as many worshippers again, and it may be safely reckoned that there will be ample space eventually for at least 2000 at one time. Up to the present no decision has been arrived at as to the particular stone which will be employed, but it is fully agreed that it shall he some kind of freestone backed by brick. The foundations, which in some places have to go aB deep as six feet before the reef is struck, are to be of brick—a practice not unknown in church | architecture. The piers will be of alternate freestone and bluestone, and the style of the building is ■what is known as decorated Gothic, or, professionally, " middle-pointed," and is of a light, somewhat French character. At the same time, ornamentation will not be carried to an elaborate extent, and it is scarcely likely that any future critic will be able to say of our cathedra], as Charles the Fifth of Germanydid of the neat one at Antwerp, that, from the lacey delicacy of its beautiful surmountings, it should " be put under a glass case and preserved for posterity." Mr Butterfield, the architect, originally made the building to stand parallel with Flinders-street, hut this has, to economise space, been altered, and its chief length will now be visible along Swanston-street, the entrance being Flinders-street, the altar end of the choir being to Flinders Lane, some distance up from Swanston-street, as the building will not he exactly parallel with that, hut will incline eastwards. The stone laid to-day, 14ft. x Oft., was the one which will stand under the central town, near the eastern corner of the nave, and was brought spe cially from Lethbridge, near Geelong. "When quarried it weighed nearly 14 tons, and. after being reduced and trimmed, to- day was over nine tons. The great tower will be ultimately, with its spire, 275ft. in heighth, and will be, reckoning from the base, 75ft. higher than that of Wesley Church, or, at least, 60ft. above that of the splendid Presbyterian edifice in Collins-street. The organ gallery will he in the eastern transept, and though a chapter house is included in the designs, it will not be erected for some time to come, as it is not desired to interfere with the piesent buildings on the site more than is necessary. In fact the par sonage of St. Paul's will never he de molished, as the space will not be needed, although the existing church must ulti mately be pulled down. The schools have been transferred to the available site nearSt. James',where they arenowbeingre ereeted, but it is necessary here to mention that experience has shown the necessity of considerably extending all Mr Butter field's designs, the present building being in charge of Messrs Terry and Oakden, the architects of the diocese. The Chapter of the cathedral^now appointed for life, consists of his Lordship the Bishop, the "Very Rev. the Dean, the Archdeacons of Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Beechworth, and Sale : with, as Canons, Dr. Bromby, the Rev. W. Chalmers, the Rev. G. Goodman, of (Jeelong; Rev. H. -H- P. Handheld, Rev. J. C. il'Cullagh, Sandhurst; Ven. Archdeacon Stretch, Rev. G. O. Vance ; and lay Canons, Messrs T. T. x'Beckett, F. R. Godfrey, H. Henty, H. Jennings, W. E. King, G. W. Rusden, Capt. Pasco, and Sir W. F. Stawell Shortly after three o'clock the surpliced choristers mustered in St. Paul's, and his Excellency the Governor, having been received by the Chapter at the Swans ton street entrance, was conducted to the communion table. Shortly afterwards the procession was formed in the follow ing order:—The Choir, the Clergy, the Chapter, the Dean, the Bishop and his Chaplain, the Governor and his Suite, the Mayor and his Suite, the 3Iembers of the Council of the Diocese not on the Chapter, and the Representatives of Parishes. On arriving at the platform his Excel lency took his seat, having on his right the Bishop and the Rev. G. Goodman, behind him the Canons and on his left the lay Canons, in front the Mayor and Councillors; the representatives of the University and of parishes, with many of the clergy, being admitted -within the barriers. The gallery for ladies and those privileged with the entree was in front of his Excellency. The 307th Hymn, from the Church Hymnal, commencing with " Christ is the foundation of the house we raise," was sung, the Lord's Prayer in toned, and a well-selected litany chanted alternately by the Dean and the choristers. Prayer was then offered up, and the 84th and 122nd Psalms sung, Dr. Torrance pre siding at the harmonium and directing the choristers, of whom there were about 300. The Creed was then recited, and the De dication read by Dr. Hearn in Latin. Slowly, then, the ponderous stone was lowered into its place, and when it had been truly settled, his Excellency, taking the trowel, said: " I lay this stone of a Cathedral Church, to be dedicated to the Service of Almighty God, and to be called after the name of the Apostle St. Paul, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Hymn 330 (Church Hymns), com mencing with " All bail the power of Jesus' name," was sung most effectively by the choir and people, and the whole congregation then joined in the prayers specially appointed, the most appropriate of which was— " Most gracious God, look favorably upon Thy servants, and grant that in the building of which we now lay the fonndation thy word may always be faithfully preached, thy holy sacraments duly administered, and an acceptable service of prayer and praise and thanksgiving rendered unto thee thronghont all generations. Grant that within its walls, by the ordi nances of the Gospel, and the ministration of thine appointed servants, the ignorant may nstrncted in those "truths which make wise unto salvation; the young taught m their early years to know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent; the weak strengthened ; the afflicted com forted; the fallen raised; and the sluggish quickened ; through onr Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. Amen." TTis Excellency the Governor delivered a brief address, pointing out the impor tance of the event they were met to cele brate, and urging upon all to contribute in proportion to their means to the ad vancement of it. He pointed out that cathedrals were necessarily of slow growth, but that everyone ought to unite to make this one that should he regarded by future generations as a monument of the perseverance of our youth. Bishop Moorhouse said:—It 13 thought de sirable on this auspicious occasion that I should say a few words on the uses of a Cathedral, its services and its chapter. The building is a great church, intended to be the centre home of churches, where its highest energies, devotional, consobtive, and practi cal, will be called into play. It is termed cathedral becanse the Bishop's cathedra, or chair, is set therein. It is built, then, not primarily to look beautifnl in the eyes of those who pass by it, hut to afford help to those who enter it, in rais ing their thoughts to the infiuite, and in stirring within them- emotions of awe and reverence. It must Have size, es pecially loftiness, the long perspective, the dim vastress in which the mind can soar and expand ; in which it can see a symbol of the eternal, the mysterious, the divine. Lofti ness is necessary to give effect to that which is an essential feature in cathedral worship : its musical services. Without height there can be no resonance, no feeling of elasticity, no massiveness, no delicacy of sound. Without height music is robbed of more than half its power to soothe, to subdne, to elevate, to call away the feelings from dis traction and frivolity of sense; to attune them to the tenderness, the solemnity, the awe of the higher life. We very especially need such services in "Victoria. The love and practiceofmnsic is spreadingamongour young people who care more for music and less for worship than young peopla at home. How is it? There may be several reasons : one is certainly because music and worship have ever been wedded together under the most favorable condition. We need service which , shall not only give expression to religious emotion already in existence, but which | shall also evoke it when absent. Impas- i sioned preaching will do something to this ' end, bnt impassioned preaching is not always to be had, or-at least not in effective power. It may be greatly helped, nay, as in the case of Efisha, it may be superseded, by the mysterious influence of music. 1 have myself felt the wondrous power of mnsical services. They have melted me when I was hard, they have raised me when I was sluggish, they have spiritualised me when I was earthly. They make our young people feel them at their best, when they elevate by their gran deur and edify by their simplicity. While the taste for them spreads their use in our parish churches they would become more attractive, more edifying. Again, a large building helps to make good preachers. In large buildings preachers must speak slowly anu aiscmcuy. wnen a man is compelled | to speak slowly and distinctly he hears and notices all he is saying. Be sides, when one speaks slowly one must not have too much to say, thus one gets into the habit of preaching short Bermons ; short sermons with a good deal in them. These are properly the results of having a large and lofty building. .Now, to say a word of the services. It is only by cathedral services with a cathedral staff that we can carry out adequately the church system of perpetual prayer. Yon, who have had no experience of this system, can hardly conceive its pre cious and lofty uses. In a great civic com- ! muuity like this there will always be devout ' soaks detached from life by a stroke of sick ness, or the decay of age, who long to spend their remaining days in communion with the Lord, their God. These are the Simeons and the Annas who have no wish to depart from the temple day or night. Nowhere but in the great church of a cathi dral city can they find means of gratifying their desire. There is the stillness and the great space filled continually with the pleadings of prayer and the swell of praise. They find the atmosphere they long to breathe there. They draw near to God, live in an anticipated Heaven. Do you think we do not need them: we busy men distracted by the cares, the labors, and the sorrows of time ? Why, to this day there dwell, and to the end of the days that I sojourn upon earth there will dwell, in the eye of my soul the vision of two servants of God, an aged man and woman, whom I met at a cathedral. There was the light of a better world in the delicate glow of their faces; there was the peace of heaven in their saintly eyes. Then plainly in the heart of a great city J and not upon a hill at a distance, at a spot where all its passion and crime are, there shonld be a house of God ever open, where those broken by life's sorrows or sorely Bmitten by life's sins may always be able to find guidance and solace. When the poor outcast is at his worst, near the brink of the dark river it may be, or wandering in the city desert, aimlessly, desperately, looking in vain for Borne help, Borne hope, some pity, there should always be an open house of •prayer in his path, an ark into which he may fiy for refnge. He cannot wait for Sunday, he cannot avoid seeking for comfort here, and now he most be helped, or not at alL Open your cathedral in his very pathway, let its prayers plead, let its praises swell, and perhaps they may lift Ins lost soul so near to his God that he may catch thence some ray of divine pity. He is feeliog some glimpse of blessed hope, without which he cannot live. Oh, my friends, there are many that swell the Bin—are there none will help to build the refuge? In all ages of the UatUoiic Uhurch. the cathedral chapter has been the Council of the bishop. Your Bishop surely needs such a council. But, how can that be ? you will say ; has he not the Church Assembly, and the Council of the diocese ? He has, thank God ; but these do not give him the help be needs. The Church Assembly is not an administrative body at all, it only legislates. The Council of the diocese is an administrative body on finan cial matters; with purely spiritual questions it does not meddle—ought not to meddle. Its advice upon money matters is like the advice of a political Cabinet to the Queen. In spiritual matters the Bishop could not submit to sncb advice ; he might as well ab dicate office. For the consideration of snch matters he wants a Council consisting of the best and wisest men in the diocese, who will give him advice, and not insist npon its being always taken. He, of course, would always defer to it, and unless his conscience forbade him would follow it, and such a Council, with the right to be consulted though not obeyed, was in all the best ages of the church the cathedral chapter. Such a Coun cil is necessary to the Bishop. Well has it been said that isolation is the vice and weakness of authority. Yon all feel that in our recent discussions on the education ques tion, your impetuous Bishop took his own line ; and what did men say ? " This is i only the Bishop's opinion—the Bishop's | method ; the cbnrch 13 not pledged to that." | How different would it have been if all had known what the bishop said, cot only as to principle, bat as to details. He said, after consultation with the best hearts and wisest heads in the diocese, "Take another method." I proposed we should consider a proposition to ordain as deacons laymen still pursuing their worldly calling. The Church Assembly appointed a committee, directed it to report to the Council of the diocese, and the Council declared the matter ultra vires. It has no power to review purely spiritual matters. It acted rightly. This was a matter for a Cathedral Chapter —the golden circlet of the chosen Presby tery. Take yet another problem urgently pressing for solution. The action of the State in making the education of our State schools purely secular, has made the ques tion of organisation of Snnday-scnools one of great importance. This is not a question for the Assembly or the coun cil of the diocese ; it is one for the cathedral chapter. Again, I prize the chapter not only as a Council, but as an august represen tation of the unity of the church. There you have gathered into one body Bishop, dean, archdeacons, canons, and laity. This chapter, from the eminence of its members, from their representative character, from the seemKaess of the great temple, andsolens services, in which they come together, affords an august representation of the unit; of the church. Some men think little o\ this. I think mnch of it, for the peculiai danger to religions life here is its spirit o1 separation. This spirit represents nothing better than the selfishness and waywardnes of individuals. It produces in our township: among our people nothing but weakness jealousy, and heart- burnings. It is thegrea' rock ahead of the Protestant democratic re Iigion. Most fit and necessary, then, is i that we constitute so good a symbol of on: unity as shall strike the imagination throug] he eyes, and reduce to visible insignificance the specious independence of individuals, and the miserable feeling of parochial selfishness. I say, strike the imagina tion through the eyes. This is the only way of affecting ordinary men. It is for these various reasons, then, in connection with building, services, and Chapter, that I do earnestly desire to pcsh on this great work to which we have put our hands to-day. Let there be no looking back, no small fault finding, no useless regrets, no selfish stand ing aloof. Criticism is excellent in its place when determination is being formed, but afterwards it is mere feebleness. Care fully and patiently the Church Assembly in successive years considered the claims of every possible site, and deliberately fixed upon that of St. Paul's. 1 am persuaded their determination was right. He that doubts it should have seen the crowd who on Good Friday and Faster Sunday were unable to obtain admission at church. He should cast his eye over those church spires which mark the position of the priucipal churches of different denominations within a stone's throw of this spot. The time for criticism is past—the time for action has come. Let us all, then, with one heart and mind, press forward to the goal of so many hopes, in the name, by strength the of, and for the glory of Christ, our divine Master. Sir William Foster Stawell then spoke, and after a collection had been taken up, the proceedings concluded with cheers for the Governor, Bishop, Bean, and Mr W. J. Clarke, who, on the ground, contri buted a donation of £1000 towards fur thering the object. 