Tamworth. November 23. I The whole talk of the town at present is of the coming election here, and the chances of the several candidates for j Parliamentary honours are freely discussed. The field has j thinned considerably lately, Messrs. Cowper' and Lumley having, to all intents and purposes, retired; whilst Mr. Cullen has about that amount of chance represented by a ' ghost,' which, if he be a wise man, will cause him to hesitate before allowing himself to be put in nomination. The remaining four candidates are all hard at work and visiting the different parts of the electorate. Mr. Bourke went to Moonbi yesterday, where he adr dressed a meeting, and is due at Dungowan to-night for the same purpose. He does not intend to speak in Tam worth before next Thursday, nomination day. He appears to be a very popular candidate, of sound, practical ideas ; and although lie does not promise the moon to the electors if returned, he would, I believe, make a very useful j member for the district ; whilst, native-born and having j lived all his life here, he naturally knows more of the place, its wants and resources, than any of the other candi dates. From present appearances his chance seems to be a very good one ; and whenever one hears two names coupled as the likely successful candidates, Burke's is nearly alwavs ore of the two. Mr. Sydney Burdekin has a goodly number of supporters also, ana will poll a large number of voters in Tamworth I think. Being a man of education, means, and influence' a great many of the electors would rejoice to see him obtain one of the seats, and there is a very good prospect of his return. His defeat was only a very small one when he opposed Mr. Hanley Bennett before, and I think the tables will be turned on this occasion. Mr. Levien spoke from the balcony of the Criterion Hotel, in Tamworth, last Tuesday night for more than an hour, and was listened tobv a large gathering of people. He gave his opinion on alftho most important political topics of the day, and said he was quite convinced he would be at the top of the poll on elec tion day. If he be returned, he will have to work uncom monly hard to fulfil all the promises he has made. His advocacy of the remission of interest on conditional purchases has losthim many friends ; as, although it is an attractive bait at first blush, it will not stand the force of argument in the present condition of the country. He was exceedingly 'rough' on the judicial bench of the colony, severely criticising the ability and honesty of the Judges, and diving into geology to call them names. As he is an advocate of cheap law, it would be a splendid example of practical virtue if he were to call all his former clients together and return them, say, 25 per cent, of their costs. His strictures on the Civil Service also were hot and scathing, and, according to his enunciations, every member had entered the service at the end of a pitchfork. It is a question whether such extravagance of style does not defeat itself amongst people of education. Mr. Cullen spoke from the balcony of the Commercial Hotel here on Saturday night, and' had a very good tempered audience, who kept up a running fire of jokes at him, varied now and again by an antiquated egg. He will be more than an egotist if he goes to nomination. The allusion to politics from the pulpit, whence tho doctrines of religion are supposed to be preached, has always been condemned; but it appears that some of our clergy think differently on the subject, and the Rev. J. Phillips held forth last Sunday morning at the Wesleyan Methodist church on ' Our Election,' a noticeof which had been duly advertised in the church column of the local Press. 1 wonder what good it will do Hanley Bennett. A grand vocal and instrumental conceit is to be given by lady and gentleman amateurs in the Mechanics' Institute next Thursday evening, in aid of the St. John's (Anglican) Church organ fund, when a full house is expected in answer to the appeal. The first annual meeting of the Tamworth branch of the Bible Society was held on the 17th instant in the Mechanics' Institute, when the Revs. W. J. K. Piddington, A. Arm strong, J. Phillips, and other gentlemen addressed tho assembly. The Anti-Chinese League of Tamworth is still to the fore, and there was a meeting of members for the. discussion of beer and business on the 18th instant. The farmers are getting their wheat in fast, and arc well satisfied with their reaping. The weather is splendid, bright and sunny, but not too hot. Measles has boon rather prevalent in the town of late. Our townsfolk have been sadly exercised lately over tho result of the aquatic match on the Thames, but are steadily recovering under the influence of Laycock's win in the Hop Bitters race, and have quite settled the future by saying that Laycock will now challenge Hanlan and beat hini, so that the final result will be that Australia Felix will be Australia Victrix also. Of course, the wish is by no means parent to the thought, although apparently it might be. 