Chapter IV. — Heh Last Appearance. Mrs'. Chose guessed, from certain signs, what had taken place,-' arid she walked about like a guilty thing. Her tender conscience reproached' her now for not'having prevented this climax. She felt that by warning Gipsy, she might have dono so. . Gipay herself* was exceedingly unhappy about the matter, but she could not blame herself for not having prevented what she had never foreseon.- 3 ven now it filled her with amazement whenever sho thought of it. She could not understand how it had hap pened that ?o clever a man .as Mr. Murcott should not have scon that it was what he said that had always interested her, and not he himself. She smiled bitterly when she thought of the affair. It brought before her sb clearly her own woaknessaud folly. Had Bhe been planning her own .life with, unlimited power, thin would have been the man of all others sho would have chosen as 'eminently suitable to be her husband. And now, that Fato had arranged it for her, sho felt ' that if her life' depended upon it she could not marry him — that she could nover marry at:, all now .that Jack was lost to her. ? Sho was very much troubled and 'annpyed at. what ...had decurred, and it was rather fortunate for her.that justat this time the part of Juliet, wns assigned to hen Sho was delighted,, but very anxious. It was a high flight' for so young a beginner.' Poor Juliet's 'love 'and woe seized hold upon her, and her .own .life . became unreal'', arid vague. She .was, glad.,-, to' forget it— she preferred . the ia.nd . of . .fiction. There, and only there, lovers were faithful, and if they died, it was better for them than to live oa. in 'this incomplete, real-life fashion. So she let herself go' right into the poet's* world, and walkod about for a week as though in a dream. She planned a dress of craavny satin and - pearl shade, in the old Italian style, that she had seen and admired in Titian's pictures ; and when the, eventful night c.ime and she put it on' and around her neck and arms, the heavy, irregular Roman pearls that Jack, when little m*re;thdri a' boy, had brought hoi1 from his travels, she was very beautiful to look upon. With her delicate clear cut features, her bril liant dark complexion, her large passionate eyes, she was a Juliet worthy to have stepped ? r from a great artist's canvas. She felt nervous and excited, but hopeful and almost confident. The audience, with whom the had become a great favorite, greeted her warmly, and the ,. tirst^ act passed smoothly enough. In the second and third, she surpassed hcreclf, and the -house' became enthusiastic ; but in the fourth, just as ' she was about to take the ' ' ?-? Friar's potion, just after she.had spoken the line, . Hut look, I see my cousin's gliost Booking out Iiomoo, ^ to the surprise . of ?' the audience sho paused, '' ' transfixed,. ..as though she liad indeed; seen ? ? a ghost ' airiongsfc.them, made a feeble effort to .proceed', with the business of the play, '? . - tottered and fell insensible. There was some ^ ( confusion at the back, and then the curtain was lowered. Then the manager came forward ?- fj - ?- and said that Miss Jastram had become sud denly indispo3ud, but that he trusted she would soon be sufficiently recovered to finish the tragedy, and he must beg the indulgence of the audience should there bo any delay. There was, however, none. Mrs. Chase as- --'' sured the manager when he left the stage that ' Gipsy had revived and would- ba quite ready for her last scene The old lady, in much agitation, hurried back to the dressing-room, where she found Gipsy, looking very white, ? but perfectly happy. . , 'My dear child, what was the matter with you J' ' ' ? . ' ;.' Matter, Auntie ! Matter enough ! I saw a' ghost.' Was that not enough to make any one faint? And such a dear ghost, Auntie; but oh,'.; it looked so 'stem and sad!' and * Gipsy broke out half laughing, half cryingl .-. '?What do you mean, child? Calm,, your-, * ' ' '? self. Remember, you have the last scene to... go' through.' ' .' '''?.* 'Jack, Aunty, dear old. Jack! ' There, '?? amongst ths audience, looking all loyo and disapprobation. (; Don't say another word, or the real love story will be too much forme, arid poor Juliet will come to an end even more untimely ' than Shakspeare intended.' . Gip3y never quite knew how sho finished the performance, nor how she' dressed, nor how she got; away from the.thcatie at last. - ,' What Bhe did know \vastrtliat as she 'issued . from the stage door a tall figure, stood, beforo her, 'and she had a shameful recollection of weakly esclaimlng, ' Oh, Jack ; oh, my love, never let ine go again ! I have .been so wretched !' n'nd of feeling herself clasped closely for a moment arid of being scolded and 'potted at the same time. ? '-*' ' But, Jack; are you not married ?'?'*? 'Married1,!. .No, of course not j but I Iiopp very soon to^ be.' 'But I saw in one of the English papers that you were going to niarryj Edith Char-'' teret.'.' . ' ? ' 'Yes, but the mistake was afterwards acknowledged and apologised for.' .- '-', ' Then why have you been so long in finding ' mo ?' 'asked the girl, reproachfully and most unreasonably. ' You wretched Gipsy. . ? I have been half over America, looking for you.' '' And how did you find mo at last ?' 'A detective found you. Yes,1 unhappy girl, through your own. mad conduct, you have been for some time past sharing tho attention of Scotland .Yard with the most notorious criminals of the day !' '_ \ - ' ? ' Oh, Jack !' Gipey was shocked. 'Well, j'ou .brought 'it on yourself; but I have found you now, and when next you think of travelling we will travel together,. and as soon as possible we will begin by starting for '*?''* England.' ' But Lady Augusta, Jack ? ' , 'Has learned a lesson ^from'/her son'sy, wretchedness,, and wiHgiv'e'you a: welcoino* that, I think, will surprise you. - Why, Gipsy, I '..was nearly mad when I thought I had loyt ...,'. Y you.' ;.::(' Gipsy's theatrical career was over. She had '??'* learned a great lesson- — that a woman may be '- strong, but/Lthat she 'id rarely as strong as love ; and that if a struggle do ensue between them, sho generally gets worsted. . ' What has become of all your theories, Gipsy,' said Jack, a week later, ; looking ' into the loving, beaming face of his bride. -— _^. ', Oh, they aro all hero still,' laughing and touching her forehead, ' but I have come to tho conclusion that if I must bo miserable, I had rather bo miserable with than without you.' - . 'But do you think you are going to be miserable':' arid, the _ young man looked earnestly and eoriously into tlie girl's eyes. . , '.'-!No, dear Jack,' and the eyelids fell, and - the. voico. trembled. ' I am ashamed to con fess it, for it proves my folly, but I am going to be very, very happy.' THE END. 