BAYMOND TEEEACK AND MILLEE'S FOKEST PUNT. To the Editor. Sib,— After undergoing all tne torments of tha cir cumlocution ollioo, by tho consumption of gacdueES. knows how many fathoms of red tape, Raymond Terrace bad presented, about five weeks apo, to its paternal care the steam punt. But. notwithstand ing all tho fostering care of the engineer of that ferry, tho Government bantling gave up the ghost, and had to be taken away as useless, and wo are left to the old practice of hand grinding the antiquated punt across the river (wind and weather permitting). Bow long such a state of things is to exist no one can tell, but presume it will be like a Chancery suit in the oidin days ; surely a Lord Brougham is -wanted in the Roads and Bridges Department to sweep away tho oobwebs.— Tours truly, A WEAEY TRAVELLER. January 30, 1S30. In the proBccution of Newton, solicitor, for for' gory, we are authorised to state. that the prosecution was instituted by th« Crown, and Mr. G.B. Simpson, the barrister, who conducted the prosecution, was in struuted bv the Crown Solicitor. On the recommendation of tho Colonial Office, tho Royal llmnn.no Society's lledul has been awarded to William Jenkins and his boat's orow for Baving up wards of 100 women and children from the wreoks of tho City of Auckland and the felixstowe, off the coast of New Zealand ; and also on Mr. George Wise, of the civil service, Queensland, for saving a boy named Kennedy from drowning at Brisbane. It waB incidentally mentioned that this was the fourth life gavedfroindrowningby Mr. Wise. A public metituig was hold last night at tic Native Eose Hotel, Western-street, Balaam, in the interest of Mr. Gcorgo Clubb, Beattio-street, who addressed the electors m support of hiB candidature, and epokc at length, condemning thn expenditure of moneys upon almost useless worke, and for interestad motives of certain mombors of the council. Messrs. J. T. Maxwell, A. M'Gaire, and othor gentlemen spoke in favour of Mr. Clnbb, and tha jnsttjng was J&oufibt; to a eloso wtth Antee Q^Bxs_£or the Queen, 