THE FUNERAL OF SIR REDMOND BARRY. (From Saturday's Argus.) TInE remains of the late Sir Redmond Barry, K.C.M.G., the senior judge of the Supreme Court, and one of our oldest most eminent colonists, were interred yesterday in the Melbourne General Cemetery. The friends of the deceased expressed a wish that the funeral ceremony might be conducted as pri vately as possible, and it was accordingly arranged that there should be no unnecessary display. The long and invaluable services which his Honour had rendered to the colony called forth, however, a spontaneous desire from all sections of the community to show on this melancholy occasion a fitting respect for his memory. Seeing, therefore, that the cor tege would be unusually large, Mr. Sleight, the undertaker, made special arrangements for the conduct of the procession, and was readily assisted in carrying these out by In spector Montfort, of the police force. The law courts and offices were closed for the occasion, as were also the offices of the Chief Secretary's department, and the flags which were flying half-mast high in various parts of the city proclaimed that Victoria was about to bury one of her greatest colonists. By 2 o'clock in the afternoon persons began to collect at the street corners in East Mel bourne to witness the funeral, and half an, hour later the carriages commenced to as semble. As the private carriages arrived they were ranged up Albert-street until they reached as far as Lansdowne-street. The hired waggonettes and hansoms were ranked along the other half of Albert-street towards Hoddle-street. The hearse and mourning coaches were earlier on the scene, and were arranged opposite the deceased's residence, in Clarendon-street. The hearse was crowned with a wreath of myrtle, and the horsecloths were enriched with the crest of the deceased knight. Exactly at 3 o'clock the coffin was borne out of the residence, and placed in the hearse, and the cortege at once moved on up Clarendon-street. The hearse was preceded by carriages occupied by. the Bishop of Mel bourne and clergymen of the Church of England denomination and several clergymen of the Roman Catholic Church, and followed by five mourning coaches. After these came the private carriages and buggies, and then the hired vehicles. Passing up Clarendon street the funeral procession turned into Victoria-parade, thence vid Victoria-street up Madeline-street, and then moved direct towards the cemetery. It was impossible to see the entire length of the procession at any time, as there was no stretch of road in the route traversed sufficient to show it in an unbroken line. The first carriage had almost reached the University before the last had passed the Exhibition. There were in all about 150 vehicles, comprising five mourning coaches, 70 or 80 private vehicles, and an immense number of waggonettes and hansom cabs. As nearly as could be judged, the whole procession was about a mile and a half in length, and it occupied half an hour in passing any given point. The shops along the route put up their shutters, and the streets were.lined with people all the way to the cemetery. The dome of the Exhibition building and every coigne of vantage along the route were almost crowded with specta tors. In Madeline- street the members of the University awaited the funeral at the medical gate in academic costume, and when it ap proached they led the way to the cemetery. The cortege was thus completed, and the order of the procession may be now given as follows: THE UNIVERSITY OF MELBOURNE. Under-graduates. (about 100.) Bachelors of Arts, Medicine, and Laws. (about 50.) M. asters and Doctors. (about 20.) The Warden of the Senate (The Hon. J. Madden, LL.D.) The Registrar (Mr. E. F. A'Beckett.) Lecturers. Professor J. S. Elkington, M.A., Mr. J. D. Kirk-. land, Professor Pirani, M.A., Dr. Barker, Mr. W. C. Kernot, M.A., C.E., and Dr. Robertson. Professor M'Coy, President of the Professional Board. The Hon. W. E. Hearn, LL.D., and Professor Strong. Members of the Council. Mr. M'Farland, Dr. Mackay, Dr. Morrison, Pro fessor Irving, and Professor Andrew. The Vice-Chancellor (Dr. A. C. Brownless.) S Private carrriage (Occupied by Drs. Ginalst and Teague.) Carriage of the Archbishop of Melbourne. (Occupied by the Ven. Arch-priest O'leara and Sother uoman Catholic clergymen.) ICarriage of the Dean oQ Melbourne. (Occupied by Dean Macartney. and the Rev. C. S. Perry.) : * Mourning coach (Occupied by the Bishop of Melbourne and the . Rev. Canon Chase.) The Hearse. Five Mourning Coaches. lst. Occupied by relatives of the deceased. 2nd. Occupied by His Honour Sir Wm. Stawell, Chief Justice of the colony; Mr. Gurner, solicitor; and Mr. D. C. M'Arthur. 3rd. Occupied by His Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth, His Honour Mr. Justice Stephen, His Honour Mr. Justice Higinbotham, and Mr. James Moore. 4th. Occupied by the Hon. James Graham, Mr. Candler, and Mr. Jones. 5th. Occupied by the servants of the house hold. The Carriage of the Deceased Judge (empty.) Carriage of His Excellency the Marquis of Nor manby. (Occupied by Captain Le Patourel, Private Secre tary to His Excellency.) Three Private Carriages. (Occupied by His Worship the Mayor, the Alder men and Councillors of Melbourne, viz:--The Mayor (Cr. Meares), Alderman Moubray, Stewart, Gatehouse, .O'Grady; Councillors Wilks, Lee, Zevenboom, Garton, Dodgshun, and Bowen, and Mr. Fitzgibbon, the Town Clerk. Three Carriages (Occupied by Councillor M'Mahon, Mayor of Fitz roy, and the Councillors of that city.) Three Carriages (Occupied by Councillor H. Walker, Mayor of Collingwood, and the Councillors of that city.) Following these came a long line of private carriages. The funeral arrived at the cemetery at half past 4 o'clock, and by that hour several hundreds of persons, including many leading citizens, had assembled in the grounds. At the grave the Bishop of Melbourne officiated, assisted by the Dean of Melbourne and the Revs. Canon S. L. Chase and Canon M. H. Becher. The pall-bearers were--Sir W. F. Stawell, chief justice; Mr. Justice Moles worth, Mr. Justice Stephen, Mr. Justice Higinbotham, Sir W. H. F. Mitchell (presi dent of the Legislative Council), represented in consequence of his lameness, by Mr. Gurner; Dr. Brownless, vice-chancellor of the University; and Messrs. D. C. M'Arthur and James Moore. In order to prevent a crush at the grave, a small area around it had been enclosed by a rope, and several con stables were present to prevent unauthorised ingress into the enclosure. The procession from the gates was headed by the members of the University, who then formed a circle two or three deep round the grave. The ordinary Church of England burial service was read by the Bishop of Melbourne, but no funeral oration was delivered. It may be added that the coffin was placed in a small bricked vault, three or four feet high, the roof of which consists of slabs of slate. The brickwork will serve as the foundation of the monument, which it is to be presumed will be erected over the grave. The body was encased in lead, and the outer coffin was made of polished blackwood, with silver and gilt mountings, and bore a brass plate with the following inscription:-" Sir Redmond Barry, K.C.M.G. Died November 23, 1880, aged 67." ONCE a story gets started you can never tell when it will stop, however often it may be declared to be untrue. The paragraph about a Manuscript, written by St. Peter, having been discovered in the cave of a hermit near Jerusalem, is still going the round of the newspaper press, coupled with the statement that the British and Foreign Bible Society has been trying to get possession of it by a payment of £20,000 ! The report is, of course, utterly .without foundation, and has been denied over and over again by the representatives of the Bible Society ; but no doubt it will still be repeated, and by credu lous people be believed to be true.-Christian World. LEVER used to tell with infinite drollery the following story of Mr. M'Glashan, his Dublin publisher, who was a Scotchman. At a certain dinner, tearing to be made " fou" by the wild Irish authors and scribblers, ,he left the table, having taken his fair share of wine, to join the ladies in the drawing-room. After a while the company heard unearthly noises in the pantry, just behind the dining room. They listened, and they wondered. What could it be ? Were there really ghosts in the house, as had been whispered in its ancient traditions ? But, summoning courage, they went en masse, and they found that worthy M'Glashan had, under the impression that he was going upstairs to the ladies, as scended shelt after shelf of the pantry, and was at the moment lying at full length on the uppermost, kicking furiously at the ceiling and side-walls, and expressing the utmost surprise that he could not " get upstairs." WARTs ON HORSES.-There are several ways of removing these unsightly excres cences. One way is by first picking off the rough outer surface, so as to make them bleed, and then rubbing in with a stiff brush some yellow opiment-to be had at the druggist's -wetted with alittle water. This will cause considerable inflammation, and in a few days the wart will drop off, leaving a healthy sore which soon heals. Sometimes the whole wart does not come off on the first applica tion, in which case a second must be made. Of course, where there are many warts, all should not be operated upon at the same time, for humanity's sake. Another way is: Arm a common suture needle with a double liga ture, each made of three threads of saddler's twine; pass the needle through the centre of the wart close to the skin, tie each part sepa rately with a surgeon's knot, as tightly as possible; cut the ends off close to the knot, and in a short time the whole will drop off. This for a wart with a broad base; one with a small base may generally be removed by tying a single ligature round the base. If the sore does not heal soon, moisten it occa sionally with tincture of aloes and myrrh; and if it shows a tendency to ulcerate, sprinkle it with powdered charcoal and blood-root in equal parts. This is a slow and painful pro cess, and perhaps the best and least painful way isby theuse of the knite. Take a sharp pointed knife and run the blade through the wart or several in succession, with an upward motion, the edge being turned away from the skin. Remove the interior of the wart, and occasionally touch the wart with a solution of chloride of zinc-one grain to an ounce of water. When the wart is of a cartilaginous kind, cut it offat the base, and stop the bleed ing with tincture of muriate of iron, tincture of'mastic, or other styptic. Warts may also be removed by the application of butter of antimony, or, stronger, by nitrate of silver or lunar caustic; or, stronger still, sulphurio acid, made into a paste with powdered suil phur, and applied by means of a flat piece of wood. BEaORu Gladstone assumed office his letters received averaged 100 per d.y. Now they are legion, and hekeeps five private secretaries. iwho read and reduce the " copy" to a " breo; vity," and then lay it before hini. GL.ADSTONE insists upon having always seven hours sleep, and eight if. he can get it. 