NEWS OF THE WEEK.I The weather is seasonable, although rather cool for the time of year. Harvesting is now the general rule throughout these districts. In the Tumut distriot the crops are fair, but about Gundagai and Cootamundra they are light. ? Wk are glad to learn from the 'Wagga Wagga Express* that the residents of the Wagga district know nothing of tho presence of rabbits amongst them ; but we may mention that we were assured by a . well-known and highly-respected resident of that distriot that these troublesome little pests are to be found there, although, perhaps, not in great numbers. It roust bo borne in mind, however, that there will probably be ten next year to every one now. The jury list for the ensuing year was re- vised on Friday last by Mr. Love, P.M., and Messrs. Crowe and Elworthy, J's.P. At the police oonrt on Friday, before Mr. Lovo, P.M., and Mr. Elworthy, Boger Carey appeared to answer a summons issued against him by the inspector of stock for using the fire brand of Mr. O'Donnell, of Mingay, without his permission. ' It-will be remembered tiat the .case was previously before the cpurt, and was remanded owing to the non-attendance of .the. defendant.'*, Defendant, now' admitted .^'that* he. had not Mr. O'Donnell's permission to use the brand, and was fined £1, with £2 2s. inspector's expenses, £1 10s. professional costs, and 5s. court fees. On Saturday last a man named Knott was charged before Mr. Love, P.M. by senior constable MoElligott for driving a horse whioh was girth-galled, and was fined £1. Yesterday, before Mr. Love, Martin Cook was brought up on remand, charged with being of unsound mind. It will be remembered that defendent had been found by oonstable mury wwiuenng aDout -uLunaario, ana mac on being arrested he gave incoherent replies to questions put to him, and that under these oir cumstanceB he had been remanded for medical treatment. Hp was discharged. Drama the severe thunderstorm which recently passed over this district, Father Finne gan was unfortunate enough to lose his way near Muttama, and was compelled to remain in the bush, exposed to tho tempest and rain, until daybreak between three and four next morning. The Gundagai Band of Hope held its usual monthly entertainment in the Wesleyan chapel on Friday evening last. The. attendance was very large, every seat being filled, and several were unable to find sitting-room; there must have been nearly two hundred present, repre senting especially the young of both sexes, with a. good sprinkling of adults. This must be highly gratifying to tho committee, whose ondeavours to please and instruct the people seem to be so well appreciated. The aim of the Booiety is to inculcate the principles of sobriety and morality among the people, especially the young folk, and so induce them to become membors by signing the pledge-book. If there have not been many speeches made on. the sub jeot at the various meetings, 'tho omission, no doubt, .has been, made to allow the children and young members the opportunity of pleasing the people with recitations and songs, which gene rally have in them some temperance instruc tion. The Band of Hope was born in December of last year, and made its first publio appear ance in January of this year. With one exception (owing to the rain) it has met every month, and- has eaoh time appeared to inorease in popularity. On Friday last Mr. John Putland occupied the chair, in the absence of higher officers. The choir sang 'Marching along.' After a short prayer, Mr. Putland said he was extremely sorry that the chairman of the last meeting should have alluded to political matters in his speech, which had given offence to some; however, he promised there wonld be no politics that night. The following pieces were then rendered, some receiving an amount of applause that showed they were heartily appreciated : — Choir, song, ' Sound the battle-cry ; ' Master F. Marshall, recitation, ' Among the animals ; ' Miss M. Cullen, reci tation, ' Our happy temperance band ; ' Misses E. Passlow and L. Taylor, dialogue, 'Inde- pendence ; ' Miss Crowther, song, ' The gipsy's warning ; ' Master James Putland, recitation, ' Not so bad ; ' Miss May Janes, recitation, ' Pa's letter ; ' Choir, song, ' Come, children, Bwell the chorus ; ' Mr. J. Menzies, recitation, . ' Delirium tremens ; ' Miss Grace Taylor, song, ' The sunny hours of childhood ; ' Mr. H. Bowditoh, recitation, ' Bruoe and the spider;' Ohoir, song, 'The reapers;'. Mr. ;E. Adams;' jun.i recitation, 'Close' the ale-Hoilse door ; ' Master H. 'Bussell, reoitation, ' Boys' -rights; ' Misses Alice Bussell and Ada Marshall, song, 'Blow; bright green waves;'' Miss Crowther, song, ' Beautiful snow ; ' Master B. Putland,. recitation, !' Hodge and -the. vicar ;?'? six^Jittte _girjs(- (Eva ^ang .Martha Cullen, Alice Bussell^ 6raceTaylc)'r, CF. Joremiat, and Ethel MoAIi^ter), part-song^'' The wia&ea; ' MiBS G. Jeremias, recitation, ' A letter to Jesus in heaven ; ' Mr. W. Beer, reading, ' Hafed's dream.' The National Anthem and the bene diction brought the proceedings to a close. Many of our readers will doubtless recolleot the butcher named Creeswell, better known in Gundagai as ' Leatherjacket,' who is atpresent in the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, and is sup posed by many to be the veritable Arthur Orton. We learn from a New Zealand journal that Captain Barry intends leaving that colony for New South Wales in order to identify him, and to make arrangements, if necessary, to have him conveyed to England in conneotion with the Tichborne case. A RULE mat has been granted for a new trial in the case of Kildea v. J. F. Jenkins, on the ground that the verdict was against evidence. It will be remembered that recently the plaintiff recovered £250 damages in the Supreme Court for false imprisonment. Last Saturday's issue of onr facetious con temporary, ' Sydney.Fun,' contains a laughable and clever cartoon entitled 'The Gundagai Ghost.' Sir Henry Parkes is represented as a mountebank seated on a very diminutive donkey, which is labelled ' Hedueation,' while right in front of them is the'shadow of the member for Gundagai, the Hon. 'William Forster. Last Sunday night a disgraceful scene was snooted at the west end of Sheridan Street, in the vicinity of Messrs. Walker and Co'e Steam Flour Mill. Two half naked youths, in the presence of a number of others, assetnblod at the plaoe indicated and fought a couple of rounds before they were separated. Suoh condnot is a disgrace to a Christian community, and we hope the police will take stepB to have the offending parties punished. . ,, ,, Complaints have been again made to us' of people leaving fire alight on their neighbour's land. One day last week some persons lit fires in the paddocks of- Mr. William WilliamB, near Willie Ploma for the purpose of smoking out bees, but neglected to extinguish them before leaving, and the consequence was that the fire catching the grass spread with great rapidity. Considerable difficulty was experienced in sub duing the flames, audit was not without. some trouble that Mr. J. S. Nicholls's, wheat; crops' were saved. It will be seen by advertisement that Mr. Williams will pay a reward of £10 for such information as will lead to the conviotion of the party or parties who left the fire imex tingnished. ? .V On Sunday last Mr. George Deighton met with a somewhat peculiar and very severe accident. He was passing out of his mother's premises at South Gundagai, when- meat-lvwk caught in the cheek near the eyebrow, and tore the eyelid nearly off. He sought at once Dr. McKillop's aid, and that gentleman stitched the Hd on and performed the other neoessary surgery. The wonder is that he 3id not lose the eye. ' Oue Adelong correspondent .writes, this week; —The Bev. H. Toungman delivered a lecture on 'Milton' in Hodgson's Assembly Hall, on Friday last to a small but appreciative audience. Mr. David Wilson occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer entered fully into the details of the poet's life, and criticised his writings, of which he gave several examples. Mr. Toungman is a finished speaker, and possesses very consider able talent as a lecturer, but as I know that the space at your command will not permit of the publication of a full report of the lecture, I think it better not to furnish you with an im perfeot one, especially as he will doubtless before very long re-deliver it in Gundagai. A very hearty vote of thanks to the rev. lecturer and to the chairman brought the proceedings to a con clusion. The object of the lecture was to raise - funds for the reading room. Tbe Government intended to introduce in Parliament, during the ensuing session, a: Bill to validate certain conditional purchases, whioh have been declared void for various reasons. Amongst the selections it is proposed to validate are the following, all of which are void by reason of being within reserves : — William Clark, 46a, Merrybindinah, selected at Gundagai, Nov. 26th, 1874 ; John S. Crompton, 80a, Adelong, selected at Gundagai, May 16th, 1878 ; Mathew Lee, 40a, Wondalga, seleoted at Tumut 9th May, 1878. An eclipse of the moon, visible throughout Australia, will take place on Thursday! night. . ; JtmsSWindeyerhasgranted a stay of proceed ings in the Dibbs v. Dibbs 'and Blair'case,^ pending the appeal of the petitioner against two orders for payment into court of the respective' sums of £200 and £250 to meet' respondent's costs. At a meeting of the Executive Council, Friday afternoon, Mr. Charles N. Oliver was appointed Under-Secretary for lands. Messes. J. Eales, P. G. King, Charles Moore, E. Hill, P. Higgins, John Lucas, J.- Smith, L. Smith, Captain Onslow, W. H. Suttor, and L. W. Levy have been summoned to seats in the Legislative Council. An unusual incident occurred at the Supreme Court during the hearing of the divorce case Dibbs v. Dibbs. In the course of his address to the jury on behalf of the petitioner,- Mr.- Dalley (according to the *S. D. Telegraph') spoke of the counsel on the other side and the ' wretched attorney who instructed them.' At this Mr. Darley rose and appealed to the Court against the learned gentleman being allowed to attaok in this way tho solicitor (Mr. Shepherd), who was as respectable a man as any in the profession. Hardly had Mr. Darley sat down, when Mr. Shepherd, who was sitting on the other side of the barristers' table, said with much warmth, ' Mr. Dalley is a coward,' adding after a short pause, and again in an audible tone, ' Mr. Dalley is 'twice a coward.' Mr. Justice Windeyer called for - silence, ojid said Mr. Shepherd must go out of Court if he could not restrain himself. Mr.' Dalley resumed his speech without taking, any notice, of Mr. Shepherd's interruption. ? A paboel of SO ozs. has been received at the Bank of New South Wales, Cootamundra (says the ' Herald,') from the 'rush at Junee.' It is' pronounced to be muoh 'better gold than that obtained at Temora. - ii*--^— -ii i Tbe escort from Temorathis .yreek (says the ' Cootamundra Herald ' of Saturday) brought in 1369ozs.'; the largest parcel . yet rcspiodtiy the escort from this field.' .Bank of New South Wales, 7o7 ozs. 18 dwts. ; ' Joint Stook Bank, 661 ozs. 7 dwts. . - F-}'-.- We learn that a Mrs. Charlotte Browne be came insolvent owing to losing in an . omnibus £429, the amount of polioyonherlate husband's life. Mb. J. F. Jenkinb, of Tumbleton, Bays the ?Wagga Advertiser,' of whose- enterprise as a sheep breeder most of our readers are aware, has just purchased, for the sum of 100 guineas, from Mr. George Bouse, of Biragambit, the pure, merino ram President. This ram took qhampion prize, also first in pen of two rams, and first in special prize for his class at the last Dubbo show, and numbers amongst his ancestors some of the best prizetakers of the celebrated Broom bee blood. -President cut fifteen- and a half lbs. of wool last shearing.' It has been recently decided that by the Statute of Limitations a stranger aotually in possession of a piece of land for sixty years becomes indefeasible owner of it, provided he: has not practised concealment or fraud, and: although the original owner has not beengtiitty of ' negligenoe ' and was: ignorant that ' the stranger was in'possession. ? The world may profess to despise money, but a brute who has it, receives more honor than a good man. without it. Wealth is thus 'the missing link ' that joins respeot to the disre spectable. In a case in which by will one-third of an estate was left to "first-cousins" and two thirds to "second-cousins," it has at last been decided that "second-cousins" are not, as very many suppose, first-cousins once removed, but persons descended from the same great-grand- father. A LAD, named Walter William Wayling, 10 years old, whilst wading in the river at Wagga on Sunday, fell into a deep -hole, and was drowned. An inquest was held and a verdict of accidental death was returned. A young man named Brown was killed last week by sunstroke, while engaged picking fruit at Ryde. Derwent Coleridge, a well known jour- nalist, and a near relative of the celebrated Coleridge family of England, died on Sunday. The Rev. James Jefferis, LL.B., minister of the Pitt-street Congregational Church, leaves on the 18th instant for twelve months' leave of absence for change of air in England, owing to bad health. ' Fbom Sydney we learn that Mr. Hugh Kennedy,- registrar of the University, has gone completely put of his mind. It appears he had recently been most successful in .-some large speculations, and now runB away with the idea that he' is 'a millionaire. He went into the Crown and Anchor Hotel, Sydney, called for a glass of wino, and putting down a cheque for £1000, told the barmaid ' to keep the change.' He next went to Pfahlort's hotel in Wynyard square, and called cabs up until there were forty-seven near the hotel. He said he would go and say good-bye to his friends, taking a freBh cab for each. (It afterwards turned out that he had paid his passage for London.) He, however, changed his mind as to visiting his friends. and asked how much was wanted for Pfahlert's hotel ? He immediately drew out a cheque for an extravagant sum mentioned, handed it over, and turning to the occupants ordered them to ' clear out,' as the place was his. It at laBt became necessary to place the unfortunate gentleman in Gladesville, where he now is. 