JUST AS I AM. BY MISS BJ'.ADDON, Author of " lady Audletfs Secret? " Taken at tic F,ood? " A Strange World? " Dead Metis Shot? " Weavers and Weft? $c., $c. inuiaaed by special arrangement -with the Author, All rights reserred.] - Chapter XXXVII.—I Must Bide My Time. Mr. Jebb put bis band into tbe cavity ■where the seven bottles of whiskyhad been, and groped among the sawdust and cob webs, not with the hope of making any discovery, but in utter helplessness and be wilderment. Suddenly, as his hand ex plored the brickwork, a new and awful light flooded his mind. Four or five of the. bricks had been loosened and removed, and put back again in their places ! They yielded to Ms touch. He pulled them out one by one, and beheld a gap through which the robber could easily have put his hands and pulled out the bottles. The whole thing was clear; the theft had been but too easy. The cellar wall backed upon the stable yard, and anybody in that yard could have removed the bricks. It must have been a work of time; a work to be done under cover of night and darkness; for it had to be so neatly done as to escape the master's eye. Who could have clone this but the characterless groom, the waif, whose sod dened appearance had impressed Mr. Jebb in the first instance, hut to which he had been willingly blind .when he found that the man suited his purpose. Mr. Jet& had not a doubt as to Tinker's ~ guilt. He rushed out~:of the cellar, locking the door hurriedly. Alas, what availed lock or bolt when his wall had been violated! He hurried by the back door to the stable yard, heedless of the rain wMch fell upon Ms uncovered head, and unearthed Tinker in Ms shed among the empty bottles, harness, and boots. The man smelt of whisky. Yes, the wretch reeked with the evidence of his crime. He had taken advantage of a wet afternoon to leave his harness uncleaned. MHe Bat nodding over a newspaper, with an empty mug beside him ; and mug aud man Mike sent forth the odor of choicest Glen livat. " You villain," cried Sbafto, " what have you done with those' seven bottleB o whisky? You thief, you artful under mining vagabond. Get out of my place— begone—or I'll give you in charge for bnrglary. By heavens, I'll do it, if I were net ashamed of my own folly in harboring such a scoundrel." Tinker at first denied his guilt, then grew sullen, grumbled an oath or two, collected his few rags in a bundle, and walked out ot° the yard, Mr. Jebb escorting Mm, But on the threshold he stopped, snapped his fingers at his late employer,''and exclaimed— " Do you think I want your beggarly, place ? I can get a better in an hour if I lite to ask for it. Sir-Everard Coirtenay will take me, Til warrant. He wouldn't dare to refuse, knowing what I know." The man was tolerably fargone in whisky — drunk enough to .fie reckless, sober enough to know what he was saying. Upon Shafto Jehb's ear the man's speech fell unheeded. His brain was fired by Hd great wrong, and he could think of no^^ff else. Seven bottles of that splpadid-^hisKy, «ue gift of a friend who J. ® be again so generous! ■» think_that this wretch, by loor-^ »few crumbling eld red hricWfc-tfe* T vv^/etat« -nich Mr. Jebb had carefully epP "^e choicest treasures of his cellar. Jne thing was fiendish. " Get out of the place," he roared, " or 111 kick you out." '•Not without my week's wages," said -the man. " You may whistle for your wages. You've had seven bottles of my choicest whisky, and heaven knows what besides. •Get. out, y ou housebreaking vampire!" The man walked sulkily away, and -turning to go back to his violated cellar, an order to see how the brickwork could be most speedily made solid and secure, Mr. Jebb found himself face to faee with Jane Barnard. " Oh, if you please, sir, mistress sent me out with your* coat and hat, and will you go in directly, she says, for fear of adding to your cold." "Hangmy coid," cried Shafto, savagely "1 want a bricklayer." \ " A bricklayer, &<r ?" AYes, woman, a bricklayer, to wall up a cellar. Run down to' the village and tell Dubbs the builder to send me his man directly, with a few nsW bricks and a hod of mortar," . Mrs. Barnard did. not wai'v to ho hidden twice. There was a fine dialing raio fall!tig, and jshe had no covering on her neat sleek hted, except the little muslin cap -which was her badge of servitude; but she ran out of the yard as fast as her active feet could carry her, and, once outside, stopped and looked about her. " ; There stood the'dismissed drudge, lean-, ing, against thepalings of a'cottage garden a little way down the road, despondently contemplative of a litter of black pigs which were perambulating the prostrate form of their female parent as coolly as if she had been a grassy hill-side.' Mrs. Barnard had to pass the man on her way to the builder's, and even if Mr. Jebbhad been welching: her, which he was not, it would scarcely have seemed strange thatshe should linger for half a minute to speak to him. "I want a few minutes' talk with you," she said. "It will he for your advantage. Meet me at nine o'clock to-night iu the lane behind the Homestead." " You don't mean no harm agen poor old Tiukey?" "What harin should I mean ? Haven't I always been kind to you ? "You have," whimpered the maudlin wietch,; exhaling whisky. "Yeu're a trump. I'll trust you. Nine o'clock? I'll be there. I'll'take nap in old Hazel's hay stack between, whiles. 1 Farmer Hazel's rick yard was close to the surgeon's/untidy kitchen garden, the Home-., stead having once been the dwelling-house attached to Farmer Hazel's land. • Tinker seemed in earnest, and Mrs. Bar hard was fain to believe him, and to go on. with her day's; work, waiting anxiously for. nine o'clock, by which hour^the'Obildren would be in bed, and the nurse might count upon a brief interval of freedom. . The rain had ceased after dark, and_ when Mrs. Barnard went out to keep, her appointment the sky had cleared, and a few stars were shining through the grey. She told the Cook she was going up the village to get some darning cotton at the' shop, knowing that, as in a general way, half-an-hour's .gossip accompanied tlie smallest transaction at that compendious repository. She might be out for some little -time without exciting curiosity or wonder by her absence. She went down the narrow cinder path between the gooseberry and currant bushes and rank overgrown onions, and let herself out by a little , gate at the bottom of the garden, which opened into a harrow lane between the Homestead and Farmer Hazel's rick yard. A little way down this lane stood the broad five-barred gate leading .into the rick yard, and on the top rail sat a slouching half-doubled up figure which Mrs. Barnard knew must be that of the dismissed groom; He had slept off his intoxication, and was now in a somewhat morose and de pressed condition, the outlook before him being far from hopeful. '"Well, Mrs. Nurse," he grumbled, as Jane Barnard approached him, " Here I am, a dancing attendance upon your lady ship's pleasure, and yet 1 don't suppose you will give me the price of a night's lodging." "There you are mistaken," said Jane, cheerfully. "I am not quite so bad hearted as you think. I am a poor work ing woman, but as fair as half a sovereign goes " "Half a quid!" cried Tinker, . " You're a duchess. Make it a whole one, and I'll say you're a reg'lar trump." " If you tell me what I want to know— speaking the truth fully and frankly—Til give you a sovereign for your trouble; I'd do so even if it were the last coin I bad in the world. When you were leaving the yard this afternoon you spoke of Sir Everard Oourtenay—you spoke as if you knew something—something of his past history which he would not like everybody else to know." The man -was stall seated on the gate, his shrunken figure bent nearly double, a short clay pipe in the corner of his mouth, from which he slowly sent forth a puff of rank tobacco now and then. Mrs. Barnard stood close to. him, holding the gate, speaking in a low earnest voice, The wind had risen since the rain had ceased, and the tall poplars in the hedge row were rustling and creaking with a monotonous ebb and flow of sound which prevented Mrs. Barnard or her companion hearing another sound near at hand, the fall of a stealthy footstep on the other side of the tangled blackbery hedge, which screened Mr. Jebb's kitchen garden from the vulgar gaze. The footsteps travelled slowly along the narrow, weedy path inside the hedge, and came to a dead stop just opposite the gate on which Tinker had perched him self." "I'm not going to tell you what I know about him," said Tinker, in a sullen tone. "A quid indeed. I should want forty quids. Do you suppose I couldn't turn my knowledge to better account with the baronet himself?" " I'm sure you couldn't." I "Why?". " Because if you'd been able to make money out of him in all these years, you'd i have done it." " What do you mean by all these years ?" asked Tinker, in tones of increasing surli ness. ! " I mean that whatever knowledge you have about Sir Everard Courtenay is know- j ledge that came to you twenty years ago last October." The man started slightly, and looked at the speaker sharply from under his shaggy brows. "And that if you could have traded upon it in the meantime, you would have traded upon it. You're not the man to neglect a chance of that kind." Tinker gave an inward chuckle. " You're about right," he said. " I should .have screwed him uncommon tight if it had not been in his power to screw me. And I'll screw him yet, proud devil. I've got bo low down that I m pretty nigh as reckless as that man Vargas, and though I won't go so far as to put my head in a noose, I might risk being a lifer if I could put a rope round that stiff neck of his." "Do it," cried Jane Barnard, tremulous with excitement, and clutching the man's, bony wrist with her nervous, muscular hand. " Do it; I'll help you. Shall I tell you who I am? Yes, I will, and then perhaps you'll trust me, and help me. Iam Humphrey ^ Vargas's daughter. I want to prove that it was not he who murdered Mr. Blake. I want to clear his name of that crime if I can, for the sake of xuy children; or else when they grow up to be men and women and are working their way honestly ' in the world—to the front rank, perhaps, for they live in a free country where there is nothing to keep them back—people will be able to bring it up against them that their grandfather was a murderer. I want to find the real murderer. I know who he_ is, and you know, mid I believe Mr. Jebb knows, but it's only I that would risk my life to prove it " Humph," muttered the vagabond, look ing at her curiously as if such intensity of purpose were inexplicable to his jaded souU " You're a rum 'un. Supposing I cpuld help yon to bring the murder home to the right party. Supposin' it should suit my temper to stand up in a witness box and tell what I know—what would you give me forihe risk I ran ?" " My husband is in a small way of business, working hard for every dollar he' earns; but if your evidence can clear my father's name of the stain.of murder I will give you a hundred pounds?" 1 " How caul beiuie bt tire money ? Y,our husband's in Aihencu. When I've, done what you -want I may whistle for mv reward.Whatsecurity dan you give me??, f.a .. ... . ic ! Jane Barnard was silent. ' This question, which seemed a natural one for the man to ask, was a difficult one for her to answer,.; What security could' she offer—a stranger, inthelaiifl? , She could think of only one person who would , he likely io help her in this matter, and that was Morton Blake. But' even- of his help she could not becertaiD, for here-. tofore he had been; deaf to .her pleading. Yet could she but offer him confirmatory evidence of her ; father's innocence-- he could hardly refuse to help her. Might he not be more ready to do so now that the tie between him and Miss Courtenay was broken? "If Mr. Blake were willing to be my . security," said Jane Barnard, "would you believe me then ?" . "I'd believe him," grumbled the man. "He's ^ood for a hundred pound. You him tome at any place appointed,, and let him give his word to pay ine a cool hundred the day I give my evidence against Sir Everard Courtenay, and 1 don't mind risking the witness-box. For it is a risk to ma. There's things that might be brought upr against me by people with plaguey long memories; but if I once again get clear out of the court and my hundred down I'd soon be clear out o' the country. And I should like to have a shy at Sir Everard before I kick the bucket; He was a- trifle too high-handed with me twenty years ago, and I was a fool to take things as quietly as I did." "I will txy! to see Morton Blake' to morrow," said Mrs. Barnard, " and if your, evidence is really worth having— " Worth haying," cried Tinker, who by recalling past! injuries which had been rankling in his mind for years bad worked himself into a jfeverish condition;! "why my evidence, c$n prove that on the night of the murder, Sir Everard Courtenay—a gentleman that was always regular-and orderly in his habits, always one' of 'the earliest to come home from the hunt, never being more than a half-hearted sportsman, didn't get home till nine o'clock, and they'd killed their fox not five mile from Aus thorpe at five, mind you, and rode into the stable yard'all over' mud, with his horse dead beat and dead lame, and cut about as I'd never seen any horse of his cut since I'd been undergroom at Fairview." "Oh," said Mrs. Barnard, "then you were in bis service at the time ?" " Of course I was," answered Tinker. "How should; I have known anything about it if I wasn't ? I was in the yard when he came in, waiting to take bis horse,'for the head groom had ridden off .to Highclere to get another doctor for my lady, who was lying , dangerously ill. He was as pale as a ghost, and he just got off his horse, and chucked the bridle to me, and walked indoors without a word. I noticed that he'd lost one of his spurs, but I didn't think much about that. It was his lookB and the horse's condition that took my attention. ' There's bad news for you indoors,' says I to myself, 'and you look bad enough already, just as if you knew what was coming.' It was about an hour after when the groom came back, driving the Highclere doctor in Sir Everard's dog cart. They had passed the place where Mr. Blake had been found, and bad heard all about the murder." "Did not the head groom, or any one else in the house, make any remark about Sir Everard's being out so unusually late?" asked Mrs.-Barnard. " I don't know that anybody did. You see the whole house was upset about my lady. She Was lying at death's door, poor thing, and nobody could think of anything . or anybody else.1 Before the clock struck 12 she was dead, and Austhorpe bell, that had been tolling for Mr. Blake,- began to toll for her. That night was a fine harvest for the sexton !" "Did vou see Sir Everard next dav?" asked Mrs. Barnard. " No, he was shut up in the room with his dead wife. -They say he hardly left her till her coffin was carried out of the house. Early next morning, pretty nigh as soon asit was light, I was at the place where the murder was done. I knew the spot by what Jake, the groom,had told.j me, close against ; the pollard oak* and there were the. footprints of the men who had carried away the body, and the grass all trampled and beaten where the corpse had. heen dragged out of the ditch. I don't'; know what made me grope about and ex amine the place, for there wasn't much to see—idle curiosity I suppose; but the more ; I hung about the spot—the muddy ditGh, and the broken hedge above it, and the. bank, with the footprints of a horse shar pened off by a light morning frost,— the more I had Sir Everard and his white face, and his hunter all over muck and mire, in my mind. I couldn't give over puzzling myself why he should have been out so late on that particular night, and why he should have come home in such a state, him as was one of the neatest of riders, and used to bring his horse home as fresh as paint. 1 stood loitering about like, smoking my morning pipe, and looking at the place, when all at once I spied some thing glittering in the thick brambly hedge just below the ragged gap that showed where a horse had been over it. What could it be? Seme of the plunder which the murderer had pitched there in his haste to.be off. A pencil-case or a silver whistle, I thought; nothing much, or the fellow would have nobbled it. I sprang across the ditch, and scrambled up. the bank, and parted the brambles, and there I found a spur stuck fast, with one of the straps and buckles hanging to it just as it had been torn off, as the horse went over the hedge. It was a tough black-thorn branch that had done it. l knew the spur for SirEverard's by the make of it, and! should have known it for his anywhere, even if I had not no ticed the missing spur as he walked across the yard overnight. I put it into my pocket and jumped hack into the road just as the police constable and: his pal came up to search the place; but I didn't say a word to either of them as to what I'd found. ' Pretty clear where you was last night, Sir Everard, and what you was doing,' says I to myself; you gentlefolks gives way^to your- evil passions just as often as the i poorest of us, though all the catechism books teaches us different.'' "Bid you tell any one. what you had found F" asked Jane Barnard. "No; I kept turning the whole business over in my mind, for lwanted to find the j way as I could best make my account o! it. If I was to up and tell everything at the inquest, what should I be the better off for my evidence ? • Not a mag. I might put a, rope round Sir Everard^ neck; but "that . wouldn't put a coat oh my. back, or give-flu a dinner. My lay was tokeep~dark, and get all I could out of Sir Everard. 'I'v* got you under my thumb,' I said to myself) * and IH make you pay the piper.' Ay, and I'll make him pay yet>" be added, with a savage chuckle, " though the reckoning has been put off above twenty years." * " How was it you failed to make him pay for your silence, then ?" asked :Mrs. Bar nard. " Never you mind. . That's:my business. .Perhaps I didn't manage the affair as-, well: I might have doiie; perhaps r carried "things a trifle too. high, and <was too cock sure of his knocking mhdpr ahd bleeding, fieely. Anyhow, 'He rohndbd upon me, and instead of haying hip.in my power I. found it was me thatj wasi under his .thumb, qhd.inst^;pl]gej:riug a handsome price for - "®yrfle^:jt^.JaDjS:ed out like a uog, dnd .hadta&cose; ketWeen cutting my , lucky pr . getting intojqudd. Iffieiie'd^pepn ,ac$rifle pf^ picking and stealing ip ^e^ablps^yqu sep,)l •ad I was in it as well as the rest—perhaps I was a litflei-deeper in it than the rest— and t' the upshot was that I found myself without a place and without a character, and with my gentleman's odd spur for my only portable property. Well, I -was a careless, roving kind of dog in those days,r and' I didn't much mind where I went as.. long as' I had snug quarters and good,..grub; jso I didn't feel getting the sack, and I thought I'd bide my time. I went into Leicestershire, and got a berth in a hunting stable; for when a man can handle a horse' as I could" in; those days, and is a. smartish chap to look at into the bargain, character don't go for much. I told Lord Bullfinch's stud groom as I'd had a row with my master, and had got kicked out for cheeking-him, and I was took on without another question, and for the next ten years my life was pleasant enough, always falling on my feet some how. But I was never the kind of chap to" save money, and by-and-bye things began to go dead agen me, and. then it was all down hiil—liever no change in my luck except from bad to worse—till the day your governor found me hanging about the yard of the Peacock, glad to earn a few pence for a night's Shelter, or a mouthful of Spirits to keep the rheumatics out of my wretched old bones." "And in all the days of your poverty did y oU never appeal to Sir Everard ?" Didn't I, just? I wrote to him when I was hard up, pitching it yeiy humble, you know, and saying tj^iat though' I knew that about- Mr.-Blake's death as might- be inconvenient for him to have bandied about, I was the last of men to make use of my knowledge, but that I was in an awful fix for a ten-pound note,,and must get it some ways or other. At first he was civil, and used to send me the money; but without a word, just as you'd throw a dog a bone. Then one day there comes a letter from his valet, to say that Sir Everardhaving been lately imposed upon by various begging-letter writers/had made up his mind to take no further notice of any such appeals, and that if I wrote again he would place the matter -in the hands of the police. Bough upon me, wasn't it ?. Well, I didn't write again; but I con trived one day to waylay my gentleman just as he was leaving the Town Hall at High clere after a magistrates'. meeting, He looked uncommon proud) and uncommon handsome as hp came out of the hall, with .his figure well set Up, and his head held hieb, swinging a heavy cane hunting crop as he walked along. He'd left his horse at the Peacock, and it was in the narrow lane that leads from the town hall to the market place—a short cut, don't: y ou know—that I accosted him. I'd followed him into the lane, and it seemed a nice retired spot for me to say what I had to say. Well, there's no need to go into our; conversation. Instead of giving me a civilanswerhe turned upon me like a devil, clutched me by the collar, and getting me into an angle of the. wall where I had no more power to fight him than if I?d been a baby, he belabored me with his hunting crop till there was hardly enough life in me to shriek murder. He threatened that if ever I dared to address him again he'd beat me in the same" way. He laughed at what he called my impudent pretence of knowing something that might injure him if it were known to all- the world. Of course therewas.no policeman on the scene till my gentleman had gone, and there was I with every hone aching to get my revenge as best I might. ' Take out a summons \- against him for assault. and battery,' says the constable. '' Yes, but where's the wit ness to prove my .case?' asks I. What would have been the good of my taking my poor old hones before a magistrate against such a fine "gentleman as Sir Everard Gourtenay. ■ 1 No, my-man,'says I,-' it's a case of grin and bear it. I must bide my time.'"" The church clock chimed the half-hour. "I must get hack to the house,"said, Mrs. Barnard. "There's the tray to.be taken into the parlor for Mr. Jebb's grog." It was the surgeon's custom to comfort himself before going to bed with the light refreshment of a glass of gin and water and a biscuit or two. Jane Barnard brought out a well-worn leather purse from which she extracted some silver. " Here are five shillings," Bhe said. " Get yourself a supper and a bed at the Sugar Loaves, and meet me at three o'clock to-morrow afternoon on Tabgley Common, just in front of the Manor Houee sates. I shall have seen Mr. Blake, most likely, by that time, and shall know what is the best way of going to work." The man turned the shillings over in his palm with a dissatisfied air. " You said you were going to stand a_ quid," he muttered. " Five bob ain't much after waiting your convenience all these blessed hours." "It's more than enough to get you a supper, a bed and a breakfast," answered Jane, firmly, "if you don't waste any of it upon drink. If I were to give you more you'd go muddling your brain with spirits, and I want you to have all your wits about you to-morrow. .Remember, I mean to carry this business through. "So do I," answered the man, "butI must be paid for my trouble. I shall expect a pound or two from you to-morrow night. "You shall have it. Goodnight." " Good night," growled Tinker. Mrs. Barnard ran back to the house, and began, bustling about the kitchen getting her tray ready. The kettle was boiling on the hob, ready for the evening pota tions. ""Well, if you haven't stopped gossiping above a bit,"" exclaimed the cook, looking up from a greasy copy of last week's News of the World, where she had been spelling out a diabolical murder in the Potteries. "Youmust have found Mrs. Simcox un common pleasant. What was you talking about?" " Old times," answered Jane, briefly. She earned the tray and tea kettle to the family sitting-room, but to her surprise Mr, Jebb, whom she had last seen ensconced in bis arm chair, with Ms feet on the fender and a cashmere shawl tied round Ms head, was no longer there. ",Has master been sent for, ma'am ?" she asked of the patient wife,. who sat at her/ Penelope task of darning stocMngs, which ■ her active children trampled intcT holes as fast as she mended them. . "No, Jane, I didn't hear of anybody, calling for him. He went into the surgery a little while ago to make up some medicine, and I daresay he's there now." Mrs. Barnard opened the surgery door and peeped in. Tne oil lamp was burning low on the counter where Mr. J ebb pounded Ms drugs and rolled out his pills, and the room was empty. |, " He's not there, ma'am,", said Jane. I "Then I suppose somebody's come for him. I thought I'heard the door shut half an hour ago. And now he will go on in creasing his cold. And he is so cross when he has one of those influenza colds. Do you see if his coat and hat are gone off the pegs, Jane?" " Yes, ma'am. They're gone." T " I wonder "who could have wanted him ?'., He told Me'this afternoon he wouldn't budge for anybody. But the loss of; that ' whisky, made him quite wild. Inever saw huh so put out since I <can remember ; and then be stood in dbe rain' evpr so long, watching the bricklayer mend the wall.' I'm afraid; he'UMillf ; • . Mrs. Barnard Was! too full: of her own ; tbob^sto.lje' prpperty sympathetic.^ Shis • srirr^. t^e 'fb^, swept the ., hearth.' sCt' the - ■tray Mite proper^ta^,' keeping silence; all' :the«wMle. Then, jbst as sne^was going to leave the room, she said— ^ " Oh, if you please ma'am,' could you let me have a couple of hours to 'myself to morrow. I want to go out for a little, after the early dinner." " Well, yes, Jane. I suppose I must spare you." {To te continued.) 