of &rlug.; European Intelligence. — Our Eng lish advices state that Eari Cowper, K.G., has been appointed to succeed the Duke of Marlborough in the Lord-Lieutenancy of Ireland. In the House of Commons, Mr. Bradlangh has declined to take the costomaiy oaths, as they are opposed to his convictions. Arrangements have been made tor the proper representation of British exhibitors at the Melbourne International Exhibition, and Sir Canlifie Owen will act as executive commis sioner. Mr. G. C. Levey, the secretary of the Exhibition, sailed for here in the Lusitania, which left on Saturday last, and may be expected to arrive here about the middlo of Jose. In Spain there have been the usual inundations following heavy tains that occur in countries where the forests have been ruthlessly destroyed. The foreign Jews resident in St. Petersburg have fallen under the ban of Prince Melikoff, and bring regarded as enemies of the State, they have been ordered to leave the city forthwith. The Night Express Train. — The second train was put on the line yesterday, and left Hamilton for Melbourne at 6.30 p.m. This morning, the mails will arrive in Ham ilton at daylight, and will be delivered in the town by 9 a.m., instead of 6 p.m., as formerly. Much to the astonishment of everybody, however, it appears that the order to start the Colereine and Casterton coach in the early morning, to fit in with the arrival of the trains, has been connter- 1 manded, so that the mails tor the country districts beyond Hamilton will not be acce lerated in the slightest degree by the altera tion. This is so very obvious a blonder that it only requires to be explained to en sure its rectification — at least, we should hope so. It is said that the reason for leaving the coach time-table unaltered is to snit the Sooth Australian arrangements, bat Victorian residents naturally expect that, if there must be a detention of twelve or four teen hours to oblige outriders, that detention should be thrown on the shoulders of the outsiders who are responsible for it. The detention used to be in Melbourne, and we have now got it shifted to Hamilton. It most be passed on to the border, iml then perhaps the South Australians will see the propriety of accelerating their own mails to get rid of it altogether. Yesterday, the subjoined telegram was forwarded to the Postmaster-General by a member of the de putation which recently waited on "" : — " To the Hon. Henry Cuthbert, Postmaster- General, Melbourne. — The concession of the night train to Hamilton is useless unless the time-table of the country coaches is adjusted to suit the trains. Correspondence will lie fourteen hours in Hamilton Post-office, nln«« we go back to the old time-table which pre vailed when the night-train previously ran. It was to accelerate these country mads that Lhfe Hftnnfohnn irsihjv an tah Tf fhom most be detention somewhere to suit South Australian arrangements, that detention had better be on the border than in our own colony. Kindly reply." No reply has been received. A Queer Verdict. — At the Belfast assizes which have just concluded, a man named Conrick, was charged with stealing a large sum of money. The evidenoe went to show that he had confessed his guilt to several persons, but in face of this, the jury found him not guilty. His Honor, Judge Stephen, very jastly remarked that the verdict was a disgrace to the community. Perhaps Mr. Moleaworth's eloquence had something to do with it, if so, this would remind one of the old story told about a clever barrister at home — Sergeant Wiikms, we believe — A man was charged with horse stealing, and although the evidenoe against him was very conclusive he was acqoitbed. After being liberated a friend said to him Now Jack old man. tell us the truth, did you not steal that ere horse? To this the innocent ! man replied " Well Bill I thought 1 did until I heard that ere big-wig speak for me, bnt now I fancy it oonld not be me, bnt some other coon." The Gorman Relief Fond. — A very active canvass was made of the town on Saturday by Mr. Sergeant, M.P., and Mr. Steel, in aid of the family of the late Mr. Gorman, station-master. So liberally -was the appeal responded to, that at a meeting field last night it was stated that over £100 had been premised or paid. On Saturday evening a meeting was held at the Criterion Hotel, when Mr. Tucker presided, and the following were elected as a committee to collect : — The Mayor, and Messrs. Sergeant, M.P', R. S. Bree, T. Stewart, J. Tucker, W. Steel, W. M'Elroy, W. M'Intosh, W. H. Haley, H. J. Bloomfield, F. Andrews, J. Jafir&y;, D. and T. Brown, G. B. Bippon, E. Walter, and S. Wilson. Mr. Haley was elected hon. secretary, and Mr. Bippon hon. treasurer. An account has since been opened at the Bank of Victoria, a second list of sub scriptions is advertised, and, in the mean time, as the family are known to be in im poverished circumstances, and may require immediate relief, the committee trust that all promised subscriptions will be paid in as early as possible. Diphtheria. — Mr. A Hodge was admitted to the Fever Ward on Sunday, and stated that it was his belief that he con tracted the disease at Frerrepoint where fie had been working. We are glad to learn, however, that this patient is doing well A case of relapse, namely, that of fibs. M'Luckie, was re-admitted yesterday, and at present it is difficult to say whether or not a serious result will ensue. Another case was admitted yesterday, that of a young man named Cooper (brother of the boy referred to below, who died), and this may also be looked upon as a bad case, the type of disease appearing to be of a virulent nature. Mr. Greed left the ward yesterday, and five others are about to be discharged to-day, which will leave five still under treatment. Of these latter, Mrs. Brokenshire is m.Hnp good progress, but her daughter was boned on Sunday. The girl Cshill, seven years of age, is not amen able to treatment, and, consequently a diffi cult patient to bring round. (Die boy, Peter Maxwell, is lingering, though considered to be out of actual danger. A boy named Cooper died yesterday at about 8a.m., from diphtheria of a dangerous tfpe. His case was one which broke oat in the shire, bat was not admitted to the . Fever Ward. Dr. Scott, who had -been in attendance, it ap pears, could not get the patient to take restorative remedies. The Health Officer ordered the removal to the ward of the last- mentioned patient's brother, already referred to. Mrs. Noske, who was only ill one day. is so far recovered, that it is thought likely she will be discharged to-day. Die Cooper family, it may be mentioned, used every precaution in the way of and isolation; through this, they were rdUoet unable to procure common necessaries, and had to get the 'secretary for the shire to provide vehicles for the patient's removal to the Fever Ward, of the living patient," also for the burial of the other boy. In such cases, where isola tion has, necessarily of course, tobe enforced, it would be Well tor the local board of Borough or Shire, as the casenjay be, to "im provise some means of sanding (transmission only) common necessaries to people so eita- ated, -they bring in a sense quarantined, therefore wbolly unable to shift for them selves. This matter we strongly commend to the local boards for consideration. A few cases of diphtheria, we have been able to glean, are tinder private treatment. We' would advise that all such should at once be sent to the ward, thus isolating the disease entirely. : All the Difference. — He addition of one little letter to a telegram reoeived by the Rev. Mr. Cummins from the Right Bev. Dr. Thoraton, madeaH the difference. . The Bishop wired, "Propose to reach Hamilton onlhi afternoon of Sunday, 9th May, and 'prearii memorial feermon. that evening/'. |h- " be operator wrote " preaih," which Caused the Rer. Mr. Cum- mm. to susKnaoelhat His Lordship would (iriirartw? mmm instead rfcwv Crowded Out. — la consequence of pressure on our apace, caused by the receint of late news, we are reluctantly compelled to hold over Mr. Witling's, and other letters which are in type. Railway Arrangements, The rail way time-table tor May came to hand last night, though too late for insertion in to-day's issue. By a casual survey there appear, we regret to say, no provision for a second train toPortLand. Henty Challenge Cdp. — At a committee meeting of the Hamilton Football dub, on Saturday, it was announced that in reply to a communication from the secretary of the Penshurst Football Clnb, Mr. William Henty had written, granting permission to that dub to compete for tiie Gup during the present season. Crossing the Border — "We quite agree with the Border Watch that the simple act of crossing the border from one English colony to another should not enable any """ to shirk his just responsibilities. The sooner the extradition law is adopted with respect to debts, the better it will be for the honest portion of the community. Our contem porary, under the heading of "Another Bolter," says : — " Yet another resident bag gone over to Victoria without the ceremony of settling with his creditors. Having dis posed of his most cumbrous goods among his friends, Mr. A. Wheaton, Stint-street, set out on Wednesday for the Border, which he safely crossed. We are told that he "inter viewed the Victorian aiailm,. on Thursday, and took some credit to himself for the way in which he had performed the feat. He was particularly dated in that, among others, he had victimised his lawyer, whom he left a creditor tor £5 ! This is the first case we have heard of a hotter getting over his lawyer; perhape if we had a few more we should get the law altered to make" bolting more risky and less profitable. It is mons trous that a man should be able, after a journey of 12 miles from Mount Gambier, to turn round and laugh at people he robs, who were good-natured enough to believe him to be honest." No Ghost at all. — A correspondent of the Gedong Advertiser, in concocting a ghost story about the late Ven. Archdeacon Dines, has drawn largely npon what evidently must - be a very fertile imagination. He says:— "As I know yon feel interested in such ciron instances, I write, in esse you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very re markable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon Innes. The archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and though perfectly sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syl lable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. Thi« lends addition! value to the rircmustance which 1 have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay-reader by a young man reoently arrived from home mmai TJiwiman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his thorough -going earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, as I have told you, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was compos mentis to the last, wrote that going into his study one evening, after J jsmman's jdeath, he saw him standing at the study) table, and involuntarily ex claimed, ' Holloa 1 are you here !' ' Yes.' replied the apparition, 'and where I now am there will you soon be I' Mr. Innes was not a man of fancies, or of impaired physique ; and when he saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for." — Now, in re ference to the above, it may be stated that Mr. Isiwiman did not die at the parsonage, and the archdeacon never wrote that he saw Mr. Tswriman " standing at the Btudy table," nor anywhere else after death. What the arch deacon really wrote was shown to us with a request that we would not pnblish it, as it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his relatives. As some other friend of the family has, however, with questionable taste, thought proper to furnish a very distorted version of the affair to the public, we have been asked to state that, the morning before his desth, the Ven. Archdeacon Innes wrote and gave the Rev. J. W. Arnold a memo, of which the fallowing is a copy, viz. : "A few nights after poor Lissi man's death, I was in this house alone, and his room rattled so, that I ran up to see what it was. I looked into tiie dark room and saw nothing, so I said, with a laugh to myself, ' It must be old Tnwaman. What do you want?' Then I had an answer, not audible, but such as possibly s spirit can convey, ' Never, mind, youll follow me soon.' It was singular, I never told any one." — (The italics are our own.) Mr. r.i«aamu died a month before tits archdeacon, and the latter ex pired less than twenty-four hours after writing the singular memo we have been called upon to publish. Hamilton Land Board. — Mr. Charles Morgan presided at the Local Land Board held yesterday, and recommended the applications of John Membrey and John M'Lean tor the approval of the Minister of Lands. He also recommended J. White's application for the forfeiture of W. Bunge's lioense of 15 acres, and that the strip front ing allots. 134B and 135B, Montajnp, be sold. The applications of Elizabeth Luxton, Thomas Fillear, W. N. Nevill, John Fitz- simmons, and John M' Donald, were refused, and those of Andrew Rentsch and Peter Bailey postponed- The Rainfall- — The fell of rain during the past month, 3'41in., has been the heaviest known here during the month of April, since 1S75. Summoning Officers. — Constable Mastin has been appointed summoning officer under the Education Act tor the Penshurst Riding of the Shire of Mount Rouse, and Constable Bennett for the Nareen "Riding of the Shire of Wannon. Casterton Land Sale. — The next sale of Crown lands at Casterton will com mence at 2 p.m. instead of, as previously notified, at 11 a.m. on the 11th May. The Land Act — Applications ap proved — licenses, see. 19: D. M'Donald, Wemkoo ; C. Nolte and J. Tut, Tahara ; T. Sheeban, Mirranatwa ; J. Mmlull Telangatuk ; J. N. Graves, Dramboig ; G. M'Addie, Horsham. Sec. 47 : Shannon, Murray, and Strachan for the Idosdown and Towma runs. Leases, sec. 20 : N. Orr. Casterton ; J. Gray, Boikerbert ; W. A. Hogan, Areegra ; W. Blackley, Nullan ; E. Martin, Toolongarook and Telangatuk ; N. M Guinness, Darragan ; W. Shaw, Telan gatuk ; T. Clements, sen., Dimboola; A Groat and W. Pickford, Bungalally ; J. Weir and J. Mahon, KiuimAatir J, Marehant, Lillimur ; A. Crab tree, Booroopki ; . C. Bant, Tall angaria ; D. Brown, Mepunga ; and M. A Bryant, Woohlpooer. Grants : W. Mnnn, Boikerbert ; F. Hermann, Monivse. Grands under the Local Govern ment Act : T. Somerville, J. S. Anderson, P. Casey, T. W. Wanren, and H. Lavery, in township of Sandford. "The Victorian Review." — The May number of this magazine has arrived, bnt as it has already been folly reviewed in tiie Melbourne papers, it is unnecessary for i as to say much about it We may, however, again have occasion to refer to the articles contained therein, and in the mnantimo, must heartily congratulate tiie proprietors upon having secured the services of so able a writer as the celebrated Spanish statesman, Seuor EmSlio Castelar," whose work em "Art, Re ligion, and Nature in Italy," Bome years ago was so well received. The subject on which tiie Seuor baa chosen to discourse in the Bemao, is, " The Affaire of Enrope," and all who read the article, trill he charmed with the broad views therein expressed, and also delighted to find that it is only the com mencement of a series of pipers by the same writer, which, to use his own words, "win present, month by month, a picture of all the more important transactions in Europe, together with an estimate of thmr immediate and future significance." The May number also contains the following papers, viz. :— Irish Home Kule and the Colonies," by Cad A- Feilbeig; "Payment of Members," by Stuart' Red ; " French Polities and English Opinion," by C. E., Winton— Oxon— ; "The Tsland of Duhitadiva," by James Smith; "AkMgandroManzom,"byO. M. Spencer. U.S. Consul Generalfor Australia; Victorian Treat ment the Insane," by W. Balls Headley, M.D. ; " Kinship in Early Greece," by toe Hon. Dr. Hearn, M.L.C. ; "The Public CharitieB and their Abuses," by J. Jamiesun, M.D.; " Ethics and Christianity," by the Rev. Alex. Goaman ; and " A word on Vic foprts position qn the Fr ozen Meat Question, by the editor of the nn«aine, which really deserves tiie support of all lovers, of high- cius litacytwpt:, J Pupa Surveyors and Draughts- \--Applications will be received finessed to the Secretary of the fioan! t Examiners, up to Thursday, 10th next, from candidates desirous of beW appointed as pupil surveyor and drauSS6 D £arCtUm thC Crown Police Barracks.— Tenders for ad- ditrnns to _the Hamilton Police Barrack Offit M ,£!P0Sttel the to r'j016' nO0n Wedueedat" The Speakership.— A Melbourne torrespondent of an up-country paper writes mempprehmisioo appears to exist that Mr. Grant s candidature-which, by tea wsy, baB only very lukewarm support on te! Opposition side of the House— miyendt, Mr-LUortt It should be scay£ ta point out that this is an error. WfcaiXl House meete the Clerk of the -Assembly tooogh unable - y. Chafes M'Mshon, who, as the Jovernm®t nominee, will first be submitted. If Sb Chades, upon the division, secures an abso m5?lb<:rs present, he will be elected- lr the division necatirp u; claim Mr. Lalor will probably gfteri tip. If the majority is against him, then Mr Grant wdl be bronght forward. The votes; power a thus exeroaed alternately, and M? Later should not lose a mngle vote if .election is a party one. Of course the re las on either side may vote asaii»t Charles MMahon for toe purposeT Mr. Lalor in, or against Mr. Ulor for same reason to secure Mr. Grant. Bnt this wfll only show that some members claim to befree of party ties." w The Cabinet— Monday's Telegraph aays : -" Executive and Cabinet cmnwl, as usual, be held to-morrow. The matter of the agent-generalship will be considered, and it is more than probable it wfll be decided to p. j«.d Km wm b, „i< be regarded as its second reading in the Cabinet, should the Minister of Tnd have returned from his tour in themallee Under any circumstances, the bill wfll be finally revised this week, and wfll be ready for sub- mission to Parliament so eoon as will permit. Railway extension will also be discussed this week, and though the Minister of that department may snbmit no bill, the policy which is to be observed in framing the measure will be agreed upon. If tothe fore going be added the consideration of the fi- nances and the framing of the Governor's speech for tiie opening of Parliament, it wfll be seen that Ministers have a heavy week before them. Unruly J ubtices. — The Age says The conduct of two members of the honorary bench of magistrates at Colac has recently been prominently brought under the not of the Crown Law department These magistrates, it is alleged, have been fined several times by the local bench for miscon duct The matter was considered by the late Government, but not finally dealt with. It has been decided by the present law officers to have toe cases tolly investigated and toe result of tiie investigation may be that toe two offending magistrates will not be permitted to retain their commissions as justices of the peace. Hie Excellency the Governor left Melbourne yesterday for Colac, en route lor Mr. Finlay's residence at Glenornuston, where he intends to remain until Saturday next. The Melbourne Exchange. A short description of this buildinv wfll L. found on our fourth page. The open- ing is to take place on Friday, and we learn that all the mayors and presidents of boroughs and shires in the colony have re ceived invitations for the event. The grace ful act of opening the insitution will be allotted to the hon. the Premier, Mr. Service, and there will be a large gathering on the eventful occasion. Fine Arts. — We are given, to under stand that an Exhibition of Fine Arts will shortly be held in the Hamilton Town HalL The proceeds are to be devoted towards the Hospital Building Fund, and some very great novelties will be on view. The Assizes. — The sittings of the Hamilton Assize Court, to be presided over by His Honor Judge Stephen, will be com menced to-morrow. The calendar is published in another column, Australian Mutual Provident Society. — The ballot for the election of the directors of the Australian Mutual Provident Society was held in Sydney last week The following report of the scrutineers supplies details of the voting: — "We have now to report the conclusion of the scrutiny for the election of two directors, and we hereby certify that 706 members voted personally and without any informal votes ; and that 4466 members voted by voting papers, of which, however, 761 were informal, leaving a total of 4431 members (exclusive of 761 informal), with 34,809 votes. Of the above there were : — For Mr. J. H. Goodlet : Personal, 3909 ; voting papers, 9967 ; total, 13,876. For Mr. S. A Joseph : Personal, 1417 ; voting papers, 9737 ; total, 11,154. For the Hoo. Alexander Campbell : Personal, 42S1; voting papers, 5498 ; total, 9779." Messrs. Good- let and Joseph were therefore elected. A Heavy Sheep. — Last week, Mr. R. Fraser, of Lanton, had oh a view a cross bred wether, bred and fed on toe estate of Mr. S. Lewers, manager of toe Bank of New South Wales, Linton, at Mannadabar, near Mount Bute Station. The weight of the sheep, as it hung in the shop for sale, was 1411b. good. Other sheep from the same flock weighed from 701h. to 1101b. Long-Woolled Sheep Association. — The annual meeting of members of the Long-Woolled Sheep Association of Victoria was held at the Woolshed Inn, Hexham, on Saturday (reports the Mortlake Dispatch). Mr. Wm. Armstrong occupied toe chair. The' treasurer bronght up his report, which was received, showing that there was a balance of something over £70 to credit. It was decided to hold the annual show at the yards about the same time of year as usual After some consideration, it was also decided to offer prizes for merino sheep as well as for long-wools. The secretary was instructed to send circulars to those likely to become members. The election of office-bearers re sulted in Mr. A Mackenzie being made pre sident, and Mr. R. G. Armstrong vice-pre sident. The committee and other offices are filled in a similar manner to last year. Closed Roads. — The first case that has been adjudicated uponunder sec 399 of the Local Government Act, which has reference to the opening of closed roads, came before the Glunee ' beach on Wednesday, when the shire council of Creswick proceeded agsinst Mr. A Clark, of Middle Creek, for encroach ing on a road in toe parish of Ulengower. The dieses Guardian says : — 11 Mr. Clark averred that the president of toe shire was a greater offender in this respect than himself, find contended that the council should take action with its own members before evincing malice and a spirit of persecution in the «s« of other people. The bench did not dispel that dictum, but said it was not their busi ness, while the case before the conrt was. However, as it was the first caw, a merely nominal fine was inflicted." : The Judicature Bill. — The Royw commission on the Judicature Bill is making satisfactory progress with its labours. A measure on toe lines adopted by the com missi on is now bring drafted. One singular foot has, however, to be noted. Sir Bo"" O'Loghlen, it will be remembered, paid £463 ts Mr. M. A M'Donnell for drafting a measure, and toe hon. gentleman intimated in the Assembly that the Mil he bad prepared would have been introduced bnt for toe ub- fttruction uf the Opposition; but no bill of the sort has been referred by the law de partment to the commission, and there ap pears to be no trace in the offiee of any such measure. The money has gone without doubt, but there is no Judicature Bib to show for it ; in foot, toe only mementoes that exist of the transaction are Sir Bryeu O'Loghlen'a orders to pay sums on moconat to Mr. M'DonnelL Thia is toe last inscanoe of the reckless manner in which money ww expended by toe Berry Ministry without warrant from Parliament, and without say satisfactory return. Coo-e-e. — The last number of this monthly phonographic periodical has been received. It contains an interesting stori" bj the easy reporting style, " Christmas at M"® Flat," a sentimental poem, and an article npon vaccination. The learners of pbonu- | graphy have also been consulted, as toe) nave a sketch-neatly and clearly lithograph far their own especial benefit. The i serial » uito up to ihnminJ standard of swells"' 