THE CITY OP MERV. (From the London Daily Telegraph.) For .many years Merv has been prominent in the Central Asian correspondence between the Foreign Offices o! England and Russia, and for two generations has been a point of highfisfc interest to Anglo-Indian statesmen. Its name has thus become tolerably familiar to tbe public ear, but of its actual value, commercial, politi cal, and strategic, only very inadequate esti mates are generally current. As a matter of feet, however, the importance of the city of Verr both to England and to India can hardly . be over-estimated. Not only commercially does it mark the point of junction of the three high . .ways of Central Asia along which all the traffic of that vast region of necessity travels, but politically it marks the point at which the ad vance of Eussia first infringes upon the Afghan frontier, to tbe injnry of England in India, while strategically Merv gives its possessor an in comparable, and in fact the only base for rapid and effective military operations against Persia j(Iid Afghanistan. The modern city iB a miser able ghost of the ancient Merv, the acknow ledged qusen of Central Asia, that, with its mil jfoa of uihabitsnt?; offered eucti desperate resist* ance to enemy after enemy eager to plunder its enormous wealth. Nor does the cultivation around it to-day bear any proportion to the great tracts which at one time produced suffi cient grain to supply all the caravans of Central Asia, and yet leave enough to feed its own dense population. Merv, nevertheless-the modern town-has to-day an importance to which in the olden days of its splendour it had never attained, for it is the last stronghold of the brave Turko man tribes, who are themselves the last harrier to the fulfilment of Russia's scheme for domi nating Asiatic public opinion and for unseating England from the supreme Iposition she now holds in the native mind of all the east. The Turkomans themselves, the Tekkehs of Merv, understand to tho full the importance of their chief town. Years ago, when they foresaw the advance of Russia, they abandoned their dif ferences with their neighbours the Akhal tribes, and while they promised to join the latter to fight the invadera on the threshold, Merv was decided upon a3 the point for the last joint stand. Guek Teppeh. Tejend, and Merv were the three sites selected for giving battle to the Russians, but it was at Merv that the great and fiaal effort to repel the Cossack wave has to be made. Some twenty pieces of artillery of strange patterns, the spoil of early battles with the Persians and other neighbours, were duly installed upon the primitive, but not inefficient earthworks of the Merv fort, and within the last year the Turkomans have considerably increased the strength of their stronghold' In a single day 20,000 fighting men could concentrate upon this point, and local resources would amply suffice this force or four times its number, with food for many weeks. The present city stands on lower ground than old Merv, but it possesses in its numerous watercourses that intersect the surrounding fields, a means of defence which even in Turcoman hands might prove sufficient to foil an attack. Were these aqueducts allowed to overflow and flood the ground the passage of artillery would be impossible, and of cavalry most dangerous, while the Turcomans, armed with rifles-converted many of them by their own hands from old weapons into more improved patterns-and entrenched behind their mud walls, might inflict a very serious loss upon the approaching enemy. This enemy they used al ways to look for from the west, but of late their eyes have turned northward towards the Ozus and Chaijui. Having formerly been under the authority of Khiva, it was natural that they should look in that direction, but more recently the gradual fortification of the Oxus by the Russians, and the great strength to which Chai jui was attaining, gave additional and very for cible reasons to their glances of alarm turning to the north. The steamers which have now been for some years plying on the Oxus have been steadily supplying Chaijui, the terminal fort, with all the munitions of war and the concentration of troops in its neigh bourhood, especially of the light irregular | horse which Russia lias been BO largely raising, threatened Merv with constant danger. Chaijui to such a force is not a week's distance from Merv, and the apprehensions of the Tur comans for their capital were therefore well founded. Once driven from that town they would have but little chance of regaining possession, for the Russian artillery could in ten. days be brought up from Chaijui and Russian engineers would very soon make the city of Merv impregnable by an unskilled euemy. Russia would then he within a fort night o distance of Herat, and not only nearer by a Hundred miles to that great fortress than are the English forces at Kandahar or at Kabul, but the vast resources of transport which the con quest of Merv would place at their disposal would give the Cossacks such an advantage in the race for "the key of Cabul" as would double the difference in distance already in their favor. 