Notes made in North Australia. By the Rev. J. E. Tenison-Woods, F.G.S., F.L.S., &c.; In North Australia there is something to attract every one. There is wild and romantic scenery for the toumt, there is gold for the digger. The man of science can find a new field therein for all his ' 'ologies.' There are new mines and minerals fer the mineralogist, and all sorts of new birds, beasts, and fishes for the zoologist. The geologist may have a whole world of strata there before him from which to choose. The botanist may satisfy the most in satiable curiosity for new plants, fruits, and flowers. The'ethnologist and the seeker of wild adventure will easily find enough, and more than enough, to gratify him among6t the savages, and while he is satisfying his own appetite for novelties he runs an exciting risk of satisfying theirs in another way, for the blacks are all cannibals thereabouts. Finally, the traveller will find it a most agreeable land to travel in when he is amongst the settlers, for a more agreeable and hospitable people cannot be found in: any of the colonies. I say all these things from experience, and from recent experi ence. I spent the last six months of the past year in travelling about these regions. I had, of course, another motive in my travels besides mere sight seeing or observing the beauties and the curiosities of nature ; but, being in this new land, I could not help seeing many things which interested me, and which I think may interest others. I travelled about by steamer, by sailing boat, by rowing boat, and by coach, on horseback and on foot — up rivers and over vast ranges, about coral reefs, and amid almost unexplored country. I had good opportunities of seeing the question of the ' poor aborigines ' ' in many of its phases ; and so it would be strange indeed if I had not something to tell which does not fall within the experience or knowledge of many readers of this paper. There are many reasons why the tropics of Aus tralia should be especially interesting to the colonists of our continent. The first and best is that so little is known about them. Only a very small portion of the country is explored. Here and there a diggings or a coast station has given to a few pioneers a local habitation, and to the map a name, or an explorer has made a track and named the rivers and creeks, and a few mountains. Beyond this our knowledge does not go. As places become gradually settled upon the knowledge of the locality spreads to those who come and go. These are but few, and to the rest of the world such remote districts are veiled and hidden. And yet how well worth examination they are, and how well worth description, only that description can do so very little in making the beauty and variety of these regions known. Take, for instance, the coast line between Townsville and Cape Bedford, a distance of say about 300 miles. Could any pen describe it, or any tongue do it justice ? The painter may delight there, the traveller find himself well repaid for neglecting other and more renowned scenes ; and as for the naturalist he may revel in every variety and novelty that the animal and vegetable kingdoms can present. It is in this latter capacity that I found myself more than satisfied with a six months' tour in the Queensland tropics last year. Part of my ex periences and observations are finding their way to men of science in scientific publications. There* the public are not likely to see them, and if they did the generality would find little to interest them. Technical details are not light or amusing reading. They form a kind of lexicogra phy, useful — nay necessary, — but not attractive. And now I am going to try to make them useful to the public in another way. I am about to give a few papers to the readers of the Sydney Mail on what naturalists may see to interest them in those parts of tropical Queensland which I have visited. As to my way of carrying out this intention, I shall only premise one observation. I do not intend to confin* myself to any particular department of natural science. Factsin zoology, botany, geology, or about the natives, will all occupy our attention, but divested of all technicality, and clothed in simple language to suit all, asd let me hope to interest all. The rest must speak for itself. Let me begin with the towns. I am not going to indulge in statistics or describe streets and architec ture. Fcr, in truth, as far as buildings go, there is not much worthy of any description. What will strike the visitor most of all, i6 that the houses are built of wood. Not that good stone is wanting. All around Bowen (Port Denison) the granite boulders or granite peaks form most picturesque adornments to that really beautiful place. At Townsville, the city — so it may be called — is built on the very spurs and rocky clefts of Mount Cudtheringa ; and this is a romantic series of crags and pinnacles of red granite. At Charters Towers, Cooktown, and Ravenswood — granite and syenite are plentiful and accessible, yet the buildings are of wood. I need not delay to explain why in new settlements this must be so, especially a6 the question is not one for naturalists. But houses built of wood are anything but permanent in these latitudes. They last but a few years, for the white ants eat them up. These little insects, small as they are, modify the scenery, as I shall explain presently, and they modify the archi tecture of the towns as well. There is not a house in these regions which is not built upon piles. In the better class of buildings these piles form substantial additions to the structure, and ornamental ones as well. In poorer buildings they are small and rickety contrivances. The larger ones are covered with inverted basins of galvanized iron, and the smaller with crumpled pieces of tin or zinc. The object of both is the same, that is to keep back the white ants. They say that the device is seldom success ful, and I really don't see why it should succeed. It is true that a white ant will not eat through iron or tin, but what is to prevent his walking round or over it. If the lower side were covered with whiten ing or chalk it would be a very different thing. Just as a cat will do anything to avoid wetting its feet, or a cockroach will go a mile round to avoid crossing an inch of Russialeather, so an ant will shrink from cross ing chalk. Another peculiarity about these northern townships is the evidence they afford of the relation of the settlers with the natives. In the southern towns, say, as far as Townsville, the streets swarm with blacks ; as usual in such cases the consequent sights and scenes are of the most repulsive kind. Whatever the black may be in his native haunts, whatever attraction may linger round his native simplicity and sylvan habits, the aspect is quite changed when' he dons the sordid beggardom of the ' half civilized' aborigine. His lot is little better than that of a homeless street dog. Clad in rags which go no further than to satisfy the very scantiest requirements of decency, begrimed with dirt, and encrusted with the rude pipeclay or ochreous adornments of the last corrobboree, the blackfellow of the town is an object of disgust. He is, in most cases, an object of pity as well. Where there are so many of them, as at Townsville and Bowen, it is impossible for the inhabitants to feed them all. I have no doubt that there are many of them who suffer much from hunger. At Bow en and at Ravenswood I saw various instances of almost starvation amongst them. I don't blame any one for these things, nor do I think that any ordinary precaution would prevent them. I only record them as part of the subjects for observation and reflection in travelling about North Australia. On the other hand, in localities where the blacks are not ' civilized ' — that is to say, where they still war against the white man, and refuse any kind of social contact with him, the state of things is different. If an adult black is seen at all, it is in the form of a native trooper — 'boys,' as they call them. A police cap, a blue jumper, riding boots, and moleskin trou sers are his costume; and if he is on duty, a rifle over his shoulder and a revolver in his belt completes his outfit. But if there are no adult blacks there are plenty of black children. At Port Douglas nothing astonished me so much as the number of them. They are 'found' in the bush, is the brief history which attaches to all of them. Scarcely a raid is ever accomplished against the natives that .some of these children are not ' found.' It is equally astonishing to notice what a desire there is on the part of the settlers to possess one or two of these young savages. I saw no very young children amongst them ; that is to say, infants! From three to five years is the age of most of those I saw. ' You can't think,' said one white woman to me who was possessed of a black foundling — ' you can't think how sulky they are when they first come in ; they will sit and sulk and remain without eating for a day or so ; and it is a long time before they will either look at you or do any thing but hide away from you.' It is hardly fair to call this sulking. Let any white child be stolen by blacks from its parents and kept a prisoner amongst savages, and its conduct would be much the same. I should say also that it was a con sequence of grief and terror combined. It is no small misfortune to a little child, black or white, to be sud denly torn from home and from all it loves, by those who may be ghosts or wild beasts for all it knows. All those who had these black children seemed to be fond of them and treated them very kindly. The life they led was generally playing about the streets, but especially about the public-houses. At Port Douglas this could hardly be otherwise, for almost every third house was a public-house. I must add, in justice to the place, all very orderly and quiet public-houses too. What a cruel thing, many will say, to steal these children from their parents. * Yes, very cruel, but it might be worse. I once had a long talk with a black fellow from Townsville, who had been a ' buy ' a short time previously. He was telling me the history of an attack made by certain settlers on a tribe in revenge for the loss of four horses. He told me how they very nearly lost the fruits of a long day's chase by coming on a 'gin' with two children, who yelled and screamed terribly. They were afraid she would alarm the whole camp. My informant shot her. ' What did you do with the children ?' ' I asked. ' Knock 'em on head,' was the laconic reply. The names and dates were all given me without any hesi tation by tliis bright 'boy,' so I am pretty certain he was telling the simple and plain truth. Let not my reader imagine that in these letters I am going to make any sensational appeal about either blacks or whites. *1 repeat, I cannot well see how evils of this kind can be avoided. They are evils, of course, and dreadful evils. And so it is a dreadful evil to find a white man lying on the track gasping in the agonies of death, with half a-dozen spears through his body ; so it is an evil to find a white man carried off alive into the bush to be put to death by horrible means and then roasted and eaten. But let any philan thropist say how such evils are to be prevented. Place any unprotected settlers in dangerous proximity to savages and cannibals and the same results will ensue, varied only according to the humanity, courage, judg ment, or discretion of each. Some will say that we ought notto have come to a country which was not ours, and molest the peaceful inhabitants and rightful owners. This, however, is such a large question that I cannot profess to deal with it, but for the sake of consistency it would come better from those who had stopped away on that ground, and not from those who are here. Nevertheless there are some who feel the force of this argument very keenly— though for other reasons. I remember meeting with a selector not far from the Mitchell River — for they have selectors even in those remote regions. He was an object of pity in every sense. His crops were a failure, the floods had destroyed his improvements. He was in daily terror from the blacks, who kept his life in jeopardy, speared his horses, and stole his tools. Moreover, the poor fellow was worn to a shadow from' fever. ' Ah,' he said to me, ' many and many a time I say to myself, what business had I to come here. I could have got good wages anywhere, but you see what I have succeeded in getting here.' When I saw North Australia it was probably at its very worst. I mean in a financial point of view. Everything seemed to be going to the background suffering from what is technically called a great com mercial depression. I will not delay my readers with tny inquiry into the causes of this. I had no means of knowing from my own experience, and no two persons from whom I enquired seemed to agree on the subject. Some said it was the Chinese labour, and some said it was the stopping of Chinese labour, and so on, each I presume, viewing the matter in the light of his own interests. Human nature is very much the same everywhere, so it would be a ridiculous thing to go so far away to make observations on what is at our own doors. I need not therefore trouble my readers with any further remarks of this kind. But nature in another sense, that is, the rocks and mountains, the animals, plants and birds, vary very much in the north of Australia, and there is ample room for wonder and admiration and ample room for scientific inquiry. To these things I wish now particularly to confine myself, and in con cluding this letter I have just one more observation to make. I have said already that I will try to use simple language and avoid technicality, but there is a kind of knowledge of the elements of science which every one should know [ if desirous of obtaining information from scien tific literature. This knowledge is now within the reach of every one. Cheap scientific primers have been popular of late years, so that, literally, those who run may read. They require attentive perusal by a person of ordinary intelligence — nothing more. Pro vided with guch a manual, in botany for instance, a reader will not require to have it explained what a natural order means. In geology again, such words as tertiary, or dyke, or granite, will be equally under stood. If in the course of these letters I should use an expression which is not intelligible, I shall do so unintentionally, but if it should belong to the cate gories I have specified, the remedy will be easy to find. Let me add that to a person even moderately acquainted with natural science, it would be hard to exaggerate the keen pleasure to be derived from visiting new scenes in this most interesting continent of Australia. Every rock, every leaf, every insect has something beautiful, nay wonderful, to tell the observer. Armed with a pocket lens, a perfect fairy 1 land of beauty will open to the gaze at each step. The flowers will unveil the hidden secrets of their beauty ;; the stones reveal their crystalline structure, and the tiniest insect display wonders of mechanism. There will be no such thing as sameness in the objects ; no 6uch thing a6 tameness in the beauty. All new, all varied, all instructive, and all surely tending to raise the mind to higher and nobler conceptions of what creation does to declare the glory of its Author. But this is true of all parts of the world, and yet if there be one part more than another that I should choose foT novelty, for beauty, and for interest, and instruction, before all I should choose the tropics of Australia. ? 