THE MYSTERY OF SASASSA VALLEY. a sooxn ArmoAK btou-x. Do I know why Tom Donahue is called "Lucky Tomp" Yes, I do; and that is mora; than one in ton of those who; call him so can any. I have knocked about o deal in my time, and aeon gome strange sights, but.Bono etrangor thivn the. way in which Tom gained .that sohrieiuet iind his fortune with it j ; fpr Iwas with him at the time. Tell it? 6h,certainly; but it is alongish story, and;a very strange otae; so fill up your glass again, and light another cigar, while L try to reel it" off. Yea; d very Btrfloge ono—beats some fairy atorie? I have heard j but It's true, eir, every word- bf.it; There, ore men nliv-'at Capo Colony now who'll remember it and confirm what,l .say. '???'. Many a. time has the talo been told round the fixe in Boer?' cabins from Orange State to Griqualand; yea, nhd out iriVtho b-ahand at the diamond fields, too. ' - I'm -ongbi?- now, eir; but I was entered at the Middle Temple, once, and studied for the bar. Tom—worse luok I—was ond of my fellovy-.tudent?; and a'...vrildish time we had of it, until at last our finances ran short, and we wero- compelled to give iip oar eo.oalled studies, and look about for tome part of the world were two young follows with strong arms and sound constitutions! might make their mark. In those daya the tide of emi gration bad scarcely began to set in toward Africa, and. so ive'thought our best chance would- be down at Cape' Colony. Well, to make a long story short—wo aot sail, and were deposited in Capo Town with les? than .five pounds in our pockets; and there we parted. We each tried bar hands at many tbingn, and had ups and downs; but when, at the end pf throe yearaohauoo led each oi ?B'ap- oouhtry and wo .met again, we were, I regret to say, in utmost as bad a'plight as when wo started., , Well, thia was not much of a oommenoe merit ; and vary disheartened wo were-—sp disheartened that Tom spoke of going back to Englimd and getting a olerhabip. For you nee wo didn't know that wo bad played out all our small ourde, and that the trumps were going to turn up. No ; wo thought our ??hands' were bud all through. It vim a yory lonely part of tho country that wo were in, inhabited byn fewHcattered farmers, whose bouses were stookaded and fenced iu to defend- them against tbe Caffres. Tom Donahuo and I had a littlo bat right ont in the bush j but wo wero kuownto ponaiiea nothing, and to bo bandy with oar rovolvors, so wo bad little to fear. There wo waited, doing oiid jobs, and hoping that something would turu up. Well, after we had been thoro about a month, something did turn up upon a certain night—something which was the making of both of . ua; aud it's about that night, sir, that I'm going to toll you. I remember it well. Tub wind was howling pa?i our cabin, and the ruin threatened to buret in our ruder window. We bad a great .wood fire crackling and sputtering on the hsartb, by, wbioU I was Bitting mending a whip,, whilo Tom was lying in hia bunlr, groaning disconsolately at the ohfcniio which had led him to euoh a place. "Cheer up, Tom, eheer np," eaid I. "No man over knows what may bu awaiting bim." " 111 luok, ill luok, Jack," ho acswerod. " I always was an unlucky dog. Hero have I been threo years in this abominable coun try; and I Bto lads fresh 'from England jingling the money in their pookets, white I um as poor an when 1 landed. Ah, Jaoli, if you want to keep your head abovo water, old friend, you must try your fortnno away from mo." . ? "Nousenso, Tom; you'ro dowu on your luck to-night. Bat, hark I Here _ eomo ono ooming ont?ide, Dick Wharton, by, tho trend; he'll toaoe you if any man oan." Even as Ispoko, the door waa flung open, and housst Diok Wharton, with tho water pouring Irom him, stepped in, hia hearty red face looming through the hazo like % harvest-moon. Ho >hook himself, and after greeting us, eat down by the firo to warm himEolf. "Wbereaway, Dick, on such a night aa this ?" said I. " You'll find the rheumatism a worse foe than the Caffres, unless yon keep more regular houra." Dick waa looking unusually serious, almost frightened, one would cay, it ono did not know the man. "Had to go," he replied—" had to go. Oho of Madiflbn'o cattle was seen Btraying. down Saiiausa Valley, and of oour.o bono of our blacka: would go down that valley at night; and if wo had waited till'morning, tho brute would have been in Ciiffraria." "Why wouldn't they go down Sa_asaa Valley at nightP'aakod "Tom.'!-',. " Caffres, I suppose," said I. " Ghosts," said. Dick. We both laughed.' "I suppose fcboy didn't give. Brush a matter-of-fact fellow as yo- a, sight of their oharma?" said Tom, from the bunk. ."Yoa," saiS Dick, eoriously—"yes; I saw what tho niggers talk about; and I promise you, lads, £ don't want ever to soo it again.*' Tom eat up in hie bed.- "Nonsense, Dick-; you're joking', man. , Come, tell -us all" about it. Tho logout"! first, and your own experience afterwards. Pass him over tho bottle; Jao_." : ""Well, as to tho legond,'' began Diok, "it seema that tho nigger- havo had it '.handed down to them that .tho Bai&esa; Valley Is haunted by a -rightiul fiend. Hunters and wanderers pasting' down the defile have aeen its glowing byeo under tho shadows of the cliff; fusa the etory goes that whoever has chanced to encounter that baleful glare has had hie after life blighted by-he malignant power of this creatnro. Whothor that bo truo or not," continued Diok, ruofully, "I may havo an opportunity of judging for myself." "Go on, Dick j go on/ cried Tom. "' Let's hear about what you saw." " "Well, I was groping down tho valley, looking for that cow of Madison's, and I had, I suppopo, pot half way down, where a black, craggy cliff jute into the ravine on the right, when I halted to havo a pull at my flask. I had my eyo fixed at the time upon tho projecting cliff I have mentioned, .'end noticed nothing unusual about it. I ibon put up my flask and took v step or two forward, when in a moment there burst apparently from the base of tho rock, about eight foot from tho ground and a hundred yards from mo, a etrango lurid glare, flickering and oscillating, gradually dying _way, and then re-appenring again. No, no; I've Been many a glow-worm apd fire fly—nothing ot that sort. There it wan burning away, and I suppose I gaued at it, trembling in every limb, for fully ten minutes. Then I took a step forward when instantly it vanished—vanished like a candle blowu out. I stepped back again ; bnt it waa .eve timo before I could find thu exact spot and position from whioh it wad visible. At In?t, tlu>ro it wao, tho weird 're'd.isb. light, flickering uway as before. Then I sorewed up my courage, and made for tho rock; but the ground was so uneven that it was impossible to steer straight; and though I walked along the whole base of thu uhff, I could see nothiug. Then I mado tracks for boiuo; nnd I can tell you, boys, that tiutil you remarked it, I never know it was roiuing, thu whole way along.—Dot hallo 1 whnt's the matter with Tom ?" ; What indoed ? ' Tom wsb now sitting with hi? legs over the side of tho buuk, and his, whole face betraying excitement so intense as to bo. almost painful. "The..fiend would have two eyes. - How many, lights did- you ace.Dick? SpeakouU" ??'.." Only one.'.' . " Hurrah 1" ; cried Tom, "that's bettor/ Whereupon he kicked the blankots into the lhiddle of the ,room, and- began pacing up aud down with ? long feverish strides; Sud denly.he stopped opposite Diok, anil laid his hand upon hiashouldor. "leay, Dick,could we get to SasaasaVolloybefore sunri?O r'V'.':'-. f'Soarcoly," said Diok. , -?;<- -"Well, ; look,hero;, we are old friends, Dick "Wharton, you and I. . Now don't you tell any other, man what you have told us for a week. You'll promise' that, won'fcyonP" X I' could see by the look on Diok's faae ai) ho acqitie3oed that ho considered poor Tom- to bo mad; ;a_d indeed I was myself complotoly mystified by his conduct. I had, bowevor : seen !so many, proofs ; of 'ray ''frio-'l'a. good--.'.-een'se and quiok ness ot apprehonsiou that I thought it quite poasiblo that Wharton's story had had a moaning in his oys?. whioh I was too obtueo to take in; : ? ;. ? ; : .? ? All night Tbm Donahue was greatly ex cited, and when. Whartonlolt, hebegged him to romombfer bis promise, aud also eliolted from liim a description of the exact spot at whioh ho had seen tbe apparition, as well as the hour at -whioh it oppeared. After -bis. departure, whioh must have been about four in the morning, I turned into my bunk, and watched Tom sitting by tho flro splicing two Stick* together, until I fell asleep, I suppose Imu?t have slept about two hours; but whoa I awoke, Tom was still sitting working' away in almost the eamo position. He had fixod tbo one stibk across tho top of tho other to as to form a rough Tj and was now busy iii fitting a smaller Btiok into the'angle between them, by manipulating whioh th. crosi one could bo either cockod np or de pressed to any extent. He bail oat notches, 100, in the porpendioular atiok, bo that, by tho aid of tho small prop, the cross one could bo kept ia any position for an indefinite* time. . . ? "Look hero. Jack," ho cried, whenever .'bo saw that I'was nwako, " Come and give me your opinion. Supposo I put this crosa-Btiok pointing straight at o thiug,- and arranged thio email ono so as to keep-, it go, and left U, t could , find that thintf'. again if I, wanted it; don't you think X could, you think 80 P" ho continued, nervously, olutching mo by tho arm. .. "Well," I p-nsworod, "it would depend on how far off tho thing wan, and accurately it was pointed. If it wero any diatanco, I'd out sights on your cross-stick; then a string - tied to the end. of it, and held in ft plumb-lino forward, would lead you protty.-near what you wanted. But surely, Tom, you don't intend to localise tho ehost in that way ?" " You'll boo to-night, old friend—you'll sea to-night. I'll oarry this to tho Saaasea Valley. You get tho loan of 'crow- bar, and oomo-with me,- but mind you toll no man where you are going, or. what you want it for." ; All day Tom was walking up and, down tho room, or working hard 6t tho nppatatuu. His eyes were. glistening,,.his chesk beolic, and he had all tho symptoms ot high fever. " Heaven Brant that Diok's dk.guoslabo not aorr6oU" I thought, rb I returned with tho ? crow-bar j and yet, rb evening drew, near, I found myself imperceptibly abating tho excitement. About six o'clook Tom sprang to his feet and sdized hi? sticks. ''I can-stand it np longtif, Jaok," be oried; "up with your crow-bar, and hey for S-Bftsaa Valley J To-, night's work, my lad, will either make ub Or mar as. Take your six-shooter, in ctiao wo meat the Caffrea. I doxen't take 'mine, Jack," hojjonlinned, putting his hands on my ehoaldera—" I daren't tako mine; for if my ill-luckatioksti) mc to-night, I don't know what I might not do with it." Well, having flllod our pockets with pro visions, wo Bet out, and as we took our wearieomo way towards the Sasasia Valley, I frequently attempted to elicit from my companion some clue as to hi* intentions. But his only ahswor was: " Lot us hurry on, Jock. Who knows how many havo heard of Wharton's adventure by this timo I Let us hurry on, or we may hot be first in the field." Well, sir, wo eiruggled on through tho hills for n matter of ten miles, till at last, after descending a crag, wo saw opening i offt in front of us a ravine to eombro and. dark that it might havo been tho gate of [ Hadea itself; olitCa many hundred feet high shut in on every side tho gloomy, bonlder- Btuddod passage ' which fed through the haunted defile into Caffraria. The moon rising abovo tho cr*ga threw into strong relief the rough, irregular pinnacles of rook by whioh they wcra topped, while til bolow woe dark as Erebus. " Tho Sasassa Valley r" eaid L " Yes," eaid Tom. I looked at him. Ho waa o?lm now; the flush and fevoriehneea had passed away; his actions wero deliberate and clow. , Yet ' thero was a certain rigidity in his face and glitter in. his eye which showed that t\ orals had ootae. Wo entered the pa?t, stumbling along amid tho great boulders. Buddonly I heard a short quick exclamation from Torn. "That's the crag!" he cried, pointing to ? groat mass looming before us in tho dark* nen?. *' Now, Jaok, for any favour use your eyes t Wo'.o about a hundred, yards from that oliff, I tako it} to you move slowly towards one side, and I'll do the earns to wards the other. When yon boo anything step, and call out. Don't take mora than twolvo inches in a stop, and keep your eye fixed on tho oliff about oijrht fest from tho ground. Aro you ready t'\ "Yoa." ' I was ovon more excited than Tom hy : -t_i? time.' What hie intention or! objoot was Iconld not conjecture, beyond that he: wanted to examine: by day light the part of tho cliff from whioh tholightoame. Yet the influonco ol the romantio situation and of my oompanion'a Bupprossed cxoite uient waa so great that I could feel tho blood- coursing through:',? my veins, ;nnd count tho pulses throbbing at sny temples, ''Btart |" cried Tom; and we moved offj he to the right, I to the left, eaoh with our eyosvfixed intently on the base of the brag. X had moved perhaps twenty : feet, when in a! moment it buret upon mo. Through the growing darkness tbere ehone a small ruddy glowing point, the light from whioh waned and increased, fliokered and oscillated, e?oh change produoing a'more weird (fleet than thu last, The old Oaffre jsuperetitlon oamo into my mind, and I felt a cold ahnddor pass over mc. In my excitement I stepped a pace backward, when instantly the light went out, leaving utter d-rkoeus in its place; but ?whonLadvanoeS again, there.was the ruddy glare glowing from the base of the oliff. ?'!Toml.Tbml l *lcrled. ;: ;.? ! i- ;: ; !'."Ay Iby 1" I beard him exclaim, as he hurried over towards me,;. . ; ," Thero it is—there, ap against the oliff 1" ???". Tom was at my e1b0w.;.:," I seb nothing," said he. ??!'? Why, there, there, man, in froUtof yon I" I stepped to the right as.l.epoke, when Iho light instantly vanished from my eyes. But fronv Tom's ejaoalations of delight it wob olear. that from my former position it was visible to him also. M Jack,'? he cried, as he turned and wrung tny hand—" Jack, you and I oan never complain of our look again. 'Now heap: up a few stones where we are standing. That's right. Now we matt fix my sign-post firmly in at the top. There 1 'It would take a strong wind te blow that down, and ws only need! it to hold; ont till morning. . Oh, Jack, my boy, to think that only yesterday, we were talking of boooming clerks,.and yob saying that no man knew what was awaiting him, too I By Jove, Jaok, it would mike a good story I" . ! By this time we had firmly fixed .the per pcndioalar stiok in between two large atones; und Tom bent down and peered along the horizontal ono.! For fully a quarter of an hour he was: alternately raising and depress ing it, until at last, with a sigh of latieffto tion, he fixed the prop into the angle,, end stood up. "Look;along, Js.ok," ho Bald. "You have aa straight an eye to take a sight as! any man I know of." ! Hooked along. There, boyoad the farther ?sight, was the ruddy taintillatlug speok, apparently ut the end of the stick itself, so accurately had it been adjusted. , "And now, my boy," said Tom, " let's have some supper, and a sleep. There's nothing more to be done to-night; but we'll need all oar wits! and strength to-moxrow. Get some Btio_B, and kindlo a fire here, and then we'll, be oble to keop an eye on our signal post, and see that nothing happens to it during tbo: eight." Well, sir, we kindled a fire, and had supper, with the Sa?assa' doinon's eyo roll-' ing and glowing in front of ac the whole night'through.. Not always in the same placo, . though; for after ? supper, when I glanobd along .tho eights to have another, look at it, it was no whero to be eeoa. Tho information, did not, however, seem to dis turb Tom. in any way,!,-Ha merely re marked: "It'sthe mcbb'v not the thing, that has shifted;" and; coiling himself up, went to sloop. . By esirly dawn wo were both up, end gasing aloDg our pointer at the cliff j but wo could'make out nothing sava tho' ono dead, monotonous, 'slaty surface, rougher perhaps at the park .wo wore examining than elsowhero, but' otherwiao prssentin# nothing remarkable. / "Now for your idea, Jack," aaid Tom Donahue, unwinding a long, thin oord from ? round his waia):. " You fasten it, and guide me while I .takotbo other end." So 'Baying, ho walked off to the base of the aliff, holding ono eud of the cord, while I drew the othor taut, and wound it round .tho middle of the horizontal itiok, paiiing it through the sight at tha end. By this means I could diroct Tom io the right or left, jpntil' 4 wo had our string stretch ing .from - the point of attaohment, through .tho night, and on to tho roak, whioh it struck about-eight feet from the ground. Turn drew achalk clrolo .of 'about \- three leet diameter round the spot, and thon called to me to com# and join him. '' We've managed this buslnei? together, Jaok," bo mild, " and we'll find what wo are to.find, together," The circlo he had drawn em* braced a part of the jroek smoother than. the rest, saye that about tho centre there were a few rough protuberances or knobs. .One of theso Tom pointed to with; a cry .of delight. It waB a roughiflh, browni?li mass 1 about the size of oinari'g olosed. Cat, and looking like a bit of dirty glpss let Into the wall .ol tho cliff. " Thai's it," lie cried—that's it f* " That'll whot J" " Why, man, a diamond, aodsuoli aonoai tli?re isn't a~ monarch in Europe bat would, envy Tom Donahue the poisention of. Up with your crow-bar, and: we'll: soon exeMirt the demon of Saeanaa Valloy !" I was bo HBtounded that for a moment I stood speechless with snrprigo, gating at the treasure wbiph had to unsxpeoUdly fallen into our hands. .' : " Hore? hand ? mo the crow-bar," ?aid Torn, "Now, by using this little round knob which projects from tho cliff bora, as a 1 fulcrum, we may be able to lover it oil. Tee; there it goes. I never thought it could have eomo eo easily. Now, Jack, : the sooner .wo gat back to our hut, and then down to Cape Town, the better." Wo wrapped up our treasure, and mad# our way across the hills toward home. On the way Tom told me how, wbilo a law student in tho Hiddle Temple, ho had ooino upon a dusty pamphlet in the library, by one Jans van Hounym, whioh told of an experience very similar to ours, which had befallen that worthy Dutchman in the latter part of the seventeenth eoutury, an 4. which resulted in the dlsoovtry of a ? luminous diamond. This tale it was whioh ? had come into Tom's head oa he listened ' to 'honest Dick Whartoa'e ghoststcry j while tbo means whleh he had adopted to verify hie supposition sprang from hie own fertile Irl-tibndn. - "We'll take it down to Capo Town," continued Tom, "and. if we can'tdi?poso of it with advantage there, it will bo worth out while to ship for London with it. Let ?* go along to Madison's first, though, he knows something of.' those things, and can perhaps ?ivo ns eomo idea of what we may 00-iide. a fair prko,fo_ ?- our treasure." We tat-ned off from the track aeeordisgly, before reaching our hut, and kept along ' the narrow path leading to MadlioiiV. farm. Hswatat lunch when wo entered; and iv a minute we wet* seated at each ride ot him, enjoying South Afrio-n hos pitality. ' , "Well)" he -tld, after the servants wers gone, "what's ia the wind now? I see 70s have something to say to mc. Whatisitr Tom prodaoed hie packet, and eolomnly untied thahandketehisfs whioh enveloped it. "There I" lie said, patting his crystal on the table; " what would yoa say was a fair price for that !" Madison took it np and examined it oilli oally. " Well," he stid, laying it dawn again, "inits oxade etate.SJabont twelve shillings per ton." " Twelve ihilllngi I" cried Tom, starting to his feet. " Don't you see what it is 8" " Book-salt." " Book fiddlel—a diamond." " Taste it," said Madison. Tom pat it te ble lips, dashed It down with a dreadfal exclamation, end rushed out of the room. I felt sad and disappointed enough myself; bat presently remembering what Tom had eaid about the pistol, I too left the house, and made for the hat, leaving Madison opon moutbed with aetonlihment. Whon I got in "I found Tern lying in his bunk with his fees to the wall, too dispirited apparently to answer my consolations. Anathematising Diok and Madison, tho £fa~a*sa demon, and everything else, I strolled oat of the hut, ana rcfrosbcd my self with a pipe after our wearisome ad vonturo, I was about fifty yarde away from the hut, wbon Z heard issuing from it the eound whioh of all others I least ex pected to heex. Had it been a groan or an oath, I should havo takon it as a matter of course; but tho sound wbioh caused mo; tb stop and take the pipe out of my mouth waa a hearty roar of laughter! Next' moment Tom emerged from tho door, hie whole face radiant with delight. " Game for another ten- mile walk, old fellow f" "Whatl,:for anetherlumpofroel-salt, ! : at twelve shilling. aton V'X;-:A /yXXyIf'XZ :"'No, mora of'that,- Hal; mc/" grinned Tom. "Now/ ; look^hewi'V 's Jack. What blessedfools wo ore. to bo eoXXy floored by a trifle I Juit ?it on this a tump for five minutes, and I'll mako it as blear as daylight. Yeu've seen many a- lump ot \ rock-salt stuoh In a orag, and so havo I, though we did make such a mull of this one. Now, Jaok, did any of tho pieces you have ever seen shino in the darkness brighter than any firs-fly f" *' Well, I can't say they ever did." ..: <<i'_ vsnturo to prophesy that H wo waited until night, whioh-wo won't ilo, wo would see that light still gllmmerieg among tho rocks. Therefore, cT-ok; when wb took,away this worthless salt, we took the wrong crystal. It . is no very atraage thing in those hills that a piece of rock- salt should belying within a foot of a diamond. It caught our eyes, and we were exaited, and so wo made tools of ourselves, and left the ual tions bthlnd. Depend npon it, Jaok, the;Saeaesa gem ia lying within that magic eirole of ohalk npon the faoo of yonder cliff. Come, old.follow, light yonr pipe and etow your revolver, and we'll be off before that fellow .Madison has time to put two and two togother." \- I don't know that I was very oao_alne this time. I had began, in fact, to look upon the diamond as a most unmitigated nnlsaneo. However, rather than throw a, damper on Tom's expectations, I announced myielf - eager to start. What a walk it woe I Tom was, always is good mountaineer, bat bit excitement seemed to lend him wings that day, while I scrambled along after him as best I eoald. When wo got' within half a ? mil* he broke late the " double," and never pulled ap until hu reaohod tho round white eirole npok the cliff. Poor old Tom 1 when I ? came sp his mood had changed, and he was standing with his hands in his pockets, g.ainj vaeaatly beltro him with a rueful countenance ? " Look I" he sal_—"lookl" and he pointed at tho oliff. Not _ sign of anything ia the loaet resembling a diamond there. The oirols inoladed nothing bat flat, elate- ooloaied stone, with one large hole, whero wo bad est trade J the rook-iali, and one or two smaller depressions. No sign of the gem. "I've been over every Inch of it,'? eaid poor Tom. , V It's not there. Some !one has been hero and notioed the ohalk,; end taken il. Oome home, Jack; I feci tick and tired. Oh I had any man ever look like mine I" I famed to go, but took one last look at the oliff first. Tom was already ten pases off. "Hallo 1" I orled, "don't you see any change in that oirole since yesterday t" " What d'ye mean ?"?? said Toou "Don't you mia? a thing that wa? thera before f" " Tho rook-aalU" eaid Tom. ; "No; bat ilia little round knob that ws need for a fuloram. I suppose wo raojt havo mreaobedit oflinaeing the lever. Lei's have a look at what iV'a msdo of." Accordingly, atthe foot of the elifl we loarohid about ataong the loose atonaa, ? "Hero yen are, jTaekl Wa'vo dono it at ' last I We're made mtn l" ? I tnrnod nrand, and there waa Tom radiant with delight, and with & little corner of black took lu his hand. At flrat eight it seemed to lit merely a ohip from tbe olifl; but near tho base thorowas projecting from it an object which Tomwae now exaltingly pointing ont. It looked at fliet something like a glass eyd; but there was a depth and brilliaooy about it B.uph at glass never exhibited, Thero was no mistake this time; wo had, certain)}' got poasosaion of a jewel of great valnoj and with light hearts wo tnr&ed; from the valley. . bearing away with tie the " fiend" which had so long reigned there, . There, sir, I've ?jmti my story on!loo lopgr, and tired yotii, perhaps. You see, when I gat talking of thoie rough old days, I kind of tea the little cabin again, and the brook betide it, and the btuh aroosd, and ecom to. : hear Tom's heaest voice onee more.' .There's; little for me to gay sow. Wo prospered on the gem. Tom' Donahae. ae yon know, l)M sot up here, and is well known about town. , I have done well, farming, and ostriolj? : raising ia Afrlea. We eel old Dick Wharton op in basineis, and he ia one of on* nearest neighbonrs. If yoa ahoold ever be coming np oar way, sir.yoa'U not forget to ask for Jaek Tnrnball—Jaek Ttunboli of SasasM Farm. *:? '_' _?' '" -n lJ "' J "'?""' ' .""" ??:"?:''?????'. Tor-Vsa.— Two tt; well beaUnj tw>, tsoeupf _is of milk, and flour enough to m?lte a thl? batter; flnt mix together the fioar and milk smoothly; Jastr when they are ready to go into the oven:?£_ the eggs, beaten very light {fill earthen teacups hilf lull of the batter, with a small lamp'of butto on the top; place the cups on ? dripping-pan and bake lo a hot oven. They | are to be eaten with bntte* ?wd {?us?r, or '_? '?WOBBIUKUe. ?:.':.; '":.:";'. y ..; 