EIGHTEEN YEARS ALONE A TALE OF THE PACIFIC CHAPTER I. On the group commonly called the Santa Barbara Islands, so near tha main- land that on the map they seem mere crumbs of the Pacific coast, little is known even by Californians. Scarcely an American but has read of the tropical islands where the mythical Robinson Crusoe was wrecked, yet few persons know that over the desolate steeps of a nearer ialand of the same vast Ben hang the mystery, the horror and the pathos of a story of a captive woman ; a story, If it could be fully told, more thrilling than that of Crusoe, inasmuch as one is fiction, the other fact ; one, the supposed exploits of a hardy man, the other, the real desolation of a , suffering woman; one, the tale of a mariner whom the waters flung against his will Into a summer-land, the other, of one who voluntarily breasted the waves, and: fought death, in response to the highest love of which the human heart Is capable. The Santa Barbara Islands, on one of which this strange romance was enacted, lie to the southward of Santa Barbara channel, the nearest of the group being about twenty- five miles distant from the main-land. The names of the islands are Anacapa, Santa Rosa, San Miguel, Santa Cruz, Santa Catilina, San Clemente, Santa Barbara, San Nicolas. They are now uninhabited, and have been so for years. The inlands nearer the coast are used for sheep-grasing ; a sail boat carries over the shearers and brings back the wool. The more distant are known to trappers as fine beds of otter and seal. The sea-lions and sea-elephants In the Centennial Exposition, New York Aquarium and Cincin- nati Zoological Gardens were lassoed off the outlying Islands of the Santa Barbara group. Boats visit the beaches for abalones, the meat of which is dried and shipped to China for food, while the shells {Haliotis splendent, Haliolis rufescens and Haliotis cracherodii), sold at an average price of fifty dollars per ton at the San Francisco wharf, are bought by dealers in marine shells, cut into jewellry to be sold to tourists, or shipped to Europe, to be manufactnred into buttons and other pearl ornaments. Excepting the occasional camps of shearers, seal-hunters and abalone-packsrs, the islands are totally deserted. Yet, wild and desolate as they now are, Cabrillo says that in the fifteenth century they were densely peopled by a superior race, and that the main-land was dotted by villages. The children of the islanders are described by early navigators as being ' white, with light hair and ruddy cheeks,' and the women as having " fine forms, beautiful eyes and a modest demeanour.'' The men wore loose cloaks, the women dressed in petticoats and capes of seal-skin, heavily fringed and hand somely ornamented. The more industrious and wealthy embroiderod their garments with pearl and small pink shells. Necklaces of sparkling stones and carven ivory were worn by the higher caste, and ear-rings of iris-hued abalone were not uncommon. They cooked their food in soapstone vessels, or in water heated by dropping hot stones into water-tight baskets. Bancroft, in his ' Native Races,' mentions, among articles of their manufacture, needles, awls and fiah hooks of bone or shell ; water-tight baskets,: ollas of stone, and canoes, deep and long, with both stem and stern equally elevated above the water. Fletcher wrote of the' coast when he visited it with Sir Francis Drake in 1579. In the year 1512, Cabrillo landed at what is now known as San Miguel, and christened it Ysal de Posesion. He died on the island in 1543, and is buried in its sands. Going back still further in our search, we find that before the Spanish fleet, Sir Francis Drake or Cabrillo ever visited the coast, the villages thereon were thrifty and popu- lous, and the isles of the sea swarming cities of the period. Of San Nicolas, on which the scenes of this wild romance are laid, very little has been known until a recent date. It is the outermost of the group, distant seventy miles from the coast, and thirty miles away from its nearest neighbour. It is thought to have been at one time, the abode of a people differing in manners, habits and mode of life from the inhabitants both of the main land and the neighbouring islands. Mons. De Cossao, a gentleman engaged in collect- ing archeologioal specimens for the French Government, says that the relics found, by him on San Nicolas are more elaborate in form and finish, and show a superiority of workmanship. This testimony tends to con- firm the story, of the early voyagers concern- ing the cultivation and remarkable taste of the handsome dwellers in Gha-laa-hat, centuries ago. Mons. De Cessao has found also upon San Nicolas articles of warfare and domestic use, evidently belonging; to a northern tribe, similar to those picked. up by him on the borders of Alaska. Hence, he infers that the place was at one time the dwelling of north country tribes. Corroborating Mosa. De Cesseao's opinion, search through ancient manuscript - has brought to light the fact that, many years ago, a ship belonging to Pops and Boardman, of Boston, and commanded by one Captain' Whitmore, brought down from Sitka a lot of Kodiaks for the purpose of otter-hunting on San Nicolas Island. They were left upon the island, and years of feud resulted in a mas- sacre, iu which every grown male islander was killed by the powerful and well-armed Kodiaks. The women were taken by. the victors, lived with them as wives, and bore children to the murderers of their husbands and fathers. The fact is recorded that the inhabitants of San Nicolas faded away strangely and rapidly, so that, in 1830; less than two score men, women and children, re mained of the once dense population. Meantime, Franciscan zealots poured from the south of Europe into Amerioa, and, under lead of Father Junipero Serra, found their way up the coast, building churches beside the sea, planting gardens of olive and palm,making aqueducts and altars, founding a kingdom of tempored and spiritual splendour which leaves to Protestant America the names of saints set indelibly on every stream, headland and island along the southern slope of the Pacific. It was the dawn of a temporary civilisation, imposing and wonderful, a civilisation whose ruins are most artistic and fascinating. The missionaries pressed the Indians into service. The set them to tiling the soil, herding the flocks and quarrying the rook. The coast Indians, having been put to labour, the thrifty padres turned their gaze to the islands in the offing and brought to the main-land the people born Santa Rosa, San Miguel, Santa Cruz and Santa Catalina. Tho more distant island of San Nicolas was left a while to repose in its heathen darkness. How affairs progressed during that time on the island we have no account. At this day the queen isle of Gha- lao-bat lies bare and silent as a tomb amidst the sea. In this deserted spot, for eighteen years, a human being lived alone. Here she was found at last by fishermen who are living, and whose affidavits, properly witnessed, stamp as true every detail of the remark- able incident. CHAPTER II ' Ik the year 1835, Isaao Sparks and Lewis Ii. Button, Amerioane, ohartered 'a sohooner ol twenty tons burthen, lox otter-hunting on 'h: 'O7?6v Califcruia cens'. T!ie vceeel we? ovmui by ii rich Sriariiardjot Montor'y, Rnsi tvua comoiAiidud . by O^vtain Ohariey Hub. bi:rd. Tho tohooner bore tbe name' Peor h Neda, and she started out of Santa Barbara Harbour on a fine April morning, followed by the eyes cf the entire population. In those times the sight of a aniliag vessel wan not an every-day ooourrenoe. It drew tbe tnun to the beaoh, the women to tho oaBe monts, and attraoted [the . friers from their usnal mnditativo gaze on ground or book. For hours previous to. the dopattnro of tho Bohooner, the burving stretph ofeand had been alive- with' racing horsomou aud lazy pedDotrians, exchanging, in; Spanish, worda of praieo concerning their visitor. ' After a successful oralpo, the feorfo Nada came, three months later, into the more southerly harbour of San Pedro, unloaded ho; pelts, and ' immediately, under.' dirootion of Captain Williams, collector of tho, port, set sail -for San Nicolas ' to' bring the .islanders to the main-laud, in accordance with tho will of the church fathort. ? Before they reached their destination ttsuddeh gale came up, rlsbag . almost ? to the severity' of a tempest. The winds — whioh by the S»nt» Yuez mountains are deflected from the valleys of . the ? southern ooast— atruok with full force upon the upper end of San Nicol&i;, lashing the' shoal waters Into fury, and shooting the tpray in tolleys through the plotu'roaquo carvings of the low cllfts. The lauding was effected with', difficulty. The wind increased ' in violence. The weather became bo boliterous as to endanger the safety of the vessel. No time : was wasted.. The islanders, some twenty 'in number, were hurried Into: the boats, and all speed' was nude to reaoh the schooner. In the. excitement and confusion of the i final abandpnmeat of theU home, it was not known until they were on the ship that a child had' been left behind. The mother supposed it to have been carried aboard In the arms of an old sailor. . She frantically Implored the men to return. The captain reDlied that thev must Bet to a dace of lafety ; after .the storm—to-morrow, per: upa — they would come batik for the baby.1 Finding that they were going out to sea, the ^oung mother became desperate, and, despite ill efforts to detain her, jumped ovirboard, rod struck out through the kelpy waters for ;he ehore. She , was a widow,} between iwenty and thirty years of age, of medium leight and fine form; her complexion was light, and her hah; of a . dark, rich brown.: No attempt was made to reaoue her, and in \ moment she was lost in the seething waves.: rho ship, already under headway, staggered through the storm ; the affrighted inlanders huddled together on deck, and fxar shut 3vcry other emotion fox the time from their lltKtS.'.. ,' - ' ? ' ' . ? ' After an adventurous voyage, the Peor ds Nada eventnally reached jSsn Pedro, where the exiles were landed. Some of them were a:nt to Iios Angaloa, fifteen miles back from the coast ; some were put to work .ia tha neighbouring mission of San Gabriel; two of the women woro soon married to wealthy men ot Loa Angeloa. ..'.'. It waa the Intention' ot Captain Hubbard to return to San Nicolas immediately, tb.aee if the woman or ohild were living. . But 'the schooner had orders to come direct to' Santa Barbara, to take George Nidiver and a party of otter'huuteri to' Santa Rosa Ial&ud; afterward, carry from 'Monterey a - cargo of timber to San Francisco. Tho boat was in urgent demand along the coast, and theee two ttlpa warn imperative boforenj second visit could be made to San Nicolas. D«loy ing their errand of humanity and justice a few weeks, they lost ib for ever ; for on that very trip the Peor is Nada oapsized at the entranoa to tao Golden Gato. The' men were washed ashore in au ulmost exhausted condition, »ud the schooner drifted out to sea. It was, repotted long . after, though without confirmation, to Ucva been picked np by a Kusslan ship, . ' After the loss of the Montoroy Bohooner, there was no crtf t of any kind .largor than the Oinoeu and fishlDg-bo&ts; on the lowir coait. ' No one car»d to attempt a puaags of Sevonty miles to San Nioolas in an open boat, and after a time tbe excitement and interest faded out. . Those who at first had been most' Bolioitous that aiitatanse should be - Bent settled Into the belief that the couple had perished during the days of waiting; the remainder of the community, never having believed that the woman' had leached shore through the stormy were indifferent, suppos ing that the child had died soon after the. txagio death of the mother. Their uncertain fats lay heavy on tho more tender-hearted of the mission fathers ; but it was not until I860 that Father Gun Bales found an emiisary to' searoh for the' lost. Thomas Jeffries had. coma into ponoes slon. of a small sohooner, and was offered' £60 should he bring the woman or child to' Santa Barbara alive. Fifteen years having passed sues the abandonment of the island, and, no one having visited the upot during that tim«, the prooablllty of the death of the parties was universally accepted, although no actual proof of death had bein sought or found.' ' ,'' '? . , But when ihomaa Jenries' boat .vTub sees, at the close of a balmy day of midwinter, coming up the bay without: the signal ha Was to huva displayed provided his aearoh had been successful, the mutter was settled.' Groups of persons congregated on the Bands. Some watobed from shore this smull craft told her wing* and. settle to rett on the mirror-like water, others put off In canoes to meet the boatmen, and gossip concerning the. ttip. Jeffries had' found no trace of living beings on tho island, and whether th» woczan had beau beaten to death in tha surf, or died after gaining the land, would probably never be known.. The schooner was left idly rooking oloae to shorn | sailors aud landsmen strolled sloirly up to the town. Night .mantled the moaning waters, and the great deep waa left in posatSBioa of another secret. ' Thereturuof JeffcUs brought up nfreoh the incident, which by.iowo had been almost forgotten. Fora few houri little' was talked of «av» the heroic young mother and her ohUdinthoeea-gtitlsle.' ?'? ? ' \ ' Time passed swiftly .on, and In the dreamy; full contentment of the land the dead woman ot San Nicohts slipped from mind, and thought, and speeoh. , ? CHAPTER III. Tom jEFirniEs' visit to San Nicolas was tbe theme of more than ono -day's' gogeip.J Tho island he described ,as seven -.or eight miles, long, by three or.four in width j the body of the land ntar six' hundred- foet:.ahove the beaoh,' the' plateau falling in steep gulches to the sea. There . wero quantities of : small laik inland,, ,but'.no:,othejt fowV save) sea Rulls. 'nellcans aud., ihaes. ^Noiabeis of red f oxea were «eea In the iblUs, and . droves . of curious wildidoga, tall »nd. tlender, with cowoe, longhair and human eyes.^On aflat, near' ,the .npper end of the island, and half hidden by aond dunes, he found' the zemalna of » curloiu hut, made of whales' ribs p hinted in a oircle, and so adjuitedjOi to form the' prop'er,(curve of,a wlgw»m-ahaped shelter. ; This, ho judged to hive been formerly either the residence of .the .chief,, :or-;a:place of worship where saoiifioea. wore offered. H» had picked, up , sovMal / ollaj, or -.teasels ' of ?tone, and one psiticuktly handsome bup of clouded y green serpentue. ? But of all the ' wonderiof the llland, the features on whioh Jeffjr}i» liked best to dwell were tha' fine' bed*' ot ottK and seal In the vicinity bt Sw Nicolas. So fnb,i]]ous woro his ysrmi, tbxf ?-hi' interMt of tha other hunters wan »rouacd, and early in the following yow n boat was fitted but, and. George Nidtvor, accompanied by Thomas ' Jeffries and a orew of Indians, started on an otter hunt to tho wonderful otter-beds seventy milasaway. ' ? A landing was tfieoted ne&r-; the southern en d of, the Island, and, climbhiK the cliffs to see whero the otter lay, they had a magnifi cent view of the islands to the north and «aat. ,0a the south-west , the ^Pacific rolled out its azure breadth, unspeckfld by shora, or raft, or spot ot nny kind. Tho island on which they stood seemed n quiet, calm, deserted spot, In tho sunsnlne that, then enfolded It. Buttotfllos hovered - over the wild sag'e upon tha. knolls; soft .. breezes tocked lazily the scant grass about their feet'; ^thioketB of chaparral dotted . the hille ; cactus held bat waxes trays, where, on burnished mats of thorns, reposed fringed yellow satin flowers ; 'a trailing sand plant, with thick, doughy 'leaven, wafted from lta pink oluatera a most doliclouB odour— an odour that had fn it tho haunting sweetness of the arbutus and the freshness of the salt s»a wind.' -?-....-.. The otter-hunters did not linger long on the cliff, for on one aide they found tho rooks swarming with black seal, thousands of them mingling their sharp bark with the heavy .roar ot aea-llorjs. Tho otter were thick on the reefs, and a Btranded whale lay in the edge of the crinkling surf. . , ? The party romalued six weeks in camp on the beach. Oats atnok upright in the 'sand,' oovered by canvas; composed' their shelter ; a spring was found midway up the oliff, so that during their stiiy no one .had ocoa sion to' go inland or wander far from the otter-beds, which' were on the aids of the island where their tents were pitched. The seal la caught aalaop on tho rocks, lassoed or. knocked in the hand ; ??? inciilonB are made in; the nippers, lower jaw, lip and tail, and, about :four minutes are required by a good' workman to skin an ordinary nusxl. The hides are -salted, and, af tor a week or two, bundled HniJ packed. The otter, most timid! of tho animals of tbe sen, la caught In nets' Bpread upon swaying bpds of sen-weed, or is; Bhot while lying with, iheg'd buried in kelp to ?hut out tbe sound of a storm. It ia very . sensitive to noise, and so shy that it takes' alarm at every unusual sight.' The loose hide Is taken from the .body with ope cut, turned wrong side out, stretched and dried. .Before the Bohooner left the vicinity of San Nioolas, a terrible storm arose, lasting for eight days, oarrying away a mast and dragging the anohor, so that auothsr had to bo improvised of a bag filled with stones. During the tempest, a sailor fauoied ho eaw a human figure on the headland of the Island. Through the washes, of spray it eeeihed to be running up and down the edge of the plateau, beckoning and Bhouting. The captain wan. called, but the; apparition' had vanished. On tbe eighth . day, the schooner w«« en&blad; to tun over to San Miguel,' and from there to Santa Barbara, where the sailor's story of tbo beckoning ghost of San Nicolas haunted for a long time the dreams ot tha BuperstitiouD on shore. - A eeoond cruioa o{ the otter-huntors failed to bring any additional news of the phan tom of the sea. Everything on land was just its before; not a leaf had been disturbed, not a traos was found. . : ' In July, 1853, the otto-men made % third (rip to San Nicolas', anchored off 'the north east side, and established a camp on shore. The i pirty consisted of Captain Nldiver, « fisherman named- Carl Detmnn, who went among sailors by .the soubriquet of Charlie Brown, an Irish cook and a orew of Mission Indians. ; ? The evening after their arrival, Nidiver' aad Brown '-'strolled several miles, down the. beach, enjoying their pipes and discussing plans for work. It was one of those limpid night », sueh as California knows — a night when the stars shine large and . warm from the low sky, when the moon burna with an ambor blaze, and fragrance ia in the air. ; As the comrades' were about to retrace their Bteps, Nidiver stopped, looked quickly about him, then stopped, and eloaoly. examined something oh the ground. In the weird- moonlight, plainly outlined on .the lonely shore, . was the print of a Blender, naked foot. ???'???. 1 'The; woman of San Nicolas 1 My God, ahe Is living 1'. f ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '' : He- lifted his voice, nnd shouted in Spanish that friends were oome to rescue her. Oirer ooma bv the oonvlotion that the lo«t wnmnn must have boon near when ho waa in camp two yean before— that it waa not a ? oreatlon of fanoy, but a living being they had soon In the.- storm— the captain rah to and' fro, balling, ^ looking and swearing by turns. JHours were spent by the two men in search, but in vain. '?- '?'? '?'' ;:'-' ' - ' '[ ; Thanexb day/Nldlver found a bukei'of'. rushes hanging in a tree. It contained bono needles, , thread made of sinews, shell fish-' hooks, ornaments, and a partially completed, ?robe of birds' plumage,- made of small squares' 'neatly matched and Bowed together. Nidiver proposed replacing the things, b'ut Brown mattered them about Buying that, if they were picked up.it would be proof that the: Dwner had visited : the - spot; Inland ' they Jleooveied several circular, xoofleos inclooures, made of woven brush. Neat these BheUers wore, poles, with dried meat 'hanging from elevated oross-pieces. ' The grass was growing In the; pens, . and- nothing: indicated 'their recent habitation. Infiieuresof perpendloulat rooks near the springs were wedded dried fish tnd seals' blubbir ; but no sign of the near p'resonce of tha hermitess. ..... , - -' After several days the men abandoned the chase. Ther* was no doubt that some ono had been on the island very latoly. Either tho woman, or the child: grown to womanhood, had lived there,' or, perhaps, both mother and child had' survived1 until recently.. But they must have been dead' mouths at. least; The footprint was' older than .at first supposed. ' Tho robe had nob been replaced '- in tho -'?? treo; ?'- ? The ' ' captive porohauce died of despair ufter they left her beckoning In tneptorm.'; .''-.' ! i After.tuat, tho fishing went oh for 'weeks,; and they were about returning' homey when Nidiver said he believed a person was hiding on the island. . If she was living be was bound, to 'find her. If dead; he would find her body if ha had to iorape the iolaud inoh by inch. ; This provoked n laugh of dorislon. Of. course the wild dogs had devoured her remains, ? ,But Nidiver. was convinced' that the woman was afraid; had concealed herself; possibly on the opposite .aide of the lelaud, whero the shore was precipltonB,di£Boult of' access, containing perhaps gulches and ' caves unknown tb, them.; ..The men murmured at the delay, w«q incredulous as to the aucceas* of the raid, rebelled at the long tramps over a wUdcbnntry. ; ;;.? -; ... .:.;,..; .;'... :::j. ::::'. 1 The old captain was firm ;. suitable prepa rations were - made,, and ; the entire: force of otter- men started on their , -final hunt; for; a ghost.' 'Noar tho head of tho island they, came' across,' the bone; -house Jeffriea. had deeoribbd. .RaBhea were skilfully, ioterlaoad in the rib frame-wprk, nn olla and old. basket, were near tho door. It stood amidst, nn- trampled weods. Alter several flays': marob, a dangerous olimb over slippery rook's brought Brown to a spot where there wore freshipot prints. Ho followed them up th,e olifla until they were lost in the thlok moss that oovored the ground. Walking further, he found o pieoe of drift-wood fromwhioh hecorioludod the perBonhad been to' the; beaoh for flre wood,: and dropped the faggot on her way linnio. Prom « high point on tho ridgo h» caw tlib mon moving abrfnt bblow, Ther. his eye caught a nmttll objeot a 'long way off on' the hills. It appeared like a crow at firat glunoo, but it moved about in a singular' manner. Advancing toward it stealthily, he was dumbfounded to find that it was the head of a woman, barely visible above the low woven-brush sides of hor roofless ratreat in the.bushes. ..--.?./ i 'As Brown drew nearer, a paokof dogs roolining oloae to the woman growled; but without looking aroo,nd the woman uttered a peouliar ory.. which silenced them, and ,thoy ran away to tho bills. Brown litilted within a' few yarda of her, and, himself nnoeoti, watahod:. every mbvement' within- the hut. InBida the iuelosnre \yna a mound of grsaa, woyon baskets full of things, and a rude knife made of a pieoe of iron hoop,. thrust into a wooden handle. A fire Btnouldered near, .and a pile of. bones ilay in the aeh.es. The oomploxiou of the woman was muoh fairor than tho ordinary Indian, her porsonal ippoara*ioe plnaBing, features regular, her hair, thick and brown,, falling aboni.her shoulders in a tangled mat. From the time Brown arrived within' hearing, she kept up i continual' talking to. herself. Sho was leaning forward, shading her eyes with hor hand, watching the men orossing the flat below her dwelling. After looking at them, with an anxiety impossible to be.depiotod, she orouohed in terror, but immediately started up aa if to ran. The men on the flat had not seen her, and Brown, putting his hat on the ramrod of his gun, alternately liftod nnd lowered it to attract their attention ; then by signs he intimated thnt tho woman was found, and they should spread out so as to catoh her if she tried to ceoape. Before the men reached the knoll, Brown stepped around in sight and spoke. , She gave a frightened look into his faoe, ran a tow Bteps, . but, instantly oontrlolling herself, stood still and. addressed him in an unknown tongue. ' She seemed to be between forty and fifty years of ago, in fine physical condition, eieot, with well- formed neok and arms and un wrinkled faoe. She was dresnod in a tunic shaped garment made of birds' plumage, low ia the neok, sleeveless, and reaching to tbe ankle. The dress wan sitnihr to the one found in the tree. As the men oamo up, sue greolea tuem eaeh in the way sue had met Brown, and with a simple dignity, not without its effect ou both. Indians and white men, made them welcome and sot about pieparing food for them from her eeanty store. The meal consisted of roasted rootB, called by' Calif ornianB carcomites; but when waa there known a more touching hospitality? Among tbe Indian orew, thera were several dialects spoken, but none of the party wore able to converse with their hostess, or under stand a word she uttered, and they, were forced to try and make her know by signs that she was expeoted to go with them, Brown went through the motion of .packing her things in baskets, shouldering them, and walking toward the bonoh. Sho compre hended Instantly, aud. made preparations to depart.' Her effects w«ro neatly placed in pack-backets, ono of which, aha swung over her back, and, taking a burning stick ' I rom the fire, she started with a firm tread after the Indiana to the shore. Beaide the load the female Cruso carried, Nidiver and Brown had thujr arma full. Upon reaching the' boat, she entered without hesitation, going forward to the bow.-kneoling and holding to eithsr-side. When the schooner was reached, sho wont aboard without any trouble, sat down near the stove in the cabin, aud quietly watohod the men in their work on bo:ird. To repUco her feather dress, which he wished to preserve, Brown made her a petti coat of ticking; and with anmn'e, cotton shirt and gay. neckerchief, her seml-civllieod dress was complete. While Brown waa Bewing Bho watched him closely, and laughed at his manner ot using a needle. She showed, him . that; her. way was to punoture the oloth with : hor bone needle, or awl, land 'then put the thread through the perforation!. She signified that Bho wished to try a threaded needle, and Brown., good-naturedly, gave hor sewing materials, but She oould not thread theneodle. Brown prepared it, and gave her an old oloak of Nidiver'B to mend, and while she took her first lesson in sewing, she told her teacher on shipboard,' by signs, portions of her life on the island. '......?? ' ; She had from time to time Been ships pass, but none came to taka her off. She watched an Inner nq Hbfl Qnrflri flan thnm. And. A9tt\r than were oat of sight, she threw herself on the ground and oried, but alter a time Bhe walked over 'the island until she forgo* about it and' oould smile again,- She had also eoen people oh the beaoh several times. She was afraid and hid until they were gone, and then wept because she had not made herself known. She said that he had taken her by surprise and she could, not run, and she was glad bijoanee he would take 'her to her people; her people had gone away with white men in a ship. Brown understood by her signs that at the time of the desertion of the island she had a nursing baby, whioh she tepresented by suoking her' finger, and plaoing her arm in position ot holding an infant at the breast ; ehe waved her hand over the sea, to indicate that the ship sailed away, . oalling baok- ' Manana' (to-morrow) ; then she could not find her child, and wept until -she was'very ill, and lay prostrate for days, iu a, bad of plants resembling cabbage,, and oalled : by Califor- , nians '.'Sola1: Santa.' Stie 'had nothing' to eat but the leaves. .When, she revived some whatV'Bhe' 'brawled to a Bpring, and'affer a time, BB-her strength raturoed, she inade'flre by rapidly^ rubbing a. pointed atiok^ along the' groove of a fiat stiok until a spark wasstrdok. It, was., a .difficult task, and. shew'as oarelnl' not to let her firs go but ; she took brands with hor on her trips, and covered the homo fire with1 ashes to preserve; it ,', '.'?', ?','1;,l',ii .',';? ', 'flheliyedjdurlngher baptMty; on fisb^'iiealV: blubber, roota and 'shell-fish ; aud th» birds, whote skins she' secured for clothing, were sea-birds, whioh sha caught at night off their roostB in the seams of tho craga. Tho bush inclqaurea aho roads for d ,BCreen'f(bm the winds, aqd as a protection white' asleep.; from- wild nuimalo. Sho made frequent ; oxcur BionB'ove'rthtiBland from, li«r mala duelling, which! was' a large cave on the north end jot San Nicolas. She kept, dried meat, a'teaoh, osmping-staiion ; tho food In iha crevices by the sprluga was for the time whan, from oloknoaaoroldago, ehe would only bo ablo to 'crawl to the. water and: livo on what »he had there stored out of reach ot the dogs.-: .; That the. woman had faith in a supreme power was evinoed Boon after the sohoonor set sail from the fishing-groundgs. A gale overtook them, and the' passongdr made 'signB that sho would stop'the wind. With ho-\faafl turned in the direotiou from whioh the storm a'sne. she muttered words of nraver until tlm wind had ?' abated,' then turned 'with a beam Ing oountenanoe .and, motioned that ,her petition had been answered. ' They anchored under \the leo ' of Santa'; Oraz,', whero tho woman' waB highly interested in seeing an other island than her own. When they approaohod the shoroB of Santa Barbara, an' ox- team passed along tho beaoh. Tho Stranger was.oomplotely hewildorea;' Captain Nidivoi's son, who had been on the look-out for his father's sail, rode down to the land ing on a handsome little broncho. The islander, who had juBt stepped ashoro, was wild with delight. She tonohod the horBe and oxamined the lad; talking rapidly,' and;' it the sailors turned away, oalling to, them to oome' back and look. Then she tried to rftpweent tMe 7iovol oi:;bt by pultiiia two, Go^oTR o' liar ri^h! hand -over tho fiiainb of tier loft, moving thorn to irnitntu Sho horsa walking. '? . . 1 Captain Nidivar oonduoled tho wjmaa to his home, and uat her in obnrgs of his Spanish wife. Tho news spro&o;'iog, Fathor ? GodziIob, of Santa Barbara Mission, oamo to see liar ; many persons gathered from the ranches round about,' and the house was orowded constantly.' The brig Fremont came into port soon, after, and the captain offered Nidiver. tho half ' of. what he -would m«ke, if ho would allow her to be exhibited in San Franoiaob.. Thia offer was rofased, arid .also another from a Captain : Trussil. Mrs. Nidiver would not hear ol tha friendless or-iaturo hoing made a show for the curioas The bareft mother .evinced the greatest fondueea for Mrs. Nidiver's ehildron.oaress ing and playing with them by the hour, and' telling the lady, by signs, that when she swam baok to tbe shore her . baby was gone, and ehe believod .the dogs had eaten it. She went over, again and again, her grief at, its loss; her frantic searoh for it, even. after' it had been gono a long time ; her dread cf being alone ; her hope, for years, of rosaue, and at last the despair, that in time became resignation. .... ? ..-; ? ' . Tho visitors sometimes gave herpresents, which she put aside until, the donora had doparted, seeming to know by intuition that they would be offended if she refused, to accept them ; but as soon as the guests were gono Bhe called the little children, and distributed her . gif t3 . among them, laughing if they were pleased, and happy in their joy., ?' . ? ? - A few days after Her arrival, Father Antonio Jimeno sent for Indians from' the missions of San Fernando and Santa. Tuez, in hope of finding gome ono who could con verse with the islander. At that time thera were Indians living -in Los AngelO3 county, belonging to the Pepimaros, who, , it wa3 said, had in former years co mmunica~ tion with the San Nicolas Indians. .But neither these, nor TthoBo from San Buena . Ventura, or Santa 'Barbara, could ;under stand her, or make themaelve3 understood. In less than two decades after the little band had left San Nicolas, their where abouts: could not be discovered. They were a mere . drop in tho stream of eeirf a known' by the general name of Mission IndianB. Beyond a few words, nothing ' was ever known of her tongue. A hide sho called io-co (io-kay) ;' a man, ?', nach'o (nah-chey) ; the sky, to-gua (tay-gwah)'; the body, pinchs (pin-oo-chey). V She learned a few Spanish words : pan (broad), 'papas (potatoes), cafcaKo (horse). Sometimes sho called- Captain Nidiver,' in Spanish, ' tata (father), Bometimes namt '(mother.) '., The ^gentleness; , mode/tty and taot of the untutored wild woman of the Pacific were so fbreigu. to ideas of the Bayage natnrei'' that some parties believed that she was not an Indian, but a person of distinction oast away by shipwreck, and adopted by theislande'ra before their removal from their home. Others were oprtain, from her evident refinement, that Bhe had not been, long alone, bnt had drifted- to San- Nioolas after the' Indian woman perished in the surf, and had by mistake been taken .for the original savage.'. The old sailors who reBOued her ' affirm that' she.wss an. Indian,, the same who jumped from the schooner to save her child. The . representative of a lost tribe, the stands out' from tho Indiana of the coaat, tho possessor ot noble anddiBkinotive- traits; provident,' oloanly, taetetnl, ami&ble-;, imitative, conside rate, and .with, a maternal, devotion which. oivilization has never surpassed. ' ? ?? -'* Sho was greatly disappointed when none' of her kindred were found;- She drooped ' under civilization ; she missed the oat-door life of her island oamp. After a few weeks she/ became too weak to walk; ehe was oarried on to the poroh every day in a ohair. She dozod in. ,the sunshine, while tbo children played. around her. She waa patient and' cheerful, looking eagerly into every new1! face for recognition, .and sometimes sing ing softly to herself. Mrs,- Nidiver hoped a return to her. old diet, would help her.:. She procured seal'sraeat, and roaBted it in ashes. When the sick woman saw it, she/ patted her nurse's hands affectionately,' but could not eat the food. , She tell from , her chair one morning, and remained , insensible for hours. , Seeing the approach:-, of death, Mrs, Nidiver sent for a priest ,to,, Wnfisn Tim? ? motiail. At first he. refused. , not knowing but that she had beenbaptised t. previously, although the. burden of.propi was1 against it At .length, heeding,, the kind Catholic lady's; distress, he consonted ' to administer the rite, conditipBally. Aa.. Bhe was' breathing herlost,. the sign oj thef, crbBswaa pressed on.-.hor cold brow, and.: the unknown, and nameless creature was . ohristened by. Father Sanchez,,, in the, beautiful Spanish, 'Juana Marie. '.',... In a ; walled cemetery, from whosB portals gleam .? ghastly skull and brossrb'ones, close to the Santa, Barbara Mission, ^under the shelter;,' of tho tower^,is,t6e negleoted , grave of a devoted motller, the heroine of San Nicolas. ; ; The abandonment ot S»n Nicolas oocurred forty-six yeara, ago, The survivor of eightesn' , years' solitary captivity, arrived in Santa Barbara the. 8th' of SeptembBr, 1853.!, Cap- ? tain Nidiver'B house, where the atvangcr died, ,, ' Btancla in. eight of the ,bceau, 'and can be , pointed out by any Bohool-boy in the town. ,v Nidiver and his wife are living, and their son, George follows tho sea, as his father 'did bo-\ , fore him. CarlDetman, or '. Charlie. Brciw... as he is oalled by old sailors, may be found any day 'where the' retired .boatmen con-. ' giegate. ' Thomas Jeffries walkB the streets ! in blouse, wide hat, and flowing grey hair. , Dr. BliakerhoS, who attended the wom&n; ot ' San Nioolas, ib a' well-known' physioion of the oity. Father Gonzaloa. died a. few years ago, after a oontinaons residence of more than a quarter of a oentuty ia the mission. - 'For' a long time ho was partially paralysed, and was oarried about in a ohair. I ro momber him as a little, dark man, with eyes ; 'that blazed unnaturally from sunken sockets, : ! hia appearance rendered mare startling by a '; whito turban bound around his head.- He is buried under the floor of the old ohapol. 'The rambling mansion on: State-street, I known as the Park Hotel, may have shel- '.',' terod tourists who read this aooount. It waa . ; ithe first briok house bnilt in Santa Barbara, and was the private ' residenoe of Isaao ' Bpaik8,'i the leBsoo of , tho- sail-boat from ;. whioh, in 1835, ' the ?' woman jumped over- '? board.- ?' Burtoa'a;'Mp'und,' 'a, picturesque' knoll, threaded by rowa of olive treeB, belongs ' to Lewis' L. -Burton, another xlessoe ' of tho Peor Cs . Nodal A lady.' in ? Sau' EianoiBOO;' had . some', of the.,., islander's needles.1' Nidivor .- and ? Brown retain . her .- curious .water-tight', baskets. ; The missibn fathers ' Btmt her feaihor :iol)8B , to Rorao.' Thov wire ? made :?: ot.- the satiny plumage* ot ;.l| the green cormorant, the feathers pointing :' downward, and so skilfully matohed as to Boem one continuous BheeQ of- ohangefol ? luster.' ? ii-.,i ..-..:ti.\i--. '-;.'. ,' ;':-':' ii'-i-s^-'^-1' '-' ;The reoord of , baptism is in the.oburoh register.' Her grave iwill.be pointed oat to anyone by the Franoisoan, brothers on the ,. hill.— Scribntr't Magazine. ' | ' ; ?,..-?,?;.?? .??'?; ?' '? .'.' -': ? ' ? :- ? ?' ???-'?' . ? !??-. ???''? ??,?'--.- '* . ?-', ' : ; '.How are' yoti coming oni 'jrilh sea-.,, bathing ?' asked » . gentleman of , an . invalid. - f 'Splendid-! '''I bathe' tbroa times a divy.' , V'Howabyoulike'll:?', ' The dootor eayai I , matt t&ke;'a toddy after tach1 bath to restore ? the circulation ; that's how {like It.' ! 