Recognition of Bravery. Thk contributions forwarded to u« for the purpuso of creating a fund to recognise and reward the brarury of tho poiioe who dofeated and captured the bushrangers at Wantabadgory, amounted to £160 7s. The monuy has boon handed to tho Inspector- ? Qenoral of Police fordlstiibution, ami j in his leltoracknovrledging iU rocuipt r. Foiborv savn :— Tlio amount will bo dutrilmloil ai.Tnn ?uggut, and jn aoourdanoe with tho doniro of llio oontributiona. Tho £305a, inooially ?ubaoribod for Mn. Bowoii will In) hamluil to hor. Tho Ulanoo will bo dividu.1 h». tween the polioo who wore ruwanloil by Ilm Uovornmimt, and in tlio lllto pronoitim,. ?o lato MulorKionitable Howoin hIiwi will, a* a matter of ooune, bo paid tu hia widow.'— 8. if, UonUd. The Rushoutter's Bay Ghost. ATRusheuttor's Bay, the other night, a gentleman was witting in his eawy chair noar an opon window, smoking imro Amorican tobacco grown at Tuinut, and inhaling the delicious fragrance of the evening broom. Hu was suddenly aroused by a stealthy movoment, and then a noise, an of somoono gently ' rapping at his oliainbor door.' His nerve had pro viounly boen somewhat disorganized by unaccountable sounds and myster ious inlluencos which h&vo; for somo time porweatort tho neighbourhood. Qoing to Iuh window ho loDkod out, -ut saw notliing but tho night and the harbour, but ho distinctly hoard a ru«tliatf such as 'spirits' maku when they aro raised by modiuins. Startled and unnerved, he procooded back to his room and spont tho noxt 10 minutes wondering what the ffhostlyioanifoBtationsmeant. Again the mysterious sound floated in on the aromatic breese through tho opon chamber windows. Fearing, and trembling, the gentleman once again gazod out. But seeing nothing, hu pluoked up somo little courage, and going outside he concealed himself. for tho purpose of penetrating the dark mystery. His resolution wae rewarded, for shortly afterwards he saw the apparition of a large woman with a sliawl over her hear), under neath which was a single white gar ment roaching to the knees, and without shoe* or stockings. The ghostly figuro elided up and down tho street, and in about 10 minutes it planted itself in front of tho gentle man's window. Rendered rather desperate, and being aim somewhat curious to know tbe object of tha supernatural visitor nightly per ambulating the street* sad watching underneath poopU's windows, tho gentleman in question watched the ghost for some time, and finally sprang **p suddenly right ia front of the apparition, atj ?poke to It No reply was vouchsafed, but the gho* sprang bock about two Or thre* yards. spread out its lotp, bent forward, and mode grimace* several time*. -.Tim fi^urotTiensbwIvretraatedanattttf JisajipRareJ. Tho spectre 1»»*BHHW previously seon to enter some dty^Hi sorted iionsM which are*6 bo pulled^ down, and wandering through them. '' v- It was also ouxorved to emerge from and return into a hiuse about 100 yards on the Sydney side of the toll bar gate, and to glide batofeoted over ' the new metal and rough pimps without inconvenience. The &gu;* appeared to enter the how* fat ques tion through the keyhrrfe,asta«door did not seem to be opened. It is wanted to bo known whattodo with a ghost of this description. Perhaps Mr. Bowie Wilson or Mr. Orevillo have been holding a stance out there 1 ttely, and forgot to giys the ueow- , ^ary benediction at parting, or, .which U moro likely, the 'spirit** in of the Paul Pry family, and wisiiai to know all about its neighbour))'' ? affairs, iu which caw the process of 'laying the ghost' would be both interesting and effective.— Evening No .vs. ? Mr. F. B. Suttor has been re-efcetea for Bathurst, Mr. D. O. Wiltiamson, a local candidate, wbo nominated hiuHslf, having withdrtkWft, 