i AMUSEMENTS. THE OPERA. The production of Weber's romantic opera " Der Freist chintz " is at any time an event of importance in the musical world. Like the " Don Giovanni " of Mozart, it is an opera for all time and for all people. No company with any real claim to the name can omit it from its list of works and no prima donna can consider her list of grant] arias complete unless she numbers " Softly sighs " in it. Nor is the charm confined to the melodies sun or to the story told by the vocalists. The overture stands unsur- passed and the instrumentation throughout is so masterly and so complete that to study the score, apart from the sound, is an intellectual treat of the highest order. It is seven years since this famous composition has been given on the Sydney stage. Then Miss Alice May was Agatha ; Mr. Beaumont, Max and Mr. T. H. Rainford, Caspar. In colonial communities seven years is a long period to the young people of the present day it is an age in retrospect-and therefore we may be forgiven for a somewhat detailed reference to this work, so pre-eminent in sterling opera. In 1822, Carl Maria von Weber, then director of Royal Opera in Dresden, obtained permission from the King of Saxony to conduct his new opera, " Der Freischutz," on its first performance in Berlin. Two years later it was performed, for the first time in England, at the English Opera House, when Braham was Max, and T. P. Cooke Zamiel, the Forest-fiend. Then it was received with spontaneous admiration.-" genuine approba- tion arising from a feeling of the merits of the composition, without the assistance of liqueurs, or any other sort of artifice." Time has endorsed and elaborated this verdict. The originality of the themes is very striking, and proves the author to have possessed a rich vein of melody, a strong feeling for harmony with a full knowledge of its powers, a poetic mind, and a clear judgment. The overture is most masterly in structure, and largely indicates the characteristics of the story to which it leads, - The first subject is the vivace afterwards introduced in the tenor song Is fine in conception, and most ingeniously worked out. The second subject, in E flat, is exceedingly beautiful ; the skill with which the modulations are effected,' and the subordinate motif brought out fresh with every change, is exquisite. A few perfect chords compel attention and the peroration in C major, appeals to every nearer by its brilliancy and and grandeur. Some portions of this, as rendered last night, deserve the strongest censure and duly remember- ing the difficulties of insufficient rehearsal and recent combination of the orchestra, we unhesitatingly blame the conductor for permitting so slovenly a performance of such magnificent music. Great want of judgment, too, was shown in the quick time at which he took the Bridesmaids' Chorus, whereby the graceful swing of this semi-national melody was quite lost. It became a fashionable galop! Having had our grumble, we can, with great sincerity, give hearty praise to nearly all the rest. The chorus of peasants was spiritedly long, though Mr. Vernon's solo, which runs through a part of it. showed that French comic opera was more to his taste than; German mystic music. The terzetto between Max (Mr Beaumont), Killian (Mr. Vernon), and Caspar (Mr. Templeton was capitally sung. The elegant waits, followed by the air " Thro' the forest," is extremely original, and the "Methinks I see bat," which re-intro- duces the subject in the overture, is full of genius.; They were well sung by Max. The Bacchanalian song of Casper is a singular mixture of cunning and jollity " the eccentric melody mixed with harsh discords, and the succeeding song, which brings the first act to a close is a startling innovation on the recognised - custom of ending with a concerted piece. The second! act introduces Agatha (Miss Elsa May), and Anne; (Mile. Rose Renee). The two ladies in their general style form exactly the contrast Weber intended ; their first duet " Come be gay," was very enjoyable it is a graceful melody, full of tenderness and most appropriate to the spirit of the words. Then the lively Anne warbles her song in Polacca style, difficult to execute, and full of ability in the orchestral accompaniments. Madame Hersee disappeared as she concluded, though the applause must have reached her ears; and Miss Elsa May successfully passed the ordeal which the scene ed Ararat " Softly sighs," undoubtedly is. The recitative is difficult, but the two short airs are singularly beautiful, and eminently distinguished by taste and feeling. The gazette places the two ladies and Max in happy combination. The finale to the second act-the famous incanta- tion ' scene demands so much stage preparation that is representation it becomes an act by itself. The weird, mystic music was admirably supported by the stage horrors, and the terrors of the wolf's glen with its supernatural habitants were manifested with dread significance. In these practical days little heed is paid to ghosts and goblins; but in the mountain regions of Ger- many the legends of " Walpurgis Nacht," and such traditional horror a, are still looked upon with awe. The last act commences with Agatha and Anne robed for the bridal of the former, who is pale and oppressed with sorrow from her terrible dream. Anne comforts her with a family story of horror, which ended in nothing, and the attention of both: is turned to festivities by the entrance of the bridesmaids. We have alluded to the error in the pace at which the chorus was taken-an error made all the more prominent by the excellent rendering of the " Huntsman's Chorus," a German melody appropriated by Weber. This was deservedly encored. The final shot the destruction of Caspar, and the ' triumph and final union of Max and Agatha, bring the opera to a happy termination as regard s the story. We have not spoken much of the magic bullets, for the outline of the story of the " Freeshooter " is generally familiar. The music can- not be judged by a few hearings; and we rejoice that the same attractive opera will be given to-night, and we hope several times more during the season. It is a great treat, and a valuable lesson for musical people, while it possesses endless charms for those who love music as a pleasure, apart from science. The principal characters were most worthily filled, Caspar being the weak member. The continuous applause testified to the satisfaction of the public, and the large attendance was gratifying to all, and exceedingly creditable to the musical tastes of the public. The 'cello and contra-bass were pleasantly prominent, and the violin obligato was fairly well played. 