To-day the Victorian House of Assembly will be formally dissolved, and a Parliament the memory of which will ovor be a blot on the history of that Colony, will como to an end under circumstances that bring vividly before us thn lmuninun of tlio Psalmist, if wo liiav bo allowed to apply to political sinners what is truo of tho violators of the moral law: — "I liavo seen the wicked great in power, and spreading himself like a green bay tree. Yet he passed away, and, lo! ho was not." It was but tho other day that the Berry Administration could com mand implicit respect and obedience. Now, power and tho confidence of tho people aro slipping out of its hands, and the election which will follow to-day's dissolution will probably leave Mr. Beiiry so bankrupt in political character that few will admit sympathy with him, while of his colleagues not one is likely to sustain liiin or prove any support to him in tho hour of difficulty. His prestige has so far borne tlicm up. That departed, they aro more likely to drag Mr. Berry down than to assist in raising him up. Any change of Ministry should bo welcome to Victoria, and wo believe will bo so ; though so groat is tho demoralisation of political opinion consequent on tho career of tho Berry Ministry, that we confess our hopes aro not without gravo fears. Tho public' mind in Victoria has long run wild. Only extreme notions found favour, and evon now, with re turning reason, the most crudo, ill-considered, and inapt remedies are suggested. It is not encouraging when a gontloman of such roputed moderation as is Mr. Service, and one who may ho considered tho coming man, deliberately includes in his political manifesto such a reform of tho Constitution as would, consequent 011 and during a period of political excitement, subject the Uppor House, whoso constitutional position has been considered to bo to protect the Colony against the evils of clamour and agitation, to dissolution simultaneously with that of tho Legislative Assembly. To this revolutionary removal of the safeguards of deliberation and calm judgment ; to this superseding of un fettered reason ; to this coercion of the Council, and its subjection to tho clamour of the mob, Mr. Service has re-aclopted and added tho further departure from constitutional practice known as tho Norwogian System, under which if the two Houses, even after haying been passed through the "mill of popular excitement, still disagree, they shall on that particular question sit together and legislate by counting heads, argument having boon previously exhausted. Only in a Country suffering a recovery from political intoxication could such untliouglit-out propositions bo even received with toleration. Granting that either plan i3 good by itself — and 110 calm onlooker can do so — is it possible to dovetail tho one into tho other ; nnd if the sitting together of the two Houses is justifiable or expedient in cases of ascertained differences of opinion, why not avoid the possibility of such difference by pro viding that the two shall always sit together ? Why maintain the nominal machinery of two Houses ? Why not boldly and at once abrogate the Court of Appeal which under the British Constitution the Upper Chamber has always been considered ? Wo may just as well at once east to the winds tho last vestige of tho British Constitution, and sav that tho Colonies whoso birth is but of yestorday have more knowledge run than lias the Mother Country, whoso Con- of the true lines in which government should stitution spreads back into far antiquity, and has since grown with the growth of tho nation, and been developed with the development of the people, without the deadlocks and constitutional disagreements which are clironic in tho Colonies, but which are to bo traced not so much to flaws in tho Constitutions as to the egotism, solf- willedness, and uneoneilatory conduct of those administering tho respective Constitutions. The fault is in the working of the system, not in tho system itself, and for this Governors, as well as Ministers, have been to blame. The popular will has led Governors to depart from constitu tional practice, and to countenance dangerous innovation ; and instead of attempting to cheek such an evil, Victoria is to legalise it, and to subject tho Council, of necessity, to sueli des troying influences as the Darlings and Bowens recognised with a view of serving their own purposes. The prospect is not a cheering one for Vic toria, and should make us Tasmanians thankful that wo enjoy a more clastic Constitution ; one that has successfully borne all tho strains which they who believe all power should rest in the Assembly have striven in vain to bring about. The duration of a seat in the Council, which both sides in Victoria seem to consider the correct thing, has long been tho law hero ; and wo think that Colony might take example from us in that much maligned approach to co-equal jurisdiction which our wordy patriots so much rail at. Co-equal jurisdiction we havo not. Tho initiative in money matters is alone with the Assembly. The Council may reduce or reject a vote, but cannot introduce it, nor increaso it by a farthing. Otherwise the Council's powers are equal with those of the Assembly ; and what is the working ? In Tas mania, if an objectionable item is inserted in an Appropriation Bill, Public Works Bill, or any other money Bill, tho Council is not reduced to tho alternative of either sanctioning a vote which is repugnant to its every sense of pro priety, or of rejecting all which it otherwise approves, because in one matter a job, or other improper purposo is by Ministers sought to bo served. If, for instanco, the groat canal bubblo scheme of Victoria and a railway of which all admit tho necessity were included in one RS11 flin v<ii1t«nv wnnl/t vim ornvv vlalr of being rejected. Under our Consti tution tho Council could reject tho canal expenditure, and pass into law the clauses for tho construction of tho railway. Instead of attempting so moderato and practical a Constitu tion, tho public mind has boon worked up in Victoria till revolution in one shape or another is the alternative, and dispassionate onlookers aro disposed to question whether in the proposal of the leader of the Constitutional party moderate men are not prevented from, that cordial support which would bo accorded wero a simple con demnation of the Berry Bill tho issue. It is different when that condemnation has to be accompanied with an approval of Mr. Service's proposed Reform Bill. Mr. Service, in laying down tho Opposition platform, thus fairly summarises tho proposals of Mr. Berry which failed to receive the statutory sanction of tlio Assembly, and which is, therefore, now to be submitted to the decision of tho people : — "1. The abolition of that pro vision in our Constitution Act which precludes the possibility of public moneys being expended except under tho authority of ail Act of Par liament, and tho substitution for that provision of a power for a majority in tho Assembly — that is, in effect, the Ministry of the day— to spend these moneys in any way they please, without the check which in England, and in other English Colonies, is supplied by the second Chamber. 2. The abolition of the Legislative Council as an elective body, nnd tho substitution of a nominee Council, one-fifth part of which is to be appointed every year by the -Ministry of 'the day. 3. Tlio introduction of the plebiscite as a means of settling, questions of general legis lation on which tlio two Houses have, for a certain period, failed to agree— all votes of money and money Bills being excluded from its operation." These principles are repugnant to British ideas of constitutional government, and could only havo found a sponsor in a Minister driven to extremes to retrieve a power ho finds slipping from his hands. The choice offered to the people of Victoria Mr. Service thus enun ciates : — " 1. To accept as a basis for reform the Bill passed by tho Legislative Council, which provided for reducing the size of tho pro- vtnnne nnrl iiKM'nffai'nrf f.lioti nitmlini varlnoinn ' 4.«V.V»W»..0 f the qualification of electors ; reducing tlio qualification of Mombers ; reducing the tenure of oflieo from ten years to six. 2. To provide for tlio dissolution of both Houses in tho event of a continuing disagreement be tween them on any measure. 3. To provide that if in the new Parliament the two Houses should still disagree, the question should bo settled by a joint vote of both Houses sitting together." These, ho declared, aro tho alterna tive proposals of the Opposition. We know that just now it is tho fashion in dealing with Consti tutional matters 'in these Colonies, to hold that whatever is, i3 wrong. But we feel assured that thore are few in Tasmania who would quit our present landmarks for tlio boundless ocean of difficulty and despair on which Victoria too suroly seems about to vonturo. Government House. — We have been requested to state that Mrs. AVeld's next reception will be held on Wednesday, the 25tli instant. Angling. — His Excellency the Governor returned on Saturday from a fishing trip to New Norfolk. His Excellency brought with him two lino trout, weighing respectively Gib. and 51b. City Council. — The following is the business for consideration at tho meeting _ this afternoon ; reports from tho various committees as follows, viz. : — Public Works : On petition for repairs to foot path, from the corner of Prineess-street, in Melville- street, to Molle-street, and down Molle-street ; on application of H. Jeffrey, for permission to erect a signboard in Collins-street. We trust the Council will not separate without having shown their interest in the matter of water supply. Tho abominable state of the creek, and also of what is known as the Corporation wharf, now Bilted up and sonding out, at low water, an intolerable stench, present subjects that must also force themselves on the attention of the Council. Why not, without attempting a steam dredge, have one which could be constructed for less than £100, capablo of keep ing the wharf and the mouth of the creek freofrom lilting ? City Police Court.— Mr. Geo. CriBp, J.P., pro- sided at this Court on Saturday morning. John DickenB was charged by C. D. C. Quodling with stealing a shovel, valued at 5a., the property of William Moore, of New Town. A remand was granted till Tuesday, 10th Februaiy, Mr. John Perkins.— On Friday evening Mr. John Perkins xras presented with an illuminated address, signed by his late assistants, expressing regret at hi3 leaving, and acknowledging tho very generous treatment invariably accorded them. _ A very valuable diamond ring nnd an album containing tho photos of the subscribers was also presented as a souvenir of their connection. The address was engraved by Mr. W. O. Russell. Mr. Perkins and family left for Melbourne by the Tamar on Saturday, and he carries with him many a wish for his future happiness and prosperity, not a few of liis old friends consoling themselves with the hope that after wandering for a time among other lauds, he is sure to return to Tasmania, where I10 was so much esteemed. The Rev. Robert Wilson. — Amongst the pas sengers by the s.s. Tamar on Saturday was a colonist of more than 3G years' standing, one who has spent the best years of his life in the service of the Church of England in this colony — the Rev. Robert Wilson, who until the first day of tho present year has from tho day when ho landed on our shores been an earnest servant of the Church he represented amongst us. Mr. Wilson was, when quite a young man appointed by Lord Stanley, Secretary of State for tho Colonics, a3 chaplain to the Convict Department, on the nomination of tho late Bishop ef Tasmania, on the2rid December, 1842. He arrived in tho colony on the lGth August, 1S43, and was appointed to the Hobart Town chaplaincy, which he retained until 1S4G. In that year ho was transferred to Bothwell, where he remained till 1650' Hethen went to Brum Island1 holding a'si the assistant curacy of St. David's Cathedral, until 1S54. For a short time in the latter year he was locum icneiis of Holy Trinity, Hobart Town, and on the expiration of that servico was appointed chaplain of Clarence Plains, an office he held until last year, when he was obliged from ill health to tender his resignation to tlio Government through the Bishop. During his wlioic career in the colony, Mr. Wilson has never been absent from it, nor, with the exception of a few days' sickness, has he been absent from duty during the same period. Mr. Wilson's resignation was accepted by the Go- vemment, and the full pension of £200 allowed by the State-Aid Commutation Act was granted to him. At the close of his incnmbcncy Bishop Bromby bore testimony that during his episcopate. Mr. Wilson had fnllilled his duties with diligence and assiduity, considering the feebleness of his health, wliioh rendered it almost impossible.tlmt lie could minister to the distant portions of the large area over which he had charge. Mr. Wilson is now proceeding to England by the s.s. Kent, to revisit the scenes of his youth, and ho will be followed by the good wishes of the many friends he has made, not only in Ills own district, but in nil parts of the colony. Mr. Wilson was no extremist in views, but his parishioners ever found in him a faithful pastor and a generous friend. By the poor in his district ho will be much missed, and his name will long be a household word all through the Cambridge district. We join in wishing him a safe voyage home, and a happy re-union and long residence with those from whom he lias boon so long separated, whilst labouring for the Church in this colony. The Comet. — This phenomenon, to which atten tion was directed by a Northern contemporary some days since, was distinctly visible from Hobart Town and its environs on Saturday and Sunday evenings. The comet made its appearanco im mediately above Mount Wellington at about 8 o'clock and was observed for upwards of an hour each evening. Tho celestial visitant consisted of a long luminous streak, without any " star." It is said that tlio cloudy state of the heavens has prevented tlio. comet from -being observed earlier. Thursday's Argus says : — " Owing to the presence of - clouds and a hazy sky no continuous observation of the comot could be made at the Observatory last night. The best view of tho visitor was obtained at 25 minutes to 9 p.m., when it extended 32dcg. above the horizon. Occasionally the sky cleared so that a view could bo obtained nearly down to the horizon, but the nucleus of the comet was not visible. The tail had slightly diminished in bright ness from tho previous evening, and was rather less curved. It appeared to be almost perpendicular to the horizon, auil had moved slightly to the northward. Its length had considerably increased since Tuesday evening. Until tho nucleus litis been observed no knowledge can bo obtained as to the direction in which the comot is travelling, or its actual position in the heavens. It will probably bo two or three weeks boforo any definite information on these points can bo obtained. Tho visits of eoinets have now become so frequent that they have ceased to attract much attention from the public, who only take interest in the 111 when they appear largo and bright. Tho present visitor may grow into a con spicuous object. It already lias a tail of very respectable length, hut until it gets a littlo more removed from tho sun, it ivill uot have a fair chauce to shine at all brightly. The idea that comets have sufficient density to bo able to do auy injury to the earth, or even much smaller planetary bodies, has mug ueeu expioueu. in one uartc ages people supposed that it was through the agency- of a comet that tho earth would one day be set 011 fire. ; but they have had opportunities to perforin mischief of tiiat sort in their journeys through tho solar system, and astronomers havo reported that thoy havo uot as yet done any." The Earthquake.— Mr. Richard Barker, of Rosegarland, writes: — "As there appears some doubt with regard to an earthquake having pre viously takeu placo in Tasmania, I beg to inform you that I have a perfect recollection of a shock being distinctly felt by mo and all the members of my family, who were then living, at Maequarie Plains. It occurred (if I mistake not) in IS23, and so far as my memory serves me, I think that it was felt in most parts of the island. It has often liecn spoken of since by mysolf, my brothers, and relatives who were residing here at the time. The shock lasted for about 15 seconds, and was very similar to the one just experienced, shaking our , houses and ovon stopping tho clocks. " Funeral of Sub-Inspector McConnell. — The remains of tho late Sub-Iuspector McConnell, of of the Municipal Police Force, were interred yester day afternoon at Cornelian Bay Cemetery. The funeral cortege was an imposing one. There was a special parade of tho Police Force at tho Barracks, Bathurst-street, under the command of Sergeant Rollings. The muster includedallwhocouldhespared from duty. Tho men were marched to the house of the deceased, aud accompanied the procession to the cemetery on foot, : marching ' two' deep. The Mayor, representing the police committee, aud the Superintendent of the Force,; Mr. Pedder, also fol lowed the body in His Worship's carringe. The funeral service was read/.by the Rev. M. J. Beeehinor. After the ceremony tho men of the force wero provided with cabs for tho return journey, by the kindness of the Mayor. Glenorciiy Municipal Council. — The monthly meeting of this Council was held on Saturday after noon, when the Warden (Mr. Murray) and all tho members, except Councillor Shoobridge, were pre sent. The salary abstract amounted to £59 Gs, Sd. The desirability of having grappling irons available at different parts of the river in the district was brought uudor notice, and it was unanimously re solved that the Warden bo requested to communi cate with tho Government and urgo them to supply sets of grappling irons for Risdon and Austin's Ferries. The Bubjeet of calling, a publio meeting relative to the distress iu Ireland was also discussed) and it was decided that inasmuch as subscription lists had been distributed by the Central Committee generally throughout the district, and that collec tions in- aid ot the distress ' fund were to he made : in the various districts, that it would not he necessary to take any other steps. The police duty return was laid .upon the table. Councillor Dickenson brought forward a motion in favour of increasing the salary of tho Council Clerk, who, he ; stated, had faithfully > per formed tho duties of his office for a number of years and the councillor urged that the increase should be granted as the work of the Council Clerk had increased, : The motion was seconded by Coun cillor Cowle, nnd after some discussion, further con sideration of tho subject was deferred until next meeting. Tho ' Warden stated that tho balanoo- sheet ef the Council would ho ready in tho course of a fow days, and also the assessment roll for re: vision, 'and it was resolved that a special meeting of the Council ho called, for the consideration of those nnd other subjects, at 9 o'olock on Thursday morning. Torturing a Dog. — At tho Burnie Police Court on Monday last, boforo Mr. A. B. Willis, S.M., and Mr. A...T. Mayson, J.P., Georgo Wilson was charged, on an information laid, by C. D. C. Berrcs- ford, with oruelly beating, ill-trontiug, and tortur ing a black dog at Emu Bay oh tlio 31st January. Thomas Hcarps deposed that on that day lie saw defendant dragging n dog by a string round the animal's neck towards tho wharf. He threw tho dog down and kicked it in the head, and after dragging it a littlo further kicked it again. He then left tho dog on tho grouud choking from the dragged some SO yards, and: seemed to ho looking for something to drown it. Wituoss told him either to drown the" dog or kill it quickly, or ho would give information to the police ; but- defendant said tho dog was his, and lie would do what he liked with it. Witness then gave information to the poiico. Ho saw tlio dog about half an hour afterwards coming out of the water iu a very exhausted state. In reply to the Bench, the witness said defendant kicked tho dog savagely tho first time. It howled a little, but was so nearly choked that it could uot howl much. This evidence was corroborated . by John AYard, another oye-witnoss. Tho Bonch in flicted a lino of £5, in default, throe months' imprisonment. Indisposition. — A man named Henry BeDgor- man'was taken by tho poiico to tho General Hos pital on Saturday afternoon. He wal found lying on tho ground in Morrison-streot. The Hospital Surgeon fouud that tho fit rosultod from vertigo, and retained him in tho institution for treatment. Irish Famine Relief Fund.— Tho TroaBuror of this fund auuouncos tho names of sovoral churches in the country iu which collcotiouB will ho made ou tho loth and 22ud inst. I The Launoeston Races.— Tho summer meeting of the Tasmonian Turf Club begins at Launoeston to morrow. A largo number of Bporting men arrived by the Flinders on Saturday, and -also the following horses Avornus, Yardley, Meg Morriles, Ursula, Carlisle,' Renown, Pyrrhus, Monarque, and Viceroy,1 The two first war brought on to Hobart Town, - Theatre Royal. — Tho programme of thoprovious evening was (repeated at the Thcatro Royal on Satur day night, hut not with the samo amount of success. Whether tho thinner condition of tho house was the cause of this wo caunot say, but certainty tho pieces fell very flatly in every respect. The audience was a very good one for " the bad night," tho usual sparse attendance being swelled by a number of the members of the mechanical staff of this office, who were invited by the management. Still the atmosphere was cool at the rising of the curtain, and cooler and cooler grew the air, until at lost the total absence of that electrical sympathy between stago and auditorium, which, combined make what is known as dramatic triumph, ended in about as barren a result as wo have ever seen, and, we think we may add, mutual dissatisfaction. It is said that the disposition of an audience is felt immediately in a subtle and indescribable fashion by every actor and aotreB3 upon the stage. This dis position is, under the most favourable conditions, as likely to be antagonistic as encouraging — for good reasons, for bad reasons, or for none at all. When the actors feel it to be contrary to them they lose heart in spite of themselves. Whether this was tho reason of Saturday night's Jiaseo we cannot say — tho fact confronts us, nnd even if we would, we cannot aecountiorit.Boxan/lCoxMfowredLomloii Assurance, Mr. Clifford, of H. M.S. AYolverene, again appear- ing as Cox, tho hatter, with credit to himself. Mr. Letts, of the same vessel, also sang two songs, with great success, though the accompaniment was enough to nonplus a professional. To-night the Irish drama, The Shaughran, will be produced, and as great pains have, we understand, been taken in its preparation, it ought to prove a good draw. Miss Augusta Daroon.— 1 The advance agent of this lady, Mr. Charles MoMahon (a brother of Mrs. Snnfi.fiiflflfirn' nr»pnf.\ Ja nnw in TTrvUo ». Tnn»n fun the purpose of making arrangements for Miss Dargon's appearance here in a few days. Yacht Race. — The third heat for tho Ladies' Cup was sailed on Saturday afternoon. The weather was most favourable, and a large number of spectators collected at the Castray Esplanade, from which place the race was started. The entries Were : — Madge, 8 tons ; Alert, 5 tons ; Haidee, 7 tons ; and Neva, 7 tons. Time allowance as fol lows : — Madge allowed Neva and Haidee, lmin. 36scc. ; and Alert, omin, 12sec, ; Neva and Haidee allowed Alert 3min. 36sec. In consequence of the wind being N.E. it was impossiblo to securo a good start, the boats having to take an irregular order. The Haidee led away, being followed by Nova as second, aud Alert third. In rounding the Sandy Bay buoy a very doubtful foul occurred between the Neva and tho Haidee, in consequence of which the Alert was thrown considerably out of her course, while the Madge took the advantage of tho accident, and rounded the buoy first, before the others could get into sailing ordor again. The Haidee followed the Madge iu rounding tho buoy, the Alert being aecond, and Nova out of the race entirely. The Alert and Haidee changed places off the Bluff, making tho order in rounding the Goverment House buoy, Madgo first, Alert second, and Haidee third. In going down to tho Sandy Bay buoy for tho second time, tho Haidee passed the Alert off tho Butts, making the position in rounding the buoy, Madgo first, Haideo second, and Alort third. This position was pre served until after rounding the buoy off Government House,, when tho Alert again passed the Haidee off the inau-o'-war. In passing tho line Marlge was first, Alert aecond, and Haidee third. According to time allowance, the Alert won tho race. The Alert was sailed by F. Yeoland, Madgo by veteran L. Jones, and the Haidee by Shaw. Catholic Bazaar.— Tlio bazaar in aid of the building fund of the Church of the Sacred Heart, Now Town, was continued on Saturday evening, at St. Joseph's schoolroom, Macquario-streot. The attendance of purchasers was moderate, and the usual business in raffling was satisfactory. The total reeoipta of tho evomng wore £20, making tho receipts from the bazaar altogether £533, which is considered most satisfactory. Including the amount gathered at the opening of the Church of the Sacred Heart, the sum of £S75 lias been collected. Exchange or Hats. — A correspondent writes us a woeful tale concerning a practice that provails among, certain of the visitors to tho Publio Library, of using that' institution, not only as a placo for mental recreation, and a spot where thoy may furnish the interior of their heads with mental pabulum, but also of providing themselves with now covering for the exteriors of tlio same part of their bodies at an equally cheap rate. Quito » long list is giveu of such casualties, of which the following is but a specimen : — "It is not long since (says our cori-espoiidcut)a gonllemau visitor lefthis hat (a very nice hard fet hat) on tho pegs when he went in, and coming out, found it had taken to it wings and left its ghost behind it, in the shape of a very old worn out hat." Wo don't, of course, believe the wings ami ghost part of the story, thougli we sympathise with tho sufferer, rejoicing, uuwevcr, wiui. no yum uau conteiumcnc enougu left to joko about it afterwards. But then it wasn't his own hat. The practice is, if inten tionally done, a mean one. If it is a constant' one tho porpotrators must be numerous, ouo would think, as a single individual would becomo per fectly plethoric ill condition, so far as hats were concerned, if ho ran the business alone. For our selves wo must say that when we go to the library with a good hat and silk umbrella in sound condi tion, wo — well, wo don't hang the hat up aud put the umbrella in the- stand, aud then sittiug down with our backs to our cherished nnd expensive property, become so absorbed iu literature that we forget inoro mundane things. Times are not good enough, and other people equally absorbed iu literature might, in leaving the room, mistake our property for their own worn out head gear and a twopenny switch. Mental absorption is sometimes so profound. Wo advise our correspondent to look after his own hat, etc. He might also see the sooretnry about other remedies, if they would he likely in his opinion to have any good effoot in the futuro, Mr. Charles Meredith. — The Examiner says that there is an improvement in the Btato of this gentlemen's health, and that on Friday evening he was a little better. Death of a Valuable Horse. — Thursday's Argus says: — "That well-known sportsmau, Mr. J. White, sustained a heavy loss yesterday by the doath of his fine- filly Palmyra, 2 yrs., by Maribyr- nong, from Fawn; The style in which this filly won tlio Maribyrnoug Plato will be fresh in the mmds of our readers. While at work on tho train ing ground yesterday Bbe is supposed to havo over reached, and in the efforts to save herself she broke her back. Palmyra was a very beautifully-shaped filly, and came of a good family, being full sister to Richmond,- though strange to say she is the only filly of the family that ha8 distinguished herself." : Victorian Items. — Mining at Ballarat is looking up, and according to the Star the paco is pretty fastat the Corner now. Tho claims alongthe Sobnstopol plateau aro roviving. — The Age says the Melntyro- Forgusson fracas "is the natural outcome of that steady system of brutal badgering which has con stituted tho whole tactics of the Opposition from first to last /throughout the session. The Argus blames the Government, by whose tactics "men havo been maddened," while "tho terms used by the wilder spirits of theOpposition aro only to bo ex cused by the deliberately worked up agitation. — The New South Wales Government aro opposing tho efforts being made by Victoria to get a uniform rato of 6d. for letters and a Id. rate for newspapers via Brindisi, because they fear it would interfere with their Califoruian mail contract. — Tho now banking contract between tho Government and the associated banks has been signed by the Treasurer and tho re presentatives of the ten contracting banks. — Two locomotive engines for tho Victorian Railways have just beop imported from America at a cost of AimiUV/V Uauilt Alio lllttlvui its DltlUlYlU) Ul A 11 llil dolphia. Mr. Woods oxplains that I10 lias merely imported thom as pattern engines. — Some interest ing experiments wore made last weak with an im proved telephone, which has been fitted up by Mr. J. E. Edwards, between the Public Works cilices and tho General Post-office. It is estimated that, with the apparatus, messages can be sent through a hundred miles of wire and be heard as loudly and distinctly as they oould through a 40ft. spcakiug tube. — Tho new Laud Aet Amondment Bill is to permit all selectors under tho Act of 1SG9 to come under tho provisions of tho amending Act of last year, aud pay Is. par acre for 20 years, instead of 2s. per acre for 10 years. — In tho Assombly on Wednes day, the division in committee on the bill to repeal tho Act preventing mombers of Parliament accept ing offices of profit under tho Crowu uutil thoy have been six months out of tho Legislature, was equal, and the Chairman gave his casting vote with tlio ayes, in ordor to allow further consideration. — Tho new oleotoral rolls show tlut the number of rate payers qualified to vote has increased from 154,024 in 1S7S-9 to 160,443 this year, while the number ou the general roll has incroasod in tho saino time from 27,509 to 39,135. — Captain Stubbs, staff officer of the local forces, is deAii. 