SUNDAY-CLOSING. To the quiet, not to say the cynical, observer of passing events the agitation which is at present raging on the Sundayclosing question is intensely amusing. It will not, we presume, in any degree affect the settlement of the question. No doubt most members of Parliament have made up their minds how they will vote, and there is very little in what has been advanced as yet by either Bide which is likely to weigh, or at any rate ought to be allowed to weigh, in the settlement of the matter. The amount of ingenuity which has been shown in evading the real issues to be decided is quite astonishing. One of the first questions is whether this is a subject upon which the members of Parliament may be trusted to exercise their real responsibility as representatives. We certainly think it is, and hence there appears to us to be a vast waste of power, as well as not a little indecency, in the prodigious efforts which are being made to overawe the .great national tribunal. Even if we admit that the subject is one upon which the members should become mere delegates, mere recorders of the opinions of those who, because they can make the greatest noise and indulge in the most unlimited vilification of their opponents, fancy they are in a majority, still we doubt the real utility of the present agitation. Of what use are petitions ; that is to say, what fact can they be supposed to establish 1 Certainly they lead to no safe conclusion as to the opinion of the majority. If it is really thought that Parliament cannot be trusted to Bettle the matter, why do not both sides agree upon a plebiscite—the ordinary electoral machinery being employed for the purpose. We do not. advocate such a course, for the simplei reason that we believe it to be far better to leave all such questions to the judgment and intelligence .of Parliament. If Parliament is not fit to deal with this matter it is the fault of the electors for returning incompetent members, and they should be prepared to take the consequences of their own choice. We admit that the teetotallers have two substantial reasons for the action they have taken, and reasons to which the other side can lay no claim. The first is that they have none of their own body in the House, and the next is that the Government measure alters the existing law. Even supposing the teetotallers and those who are co- operating with them do not constitute a tenth part of the population, which is certainly not the case, they still have a right to their views and to make them knowc, and to use all legitimate means for bringing others to their own way of thinking. Then, too, as the proposal is that the existing law should be altered they have a right to ask that good cause should be shown for e making the change. This issue is very simple, and it is one which one would have thought their opponents would eagerly have seized. So far as we can judge, however, from the debates in the Assembly and the talk at public meetings, it has been most studiously avoided. All the old worn-out pLraaes and ideas have been brought out afresh. The afflicted working man who always does duty on such occasions, the liberty of the subject, the bad quality of colonial beer, which renders it impossible to keep it from 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon to 8 or 9 o'clock on Sunday evening, Sabbatarianism and the ghosts of all the defunct nonsense of past ages are brought forward with an amount of energy and enthusiasm which is quite refreshing. Instead of this, the simplest plan would have been to show, by facts, figures, and arguments, that the operation of the existing law is unjust, and that it causes great inconvenience without bringing any corresponding advantages. So : far from adopting this very natural and obvious course, those who oppose the law SB it now stands, on the ground that it is too restrictive, have, both in Parliament and out of it, indulged in an exuberance of rant and cant which is more creditable to their rhetorical than to their reasoning powers. It never seems to have occurred to the eloquent orators at the Town Hall on Wednesday last that their arguments told with as much force against their own view as against that which they were condemning in such strong language. Thus we may take the argument sapiently advanced by one speaker, with whom logic is evidently not a strong point. Mr. Townsend said " he would start with the argument that it was extremely undesirable for the Leg-iniriUir-!—as was the case with Nock'f. Act — i.e- n-akc that which was a perfectly ie^iti'imie v.'/iou in itself a crime bi legislation X -v, this is simply meaningless non^uro. W« suppose it is quite as "le^n Lt-.u^e' tu land goods at Port Adelaide as at Foi-r Darwin without paying Cuslcn a diiiy ; but the Legislature makes it a crimf. hi t-iiu one place to do so, while it is n-.imuv u> the other. We need not, however, gy outside of the licensing question to show the utter claptrap of this so-called argument. Is it less "legitimate" to get beer at a public-houEe at 1L30 p.m. titan it is at 11 p.m. ? Yet the law makes the one a crime, while the other is an innocent action. Nay, we need not go outside of the Sunday question. As we understand the case, those who were at the Town Hall want to have, in addition to the present hours for opening on Sundays, two hours in the evening—that is to say, from 1 to 3 and from 8 to 10\. Now, is there anything less " legitimate" in an osdinary person getting beer on Sundays at half-past 3 or at half-past 7 than at 2 or 9 o'clock? Yet Mr. Townsend himself would make the one a crime and the other an innocent action. •Similarly, it is said that what is called Ifock's Act has done mischief because it tends to lying and evasion. Is not that just as true of the other provisions of the licensing laws ? Do no publicans under any circumstances, and without having a peimit, supply liquor after 11 at night? As a matter of fact many of the infringements of Nock's Act take place at hours which were illegal before the Act was passed, and which will still be illegal even if the views of those who spoke at the Town Hall prevail. Equally illogical is the balderdash talked about the liberty of the subject. Is it not just as much an infringement of the liberty of the subject to say you shall not get beer at a public-house at 4 o'clock on Sunday afternoon as it is to say you Bhall not get it at 9 o'clock in the evening of the same day i The truth is, those who use these arguments are either talking hypocritical cant, or else, as is more probable, they have no true idea of what is meant by civil liberty. If we turn to the kind of argument used by Mr. Fraser, we find the same meaningless intemperance of language. He has seen scores of Matthew Burnett's followers speechlessly drunk in public-houseB. Well, suppose he has— what then ? It merely shows that some publicans break the law; that there are law-breaking publicans as well as hypocritical teetotallers, which, we suppose, no one ever doubted; and that Mr. Fraser has a special faculty for getting into the society of speechlessly drunk red-ribbon men. Tastes admittedly differ. We do not quarrel with the hon. gentleman for following his own tastes, even though, to our thinking, they are somewhat peculiar. But what has all this sort of talk to do with the Sunday question ? The present law allows public-houses to open from 1 to 3 on Sunday; the Bill proposes to add another hour, from 8 to 9 in the evening ; Mr. Fraser and others, we believe, would add yet another hour ; and the teetotallers would close all day on Sunday. If the Sabbatarian element enters into one of these views it enters into alL If one is an infringement of the liberty of the subject, all are. The truth is, the entire question is one of expediency. The whole of our licensing system is confessedly an artificial expedient for keeping a particular kind of traffic under control. The problem is to adopt that view which affords the best safeguards to the peace of the community, while trenching as little as possible upon the convenience and even the prejudices of individuals. It is a practical question, and we think Parliament may be left to settle it. At any rate, they will derive no help from the specious arguments used by intemperate advocates on the one side or the other. THE ADELAIDB EXCHAHGE.—There was a large muster of merchants, brokers, and business men generally in the Adelaide Exchange on Monday morning, August 2, to witness the operation of the telephone system of communication which has just been established between that business institution and Port Adelaide. A room has been very neatly fitted up in the Exchange with telephones, under the direction of Mr. C. Todd, G.M.G., Superintendent of Telegraphs, and it is anticipated that not only will business men be able to communicate verbal instructions or trade secrets to their Port or Adelaide offices, but they will in time have the wires extended to other business centres, and even to their own houses, so as to permit of speedy transmission of important orders. At present the telephonic facilities are confined to one wire between the Adelaide Exchange and the Port Adelaide Telegraph Office, but even this is recognised as a great convenience, because Exchange subscribers can notify to the Post- Office their desire to speak with any person, and arrangements will be made for them to interchange information in complete privacy at each end of the lice. At 12 o'clock on Monday the Exchange was put in connection with the Por Telegraph Offioe under Mr. Todd's supervision, and several messages by telephone were sent or received. The instruments used were the ordinary Bell telephone, a Gower telephone, and the Edison transmitter. A Bees transmitter was also used with marked effect. The experiments in speaking^ Port Adelaide were very satisfactory, some of the verbal messages being remarkably distinct. It is understood that a telephone- room will be fitted up in the Port Adelaide Telegraph Office to enable business men to exchange their messages with greater convenience. Before the telephone was set to work Mr. Todd made a few words of explanation to the crowd of gentlemen assembled in the large room of the Exchange. He said that only experiments would be tried that day, and the instrument would not be in full operation for business purposes until all arrangements were completed. He thought that the telephone would ere long supersede the ordinary telegraph to a great extent—at least as far as short distances were concerned—because it would enable commercial men to communicate their instructions to their agents in secret, and in less time ^perhaps than by telegram under certain circumstances. At present only one wire was avail able-for the telephone from the Exchange to Port Adelaide; but before long the Government would probably allow persons to have private lines connecting their business or dwelling houses. Take, for instance, a large well-known firm like Elder, Smith, & Co. They could cany a private wire to the Exchange, and from their commercial bouse at the Port to the telephone office 'there, by which means they could interchange information with ease. It; was only necessary to attract attention at the terminus by. ringing & bell and connection would be made at once right through from one office to the other. The telephone offered a wide field of usefulness. Doctors would find it exceedingly convenient to have a telephone attached to their houses and connected with the General Telegraph Office, so that they might have timely information from places like Glenelg, for instance, or the Port, puttirg the doctors on the alert, or enabling -them to hold consultations at a distance. He hoped in time that telephone communication would be established not only between Adelaide and the Port, but the Semaphore, Glenelg, and more distant localities. Mr. Todd then gave frequenters of the Exchange an opportunity of speaking Port Adelaide., and the results were declared to be very satisfactory indeed. The occasion of so many business men being assembled in the Exchange was turned to account to fix a 'change time, aud, on the motiou of the Hon. W. Morgan, it was resolved that " 'change hour" should be from 12.30 to 1 o'clock on each ef five days in the week. CHAJSBKB OF MAKCFACTUBES.—The first meeting of the new committee of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on Monday, August 2\. There were present Messrs. S. Davenport-, James Duncan, W. W. Forwood, A. Dowie, W,. F. Gray, H. Jones, T. Maodonald, D. Gall, T. Hardy, and J. F. Oonigrave (Secretary). The Secretary reported that at the annual meeting the following new members of the committee were elected, viz.:—Messrs. A. Dowie, J. J. Green, and H. Jones. Mr. Samuel Davenport and Mr. James Duncan were re-elected President and "Vice- President respectively. AB apology for unavoidable absence was received from Mr. Mellor. Mr. Saul Solomon was admitted a member of the Chamber. The following committees were appointed for the year:— Finance—Messrs. Dowie, Bhodes, and Green. Library and Furnishing—Messrs. Macdonald, Gall, and Jones. Lecture and Entertainment— Same as library and furnishing. Works—Messrs. Ferwood, Gray, Mellor, and Jones. Exhibition— Messrs. Mellor, Dobbie, Dowie, Maodonald, Forwood, Jones, and-Gall. It was resolved that the committee meet on the first Monday in the month at half-past 3 o'clock, and that post-oards be forwarded to manufacturers, reqn^ii'g them to send in factory returns. September 1 was fixed as the latest date for re<vivin-j entries for the Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition. Some communications were r^-.^ivtd wit-i reference t-o establishing popular cooking rlasees in the city, and a sub- committee, consisting; of Messrs. Duncan, Maodonald, and Gray, appointed to further consider and deal with the matter. 