— - r-r-i »if:r! — nh-h;'t \ | CASTEB-RHr. ! ' (FBOK OUB O»>- JO0EnESPOKDEKT. . _ August 26 -We nad a «ilethors. rf sbmewhat reflectimi, tbata oonsiderableqwtiW'atbe ssrcniatii niediam U expeDded IbSdn, mi as far as Gasterloii .is oonorrned, jroes .to swell the great sinking fond, irat of wbMi no "3iTidesids are to be obtained. lieutenant Rose on Bator- day last was but poody -patrimiaed, althoogh" ta.lfFFiHWtfliTW JWt-W %.JWV «»oa tf home respects exceeded in cleveriieBs; the decep tive inanipulatioiis of the average professional -prestidigitator — (beautiful words). . On Monday last " Professor Pqyier -appeared, -tiie Professor is an eminently modest man. be only mentioned OnadehtailBOwbad agsib abontUKtimes tbe nontionef dmiwrtance bebbLtbelihiethmc, iondon, heelspOnfonmed bis andiKthat be bad been-appreqated in .lhe . Jughert; mrclea, tbmi HerOnuStraa 3ta jeafy beref, with far own rpyajbandslid JforwirdS Sm, ln ippre-! and as the "Pnffrtsdr'VenimkBd 'li tselrfjjrtyd Xneihod ' of-; ' iscogiurfiw the ftarts of boentiSeinaC' lng to have aacertained, -at which of the aristdciatic .Loudon banking houses Her Majesty's private account is kept— Drummond's Coutt's, orCox and Co. '8. Of course I doot sup-' pose the cheque was ever cashed ; the autograph would have been of more value than the money, but >erbaps the cheque was signed by Her Majesty's Private Secretary, or the Comptroller or the Household, or the Grand Stick in wait ing, and then the case would be different ; any- how I suppose there would be little danger of the document being returned to the Professor marked "N.S.F." or "No Account,'' or any other of those significant abbreviations so well known and so little appreciated by the worldly wise of a commercial community. To resume, the Professor had a good. attendance, and was listened to with marked attention ; albeit those' with whom I have since conversed on tbe subject confess to a feeling of disappointment at the lecture, and the general opinion seems to,- be that it contained " too milch magic lantern " and too little of scientific information, but the lecture as a whole was of a -superior have hud til e ptirilege of listen- The recent, .hire election, held -on the I2th inst., will, I hope, in future be known as tbe time at which an improvement in the mode of conducting shire elections commenced, for as fax- as I know neither of the candidates solicited, directly -or indirectly, the votes of the electors, and both aspirants for the honor of a seat at the council table vied with each other in exhibiting tbe utmost good feeling throughout the Contest. Whilst on this subject I think that the shire council at jit feat meeting after the elections would only have done' a simple act of justice had it recognised in some way the ser vices rendered by the late president, Mr. John M'Intyre, who was, without doubt, an untiring and conscientioas representative ; and the very narrow majority by which be was defeated at the last election proves that, if be offers Ms services again,. the recent verdict, may be re voked. On the .last occasion many of Mr. Win tyre's friends were disfranchised through their tardinessin paying their rates. \- The annual masting of the' Gasterton Horti cultural Society was held on Saturday last at Grant's Hotel, when . Mr. Geo. Cannidiael was re-elected president, Dr. Chas. Smith and Mr. J. B. Pearson vice-presidents. The date of the show was fixed for the 13th Novciaber, and it whs intimated that -various special prizes wonid be offered "for competition. The meeting was adjourned nntil the 28th inst., when the pro gramme will be drawn out and minor particulars arranged. The Sons of Temperance of division No. CO held their eleventh anniversary on Tuesday last, and commemorated the occasion by consulting the various tastes of the members and providing a supper, a lecture, and a ball. ' The first part of the programme does not call for a long description. The fare provided was good and ample, «nd-the-attendsnoe «U that could be desired, and I hardly need remark was done full jnstiae to (both fare and attendance! ; good ap petites attend on temperance, as effect on cause. The stage of. the . Hechauics'-hall was improvised as " supper room, and the wall dividing tbe temporary refection room was tastefully arranged with scenic appliances, and if one's thoughts soared above poultry or confectionery, he had but to gaze on one part of the wslf, and it was an easy matter to trans port his -thoughts .to some strange land where trees fearfully and wonderfully ' grown bad arrived at their monstrous maturity. Again, if one took a gloomy or despondent view of society in general, and the all too prevalent predilection for alcoholic stimulants, he had but to turn liis vision to another portion of the mural (canvas) erection, and there was ponrtrayed in almost appalling reality, tbe condemned cell o> the donjon keep (according to fancy, modern or 1|>e middle 'ages) awaiting tire temporaiy sojourn or fee criminal cpnricted of a capital offenoe, before his final "expiation and exit (the word exit, I think, is very 'apropos) ; but I expect few of the party assembled to discuss the viands placed before tbem, troubled themselves with any such lugubrious thoughts or meditations. Neither do I take it to be any very positive proof of complete parity of conscience on tiie part of tiie inditer of these lines, to confess that 'at any time of mirth and enjoyment, such ideas should occur to him. What's the use of noticing the hand-writing on the wail, when one can turn opbhlfcackand ignore it— "Thou bans'tnot say I did it," but reraions a'nos mautovs. Tbe inner and physical wants being soothingly and satisfactorily fappeased, tiie higher and in tellectual appetite was next addressed. Mr. M'Fell, the travelling and accredited lecturer, after a brief interval, commenced what proved to be!!a lengthy address on the advantages of temperanpj, and by the institution -of comperi- , sons between the fallen state of anan, aS-exem- plified in the confirmed and habitual drunkard, and the very different social moral and physical status of tile total abstainer, made it quite patent to the meanest comprehension, that the advantage is altogether oh the side of teetotsl- ism. There needs no ghost I think to come from the grave to tell us this. Ho sane man would fora moment attempt to controvert the facts, and so far the .lecturer and his audience were in unison. Mr. M'Fell adduced some curious illustrations in support of his arguments, wMch, as also bis illustrations, were supported by figures, but with all due deference to the lecturer, I think that the' figures used', were calculated, no doubt -unintentionally, to nut- lead. One of the arguments backed up by them.-was almost grotesque in its singularity; the lecturer stated that the dictionary comprised aome- eighty'tiidiisana wnrds, that if each - word was separated from its fellows, and upon each was piled the excruciating weight of forty- thpee eorereigus (20s), the gross total would amount to about 150 millions sterling ; and this amount was annually expended within the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the pmxbaae of vile aloohol ur- other intoxicants. The" lecturer, by inference leading bis hearers to suppose that all this vast amount of money was mil-spent, and neglecting to state what propor tion pf this sea of liqnor was appropriated for medicinal and pthar, what many hold to be, legitimate purposes. Many people hold the opinion, that , tiie .man who .can ifford it, jand I irfio takes daffy his glass of hem for dinner .and .may bo his glass of, toddy in tbe evening; who never felt any injurious effects .therefrom, who never exceeded the bounds of sobriety in his life," 3s phrfeotly justified in- continuing his usual and habitual gratification ; and the people who believe this are not singular in their opinion . Thfpefqre. -because others gradually acquire a" taste foralcoh'oY which appetite beoomes their master, do not consider themselves bound in any degree to refrain from eating. or drinking , because -examples <of .gluttony or drunkenness are placed before tbem for ' that Spur- ppse. Consequently I imagine that if temperance lectiuera and members of the ,mnqty would, confine themselves more to the passive argument of example they would be npuju ppre., likely to achieve "success, and to bring a greater" number of .converts to .their Jfaugp. , What's the good of talking about 150 feffliooa-rteriing ? -who knows what that 'sum really is? wbo can mentally grasp with any ade quate conception tiie immensity of the sum ? I pan'fc ;- 1 have often tried, to grasp one hundred and fiftieth miliionfli part of it, and feQod miserably in the attempt, -nevertheless, I give the lecturer, Mr. MTell, credit for the brat intentions; I only differ with" him as to the best means of promoting the cause he evi dently has at heart. The ball following the lecture was well attended, and the anniversary of the ferns of: Temperance, 1880, was success fully initiated and carried out. In .another day or so we .shall have the dis ciples of Blackstone, Coke and Co. In onr midst, and we mnst mind onr Fs -and Q's. It is only twice a year that we see the big-wigs, but per- 'hape it is -often. enough. The memory of each last occasion dwells with ns until the next visit ettuoesit.- -a.-.'S :washiok&BIA; mrariiTOBHCB. ' . Professor Pepper passed through here to-day en route for Adelaide. . . tj— 