LITERATURE. CEREMONIES AND THEIR ORIGIN.* What essentially ate ceremonies! The question is not what is such or snch an act conventionally taken to mean, but how did an apparently insignificant act come to be&r; this meaning? Thus, to raise the hatasasaluteisan act of politeness, to take off the hat on enter ing church ia an act of reverence, but how did a movement in itself apparently inexpres sive come to mean politeness ia the one case and reverence in the other! Of course, no one would suppose that this question is answered by ascribing the ceremony to cus tom. Because the real question is how did euch a custom arise ? Custom preserves acta and modes of behaviour which arose in eome manner or other, but plainly it can originate nothing. All that custom can do is to maintain a habit once ueful and significant after its utility or sig nificance has died away. As this is clearly not the source of ceremonial observances, what is their source 1 It is to no purpose to ascribe them to the enacting will of an absolute ruler, because what riders do in all these cases iB to exact and insist upon the observance of ceremonies which already ex press the ideas of submission or reverence. As to explaining them by supposing that ttiey were established by mutual agreement among mankind in early ages, this is clearly out of the question. All the objections which lie against the figment of the social contract apply hew with tenfold force. It is known that in the more primitive Btages of society, when governmental institutions only exist, if at all, in the most rudimentary form, and ?when anything like an agreement among men to establish a code of social observances is manifestly impossible, ceremonial observ ances do exiBt, and have an authority attri buted to them far beyond what they receive in civilised life. In introducing the subject thus presented Mr. Herbert Spencer lays stress on the fact tfrpt .. the earliest kind of government, the moBt general kind of government, and the government which is ever spontaneously re commencing, is the government of ceremonial observances." He even considers that not only do modifications of conduct called "manners" and behaviour" arise before those which political and religious restraints cause, but, " besides preceding social evolu tion, they precede human evolution; they are traceable among the higher animals. The dog afraid of being beaten, comes crawling up to his master, clearly manifesting the desire to show submis sion. Nor is it solely to human beings that dogs use such propitiatory actions. They do the like one to another. All hard occasionally seen how, on the ap proach of some formidably Newfoundland or Mastiff, a small spaniel, in the extremity of its terror, throws itself on its back with legs in the air. Instead of threatening re sistance by growls and showing of teeth, as it might have done had not resistance been hopeless, it spontaneously assumes the attitude that would result from defeat in battle, tacitly saying-' I am conquered, and at your mercy.'" There we have a ceremonial in a pre-human Btage. But even in low stages of society ceremony iB found highly developed when other forms of control on action are bat rudimentary. Travellers de scribe to us the elaborate and punctilious, and extremely burdensome, codes of etiquette which prevail among savage and barbarous races. Before laws exist, and when morals are only recognised in a very crude shape* these ceremonial observances are universal and of supreme authority. Indeed, these ceremonial observances represent to Mr. Spencer " the primitive indifferentiated kind of government, from which the political and religious governments are differentiated, and in which they ever continue immersed." That we should have any difficulty in con ceiving this he considers to be due to our failing to perceive that the essential parts, as we them, of sacred and secular regulations were originally subordinate parts, and the essential parts consisted of ceremonial observances. How prevalent this iB in regard to religious matters must have been observed by every thinking person. When religious ideas have attained a high degree of spiritual development, there is a disposition to view ceremonial ob servances as of subordinate importance. But originally they were the essence of the matter, and at the present day constitute the whole of religion for nineteeji-twentieths of the human race. The first demand of a social ruler is for obedience. He insists on the accurate observance of all forms implying subordination, and this is all that in the primitive stage he does insist on. He takes no care of tasking laws to regulate men's relations with each other, but only legislates to secure their relations towards him. This iB as tm» of the spiritual ruler as of the earthly one. AU primitive religions, as all primitive societies, rest on ceremony, and demand first of all faithful fulfilment of cere* ' mooial observances. The most serious sin in this stage is the failure to pay offerings 6r to keep festivals. The Rule of st Colum feions* in a much more advanced stage, legis lates for such offences as losing a conse intrf wafer, neglecting Amen to the Bene dioH*, omitting the sign of the craaa, ko. Ju»d we only have to remember that ?' 0991} in y0t more advanced conditions tit* observant® of the church-mads rem SLJrffinSsr is classed high among important duties, to he able li jSiMlllf odpmoay, which ws ate ' i* tmiverssUy aoquiesoed til* devoted by our author _0 vl 'frpiMMWdVoCiat*. London. ,Si» siona of hia Bubject, he examined how trophies which are now merely sym bolic were originally a real result of success in war or the chase. The victorious B&vage; in the first Btage killed his enemy, and took his head or his scalp. Later on, and under the influence of milder manners, he was content to mutilate him as a sign of conquest and subjection, and allowed him to live as a Blave. And still later, he was satisfied with cutting his hair or beard, which mark was a sufficient indication of his servile condition. Trophies, consist ing of human Bkulls and other members of slain enemies, were also presented to the deities as propitiatory offerings, just as human heads were presented to the king as marks of his prowess. Perhaps the only relics of this practice surviving at the present day among civilised nations is the hanging of flags taken in battle from the enemy from the walls of Christian cathedrals. We find some rites commanded by the religion of cer tain races practised by others upon their captives as marks of subjection. Mr. Spencer frequently calls attention to the principle that the preservation of all cere monies which arise from conquest is closely connected with the prevalence of the militant type of society, and makes the remark-" It is significant that, in our own society, now predominantly industrial, such alight mutilations as continue are connected with that regulative type of the organisation which militancy has bequeathed ; there sur vive only the now-meaningless tattooings of sailors, the branding of deserters, and the cropping of the heads of felons." Our author next proceeds to deal with pre sents as a means of propitiating a superior, and shows how the primitive presentation of gifts to the chief or king gradually de veloped into forced exactions, and ultimately into regular taxation. Presents were also made to smaller functionaries who had no other salary than that derived from this source. At the present day we see this system prevalent in such countries as Turkey, and are too apt to look upon as evidence of corruption a system which undoubtedly pre ceded in all countries the method of salaries and fees, and represents the source of the later arrangement Similar gifts were paid from similar motives to the deity whom the worshipper desired to propitiate. Mr. Spencer appears to feel himself fettered in giving full application to this principle, and makes on the Bubject the following observations "Food and drink, which constitute the earliest kind of propitiatory gift to a living person, and also the earliest kind of pro pitiatory gift to a ghost, remain everywhere the essential components of an oblation to the deity. As, where political power ia evolving, the presents sent to the chief at first consist mainly of sustenance ; so, where ancestor-worship, developing, has expanded a ghost into a god, the offerings have, as elements common to them in all places and times, things serving for nutrition. That this is so in low societies no proof is needed; and that it is so in higher societies ia also a conspicuous fact; though a fact which is often overlooked where its signifi cance is most worthy to be remarked. If a Zulu slays an ox to secure the goodwill of his dead relation's ghost, who complains to him in a dream that he has not been fed-if among the Zulus the private act developes into a public act, when a bullock is periodically killed as " a propitiatory Offering to the Spirit of the King's immediate Ancestor," we may, without impropriety, ask whether there do not thus arise such acts as those of an Egyptian king, who by hecatombs of oxen hoped to please the ghost of his deified father; but it is not supposable that there was any kindred origin for the sacrifice of cattle to Jahveh, concerning which such elaborate directions are given in Leviticus. When we read that among the Greeks it was customary to pay the same offices to the gods which men stand in need of; the temples were their houses, sacrifices their food, altars their tables; it is permissible to observe the analogy between these presents of eatables made to gods, and the presents of eatables made at graves to the dead, as being both derived from similar presents made to the living; but that the presentation of meat, bread, fruits, and liquors to 'Jahveh had a kindred derivation is a thought not to be entertained-not even though we have a complete parallel between tne cakes which Abraham bakes to refresh the Lord when he comes to visit him in his tent on the plains of Mam re, and the ahew-bread kept on the altar and from time to time replaced by other bread fresh and hot (1 Sam. xxL 6)." In this spirit does Mr. Spencer proceed to investigate many of onr formB of ceremony, regarding them not aa merely symbolic or conventional customs, but aa attenuated sur vivals of what in their origin were realities. Originally prostration, aa in the case of the spaniel before the mastiff, was a com plete and voluntary surrender to the power of the stronger aa a means of deprecating hia anger. Gradually it diminished into bowing, so as to touch the ground with the forehead, to semi-prostration on the knees, to crouch ing and cowering, and finally to the profound bow of the present day, which is reduced, according to circumstances, to the familiar and scarcely perceptible nod. Then there is the method of expressing revereooe, or submission, or petition by clasping the hands. This ia in many parts of the world a sign of great respect to a superior, and ia, in Europe at the present day, taught to children as the attitude appropriate to prayer. Its origin Mr. Spencer ascribes to the practice of making prisoners of war defMiptfl'MW by binding their hands, aa shown in Assyrian wall-sculptures, and to the consequent custom of voluntarily; jojning the hands in the same way to repr»t sent absolute submission. Originally the vanquished,on becoming a possesaion,lost all his possessions to hia conqueror. From this followed the practice of stripping captives, and a relio of this ia found in many parts of the world in the custom of taking off and ridding tip clothing aa a made of political wbrniasion, and again, in more advanced .odetiea, of removing a garmentjas a mark of w.-.-ttp}wy and rfTOaci This ? dieted in various f '-a Eiuoi* in pasi tiuins, i* to-day .:l; r^jirwented by the practice of tak off or raising the bat aa a sign of salutation or of reverence. In lower societies expressions of fulsome praise and compliment are paid as a necessary tribute to rulers and superiors, and to this day the ascription of praise universally holds a very high place even in the most advanced societies among the ob servances due to the deity worshipped. Mr. Spencer concludes a suggestive work, which forms a valuable contribution to the theory of social evolution, by considering what will probably be the development of ceremonial observances in the future. He Bees that the higher the degree of social evo lution the greater iB the tendency to sub Btitnte mutual forbearance and respect and kindly attention for the mere formal element of elaborate ceremony. Hence, he expects that with further development of the social type, based on voluntary co-operation, will come a still greater disuse of observances, of complimentary forms of address, and of titleB. But it is not desirable that the change should be more than gradual. "Just as abolition of religious restraints, while yet moral restraints have not grown strong enough, entails increase of misconduct; so, if the observances regulating Bocial inter course lose their sway faster than the feelings which prompt true politeness develope, there inevitably follows more or less rudeness in behaviour and consequent liability to discord. It needs but to name certain of our lower classes, such as colliers and brickmakers, whoBe relations to masters and others are Buch as to leave them scarcely at all re strained, to see that considerable evils arise from a premature decay of ceremonial rule." 