TWO-FIFTEEN. BY GEOBOE LAKGDOH. ' I'll tell yon, sir, the biggest time I ever Bee made on a race-track — I drove the. horse myself, sir, too.' ' What was the time?' Well, sir, i drove a mue m two-nlteen — pacing. I beat t'other nag — though he was a good 'un — and won twenty thousand dol lars for the gen'lmah I drove for.' ' What horse was it? I never heard of the match, that I know of.' 'No, sir? It was a little black mare, named Black Diamond. She never did much before, and she never did anything after — that heat killed her.' ' Pity to lose such a crab 1' ' Yes, sir ; but you see I had to do it.' 'Why so!' ' 'Cause, sir, I had to beat. Ef I hadn't a' won that match, I'd a' blowed my brains out — that's all 1' ' Blown your brains out !' Yes, sir. I'll tell you about it ef you'd like to hear/ 'I should. Here, boy, fill these glasses again.' 'Make mine hot an' a little sweeter, sonny.' While the barkeeper was mixing our drinks the veteran horse jockey squinted at the flies on the dingy ceiling, inserted his stubby, coarse thumbs in the arm-holes of his corduroy waistcoat, and stretched him self easily back in his ohair, riding one leg over the other, with the air of a man who knows a thing or, two, and is about to tell a little of what he knows. The boy brought two bottles of toddy, and the jockey, taking one, held it up between him and the window, as if to look through it, only he shut the wrong eye. Then apparently satisfied with his connoisseurship he took a moderate swallow, and again regarded flies that, stiff and orpid with the chill of a No vember atmosphere, clung inertly to the faded and Bpeckled paper festoonery over head. ' The gentleman as owned that hoss was the fust man I worked for when I come over. I was 'ostler for him five year, an' all that time he treated me just as good as a man could. There wasn't nothing that he could do for me to make me comf'able and at home like that he didn't do. He was a reg'lar brick, sir, and I haven't never seen nobody else like him.' I nodded a tacit approval of the character jnst sketched, and my narrator drank his former employer's health with silent respect. ' Yes, sir. Mr. Gaskell was a gen'lemap all over. He knowed what a horse was, too, sir, I can tell you. He had just the nicest lot of nags in his stable that I ever see in this country, and he won more matches than a'most any other genleman I ever worked for. He had Old Patsy, and Dancin' Belle, and Gray Fea her, all at the same time with Black Diamond. There's a stable any man might a' be proud of, sir ! ' Well, sir, we raced 'em all, more or less, and Mr. Gaskell made a heap o' money. When he was gettm' along pretty well, says he ; " Now, JVames," says he, " ef yon want to marry — as I suspects you does," says he, " I'll' just take and put up a little house opposite the carriage-house," says he, " and you and Mary can make yourselves comf'able there," says he. Yon see, bed a noticed that I was kind 0' sweet on Molly, and so he thought, like a kind old soul as he was, that he'd help me on. 'So I married Molly, and Mr. Gaskell put up a sort o' cottage to match the carriage- house, jnst Pother ride of the front gate, and We lived there two year as nice as could be. : Well, boys, they say when we are too happy, that grief is bound to come to sort even the thing up. At the end of two year Mollie was taken down sick. Ef it hadn't a been for Mr Gaskell'® daughter, the Lord only knows what would have become of me. She smoothed the way lor my darling wife to the grave. Her presence was like a streak of sunshine in the house when she -opened the door. She was just the prettiest loveliest thing I ever saw, with her great, big, blue eyes mid black hair, and her voice, sir, when she spoke, was better'n any music. I suppose Heaven's the right place for angels, sir, but they sometimes get down here, amongst as poor creatures, I believe, and ef Miss Lottie wasn't one of 'em, I don't know nothin' ! When my poor Molly died, I was pretty much used up, and wasn't like a CriBhtain . being, for a while. But Miss Lottie, she came and talked to me, sir, and made me fori like a different man, so that I got some sperit and reason into me agin. She fetched a ypupg feller to talk with me, too — a right, good-looking, well-spoken young man, with brown eyes and a high foreliehd. He was engaged to her, sir, and a mighty harnsome couple they was, too. 1 Well, sir, it was about that time that Mr. Gaskell had a streak o' bad luck. I s'pose Old Patsy was the beet horse he had, and one night a good for nothing boy let him run away and break his riba( so that he had to be shot. Then Dancin' Belle lost two matches running; . and another hoss owned by old Colonel St. Orme lost, a match that Mr. Gaskell backed him for. One way or another he lost about forty thousand dollars that season, and got into as much trouble a'most as I was get tin' out of. I see it a' oomin' on gradooally. He began to get kind o' tetchy and quick. Ef you didn't speak, he wouldn't, and if you did, he'd speak mighty short. Then, when he came put. to the stables in the mornin', at nine o'clock, as he always did, rain or shine, I began to -smell brandy on his breath. Before his troubles, he never drank a drop till dinner-time. " - ' Things went on from bad to wuss, and by the fust of' the year Mr. Gaskell was just ready to kill hJnself. He got to drinking a good deal too much of this ere stuff,- and I swear it made me quite bad to dee how he went down — gettm' old and gloomy like, .Finally,- when spring commenced to open, he came to me, and says he : " James, we've got to snake a big strike," Says he, "this season, or we've got to bust and he showed me what he laid out to do. I thought to my self that be'd ealc'lated pretty high on Gray Feather, but I didn't say nothin', cause there was a kind o' cold-blooded look in his eye that made me think it Wasn't no nse to talk withhim. 'He lost two or three small races, and had to sell Dancin' Belle and two other horses, but they didn't fetch anything much. Then he drank more, and went off for a 'week with old St. Orme and old Tadem and a lot of those fellers. All this time Miss Lottie was just as gentle, and kind, and thoughtful as ever, but her father's goin's-on troubled her. She got pale and thin, and had a kind o melancholy expression that made me feel, awful chicken -hearted when I saw her. ' Wei, one morning a little yallsr-faeed man come to me and says he: "Look-a-here, my good friend," says he, "is your marster agoin' to do any more racin' soon?" I told that he was agoin' to try Black Diamond the next day follerin' ag'in a big Southern horse. " Which is agoin1 to beat ?" says he. "Well," says I, "my marster owns Black Diamond, and of course," says I, " she's got to beat." " You needn' be anyways afeard o' me," says the little yaller man, says he, "I aint agoin to bet on no hoss race," says he, " bat I want to know about it, 'canse Miss Charlotte may lose something." ' When he said that name I wanted to hear the whole, and he told me. It 'peared that ho was a lawyer, and had done all Mr. Gaskell's business for ever so long. He told me that Mr. Gaskell was badly cornered, and in debt I don t know how much. Ef he made a big thing on a race now it might save him, but ef he lost, it's a -bad go, 'cause he'd got all Miss Lottie's money put up on the match. Ef Black Diamond was beat,, father and daughter was both beggars. The young feller that was engaged to Miss Lottie had come down like a trump. He had shoved «n all he could raise to save his sweetheart's money, but that had gone long ago. " Now. Jeames," says the little lawyer, Bays he, "1 rely on yon to do something, for I can't do anything more," says he. ' ' Ef Gaskell loses he pays, and ef he pays he's ruined, and then he dies," says he. Says I, "You needn't be soared," says 1, " I can do something." < 'So I just laid myself out from that minute to the time .for the race on Black Diamond. Ef a hoss was ever groomed well it was her. I took as mnch care of ber as I had of poor Mpily when she was sickest, and determined that I would take the responsi bility of that race on my own shoulders. When I led her out and took off her blanket says I: "No v, Diamond, on your winnin' depends a good deal." She whinned as ef she knowed what I was saying. "Yonr owner," says I, " will die ef he loses. ( That dear darlin', Miss Lottie, will be left without a penny, and 1 shall be a poor shoat anyway ef I drive you into ruinin' em all/' She looked mighty knowin' and smart did that little mare, and it is my belief, sir, that she knowed what I meant just as well, as any human. 'Just before the start Mr. Gaskell come around to look at the mare. He was_pretty well soaked, sir, for he'd been a-drinkin' like a fish all the morning. " Jeames," says he, " be careful. Drive just as good as you can, and win at all hazards. In case you should fail," says he, " good-bye. I shan't live to . see you again ef that other horse comes in fust !" and he showed me a revolver in his breast-pocket. I just took and lifted up the cushion on the sulkey, and showed him an old pistol I'd tucked in there myself. When I thought of the effects a beat would have, I. couldn't abear to face meetin' Miss Lottie after it, so I'd just loaded up that pistol and thought I'd make a clean job of it ef I lost. .'Mr. Gaskell couldn't speak when he understood me) but he squeezed my hand, : with tears drippin' do wn hisv cheeks into his moustaches, and I kind o' felt certain then of winnin'. I got up on the sulkey, and re collect hear in' the word for startin', but that's all. They aaythat the people hollered like mad, an' didn't know how to behave themselves, but I didn't hear nor sPe nothin'. ' I just put that mare around the track twice in two minutes and fifteen seconds— the big gest time that had ever been made then. It a »been done inless time since, I've heard, but I'd like to a' seen it. . ' Well, sir, when I got around I fell off my seat. Mr. Gaskell was as pale as a ghost, but perf eotly sober when I come to my senses, an' just as cool as cucumber. He took twenty thousand dollars and quit the whole business. He sold out all his norseS except Black Diamond— she didn't live a week longer— paid his d$bts, -snd . settled down quiet, with Miss Lottie and her hnsbattd — the young feller I mentioned; They wanted me to stpp with them, but when there wasn't no hosseB about there wasn't nothin' for me to do. When I. git kind o' queer, as I do wunst in a while, I go aud Visit 'em. I'm proud to tell you, sir, that l&iss; Lpttien oldest boy is named Jeames, and when Yg® : 4 up there this Chris'mas, Fm him to ride. Now," % empty, I shall esteem it - you take a little sometbmg.'ffitofo10, - _ _v.; The superintendent Of Cape has recommended toe esmblisnmOafc of an agricultural college, following the plan adopted in someof the states of toe American Union.. / 4.' \7:r 