The Advertiser TUESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1880. THE meeting at the Town Hall on Mon- <*> day evening, called professedly for the purpose of considering the action of the City Council with respect to the tenders for f. ccing the squares of Adelaide cannot be r< parted as a very conclusive test of the ft-?ling of the citizens with regard to the subject in dispute, unless the smallness of li.c gathering and its character may La v.ken as indications that tlio ratepayers Linerally are perfectly satisfied with the c urte pursued h\ the Mayor and couacil 1\. rs. A noisy faction can always manage t<\- pet up a meeting of conic kind, and to make row enough to pass for enthusiasm. I?m> of these demonstrations is as different lii.-iv an ?fseiubiage really representative of the community aa gooseberry pop is fiom real champagne, and sensible per *uib with some experience in public life know what value to net upon such ebam imitations of the genuine article The few serious thinking people that aitecd such meetings sigh or smile, accord ing to their peculiar temperament, and then depart, to attach little or no importance to what they hare been unfortunateenough v. listen to from the boisterous few who on li.c occasion happened tobsin the majority In a large and growto- city like Adelaide) when a question arises affecting any tr.de of importance, it is easy to work up s meeting amply of the parsons drecily in;eres:ei in that trade, ani not very difficult to raise in support of their objects a workin^-autn's cry tfc- j w ;n K-rve the purpose of the h iut . that last nigh** ffieetiD? was decid ; d| ? ro^ly it is only fair to observe that the real disorder came from a few persons, among whom Air. Samuel JUaphaet, as usual, was most conspicuous. All the opponents of the corporation received an excellent hearing, perfect quiet reining eicept when any startling etatement, or pit.cc of veliemeut denunciation, angry in vective, or absurd claptrap, evoked boisterous applause. The Mayor, how ever, in defending himself and the councillors from the sweeping accusations mr.de against them, met with constant and noisy interruptions, which were mostdeter mined and uproarious whenever he made a teKing point. Ke other speaker on tb.9 eaiue side of the question was allowed a hearing. NotwitliEtandii>>r the larrikiu distur bance* with which a few earnest protec tionists thought lit to annoy the .Mayor of the city and every rational quii?ily-di*> jseJ ptrson wl.v? wished t*> listen t,> him, it was pii.-sille above all the din to form from hi statements and liguri-s a fjiir idea of the uu-rita of the case subuiittod to the intelli pt- iit decision of the ratepayers pre.vut. The orijiinal tenders sent in on the i'_?ai November for feci-ins all the squares were as follow, omitting shillings and penc?: Fulton & Co., £10,050; Martin & Co., £10,570; A. Jonea & Co., £10,94!>; For wood & Co., £11,015. By these figures it will be seen that Messrs. Martin & C>., who sent in the lowest colonial teuler, were£2_'C above Messrs. Fulton & Co., bat supposing the corporation could set the duty on the imported iron remitted there would be a further saving of £410. Messrs. Fulton & Co. calculated their imports at £4,400, to that it is not easy t« saa how they came to tie conclusion that they could reduce their tender by £664105. if the duty were remitted. Mr. Grainger pointed out this discrepancy, for which he blamed the Mayor, but His Worship was not respon sible for it, and as a matter of fact Messrs. Fulton & Co. aie bound to deduct £004 10a. from their price if the duty is not charged on the iron. After the first tenders were in it seems that Martin and Co. offered to do the work for considerably less than the 6iim they had asked, pro vided they were allowed to use blueetone instead of granite, and the time for com pleting the job were extended from nine to fifteen months. Clearly the corporation could not accept this offer, for the same conditions had not been offered to the other tenderers; to have given the con tract to Martin & Co. on those terms would have been equivalent to letting the work without inviting tenders at all. The four tendering firms were then asked to send in amended tenders on the basis of having fifteen months for the completion of the undertaking, and giving alternative prices for granite or bluestoue foundations. Martin and Co. would not tender again; ForwoDJ, Down, & Co. sent iv the lowest colonial tender, but it was £470 above that of Fulton &: Co. if bluestone were to be used, and £618 above it if the work were to le carried out with granite. It was resolved to use granite as the bert and most ornamental material. If tt; duty is remitted tl?Bavinjr by taking the tender of the English firm instead of the lowest colonial tender will be about £ 1 ,239, and there will be * saving i 4 over £1,000 through not taking: Martin & Co.'s tender. The most prepo ? t£*?«« statements bare bees made with raped V> the effect upon colonial industry and the labor market ef giving this contract to an EoglLsh firm. It has been said that the corporation are thus sending £10,000 out of the colony- This assertion is too wild and irrational to need many words in confutation. All the granite must be raised here and carried by eea and land by the aid of colo nial capital and labor tiU it is on the spot ■where it must be used, The work of putting up the stone and iron fence will be performed by colonial labor;. the iron, must be imported; and the only loss to the colony, even from a protectionist point of view, is the skilled labor necessary to turn the pig-iron into ready-made fencing. Messrs. Fulton & Co. estimate the- total ■value of the iron fencing when leaded iat £4,400. The pifr-iron necessary to make all the fencing would have amountedto 450 tons- at £4 10a. per ton, which would thus cost £2,025. It is said that a hundred ton 3 of coke at £3 per ton would be necessary to cast the iron into fencing, so that out of the £4,400 the imports would uoocuat to £2,325, leaving only £2,075 to be spent in founders" wages. It seems hardly just that tbe ratepayers generally should be required to sacrifice £1,000 or £1,200 in order to. give one or two dozen ironfounders £-2,07.5 worth, of work. Such is protection, however—the plunder of the many for the beaefit of the few. How many working men would benefit by such, a scandalous misappropriation of the city funds!- Why they would of coorae ba taxed to pay for the fraud, Ot-R telegrams relating- to Ireland con tinue to reveal a truly terrible condition of things in that unhappy and distracted country. Mr. Gladstone said not long ago, in words which have already become historic, that" Ireland is separated by a measurable distance only from civil war." That dis tance plainly shrinks every hour; and a score of facts might be enumerated, any one of which, if it existed anywhere else than in Ireland, would l>a justly regarded as the certain precursor of a bloody out brtak. The English Government isehow inp a rare and, as many think, an excessive forbearance; but the dispatch of the twacor/ie d'etat of the British army, tbe Guards and ihe Marines, to Irelaadjihows how ssrioas the situation seems to the English Cabinet, Ihe eale of arms in Dublin is said to l>e carxmoue, and the authorities have assisted :n tbe process by throwing a large quan tity of discarded Snider rifles into the open market! What otW Government than that of Great Britain would by its own act thus pot arms into rebel hands! The JLacd League has rapidly achieved enormous influence, and has become a real imperiuin in imperio. It discharges all the functions of government over a consider able portion of Ireland, and is obeyed as no despot ever was. A largi deputation of landlords waited on the Lord Lieutenant and Chief Secretaiy of Ireland recently for the purpose of asking whether the autho rities wo?!d fulfil tb. ? first duty of a Government, and protect the lives of its loyal citizens; or whether they were to full back on the first law of nature and protect themselves! How cruel is the situation of a Government when its fore most citizens have to address to it an en quiry of this nature' Nevertheless there is still ample room for j doubt whether any actual outbreak will occur. Irish discontent is apt to find ade quate expression in ways which are unplea sant enough, no doubt, but wbick stop con siderably short of civil war—in verbal i treason of the hysterical sort, in private a? sassination, in attacks on harmless beasts, in shooting from the security of an adjacent hedge a etray landlord or two. In its £ercest form it ia very apt to collapse like a pricked bladder at the tirst actual puncture of the bayonet. Have we forgotten the famous "cabbage garden"' collapse, in wbich the "Young Ireland** party dis appeared from the stage of history, and which the mellifluous prose of Sir Charles Gr.van Duffy fans yet to etherealise into a ' trhusaction of heroic quality? The belief ! may reasonably be cherished that ominaus as are all the sign*, the Irish diificulty will yet prove soluble withoui the expenditure U), on it of even that historic " whiff of pr,ij>e shot" with which the first Napoleon blew into space the ghost of the French "Keign of Terror." Meanwhile on die cloudy horizon of Irish discontent one figure stands with something of malignly heroic proportions. It is too coon to write Mr. P&rneU;'s elegy, but then is no doubt be will live in history. His per sonal character is a mala element ia the problem tbe English Government is trying to solve; and no other figure on the stage of British politics is just now baiug so keenly scanned and analysed. In many respects it is a character which inverts and bullies all expectations. It might be described not inaptly as a catalogue of para doxes. This spokesman of Irish discontent is himself but half an Irishman. He has American blood in his veins, and belongs to the least lovely of all the varieties of Irish development—the Irish-American type. Bo is a rich man, and yet the confederate of political adventurers. He is a lar^e landowner, and yet the vehement assailant of the whole land-holding caste. Us is a I fai<uic,and yet a precisian: a revolutionary, and yet a formalist; a perfect master of aU the niceties of House of Commons procedure, i able to quote authorities and split tecoui cal hairs with the Speaker hini3elf, and vet j a sort of pinchbeck Cromwell, who would stride over all laws and trample under foot all precedent to reach his cud. He is a j demagogue whose chief weapon is oratory; j he is the spokesman of a race with whom j oratory is a birthright, and yet Mr. Paraell \ Linitelf, like 3lark Antony, ia no orator. He is a speaker of the ''high and dry" order, whose fire is of the latent thousrh anthracite sort. This demagogue, too, who reigns by tickling the ears of the crowd, is as tenacious and haughty as Coriolanu3 him self, and would " banish" his Irsi rabble with as superb a gesture as Shakespeare's hero, if they had the temerity to differ from him. He adopts many of O'Connell's methods; he differs, how ever, from O'Connell in a thousand 1 ointE, but in notblnp- more strikinidv than in tbe absence of tumor, and of the whole gioup of mental equalities of whisk Imuboc is tbe symbol. O'Connell ha& a- real lore ef In land ; of Mr. Paraell it has been- said with something more than epigrammatic point that he has "more haired for the English government of Ireland than lore for the Irish themselves." Sfr. ParaeU is at bottom, says the London Spectator, « a fanatic of the logical French lype, a Qffetic with a great share of that appetite for form and minute fact which gives a fanatic power, and gives-him, too, what L?. even, more important—ample shelter for bifrner eotial fanaticism, under cover of practical discussions, which hide faun the world the grim fundamental purpose of alithw seemingly petty warfare. He is logi tal, tenacious, and bitter to the jioint ■J_ eager acrimony. He can make of Constitutional formulaa the outwork* of most dangerous assaults on the Constitution. • Incorruptible/ sitting apart, jealoas, soli tary, with great Intensity of purpose, and very narrow sympathies, his mind reminds us of some of those which were most.potent in the making of the great French Revo lution; and in Irdand>here is undoubtedly enough combustible element for a.smalL if not a greauV revolution. What Ireland wants is a rival to Mr. ParnelL.of wider and more generous sympathies, whos? motive ehould.be hearty love for the bash, and not bilious jealousy of the CngtiaU> with a temperament and heart to charm Ireland, which Mr. ParneU basuever had, and a mini apt to convince England* to which Mr. Pamell does not so mocha* even aspire." Mr. Paraells position is-a? patadoncal «b hia character. Irish cities are present ing him with their freedom} losk crowds are hanging on his somewhat tadioos lips as on aa. oracle; he is in a Bens>aaiin crowned king. Yet to the bulk of the English, nation he is the object of hi in tense aad just abhorence. HewiUhaveto exchange the oiatorV rostrum for the criminal dock, but wffl probably escape the prosecution being ditected against him. Irish treason trials era not, to judge from past experience, encceasTul fomsof legal psaceduxe. But it is nottffficolt to fore cast Mr. Pamell'fi career. He wSI be out tedden by wilder demagogues, m left broken and useless lite a stranded ship by the quick ebbm* tides of popular feeling The verdict of history will probably be Oat his influence was never aayieal peril to th* whicthewasasubjeclibntwaaa deep and lasting curse to the very crowds to whom he ib a hero and an ancle. A meeting of citizens washddin the Town Hall on Monday evening to consider tiu> actaon rf the Ci^ Caanea -« aw£«j 72 foreign tender for fencing the aqM?Vo™«k ?hich can be done in t£ «taoy, «?*!££ wheu there ua. prospect of nm'of cnZ! rent Hi oooaidentte iaocaae in 2e rates." Thete wen only about 300 persana present, bat although &* attenaaaeVwa? moderate tbe proceedings were anytfcinr bat ten*. atHbV«diipaeMq^£^ sJ\i? lts£!?V* f "I** 1* • •*■*«■« in <lef«i*e <rf the City Council v irascanader.uJde.iraM. other gmtiefcniAMld preside, and Mr.T. Johnson vaa accordingly TOfeTto tide chair. The onlj naolation winch was t-abmitted wasoneeondeniningtte aetueof the eoancu, and tin* was oamed at a fate fun-, iftoOi ?ttendaooe bad became wosdenbiy *hw«^i Hi. Wonhip w«the o olyo«.«ho Sjw k e , or h«dany«w?to^tf «f apeakmg m de&B;?«f tbe council, aod be moved anrtlucg bat a f4votmoto bencc alttMugb lie eotaedisAa minute details to abmr tiwt die cozutcsl had adopted tite tigut cmnse fa wtieteeot to the question in dispute. Daring the canoe of his speech, which occcpjcd about an hour, he na cubjected to tmmerona intetn^tknie, tbe utiiil ing being eridenfly iiiWpoaed to Lear anytting bat one side of the qaeatioa. CoanaUor Saaaen attenptcd toftu aiwfcfbaffsiied. lie manager <rf the New Bovai Ciown Viaivg Company, Heatbeate. Victoa*. nports week, making 330 feet bam enrfaee. The following tender was opened at die I Engipeer-ip-ChiefT? effiee on Monday morning - \- For the euetion of cwria^B trorfcshopat Beacfcport, one tester, ajeucs. Jeats & M*tda coo. Weawinformed bydbe Private Secre- Ui, that Lady StnvUm noeptioo. atGoraa ~*j- ** di^anU?ued b«a the The annual distribution of pmea of the Gzammar Sebool took pUce at the town &B;, Norwood. « mmLy ***££ ; IJejemberao. The Bon. T. Plajford ptt£te£ •ndereyaungpaaaed off vecjaatiaiaetgdr: Kate Kelly, the sister of the execoted murderer,Bdward Kelly,landed at (HeoOeim Monday morning. She wa? a paweugeVby the thi* crtony by an botelkeepcr in Htndtey- A correspondent writes: —"At St. Peter's O&thedrml;, on Sunday erauiie Deoem ber 19, Dr. Deody betom «wSeSing hia eeraxm caUedattentkm to tfaevantof rerensee shown by eeretal junjur mcanbeca of the eancm tmiism is sot keefiog their feet doting tbe per- Icrmascecf by tte ekair Amtha antteni is w*Uj a aabetitatioa tot the fiat hymn in the enoao?g. and aa hymns axe io- TOriaMyanng in a standing postme, it is to be Mgtetted that bo many, and pawieuUrir aa •May Jtmg memaeta of tbe eoop^Mioa damldhave ao far foixotan.or been isoomut of ttenghtpaubonof wmrirfp,,, to haTeeUiea forth the rerereod doctor a re^ntof. A man named Henry Walker was ad mitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Monday Deatbbex 20, in an insenaiUe atate, baring ac cidentally received a severe blow on tfceface boa a piece of wood. Be ia very •ewrasly in jiised. A man named Henry Allen had bis right hand severely anjoeed by a m***^ a t the laide, on Monday, December Xt. Beram vydtotta airi.M,n«i |l il,T t^MB teySw The snperintendent of the Ref oraatorv b^Fitajajnfai?Wiaaa?«BatonPet«aberltf be teeeired a box of font sonuatincof pine apples, onuses, and them**, bom Him BUganey.for the boya on tbe bulk,and deores to publicly acknoafedge tfaia act of tiioughtf al kiadneas. We are asked to call attention to a nuisance caused by a dead bone buried at Hirtiley Beach, near the bathing ground. The I animal baa been only partially interred in the sand,aud bathers eoaiplaia with justice of the mii&ance;, wbieb is said an be mm&j; aickeiiiag. I The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were contiiwied on Monday beface the Cairf Justice and a jury, wfaea the *~"*-fitrrt«1 cause of Samson v. Samaon waa farther eon tideitd. Lathe absence of a aatadal vitaeaa lor tbe petition the trial was farther adioaaied tiU Wednesday at half-part 10 oViecaTffite •peeial jmy case ef Haseferove t. Kng- wQI be taken this motaiog at 10 o'clock. The following is M«n^ny mornine's weather report on the AArhMtt and Port Darwin Trtfgrajii lane:—Port Darwin, N, dear, fine; Soutfipart^ K.W, dandy, fine. i warm; Tarn Oreek, &B;, hot; Pine Creek. calm, fine, warm; Hirer Catherine, calm,dear. fine, warm; Daly Waters, calm, dear, fine; Powell Creek, calm, clear, fine; Traman* Creek, causa, dear, fine, warm; Sanow Creek, SJS. dear, fine; Alice Spdnga, calm, dear, fine; Charlotte Waters, &B;, dear, fine; Pe*ke,N.R., I cjear. fine; Btaingwaya Springs, KJ, dear.' ! fine, bot; farina, O, clear, fine; Bdtaaa, i KB,dear,fine. A few years ago, under the old volun | tier hjtuia, Sus.tlialbya_ «v fauatd for i^ I cava'rj ccri^aiKl theitcliiig in favor of eavn'iy is tt.il active in tbat tosre. The iuiiii*ry aiitliriiiits at j,r<.Mtit do Lot tucouM^a tL^ Bicvtacit, bteMU.-t of ihe i\;vj-e t^; v.- .■■x'i atU:«i it, L;it she E-.eaUiers 'f Hie iiiil-' .%.<> t-at-it-.s^an «.x|=-ri!v.coi s oa Sv.:tii3?v. t?ic?a bcr l?, tamed out on faorsebaok and underwent drill very creditably under the instructions of Captain Baskine. We believe it is the inten tion ef tbe Btntbalbyn oompanr to apply to tbe MMil ef the 8.A.N.8.A.. for permission to be eewected into a carps of mounted rifles. The annual sessional anniversary meeting laoenneetlonwith ITuiou OMnge was add in •beFUnders-atraet Baptist Chun>h Lecture hall W Xenday evening, December 20. Tbere ni • moderata attendance, aud ICr. D. Murray, J.P., CMnpied the chair. After the chairman had opened the meeting the secretary (Ker. J. BL Angus) read the annual report ani the ecamiaen'repottson the recent examinations. Mr. J. lied nay Day gave a very able and in etrueHva address on " The relation ot study and thought to conviction and belief," after Whin a comprehensive vote ef thanks was ami dad to the cbairmau, Mr. Day, and the Indies who had provided the tea. An unfottaaatd blunder crept into one of the schedules of cue Amended I*ud Act. which Waa nnnottoed ov any noe when the measure waa passing Jiroogb Parliament. In the third schedule the Una led at Wiltunga ii inserted as Willoaga. Wo uu<'er«taud tdit a resident •nYorke's Peniut>ula wrote, applying to take *p land in W.it i.ga, bu- upm refersnc} to the Act it *«• r.maj that no such hundred was nuntfued there, though it waa dearly eaov n iotenied <o bj. The CuiWiWsinonr a Oom Lands thereupon laiaraMd tJie applicant that he oonld not graat kii application to select land in eaoaeqnence of the mistase. and ca?c unf artiuut 1/ the error cannot be rectified except by a fresh Act of Tbe following shows the extraordinary ffatstn et ledtapeum which prevails in the Melbourne Qorenunent office*:— air. B. Wool- Bough, hen. secretary of the Sooth Australian Taent Olub, teeeotl* wrote to the Commissioner •f Oastame in Victoria, asking him to allow a faefct (the Virid), which the dab was going to a*adbrstoaieertotak.patiatheappreaoninK ■mniilMtfi ngatta, to enter the port ot Hal haaaae bee ef dnty. To this the CoUowiae leti* M neslved:_« Sir-I am dadred by tbe s*aa.«aaOmamwsionerof Trade and Customs •jisekaowiedge the reeetpt of roar letter of tne «ta instant, having referaue to the doty on a yacht which it U intended to bring to this •aUmy, and which it it purposed to return to •oath Australia alter a •hurt while, and in reply to inform you chat upun the importation of the boat the duty leryabia most ba deposited with thH«lafatUte?t;em the exportation, however, tte amount wiU be refunded." A. meeting of the committee of the Band and Deaf and Dumb Institution was held at theemooef Mr. William Itownsend, ILP^on Man day, December 30, when then were present —Mr. Tswssnd (in theckair),the Han. Thomas King (Minister of Kdueatiau), the Hen. J. Kaber. M.L.O, tbe Hon. J. Colton. M.P., Mr. O. Ftasoek, If, and tna secretary (Mr. Koffo Seany). The secretary read tbe draft annual tepatS which was approved of and adopted. Tbeappliattinns m«M for teaching basket tasking at the institution were considered, whea it was resolved that the matter should be left to the chairman aud sir. Cotton to arrange. Apologias far non-attendance were received feasu tbe Hon. Henry Scott and Mr. William Kay, JJP. lbs eiiairmaa reported that every thing at the institution was going on satisfae tstUy. The bank balance amounts to £15* l!s. •d-_Aftsy easaa wjatma basins is hal been usbuwsssjuu •ssveesaMsttaeaajioansesl. "Some time ago," writes the Port j Jsf^Aupat^-we had occasion to infer to ■ tha total failure of tbe crops in the Hundred ot Wsrreanrfa, and urged opon tha Cnivnastf Oeoecil tiie ueceetity of malting soaieceassa aiea to the selectors in order to assist them over dimcuitie> oiiriog from tb? cause. In reply to the aatmcriai presented by Mr. Orittendon, who watted cpun tbe aathoriti«s in Adelaide, the foltewiDg letter baa been received:—'The tenants of Wirrnada having requestei the samacil to p.-.?tpone payment ot their rent for a for, or t.i Igreio baif a year's rent on the eon •Utian tLat tt-nanU fence their holdings with oht-wirs fhcppprotf fecoes wittio six "—t*Hf from 12th November last, lam directed to m- Icrm you. that the esancil will adopt the tatter wnaoeal. on the understanding .that the lent will not ba remitted nntfl after an examiner to ha hereafter appointed by tbe cooccil shall ham I spilled that the six-wire abeep-proof lenses ham been properly made to his satisfaction. U he does not report to that effect by Uth May, ?BL, payment ef the rent wiU be reeaitnd. Be ?aa* eaaafh to state at year earliset iwisi eaos whatharran will agias to theferegeing isaMtiiM.-ir.Baataw?"^ " " <^Col0«sl Dovaaa, CoswaoaW of Ac Bentt Anstnfian Volnntuer Forera, having Visited the colony for the purpose of inspecting tbe Vietarian Tolustecr «ystem, was entertained yjmtorday at the residence of Col. Anderson, O.M G," rejrorti the Melbourne Age of Decem ber 18. "About 30 officers attached to the •anew metropolitan carps were presented to hunty way of iataedaatian, and be waa paid the «—ternary respect dne to a soUier of his wank and eerviee. v the evwmng CaL Downea, inestS?sny with CW. Anderson and the various «A??eftfae«taff inspected the Baat Melbourne Mi MetoopoUtan battorie* of artillery at the hMSjeelsw orill Moms. Then was a good ■ssatst at each place. The man were put «hnmgh the customary gun drill, in which they 4itpUfod ereditabU effineocy. OjL Downea wee moeb impressed with tbe discipline of both •erpa, end before leavins complimented the ettaan and saannpan their general behavior and ABaeaannaSk Xhe auanar an which their enns ware hasjt,he sais\reflsstea great aradUnpon thssm.aad he had to admit that ao far as driU w«a assujmniil they executed each order with ejns?bnesa,smnwas,auJ dispatch. Major King ?na?aiiitsil the sVet Melbourne battery, and tbjer Otarke pertarmed a similar doty in re aynet to tha MsUnpiditan battery." "The progress of harvest enables •*,* s*f* *a?4r«u£i?ra*,« to verify the prette monawhiahhaisTbean snade eoaeemin C it,s*M •ahappily asost of these are of a gloomy aha. •actor. We gather tte following particular* torn varions sanrees. At Spewing the early amps an good; red mat fhnateai the late ones, •ait an Mttan of ten bushels is expected. From Kapnnda and Tarlee rast is to be seen, but the jieid is expected to be fully equal te last year if not raperior. In the Roadreds of King and Bondey some ot tbe crops are turning out well. Fsom Walloway, of whose faflores we have faterd ko much, tbe avenge will not excee I three btuheb. Drongbt and grasshoppers have done tbe work ef destruction here. AtOoadewie aye buthels are expected. Our readers are fansilur with tbe ill accounts from the west ei^« of Fticden Uaoge. Tbrouefa Baroata and Telowie net more than four bushels will b? -wbtainev. in the latter hundred a farmer pot five machines into his crop, and tbe result of a day's labor was five bags of 130 lbs. each. Oa Wisninowfe things are slightly better, aiz hwhels bring expected. We wish the Sooth had a better set-off to show against these lailons In tha Kerth. Unfortunately this is) not the ease. At Tsnanda the rast has made sank! strides, some fanners being very di* nkHsnabontn;aadin the aefehbarhood of Oewtar the nssjti of reaping an very dis- A public meeting of residents of Hutt ateet, adelaide. Parbside, Eastwaod, Follartaa, Ttewville, aad Olen Osmond, convened by Messrs. btwranes and Brook, agents for tbe pro saiers of the Olen Osmond and Fallarton Trasmway, was held a the Fountain Inn, on the Ohm Oamosjd-road, on Monday evening, Decem ber 20. to enable tfaemto express their views on the proposed undertaking, and "to decide what ■isasiim of support they would iadivi dnslly give towards its accomplishment, 1* There wen about seventy persons present. The chair was sstnjiisa by Mt. O. B. Hardy. Flans of tbe ronte propoged to be traversed were distributed to then pneeated. The Chairni?n drew at tention to aa important error which bad ocsurred in a paragraph in that mornint's Register, in wbiah Uwas stand that the meeting woold be held at tbe Van Inn, in consequence of which he had ataaost gone to that hotel, aad there was no doubt that it bad made a considerable differ enn in the attendance. There was no question as to the advisability of lesidentsand landownenon tbeamte, supporting the scbeme to the utmost •f their rnrans. Before the starting of tlie lfitnhsm tramway, which he had strongly sap ported, and bad been influential in promoting, meetings, similar to that, bad been held, and ft had been impressed on those present, aa he impressed fton them now, that it was not so much a question of whether they were to get imme diately a return in tte shape of a dividend, but rather whether the uudtxtsjeing would give them increased facilities to reach town, aud wfcetbt-r it would greatly enhance the value af pioperf yon or near tbe route. Toe convenience would be very great to residents, and the laod owof-rs would be simply astUticg in making an improve j road to tbeir properties, in fact, taking mca t-y out of one pocket and putting it back doubled into the other. If erery individual owner aud resident wer« to es-Ui to the utmost of hi* |KiWtr, the number of shores required to •m taken up, would be auliscribei thrice o?er, h"N t^fortucately, thtre w^re some short a ,ii:Ua «ud felfinb |j<-rM,. b tv!;o wouM not sup |>«rt fuch a scheme. Tlii't<; was, however, a large q- HLtity of Unoed prop'-rt^ on tliiroute, and he let n.re tljai the vraiiid see tha: I it wcnld be to their own interest to support the ] proposal. He was authorised to state chat th<\- | t>ehemewonld be undertaken in its entirety, aud not carried out only to the better paying parts of the route, and he pointed out that it was oat in the power of tbe company to do otherwise. He had nothing further to say with regard to j the line, but be hoped that those present would support it. Mr. Lawrence said the localities through which the lime would pass had been canvassed for support, but it had been thought well to call the meeting, n> that the scheme might be properly placed before the residents. He read a list of the present shareholders, aad stated that 3,165 shares had been taken up, bit 6,250 were required to be taken up before the company could be started. A somewhat lengthy discussion followed as to the best part of the road to lay the line down on, and there was a strong feeling manifested by most of taose pre sect that the line should take the middle of the rind. ICr.W. Plnmmer moved and Mr. Me Mullen seconded, that in the opiuion of the meetiog the rails should be laid down in the contra of tbe -road. Mr. Jonathan Brook inured as > - amendment, and Mr. Ljoub seconded, that the meeting was of opinion that the lio<j ulioald take the side of tbe road. The amendment was lost, and the motion was carried almost vni mcc. In answer to questions it was stated that it c juld not be decided as to the position in which the liuti would be laid, as tbat would be a question to be subsequently decided; that the compaiiV would take advantage of tbeir knowledge of cae trrors made by other companies, that the cj^ fet mile would be about £2,000, and that it was not decided whether the company would take steps to secure tbe stone traffic, but such action was shadowed forth in the prospectus. A. motion was nearly unanimously carried to the effect tbat the indiridual members of the meeting should support the scbeme for the laying do wn of a Hue as shown in the plans provided. Several of those present took np shares in the company, aud after a vote of thanks to the chairman, tbe meeting terminated. A sale of goods is to be held in the Payseham Institute tn-day in aid of the pro posed new Wesleyancbarsh in that township. The trial of reapers, mowers, &c;, in connection with the Eoyal Agricultural aud Horticultural Society, is to take plaea on the farm of Mr. Jnad, near Salisbury, to-day. Some views of America shown by the ' ox; hydrogen lime light are to be exhibited in the I Town Hall, this evening. Solos oa the organ | will be rendered daring the evening. A meeting to consider the proposal to construct n tramway between Adelaide, Glen Osmond, sad Fallarton, is to be held at the Fine Hotel, Glen Osmond, tbis evening. Professor Pepper will reappear at the Academy of Musts next week with a new enter tainment. We are informed that the professor has made a very successful country tour. Mr. Fairclough, the eminent tragedian, gives the second of bis Oawler recital* in tbe local institute this evening, when there should ba a crowded attendance, as Mr. FairelougtT* high elocutionary attainments will afford an intellectual treat to all who may be present. There was a large attendance at the circus on Monday night. Tbe programmes, which was a new one, embracsrt several clever acts cf equestrianism, trapeze balancing, and tumbling. The audience was a rery enthusiastic one, and fully appreciated the entertainment Tbe same programme will be presented to-ni^ht It is possible that the people of Adelaide snaj be able to see some of the lectures now on view at the Kxhibilion in Melbourne without leaving tbeir own city. A proposition ba« been nude, aubjrtt to certain very rra*onasle cjaJi t;? us. uu<ier which the Koyal pictures, and the an .old other pictures in tbe Britj.h Cjurt will, •3 the Exhibition being closed, be sent to this eolcoy, to be shown bere. The drawing in connection with Mr C. D. Stoekfc's art distribution time off on Mon day afternoon, December SO. at Mr. 3. Mar shall's mas:e-.room;, Kundle-atreet. Mr S. Torukinson occupied the chair, and Mr. J. C. Bray, MV , acted as scrutineer. Tim lirawiug r*Milt*d in prixjs being awarded as foMoars : — Mei-ws. W. K. Simmn, \V. H. S-iwcrr Dwliiv ard Sons, J. Pile, W. h. Neale, Hale. Bro?, W. Taylor. J. Kemp, F. O. Frew, C. Barton. V B. Hall.C. Todd, B. T. Moore, J. C. Bray. J. Salmon. E. A. Slocks. A. Chapman. B. H. Wig? J. H. Fsrr, A. Wells, O. Peacock, Brook, T. Bmitb, Debbie, W. B. Ford, W. Ward, aT B. Malcom. W. Hughes, H. S. Price, Longtwtwm, O. Morrie, O. Morgan, and J. N. Birks. A well-attended special meeting of the Poit Adelaide Ohess Club was held at the club moms. Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, December 20. to make a presentation to Mr. J. Henderson, J*, vice-president of the club, who bad recently removed to Adelaide. The testi monial consisted of a very handsome set of ivory Stauston ebessacen, club siae, enclosed in a carved casket ef ebtny lined with velvet. The catket had been mounted in silver by Mr. O. Schultae, of Port Adelaide, and bore the follow ing inscription:— "Presented by a few of the members of the Port Adelaide Chess Club tj John Henderson, B*j, ■vice-president, on the occasion of his leaving tbe dub.—December 20, 1664." Mr. Joshua Kraos (who presided), in banding over she gift, said be need hardly ex press the great regret of tbe dub at Mr. Hender scn'a departure from it. Ever since its forma tisn, nearly two years ago, he bad been its right hand man, and much of the •access it had achieved waa due to hie exertions. Mr. Hen derson wss also a fint-daas player, and his loss f ould beaeverely felt in dub matches. Mr. F. Bdl also spoke to the aasse effect. Mr. Hender son, in thaafcaig tbesa for tbe gift, said be needed no present to remind him ot the many pleasant boars be had spent amongst tha other members. He deeply regretted leaving them, but he would retain his conneotion with thecluti as tang an passible. ;- On. Monday evening, December 20, a tea ■ mils i is H ill nil festival in eonnestten with .the wasteyea Ohnreb,Norwood, took pUes in the leetnre-room and church respectively. For assne tfane past tbe want of a new organ has been mnch felt, and several gentlemen have saade strenuous efforts to collect funds towards sWrsjtag the cost of the purchase ot a suitable iuslj innsnt. Special services were held in the efcarch ou Sunday, and collections were made both at these and at the festival in aid ef the organ iuod. The tea meeting in the lssture rues «ts > great success, and wai largely patronised. At its conclusion a move was snide bj most .of those present to tbe church, which -was tastefully decorated with flowers and ever . greens for the occasion. Tbe Hon. J. Dunn, Aj?ti^M.LC., occupied the chair, and the Revs. D. U'Dcttnell, H. J. Lambert, and S. Knight occupied1 seats op the platform. Mr. W. B. Chinner presided at . tbe new organ. sx4 in the course of the evening performed scan difficult and elaborate selections to the rit ontaftction of all present, an " Andante A flat," composed .by himself, being very loudly applauded. ' Addresses were given by tte Beys. H. J. Lambert and S. Knight, and. wan attentively listened to by a Urge audience. - Mo. Cbeeeemen sang "Saviour of sinners? very -jfasjy- Mrs. Bkns's rendering of" O rest in the lfmi,"fmn Elijah, was admirably givjen? and •Miss I'eddy was very successful In the pathetic aong* 1 Good night, till then." There-were quite '200 people, present. The procsedsof the col- Uction* onBnnday and at the festival amounted to about £3S. We bear that Mr. Kendall wiU fiU tbe pest of organist at thu church. 