ME. PROCTOR'S ASTRONOMICAL LECTURES, BIRTH AND GROWTH OF THE UNIVERSE. Mr. Proctor delivered his sixth and last lecture—"Birth and Growth of the Universe"—at the Town Hall on Wednesday, July 21. He said that before commencing his subject he had to reply to some questions that had been asked him, and also to a certain line of reasoning which had been advanced in one of the daily papers, opposing itself to the views he was supposed to hold. The questions he had been asked were these :—In the first place he was told that when the comet of 1843 was in sight a theory was advanced to the effect that that comet consisted of ice, and that as the comet approached the Sun the heat of the Sun first melted the ice, and then turned the water into steam, and that the tail of a comet was a long track of steam left behind the comet, just as the steam was left behind the funnel of an advancing steamer. He was usked whether that was a theory to which he felt himself inclined. He thought that he could definitely reply to that question," No." He did did not feel the slightest inclination to admit it or the barest possibility in its favour. In the first place, we knew that comets' tails were not made of steam, and, in the second place, the tail of a comet was not carried behind the' comet, did not lie directly in its track, but at a very considerable angle to that track ; and when the comet was passing away from the Sun the tail was cot behind it, but in front of it. The next question asked him was whether he thought that the planet Venus had a satellite or not. It happened very strangely that in the last century many observers of great skill fancied they bad detected a satellite attending on Venus; however, we knew now quite certainly that tbey mnst have been deceived. Possibly what they saw was ope of those optical ghosts, as they were sometimes called, or false images, made by tbe double reflection between the glasses of the telescope, which had over and over again deceived astronomers of repute. As an illustration, he referred to the mistake made by OttoStruve, the celebrated astronomer, some fonr or five years ago, when he described to the Astronomical Society a small star which he bad seen through the great telescope of Pulkova, attending on the bright star Procyon, in the constellation Canis Minor, and to his sabsequent admission of error—that the supposed star had been a phantom— an optical illusion produced by a certain imperfection in his telescope. We were now quite certain by observations made through the'finest telescopes of oar day that the planet Venns had no satellite at all, or that if she hacL any then that satellite most be an even smaller body than either of the moons attendant on Mars. The third question was as to whether he thought the planet Neptune had a satellite. Certainly he did. We knew quite well that Neptune had a satellite, discovered by Lascelles and seen by Otto Struve, and tbe only point of doubt was whether or not Neptune had two satellites. He believed that the observations supposed to relate to a second satellite of Neptune had been observations of a very faint star in the neighbourhood of that planet at that particular time. Then he was asked whether he believed that the ring of small bodies travelling between tbe paths of Mars and Jupiter— tbe ring of asteroids—had been originally a single planet which had burst. He would bave occasion later on to deal with that as it fell within his subject, but he would just say in passing that tbe theory of a bursting planet was no longer entertained. The nature of the movements of the known planets was such as wonld not allow of the admission of such a theory. He next proceeded to refer to a letter published in a daily paper, in which the writer bad taken exception to &\remark that he had made in one of his lectures, that if there were inhabitants on the Moon in ages gone by, the Moon would have appeared to such inhabitants to be the centre of the universe. The writer of that letter appeared to forget that he had only made a statement, and not submitted a theory, and that of course he had referred to the state of things existing on the Mosn, not as they were now, but as they were many millions of years ego, when the Moon rotated many times more rapidly than it did now. The subject of his lectnre took him back, not only to the beginning of such an orb as this Earth, but also to the beginning of the solar system itself. There were those who seemed to fear that in trying to picture the solar system as resulting from a process resembling growth, we were striking at the root of man's religious belief. He couia never understand why it should be so; he could never understand that, when we recognised on the larger scale what we had long learned to recognise on the smaller scale—tbe perfection of laws working out gradnal changes and developing parts of God's universe—we had done something that should ehake our faith and make as, to use the words of one of those writers who had this fear, set aside the Almighty in the name of universal law. It seemed to him to be the height of absurdity to suppose that, because we enlarged r-ur conceptions and widened our ideas of the perfection of law, we should at once recognise that the Maker of those laws had less influence over tbe creation than we had at first supposed. In point of fact, science and religion were only connected in this way—science dealt with tbe finite, though by means of the finite it raised our thoughts to the infinite. Science dealt with finite regions of space. Though to tbe eye of science these regions were being continually en larged, y et they remained finite. Still science was able to say that there could be ne limit te space or to time. Science called our minds to recognise infinity of time in tbe past and in the future. Infinity of occupied time seemed more reasonable than a past infinity of void time, a futnre eternity of void time, and only a finite period of time occupied by events. Science, by making us recognise these two inconceivables— infinity of space and the infinity of time— showed us how we ought to admit, though we could not conceive tbe idea, an infinite power and infinite purpose working in company at the same time and throughout the same space. The consistent movements of the planets and asteroids of the selar system justified as in endeavouring from that law of uniformity to trace the history of the solar system. It was not sufficient to say simply that it pleased the Almighty to fashion the solar system as we found it. for that would place a bar to all research. A similar answer ht>d been at first given to the discoveries of geologists, when persons, whom he supposed wished to prevent all enquiry into what they thought was dangerous —persons who thought they were religious but who were really wanting in faith—said that tbe evidences discovered in the strata of the Earth of the existence of creatures in long past periods of time had been placed in the crust of tbe Earth jnst as they were fotmd, and had possibly been placed there to furnish those who were too inquisitive by leading them astray. (Laughter.) He then described L&place;'s theory of the evolution of the solar system from a vaporous or gaseous form into planet^ and the subsequent similar evolution of the planets into satellites or smaller gaseons masses. Laplace's theory gave a fair account of the formation of the solar system, but did not account for the various bodies in the solar system being so singularly arranged as they were found, to be in their respective masses and positions. To Laplace's theory must be added the process of meteoric aggregation. He proceeded to show how the recognition of this process of meteoric aggregation would lead them to expect just what they actually found in tne solar system. They must remember tbat the theory of evolution of Laplace was not a process of planets being thrown off, but a process of contraction and nebular concentration. [Some views illustrative cf what was supposed to be the aspect of the solar tvstem when the various nebular streams were ii< process of separation, and of star-cloudlets as observed by astronomers, and believed to support this theory, were here exhibited.] These spiral nebular streams were supposed to oe solar systems in process of gradual formation, and fome of them occupied regions of space which would completely fill up the whole circle of the path even of Neptune.—the remotest of the planets _ of our solar system—and possessed quantities of matter within them already more han sufficient for the formation of a system like our solar system. From spectroscopic obervations, which showed the presc-nce of bydiogen and nitrogen in only one of the four ints if each of these gases, some astronomers bad suggested that in these star-cloudlets we ad not only an early stage oi system formation, ut a'so the dements in their true elementary ondition. The addition of Laplace's theory of lv> procees of meteoric aggregation, by which lanets were continually growing, would, e thought, if rightly considered, furish a law which seemed to account or tbe respective ttiassiv<-uess of tbe planets ust km we fonnd ttcu!. Close to the an the velocity ct the forming planets would e very great, and in accordance with this rapidity of motion would be the difficulty of meteoric aggregation. A planet nearer to the Sun would have a smaller chance of growing than one at a greater distance. On the other hand there would also be a difference in the quantity of matter available. We could see even at tbe present time tbat the meteoric or cometic matter was richer in quantity near tbe Snn than far away from it, and it was evident, when these two points were considered, that there wonld be some given distance from the Sun where these two opposing effects would be so balanced that that region would be most favourable to the formation of a planet. Going further away again from the Sun, while the velocity of the forming planet would be less, and thus favourable to meteoric aggregation, the quantity of meteoric matter available would be diminished. Taking Jupiter as tbat central point, they would natarally expect to find just outside Jupiter that the planet next formed would be smaller, bat that there would be even greater wealth of architectural display, as in Saturn. Outside that again the quantity of meteoric matter would be less and less, and we should expect to find—as we did find—outside Saturn smaller planets still. Jnst inside the path of Jupiter it was manifest that a planet would form ander unfavourable circumstances. There would not only be an increased rapidity of motion, owing to closer proximity to the Snn, bnt the perturbing effect of the giant planet already formed, ar forming, would be so great that a planet would be hardly able to form at alL That wonld be a region where we wonld expect to find a case of what Dr. Hewell called "a planet spoiled in the making." This expectation was confirmed by the fact tbat jnst inside the path of Jupiter we bad tbe ring of asteroids. Ceming nearer to the Snn, tbe circumstances would be more favourable than in the last case, and midway between Jupiter and the San the conditions would be most favourable for the formation of inner planets. There we would expect to find, what we did find in the case of the Earth, the largest of the inner planets, and one having an attendant moon. Coming nearer still to tbe Sun, the conditions would again become less favourable, and the planets would be smaller, and we wonld expect to find, its velocity being so great,?the planet nearest to the Sun to be the least of all, as was the case with Mercury. Probably between Mercury and the Son there would be a ring of small bodies, like the ring of asteroids. He believed tbat a number of observations, which bad been supposed to relate to an inter- Mercurial planet, really related to a number of very small bodies circulating in a ring between the path of Mercury and the central mass of the Sun. In furtherj support of this theory of meteoric aggregation he instanced Professor Kirkwood's calculations and observations upon the arrangement of the asteroids into distances through the disturbing action of Jupiter, and his oWn subsequent observation of the apparent obedience to a similar law in the ring of . Saturn by the multitude of tiny satellites which, it was now known, formed that ring, in consequence of tbe perturbations caused by the moons of Saturn. . Views of the various planets in their different stages of development, and of the star-depths, followed, the latter being illustrative of the fact that tbe telescopic stars were more richly strewed along the region of the Milky Way, while the star-cloadlets aggregated in regions remote from the Milky Way thus seeming to indicate the existence of some mighty law as yet undiscovered. In conclusion he argued tbat science was in accord with the teachings of religious men of old times. Science impressed npon us the old old qaestion," Canst thon by searching find out God ? Canst thoa find oat the Almighty onto perfection ? Higher tban heaven, what canst thoa do? Deeper than hell, what canst thoa know?" Science gave to this qaestion tbe same answer that was given by men of old times, " We cannot find Him oat." (Load applause.) 