ECHDOA, MOAITA AND ICERANG AdV lETlSEK. (PUBLISHED DATLY.)* Eohooa, Er.idat, April 23, 1830. Happily such. a: sad sight as that, afforded in the Echuca Police Court on Tuesday last,-.when a boy twelve years' of j age was arraigned .for- theft, is of very infrequent occurrence in this district. The case in point was the more painful on account of ;the diminutive stature of.*tho boy, who* ap peared to have hardly emerged from his in fantine days before he had entered on a career., of wilfulness aud crime. The lad Neeson is well-known to most of the towns people, as for years past he ha9 been en gaged in peddling fruit, and has by this means contributed to his parents' support. In being thus thrown upon the world at so tender an age, aud in such a peripatetic oc cupation, the boy has been deprived from the wholesome effects of a home training and influeuce, such as are usually enjoyed by children. The natural consequence was that the child, who deserves pity more than censure, with his imperfectly matured distinctions of morality, and his wish for gain prematurely sharpened by the severe experi ence of poverty, soon had his perceptions of the meam et tuum principle considerably blunted, and thus he gave way to a mo mentarily impulse of easily earning a few shillings by misappropriating his neighbor's property. With regard to the domestic affairs of tUis poor boy we will not deal, but the remarks which fell from Sergeant Hayes at tho Police Court proceedings only tend to intensify tho commisseration for the.lad, the more so us this is not the first instance in which youth has simi Itirly yielded to the impulses of tempta tion. The occurrence should teach a lesson to parents, to keep a watchful eyj over their offspring. Boys are much the same in mind, appearance, and balmviour all the world over, although every fond parent be lieves that his particular son is infinitely superior to all others of the f/eiius. Al though lads vary in propensities, yet very few have a decided character till they have fairly well advanced in their teens, when die cha racter commences to manifest itself. Homo inlluenca enters more largely into the character of a Lid than is generally supposed, and the principles with which he becomes imbued can usually be tracad as existing in one or other ot the parents, and thus becomes, by observance, a portion of the youth's mental self. Either for good or evil, the mother's or father's habits enter deeply into those of their offspring, above all is the mother's teaching ot benefit to the youtb. Though apparently un heeded at the time, and even though the parent believes her counsels have been utterly wasted, yot in after life thoso very teachings frequently prevent the boy or man, as the case may be, from either giving way to crime, or having emerged in in such a course, have 011 many occasions caused bim to pause and ulti mately to retrace his steps before going to such a depth that temporal redemp tion was impossible. By a ehauce pas sage, word, or oven gesture the youth wavering befcweeu the promptings of crime on the one hand and the wamiug voice of liis better nature 011 the other, has frequently been saved from a life long misery by tho recollection of tho precepts taught to liini undor his parental roof. The influence of the mother is all supreme in imparting a healthy and moral tone to tho son, unless tho lattor (which is very seldom the case) is entirely destitute of good characteristics and is heavily handicapped with a weight of bad tendencies. Though the youth may uever even, bo tempted to indulge in Criminality, his home instruction is most beneficial in another direction, where it frequently saves hitn from the misery of a life'of what is nearly, i" not quite, as reprehensible as felony. The youth who leaves his home \riih a weli-bulaneed mind, with a clearly-defined rinowltfdgc of right or wrong, is not at all likely to fall into excesses of drinking, gaining, or licentiousness, for on his fir&S; approach towards any or all of these intemper ances the thoughts of early instruction will probably deter him at the first step, which is always the most dangerous one, as it once passed no other such hard drawn line ol demarcation exists to p 'e | vent his plunginginto debauchery. *£any parents make a terrible mistake in traiu I iug their offspring in a manner too deeply | infused with Puritanic notions, and in a manner entirely iucompatable with juvenile volatility of spirit. By so doing they lead their children to look upou morality as a most gloomy subject. They allow neither dancing, innocent games at cards, chess, draughts or any other pas time which they consider frivolous. The ehlidis supposed to Content itself and be happy at reading lectures, sermons, or other Works on morality. Such youths when they enter upon the world are the qeriest siuipletous in most matters of every day life, aud if they do not; err though ignorance, the chances are that their long submission to t'ue rigid strict ness of the parental rule is only too gladly thrown away, and to a corresponding depth, they plunge into dissipation, and "sow their wild oats" at a most extravagant pcea in their desire to " see life." It is hard to say which is the worsl—too little technical at home or the administration of homilies ail nauseum. But the most prolific source of error on the part of the youths of this colony is attributable to a habit allowed to very deplorable extent. Parents, in the majority of instances, allow their sons to ] wander about in the streets just a3 their in clinations prompt, quite heedless of the undesirable acquaintance with persons and resorts that such youths are liable to con tract. From this reprehensible habit of lads wandering the streets spring more than one-half of the cases of youths going aslray. It is usually found that those parents who carefully study the healthy pleasures of their children by providing innocent games, recreation, and music at home, aud allow a fair amount of indul gence, are blessed with sons who, on reach ing maturity, are looked upon as a credit to the parents, and who are almost in variably honored and respected members of society. Such men honor and respect the parents who thus impart to their minds a tone Which enable the in to resist templa tafcion in its manifold and insiduous as pects. The closer ' approaches the day for the assembling of Parliament, the thicker grow the political rumors. Like so many peas when bursting from, the political pod, the outside public get a view of hitherto iiidden secrets. The Speakorship, of course, attract® many a hungering eye. 'Twere wonder 'twere not a temptation even to Mr. Berry. Sir Charles M'Mahon will go for it, -while Mr. Murray Smith modestly stands in the background. Mr. Lulor is the acclaimed doughty champion of the Opposition, so it is said, aucl will cross swords with time-worn Speaker M'Mahon for the honor of. the position in the cowing Parliament. Next in the series of views is seen the Chairmanship of Committees, a goodly view, with the £800 bag dangling to it; and Mr. Cooper and Mr. Gaunson, both best men in the late political a (Tray, deem their right; insuperable. The former carries Ministerial patronage, and that is much. Tae latter is credited with the pro-' bability of the Opposition support, but what an alien lie has been to their cause, and Berry and Co, and \V00d3 especially, are too human to take the sinner to their bosoms, and make him Chairman. Better take " whip" Gaunson, pocket the in dignity, and accept the baubens. Then comes the stalking ghost, a want of confi dence which is to be moved against the Government, so rumor says, upon their un constitutional proceeding in d slaying the opening of Parliament. Sic transit gloria ■mundl. The .Rivers.—The Murray rivet regis tered at Echuca yesterday 5 feat 7 inches above summer level. At Wahgiinyah, 3 feat 6 inches ; Albury, 3 feet 2 inches ; Swan Hill, 5 feet. i The Goulburn at Seymour, 10 feet 3 inches,, and the Oveus at Waugaratta, '2 fest 3 inohea. - - The Wbathbr.—Rain has been' falling almost continuously ever since Monday night, and up a late hour:last nightgive no appear ance of abatement. All over South Australia and New South Wales (including Riverina) and in Victoria heavy rain has fallen. The Goulburn at Seymour has'risen 10 feet; the Campaspe at Rochester last was nearly .up to the bridge and the lower banks were covered with water.- The rain has caused immense crops of mushrooms to spring inso; exis^oncj in the park. Some of the fliwer gardens have been slightly damaged by the heavy fall of rain. Shipping Notes.—The Kelpie arrived from Balrunald last night. The Golconda, wliich has just returned from Hay, has been purchased by Mr. J. EL Brown. The Lan cashire L333 is,to load cargo for Hay shortly. Water Conservation.— Our Melbourne correspondent wr'tes :—" I understand tint a scheme for the conservation of water in various pans of the colony has already been prepared under the supervision and direction of the hon the Minister o? Minos and Wttor Supply, aud will form the subject of an eariy discussion by the'-Government. Mr Clark's proposals have,'I believe, already received the preliminary approval of his colleagues and there is 110 ground for anticipating that they will suffer-by the fuller.and more formal con sideration which they will receive at the meeting of the Cabineti Worthy of Imitation.—It is; our pleas ing duty to notice another generous act of of Mr Jaeoby's. It will be remembered by many of our readers that some time since that gentleman c-une fo-vard and stained and varnished the partition in the large room of the Mechanics's Institute free of charge. He has since then papered the members' winter room on term? equally as advantageous to the committee. The paper he ha3 chosen is what is known as a silver satin, and is peculiarly adapted for the rooin, being bright and cheerful. Now matting and a hearthrug have been procured, and the secretary thinks that when some kind friend come3 forward wich a cedar mantel piece and a fender or fire-screen, the mem bers' room will compare favorably with any in the colony. Ckickbt.—A match has been arranged with the Torrumbarr/ Club to be played on the Echuca Park cricket ground 011 Saturday next, weather permitting. TheTorrumbarry secretary ha3 not yet forwarded the names of their playero, but their team is known to be a scroug one, and as some of the best players in the Border Club will be unable to play, an easy victory ought to bo gained by the visi tors. The Border team will bo represented by the following players who are requestcl to turn np at I p.m. sharp:—J3radstreet, Dennis, Dorward, Hainpson, H.as3all, Jone', Mills, Noble (2), Seward, and Tatchell. Emergenciesj i&acoboy; and Manltby.j did not appear at all promising, Stock axii Grai:;.—A. correspondent sends nss tho following contribution, irhich will bn raad with iuterot by the farmers :~The fin® rains wo have had lately hate caused the Hurray country tor iome time to experience no want of «rasa or water for the uext sii months. It will uiost likely ba a good sea son and the farmers will need it, as in the future wheat is likely to rule a'c very low rates about Echuca. Your correspondent tuak83 the following calculation Wheat hi? ruled about hero at something like is pgr bushel, at the same tithe it ruled in London about 59i per Quarter, A few weeks a-»o the Londoil market dropped abont 2j pe; Quarter or 3d per bushel, on the receipt of of the new3 wheat fell 3d per bushel in the colony. The difference between the price ot wheat in London and Echuca is 3i 3d. Now | with the prospect of a good harvest wheat is likely to fall in London from 4s to Cs, pnr quarter, which will make the price here3s or 3s 3d per bushel, a v-vy low figure indeed. 'L'he prospect of the stock market is mr.ch better than that of grain. It i3 pleasing to notice how the wealthy classes have acted in forming a company to export meac. butt&r;, fish, &c;: The opening of the Melbourne Exhibition will cause a greater demand for meat so that stock of all kinds are sure to rise. The Railway Statiox. —Tho asplulto which his lately been laid on the Ecliuea railway station platform has now Hardened sufficiently to allow traffic. Since the rain I sot in the asphalte has been found to bo & | great improvement. LiiiPAS IN Horses.—We ara requested to publish tlie following for general informs tion The Animals' Protection Society hav ing had their attention called to a painfnl operation frequently performed ou tha mouth of the horse, for the cure of Iampus referred the matter to Mr, John Stewart' their hon. veterinary surgeon, for his opinion, and the following is hU reply " During the fifty years that I have been attending to the ailments of horses I have never met with a single eve that reqnirod such an operation as that which farriers are iu the habit of performing for the cure of lampas. Very often I have to attend horses whose only ailment is an lnjnry done to tha roof of the mouth by some farrier who has scooped out some portion of it by a red hot iron. I am frequently requested by owners or grooms to burn out the lainpas, bo can a* they prevent the horse from feeding. In some cases I find the horsa has some com plaint which doprives hia of his appetite for food ; in others I find that the lmrse doss not eat his corn because he ha3 never been used to eat anything but grass or h.iy ; in others I find the horse is changing so.no of his back teeth, and refuses corn bsmtise his gum3 are tender. Sometimes I am asked to operate when the hone has nothing whatever the matter with him, but the owner or groom fancies that tho little pad behind the front teeth of the upper jaw is more prominent than it ought to be. In point of fact, it is no higher than it ought to be in a horse of his age. It is naturally and always mncli more prominent in young than in mature or a«'ed horses. I often hear thit the horss be^au to feed immediately after tiie UmpM were burnt out. But I cannot believe all I hear. I know that the pad. however promi nent, never does prevent the hor.^e from feeding. It cannot be touched by the teeth of the lower jaw. Some veterinarians do, occasionally or habitually, burn for tha lampas ; not because the operation is neces sary, but because owners insist upon it. Burning for the lampas has never been sanctioned at any ot the veterinary colleges in the Unitsd Kingdom, nor by aiy modem veterinary author iu the English kujjiwga. The operation is not only (juit j unnecessary, it 13 extremely painful ; and for a Ion;; time afterwards the lior3Q resist-: all attempts to do anything about his month or head. I have never performed the operition myself, nor allowed it to bo done on my premises. —Johs Stewart, V.S., Darlin^hurat Road, Sydney. February 1830. The committee having deliberated, resolved :—1. That this document be printed, and a copy seit to every farrier in town aid country. 2. Tint the inspector be authored to prosecute any person who may hereafter bo found biirnia,' for the lurapas.—0. 0. Mvlbs, Hon. 8jow tary. Animal's Protection Society's O.ILvh, 5 Spring-street, and 53 Elizibeth-jtruet, Sydney." A Singular Incident.—The Iimlewood correspondent of the Beiidigo AJrerlimr says:—Passengers by yesterday'« Kurang coach relate a peculiar incident, al;::u5t incredible. It is that on arrival at '.1 nvli inston, 14 miles from Keraug, where the liric change takes place, a hen was found perched on the uudorcarriage of the coach, it bavin* remained there where it had gone to nwa t the night previous in the yard of ChIIou'j Hotel. The hen did not attempt to leave while the coach was at Hawkin3toii, so she was left there for the curiosity of tlia thing, and the journey wa3 resumed towarda Dur ham Ot, 18 miles further on, arrived »t whioh, the poor hen wa3 still found oa her shaky perch covered with the wet and ai'w of the numerous bog holes the ooaoh hid plunged through. She was then remove 1, otherwise it is believed she woul I have re mained there to the end of the journey. The Financial Position-.—Gf.-eat straw ha*: been laid by soma of our contemporaries (says the Argus) upon Mr Cuthberc's reply to the deputation which waited upon him uo Tuesday, with regird to the stock tax. flnftihnrfc. however, onlv ijavB what is no* the ordinary departmental answer t" appli cations for grants, or for remission of tui tion. The Premier has raqrusteJ his cjI leagues to ba particularly cautious in co,,i' milting the Ministry either to ,the o:ia step or the other, for reasons which ha expl=M to a deputation yesterday, Tlu t ires levii.i by the Harry Governmsnt imw not only i"'* posed, but they aro pledged to an aiii*»ifit far above their receipts. -Money will w scarcer than ever so far as the Treasure concerned next year, for there will bo 11 cieocy of considerably over a quart-.-r «i a million of money, and the qu»aiiou which tho Premier has to deal with i3 lion to avoM new taxation. Mr Service expressed a stref'S opinion yesterday that the colony is over" taxed, and that its burdens must not bo increased,1 and consequent!}' that thers must be a rigid economy in all directions. To tha stock tax . the leading members of (!"> Ministry are as strongly opposed as fl''eri but- the question as to its imme Jiate repwl of its continuation for a short tiuie wiil not "e disposed of by the Cabinet until tJio for the ens'iing year are under review. Evu^f effort will then be made to give relief to dm mining, the agricultural, and the fellttiouijor/ industries, by putting each upon a fair b-ljU but at present the Treasurer is wholly occu pied in stemming extravagance and a threatened financial catastrophe, a",. / has to ask his co.'leagies to promiss aj h - as possible until tho Cabinet has been con sulted. The SsnF-Co.YFessEp iSfpaDBRER.— man Coulchard, who, on the 22nd last, gave himself into the custody o» police on a confession of having tout ^, his wifo in England, still remains c.oaai, in the Ynss gaol, and uo information boon received by the loed authorities the steps taken to ascertain the truth or_ _ . hood of his dtateiiienfc. Up to the p ^ timy, states the Tuss Courier or r0ii'. Cculthard alfirins the truthfulness of fesaion he made in January last, a-i ' ou ily inquires as to whether ?? , j J, cideiicj has been received from , = fun- weeks heiicu we suppose th" o■ course by post will brini; Par"c, of his guilt or otherwise. iJy «0 jD no his time reading, and when spfk-'1 jerr;tjl0 way appears to shtiii reference to t <j ^ ^ crime with the perpetration of wflic charged himself, 