A Grim Joke. The iulinbitinits of u small loivnship fiimnlcd not nidretliiiii llicorlhmlox 'mie hnndrid miles' from Murrainlr.-.rr.-ili hnvo gnined grealsr notoriety by their inis chi'Toiis propensities tliiiu by nther qualifieiiLioiis, nml they nre -le.tonuineil, a-- fur :is in thpin lieth, lo niuinlaiu their -'X»lt«Bl. rt'putiitinn, ut lenst so il. ivuiiM snem liy Ihe fnllouiuj;: — One dny lately nil ooi le.niuciiv hi lmi- Lunimuip uejjfiricil from l!iit- life, and befora Ihe burial look place s»mc of ihe residents nsAomhleil lo hold a ' wake' Previous lo thin, how ever, Ihu niaiiiifaclure of a coffin was en li listed in tho bauds fl a second-rate tradesman, but when finished it wna not cfiisiieriw) of very elegant jjnipcrlioiis l-r those in authority, and vas c -nilenmed, the carpenter nceiviug inslrncii'in- to exciu:.s« liis ingenuilv in ihe Dlikint; n! a «oe.ond box. This one suited belter, and tbc corpse wus laid out according to tiuin-hoiionri'd fushioii. und K'fl in a pritalo rconi to await the introeting ceremony. In the ninnutiiu.i an in diviilnal posscsscii will) nn ardent lnyu for Walker's whiskey fell into I lie bauds of a lew larrikins, and w(ii unije so hi.|p |...4sy ill u ii It tli.it his (roubles lvtT.- a pleasure lo him. Tl.is indivitlunl wus put iu the ' condc-nme.d ' Ci'lhii, coven d over »iih ihelid, mill jilncoii in ihe room wlieiv tlie wake wns In lie hcM, the corpso of Ihu den.1 -man boiui; rcm .ve.l. This took phicc in Lhc isvi'iiinj,', (im) shortly nfi'inar.is the friends ol the laic Mr. M ? ns3uinbled to ue.lelirnlu the waku, nnd indnlgi! in tbe festivities usual on such nccn-jiuiis. Things wont iilnng gaily while the in'lividual in lin- cofliu wak sleeping thu deaJ slofp of— well, not of ihe virtuous; but presently tin: effects. of the whiskey began to wear off, und tbo supposed corpse, simultaneously gnvn a deep groun uud a kick. Tlio imoiii whs cleared ii. an instunl and in the scramb'd for exit from the land of ghosts the ' welters' quite forgot tu take with them their hats and umbrellas. One young ?nun is supposed lo bo travelling across ihi! hills nl railway rate yet, and two others have hecn anxiously searched after by their lady lovers, — Tomorn Leader. 