Mr. Brassey on tlie Colonial Empire. Mr. Brassey, M.P. for Hastings, delivered a lecture on January 21, in the Bradford Mechanics Institute, to a large audience on our Colonial Empire. The cliair was taken by Mr. Henry Mitchell, president of the Bradford Chamber of Commerce. : Mr. Brassey, having shown the importance of our colonial trade, traced the growth of the colonies themselves, and showed how essential were our foreign possessions for the supplies of food which they furnish to the teeming popula tion of these islands. He called attention to the unprotected condition of our foreign naval stitions, and examined the question how their defence was to be secured. In commenting upon the protection of our commerce upon the high seas, he expressed his view that it should be the policy of the British Government to make it as far as possible self-defending. Illustrating the necessity of arousing fhe Government to action, the hon. member said :—" The aanual value of the foreign commerce of this country, as shown by the Board of Trade returns, ex ceeds 600 millions sterling. To this should be added for the shipping a sum which would bring the total amount at stake, in the event of war, to more than 650 millions sterling. Now, if it could be shown that, with an expenditure of less t.li mi a million, our coaling stations could be made secure, could any Government Btand excused before the country which would hesitate to apply to Parliament for the funds retired for such a purpose ? Under our popular system of Government nothing is done except in defer ence to external pressure. Agitation is too often the necessary preliminary to all administrative or legislative action. In appealing to the Chamber of Commerce of Bradford, I seek to make use of my present opportunity for a patriotic and practical purpose. We are here to-day on a neutral platform in the centre of a great hive of industry. We acknowledge our dependence on our foreign commerce, and we think it our duty to arouse the Government to a sense of their responsibility for the security of our trade. We stand here to-day to dis charge a still higher duty, to proclaim to our sons and our brethren, who have gone forth from our shore3 to settle in the distant de pendencies of the Crown, that we admire and are thankful for the energy they have displayed in turning wildernesses into gardens, and in spreading their flocks and their herds over the prairies of North America and the boundless plains of the antipodes.' They are rapidly form ing themselves into new nations, but we trust that they may be long content to live together with us beneath the mild and equal sway of our -tTT-tr-rni"—H il n"-f-rfTT*l iiiiiiI nin hi Tint send it forth as a message from Bradford that, so far as it depends ou us, we claim no right of interference with their concerns, while, on the other hand, we are ever ready to obey then* call for help. We think that the union of the Anglo-Saxon race is a mutual benefit to all the members of the family. Within a period of time so recent that it seems but the yesterday of history, we have seen the Italians and the Germans united under tne Government. We recognise the accession of influence which these nationalities have gained. More lately still we have felt the pressure of Sclavonic ambition. We have watched the progress of these events without apprehension for ourselves, because we have had confidence in one another. Our com munities may be scattered over all the earth. It is our pride and glory that they are ; because, while we remain united by one deep national sentiment, and England is still a home to all her sons, there is not weakness, but strength, in the wide extent of our Colonial Empire." (Cheers.( A charge of abducting a girl under 16 years of age was preferred at the City Police Court, Melbourne, on Monday against JosephThotapson, aged 30 years, who was recently employed as a groom at Moian's Hotel, Woolsthrope, near WarrnambooL The girl was Martha Beggs, step-daughter of the landlord, and from the evidence it appeared that she would not be 16 years of age until June next. She stated that the prisoner, on ruiniug her character, in duced her to elope with him, and that they came by coach and rail to Melbourne. They lived for several days here in an hotel and afterwards in a boarding-house, where the prisoner was arrested by Detective Considine on the 1st inst. The case was adjourned for further evidence as to the age of the girL A Traveller, going to bed, was surprised to see a ghost, which—or who—in a sepulchral tone began, " I am the spirit of one who was foully murdered here." " That'B no business of mine,'' said the raveller' turning round on his pillow ; " apply to the proper quarters. Good night." 