THE FAMINE IN IRELAND. The meeting at the Masonic Hall last Monday night, for the purpose of initiating a movement in New South Wales, for the relief of the dis tressed Irish peasantry, was a most enthusiastic one, the hall being completely crowded, even standing room being unobtainable. The chair was taken by his Worship the Mayor, Mr. R. Fowler, and there were on the platform — Hon. Sir Alfred Stephen, Lieutenant - Governor, K.G.M.G., M.L.C. ; Sir Georgo Wigram Allen, K.C.M.G. ; his Grace Archbishop Vaughan ; Sir doiin nay, ; non. vv imam uiacleay, M.L.C. ; Rov. Rabbi Davis ; Mr. Thomas Buck land ; Hon. W. B, D alley, M.L.C. ; Rev. James Jefferis, LL.B. ; P. A. Jennings, C.M.G-. ; S. W. Gray, M.L.A. ; John See, J.P. ; Hon. Jolm Marks, M.L.O. j his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett ; Captain Mathieu, C. G. of France ; Mr. Michael Fitzpatrick, M.L.A. ; Captain Cave (Fr.) ; Cap tain Charles, M.L.A. ; Yery Rev. Dean Sheridan, V.G. ; Monsignor Lynch ; Yery Rev. Dean Kenny ; Rev. P. Quirk ; Rev. M. H. Ryan ; Rev. P. J. Mahony; Mr. G-. Dibbs; Messrs. John Davis, M.L.A. ; Montague Lovey, J.P. ; E. E. Waters ; Alfred Bennett ; J. M. Lynch ; J. F. Burns, M.L.A. ; James Mom man, M.L.A. ; Daniel O'Connor, M.L.A. ; Alderman Hordern, T. Butler, P. Higgins, R. Prendergast, F. J. M'Carthy, J. Garvan, W. Ellard ; P. Hogan, J.P. ; P. Stanley, J.P. ; B. G-aifney, James Toohey, Alderman Meoks, J. G-. O'Ryan, J. H. Heaton, T. M. Slattery (Prothonqtary), E. G-. Ellis, John T. Toohey, Jolm Hourigan, J.P. ? Dr. Gilhooly, Dr. Ii larkey, Mr. J. Vicars, Messrs. j Alderman Chapman, J.P. ; J. Dalton, J.P. Tho Chairman said he had a letter from Lord Loftus, enclosing a cheque for £25. (Applause.) In this letter he expressed great interest in the object of the meeting that night. He had also a letter from Messrs. Fairfax and Sons, enclosing a cheque for £100. (Loud Applause.) Ho had a letter from the late Mayor, expressing his regret at his inability to attend, aud enclosing a cheque for £5 5s. He had also one from Mr. Sebastian Hodge, enclosing a chequo for £2. and expressing his regret at being unable to be present. They were aware that they were assembled there that evening fo endeavour to benefit a race who were remarkable for their hospitality : and, although very many eminent writers had said many hard things concerning Ireland, it was generally admitted that they could walk from ouo end of the island to tho other without a sixpence in their pocket3, and ho did not think that they could be better employed than in helping those who were so ready to help others. (Cheers.) Mr. O'Connor said he thought tho letter of his Excellency ought to be read to those present, and he then read it as follows : — ' Government House, January 12, 1880 ' Sir, — I beg to express to you, and request you to communicate to the meeting at which you are to preside to-day, my heartfelt appreciation of tho generous feelings which have moved her Majesty's subjects of Sydney to come forward to the assistance of their distressed and suffering fellow-countrymen in Ireland. It is not the fkst time that tho citizens of Sydney have evinced their noble sympathy on behalf of suffering humanity, and the generous aid they are now about to render will not only elicit tlie gratitude of tho Irish people, but it will strengthen those national bonds of fraternal friendship which bind them together with their brethren as members of one family. It will also remain an imperish able memorial of their patriotism, and of their generous liberality to tho Irish nation in the dark hour of its distress. ' I beg to enclose a chequo for £25 as my sub scription to the fund in aid of distress in Ireland, and I beg to remain, Sir, 'your obedient servant, ' Augustus Loftus. 'The Right Worshipful the Mayor of Sydney.' Sir Alfred Stephen moved the first resolution aB follows That this meeting having heard of the great distress existing among vast numbers of our fellow subjects in Ireland, desires to express its deep sympathy with tho sufferers.' He then said : The object that brings us to gether this evening, and the feeling that evidently pervades this vast assemblage are such that it would ill become mo — and it is certainly not my intention — were I to address you at any length. As I recollect the facts, it was doubted at first whether the alleged distress in Ireland was so great as it now turns out to be. It is now generally admitted on all hands that that distress is exceedingly great, pervading large districts of Ireland ; and probably at this moment thare are some thousands of our fellowcountry men with all the horrors before them of impend ing famine. Men, women, and children are suffering to such a horrible extent that imagina tion fails to depict tho extent of the misery. And not only has the famine in itself affected the immediate' victims of it, but it is almost invari ably followed by disease and eventually death in itB most horrible form. The pestilence is in the train of famine, and as we know this, surely it requires no argument and no eloquence of mine whatever to induce us, tho inhabitants of this great, wealthy, and happy colony, to extend to all that relief which alone can save them from misery and death. (Cheers.) The resolution ?with which I have been honoured is simply one expressing the deep sympathy of the inhabitants of this colony with the distress that there pre vails, There will be by other speakers something more important than this submitted calling upon you and all of us to show practically what our degree of sympathy is. (Cheers.) I do not think it becoming on any oocaaion of this kind for any individual to speak at all of himself ; and all I have to say is that I rejoice from my heart to see this vast assemblage, and the feeling which per vades every one, It is creditable to the inhabi tants of the colony, and I feel proud that I am a colonist, every inch of me. (Loud applause.) I have already said that it would not be credit able to me or respectful to you to trespass on your time, and hence will content myself with moving tho resolution intrusted to me. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) The Hon. W. B. Dalley, who on rising v/as received with loud cheers, seconded the resolution. He said it is hardly necessary, on such an occa sion as this — indeed it would be to some extent an impertinence — fco trespass upon your patience by an attempt to enforce the urgency of such a claim as that which is now mado upon your com passion and your sympathy. (Applause.) The spectacle of a chivalrous, affectionate, suffering body of our fellow citizens in danger of starva tion is too affecting, and too awful to form the subject of any address, or to become the theme of any impassioned appeal to the pity and gene rosity of mankind. The people of this country have abundantly and repeatedly shown to the world that no cry of suffering, from the most distant portion of the Empire, has leen here un heard or unanswered — no want unrelieved, no claim upon our charity disregarded. We have established an indisputable title to the world's esteem by manifesting a genuine, a hearty, and au active sympathy with all who have (in the inscrutable judgments of Heaven) been the vic tims of great national calamities in all parts of the world. (Cheers.) It has been our pride and our consolation that wo have been privileged to take {Dart in many generous public movements having for their object to lessen the sum and to qualify tho bitterness of tho sufferings of not only the citizens of our own great Empire, but of those whose only claim upon our pity was based upon our common humanity. We are now invited to come to the relief of a people whose bitter lot it seems to bo, and to have long been, to have an exceptional share of privations and sufferings — of a people who have, amidst many national sorrows and distresses, done at all events their part of the noble labour of founding, enlarging, I consolidating, and governing the mighty Empire of which it is our greatest distinction to be citi zens — (cheers) — of a people who have been as profuse of their genius as of their blood in the service of our common country. (Applause.) Our Sovereign herself has, with merciful and characteristic promptitude, gracefully given to her subjects an example of royal munificence and queenly compassion in her offering to the fund which has been organized for this relief. And we shall best testify our pity, our charity, and our loyalty by imitating her illustrious example. (Loud and prolonged applause.) The resolution was unanimously carried. Archbishop Yauglian, v/ho was received with prolonged cheering, said : — Your Worship, ladies and gentlemen, — When Mr. Alderman O'Connor came to me one day last week, and requested me in the name of the committee to attend this meeting, and to speak to one of the resolutions, I accepted that invitation with sentiments of the profoundest sympathy. When I had a few moments to myself I began to think over the terrible calamity which has befallen, and is be falling our Irish brethren at home, and to realize, as well as I could, the urgency of the situation. The issue of my silent meditation v/as simply this : I had determined from the first to give a handsome subscription, now I am firmly resolved to double it. I felt myself called upon to make a sacrifice, to beg of your Worship to accept, as my contribution, £100. Ladies and gentlemen, the resolution entrusted to my advocacy is to the following effect ' That a fund for the relief of the_ sufferers be now formed, to be called the ' Irish Distress Relief Fund,' and that the pro ceeds bo forwarded to the Right Worshipful the Lord Mayor of Dublin, as soon as possible by the hon. treasurers ?' Now, there is a saying in Italy which I believe is full of truth ; the Italians say, Sicimo tutii falti clella stessc pctstu} we are all made of the same paste — human nature is much the same all the world over. (Cheers.) Such being the case, it crosses my mind that those thoughts which had the effect of urging me to double my subscription, might not be without their influence with others, and that, possibly, I might speak effectually to my resolution by simply, and with ail simplicity, bringing out be fore you, as briefly as I can what those thoughts were. The first image that presented itself be fore my mind in thinking of Ireland was that of the great Daniel O'Connell. (Cheers.) Those two thoughts are inseparable. I saw before me that king of men and tribune of the people stand ing in all the majesty of his manly strength and beauty ; his very physique bearing witness to the vigour of his brain and the power of his large and tender heart. (Cheers.) I could see him standing before me, strong as a tower that ' stands four square to every wind that blows.' I asked myself, How did that strong man come to die ? I found that he died of a broken heart. He was struck down by the great Irish famine of 1846-7. ' His enpiereed breast Sharp sorrows did in thousand, pieces rive ' at the sight or the people he loved with ouch fierce tenderness wasting away in thou sands through, starvation and disease. (Cheers.) I thought it a wonderful thing to contemplate so sturdy a man, one so fearless, being pros trated, and wholly broken, by the sor rows of his people, Then I asked myself how came it that O'Connell was so overcome by the great calamity of the famine of 1846-7 P And I answered myself : because ho had an intimate knowledge of the peasantry of Ireland, and thero ioi e lie loved them passionately ; and bccauso ho had witnessed with his own eyes tho appalling sufferings of those lie loved. Could I, I thought0, only got some knowledge of that people, some thing like what ho had, could I but fix my eyes on their distress, then I should be able to weep with him, and love them and assist them all I oould. I then thought over in my mind ull j. knew of that wonderful people, especially of the g peasantry. I remember their singular generosity s of character, their courage, their humanity, e (Cheers.) I remember what Curran said : ' The hospitality of other countries is a matter of necessity or convention — in savage nations of the first, in polished of the latter — but the hospitality of an Irishman ia not tho running account of tho posted and ledgered I courtesies as in other countries ; it springs, like 1 all his qualities, lii3 faults, his virtues, directly 1 from the heart. The heart of the Irishman is by ( nature bold, and lie confides ; it is tender, and i he loves ; it is generous, and he gives ; it is social, i and. he is hospitable.' (Loud cheers.) So much i for Irishmen in general, and from long personal ( experience I can vouch for its truth. But, what i about the peasant class in particular ? I re- i member a passage from Giles, who had an in- 1 timate knowledge of this remarkable class. He . says : ' The peasant in Ireland exercised a ( peculiar and sacred order of hospitality, strange 1 to the nobility and wealthy. Such hospitality is ] mentioned in the Gospel — hospitality which 1 reckons amongst its guests the poor, the maimed, i the lame, the blind, and which has its reward in heaven. These classes in Ireland had not merely a share in the humble man's feast ; they had also their pittance out of his scarcity. Daily lie i divided with some of them his food, and nightly i he shared with some of them his roof. None ' more than the humble Irish seemed to keep ] constantly in mind that Clmst was supplicant in I each person of the destitute ?; and well did their treatment of the destitute anticipate that last address : ' I was an hungered, and ye gave me meat ; I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink ; I was sick, and ye visited me ; I was in prison, and ye came unto me.' ' How beautiful, how sur passingly touching, I thought within myself, is not all this ! And then I remembered reading in some speech of John Bright's that the Irish in America alone, during the space of sixteen short years, I think it was between 1848 and 1864, sent back over the waters to their friends and relatives at home thirteen million pounds sterling ! Their bravery and humanity are equal to their generosity. I am speaking still principally of the peasant class. 1 chanced, only two days ago, to look into the History of the Seige of Limerick ; and I came across one fact of gallantry, humanity, and daring which I do not think could be equalled in the aunals of military warfare. A breach had been burst in the walls of the city. An attack was made. But the garrison repulsed the attack with such impetuosity that the enemy retreated and were followed to their camp. In the melee the English hospital was set on fire. What did these Irish soldiers do, these soldiers who had been drawn from the peasant class of their country ? They forgot the enemy ; they rushed in amongst, the flames, and did not desist till every wounded Englishman and Brandenburger had been carried away from danger, and had been put in a place of safety until they had effectually extinguished the flames which were raging in the building. (Loud cheers.) Having done that, they fought their way back into their stronghold. When I had thought over all these things, I began to realize how it was that O'Coimell loved his people with such passionate attachment. (Hear, hear.) Their generosity, self-forgetfulness, courage, humanity, their love of poetry, of song ; the dark shadow thrown aero 3S their history, the beauty of their father land, brought to my mind the words of the poet : — ' 'What ilood reflects a shore so sweet As glorious Boyne or past'ral Ban ? Or who a friend or foe could meet So generous as an Irishman ?' Now, surely, it is but natural to feel very keenly when such a race as this is suffering acutely for no fault of their own. One's very love and admiration of them makes one feel all the more vehemently for them. I will not weary or sadden you, ladies and gentlemen, by a long account of the sorrows of the Irish people, but the effect would not be complete if I did not ask you to bear with me whilst I tell you some other thoughts that .passed through my mind. I will select three of them. I remembered, then, iu studying the poet Spenser, one passage in his prose works which 1 have never forgotton. He had been presented with 3000 acres of land, part of the Desmond property, which had been con fiscated. This was in the sixteenth century. Spenser, who himself, if we may believe Bon Jonson, died from lack of bread, visited his estate, and describes the peasants thus : ' Out of every corner of the woods and glynnis they came creeping forth upon their hands, for their legs could not bear them. They looked like anatomies of death — thoy spake like ghosts crying out of their graves — they ate the dead carrion, happy when they could find them ; yea, and one another soon after ; insomuch that the very carcasses they spared not to scrape out of their graves.' What could possibly be more frightful than that picture ? 1 turned from it. I remembered the famines of 1739, 1741, and 1741, of which history says little. In 1744, 400,000 Irishmen are said to have perished from want. One small village buried 500. For a time they subsisted on grass, docks, and nettles. I have seen,' Gays an eyewitness, ' the labourer endeavouring to work at his spade, but fainting for want of food, and forced to quit it. I have seen the aged father eating grass like a beast, and in the anguish of his soul wishing for his dissolution. I have seen the helpless orphan exposed on the dunghill, and none to take him in for fear of infection ; and I have seen the hungry infant sucking at the breast of the already ex pired parent. Tho famine of 1847 afforded mo similar pictures of heartrending distress. (Hear, hoar.) I recalled the efforts of the people in 1846 to make good the losses of the previous year. I remembor the fiorce energy with which they worked. (Cheers.) I recollect tho blasting of their hopes, when in one single night tho green crop over hill and in the fertile valley was shri velled and blackened by tho universal blight, j The population wore literally driven into thdr ;raves. Their former energy had turned to a tolid, silent despair. It was a common sight to ee the cotter and his family sitting on the fence -f tlicir little holding, looking silently and with a /acant stai'e upon the black crop of blighted pro nise, which they had worked hard to plant, but vhich was rotten in the1 earth. Ifou might iddress them, and they would not speak ;o you. You might try to cheer them, jut it was too late. They felt their hour lad come, and that they had to follow others -,o the grave. One might crawl away, it night, and rest in some doorway out of the moonlight ; on opening the door in the morning, ;lic servant, or master of the house, found a Jorpse. The spirit had departed to its everlast ing rest. Others would lie down to dream of 'easting end fulness, and -wake up to starve and ;o die- It seemed as if the peasant world of Ireland, that noble racc, wao absolutely coming .0 an end.' These were some of the thoughts svhich passed through my mind, some of the pictures that presented themselves. But what liave they to do with the present distress P I Hound they had much to do with it. For I remembered, first, that all famines are much the same in their aspects of distress, and that, when [ thought hov/ much tlie Irish people had suf fered in the past, I fjlt all the more moved to issiat them in their present necessity. (Cheers.) Secondly, I could in some way measure the present exigency by the exigencies of former Limes ; and I came to the conclusion that the present position of the Irish people at home calls more loudly than ever for our prompt assistance. (Cheers.) Thank God, we do not know what famine is here ; but v/e do know what flood is. Add our own floods to that of Irish famine — add starvation from hunger to starva tion from cold, wet, and exposure, and you have a picture of the present distress. Add what you know yourselves to what I have described, and you will then be able, in part at least, to grasp the necessi ties, the crying wants of the present ease, (Cheers.) I can see now, in imagination, a peasant family in Ireland. The old man and his wife, and his son and his wife, and the little children. . The early promise of a crop has ended in blight and rottenness ; the little field of corn is under water ; the cot in which they live is soaked with the winter's rain ; and shrieks with the winter wind. There is no smoke from the big chimney — for there is no fire — the turf is soaked, and is melting into a black slime. They are all shivering in damp rags, huddled together — you can scarcely say they have any clothes. Look at the old man. He wears the Victoria Cross. He battled in tho trenches of the Crimea, and his brothers, and those before him — they were always to the front where the British flag was — (loud cheers) — always ready for the for lorn hope, to spill their lives for the glory of tlie Empire. (Cheers.) Look at the younger woman, She cannot last long. All her children are not with lier. One fell in South Africa, and she wept as bitter teara as any Empress wept over the corpse of her only son. (Cheers.) Another is in Australia free- selecting, active, energetic, and well to do ; the rest are around her knee begging for food, which she cannot give to them. I seem to see three hands stretched out towards Australia ; a child's, a woman's and a man's. The child's is not plump like other chil dren's, but more like a bird's claw ; the woman's is so thin, her marriage ring is quite loose upon her finger ; the man's bunds are stretched out and clasped. And I hear the younger woman cry out ' O you, who live amidst flocks and herds, amidst cornfields and vineyards, in a land in whose bosom the gold dwells — ye English, for whom our family have fought, in many a bloody field, send us some succour quickly. (Cheers.) Ye Scotch, who belong to the same wide Empire-— (cheers) — do not forget ub ; and you Irish, O you, my countrymen ! Miseremini raei misevemini mei saltern vos amid quia mantis Domini tetiffit one — have mercy on me, have mercy on me, at least you my friends, for tho hand of the Lord hath touched me.' (Cheers.) Your worship, ladies, and gentlemen, let not a great peasantry perish ; no one can re place them ; or in the sweet words of one of Ireland's sweetest poets : — ' Hard fares the land to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay ; Princes and lords may flourish or may fade, ' .. ; A breath can mate them, as a breath has made, But a bold peasantry, their country's pride, When once destroyed can never be supplied.' (Cheers.) I beg to propose the resolution en trusted to me, and, I may add, that I intend to have collections made in all the churches of the archdiocese in aid of this same distress. Sir George Wigram Allen, in seconding tlie resolution, expressed his deep sympathy with tho object which had called this meeting together. (Cheers.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried amidst cheers. Sir John Hay submitted a motion for the appointment of a number of gentlemen (including the Mayor and all the aldermen and several other gentlemen) to form a committee for tho purpose of carrying out the foregoing resolutions. He wa3 quite sure that tho eloquent speeches that had just been delivered had found an echo in the hearts of all present. (Applause.) He would not address those of Irish birth and Irish blood. It wan not necessary that thoy should be spoken to on an occasion liko this. Ho desired rather to address himself to those whose ances tors had lived on tho other sido of the Channel. (Hear, hear.) He wished to enlist the sympathy or Englishmen, and of his own countrymen — the Scotch people. (Applauso.) Ho felt sure that ho would not havo to E3k thorn in vain to join with those of: Irish birth in assisting in the alleviation of the distress which now existed in Ireland. They all belonged to the one great Empire (cheers) — and if they wero true to one another, oven such a calamity 'as that which was now pressing upon tho beautiful island of Erin would be mitigated or averted. (Applause.) Ho was auro that in tho nineteenth century wo need not fear oven the death-dealing hand of starvation in p,ny part of tho Empire, Ho could : see, from the ovol^crowded state of the meeting, that the movement had impressed itself upon the people, and he felt sure that the fund, -which had been started, would receive the warmest and most practical support. (Cheers ) ivlr. P. A. Jennings seconded the resolution. A few days before, at a preliminary meeting, ?which led to tho calling of this one, he ventured to express tho opinion that the people of Sydney would display in this instance the good feeling and benevolence they had always shown when such an appeal as this had been made to them. He had ventured to hope that tho people of Syd ney who had contributed po generously for the relief of sufferers from famine in India and floods in France would respond nobly in this ease, and he was glad that, so far, the result had justified his anticipations. (Applause.) It was a melan choly circumstance that such an appeal had to be made, and he would perhaps be pardoned for ?feeling the painful character of the appeal be cause he was an Irishman, and because he had ?witnessed some of the fearful effects of the famine of 1843. If anything gave the people of Ireland encouragement in their dire distress it should be Hie_ knowledge of the fact that people of all nations, races, and creeds were associating to re lieve them, and that the speakers who had that night preceded him in moving and seconding the resolutions, and those who were to follow him were all Australians, Englishmen, or Scotchmen, hut none the less warm sympathisers with the people of Ireland. '(Loud applause.) It was a gratifying fact that such a spontaneous response had been made in our midst, and that such generous sentiments had been uttered there that night. Although we were not by any means the first of the Australian cities that had called meetings for this purpose — Adelaide, Brisbane, and Melbourne having taken the initiative — he did not believe that any other colony would be ahead of us in point of substantial donations. (Cheers.) It was, perhaps, one of the greatest blessings that we enjoyed at this moment — that , telegraphic agency could be evoked to send at once the amount of money that might be contri buted to relieve without delay the distress which existed in Ireland. Every £1 given now would be worth £5 given sis months hence. (Hear, hear.) He had been informed that the amount would he- transferred to England free, and that he believed to be an act of sympathy that the monetary institutions did not always get credit for. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The chairman announced the receipt of the following letter from the Colonial Secretary : — ' Colonial Secretary's Office, ' Sydney, January 12, 1880. ' Dear Sir, — I regret that it will not be in my power to be present at the meeting this evening for tlie relief of the distress in Ireland. My sympathies are entirely with the movement. ' Your obedient servant, ' Henry Paekes. ' John T. Toohey, and D. O'Connor, Esqs.' Mr. O'Connor also stated that the manager of the Bank of Australasia had undertaken to send the following day a telegram to London, advising the immediate payment in London of the money collected here. The B. Davis said that, after the man ner of liis'brder, he would read his text, from which, also after of his order, he might stray. Of course, he meant the resolution which he had the pleasure to submit, and which he was sure they woidd receive with as much enthusiasm as those proceeding it, namely. — ' That the Bight Worshipful the Mayor (Mr. R. Fowler) of the city of Sydney, and Mr. P. A. Jennings, G. M. G-. be appointed hon. treasurers to the Irish Distress Belief Fund, and that Mr. John T. Toohey, and Mr. D. O'Connor. M.L.A., act as hon. secretaries.' (Applause.) It was not long since in this very hall he took part in appealing to their impressible natures, and through them to those of the sym pathetic people of the colony, on behalf of the starving millions in India. (Applause.) He had again the honour — for he did count it as an honour to be allowed the opportunity of speak ing before a large and influential audience like this on that estimable quality ' which makes the whole world akin' — to move a resolution of a similar character, though in this instance touching nearer home. (Applause.) He had been asking himself, while wending his way hither this evening, how it was that, as a Hebrew citizen, he had been entrusted with one of a string of resolutions calculated to harrow up their sensitive feelings with a dread tale of famine, and give a voice to that distress again unhappily raging in the oft-celebrated isle of Erin. (Applause.) And he had come to the curious conclusion that it was because he was a descendant — ao far as he knew, for he might possibly be one of the lost ten tribes thought by many to be found in the Anglo-Saxon race -the descendant of that Joseph who took so noble a part m days of yore in saving many countries from perishing from famine, that he had the privilege of lifting up his voice once more, for those who have to bide the pelting of the pitiless storm now so severely felt in the land of the O'Connell and the O'Donohoe, where in place of cheerful plenty there are now found houseless heads, unfed sides, lean abstinence, pale grief, and haggard care, the dire atten dants upon gaunt and ugly famine. (Applause.) He v/as aware that there were a goodly number who looked upon a visitation like this as a heavenly chastisement — who, liko the Rev. Canon M'Neile, consider a famine tho rod of Cod. (Groans and hisses.) He must say that was not his opinion. He thought that in presence of a dire calamity like this, all it becamo us to do as fueling and compassionate men was to listen to tho cry and hasten to tho relief. (Applause.) When we were living under tho sunshine of prosperity, it v/as not for us to trace tho finger of God in national disaster ; when we enjoy many comforts, when neither present nor prospective famine stares us in the face, when v/e have plenty and to spare, when no carldng care disturbs our rest nor makes us fear tho morrow, it was not our business to pit in judgment upon the suffering. Nor was it for us to set in down to other than natural causes, to bad seasons, to scanty harvests, and to tho high rate of interest. Since we found that the Irish farmers had been lending money to each other at 20 per cent., which loans none are ablo to meet. No, ex tinguish rather, he said, oh, humanly extinguish the light of our reason, when it would darken our charitable instincts ; for no quality more highly adorns human nature. It is man's noblest gratification while living, and his ablest pleader before tho Throne of Glory. (Applause.) Practise it, then, in this instance, for the best preacher was the heart, the best teacher was time, tho best book was the world, and tho best intercessor was flowing charity when put forth to the relief of genuine distress. (Loud and continued applause.) The Bev. James Jefferis, who was received with loud cheering, said that the speakers who had gone before him had amply proved, if proof were needed, the existence of wide- spread dis tress in Ireland, and he, an Englishman, with, lie hoped, true British sympathies — (cheers) — was there to-night to plead the cause of his fellow citizens in Ireland. (Cheers.) He had learned from that Book which he regarded as his text book on morality that if one member suffered all the members were to suffer with it, anc!. he took that to mean that it was not mere barren sym pathy which was to be expressed, but right down genuine practical benevolence. (Cheers.) We belonged to a commonwealth of nations. Refer ence had already been made to this. Our coun try was one that had been formed and that had reached its high pitch of power and renown by means of the fusion of races, — Anglo-Saxon and Jute, and Roman and Norman and Dane; we had been mixed and amalgamated together in such a way that it would puzzle a physiologist to determine our origin. But the Celt of Ireland was not mixed with tlie Empire like that. (Cheers.) He counted it to be the bitterest and the most disastrous fact in the history of this empire, and pregnant with danger and perhaps sorrow and shame in the future, that the separation between the races was still maintained. (Cries of ' Mo ' and ' Yes.') But should he as an Englishmen, believing in this unity of races, reproach the Celt because lie had not joined the Saxon ? Rather would he do honour to the intense individuality which refused to be absorbed in another people. (Cheers.) But as an Englishman be was bound to plead for the mitigation of this separation, and he found the very noblest opportunity possible on an occasion like this. (Hear, hear.) He counted it a libel upon our nation and upon our peeple when it was said that the English people hated the Irish, (Hear, hear, and some exclamation which provoked cries of ' silence.') He believed that it v/as utterly unfounded. (Loud cheers.) He believed it was as utterly unfounded as the charge that English Christianity hated Irish Christianity — (hear, hear, and cheers) — and ho believed that the English people and the British Parliament were doing their best at this present time, by moderation and by the wise policy of genuine stetesmansliip, to mitigate the sorrows and stifle the wrongs of Ireland. (Cheers.) And he pleaded for help to-night not merely as an .Englishman, but he pleaded for help ia this great cause as an Australian. (Hear, hear.) For twenty years he had lived in Aus tralia, and he hoped he should' die here. (Hear, hear.) But he thought all of them who were joined together in the nation ought to strive to make it a great nation — (hear, hear)- — -homo- geneous throughout, free from the repulsions and antagonisms that had marked the old country. (Loud cheers.) And when men of Celtic race, his brothers in this great nation, came forward and said, ' Men of our race in the old home are suffering from hunger, are in danger of famine,' if he in common with his fellows came forward to their relief he would not only be obeying the instincts of a Divine charity, but he would be doing his part towards putting an end to that strife of race and creed which, too, unhappily, was going on in this city at this very time. (Loud cheers.) And so, as an Englishman, as an Australian, and as a Christian, he pleaded with the meeting on behalf of the fund for tho relief of the distressed in Ireland. (Loud cheers.) The resolution was put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. Mr. Fitzpatrick, who was received with ap plause, complimented the Mayor upon the apti tude and dignity he had shown in presiding at this tho first great meeting during his mayoralty. Had he been called upon earlier he might have spoken for three hours, but now he would con tent himself with simply proposing a vote of thanks to his Worship the Mayor. (Applause.) Mr. Montague Levy seconded the motion, which was carried amid acclamation. His Worship briefly responded. During the meeting sums of money had been collected, and at different periods the items were stated. The larger amounts were : — J. Fairfax and Sons, £100 ; Mr. P. A. Jennings, £105 ; Dalton Brothers, £105 ; Toohey Brothers, £100 ; Archbishop Yaughan, £100 ; Fitzgerald and Prendergast, £100; Jeremiah Donovan, £100; and P. Higgins, £100. Mr. P. A. Jennings now stated that the total collection amounted to about £2200 ; and three cheers for her Majesty the Queen having been given, the meeting terminated. 