REFLECTIONS OF A MELBOURNE TRADES MAN ON PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS. ANOTHER day has vanished into night, And still no nearer to the wish'd-for end, No sign or symptom of that prospect bright The Service Government was going to lend; 'Twas said that the Millennium waB near When Jerry and his crowd turned up their toes ; I do not see it—all seems just as drear, And dull, and dismal, with commercial woes, As erst prevailed when Berry ruled the roast. What is the matter, Legislators ? Say 1 'Twere better that you all gave up the ghost, And settle matters in some other way— Or will you cavil o'er the hundreds three Per ann., which you are fighting now about, Till we who pay the piper willingly Bise up in wrath and tell you to get out. Stop twaddling, Mirams ! Nimmo, cease to bawl; That voice of thine was wont in days gone by To preach free-trade, in institute and hall, Where Schnapper Point and Frankston snugly lie. Oh, Vale i vociferous, voluble, and vain, Cantankerous and coarse as Billingsgate, Imagine, if you can, , the dreadful paiu That you inflict on us; then let me state 'Twould be more merciful if you would stop That glib- like tongue, which you with malice charge ; Is it because you wish to get a sop You feel at liberty to rail at large 1 You've travell'd, but have not improv'd yourself, Your language still denotes an ill-bred mind. When fades the prospect of the wish'd-for pelf. You rave with passiou, till you're almost blind. Why wrangle, Wrixon ? Whether right or wrong, Remarks like yours are surely out of place ; You know at Portland that you came out strong 'Gainst Berry, and the whole of Berry's race ; In you I am deceived—I thought you staunch And true as steel : So far, at any rate, As to exterminate both root and branch The late rapacious rulers of the State. But, ah ! Sir John, it grieves me much to think That you should lend your most potential aid To bring the country nearer to 1 he brink Of ruin, and cessation of all trade ; 'lis not for you that sugar has its charms, At least, so far as hundreds three, are meant, 'Tis not a dissolution that alarms— To gain your point is that on which you're bent; But is it wise at this important stage, When the world's eyes are all directed here, (Watching us write a most important page In history, which must presently appear), That you should bring your forces all to bear On that which 'tis not possible to gain ? Will Berry give you all that you hold dear ? Not if he siugs his old familiar strain. Qui hotio—throw your prejudice aside, And join with those wBo seek the public weal; Placemen and demagogues, why, let them slide — No sympathy with you can they e'er feel. A word to David Gaunson, clever boy; Just like a wasp you fly and sting all round ; Sometimes your little jokes we do enjoy. When in a genial, jovial mood you're found. You got the sugar at election time, But felt disgusted that they passed you by, That Bent should have th" audacity to climb To where you hoped to catch the Speaker b eye. But " moderate the rancour of your tongue, An admonition offered once by Gay, And then perhaps it will not- be so long Before you gain the wish'd-for place and pay. Mason « ah, Mason ! legislator born ; Great gifted genius, I do rev'rence thee, And meaner men I hold in utter scorn ; Your Andersons, and Maddens- not for me— I like the way you send your telegrams, They suit so well the columns of the Age; I don't believe that you would father flams, Nor with a lady get into a rage. Besides, suppose you did, you need not care, South Gippsland will be staunch and stick to you. No doubt; but still you'd better p'r'aps prepare— Constituencies are not at all times true, « Oh, wad some pow'r the giftie gie us." Yes, Indeed! a wish that's echoed far and wide; A prayer in fact which just amounts to this, Ob, if you please, good gentlemen, subside, And let the business of the day go on. The country groans, and trade is nearly dead, While common sense and decency are gone From many a worthless legislator s head. Moreoyer, poor Victoria is sick, Aye, unto death, unless some mighty change Comes quickly o'er the body politic. Will you then, kindly, quietly arrange Some mode of getting settled this Reform ? Pass payment promptly to yourselves you will, No fear; but I foresee a-little storm Will gather, ere you pass your little bill. 