'.="RPE?RT':. DALLAS. EPCH T?En SECOND. 7?. "r ' ' ?"ClLiPTIR XI V ' 3M' iBARa.B'S NARR5ATIVE CONTZiUEOD.. " IT is a cruel fatality that has given to mu thu task of 'such a revelaiion,''? Mrs. Skaifo continuedl,:her tone changing from wit voclringne to plaintive bittcrness; " the old curse still pursues mnc. You will hate mu for this. Whenever you think of this tim6 my image like an evil shadow will rise op bfore 'yoi. But try not to think too harshly of me. Iudeed-indleed, I am 'your friend. But; you shall not be deceived; you shall not be degraded unknowingly I " she cried out wildly. "They have gone to a concert together to-nightl I tell you. they have moaning in this--I will prove to you they have a meaning in this I " And' wit·r ha' warning' look she hurried from theoroom. I' was lying back in rmy chair half swooning, overpowered by a death . like sickness.. Presently Mrs. Somers came to moe':Ilbecca had told her I was Unwell she said." The next thing I remember was finding myself hi bed and the old lady sitting beside me. I could not speak ; I had not the strength; but'I:'lay there in a kind of half-dreamy stup9r staring at the opposite wall. All at once thber came before my eyes the vision of a white face-it resembled Flora's ; and at'the same moment a voice that seemed to come from a long' way off and yet was clear arddistinct as the reverberation of a silver bell pronounced in agonized accents this word three times--" lost t lost I lost I " With a shriek I sprang up in the bed, but there was nothing before me now except thewalls :of my bed-chamber; ?'My dear young lady, whatever is the matter. ?" cried Mlre. Somers, starting up. "Tell me havel been asleep? " I cried, wildly: grasping her arms. YenPou have been staring at tie wall just for all the world as if a ghost was standing there ?'" sho answered. I full back Upon iny'pillow with a groan.' When I. opened my 'eoyes again tley encountered the wild, dark orbs of Rebocca Skaifo. 'Sihe was'standing at thu bcdosidu looking dow'ir upon iolewith on oxpressioni almoit of ahiguishi nipen her haggard fona. turofi.:- ,: -5, , " , . :? 'When she sa' mo stir she bont over tire pilloiw'and whispered'tol mo, "I have now prodlof ofvrything. I have watched theim from tlre concert "- . : "Do riot tell moe ally more !" 'I cried despairingly. · "I know all I" ' , Lqonig, 'long, after this I. lay motionless and ,undisturbed,;- not in a tsleop, ,but in a 'stupor:', '!-. ! . At laest Iifelt consoious that some one' oyoes , ere fixed 111n0 me. I looked up and saw Walteirbendin" over me. I uttored a lowecryaind :shrkakwy. ' ' ay 'W " hat is the mattor, Barbara'? "' Ilheard: r hi say::syi' "Have' I woke you ont. of a droeau? :I'am glad' yoa did not?sitr up any longer,;: the concert 'was very late and .we had g?e.at difficulty in getting a cab." S a;isin" myself upon :my elbow. I looked into his face and said,,"'I tniorw all I : 'He·gazed' at mte fixedly 'for a moment; thebnturned away amid left' thu room aiid I saw hlhin no moi0s that night: ' ' .How\ foirvently I pi·iyed to heaven to lot mrn diu-for what had I to liveofor now? Arid' So0i bIly alllight with widoe staring: eyes thbat tlirobbod as tlihugli a irlse W~ori in tni,'i till 6 i'orrld soe tlih esofti.rosy light of tlio utmmor's dawn behind the white blinds:'f' my'Wim idoi vw, ?: ..... r I '' ... . ?i: : l :As I lay thus I''hoard a ddoepsob, aud glancing towards the foot of:tir bed' I iiaiw a' dark, crouching figure; 'It wvas:that, of ioebccca' Skaifo. It was evident that :hol had been in thre room ll nigilit.: Teli sight 'of this woman made mo slihddtrr, for it wa:s s ise who htad first revealoed:to rmo mymisery.r eIor qfiork eye caught thre ntovemntit. i'I heard a deep groan--the door 'openu and close gently--and when I looeid' urp 'again sheo'vas gone. Before it was broad daylight thre door opened again and I saw my hnsband oome into thu room. Ho came to the bed-side, doubting, from tiy ipssivo attitudo, whether I Was sleeping or walting. "Are you warva ? "' he aslked, bonding over mo. `A movemont of my eyes answered the qudestion. " 'fha'tis tIme mouling of thifs bOhaviour 2" Iro'asked, 'with someo asperity; for', having asaetdaiurd that I had tot left the house Sduring tuo preeodiiug night, ihe was bold and confident. ",Do not talk to ute," I said entreatingly. "·'Letmllo lie heor at rest; it is all I aske of you "'r Ieo ·was silont for somo momonts, He know that no suspicion, howover strong, could work this chango in mo towards him, and yet ho could riot ulnderstand hmow I could havo obtaiued arty certain itforination. "If you refuse to explain yoursolf," Ire said at last, with a shlirnug, '" your l)iit it out , of my powcr to romrove your grievance whatevor it nray be. But I have some little brsiucss I warnt to transacot wit, h yon this morniing. I have a pulaer here I wish you to signi- it is simiply a forte of protection against any attempt upon your father's part to annoy you." I snpposo hle thought that some explanra tion,' however absurd, was necessary to account for tins strange request and induco ) )nro to comnly with it. Dirt Ire was mis 7 taken ; I was ready passively to do anything he asked of me so that I might be loft at peace. He brought, rie a paper and I put mIty name in tIre place he pointed out. What was it to moe what 1 was signing, even 1hsd it hean my death-warrant 2 Thtat I would have eagerly signied, for to live wats torture. My lssivo dlespiir, my i:sriag silcnce, my white, hapless face awed and minbar rassed him more thanu woul tIre ruost patssions.te grief or ringer, which indeed would probably have failed to iriove him. 'When I herd signcd tire paper I ttlrned my face to tire wall. lie ,rscied lto hrover about tire room irresolutely fore little time; then, nimitterieg something irbout seindinug in a doctor, I heard him go swuay, anrd oitco nore'I wins alonle. Billt I was not longhleft in qrrietudc. Soon olhier figures rtitrourrudc d/hnio---Mrs. Somers -a dcefor. A doctor-- whet a mockary ! O, if fIt. y wouhl ontly leIrvo rate alone, h'ow thankful I shiounhl be I was my thought, * Suddenly' anoth'r figure rose upon my brain. Crushed, beneath the weiglht of my own overwhelming agony I had forgotten until now that mine was not the only heart that would bleed-that .I should not be alone, in my misery. I, .the wronged wife, had forgotten that a' husband was stricken also. That thought roused me from my lethargy. To the astonishment ofI Mrs. Somors, I sprang out of bed and began hastily to dress. "'hoere is my cousin " I said; "lot me see her." I had no settled ideas as yet what I should do; all was confused except one thought-could I lighten the blow for him ? The old lady looked scared, fancying probably from my wild, excited manner that I was mad. "I have not seen Mrs. Ashlon yet this morning," she said timidly; "but 'ddn't think of getting up." " 0, hush, hush l " I cried; "do not try to dissuade me from what I am doingl please to tell her to come down to me at OOllCO". " Ah I how shall I meet her I "Ithoughtf, with a shudder-" how 'shall I endure the sight of her face ?" I finished dressing and went bito the sitting-room. A long, long time hapsed and Mrs. Somers did netreturn.: I was almost . pleased at the delay, as' it: retarded the dreaded *meeting' for a few 'moments longer.. A footstep at last and a hand placed' upon the lock of the door. '0, how my heart beat and how flint I girew I Had I strength to endure this meeting or. should I fall fainting at her feet. Thle dour opened; it' wtiis only M~rs. Sers. "Mrs. .shton is not in her room; 'Ican't find her," she said. 'Her 'face was' very pale and she spoke quite indistinctly. In an 'instant the truth flashtd'upon my brain. She hid fled and my husband was the partner of her flight. . :, : rose up fr'om my chair. and made. a movement towards the door, as" though I would go in seiirchl of her. But Mrs. Somors raised her hbiad in:ddpreoation. " Stay," she said faintly; "sit down for a' moment and I will tell you all I know:' : She Salnk'do'wn into' a chairl: trmblng its if with an atgue. I sat down' and fixing my eyes.upon. heic waited patiently to hear .whatI hadl divined already. had.a "Mrs. Aseliton leitt' L erto from lier husband this~morniug," hi e said. " Ifounid it lying in a corner of the room when I went upstairs just 'now 'and I havO brought it: down.·l And with a shaking, hand she 'drew a; letter out of her pocoket and handed it to me. It miin thlus: SMy Darliug Wifeo-- I 'shall be i?'th'yoeuon Thurs: diy -amfteoon. i" Vitli lopoeaid kisses from yeaour duvotcd husband, "' '' :' " ''JmX ' V . ..." J = ? ; 'T o xr: : ,Great lieavensl Thiss was Thursday.: lIe Wmould:be hero to-day.::.:r The lotter fell' from my eiorvolss hand.: : "Be heore o 40day I ~I eclaimed; alodil (to~flind his ie \fohas fled -is lost to himi !' What I: Y'ou know?? s i rioie d, iuth an amnased looli,~ [ I Can guoss 'all that you h'avo to' teli, me, I answored'despatiringly.t ".;; 0'!, my poor, dear child I ". criedtheold, lady, 'bursting into tears. "God have;pity: upoli.' you I-and He will, and will ipnish· tlint cruel villain who has deserted you and' that blacksheartod woman, who is worse than 'be I " At that moment there was a knock at the door, Mrs. Somers rose to answer it,; and I saw standing upon the threshold.tho dahl.,ik black-bearded man whom I had mot i/on Iampstead 'Heath--my father I .. ( ,: i , oelii',eav. x .71 [j : S"' * BARBUAIIA'e~ NAnRATI\II,, · : '· i·· 1,4r ?'' iveoii' in the all-absorbing agony; fof tllht:a nioment this sudden apparitibn gave me ba: strange shook, " I quite forgot to mention you to'Mrs.' Harland," cried the old, lady, wiping:hor eyes and trying to hide her discomnposuro from the quick glneoos of the stoangero "' This gentleman iiiquired for you a long time ago-or at least for Mr. Harland; but I had quite forgotten." " Will you promit me five minutes' pri vate conversation with you, madam? " said tile stranger, interrupting her and bowing to me. " I have a private communication to malke to you of the utmost import aiice." Without waiting for my reply Mrs. Someer loft the room, and I was alone with my strange visitor. "arbara," he said, speaklig in a low, hurried voice, "I can see by your looks you half guess who I am. You need not speak the word, nor need you shrink from me as if I were a loper. I na not here to harm but to bofriend you. 'h'lie man for whom you take me ii had enough, but lie is not a fieiid, and lie is man cnough to protoet his own ohild. You have doubtless heard the minute history of his crimes, but not of his lifo; but whatever hle might, have he ooyou shouhl not forget that hle is yaor father." Ijis blunt,, half-defiant words wore wonderfully at variance witlh the toiie of deep, troesbling oniotion in which they wore uattered. The siAddOineOss of this shock coming so immediately upon the heels of a yet greater oiic, deprived me of all specelm, amnd prob ably lie mistook lmy sileince for a foolinug of ummttertiblo loatlhiimg, for hle went oii with intinse bitterness. " But I am iiot here to plead the cause of fiatller vcrslls child ; but I ask oiio qluestion, and all I ask is that youl wiill ans\weor it as truthfully as yeou will speak to (God in your rayrs to-iighlit. Are you the true, lawful, wedded wife of that main Ilarlaud or \Vii bye, or wi'hiatever lie calls himself ? " "I am " I answered, mechanically. "Anld lhe hias deserted you for munother woman u Theore-you need iot answer that for I kniow it alreody. Enoighs ; I know whiat i have to do." HIe turimed 1u1e00 his heel and strode towards to door. hlis hand was upon the lock, whcn the word "faitlor I " fell from liy lips. lIe started as though lie had booni shot, turmnd suddenly rouiid, facod me for a moiemnit, anid the next I was folded in his hierculmean irms. I could fool the wild throbbing of his heart and the heaving of his vast chest as he strained me in his; strong embrace. Hle pressed a kiss upon my forehead, and another upon my lips, put mc back into my chair, and without a word again strode towards the door. " W|hero are you going? " I cried faintly. " To follow that scoundrel ! " he answered fiercely. Before I could speak another word he was gone. "I ran out of the room after him; but ere I could reach tile head of the stairs I heard the street-door slam. I began to descend to give pursuit, when I felt someone brash rapidly past me. It was nfebccca Slkife, dressed for the street. "Quick--quick I " I said, calling to her. " Follow that gentleman who has just gone out and bring him back to me. She stopped for a second and looked up at me. Shall I ever forget the awful features as I saw them then 2 They were indescribable in their ghastliness. "I am going to follow him," she said; and then she laughed a low, strange laugh that made my blood curdle; and without another word she swiftly descended tile stairs, and I heard the door close behind her. Robecca Skaifo's foot never again crossed that threshold. And now the agony of my mind took a new shape. Should husband and father meet, this woeful drama must end in blood. I trembled for the safety of him who haId betrayed me. Spite of all, it was anguish unutterable to think that dansger should menace him; and how could he cope withs the fierce wrath of tile herculean man who had just loft me ? SI did not think then of how the subtle, agile snake is more dangerous than the sinewy lion. But lot mo hasten to end the recordof tlis terrible day. Just as the gray shadows of the coming Dight began to fall upon tile quiet square, a loed, impatient knocking at the street-doer reverberated through the house. Two minutes afterwards a quick step came bounding up the stairs, tile door opened, Tom Ashton bounded into the room. Wls' Wheie is Flora? " he cried, hurriedly. !'Not` at home to moet me ?" Then, his eyes falling upon my face for the first time a~s I sat in tile light that came from tile Window, he stopped suddenly, and with a strange tone exclaimed G!'ood hoavons l what is the matter? Has anything ilappened " In the doorway stood tile timid, shrinking fgure of the landlady. I could not speakl, nid I cast an appealing glance towards her to come to my aid. lie followed my glance, and stood for a moment shiifting his eyes from one white, terror-stricken face to tile other. "What is tlsis Speak to me l" se cried in an inarticulate tone, as though his tpngue were cleaving to the roof of Isis mouth. Sihoi1 deatd! I Still speeclless, we both shook our heads. Wihere is she thens ? O, Uarbara l" hl, burst out, suddenly, " I left her in your keeping I" Di oD not speak such words to ser ! " ex clasmeild Mr. ,isomers, indignantly. "Is she not as great a sufferer as you ?" A: A sufferer?" he echoed, faintly, sinking intoea chair. siihsht;on, it is no use spealing in riddlos 10l use tormesiting you with useless suspense," she added, in a kinder tone. "£Tho sad, terrible news must be told you, thersefore summon all your fortitude to bear it, so worthloss a creature is not worth an honest mai's regret. She is gone--run away I " S".Withs whom ?" le asked, in a strangely clear voicee "? ths tiss poor lady's husband." i e psessed Iis hands across his eyes; thou slid from the chair in a senseless heap upon the floor. 