All things considered the progress of the new amended Land Bill through the Assembly may be termed a great success. Whilst substantially ' augmenting the re venue, its moderation disarms hos tility. The meshes of the original bill were found to be too uniform and too large, permitting too much play for legal quibbles and the mis carriage ot justice. Once more the air is lull of buzz against the in justice of the tax! and the impolicy ol its incidence. The old cry of communism r°tfoery ha§ been raised, and neither by the A.gc qj. Argus has one word been said upon the real merits of the tax, The land tax is to all intents and purposes a final one, and the one drawback to its efficacy is it3 moderation. In the counter-re volution now raging in Victoria taxation is the best weapon in the armoury of democracy, and the land tax of all others the one by which the land jobbers, the dummy, mongers, and the land grabbers, as they are now called in Ireland, forced to disgorge their ill-gotten estates. There is no prescription for crime. Property is a sacred in stitution; title-deeds, parliaments, and supreme courts are venerable in the sight of both men and angels • but a lie is not venerable, and the parchments upon which stand en grossed at this moment the fee simple of this colony are lies, and therefore doomed to be cancelled. A lie, writes Carlyle, was brought into being for the express purpose of being extinguished. A member of the British House of Peers ha3 solemnly declared in the face of day that the landed estates of New South W ales and Victoria were crim inal aggregations, against which “ our sentence is for open war.” The community who would acknow ledge them are cowards, and are worthy of the coward’s fate — slavery. From first to last Mr. Berry has struggled manfully yet warily to bring the agrarian felony of this colony to the scale of justice, there to plead its cause before the public opinion of the world. From the limes downwards no lips as yet, except that of its own paid hirelings, have ever been opened in its defence. The crime levied by the banditti against society was a heavy one ; the punishment would be equally unjust to society were it not a heavy one. We have said that the improvements introduced by the Ministry into the amended Land Act were substantial. The classes into which holdings may he divided have been increased; the maximum value put upon land in the first olas3 has been raised from .P-i to £ 5 6s 8d per acre, and higher valuations have been placed through out. Where 1000 acres of first class land had to pay £18 15s per annum the sum of £35 will now have to be paid. The ratio of increase will vary from 40 to 100 per cent, because as yet we are but novices in the art. Comparatively the new tax will be an immense improve provement, abstractly, however, a mere bagatelle. In May 1876 the programme was £300,000 from a land tax, with this explanation, that the closed roads alone would recoup every farthing of it. We have not yet realised two-thirds of that sum, therefore we have failed. But we do not complain, for the task was a hard one. We do not despair, for our case is a just one. Nemesis is with us. We have heard from the lips of many a parlia mentary commentator on either side strange and unheard of theories of taxation during the debate, and nothing has disclosed a more la mentable deficiency of true intel ligence and solid information. We have heard of many lands, and many varieties of land tax, but totally inappropriate to the question on hand. Not so much taxation, as a peaceful restoration of the public domain to the people is the question before us. And as to a land tax 2jer se few of our public men appear to know that, according to the con stitution of England, when it had one, the land paid every penny of taxation. And even at this mo ment, as we recently pointed out, the land of England pays fully one-half of all the rates and taxes of the kingdom. The Argus affects to be merry over our anxiety to spread population over the country when the large estates are broken up, and chuckles Over the fact that the few people who occupy station property make more money than the thousands employed in agriculture. In the first place, we would point out that settlement was always an object, and the first one, even under the imperial sway; the pre-emptive right was one inducement, and the selling of land to the Crown tenant at a fixed price was another, besides many more. In the States, in Ireland, and even in Britain, the dispersion of the population over the land is becoming one of the first subjects of the day. As to the comparative wealth of grazing and agriculture, the whole of the really payable land in Victoria has been monopolised under pre-emptive rights, sham selectors, and corrupt administration of the law. The whole grazing revenues of this colony were for fifty years ap propriated by a few adventurers, who found ways and means to in gratiate themselves with the official class. The enormous wealth thereby acquired enabled this class to con trol the Government of this country for many years after it had become representative, and on the advent of free selection this wealth enabled the territorial class to defeat and thwart the intentions of the Legis lature and the wishes of the people. In thus justifying out views upon the land tax our aim has been to convince, not to persuade. Tho meagre material on which the Liberal press but too often trade has much to do with the supineness of its readers. Without special and general knowledge ‘of his subject'd writer must of necessity fall back upon mere dogmatism or denial, and this, we repeat, is the staple of news? paper criticism in the metropolis, This, with an occasional burst of malicious recrimination against the friends ot the people in the As sembly, may account in some small degree for the immature and lan guid condition of public opinion on the great public questions of the day. A metropolitan organ of popular opinion is a necessity second only to a revisal of the constitution and a progressive land tax. The lines of the American poetess— On piercing thorns our fathers trod In this bright land of ours, To soften for their sons the sod Now strewn with fruit and flowers, may be applicable and very pleasant to coming generations of Australians, but the reality is neither entertaining nor profitable to those who have to sow that a future nation may reap. It is not a path of flowers, but a question of flour. How are we to save our daily bread from the mass of impositions yearly heaped upon us, and the ques tion is a gloomy one, and fraught with considerable anxiety for the daily toiler with a large family. Taxation, taxa tion is the cry reiterated annually. Taxation direct and indirect, general and local, and while members of Par liament and borough councillors view or pretend to view each fresh burden with alarm, they pile it on without compunction and most unmercifully, How, it occurs to us, that as a young community proud of our imagined power and somewhat thoughtless, we are attempting to do toe much. We cannot live forever to enjoy the work of our hands and rest when our under takings are accomplished, but must pass away, and therefore wo ought to allow our successors to gain some practical knowledge of the sweets of labor by bequeathing them some share of the burdens. With waste lands to be re claimed, primeval forests to be cleared, virgin lands utilised, and public and private buildings erected, truly our task is a herculean one; but, nevertheless, we may and do, as mortals generally do ; strive at too much and aim at the unattainable. “Romo was not built in a day,’’ and admitting that our re quirements are legion and that we can not keep pace with the times unless we have all the facilities, still we hold that as many of our undertakings are of a permanent nature and the coming man will enjoy them, it is but reasonably fair that he should bear a portion of the expense. Roads, bridges, railways, and public edifices will have to be main tained in future, but ours is the pioneer’s work to clear and create. At present we are treading on the piercing thorns, or at any rate in virgin mud and slush. We are rated and taxed to the utmost limits because as yet every thing has to be done, and we think it would bo well if we fairly and seriously considered the position, and instead of adding another penny for this and two pence for the next thing to our local rates, we were empowered to borrow money for long terms, for the construc tion of all permanent public works. In the districts in which we are imme diately interested we find that while our local burdens are heavy the revenuo derived is altogether inadequate to our wants, and unless some borrowing powers such as we have hinted at be granted so that funds may be forth coming we must een bear with natural surroundings and inconveniences, and leave to posterity the double task of do ing the work and finding the where withal. Certain statements in the Age news paper of last Saturday in reference to the police and the Kelly outlaws have given a fresh impetus to the demand for an investigation. It seems pre mature to pronounce an opinion upon the merits or demerits of Mr Nicholson whilst he was in charge of the district, and the eulogiums showered upon Inspector Hare in the Assembly this week by Mr Ramsay overshot the mark by a long way. The real head of the police force has recently left the service, and is therefore beyond the reach of a royal commission, and the country will not readily saddle any subordinates with a responsibility with which they were not entrusted, and for which they were not paid. At the outset the statement of the Ago asserts that, “ up to the present time no satis factory explanation has been given of the causes that enabled the Kelly out laws to defy authority and evade justice so long.” In this statement we do not concur. The Kellvs up to the very last were aided and abetted by the surrounding population, and the police had to contend not so much against the four desperadoes as against the whole population of the district. The present as well as the pa >t affords abundant illustrations. The perpetra tors of the many recent agrarian murders in Ireland are still at large, and although the British Government offered £30,000 for the head of Prince Charles Edward in 1745 he could not be taken. Another consideration is this, that the officers in charge of the police were obliged to work noth such tools as they had. And those tools were, with the exact amount of money which the public paid for them. Cap tain Stapdish has had the organisation of the force in his hands for over twenty years, and his patronage and discipline are responsible for its present condition. As a trustworthy, sober body of men they cannot be surpassed, but that new blood of a varied and more professional character is needed in the police few people will be pre: pared to deny. Erom such elements must it fall to be recruited, as the old material wears out. The extraordinary disclosures of John James Sherritt which accompany the statement in the Age, however, demand much more serious considers'ion. We pointed out in the pages of this journal several weeks ago that the break-up of the Kelly gang mainly rested upon the part which the Sherrits played. We still believe that but, for the Sherrits the gang would be now at large. We do not, of course, place people of their character upon too high a pedestal in our estimation, but it cannot be denied that Aaron and James Sherrit, in their doyble capacity of quasi-friends of both the: outlaws and tin; Government, have displayed an 'amount of finesse arid cool desperate courage such as we seldom read of. Without such ele ments of character a detective force exists but in name, hence our amaze ment at the rumour that two of tho Sherrits had been threatened with summary dismissal from the force, And more startled still at the predic tion by the acting head that unless they cleared out of the country they might find themselves sooner than they expected under lock and key. It is quite evident that the public of Vic toria will demand instant confirmation or refutation of such a statement, when made in such a manner as to entail a prosecution for perjury. Such a pro secution should, we think, not bo post poned one hour—cannot bo postponed with safety. Tho fair name of the acting chief commissioner and the per sonal safety of young Sherritt are alike at stake, until a full open disclosure is forthcoming of this most mysterious business. Tho Licensing Bench at Williamstown will meet on Friday next. It is rumoured that certain renewals will be opposed. The Commissioner of Public Works has consented to complete the road leading from Stony Creek bridge to tho steam ferry, Wil liamstown. The work will, wo understand, be undertaken forthwith. The residents of Gordon street and Albert road, Footscray, are at last to have the long needed supply of water. The Commissioner of Public Works has consented to lay on the Tan Tean if a guarantee of six per cent, on the outlay is giren. The Council has agreed to the proposal. Local tradesmen should be on their guard against imposters. A person representing herself to be Edward Kelly's mother (now in gaol) has lately been victimising tho shop keepers of Williamstown by obtaining goods and conveniently forgetting to pay for them, The police arc on the look ■"•it for some idiot who has been scarii:: a -non and children in North Williamstown daring the week by doing the “ ghost ” business. It is to be hoped that whoever the person is ho will be made an examplo of if caught. The anniversary services of the St. John's church, Footscray, will bo held to- morrow, and the sermons, morning and ovoning, preached by Hot. Canon Vance, M.A. Tho church festival, comprising tea-moeting and concert, will bo held on Tuosday, the 14th inst., at tho Royal Hall. Reports wero rife last week about a larri kin outrago at the Yarravillo railway station, in which tho stationmaster (Mr J. J. Wright) was seriously maltroated; and paragraphs and lottors appeared in cortain metropolitan papers magnifying tho disturbance with a view evidently of prejudicing tho cases which wore then sub judice. A condensed report of tho affair—which was hoard at tho Foots cray court on Thursday—shows that tho local scribes mado a *• three black crows ” affair of a stand-up fight, and used their every offort to blacken tho fame of Yarra villo and its residents. Tho attempt how ovor to dirty their own nest was a signal failure, as tho much-abused victim appeared in the role of defendant and was mulcted in £2 with £3 33 costs. The stoamor Williams made a special ex cursion to Schnapper Point and Dromana on Thursday last. The weather was fine and the trip an enjoyable one. It is intended to make another special trip later on in the season. On Thursday afternoon last Williamstown presented quite a holiday appearance owing to the number of people who came from town to see the Sorata. The vessel had been placed in the Alfred Graving Dock for the purpose of repairing tho injuries done to her hull while stranded on the South Australian coast for thirteen weeks. Pumping out the dock was proceeded with slowly so that the water in the vessel might escape and prevent furthor injury from straining, as she rolled rory much while being docked owing to tho quantity of water in her hold. The dock was dry about six o’clock in the evening, when the full nature of the injuries received were ascertained. It would not be out of place to suggest that while the Sornto is in dock a small charge should be made for ad mittance on board, and the proceeds handed to tho unfortunate sailors who have had a very trying time since she went ashore, or applied to some charitable purpose. Tho anniversary services of tho Wesleyan Church, Eleetra street, Williamstown, wero held on Sunday last, when two impressive sermons wero preached by tho Rev. Ralph Brown, of Melbourne, to largo congregations. On Tuesday, tho 7th inst., the usual annual tea-mcoting was held in the schoolroom, which was well attended. After tea tho public moeting was held in the church, the chair being ably filled by Henry Berry, Esq., J.P. of Melbourne, who in opening the meeting gave a very able and instructive address. The church steward read the financial statement for tho past twelve months, which showed that satisfactory progress had been made in tho reduction of tho debt, and in a few well chosen words urged tho seat- holders and congregation generally to persovero, and thus lighten the burden that rested upon tho trustees. The Bev. S. Williams followed, and in an appro priate address gave some very interesting particulars of the present and future position of the Church. Stirring and interesting addresses were also given by the Revs. E. I. Watkins, of St. Ivilda, J. White, of Rich mond, and B. Berry, Esq., who has just arrived on a visit from England. The church choir, under the able leadership of Mr G. F. Smith, rendered some pleasing selections of music, which were well roceivcil and appreciated by tho audience. A good collection was taken up, and a numbor of promises of contributions given by many present. Altogether a very successful meet ing was brought to a close by tho usual votes of thanks to the ladies, choir, and chairman, each of which was suitably responded to. Last week Mr Cecil Forrester gave one of his humorous and musical entertainments at tho Mechanics’ Institute. Considering the talent engaged tho affair ought to have been better patronised, as Mr Forrester in his characteristic impersonations of “ men of the time ” and facial imitations of peculiar and eccentric people is quito a host in him self, and requires to he seen to be thoroughly appreciated. Tho names of tho vocalists— under tho able conductorship of Mr Frank RiohardBon—should alono have been a suffi cient guarantee that tho concert would bo rendered in a masterly style. As most of them are well known to tho musical public it is unnecessary to describe their efforts ; hut one artiste—Miss Cissie Archer—not so well known deserves special mention, as she has a remarkably sweet, musical, and powerful voice, over which she has very great com mand. Tho audieneo evinced their apprecia tion of her good singing by a hearty round of applause whenever sho appeared. It is a pity the Williamstown lovers of music will not have an opportunity of hearing her again for some time, as it is not often that wo see an amateur endowed with a voice like Miss Archer’s. Early on Sunday morning last a sad and fatal accident happened in the Bay, by which a young man named John Davenport lost his life by drowning. General regret was expressed on the particulars of the affair being made known. ' Davenport, in company with a man named Robert Taylor, a butcher at Messrs Elwortliy and Dobbin’s, left Wil liamstown at seven a.m. in a skiff for tho purpose of enjoying a sail in the Bay. After, cruising about for some time and when about five miles from Brighton Beach—in the South Channel—it was decided to return. Taylor held tho tiller, and Davenport as sisted by working the sheet; and in at tempting to “jiho” the boat, Davenport from a cause not clearly known did not let go, which caused her to fill and capsize. After struggling in tho water both men suc ceeded in reaching the boat, which was repeatedly turned over. It seems that they managed to stick to the boat for about an hour and a half, although washed off several times—when Davenport succumbed from ex haustion. Taylor was picked up shortly afterwards by a man named Sheppard in a fishing boat, and conveyed to his home. The polico proceeded to search for the body during the day, but nothing has since been discovered, except the gear of the boat. Taylor states that a fishing boat passed the two men within Hailing distance, but they could not succeed in attracting the attention of the occupants. Davenport had not boen long in tho colony, hut was well known and respected in Williamstown ; lie was a single man, about twenty-six years of age, and was employed as a draper’s assistant by Mr J. C. Brown, of Nolson place. ’ In our young days we ured to look with wonder and awe at the turnips worn by our grandfathers and graced'hy name of watch. A huge piece of clumsy machinery with a hunch of seals and curios as big as a baby’s head hanging from the fob, and that indeed possessed by few who wero accounted raw fine gentlemen. A revolution has however taken place and now-a-days hoys can sport a neat* handsome, and correct timekeeper at a price that would make our forefathers stare. The Rodanow, a wealthy A merican Manufacturing Company, state in our ad vertising columns that they are prepared to supply orders from any part of the universe for one or more watches at’ prices ranging from ten shillings to fifteen pound. A written guarantee for two or fivo years ac cording to value will be given with each watch. Who would be without a time piece ? At tho meeting of the Footscray Council on Wednesday evening, a general rate of thirtoen penco in the £ was agreed to. That, together with tho special rate will make tho total loeal rate seventeen pence in the &. Nominations for tho 'Williamstown racos, which come off on Boxing Day, closed on Tuesday evening. There aro fifteen entries for tho Handicap Hurdle race, twenty-fivo for tho Truganina stakes, thirteen for the Galloway stakes, twelve for the Laverton stakes, and twenty-five for the Williams town Handicap. Tho ordinary monthly meeting of tho Braybrook Shire Council which should have taken place on Monday, lapsed from want of a quorum, and was consequently ad journed by those who attended until Mon day next. Prizos for competency, attendance, and good conduct will be given to the children attending the Braybrook State School, on Thursday next, prior to breaking up for the holidays. Mr W. M. Clark M.P. will make tho presentations. On Monday last, at tho Mechanics’ Insti tute, a “variety ontortainmont’’ rras givon in aid of tho funds of the Catholic Christian Doctrino Society. Mr P. F. O’Hagan acted as chairman, and in tho course of tho even ing had occasion to refer to tho nuisance caused by boys whistling and stamping—a practico indulged in by youths at all similar gatherings, and which is objectionable to any reasonable person and an insult to the performer. The programme opened with a pianoforto duet by Mrs Fowler and Miss Keano. Mr Wignall’s well known voico is over welcome, as was testified by tho audi ence. Messrs Taylor and Drake shared tho honors of the comicalities. Mr J. Me Don nell’s first effort received every encourage ment. Miss Daly’s pleasant voice was not hoard to advantage m tho large hall of the Mechanics’. Tho step and jig dancing of Messrs Lawson, Connelly and Strong were loudly applauded, Messrs Murphy, O’Sul livan. and Mrs Brennan all contributed to tho evoning’s entertainment. A negro sketch from "Handy Andy” caused a deal of amusement, and brought tho performance to Mr Holloway, jeweller, 73 Elizabeth street, has at present on viow at his establishment a very handsome gold medal manufactured by him for tho Bairnsdalo Bowing Club ; also two for the Yarra Yarra Rowing Club— ' one in tho form of an eight pointed star tho other a Malteso cross. Wo have received a circular calling atten tion to letters appearing in the Christian World of September 16 and 23, from the foreign missionary secretary of tho United Methodist Freo Church, and others having connections with Jamaica, giving a painful account of a fearful cyclone in Jamaica in August last. As an example of the force of tho storm it is said that “ Seventeen churches of this denomination alone have been completely destroyed, besides a num ber of schools and ministers’ houses.” Immediate attention is called to the fact that no* only are tho sanctuaries gono, but the houses and crops also, so that unless very prompt and liberal help can bo sent there will not only be a lack of shelter, but many will die of starvation. Other accounts say that trees thirty feet in girth were up rootod and tossed about like chaff before the wind,-and that tho crops aro literally swept away, tho reservoirs of tho people cut off, and famine, gaunt and cadaverous, is march ing on them with inevitable tread. Efforts on behalf of tho sufferers are being made by tho United Methodist Freo Churches, who have many missionaries in Jamaica, and through whom any money's collected will be distributed. Tho district committee meet ing in Melbourne have opened subscription lists and appeal to all who may bo disposed to assist in alleviating the sufferings of their fellow men. Subscriptions on behalf of tho relief fund will bo thankfully received by tho Rev. W. J. Chapman, or by Captain Dalgamo, of Williamstown. Tho appeal seems a worthy and deserving one, and should meet with a liberal responso. The foundation-stone of a home for aged mariners was recently laid at Liverpool by Mrs Wm. Cliff, the wife of a merchant and shipowner, who has himself contributed £8.f)00 towards the edifice—an amount which is practically sufficient to cover the cost of erection. It is anticipated that other donations, already received and which will flow in, will meet the purchase of the land, which embraces about five acres. Tho site is a healthy and commanding ono on the Che shire shore of the Mersey, and the building will be easily discorniblc by all voyagers to and from Liverpool. It will have accomoda tion for about fifty inmates, and the scheme embraces tho erection of a number of cot tages, where old sailors may live rent free with their families or relatives. In reply to a question put in tho British House of Commons regarding the imprison ment of children, Sir Wm. Harcourt said that the imprisonment of young children had occupied his attention of late very much. A few weeks ago he received a report from a prison in England that a child eight years of age, but which looked younger, was there under sentence of several weeks with hard labour. This, he confessed, shocked him, and he immediately directed the Prison Commissioners that no imprisonment of a child below fifteen years of age should take place without first coming under his know ledge. (Cheers.) Those reports came, and ho was sorry to say, in immense numbers. He found that children of ten and eleven years of age are constantly being committed to prison for several weeks with hard labour —some for playing pitch and toss, some for obstruction in the street, some for throwing stones ar.d breaking panes of glass. Well, in most of these cases he had directed in quiries to be made. He was perfectly aware of the difficully of dealing with refractory children, but could not think that commit ting children to prison for several weeks with hard labour was the proper method of dealing with them. He was preparing now a circular to the Magistrates requesting their consideration, whether by means of the remedies under tho Summary Jurisdiction Act, whether by industrial and reformatory schools, they conld not escape from a course of proceeding which tended to chill the fountains of life, and to make a child prema turely old before he reached maturity. 