MERE CHANCE * BT A. C. CHAPTER XVI. AFTEB TUB BALL. ;»Vit have been Rachel a con Wbatev^ might h ^ WJ1^. fusion °* H^scapade, Mr. Dalrymple, qnences of , tu"t jjC took her in his from ^ j^atood the situation perfectly. It arms, Ul,'. . ti" SPriou8 to a man in hia was. 8Uf^eho whatever hia faults, was the poBiuoi, wfco, wu .t waB never bl8 way to e0n ^"difficulties, and he left himBelf m daDy ^itidim or uncertaillty aa to how D° sor iH deal with thia one. Whether right he would doa T wise or foolish, in any or^rOU^S requiring sudden choice of «*" he obeyedlie natural impulse, subject a°"on't rough code of duty only, without to his ^ " .^ hesitation, and followed it tip ^"unswerving determination, totally un witli unsvvervi b, aQxiet a8 t0 where it '"vhtlead or what it might cost him, or as to "" f nltimate consequences that might ensue, any FtiaV out 0{ ten a man of honour, If D"!e ('te wa8 now, would have regretted Slf unconsidered act of folly, and have cast chnut for means of extricating himself and thp cirl who was behaving badly to her Iffiaifced husband from the position into £chit had led them-even, perhaps, to the extent of using " Some rough discourtesy To blunt or break her passion." Rut he was the one man in ten who, equally f £ of honour, felt himself under no oblation to do anything of the kind. If she loved him-and now he knew she did; if he loved her, or was able to love her-and he allowed himself no doubt upon that point from this moment of her seli-revelation, Jhoneb he had not meant to permit anybody (least of all a mere child like this) to. supplant the dead woman on whom the passion of his best years had been spent-then the thing vas settled. They might waltz together till daylight, and n0 oue would have any right to interfere. The social complications that surrounded them, and which a conventional gentleman would have considered of the la9t importance, were to him mere matters of toil. They must manage to get out of them a. beat they could. So he carried her round ankround the room, the moBt perfect partner he hid ever danced with, who moved so sy m pathetrally with all his movements that she might hive been his shadow-but for the electric cui<-ent of strong life that her hand in hie, and tar light weight on his shoulder, and the eubtlb sense of her emotion, sent thrilling through his veins; and in the teeming Bilence his brain waB busy making rapid plans and calculations for effectively dealing with the many difficulties that would come crowding upon both of them as soon as thia waltz was over. Clearly, the first thing to do was to dispose of ambiguities between themselves " Come into the conservatory," he Baid, in s quick undertone, when five silent, delicious miuutes had passed; " I want to say some thing to you before these people begin to spread all over the place again." \- -But even as he Bpoke, as if a spellhad been broken, the light and rapture died tenddenly out ot her face, her limbs relaxed, her airy footsteps faltered, she seemed to melt away in hie arms. "Oh," she whispered, looking op at liiin with tragic eyes, full of leu ana despair, "howwicked I have beenI What he ear tome?" u "Never mind him" replied Mr. Dalrymple ; 'you must not let him have any right to dictate to you any more-you must break off your engagement at once, and get out of his hands. Wicked!-the only wicked thing would be to deceive him any longer. You know you don't love him. Come into the con servatory, and let us talk about it. Do come -there is nobody there now!" But Rachel, being a woman, and a coward, and only eighteen years old, would not come, one knew what she wanted, but she dared not do it-Bhe dared not even think of it. I must-not-I must not!" she protested, in .childish panic of terror. *' Let me go, Mr. i»air}mpie, please-I have done very wrong * fim atraid to stay " And, slipping out of his arms, which did « courtesy permitted to hold ./'etie "fd through a doorway near and sappeared ; and thus threw away an oppor ,l | e ,'088 °f which was to cost them long days and nightB of suspense and ering-ag 8he foresaw, with agonies of P" even while she did it. aunteredl»hmpI6 and talked» and Le V.pr a 0001 ^ usual to atienK hia0bu8ervfr» bHt ta«in8 wit^ eturn'W lrt* and watched for her 'me w'hpn aht8aw Vei mote unti^ sapper S **» Jed »nto the dinmgroom, WeLl Vh ,an,d quet, on Mr. King ever had' r^v,6 w .e D1£ht passed, and he, i ;l hre 10 ge5 n-ear h«again, ck of'effon l u- BnPP°B®di H was from ho undry aui? £18 Partf? and he went to the -d to rW' h??ra affcer "he had gone to kiiiff fl kw clothed preparatory to 1 having "ptthe hUl8' without ii her eves whi v 8latl8factio? of one look tied, h, felt anh°wever timid and ter th, shi would have told him the m before b,r"uf i.com®,infco the drawing ducted meal^lhf and at that irregularly n'8 side agam by Mr. King m- Hut,' glanci^m a £Vtongth from ?r Beat, she me? life. ^25^ **er ^ she took ltl> a subtle wis/fei . 8ftz6'Bnd bowed "Bared hia' comnwJmpn*^vetle88 that er. »ind toward t^ya? toL"«»*«ate of tlons be what Hip® . J®' herSwitward nWisii,B; J* was very set; iiiaJ8jhabitual caltuuesa was ffee from Lnoin tren°bled a« he took his ttlle bostesB^nni-fl ? °,nce? ^b r- The fret of m» be not bear edlesa to Bav 5.^ things, it is 10 flame; anithl fl 8 ln(;ipient passion at a more orfftLfi18 kepfc oP^ere ".by the winds of B/ierCe and bright ,<?in nineT^8 'f adv®rB!ty that ought to . v »uo wmaa of adversity that ought to in nine cases out of ten would-nave titout. ,. Alter breakfast the company began to n» in a desultory manner, by instalments. ®e of the cuesta lingered until the atter "n; some until the next day. The Dlgbys the firat to leave-patter because they ?60 fat to go, partly because Mrs. Digby anxious about ber children-and, ot itee, Mr. Dalrymple had to go with tbem. turned in vain for Bacnel 'when tbe Wastvarty broke up. She knew be was ntniH for ,bei;, Wid Isbe longed to go to "i &nd.;'tlaeittttoie, a matter of coarse, er«4 - ; Only at the Iwt-moment, as was about 'to1 ride gloomily away, abe ap on the thr&holtt; of one pf the inferior v ^oora/Me ^nd shrinklna, btit desperate "* aegpair-thinking to eblace ber » mpte-ftlhnpeieot bimybein he would ot publWhlng " A. Mete Ohtmee" has ®by theyioprietoraol "Tho &ustrud; not know ehe was looking. But he saw her ! in a moment, flung himself from Lucifer's back, and caught her before she could steal away again. It was not the sort of farewell be had hoped for-several of the ladies came straggling about them before they could ex change half a dozen words-but it was in finitely better than none. "Are you going to Queensland?" Rachel asked, in a tone which Baid plainly-"Are you going away from me?" " I must go," he replied ; " but I shall not stay-I Bhafl come back as quickly aB possible. And you-what will you do ?" She flushed scarlet and dropped her eyes, and her lips began to quiver. The rustle of Mrs. Hardy's majestic Bkirts was heard approaching. It was too late for confidences. " I hope, when I come back, I shall find you free," he whispered hurriedly, emphasising the significance of the words with the crushing clasp of his hand over hers and the eager desire in his eyeB; and then he took off his cap, included all the ladies in one last Bilent adieu, remounted his horse, and departed. As he rode through the bush this lovely spring morning, near enough to the waggonette to open the gates for it, but far enough away to indulge in his meditations undisturbed, he pondered many things; and particularly he wondered, with a devouring anxiety, what Rachel had been doing and thinking ot since Bhe left him so abruptly at midnight, after practically giving herself to him. If he could have known it is doubtful if he would have felt so certain of her as he was, though nothing would have deterred him now from making the best fight in his power for the possession of her. When, in terror of the consequences of what she had done, she broke away from him and escaped out of the ball room, she rushed to her own room, for getting, until she dashed into the middle of an untidy litter of open boxes and port manteaus which Miss Hale had left on the floor, that it was not hers to-night; and then she turned and sped down one of the innume rable passages into the quiet starlight outside, and sought refuge in that lonely arbour at the bottom of the garden, which already, not many hours before, had given sanctuary to those new emotions. That she courted bron chitis and consumption, exposing her bare warm arms and bosom to the chill of a frosty night, was a trivial circumstance quite un worthy of consideration, In this arbour she abandoned herself to the full luxury of that passion which was neither joy nor grief, aud yet had the pain and ecstasy of both in the sharpest degree. She knelt on the damp floor, and leaned her arms on the dusty bench, regardless of panic- BUicken ants and enterprising black beetles, and stae shook from nead to foot with sobs. " Oh, my love!" she murmured to herself. " Oh, my love!" And then, presently, lifting herself up, and appealing to the star-worlds far away, and the immutable universe in general-" Oh, what shall I do? -Oh, what can I do?" By and bye she Bat down on the bench, clasped her handB on her knees, and tried her best to compose herself. The keen air made her shiver, and perhaps it did something to cool her agitation ana brace her nerves as well. Slowly she gathered her wits together, made tremulous efforts to school herself to be womanly and courageous, and at last crept back to the lighted and crowded house, hugging a brave but terrible resolution. She went to the nearest fire to warm her self. It was in a little room adjoining the diningroom, where the last preparations for supper were going on. As ^he inelt on the hearthrug, extending her white arms to the blaze, Mr. Kingston came behind her and laid his hands on her shoulders-eo silently aud unexpectedly that she gave a little startled cry. . "Did I frighten yon, my pet? said he, gailj ; " I beg your pardon. 1 couldn't think where you were gone to. I am afraid you are tired. You have been waltzing too much, 'i bat fellow Dalryinple does go round at a killing pace with his long legs. Poor Miss little couldn't stand him at all-she nearly faiuted. Ah, naughty child! Didn't I tell you not to dance with him ? Aud you never paid the least heed! If this is how you defy me now,-what am I to expect after we are married, eh ?" She looked up in his face with guilty, be wildered eyes. He was not by any means so cool as be assumed to be, but it was evident that he intended to ignore her offence, and was not going to scold her. He was not young and rash, if she was; and the few minutes he bad taken for reflection, during her absence in the garden, had shown him where the path.of wisdom lay. Her first sensation was one of extreme relief; and then sbe became slowly conBcious of a vague sinking at her heart. Once more she sighed to herself-feeling discouraged and over powered, and unequal to the formidable va9t ness of her resolution-" Oh, what shall I do!" It would have been much better-much easier- if he had scolded her. Before the revels of the night were quite over, Mrs. Hardy sent her to bed, noticing that she was looking unusually quiet ana pale. She was very glad to go, and made haste to hide herself in the little impromptu neBt that had been prepared for her on a couch in her aunt's room, before that lady should require the use of her apartment She WBB wide awake, however, when Mrs. Hardy joined- her, and too' restless to disguise it; and the elder woman, who knew nothing of the girl's entanglements with her two lovers -yhp had, indeed, congratulated herself on the ptudent abstinence which bad been un expectedly practised with reference to " that objectionable young man" who was such a dangerously delightful dancer-gossiped and grumbled over the little events of the even ing, chiefly of the accident to her lace and the absurdities of Miss Hale and Mr. Leesel, who were publicly known to have had a serious misunderstanding, unaware of her listener's preoccupation, until the candles ,weie finally extinguished. About an hour later, as she was anxiously .cogitating what BtepB she should take towaros the repairing of her own mishap, Mrs. Hard; thought ane heard a suspicious sound in the silence of the room. ''mchd," she called, softly; .. is that you, child ? No anBwer. Only a rustle of drapery, in dicating that Rachel had turned over in her | bed. She listened a few mfnuteB, and the I suspicious sound was repeated. Raising her self on her elbow, she called more loudly. *' Yon ate not tfying, Rachel, are you ?' The girl flung herself out of bed, ran across the room, a little white ghost in the faint dawn, and threw her arms round her aunt's neck. She had no mother, poor little thing, to tell ner ^roubles to: and she wanted a mother upw. '/Oh, dear aant Elizabeth," ehe Bobbed passionately, " do help me-I am BO miserable'! 1 don't want to marry Mr. Kingston I I .don't love hitn-I have tnad6 a mistake-I didn't think enough about it, and . ^D0" ?e should never suit each other. Won t you tell him I Was too young, and that i made a mistake? Won't you-oh, please do!-help me to break it off?" un what a mere chance does destiny pend 1 If Mrs. Hardy's evening had been triumphant and prosperous-if she had not torn her best lace, ana torn it in consequence of Rachel's carelessness- she would probably have received the girl's touching contidence as a tender mother Bhould. As it was, ahe felt that, after all her fatigues and worries, this was really too much. " What nonsense are you talking, child?" Bhe exclaimed angrily. " Is it any fault of Mr. Kingston's if Mies Hale behaves like an idiot? She is nothing but a vulvar flirt, and he knows it as well as you do-only it is his way to be at tentive to all women." " Miss Hale!" repeated Rachel vaguely; " I'm not thinking of MiBs Hale. I am not blaming anybody-only myself. I was very wrong to accept Mr. Kingston at the first oh, aunt, you know we are not suited to each other ! He ought to marry somebody older and grander, and I-I thought I should like to be rich, and to live in that house-and I thought I Bhould come to love him in time; but now I know it was all a mistake. Do do let me break it off before it goes any further! Let me Btay with you-I shall be quite happy to stay with you and Uncle Hardy, if you'll only let me 1" "You are dreaming," replied her aunt, giving her a Blight Bhake in the extremity of her dismay and mortification; " you talk like a baby. Do you think a man is to be taken up one day and thrown away the next? And it is worse than that to jilt a man-and Mr. Kingston of all people-after being engaged to him for months, as you have been, and after leading him into all sorts of prepara tions and expense. The bare idea is mon strous ! And all for nothing at all, but some ridiculous sudden fancy! You may have seen things of that sort done amongst the people you have been brought up with, but no lady wonld think of disgracing herself and her family by such conduct." "Ob, aunt!" moaned Rachel piteously, as if she had an unexpected blow. " I don't like to apeak harshly to you, my dear," Mrs. Hardy proceeded, in a rather more gentle, but still irritated, tone. " Only you must not vex me -with such absurd and childish notions. I know it is only a passing whim-you are over-tired, and yon are hurt because Mr. Kingston paid Miss Hale so much attention, though it is only what he does to all women, without meaning any thing whatever; but Btill it is a serious and horrible thing-breaking an engagement, a really happy engagement, as yours is-jilting a kind, good man, after giving him every en couragement-even to think of! Don't let j me hear you mention it again, unless you want to break my heart altogether. And after I all I have done for you-I don't want to boast, | but I have been a good aunt to you, Rachel, and you would have been in a poor place but I for me-the least you can do is to respect my wishes, especially as you know I wish nothing but what iB for your real good and welfare." Rachel wandered back to her bed, laid her head gently on the pillow, and closfed her eyes. Mrs. Hardy, in the dead silence that pre I eently ensued, was relieved to think that she I had " Bettled off" at last; but it was not sleep i that kept her BO quiet-it was the calmness of defeat and despair.. . 