$axm. ILLUSIVE VISIONS. Modebn science has made as ewsra4hat the old belief in apparitions rested on nothing more than fllnsive fancies caused by some kind of nhvsieal deraneement of the person bo aneeted. It is important that young persons should be made thoroughly aware of the fact that there never was and never will be any such fancy which is not capable of being explained npon natural grounds. A person in weak health, though in perfect possession of all his (acuities, begins to be troubled by waking vieioDB. of persons with - whom he may be familiar, or who. may have been long dead, or who sometimes may appear at perfect strangers to him. The spectres who flit before him, ' com* like shadows' and ' so depart.' They represent, in the most perfect manner, the reproductions of things that are or wen — utterly intangible creations. The subject of these visitations may heat .the spectres convene, and they may even talk in turn to Him. He is perfectly aware of their visionary nature, and is as convinced of their unreality as is the friend who sees them not,, and to whom the phantoms are described. No rtupicions of insane delusion as to theee visitations can be entertained for * moment, and the question may therefore naturally be put to : the man. of science, 'How can these illusions be accounted for?' The answer is to be found in one of the simplest studies in the physi ology of nerves and of mind, and shows us that theee illusions have a material basis, or that, in the words of the poet, the 'shadow proves the substance (rue.' To thoroughly elucidate the subject of illusions within a brief space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, such as Have been recorded for instruction »nd edification in the pages of the Physiologist. One of the best known casts — deriving its interest from the fact that the subject of the visitations in question himsal* narrates the focta— Is that of Nicolai, a weli-known citlnnand bookseller of Berlin, who read an accoua- of hie cue before the Berlin Academy of Sciences, We »hsll give the account in his own words. 'Daring the few laner months of the year' 1J90,' eaye Nicolai, ' I had experienced several melan choly incidents, which deeply aficoved me, particularly in September, from which time I tuflerad an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that sfieoted me with the most poignant grief. I was accustomed to be bted twice a year, and this had been done onee on the 9-h of July, but was omitted to be xepoattd at the end of the year 1790. . . I bad, in January and February ol the year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant circumstances, whiea were followed on the 24tn of February by & most violent altercation. My wife and another1 person came into* my Apartment in the morning in order to console me ; but I was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most powerfully sffeoted my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived, at about the distance of ten eteps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. It was but natural that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed Her very much, and etae sent immediately for a physi cian. The phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being extremely exhausted, fell into a rest less sleep, which lasted about Haif-an-Honr. The phyeioian ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return ; bnt the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, which deserve a more minute description. ?* At four in the afternoon, the form whioh I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this Happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; bnt there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which, however, at intervals disappeared, and always pre sented itself in a standing posture. About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, whioh had no connection with the first. After the first day, the form of the deceased person no more appeared; but its plaoe was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances but mostly strangers: those whom I knew, were com posed of living and deceased persons, bnt . the number of the latter was comparatively 8mali. . . When IshntmyeyeBtheBe forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though there were instances when I beheld them with my eyes dosed ; yet, when they disappeared on soon occasions, they generally returned when I opened my eyes. . . - They all ap peared to me in their natural sige, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in tbeir dresses, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real nature ; none of the figures appeared particularly terrible, comi cal, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent shape, and some presenting a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more frequently did they 'return, while at the same time they inoreaBed in number about four weeks after they had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among them selves, but more freqt^ently they addressed their dieoouree to me j their speeches being uncommonly short and never of an unpleas ant turn. At different times there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both sexes, whose addresses tended to appease my grief, whioh had not yet wholly subsided ; their consolatory speeches were in general addressed tome when. I was alone. Some, times, however, I was accosted by these con soling friends, white I was engaged in company, and not nnfrequentls while real . persons were speaking to me. The consola tory addresses consisted sometimes of abrupt phrases, and at other times they were regularly executed.?* Such was Nieolai'a acoount of the phan tom-visitors who addressed and consoled him in his domestic affliction. It is interesting to pursue still further his aeoount of their: disappearance. The reader will recollect that Nioolai had neglected to repeat at the' end'of 1790 the blood-letting in which it was, ouBtomary in the days we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last decided that leeches should be used, and on 20 th April, 1791. at eleven o'clock in the morn ing, Ijioolai informs us the operation, was performed. ?? No person,' he oontinues, *' was with me besides the surgeon ; but dar ing the operation my ohamber was crowded with Human visions of all descriptions. This continued uninterruptedly ti:! about Halfan iwor atter four o'clock, just when my 4igest tion oommeneed. I then perceived that they began to move more slowly. Soon after, their colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely white: But they moved very little, though fhe forms were as distinct as before; growing, however, by degrees more obsoure, yet not fewer in num ber, as had generally been the ease. . . They now seemed to dissolve in the air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room was entirely cleared of my fantastic visitors. Sinoe that time,' adds Nioolai, ' I have felt twioe or three times a sensation as if they were going to reappear, without, however, actually seeing anything. The wane sensation surprised me just before I drew up this account, while I was examin ing some papers relative to tbfeee phenomena, whieh I fcftd drawn apin the year 179L' Snob, is a historical account of what may appear to the senses of a sane and reasonable - indiviouaL Before altering on their scien tific explanation it will be advisable to give one or two further examples of the pheno mena in question. On the oecasion of the fire wKieh destroyed part of the Crystal Palace, in the winter of 1866-7, part of «tb« Hfft«m9 fetf *m **&** t° ttW fiMB*. The chimpanzee, however, was believed to have escaped from his cage, and was presently seen on the roof endeavouring to save himself by dntehing in wild despair one of the iron beams which the fire had spared. The struggles of the animal toere watched with an intense curiosity mingled - with Horror and sympathy for toe supposed fate whioh awaited ihe unfortunate- monkey. What was the surprise of the spectators of an imminent tragedy to find that the object which, in the guise of a terrified ape, bad excited their iearc, resolved itself into a piece of canvas blind, so tattered, that to the eye of the imagination and when moved by the wind, it presented the exaot counterpart of a struggling animal ! Such an example is of especial interest, because it proves to us that not one person alone, but a large number of spectators may be deceived by an object imperfectly seen — and aided in the illusion by a vivid imagina tion-Mnto fancying all the details of a ?peetode of which the chief actor is entirely a myth. A slnKular cue Has been given on strict medical authority of a lady, who, walking from Penrhyn to Falmonth— -her mind being occupied with the subject ef drinking fountains— was certain sh« saw in the road a newly-erected fountain, bearing the inscrip tion, ' If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink.' As a matter of course she mentioned her Interest in seeing such aa erection to the daughters of the gentleman who was supposed to have placed the fountain in its position. They assured her that no such fountain wm in existence ; but, con vinced |of the reality of her senses on the ground that 'seeing is believing,' she repaired to the spot where ahe bad seen the fountain, only to .find, however, a few scattered stone* in place of the expected erection. We may now turn to consider the scientific explanation of such curious phenomena in human existence. The causes of these illusions are not difficult to understand, since they in reality depend upon a slight derange ment of the powers whereby we see and hear in an ordinary and normal method. To make our meaning clear, let us briefly consider what takes place in ordinary sensation, when we set or hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. Toe eye alighting on aa object transfers en impression of that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of eight, which leada from the eye to the part of the brain exercising the senee of sight. Wein reality do not see with the eye. Taat organ is ' merely an arrangement of lenseB sdapted to receive, focus, and otherwise adjust rays of liirht streaming from the objects we see. Tile function of the eye ie »mply that of adjostipg and correlating the conditions necessary for the production of an impression. This impression ia carried in due com Be to a special pert of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation— that of sight. We thus truly see. not with (be eye, font with the brain, or rather with thai portion, of the braxniohich Uea in direct relation with the nerves of sight. The eye represents the lenses of the photographer's camera; but the brain corre sponds to the sensitive plate which receives the image of the sitter, and on which all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other censes, the same prominent feature may aleo be ?xpretBed — namely, that in the brain and net in the mere organ of sense must be allocated the truft seat of knowledge. The ear modifies waves of sound ; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hear ing. The finger tenches an object ; but the seat of knowledge does not exist at the extremity of the hand. The! impression of touch is duly conveyed to the brain as before, there to be analysed, commented upon, and, if necessary, acted upon as welL On the appreciation of the simple-fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses tests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. When we are conscious of looking at a real object, a sensation of sight is forraed in the brain, as we have eeen. Such a sensation we called an 'objective' one, because it is derived from a veritable object. So also, when we Hear a tone played by a person whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unBeen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called ''subjec tive.' But there are many ' familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we nave received is demonstrated. The day- dreamer can sometimes bring- the scenes in which he has once taken part so vividly before his mental gaze, that his reverie may actually be broken by the words which unconsciously flow from his lips as his imagination etarte into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint imitation of a etillmore powerful means which we possess of bringing before our selves the forms and scenes which have once bean objectively present with us. In the dream this power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of conadouBness, so to speak, we project forwards^ in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproducing, or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends of its fancy to form the- ludicrous com binations we are familiar with in the ' land of Nod.' And if we carry the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking momenta, to form the ghostoof science, the explanation oi the otherwise curious and mysterious subject of illusive visions will be complete. . % \- We know then that the brain Has the ordinary power of forming images whieh may be projected outwards in the form of the fancies of every-day life. But these projected fancies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images under the requisite con ditions. When we Hear ' a ringing in the ears,' we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, and scientifically we say that the qensation of hearing in such a case is an internal or subjective one. When we see flashes of light whioh have ho exUienoe in the outside world oh whioh we happen to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in the same way. Now, on snob, a basis, the ghosts of science are both raised and laid. The images and phantomB of Nioolai, like the sparks or flaBheB of light, are subjective sen sations. They arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the brain which would have received the impressions of sight had the objeots in question had an actual existence. Bat the subject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will be found that ilineive/visions appear only when the Health of the BUbjeot of these visitations ie in a weakly etate. The derangement of the Health is the primary cause ot these curious states. It is, However, equally worthy of remark that many of the phantasms of Nioolai were ? persons whom he knew. Such visions then may- be -supposed to comply represent the effects oi very recent images whioh had been received and stored hi the brain, and whioh were evolved by the exercise of aneonseions. memory. Of the deceased persons whose images appeared to , him, ..the eame remark may be made!— memory again reproducing, by the subjective impressions oi the -train, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Jticolai d-d not recognise? The reply which science offers is that these also were .images or conceptions Qf persons whom NicoHUmnsthave eeen at some time, but wbpin he couldj not remember: mysterious reproductions, by the brain, of events which nave been impressed thereon, but which had escaped; remembranoe by ordinarymemory. Eventhecharacterswhom* Nicolai may Have simply ^heard described could be thus produced, and present ap parently the images of persons with whom He was not, as a matter of conscious memory, familiar. The brain, in other words,1 registers and rememberainore^than memory can evolve ; - and it is iwm^^'^^ to 49OB0HTB that forgotten imagoe of frogs or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of Nicolai's waking dreams. It is .noteworthy that, only after a long period of vMtationfromHiB fantastic friendB, did Nicolai begin to Hear them speak. Thus the sense of hearing had also come' in time to- lend its-aid in propagating- the illusions ; and the fact that the visions addressed -Nicolai concerning hia own immediate affairs and Mb personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows &e; unconscious action of a mind which, was brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving from within itself the comfort and conso lation of kindly friends. Last of all, that the material basis of these visionary friends resided in the weakly body of their Host is provedby their disappearance on theresump tion of the customary blood-letting and the improvement of the health — an additional f net showing the relation of the healthy body to the sound mind. One of the most interesting oases of vision seeing by a person of culture and intelligence is that related ia the Athenaeum of 10th January, 1880, by the Bev. Dr. Jessopp, who, in Lord Orford's library, when engaged in copying some literary notes, feaw a large white hand, and then, as he teusus, perceived ' the figure of a somewhat Huge man, with his back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examining the pileof books I had been at work upon.' The figure was dressed in some antique ecclesiastical garb. The figure vanished when Dr. Jessopp made a movement with his arm, bat re appeared, and again vanished when the reverend narrator threw down a book witb whioh he had been engaged. Dr. Jeseopp'e recital 'called forth considerable comment, and a letter from Dr. Andrew Wilson of Edinburgh, presenting a theory based on the principles of subjective sensations, treated of in the present paper. After detailing the f asbionin which subjective sensations become projected forwards, Dr. Wilson says {Athenceum, 17 ih January, 1880) :- ' The only point ? concerning which any dubiety «xiets, conoerns the exact origin of the specific images which appear as the result of sub jective sensory action. My own idea ia that almost invariably the projected image ia that of a person we huve seen an-t read abaut. . . In Dr. Jeseopp'a ease there is one fact whioh seems to weigh materially in favour of the idea that tjie vision which appeared to Him in Lord Orford's library was an un conscious reproduction of some mental image or fi=;ure about which the doctor may very likely bare concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study.' It is most interesting to observe that in the succeed ing number of the Athaueum, a Mr. Walter Bye writes : ' Dr. A. Wilson's solution that the ' spectre* . . was an un conscious reproduction of some mental image or figure about whicHDr. Jessopp may very likely have concerned Himself in the way of antiquarian study, seems the right one, and £ thirife I can identify the 'ghost.' The ecclesiastically dressed large man, with closely cut, reddish- brown' hair, and shaved cheek, appears to me* the doctor's remembrance of the portrait of Parsons, the Jesuit Father, whom He calls, in his 'One Generation of a Norfolk 'House/ 'the manager and moving Bpuif of the Jesuit mission in England. . . . Dr. Jessopp, when He thought He saw the figure, was alone in an old library, belong, ing- to a Walpole, and Father Parsons was the leader of Henry Walpole, the hero of his just-cited book. Small wonder, there fore, if the association of the ideas made him think of Parsons.' All such illusive visions are thus readily explained as the creatures of an ima^nna.. tion which, through some, brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visions forward, on the seats of - sense, as the 'ringing' in our ears is produced by some irritation . of the Hearing-centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduction of a present memory, and the unknown vision is the reproduction of a forgotten figure which has, nevertheless, been stored away in some nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. Science may thus — as we have before had frequent occasion to assure our readers — dispel thejllusion by its free explanation j and science has no higher function or nobler use than when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious, dhd brought within the sphere of ordinary knowledge. — Chambers Journal. 