{ AMUSEMENTS. THE OPERA HOUSE. I The Opera House was well attended last night when Robert Planquette's comic opera " Les Cloches de Chine rifle," was again performed. The music to this opera is good, the melodies, are original, some of them strikingly-so, the action is well sustained, and there is throughout a dash and sparkle which attract and interest the audience. The Introductions noticing, it contains one of the best Mrs. a song first sung by Serpolette, and repeated again and again during the opera. The " business" is considerably altered from the original. In the opening tableau the scene represents the cliffs of Calvados, on the coast of Normandy. The rocks are well painted, and in the fore- ground there are trees and shrubberies skirting the water I edge. The first chorus is of the servants ready for hiring. in the market at the fair. This was well sang; and followed by some " gossip couplets," in which the Bailie, Germaine, and Grenieheux are talked about." Soipolotto joins and gossips more than all. The music for this part is important, and in the hands of Miss Clara Thompson, who is now singing it in London, we can imagine its success. That the incongruity, " the only Leon." cannot sing it is no marvel, but the lack of force and other failings in our eyes are b danced to the full in the eyes off some of the audience by the dress deport ment, and excess in other parts That the " only Leon " S crosses remark ably well is widely known the Somerset attractive, and its failings are not, in our opinion catered for by the overacting The roads, I may be Princess" ought to have a good vocalist fine barcarolle, On billow rocking," is a fine terror arr prorthy of a permanent place in music, Mr Rud sang at capitally He does not get much, but his voice is invaluable The due which follows this between the tenor and his love Germaine (Miss Wangenheim), was effectively sung After the appearance of the lost Maiqurs (Mr Winter), Combine has a thorough!, good sung, the Legend of the Bells," worth a refrain "Drug, pong," etc This is taken up by the chorus, and reminds the hearer of the "Anvil Chorus" In the popular" frontage ' It was open itedly rendered, and encored The disguised Marquis has a London waif time, it does not suit Mr Winter, whose voice is not heard to advantage, and whose physique is unsuited to the character, but the time is a good one, and the audience wanted it and had it a second time. The concerted music fresh and bro slit, and a 01 j well done One splendid vi art? song for ÇiicniclieuA. in the English version, " that night I'll never forget, ' is omitted here the second scene shows the road to Corneville, and in front of this the lasses ii d lads in pans, the scores distinctly separate, search along the stage to the fan are lining scene is as good as the t me Marstin " the song of the housemaids, (with the saucy Seipoletto our interfering ', is merry and effective In the concerted music there is an earnest saying, which is very pleasing, and the finale isp worked up to an imposing close In the second act the scene is in the haunted chamber at Corneville Chateau The returned lord and his re farmers once the hall resolved to find out the mystery The choir] s "let our torches ' opens the vocal part well Sorpoletfo'b definite song, " Not a ghost at all " is at character exotic beauty number, which Mr Leon elaborates , I the Bailie Mr W Ball, has to Hu for song, f* Oh dear, O dear," which was encored, there comes some of the best music in the whole, scheme reciting c and as for the Marquis. Which we think will be quietly appropriated by our tenor singer and the idioms " Silent Heroes," (which is almost chorale style, and is dignified in subject and ; in it ment Germaine hn i staying ditto , father Norman custom," which was, MisS Wangenheim's best efforts of the evening The music for the ghost scenes is appropriately weird and helen Sir Searoll'desoí ves commendation 'for his clever orchestral management of it Gaspard (Mr Kells), has nor very much to sing out he makes HIP most of it, and his acting and conception of the character he plays are far and away ahead of the Other members of theeiompanv- ho IS excellent fire "Silent heroes" chorus and the song of the bells are heard for the second time in the close of the second act, with increased effect Serpolette is A on prominent in the opening of the third set but more for her costume and pietoutroub»a\irj than for her insisted. Germaine and the Marquis have fcusontniional duet after which there is a grand clearing up of the story ; and finale of the music We /werounnblo to broome score, and can only speak of the general ment of I the opening musically, winds who appears, in our opinion, very considerably The inanaig''iHdosorvo great credit for the plucky enterprise in bringing out a work of such dimensions!, and to the pi no pain, till t her us, and the band with its competent < CIRCLE 1 ji, girl at praise may well be given. The spinning well received, and the curtain raised after each act The poor should, have a good run \- i " ' 