OPENING OF THE BELL ST. BRIDGE, COBURG. As we stated in our last issue, the opening of the above bridge was made the occasion of a grand gala for the residents of Coburg and adjoining Shires. From an early hour in the morning, workmen were at work putting the township of Coburg into holiday trim. Across the Sydney-road and B:-ll-street, at their intersection, were suspended flags of all nations; flags were also displayed at the public hall, and on the bridge. Mr.Nettleton, the photographer, was specially engaged to take views of the bridge and the spectators at the most imposing parts of the ceremony. A few minutes before the time appointed for the opening, numbers of tlfe residents wended their way down Bell-street, towards the bridge, and at three o'clock there were between 600 and 700 persons assembled. Punctually at three o'clock the Hon. the Commissioner of Public 1 Works (G. D. Langridge, Esq.) drove up, and was introduced to Cr. Hutton, the President of the Shire, and the various councillors of the Shires of Coburg and Jika. The Brunswick band, being in attendance, was directed to march across the bridge, and on their return were drawn up in front of the President, who lost no time in i introducing the Hoen. the Commissioner I of Public Works, who said he had been f invited during ;.'e past few days to 1 come out and Vpen the Bell-street bridge. Of course he did not suppose le was invited as Geo. D. Langridge, i but as Commissioner of Public Works. I A week or two ago it would not have been so, but under any circumstances it 1 would have been the Commissioner of 1 Public Works, for the time being. He looked upon the completion and open- I ing of this bridge as an omen of future 1 prosperity. The Shires of Coburg and Jika were very modest in their de mapds, and therefore deserved encouragement. This was his first I public act, and he did not know how long he would be allowed to reign. (Laughter). He then declared the bridge open to the public for traffic. The President of the Shire, Cr. Hutton, then informed the spectators that the bridge and approache? had been com pleted at a total cost of £3000. Towards that outlay they received from -the Shire of Jika £400, and from the Water Supply Department, for carrying water mains under the bridge, £200. The Council had been for the last two 1 or three years accumulating a fund for this work, and he was pleased to inform the ratepayers that they would not have any extra rates to pay consequent upon its erection. Mr. Cook, member for the district, complimented the ratepayers and coun cillors on the erection of so substantial a bridge, and gave an amusing account of his trepidation on one or two occa sions when crossing the old bridge. The band having played the "National Anthem," the visitors adjourned to the public hall, at the invitation of the president and councillors, where a sub stantial repast was served, under the able management of Mr. Rolland, of the Pentridgo Hotel, who deserves special mention for the beautiful display, all being accomplished at only two days' notice. While Mr. Rolland resides in Coburg, there will be no excuse to go to the city for a caterer on any future public occasion. .Each dish was got up most artistically, and the guests had a practical illustration of the prominent part our domestic carrot and turnip can be made to play in the hands of an artist. About sixty sat down to the banquet, the :President, (Sir. Chas. Hutton) occupied the chair, having on his right hand, the Hon. the Commissioner of Puiblic Works, Hon. j. Balfour, M.J.C., Mr. Davies, and G.' O. Duncan, aind on the left Mr. Cook, M.L.A., Hon. -. Ramnsay, and Dr. Dobson, M.L.C. The Vice-chair was occupied by Cr. Kyle. The Rev. \- Mr. Watson, :was called upon: to say grace, at the conclusion of which the Chairman said the guests would notice an entire absence of the stimulants cus tomary on such occasions, as being n teetotaleri, -heacould not consistently with his irofessions, have it otherwise. I After about an hour being devoted to..discussing Mr. Rol land's good- things, the Chairman pro posed the "Health of the Queen," which . wasl duly. honored,:the band playing thei" 'NationalAnthem." The Chairman also proposed the "Health of the Governor," in response to which the band played ~" He'a a jolly good fellow.'" The Vice-Chairman, Mr. Kyle, in proposing the tcastý to the Ministry, said it was an accepted axiom in all British colonies, on festive occasions such as the present, to toast the Ministry, as the Government of the day. He would in this instance, couple with it the names of their guest, the Hon. G. D. Langridge, the Commis sioner of Public Works. In response, the Commisioner of Public Works said on behalf of the Ministry, he returned his sincere thanks. He only wished the event had occurred a week back, as it was almost impossible to speak so as not to give offence to some one. As his chief would, on Monday night, at Gee long, shadow forth his policy, it would not be politic for him to touch upon the questions of the day. We had had two dissolutions within the last few months, which, he hoped, he would not see again. He was a new Minister, although an old member, and had a habit of saying what he meant, and of doing what he said he would. The Honorable gentleman concluded by ex pressing the earnest hope, that in the course of a few weeks, when the House met, a moderate feeling would pervade all sections of politics. Cr. Dennis (Jika)proposed the "Par liament of Victoria," and said one of the Houses was yet very young, and the country expected great things at its hands. Among others he thought the claims of Shire Councils deserved early consideration. The money handed over to these bodies as sub.idie, could not be more economically or judiciously ex pended ; the opening of the bridge, which they had met to celebrate, was an evidence of that. Dr. Dobson, M.L.C., was glad to hear that moderation was to be the rule. He thought the question of Reform, might well be shelved. The amount of legislation during the past two or three years was almost nil. The whole ques tion of Reform was a mere sham. (Ex pressions of dissent from Mr. Lang ridge.). He was reminded that he was treading on dangerous ground. How ever, the real ghost was Payment of Members. Messrs. Balfour and 'Buchanan, M.L.Cs.and Cook and Ramsay, M.L.As. also responded. Cr. Paterson (Jika) proposed "Pros perity to the Shire of Coburg," Cr. Hutton, President, responded. Cr. Hunt proposed the " Health of the members of the Shire of Jiks." Cr. Dennis responded. The toasts of the press and the clergy, were duly given, and responded to, when the gathering dispersed. About seven o'clock, the band com menced to march about, accompanied by a number of torch-bearers, who at intervals discharged fireworks, which gave the proceedings a very attractive appearance, the rejoicings were kept up till after 10 o'clock at night, everyone being disposed to do their utmost to make the affair successful. 