SCOTCH GHOSTS. (from leisure hour.) Hugh Miller, in his " Schools and School masters," gives an instance from his child hood which seems to rank him amongst veritable ghost-seers. He gives a remin iscence from his earliest childhood of that night when, in the wild and fatal tem pest, his father went down at sea. His mother had jnst received a cheerful letter from the father, so that there were no forebodings in the dwelling. She was sitting, plying her cheerful needle by the household fire. The door had been left unfastened, and she sent little Hugh to shut it; it was in the twilight. " A grey haze," he says, " was spreading a neutral tint of dimness over distant objects, but left the near ones comparatively distinct, when I saw at the open door, within less than a yard of my breast, as plainly as I ever saw anything, a dissevered hand and arm stretched towards me ; the hand and arm were apparently those of a female. They bore a livid and sodden appearance, and directly fronting me, where the body ought to have been, there was only a blank transparent space, through which I could see the dim forms of the objects be yond. I was fearfully startled, and ran shrieking to my mother, telling what I had seen ; and the house-girl, whom she next sent to shut the door, apparently af fected by my terror, also returned fright ened, and said that she too had seen the woman's hand." In the University of St. Andrews a custom obtains that, on the death of a professor, intimation of the event is con veyed by messenger to the other members of the institution. In 1842 an aged pro fessor was very ill, and his decease was expected daily. One of his colleagues sat down to his usual evening devotions with his household. His wife was reading a portion of Scripture when, watch in hand, the professor asked her whether it was I not precisely half-past nine. The lady, , taking out her watch, answered that it ! When the service was concluded, the professor explained that at the time he had interrupted the reading he had seen his ailing colleague, who had sig nalled him an adieu. He felt satisfied his friend h»d then expired. Hot long j after a messenger arrived, reporting that ■ Dr. H. had died that evening at half-past nine. There is a singular story connected with the death of Mungo Park on his second great African expedition. His sister, Mrs. Thomson, lived with her husband on their farm of Myreton, among the Ochils. She had received a letter from her brother, expressing his hope that he would shortly return home, and saying that she would not be likely to hear from him again until she saw him on his return. Shortly after this she was in bed ; she fancied she heard a horse s feet on the road before her win dow. Sitting up in bed, she instantly saw her brother, the great traveller, open the door and walk toward her in bis usual at tire. She expressed her delight, sprang i up from bed, stretched out her arms to | embrace him, and only folded them over I her own breast. By the dim light she could still only believe that he had stepped aside, that he was, perhaps, jok ing with her; and while she was unbraid ing him for retreating from her, her hus band came into the room and assured her of her delusion. This was the last that was heard of Mungo Park; the date of his death is unknown. Mrs. Thomson is described as a shrewd, intelligent woman, not at all inclined to superstition, but she always believed that his death took place at the time when she imagined he had re turned to her at Myreton. Some of the spectres, of visions, of the Highlands of the old time seem almost like allegories. A farmer, whose high character gave him great influence in his elevated ham let, lost his children, one after another; at last he lost a little child who had taken great hold on the father's affections ; the father's grief was intemperate and quite unbounded. The death took place in the spring, when, although the sheep were abroad in the more inhabited Lowlands, they had to be preserved from the blasts of that high and stormy region in the cote. In a dismal, snowy evening, the man, unable to stifle his anguish, went out lamenting aloud ; he went to the do or of his sheep-cote to take a Iamb he needed, and he found a stranger at the door. He was astonished to find, in such a night, any person in bo unfrequented a place! He was plainly attired, but with a eoun! tenance singularly expressive ®f mildnesB and beneficence. The stranger, very sin gularly, asked the farmer what he did there amidst the tempest of such a night. The man was filled with awe, which he could not account for, but said he came th^jp for a lamb. " What kind of lamb d» you mean to take 1" said the stranger. "The very best I can find," answered the farmer; " but eome into the house ! andshare our evening meal." Do your sheep make any resistance when you take away the Iamb, or any dis turbance afterward ?" " Never," said the farmer. " How differently am I treated," said the traveller ; " when I come to visit .my sheepfold, I take, as I am well entitled to take, the best lamb to myself, and my ears are filled with the clamour of discon tent by those ungrateful sheep whom I have fed and watched and protected." 