ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, MA15CH 5, 1S80. TUE thirty-seventh monthly meeting of the Rockhampton Terminable Building Society No. G, was held at tho offices of the Secretary (Mr. U. L. Dibdiu) last night, Messrs. A. Focz and Linlhwaitc presiding ns directors. Tho subscriptions mid interest received amonuted lo £180 3s. lld. Twenty-one advance shares were 6old at au average of thirteen per cent. AMONORI' the passengers from Brisbane by thc Governor Blackall, Btcamcr, which arrived yesterday, was Miss Morrison who has como to Rockhampton to assume thc duties appertaining to thc position nf head uclfèvc thaf,''flic\nponi{nicnî was kept upon until Miss Morrison's arrival from langland, and that lady possessing mort suitable quali- fications was offered the vacant post. OK Saturday Mr. Janies Duncan, who is styled the champion long-distanco walker of this colony, announces that he will make his first appearance in Rockhampton, when ho will essay to walk 75 miles in fourteen and a-half hours. Thc School of Arts has been engaged, and Mr. Duucan starts on his journey at 9"30 a.m. and finishes at midnight. As thc feet is n. novelty hero and thc charge for admission moderate, thc pedestrian should receive a fair share of public patronage. THE selections made by tho Govornineut of members for the Aramac and Diamantina Divisional Boards, seem to have given general satisfaction, especially at Aramac. It is boped that the gentlemen selected will consent to act, and use their best efforts to promote the interests with which they are charged. Thc Aramac Mail very properly suggests that if the Divisional Boards of Diamantina, Kar goolnab, and Belyando, were to act together, they could secure a competent professional man, who would act for each of thc divisions. THE Committee of the proposed Meat Pre- serving Company mot yesterday afternoon at four o'clock at thc office of Messrs. Brown and Risien. There wore present :-Messrs. J. Thomson (Chairman), J. Button, W. Bertram, A. Archer, M.L.A., H. Macdermott, 0. l ox, and J. Brown (Secretary). Thc Secretary read the minutes of the previous meeting which were confirmed, and a general dis cassion ensued regarding the prospects of launching thc; Company. It was eventually decided, on the motion of thc Chairman, seconded by Mr. J. Button that thc meeting be adjourned until May 4, pending thc receipt of advices from Loudon. Thc Committee thea scpartcd. Oun Sydney telegrams state that first prizes have been awarded to Captain limiter, and thc Rockhampton Inhibition Committee, and a second-class certifícate lo the Presbyterian Church, Rockhampton - all for exhibits of marble. Now thc Presbyterian Church, Kock hampton, sent no exhibits to the Kxhibilioii, but wc believe a font worked iu marble, from a cfharry at Calliope, by a local workman for thc Presbyterian Church, <J hailstone, was sent for exhibition, and Ibis is probably what is meant in thc telegram. Captain Hunter and thc Rockhampton Inhibition Committee have received telegrams from Mr. Layton, inform- ing them that they have severally been awarded first-class certificates for their ex- hibits of marble. "CAV.I.TOXV (ihnsl " Company, it will be remembered, afforded many nights nf amuse moût in thc School of Arts some mouths a?o, and thc latest movements respecting tlie '* Ghost " we glean from thc Toint -ril1-- 1/rrr '</, which paper slates that l>onald HainiHon, aliits Cameron, c'.'"s Wiünielt, nixl Kv.i Wyndham, rr//.-s- Hamilton, were charged before thc I'oliec Ma;'iv'v:\'.c, on remand from Charters Towers. with ^;<-aKn=' a l.».\ eoui.im iu^ a satin dress, a stuf dress, an-l sundry articles va'nnil al Ci) M., ll-c p.rty ..f William Henry (.rei:;, «ho, a j p.opi ioinr of "Carlton's t. ii-wt" :-:i.I.w, irai l..i..-.vn bete .r. Mr. Carlton. Aller hcsriii'- i vi-Liav ns tu finding the lio\ in :i s'-irc when it v.-a- ... I,.ive been left until called for by thu malu pri.i.iu<:r, Hit.prisoners were remind -.1 Au ei.Jit .i.i>-. A lar^e 'jiiauliiy "if wl.v.'Hjiii'.ry wu* prodneed, looking iu daylight rather leas entrancing than it would have done had it been displayed behind the footlights. Ar tho Police Court yesterday, before tho Pulioo, Magistrate, a drunkard, who, when searched, was found to bein possession of Xii, was fined ¡ive shillings, with thc alternative of twenty-four hours in tho cells. ls the Small Debts Court case of K. Brod fcldt ». W. K. Higson, in which thc plaintiff eues for damages occasioned by the defendant levying on his property, the Police Magistrate reserved his decision until this morning. THE plans and specifications for thc erection of a State School and teacher's residence at Yaamba, may be inspected by intending tenderers at thc Court House. Tenders will be received at thc Department of Public Instruction, Brisbane, up to April 2. Wi: understand that Mr. M. D. M «Eacham has received a telegram from thc representa- tives of Iiis firm in Loudon, desiring him to take no action with reference to further ship- ments of frozen meat until receipt of letter dated 13th February, as arrangements arc beiug made in Loudon, WITH reference to the case of Ah You i\ John Hourigan, heard before the Police Magistrate on January 10, in which thc defendant was sentenced to nine months im- prisonment for illegally taking a horse, we are informed by Mr. H. Milford, thc solicitor for the prosecution, that ho received a telegram yesterday, stating thc rule ir. : for a prohibition applied for by Messrs. Joucs and Brown, had been dismissed with costs. THE traffic earnings on the Central Railway for the week ended February 21, amounted ti £853 3s. 8d., showing, as compared with thc corresponding period of last year, an inciense of £142 Hs. lld. There was an increase of £215 Cs. Id. in thc receipts for gooih and stock, and a decrease of £JG ls. Sd. in fares, and £10 9s. (id. in thc parcels receipts. Thc trafile earnings on thc Southern mid Western liai!, way for the above period ainonntcd to £2702 5s. 4d., showing, as compared with tho corresponding week of last year, a decrease of £857 Cs. 7d. The total receipts for tho year up to dato were-Central line, £8077 Os. 9d.; decrease, £121G Gs. Od. Southern and Western line, £29,537 Ss, Gd.; decrease, £81 lGs. lld. MR. B. FAIROLOCIIII will appear at the Theatre Royal this evening, in company with Miss Elcia May, when will be given thc well known courtship scene from Shakespeare's play of Richard ITI ; as also throe scenes from Hamlet, viz., the Closet Scene, the celebrated Mad Sceuc of Ophelia, and tho scene between Ophelia and Hamlet. In the course of their travels, Mr. Ii. Fnirclough and Miss Flcia May have received many highly complimentary notices from the Press in various parts of these colonies. Thc pro- gramme for to-nieht will include thc operatic gem "0 Mio Fernando," from La Favorita; ns also, "Yes, we miist part," from the " Daughter of thc Regiment." Should the weather prove favourable a large attendance may be anticipated. Tun reports received from thc various stations throughout the colony, and posted at the local Telegraph Offiee yesterday morning, indicated that thc weather bad settled to fine, with thc exception of Nebo, where 015 iuch reported a thunderstorm occurred, with heavy rain of two hours' duration. A gentleman who came overland from St. Lawrouce, states that Connor River and Funnel Creek were in flood, though not very high. The Fitzroy River since Wednesday evening rose two inches. Thc Traffic Manager, Central Rail- way, informs us that yesterday morning thc Comet Rivor had fallen seventeen inches below thc bridge rails, and thc Dawson bad gone down three feet from the highest flood mark on Tuesday last. The daily trains on and after to-day will run according to tho ordinary time-table. There is a strong current in the Dawson. Wr; see by tho Townsville papers that Mr. W. C. Clements, was chosen unanimously as Engineer of Waterworks by the Municipal Council of Townsville. There were eight applicants for thc appointment, vi/ ; -Joseph Shakespeare, of Charters Towers, salary £oo0 per annum; James Rodgers, Brisbane, £400 ; Alexander Stewart, Brisbane, £500 ; W. C. Clements, Rockhampton, £(¡00, (offering to assist as Town Surveyor and Engineer); ll, C. Campbell, Rockhampton, £400; Charles H. Brittain, Townsville, £500, with £100 per annum allowance for horse and instruments ; Robert Austin, Brisbane, t'3 3s. per day ; and George Nolan, Townsville (late of India), £20 per month, with progressive increase at thc discretion of thc Council. It appears that Mr. Clements secured thc appointment by a unanimous vote, although asking the highest salarj\ The Toinwïlfr. J/cral'f commenting upon thc proceeding, says:-"Aldermen did not seem to take very long in arriving nt thc man of their choice. Mr. Clements is without doubt a good man for thc work-and in saying this we do not mean to cast any reflection on the unsuccc.sful candidates, many of whom presented testimonials equally as flattering as those produced by Mr. Clements. Wc fancy what told most in Mr. Clements' favor was that ho has, in the Rockhampton Waterworks, which were constructed on his plans and under his supervision, a very telling proof of his ability. Thc Rockhampton works com- prise duplicate engines callable of pumping 40,000 gallons of water per hour, a large reservoir, sixteen miles of mains mid sub mains, and several stand-pipes for supplying water-carts, etc. Thc total cost of the works, as stated by Mr. Clements in his letter, was £20,000, being a shade within his estimate. In addition to Mr. Clement's services as hydraulic engineer, he promises to givo the Council all the assistance his leisure will permit as town surveyor and engineer, and in this direction bc will be exceedingly useful, thc want of professional services in super- vising the municipal works having been at times very much felt by the Council. Alto- gether, wc think thc Council Ins made a wise selection, and we have little fear that they will have any cause in futuru to regret their choice. IV Mi Dives* MAii.s_.Iti» to bc re-retted I'M vs the T-h i.:t"i) that «leus are not taken t t f 1 tl I ll I m.iüs liv a more, available rua.l. A lew heavy i.li.v.- ri reider ¡'.ic roil f.-.j'ii Ki ier:iM < .:,.,..]!-, ;.--i'.î.... Kil'., r Tlier.-a i've..!: 1» ci.ui-s :-n nWan-.raV.e barrier, r.mW' . Hui .: rope :-.i:.l .-IÏC orelie thc\,\?, \ soil ii '.IM -i, el -V for ii: ie"::: '. V.'.i li.-cil 1. Lui w'-iV i- ,-..<«<. have t., bil farru..|| 1..V . ,. !:? i -..iii (ileane rather than diminish. All this mMil bo r. I.ie,Ii,..1 with lill!, tr..illiV ur , ¡,. "??.-].'? |->l>»|«, nt excpimnol ,.-ri..U wi,.-., thc country is flooded more or lesa, and even tlie railway line is blocked. When our Emerald road is imnassablo, it would be easy to carry thc mails by Keilambete, on which route there is a pretty hard road, and Theresa freck could bo crossed uoar its bead, about 14 miles from Copperfield. Tho road is a little longer than thc other ; but its adoption in wet weather would prevent tho mails getting so hopelessly behind. A STARE COMBAT.-In Monday's issue of the 8. M. lierai! it is stated that Mr. Jordan;, au actor at tho Victoria Theatre, mot with a slight accident on tho previous Friday in thc lost act of tho play " Insured Al at Lloyd's." lie had, in accordance with the details of the plot, to bo stabbed to tho heart with a swordstiok, and tho mimic murder was nearly turning out seriously, as in the struggle tho sharp edgo of the sword was brought against his arm with sufficient force to cause a rather awkward, though not serious wound. Sin-ni AusTr.Ai.iAN MOKTHAOK COMÍ-AN V. -From privato information, dated Edinburgh, January 18, we (S. A. Ilr'jixler) leam that 18,480 shares in South Australian Mortgage Company were offered to thc public, and in four days 254,SIS shares were applied for, on which thc deposit of .£0.1,078 15s. was paid. "This," our correspondent adds, " is too satisfactory, it compels us to gicve those seeking to invest with us BO small a proportion of what they ask for. It is flattering, however, as a mark of the confidence the Scotch have in South Australia ; in fact, I may say that the next to Gladstone tho com- pany is thc most popular thing in Scotland." MvsTFinors OreTOiUîNCE.-A correspon- dent to thc ¿Si/tliie/i Miùt says :-"Thc mystery of headless trunk of a mau, which was found in thc reserve at Wagga in July last, buried under a heap of sand, has been again revived. A few weeks ago a bather in tho river fished up a bag containing photos and memoranda, all of which boro thc name of Kobcrt Standish Clarke. Thc man was a drover, and had visited Wagga periodically. People woudrcd what had become of him. Since finding thc memos., thc police have instituted enquiries, and found that Clarke was Inst seen going to Wagga from thc country. It bas siuco traus-pircd that about eight months ago a man beared some one going in thc direction of the reserve, crying out, " What tho devil do you want to do with mc ';" Clarke was known to bo what is termed " Hash " with money, and thc conclusion now is that, hciug drunk, he was led to the reserve and there murdered. Tho search for the head will bc resumed. Clarke comes of a good family in England, and was formerly of Warwick, Queenslaud. Tm: CUNNAMULLA BANK Rojiniîuv.-Wo (Courier) learn that Joseph AVells, now lying under Bcntcnco of death for shooting with intent during an attempt to rob thc hank at Cunnamulla, has made a written statement to thc authorities in which he implicates three other men as participants in his attempted robbery. He also alleges that tho robbery was first suggested to him by a mau in busi- ness in Castlereagh, New Sontli WalcB. He states that bc and tho others met by agree- ment rm thc Queensland border, and there it was arranged among them that he (thc pri- soner) should go to Cunnamulla and rob the bank ; that one of thc others should meet him with fresh horses after the robbery, and that the remaining two should stay behind to blind the tracks. Tho prisoner denies having fired n) Mr. Murphy, stating that he did not take any aim or seo which way thc revolver was pointing when he fired ; the weapon went off by accident, and had he desired to shoot Murphy he could have easily done so. Pri- soner also points out that he saw the %voundcd mau afterwaiils come out of thc liRiik door, so that he could not have UBcd thc words which Sergeant Byrne, in his evidence, ascribed to him, " I have stuck up thc Cunna- mulla bank, and I believe shot a man dead." AN AMEUICAS OL-ISION* ON AUSTRALIAN MEN" ASH Wini r.s.-Tho 'Sci» Franchm llitltt tin has sent " a special to Sydney, who describes thc Exhibition ns a "big bazaar," and savs of tho Australians : " They are ui. dv<i..jiit£. J ney .nc ^ogio.Qaxoirs, ann yet unlike both thc Americans and the Knglish. One is puzzled at first in the attempt to analyse thc difference in physique and demeanour. It is evident that an Australian typo is rapidly developing itself which in time will bo as distinct as that of New England. As compared with English people, tho inhabitants of this colony arc thinner and taller. Tho womcu lack the English hue of health, as well as thc English beauty. The dress badly, too ; the materials may be rich enough, but the taste is execrable. There is a slouching style about both sexes which is very offensivo to the eye of the stranger. Tho men dress worse than the women, and always seem 'on the loaf.' There is a lazy way of pursuing both business and pleasure herc which is quite distinct from the dignified langour of tho East, The children are, like ours in tho States, precocious enough. As a rule, I sould say they were just as bailly brought np as in Kew York. Thc amount of meat which children as well as grown people consume hero is something sui prising. Three times a day children are al h raed to gorge on coarse beef and mutton. Babies nie ta'.cn from thc breast tn suck a hone ! Einagino a child refusing fruit and cakes for such a fare ! .No wonder thc Australian typo is altering mentally as well as physically for thc worse. A diet chiefly com- piled cf animal fo ul and tea must in a :;eneralion or two produce deleterious effects. Already such arc visible. Thc difference between a Xew South Welshman and au lCii';lii,hmcn is much thc same ns that which e::i>jts between thc sparrows in Union and Ma.lieoii miliare and their English (ancestors, with tho c.\ce| lion that, instead of haring a small, ever-ready appearance, you must Iimagine a .Madison Tari; sparrow who has been on a ' high ' in the Lowery, and slouching around thc fountain Buffering a recovery." 