MELBOURNE. (fkom odr own cobkespomdbkt.) Thursday, 1st January, The great holiday festival o£ "New Yoar's Day " has boon enjoyod hero by all aorta and conditions of men, women, and children with thu customary zest of Victorian pleasure seekers, and on the present occasion that mys terious and fickle personage, the clerk of the weather, has been in such an excellont humor as to do all ho could in his own particular lino for the comfort and delight of all and sundry. Uridor these favorable circumstances it is no matter for wondtp that out-of-door enjoy ment was the order of the day through out both : city and suburbs, or that the''various amusements provided for the entertainment of the public wero very largely patronised. Nor were these amuseipents either few or-far between. First %nd -foremost was tho Champion Race Meetiug on the Plemingtou course, which, as might hava beon anticipated without any fear of mistake, drew its thousands of spectators, while with mauy persons the cricket match between tho Australian Eleven and Fiftoen of Victoria, was scarcely' sccond in point of attractiveness. Then there was jthe annual German picnic at.Kew, with its various sports and amusements; another gathering of a similar kind at Northcote; a hurling match at Hotham; and several minor games in other places, all of which were well attended. For those who preferred a • trip " down tho Bay," there was' no lack of opportunity, as about a dozen stoaraera, including tho Golden Crowu, the Williams, and other fast and. favorite boatsi wero laid on for excursion trips to the various pretty little watering places between Brighton and the Heads. The weather continued magni ficent throughout the day, and, in spite of tho dull times, the enjoyment seems to have been universal. Amid all kinds of music, sweat, and decidedly the reverse, 1879 gave np the ghost, and 1880 came into being. People, a few miles from tho city who sat up to seo the old year out, hoard a perfect modley of sounds; thero was the ringing of tho church bolls for watch-night BorviceB, tho reports of rockets in all directions, and a con fused hum of voices, in which tho sharp notes of juvenile accents'could be occasionally distin-. guished,. Then at about five minutes to twelve, when ears were Strained to catch the first notes of the Post-offico clock, tho fire bells rang up vigorously, and the steam fire-horn in Elizabeth-street set up its-hideous-roar and •drowned everything: except tho nearer ineledy of,bagpipes, on which some,enthusiastic Scotch man was playing "Auld laiig syne." When the musio (?) of tho fire horn ceased it was 1880, and members of tho. larrikin fraternity, wcra en gaged Until daylight in proclaiming Cue fact oh shutters and other convenient places by means of a paintbrush and whitewash; or something else that would leave a g.>od impression. Tho danger of a catastrope in connaetion with the Tay Bridge such as that of which wi Hava just hoard, seems to have been foreseen, thoiigh tho precautions taken for guarding against It have unfortunately proved insufficient. Though the structure was finished in the autumn of 1S77| it was uofc until sis uioutha later that Majoal Hutchcnson, the Board of .Trade Iriipeportcd iu favor of its being opened for trin his report he said " very careful atteiit be required to ascertain from time to tinao scouring action is taking place in the ions of those piers which are sub jected ong current." The : recurrence of conflagrations on a gignntuu American cities is certainly in plicablou, like Chisago, has now suffered twice, smystery of the tiling lie3 in the fact tbti beforo the lirat of the really great firt at Chicago iu 1S71—Americans were eujby common consent, to make thoir buinore thoroughly fire-proof than any ono id to possess the most efficient fire brigaho world. No details as to in surance ato hand, but I fancy English compauiee boen rather shy of risks in the greatij cities of the United States of lata. The Colem No. 2, on the wharf, is to be opened joursu of next week, and as it scorns to eatly commodious structure, situated inlity frequented by working men, and airectora of the company may now see th. to remedy certain mistakes vrhicU haT<H0ri8od the management of the eatablia.n0w open in Bourke-street, the experiml have a fair chance of suc cess. The a'building, to the dilapidated state of wh;recently referred, is about to be tak6vnj its condition being manifestly ui \ few days ago the owner of ' thlerty> a well- kuowu bar rister with . a.^0Unty Court practise, was sorrowfully. gapU the scene of ruin it pre sented, when ibor, whoso business has suffered by thaJLion to the footway, and who had bo if whom )le vvas speaking, came up to him^prcjgej a hope that the walls would tuu 0„ the owner's head, whoover be mij The barrister, though anything but a i0 j8 easily discomposed, looked very unci^g at this questionable " compliment of ,on " au(j stepped back uneasily from c^j^ity to tho tottering wall, .remarking vel„ "That's roany a very hard thing _ „inv.» ' Very shortly aftorwards the u ()j the owner became kuown to the ii^j wj,0 had exnressed «uch unkind wisho3 behalf, refreshments wcro takon toget s]10w that no real animosity existed^ pulling down of the building was commit day. 