MECHANICS’ INSTITUTE. On Boxing Night Professor Jonas’lllusion and Variety Concert Company opened in the Mechanics’ Institute to a crammed bouse in the put and gallery, and a very good attend- anco in the reserved seats. This company is essentially a navel one, and includes such a variety of artists that it will go bard with the Professor if he does not suit as nearly all tastes as any previous show of the hind has done. Lavers of high-class music have such well-, known favourites astheMissesLane and Walton and Messrs.. Chas.. Florence and T. B, Brown to meet their requirements, and those whose tastes lie in a more, humourous vein, are catered for by each droll souls as Mr Tom Bnokley and Mr.; 11. U.--Miller, whilst those whose delight'lies.in “ the.graceful measures" are entertained-.by auohelegmt danseuses as Misses May and Virgio Vivian. The programme opened with tha;ppera (dicamera) "Faust and Marguerite," with the following cast:—Faust/ Mr Chas, Florence;; Siebel, Misa Maud Walton;' Marguerite,. Miss Ootavia Lane; Mephis topholes, Mr T. B. Brown. The opera opened with a view of Faust's laboratory,' where the old alchemist is seeking for the " essence of everlasting youth,” Mepbistopheles suddenly (appears, and at Faust’s request takes oyer possession of bis soul, and gives him in return youth and riches. Then by an optical illusion, very cleverly worked on the principal of "Pepper's ghost." Mephistopbeles shows his victim the lovely Marguerite at hey wheel, This illusion, which was . capitally carried outj excited no little wonder on. the part of ; many of the audience, aud suchexclamations as “ How do '(hay do’it V' “ Well 1 never,” and the like, were current coin throughout the evening. In a series of picturesque scenes the plot is carried oh to ita termination, and is’oonolnded by the death of Marguerite, and ,a very beau tiful tableau mvant, representing a maiden being carried to heaven by angels. A musical melange followed, in which I Miss: May Vivian and Mr T. Buckley caused immense amuse ment by • their ■ sprightly little Irish, sketch, with song and dance, Mr T; £, Brown followed with." The Desert,” a sopg admirably suited to bis voice and dramatic" abilities, and one which'he with sqch success ns to ckll 'down ■' the' ’ continued’ ' plaudits’ , ol : his audience. Little Y°rgio Vivian, a graceful child, costumed in a very attractive dress, sang a serio-comic song, entitled '* Ain’t Ijaweet" so Weil ss to earn sn'enoore; to which ehe bad to respond*. Miss Ootsvla Line, a lady possessing a soprano .voice of good quality and high range, sang “I seek for thee in/every, flower " with cpuMderable effeot. Mr Florence appeared epee again in the hall ' Where he first earned hie name u a aioger, and - showed that he still possessed' the floe ringing tenor voiQe which i brought him snoh • meed of suopess when he ir^' with aimonsen troupe, His Bong, appropriately. chosen, was- named “ Once again," and faa aapg it in a manner that' ear nedfbr him thewell-deServed applause; of the. hones... A most original s’ong, with-a barijoaccompaniment, by Mr Buckley, caused immense ,-fuu,-. and the nay 'tor Christy Minstrels and their phantom friends,' ' a-part of the 1 performance' which-caused the audience quiteaa much mystification as amuse, ment, n The white-robed ghosts suddenly dis placed the gentlemen of colour, .and rice vena, ■ the metamorphoses beiag made so deftly that, the audience were left in quite a mazeoi doubt as to whether the holiday joviality, had not in some strange - way -affected their organs of vision. An interval of ! ten minutes' was followed by a . second 'musical inter lude, and the programme concluded ’ with a sketch entitled “ The Enchanted House,’’ the' effect of which wos.'to a great extent spoilt by some little mishap with the gas arrangements,' and consequently ' the entertainment was brought t<) • a ' close' a little' sooner than, it otherwise would ’ have been, ■; However, this delect- will be remedied .by to; night, when there will be no cause for; com* plaint if trouble and expense can.remedy this’ trifling defect. Taken for all in, all, the enter, tsinment' is’ worthy of patronage by such as. lovo mirth, music,and magic. .- - I 