SOCTH AUSTRALIA ,11 MELBOURNE. ? The wool schedules and forms of entry, ' which embody the classification adopted by the Melbourne Exhibition Commis ninnp.rs ' have -been issued bv Mr. Ooates. the Hon. Secretary of the South Aus tralian Commission, to whom entries in this class must be forwarded not later than the 25th August. The schedule com prises Merino and longwool (washed and unwashed), scoured wool, and mohair, for which prizes will be offered in Bub-clasaes for corns', ewes', hoggets', and Iambs' wool, both by the bale and the fleece, as well as for boxes of samples. The interest taken in the wool show at the late Sydney Exhibition should stimu late our producers to send the best samples they can, -as there will be sure to be plenty of foreigners taking notes to the forthcoming show. In wine the schedule includes two divisions — first, natural wines, either blended or not ; and second, fortified wines and liqueurs. It is pro mised that many of the evils in the wine tasting will be overcome at Melbourne, and good stowage room will be pro vided, the late show having taught the Commissioneoo what to .avoid and where to improve.; and. if, as indicated, the' colonial wines are put into genera competition more than they were at Sydney, much good will result. Vignerons should avoid sending too many samples. Each vineyard has some speciality that can! easily be maintained, and if these only are sent for judging, although the actual number of awards may be less, their value will be ^greater. Both at .Paris and Sydney the number of different kinds confused the. Judges, and less interest was taken in consequence. The best plan is for the committee here to send selected samples only. To further spread a knowledge of the capabilities of South Australia foe wine culture a kiosk for the sale of wine on the co-operative principle might be managed where the best wines from each vineyard could be bought either by the glass -or the bottle. The taste for lager beer inSy dney was much promoted in this way, both. Austria and Germany having bars where their special brews were sold. The schedule for general exhibits is divided into ten groups, sub divided into eighty-two classes, comprising fine arts, educat ional'appfiances, stationery, furniture, machinery, fabric* and cloth ing, products (both food and otherwise), horticulture, floriculture, agriculture, and mining tools and appliances. The Com missioners . draw special attention to the fact that freights on the Government railways are free, that they have power to reject exhibits, and that it the close of the show all goods unclaimed at the expiration of fourteen days will be sold by public auction, and the net proceeds only handed to -the owner. As the Exhi bition does not open in Melbourne until October 1 there is arflpie time for preparation. 'Che experience gained at Sydney, and so well explained by Mr. Davenport, should be utilized by ex hibitors ; for, good as our cotrfc was, thore was room for improvement, both in the quality and quantity of ex hibits, a3 well as in the manner in which they were displayed, the ehowj case with British and foreign ex hilntoFs being often the best part of -their exhibit. The Honorary Secretary at the offices in Grenfell-strcet will supply forms of entry and further particulars on appli cation, and will also receive all entries and exhibits. Exhibitors should bear in miud that^very particular should be giwn as far as .possible on the entry form, not only for statistical purposes and inforraa tion. but as a guide for comparison by the Judges. Many an award was withheld at Sydney for articles otherwise eligible because some item of information asked for on the entry form was not supplied by the exhibitor. Thb Qcbem's Bjkxkd&y.; — To-day Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria will enter upon the sixty -second year of her age. In honour of the event His Excellency the Governor will bold a ievee at noon to-day at Government House. ' Gentleman as-ailing themselves of the privilege of private entree are requested to attend at a qnarter to 12 o'clock preoiaely. All gentlemen attending the levee are requested to appear in uniform, robes, or full evening cos tume, and to provide themselves with two cards with the came legibty written or printed thereon.' Thb ArsTKAUAJr Cbscehtbrs. — Tie Aus tralian Eleven have succeeded in adding another victory to their Hit. It appears that the tele prurn which we pabiiihed on Saturday, and which stated that all of tie Eleven were oat far 23 runs, w«s incorrect. The Australians succeeded in making in tbeir first innings no less tbanjJM runs, of which 155 were made by two of the Eleven. Blackbam, who was run oat, succeeded in scoring 81. and Banner, who was caught, .made 74. In their second innings the LoDg«ighfc Eighteen did not make quite us many rnna as at 4rst. scoring oaly 10o\ thus bringing their total up to 224. The Australian Eleven had consequently -only 11 runs to make to win, and this they succeeded in doing without the los? of a wicket. The next match oq their programme is Bgainst Eighteen of Rochdale, on Mar 27. To-Di.r'6 liAcaa — In another column will be found tka programme for the first day of the Birthday Meeting, which commence* this afternoon. The fi«t race will sttrt at h»lf-past 1_ o'clock. Abttixebt CoirrErmow. — The annual prize firing of the Volunteer Artillery took place at Dry Creek oa 8aturd%y, May 22, under the direction of Colonel Downes, K.A. Lieutenant Colonel Mathewg acted aa umpire. There were twelve detachments emrnged in the contest*, and the guns used were 12-poander Whitwerttn, MX. ritfed. The Brigade prize fell to Bombar dier Bridgeman's detachment (B Battery), the ceroKd prize being taken by Bombardier Tomaett's detachment (B Battery). In the battery competition the first prize fell to Bombardier Bridgemaa'adetaehmentfB Battery). The firing wu very good throughout, and the discipline of the men excellent. Tot Puxibr of Tasmakia.— Arrangamenta have been made to officially receive the Hon. W. R- Giblin, the Premie: cf Taimaiiia, oq his arrival in the colony. Thb Qcebu's Bibthdit.— To-day will be observed as a pnblic and general holiday in commemoration of the 61st anniversary o€ Her Majesty's birthday. The amusements provided for the pleasure-seeking public are many and varied, while one or two ceremonies of a graver nature are also announced to take place to- day. The usual levee will be held at Government House. The Birthday Meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club opens to-day on the Adelaide Racecourse, the programme of events comprising two flat handicaps, a hurdle race, and a race for three-year-olds. The Hurdle Race is, ot coorsa, the chief attraction in to-day's programme. The volunteers are to turn out to-day en mastt for their third annual review, and if the weather proves favourable the spectacle ought to be a striking one, as the men have had, under the circumstances, fair opportunities to make themselves proficient in drill and discipline. The Rifle Association intends to send some companies into the field, and facilities have been afforded for men to come in from the country. The usual sham fight will not make a feature in the review; but military evolutions will be carried out to show how effective our little army is becoming. The foroe is to be on the ground by 3 o'clock to meet His Excellency the Governor. It would facilitate matters and pre vent J confusion if the spectators would keep to the slope of Blontefiore Hill, from which con* yenient elevation they can view all the proceed ings without being in the way of the volunteers. The non-commissioned officers of the Local Military Force hold their third annual military ball in the Town Hall in the evening. His Excellency Sir W. V. D. Jervois, the Colonel Commandant and staff, and His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, MP.) have announced their intentiaa of being present. The usual places of amuseocenta present attrac tive programmes for tne evening. At the Theatre Royal. 'Pinafore' will be repeated, but a change in the caste has been announced. Miss Maggie Moore is to appear as Little Buttercup, while Miss E. Leaf will snake her first bow to an Adelaide audieace as Josephine. Garner's Theatre, where Mr. Wybert Reeve is being supported by Mr. G. R. Ireland, and the Troubadours at the Academy of Music, will also doubtless have their respective supporters. The Bent-street Skating Rink will be opened during the even ing, and amongst other amusements some feats in fancy bicycling will be exhibited. A mufE cricket match is to be played on the Oval for the benefit of the Home for Incurables. It promises to be highly amusing. The aunaal conference of the South Australian Total Absti nence League will be commenced at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. In the evening a tea mee6ing, followed by a pablic meeting, will be held in the same building. The Very Rev. Dean Russell will take the chair, and amongst other speakers are Mr. Matthew Burnett, and the Kevs. D. O'Donnell and J. McEwin. The foocdation-stone of the TJnley Wesleyan new Church will be laid at half-past 3 o'clock by the Hon. J. Col ton, M.P., and a tea and public meeting will be held in the evening in connection with the ceremony. Lectcbb at the 'TaAurufo Collboe. — The Hon. Dr. Campbell delivered the fourth of his series of lectures at the Training College on Saturday to a large audience. The subject of the lecture was, '-The - skin.' The lectursr stated that he would draw their attention to four views of his subject — viz., the physiology of the akin, the osee served by it as an index of disease, its hygie⁣ power, and some of the ?imple modes by which it can be made serviceable for the renewal -sf health. A fairly compre hensive review of the various parts of the skin was presented, together with a clear statement of the particular use* served by the several parts. These uses were illustrated by references not only to matters of every -day knowledge, but also by an explanation of some of the common forms of disease to which the skin is subject. The excretory function of the skin was lengthily described, and from' this standpoint the inti mate relation tbe- skin sustains to such impor tant organs as tbe lungs, stomach, bowels, aud kidneys. Tbe lecturer cleared-up this part of the subject by an explanation of the origin of a common cold, or a deeper degree of disturbance in the shape of innammatiou. Under the head «f the akin as an index of disease, the information derivable from a hot, moist, cold, soft, and firm akin were explained. With regard to the occurrence of perspiration of a markedly abnormal character, it was shown that it could be due to two causes, either debility pare ami simple, when it would appear on slight exertiooor on falling asleep, or to a tail in the temperature of the body, wheu, for instance, as in consumption, it appeared towards the early morning. Tbe colour of the skin also gave signs ot disease. The yellow, the sallow, the dusky, and Woe skins were referred to. Following in the wake of colour were the several distinct ercptions which appeared on the skin as part evidence of particular diseases. The eruptions of scarlet fever, measles, small pox, typhoid fever, and erysipelas were briefly delineated. At this point the hour was ex pended, and the lecturer, after expressing regret that such was the case, promised his audience the remainder of the subject next Saturday. South Australian T-ssiphraxcb League.— The annual services in connection with the fortieth anniversary of the South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union were held in the Sown Hall an Sunday afternoon, May 23, Mr. Matthew Burnett having consented to conduct the services. Special hymns were sung. for the occasion. Mr. Burnett delivered- an address founded upon Corinthians viii. 13 : — ' Wherefore, if meat make my brother to offand, I will eat no flesh, while the world stands th, lest .1 make my brother to offend.' He -said that the principle contained was the same .principle which hod actuated all philanthropic temperance reformers who had laboured in the 19th century. He briefly sketched the work done by the principal temperance reformers, mentioning the names of Professor Edgar, in Belfast, John Duulop iu.-Scotland, Dr. L. Beecher in America, Joseph Lipse . of Preston, Dr. John Higiubotham, William Martin, Father Theobald Matthew. Dr. Tkoa. Gutbrie, John B. Gocgb, Mrs. Wbiteman of Shrewsbury, Canons Farrar and 'to ilberforce, Sir Henry Thompson, Dr. Gould, and Dr. Benjamin Richardson. He mentioned the special. difficulties the early reformers had had. to contend with in conseqsence of the then opposition of the clergy, the medical faculty, and the iniiuential classes generally, difficulties of which tbey now had no conception, as they did not now exist. He emphasized the argument that example was better than precept, and ths illustrations of it given by the above-mentioned persons were all made to paint that moral. In England there were now no less than . 3,500 miaisters of religion, five Bishops of the Anglican Church, together with a number of deans aad 'half-a- dozen canons identified with the cause. There were no less than 3,500,000 known piodged abstainers, aad 1,500.000 children couaected with the Band of Hope. So important kad the movement become that temperance was now one of the public questions of our times. Last year the drink traffic in England had amounted to £150,000,000; in Victoria, to £4,500,000; while in this colony the annual expenditure was £900,000, and we had some 6C0 oc 300 public-houses. He thought, however, that their look-out had never beea more hopeful thaa at present. Within the past five weeks more than 3,000 people had re nounced intoxicants, and banded themselves together in one great crusade against the national curse of intemperance. It wag the twenty-third anniversary of his own identifica tion with the cause, as well as the fortieth anniversary of the League. He concluded hy appealing to all to use their influence to f orwtrd on the cause. VAXBDtcroRT Gatebrixq. — On Wednesday evening, May 19, a complimentary dinner, to which about sixty gentlemen sat down, was given to Messrs. A. and W. F. Nickolls on the eve of theic leaving Rhynie. tie chair was filled by Mr. iohn Bowden, who was supported on his right by the guests of the evening, *ad on his left by Mr. John Curnow. sen, and the Rev. Jam?* Hougkton. The vice-chair was occupied bv Mr. Thomas OXoughlin. After the loyal toasts the Vioe-Ohairman proposed' The Parliament,' which was responded to by Mr. J. W. Oastine, J.P. The toast of 'The Guests of the Evening' was proposed, by Mr. J. H. Carnow in a few suitable remarks. The Chairman presented the Messrs. Nickolls with a handsome silver inkstand and a pair of leantifal silver vases, from the establishment of Mr. J. M. Wendt, or Adelaide. Mr. A. Nickolls, in feeling term*, suitably acknow ledged the gift, and his brother, Mr. W. P. Nickolls, also responded. Other toute followed, and a very enjoyable evening wag brought to a close at an early hour. Thr Victorjak Education Act.— A singular case illustrative of the political working of the Education Act was brought to light yesterday (says the Ar^us of the 20th inst ) by a question put to the Minister by Mr. Wrixon. Mr. Karrsay says that it is quite true that a teacher named C&rlingford; wu allowed to reaiga his post as bead-master at Kerino, in order that he might contest Nbrmsnby; that upon retiring fiom the contest four day* before the election he wsa reappointed to the same school, and, more than That, despite the recommendation of the permanent head of the department Mr. Carlirgford was allowed full salary during hi* absence trom the school, another teacher being aUo paid for conducting the school during this period. Mr. Ramssy says he his not seen his way to interfere, as no doubt Mr. Carlingfonl is a competent teacher, but he has removed him from the distriet, and baa pat a minute on the papers that tbe eate is cot to be regarded as establishing a precedent. Major Smith was not in the House when the statement was made, but subsequently he deDied that he had sanc tioned the payment of back salary to Mr. Cir lingford, and, as Mr. Ramsay repeated bis assertion, it was agreed that the papers should be laid before the House to-day. Norwoods v. Adelaidb No. 1 Eiflb Com past, 8-AJT.R.A.— On Saturday last. May 22, a rifle match, was fired bttween the above com panies, and resulted in a victory lor the Nor wood men by sixteen points. The wind and weather were very unfavourable, consequently the scoring on both sides was not as good as it usually is. It was the first time thaNo. 1 Com pany has been beaten since its formatiou, although several matches have been fired.— one about six months ago— against the same oppo nents, whom they beat by nf tv-six points. The ranges were 200, 500, ana ooO, seveu shots at each, and nine men a side. It was originally intended that ten men should fire, but one of the No. 1 Company, Private Dustow. not being on the ground, the Morwoods struck one oS their side. NORWOODS. Ydi-200 500 k 600 TO. Private Allison... „. ... 13 21 22 01 Private Tait „. ... ... 17 19 21 8a Private Breaker ... ... 25 21 13 53 Lieutenant Waddell .„ „. IS Id 22 Si Private Baxter ... ... ... 19 22 13 5t Private Quick _. _. ... 10 15 14 it Sergeant Bennett ? 16 1G 11 43 : Private R. Mnixhead ? 19 12 li 45J Private Laver ... ? 13 18 15 44 Eange totals „. _ 164 160 151 475] ADiLAXDE SO. 1 COMPAJtV, S.A.X.R.A. Yds.-200 500 6M TtL Captain Ferguson „. ... ID 22 32 63 Private Cbenoell ? 21 18 SO 59 Lieutenant Carter ? 17 22 12 SI Private Strapp* ? 21 13 11 50 Private Key _ _. ... 21 15 13 49 Private Koberts ? 20 17 11 43 Private Smith „ ? 22 13 12 47 Corporal Higbman „. ... 17 20 9 48 Private Waterboose ? 20 12 11 40 Bange totals ~- ... 173 1S7 Ul 459 Acadhmt of Music— The Troebadours are having a very successful season at tibe Academy of Music, and on Saturday night played to another well- filled house. It was a very judi cious step of the management not to withdraw 'Conrad and Lizette,' which proved the prin cipal source of attraction daring the week. ' Hash, Bib, and Tucket' was consequently the piece which succumbed, and in its place was given 'Patchwork, or Hamlet on a String.' We should be saying what we decidedly do not mean were we to express pleasure at the new pieca or the way in which it was produced. Leaving the management for a moment to describe it, they say : — ' This is not to be con sidered a drama in the general sense of the term — like Topay, it grew ; acd, though void of motive or pretension, is tbe most enjoyable thing ever presented. Tbo audience would imagine the artists were having a bit of fan, without knowing that they are amusing others than themselves, and tbeir subject is fun in its finest dualities and most unobjectionable form. The plot, if such it can be called, is as follows : — A wealthy gentleman indulges an eccentricity by giving a fancy dress ball, and while the guests are at supper the servants of the house, taking advantage of tbe occasion, dress them selves according to tbeir several tastes, aud ictlulge in song and dances, as their inciinings suggest. The items of the bill are-.— Master Sammy McLean's imitation of Joseph Jefferson as Rip Van Winkle; Miss Nina Tulloch in a grand operatic scena — 'II Trovatore;' Master Parlato's motto song, * All that Glitters is not Gold ;' and Miss Emeitne Fox in ' Pretty as a Picture;' Master P»rlato as 'Gaily the Troubadour;' abso the Troubadours' travestie of a portion of 'Hamlet,' introducing the melancholy Prince, the Grave Digger, the Queen, the Ghost, and Polonium' This gives some idea of what the ' Patchwork' was made up from, but we confess to a feeling wfcen it was over that it was a ki&d; of performance not at all suited to the juveniles, and one which the management would do well to eschew. The Company appear to be well fitted to play dramatic pieces, but tbey cannot be expected to possess the finish which would carry ofi such a gathering up of rubbish as 'Patchwork' con sist* of. It has before been pointed out how well the young people-sing, and where they had anything in that line-to do it weutoff well, as did some of their daasing, but there was a filling up of '? shreds' with many characters which only eenius of a high order could have made graphic. When the curtain rose again on ' Conrad and Lizette' it was a pleasure to those who had seen the juveniles befote to find them back again in something calculated to gite them a chance. It is not a very high class drama, but it has suffi cient consistency about it to make it go down with an audience, aud Masters Parlato and McLean, as well as the Misseo Tnlloch and Fox, appear in it to considerable advantage. The same bill will be presented to-night. A Holdfast Bay Railway. — The new railway to Glenelg, constructed by the Holdfast Bay Railway Company, is to be formally opened to day in the presence of a number of invited guests. A copy of tbe fifth report of the Direc tors, which is accompanied by a balance-sheet to April 30, 1880, has just come to hand. The capital account stands at £30,000, less unpaid calls amounting to a little over £500. The sum of £14,022 is owing on bills, and there is a debt of £1,577 at the E.S. andA.C. Bank. For land compensation, &c;, £10,035 has been paid, less £1,269 remaining on mortgage. The plant has cost £10,556, and the permanent way £20,147. Preliminary and current charges, &c;, bring the expenditure up to £45,805. The Directors in their report refer to the satisfactory completion of the line and the excellence of 'the rolling stock. They also intimate that an extraordi nary general meeting will be called, when the shareholders will be asked to consider the advisability of increasing the capital. On Saturday several persons went to the Adelaide Railway Station and inspected the carriages which are to be used. One of them is a most elaborate specimen of workmanship, and its internal fittings border on the luxurious. It is richly painted on the outside in tasteful style, and has a very sub stantial appearance, being of great laegth and height. The interior is handsomely fitted with blackwood, birdseye maple, and other beauti fully-grained woods, polished to mirror-like brightness, and there is a good deal of solid metal work about it. The seats are made with reversible backs somewhat after the fashion in the saloons of first-class steamers. The seats and their backs are made of closely woven cane, while tbe arms are constructed of embossed metal of finished workmanship. The lamps are hung in handsome brass cradles, and throughout the whole of the fittings there is an air of solidity and finish. The roof inside is elaborately decorated. Football. — Saturday's matches resulted in a win for the Norwoods by three goola to nil, and the Adelaides tied with the Sooth Adelaides each team having scored a goal. Garsbr's Theatre.— There was a capital attendance at Garner's Theatre (White's Booms) on Saturday night, May 22. when Mr. Wybert Reeve appeared in his well-known cole of Count Fosco in ' The Woman in White.' Only a few months have elapsed since he personated the character -on the boards of the Theatre Royal, when .he so closely identified himself with the part aa to be ever afterwards associated with it in tbe minds of those who sat? him. In all respects his performance on this occasion was equally artistic Ai every playgoer knows, the character ii full 4)f subtle refinements, and requires the exercise of true genius to faithfully pourtray it Meie study, apart from a special aptitude for its poartrajal, would not suffice to make even a capable actor interpret ic successfully, but with Mr. Reeve the performance id realistic, and from evtry point of view 'the Count' in all his craftiness and outward urbmity is faithfully depicted. Mr. Reeve was ably supported by Miss Ada Lester in the double role ot' Laura Fairleigh aud Annie Catberick, and Mrs. George Gordon as Marion Halcombe. The acting of both of these ladies was natural and effective, and the audience frequently testified their appreciation by hearty applause. Mr. G. R. Ireland, as tbe artist, Walter Hartwright, who falls in love with Laura Fairleigh, after wards Lady Gljde, showed himself to be well qualified to undertake the part. The same re mark applies to the clever acting of Professor Pesca by Mr. J. G. Joyce, and, indeed, it may be eaid that all round the caste is exceptionally good. Every one seemed to be specially well Buited to his or her part, and the result was un alloyed enjoyment to the audience. The scentry, too, being new and in perfect harmony with the varied requirements of the piece, formed a striking feature, aud does credit to the wtist, Mr. George Gordon. a The Woman in Whire'* will be repeated to-night. GAWI.BR PorLTRY, PlGEOK, A3CD D0O SOCIETY. — A meeting of this Society was held at the Gawler Institute on Friday evening, May 21. Mr. E. Clement, J.P., occupied the chair, and the attendance was good. The Secretary re ported that a letter had been received from the Town Clerk granting permission to use grounds at the rear of Town Hall for the Poultry Show, provided the tree* and shrubs are properly protected. The Chairman reported having seen Mr. (J. J. Coates in reference to hire of coops, and that the Society could have the use of them at 5s. per coop. It was decided that the matter be left in the hands of the President to arrange. The following resolutions ?were carried : — 'That no person bo allowed to exhibit unless a subscriber of 5s. to the funds of the Society.'' ' That Is. be charged for the use of pens, and that birds be exhibited in pens provided by the Society Z1 ' That 2s. each be charged per pen of poultry, each pen to contain cock and hen, and that there must be three exhibitors or no second prize will be awarded.^ It was also resolved that the Secre tary and Mr. Symeods revise the rules and bring forward a clean sheet of the prize-list Theatbb Rotal.— u K M.S. Pinafore' at tracted another large house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. The play went off with as much success as on formtr occasions, the songs being well received by tie aadienca. Thb CHAiiEHOH Silver Shield.— The hand some trophy which the South Australian volun teer officers procured last year in the shape of a challenge shield of silver has been hang in the Adelaide Town Hall, and forms a conspicuous object on the southern side of the building. This shield, which cost £100, and reflesta great credit upon the maker {Hr. H. Steiner), was sent for exhibition to Sydney, where it was much admired. It is of solid silver, and ' the workmanship is very elaborate. It has been inscribed with the names of the successive winners in the several rille mutches for the honour of holding it, and will doubtless have the companionship of another similar trophy in course of time. Belaib IaxBRiATB Rbtrbat.— The Committee of Management paid a visit to the Retreat on Saturday afternoon, and having inspected the premises and grounds, they expressed their satisfaction with the way* in which the regula tions are being carried out and the general con dition of the arrangements. A letter from the medical officer. Dr. Baily, was read, which con tained several important suggestions for im proving the internal accommodation of the buildings. Tbe committee carefully considered these suggestions, and also a plan of some pro posed alterations that had been prepared by the architect borne time previously. The committee resolved to instruct the Secretary to consult tbe architect as to some proposed modification of the plin, and to ascertain as fax as practicable the cost of carrying out these proposals. New Towx Hall aud Ihstitute at Uklht. — The foundation-stone of a builaing which is to serve the double purpose of a Town Hall and Institute was laid at Unley on Saturday after noon, May 22, by Mrs. W. Townsend (the Mayoress), in the presence of the Chief Justice, the Minister of Education, and a large crowd of persons. The building, which is two stories high, and is to cost £1,950, will be completed at the end of -October next. Mb. Burnett's Tempkrakcs Crusade. — Mr. Burnett held most successful mats and working men's meetings again on Saturday night. At the open-air meeting Mr. J. Robb, J.P., presided, and at the Town Hail meeting the Hon. Thomas King, Minister of Education, was in the chair. No standing room was obtainable in the hall shortly after S o'clock. Mr. Burnett announced that the past week had been the most successful one he had ever had. The signatures obtained during tha week were 1,696 in number, and the total number of pledged abstainers Mr. Burnett has secured since his arrival here now exceeds ?3,000. Adeledb, Uklbt, asd Mitceah Tramway Compaht.— The half-yearly report, dated May 22, of the Directors of this Company contain* the following statements :— ' The rails are being gradually relaid to meet the wishes of the street authorities ; also great improvements have and are being made at the Mituham terminus. As will be seen by tbe accounts the profit made, £652 0s. 2dnfaas been good, notwith standing the unfortunate loss by fire of a valuable Btack of bay. Tour Directors are miking efforts to realize on the surplus rails and sleepers, the steam motor, the land, and also on 743 forfeited shares, and by these means they hope to extinguisii the remaining liabilities of the Company. Year Directors, therefore, feel justified in recoxmendiog you to declare a second dividend of la. .per -share, and carry for ward £150 to credit cf depreciation account' The working expenses during the half-year have been £2,526, and the traffic receipts £2,978. Scdden Death. — A men named Wm. Joae% residing in Moeco'a Boildingi, off Sturt-street, ' reported to tbe police on Sunday, May 23, that his wife, Louisa Jozies, had died suddenly the same day. The Coroner was communicated with, and an inquest will probably be held. Gawler Cltjb. — The annual meeting of tbe Gawler Club was held on Wednesday night, May 19. The attendance of members was good, and Mr. J. Thornley, JJ?., occupied the chair. The officers for the year ensuing were appointed as follows:— President, Major Makin, J.P. ; Secretary, Mr. J. P. Jones ; Treasurer, Dr. F. W. H. Popbam; Commitee, Messrs. D. W. Duffield, JP ; C. F. O. Michael, A. E. Nott, H. Biochoff, and 0. G.'Roediger; Stewards. Hi« Worship the Mtyor (Mr. H. E. Bright jun.) and Mr. F. J. Harris ; Auditors, Messrs. J Thornley, J.P., and John Rudall. The Rev. M. M. Whitton was -elected a member of the Club, aod several eaadidatea were nominated. A report was submitted from the Treasurer showing a balance in hand of upwards of £30 after all debts are paid. Ektbrtakoiemt.— An entertainment wacfceld in tbe United Methodist Frte Church, Thebar ton, on Friday, May .351, when Mr. Walter Long, of Hindley-otreet, delivered an interesting lecture en 'Artemss Ward, the great humourist.'' There was a crowded meeting, presided over by the Rev. B. P. Mudge. The proceedings were enlivened by music and sing ing, recitations by Mr. J. Smith, and short ad dresses by Mr. O. Loader and the Chairman. Obstruction on teb Mount Gambibr Eail wat Lixb. — On WedMsday evening, May 19 (says the South-Ecuitrn Star), the train from Beacbport met with an obstruction on the line, about half a mile froaa the Mount Gambler Station, and in Dr. Browne's paddock. In formation was given to the police, who visited the spot yesterday, and 'found that a log. of wood about eight feet ic length by six inches diameter had been placed on the line. The train had cat it in two, and one of the pieces was sticking in the ground:' Nbw Cobjiwaix Mihu. — Che 1'orkc's Peninmla Advertiser of May 21, writes:— 'Tbe New Corn wall Mine, which has been left to its own soli tude now about six years, has been slightly awakened by Captain Price. With ten men in his employ he has been busy clearing the great pumping engine (80- inch cylinder), the peeraf the one of the Burra aod «ne at Clunes, Vic toria, and preparing it for work ; and be has costeened to a considerable extent, aud is sinking and timbering two shafts weat of the old work ings. He has come upon tbe backs of four lodes, one of which appears to be fifty and another thirty feet big and very strong. The stuff raised is of a highly indicative character, and the miners make.uo doubt of a satisfactory result to extended operations. One singular feature is to be noted. When tbe rrine -vab first opened up the water was reached at 5 f ms. ; it is now, after all these years of idleness, at a permanent level of 16 fms., -4ne probably to pumping operations at the Wallaroo Mines. We hope to see good things yet at tie Cornwall. Mine.' A Hard Cask.— The Ntcmgoortt Herald of May 21 -says: — 'A drover named James New man was mulcted in the sum of £13 at the Narracoorte Police Court this week. Newman drove a mob of horses, which were e» route for Adelaide, across the Border withoat giving notice to the Dearest police-station this side of the Border. Corporal Dann brought him before the Court, and be waa fined £2 10s. and costs. Newman gave notiee to the Inspector of Stock that he would cross the Border on a certain date ; but though the Inspector was there New man did not turn up on the date mentioned. When the latter got to tbe Border be, of course, could see do Inspector, and thought he was at liberty to cross ; but his rash act cost him £19. la the first case he acted in ignorance of the law, and in the second he thought a aotice to tbe Inspector was sufficient. Seeing that Nawman acted in ignorance, and bad no desire to evade the law, tbe Inspector might have been satisfied with a caution. As it was His Worship fined him in the lowest [penalty and would not allow costs. Hanging a Red India*.— The recent hanging of Swift Runner, an Indian murderer, at Saskatchewan, Canada; took place with a tem perture of 40° below zero. A gallowu had been built out of doors bo that that the Indiana could see the execution ; bat when the officers and prisoner arrived at the spot it was found that part of the scaffold had been much used for firewood by the half- frozen crowd. Swift Runner, completely warmed himself at the fire while the gallows was repaired. When every thing else was ready the nervous hangman said he had forgotten to bring a strap to fasten the prisoners' arm* and legs. The prisoner offered to save further trouble by killing him »elf with a tomahawk, but his proposition was rejected, and he ate a hearty meal of pemmican with the noose around his neck while a messen ger was fetching a strap. A priest attempted to give him spiritual consolation, but he said that the white man's whisky had ruined him, and so he could not believe in the white man's God. He preferred a death-dance by bis own piople, and while they were performing it he was hanged. 