b ,. ý llýý"cl'.I i . Te Proect our Iights - Noe to Inringe svon tLhoe of Others. TUESDAY, AUGUST S4, 1880. We received some weeks ago sa om *unieation which other demands upon our attention, and upon our space, prer vented our dealing with at the time, but which we should be sorry to al. together overlook. It was from Mr. H. MCOOLL, of Sandhurst, and so licited some notice on our part of an Ssolosed document entitled "Proposed Objects, Rules, and Programme of the Young Australinss' Liberal Assoela tion"-a body with which it is difficult to surmise the nature of our corre spondent's connectlolt Mr. MCCOLL eannot be regarded as a *' Young Aus tralian" In any proper sense of the phrase. Indeed be must have been already of mature age when the Messrs. HarTr made their first settle ment on the shoresof Portland Bay, and before either Mr. BATrAi or Mr. Fhwxuan had disturbed thesolitudes of the Lower Yarra. But let that pass. If not in years, Mr. LlIcCOLL is in spirit an ever.young man. He id prolifo in projects even if they are not always ftenable, and as reedy to ndots superfluous and urmeaning political society as he is 'o launch an impossible canaL But letl us see what lae new play thing is. It is one of several recently started, in Melbourne, Geelong and elsewhere throughout the colony,under the titles of ' Australian Natives' De mocratic Associatoo," "Australian Natives' Liberal Association," Ao., nod they are all strongly Berryite in their aims. With the " Australian Natives' Association" they have no connection whatever. This last mentioned wee e,teblished in 1871, "to promote the welfare and protect the Interests of persons born in any of the Australian colonies," and is a purely beneit society, non-political and unsectariao. That persons born In Australia can have any special interests to protect is more titan we can understand, but a benefit society has a right to choose its own name, sad we have nothing to say against the selection made in its case. In the case of a political associltion, however, it is different. The name is then an index to the aims and objects \- of the society, and native-born electors can have no special or exclusive politi. cal interests, or rights, or claims as the title of the orglnisation implies, Whatever is for the good of the general cnmmunity must be for their good whatever promotes general prosperity and happiness must tend to their well. being. We therefore object to thoes new associations as perfectly useless bodies at the best, sad very likely to prove misleading and mislebi?eous. Every man should de hie part as a citizen, honestly and fearlessly, with a single aim to the welfare of the whole community, and the usual machinery of public platferms, newspaper columns, and ballot boxes provide means redy to his bhad. The piithi. cal unit, or voter, ise a citien before all else. He is beeides a member of some religious denomination; he belongs to some profession or practises a partioes. lar industry; be is a freemason, or reobabite, or belongs to the H.U., 1.O.O.7-but those are mere acceeidentse of his position, and easnot be permitted ' to control or even infuesee his politi cal action without grave injury to the common-weal. Other Meeml-political assctleoneo are intelligible, and per hlos useful to their members, though generally inimical to general interests. Tnrale unions sad employers' commit. tee., virilasee committees of producers or of consumers, mutual defence aeso hietions of lawyers, or bricklayers, or seep-ubere ll these s ealily be understood, and their members may be splaildedfor thelsolleltude topreserve I S a privileges or increaee the poaflta of Iheir ordsr, -But foraiiosorian'spelii oal intefests to be affected by the place of his birth does seem preposterous. What political rights can a Victorian elector, born, say, at Sandridge or Wi-. liametown, lay claim to that an elder brother born in Great Britain cannot equally demand ? Or is a rational elector's political opinion to he affected by a circumstance over which he can not possibly have had any control, that he is to hold Berryite or freetrade views accordingas he was born before or after his mother came on shore ? On broad grounds, then, we object to those new- fangled societies of political natives, and hope they will fade out of view as rapidly as they appeared. But there are particular rasons why the societies should be discouraged. Their political programme is,'in some parts of it unmeaning, in others mischievous, and in others absurd. It includes " federation of the Ana tralian colonies" and" maintenance and reA.djustment of the protective sya tem," whereas it is clear we cannot have both. Fed, ration there will never be while protection continues, and so two planks are knocked out of the society's platform by one stroke. Then come maintenance of manhood suffrage and abolition of plural voting-Lthe frut is not threatened; indeed all parties are already pledged to its maintenance; the second willbe abolished so soon as it has been shown to infringe upon the frst to any appreciable extent. "Payment of Members" and "Dis-. couragemeat of Chinese Imniigration" are also items in the programme, but the associated Natives need not trouble themselves much about either subject. Members are quite fit to attend to the one matter, and stand in no need of extraneous aid; as for the other, the number of the Chinese In the colony is becoming less every year through natural causes. Only one other ' item" remains-" Conservation of Water and Irrigation of Agricultural Lands, where necessary," and this brings us back to Mr. MoCoLL. The 'programme could not have been his and be silent on the subject of irri. gation; but how this affects native born persons more than others iI what we cannot make out. However, the last" item" Is about as sensible as the others. The objecta of the associatien are as undesirable as its constitution is illogical, and if our colonial-born elsec tors act wisely they will steer clear of all such bodies, and do their duty as ltisenes by taking part in the political action of the party with whose views and alms they have most In common, altogether disregarding such accidental clseiefl?t'ons so community in reli gious belief, a common plane of birth, and the like. The more such adventi tious distinetions are kept out of eight, and the more our political action has for its motive the promotion ofthe general good, the better will it be far all colo nists,jnative born or imported. Low?ote telegrams to the Melbourne papers of 20th Inst. are s follow :--Mr. Gladstone will proceed to Madeira on the $lt Inst. for the benefit of his health-A eolliston bee oecorred on the Midland Rllway through the Scotch express over. taking in the Bleatlor tunnel a train bound to Carlile, whcab was at a standstill owing to a failure in the brake. Both trains were full of passeogers. None of them were killed, but many were somewhat io .,tred.-In the House of Communs the Under-Secretary for the Colonle. promised that an immedla's inquiry aboslt. be held into the ease of Lieutenant Ohlppendale, charged with the murder of a native to the, South Seas, and a'so into the enodnet of Sir Arthur Gordon, cs High Oommlsi*oner of t o Weutern Pacil, In sefereoae thereto--The Blank of Endlnd weekly returns ptub liched ti lay (10th Ano. I show the propor tlion of reserve to liabilitie to be i1 per cent., being one per sent, over the proportion of Jeas week. The total reserve, in adlas and bullfon,ulounts to £1e.5O0.000. b?lg £300,000 over leet week's r ervte No change has been maet in the minImum rate ol diseount, whihb remains at 24 per cent.-A Berlin me-. ease of the l9th reads :-During the past fortnight extremely stormy weather has been experienced all over P stelf, and in many pleces heavy Bfods have oceurred. The waters have done great damage to the standing erops, maey of which have been entirely destroyed. A great Neel of slt feting hsl been eanned in raly pers of the oenntry. No lives have been lost, but the value of the graia and cereals destroyed I. very eonosderable.-Th? latest New York news ie to the 19th as follow:--lIn conseqnenee of the defeets 'n the system at present prevailing of makti klaown the unitary condition of the crest seaporte la the United tat.e e and in Europe. theqou e. tion of deviying mans for the Interchange of emmmooiettlone between maritIme enon trie on the subiect hee recently received the cloes attention of the American Go vernment. Altar taking the ontlnoas of medical and other anthoritels the Govern. ment. through Mr. Evarts, the Secretary of State, has Isesed invitations to all the Esropean powers to send delegates to a conference which it Is proposed to hisld in January nest, at whlehi the whole question will be saheastively eoni lesed. The de, liherations of the eonferen?e will be di. rested to the adoptingof the beet means of prevetinlgthe spread of Infeetlmos dseaseu, and to arriving at a definite uadersatnding between the marltlme powers for notlfying promptly by telegraph the outbreak of eash dieseaes, and for arehaening perlodl eel advices of the sanitary eondlilsn of the priniepal seeporte.-iMeeages of sie 90th ate as follows:-In the HRoes of Lerds, in reply to questions, Earl Spencsr admitted that the present state of exeitement amoar tite IrI?h tenant farmers and otherq was deagerous to the publle pesee, but he stated that the Government hoped to be able to allay this without having recourse to aee* sureeof ma exceptionealeherater. II was not, in feet. Intended to ask Parliamlntto paer say laws specially applwable to the present eiteation, the powers vested in the Governmeat nnder the comemoa law being deemed soielent to enable them to d.el with the eridis.-The eacitement pre vailing is Ireland in connexida with the lad tagtatioe contiones anaated, and is daily tending to inerease. The rejection of the Irish Tecarts(Conpensatlen Bill has enaeadered a very bitter feeling, and in all parts of the eeasntry preparations are beal male for holding meetings. at whieb the gsievesase of the tenuate will be fally ven. tiloted. Some anxiety prevails that these meetlngs may be pharaterised by snae it veolence. hat stepe are befig takes to be prqemelblor emy eMvrtuality.-Toe arges ad Eaibilite d mUw gams Irougl-ean mittee this. eveninc.-Advices received from Pekin confirm tihe reporte previoutnly ourrent thaI Chlong How, who, as Clinese ambassador at St. Petersburg, negotiated the Knldja convention, tihs beau reprieved. and it is now stated that he has been released. The pardon of Chung How is considered to turntah proof of the desire of the Chinese to ov.,id hostilities with Russia. and it is expected these will bh averted. A St. Petersburg meosnge of Aug. 20 rous : -The measures initiated by General Le wi. Mfelikoff for pieaertinll order have proved so successful that the Supreme Commission of which he was appointed the hetod, ha, now been abolished by the Government; and General ilelikoff will benceforthl de vote himself to the ordinary duties of the Minister of the Interior, to which post he was recently nominated. Tas weather is still utse tled and by no means promising. Alternations of sun shine and cloud, with cold and wintry lshowere at intervals, have made uip tile measureor our l.st few days. Ye.terday the wind was boisterous, the rain uncom fortably intermittent, and the streert middy. The barometer at noon read 29 80 with no decided leaning either way, but tihe faith of the prophets inclines towards a change of wind from its present westerly quarter, and a spell of more settled weather. O g Saturday a writ wis Issued for thb return of a member for the Western Pro vince in place of Sir gamt.el Wilson, who retires by rotation. The following are the arrangelents:-Day before which nomi nation mast be male, August 81 ; polling day, September 1i; return of writ, eteptem ber 25 Sir Samuel Wilson i,a osedidate for re.election. A vxavr iertu, eci lent, the effecrs of which we are uneble at preaent to statte tuly, n curved to Mr. James Trangionr, of this town, now on a visit in Me bourne, on the evening of Wednesday last. It atppeire that on, the evening estated, which was that of the day of the ministerial elections, Mr. Tranglmsr and a friend of his, forlmed part of the crowd waiting in front of the Argue ofice to hest the reoult of the pohttig. A hanson cab co?iing down Coilins Street at a furioius paoe drove into the cru,,h aund knocked Mr, Traugmar and his friend down, inflioting severe injuries in both eases, butll most dangerous, apparently, in that of Mr. Trangmar. The wheel of the cab passed over tit prostrate gentlemeln's leg in tihe vicinity of the ankle, but the most serious damage was done by the horse, abhih struok Mr. Trangmar in the region of the ribs while passing over Ilis body. The wounded gentleman was et once coieveyd to Scott's Hotel, where ha was promptly attended to by Dr. Robert. sen. who was unable however to seate at first tile extent or nature of the isijuries inflicted, A hurried letter, however, from himself, written on Friday evening Iset, conveys tihe ohsering intelligence that Dr. Robertson does not believe any bones are broken, and that, though sunderiug e., re pain, lie trlnet to be able to be .bilt again shortly. Later information received yesterday is to tile effect that the case is progressing favourably. The me lioal men say titers is no inflammation, and that Mr Trangnmar is out of danger. A HSraTIN of the Committee ofthe Port land RegettaAssociotion was held on Satur day evening at theLondon Hotel; preaent. Mr. W. T. Pile, V.P., in the ehair, tnd Mesers. W. P. Anderson, F. L. Lone, J. H. Row, H. Butler, C. M. Maplesntone, J. Ohepmen,, H. J. Campbell mnd J. L. Archer, Ron. Sec. and Treasurer. Thl secretary announced that subsequient to the last meeting of the Association lie had re eeived the resignation of Mr. J. R. Wood as a member of committee, bit was in hopes that Mr. Woods would see his way to act, and had, therefore, summoned him with tlhe rest of tite members. Regret weas expressed that Mr. Woods was still deter mined to adhere to Iis resolution, as it we geneslly eaknowledgeid that Mr. Woods had, by the very great interest Ill had taken in the last regatta, very much added to its seceses. The secretary stated that he wee not aware of the reason why Mr. Woode desired to sever his connection with the management of our regasttee, but presumed it was the great amount of work tilat devolved upon tie secretary on pr.. viose oceasions, which no gentleman elhotld be expected to take without remn. aeration, or the sesistance of another of1. eer, whom the committee conld now nnder tIn new rulaes appoint. Mr. Campbell moved and Mr. Lyne seconded, and it was errned onanimously that Mr. F. L. Gill be eleeted to tihe vacanesy assed by Mr., Woods' resignation. It was firther 4to selved that Mr. Areher eontlnue thll datil et hon, secretary, and that a pald oficer be appointed at a later meetilg asleerestry and collector. This committee, after con siderable disncuslon, resolved that the an anal regatta for 1881 eshould be held in January, and tlst the seeretary place him. eltf in eommunioation with tie V.Y. Club and the kindred sesociatior of New South Wales and Boath Australla in regard to the fiture, and aseertale what time In that month would be most eon. venlenitto them, and report reply reeelied at a meetlng to be held at Mse'.s Hotel on September 7th. The secretary was Instrleted to get the males of the Assoclation printed for distribution amongst the members and,eultseribers, also to rell shacriptlon lists printed end placed in the hatlde of each member of Onmmlttee. Tam steamer Pensln strived in theabey on Saturday night f er Melbourane and left on Sunday moronig about 9 o'clock for Adelaide and intermediate ports. Sithe teok a eonalderable number of passengers, who bhad waited sines the evening of Fri eay in expectation of as earlier arrival of the boat on Saturday, and who complained that the soespeoted detention had piut them to considerable personal inconveal. nee and expensme. A very moeeef- lo eorsinlg mateh :was held on 8aturday afternone in Mr. P. Hetly's paddock at Bouth Portland, whera the Ireund wae moabeh drier and firmer than on the north blff. Tbhe attendases wie good, and the rbbhlte atrong mad lively, while the dote had lessm opportunlty given than of luilhing their detrcnetlve work too -uddenly. The lual events wrre acnn testald with the following reslts :-D'mp. stsr' Speed won thePuppy Sltehkes. Pin. Ilgan's Pat Muolloy won the AII-AIged Ltakes, bearling Harlequin and Prlate. two former redoutlleble winners. Ooltelmith's Dubbo end Sault's May were first and econd respectively in the Terrier Stakes. T"a following ecountes are awealing payment at the Reselpt and Pay Offilce, Portland :-Campbell and Stie end Co., A. O. DesDpster. . Dimnee, D. Drmnnd. A. Keiller. P. Learry, Rev. J. Lewis. J. hMiewell, J. E. McLean, W. Osbouron, J. Tralngmar ~). F. W. Utdihorme, J. R Weesto (2), 1'. S pseer. Tam'II.,M.S.B. Kleer-i-Hlnd, with thle msaill for England and the East, sailed from nobesn'e Day on Frilday. She Is one of the late edition to the P. and 3\. Co.'s eat. On tles tril, she loes throun?h to London, and taikes on m lrge cargo trom Sydney and Melbourne. Tue tresa. ore she took away from Bvdney oand hiers we. riepriled in 82 boss, containing 10,000 soveroscil, -A T MALra are commenced on August 19 between the Australian Eleven and Eliglteen of Scarborough. The weather weeas very fins throughout the day. and tlhtlt was a very large attendance of the publio. the match attracting much attention. bear borotlgh went in first rnd made an exoct leot stand, the lust wicket filling for 170 the highest score made by any of the home trems duling the tour of tie Australian.. Tie Eleven than went in, butt the wickets fell repidly, erven of the players being di-posed of for 83 rune, wheot time wee called,. 'Ithe match was resumed on tlhe 20th. The Au.trelians continued their innings, and esceeRded in making a good gland before tihe est wicket fell. 'Ihe inringn closred for 90 runn, or 74 leas than the score of the home team. Tile eighteen then went in for their second innings, and were itl disposed of for 98 ruoe, leaving the Australians 171 rune to witn. In this innings Boyle bowled splendidlr, artd to hieexertions the small score made by tise Ihome team is principally attribrttable. Tite Auntraliant on completing their second innings on the21st hatl only suceeded in putting togethaer 80. They aocordingly lost the matah by 90 ruse. New SOUTH WaLEI.-TI e following Items are from lydnoey mseaeeas of the 20th :-T''he new Cuetoms renolitions for Ihe port of Newceetla, inclhding the tat of 3d per toon on coal, were unexpentedly put in force to day. cauinig qguite a feeling ol consternation. A meeting of the prin einol merchants, ehipping agents, and colliery proprietors. was hehl in the after noon, when.a deputatiro wan appointed to welt upon the Treasurer on the sibject. It is now definitely kntolvn that the rob bery of gold from the ..n. Victoria took plrce on board the veneel oil the voyage from Cooktiwo, and the dotectivee are actively luking up the evidence. An errea is prob:able shortly.-Several nug gets, weighing in thie aggregate 100uz., have been uneartlrtl in Bourke and party's claim. Temora. To-day Oillan aitti party la o found two nugnets weighing about 23os.-Large bosh fire eare reported in varioeu party of the country, and are es peated to do couniderable dsamage.--Wate both for pastoral and dooeaotto purple in getting source in tile otutheru d. . tin I. Qasee.aLnov.-The foll wing in a Brie hbne message of the 21tlt:-The drt weather is severely felt i tihe coast die. trier. and the late wheat Irs hIrdly ehowr bibve ground. Lambing p the Darling Downs is going on, but thlre is no nuotri tio young greeass,. end it is feared there will be heavy lossen. Iij the vicinity of Roma, shearing oomnmenoed about a fort. night sinte, the fleece being even rad heavy and of excellent qtelity. The sea non hles been good, thouth rain would now be very acceptable.-l-rl John Maorae, a squatter near Inkermans was found dead on the Oth int., with a bole through his heat. A revolver wan in his hand. The ciraumstances indioate oaeee of suicide through temporary ineanlty. Porriso on XT Basax-Thir Ne? Zeam. Iand Hl.rald says that thB doeliberationeof ,he Reporting D)ab:tes aun P-ioting Com mittee in tihe New Zealand House of Re paesentatives will result i tire following notices of motion being tabled, airtlject to slight emendasions before beine formally placed on the order-ppep:w-'' That no member of the House, escept Minietera and three members elected by the Oppo sition, be reported in Hanrird for more than one Ihalf hour in any debate, snlees leave of the House in first obtained by an individual member to be fully reported." '" That no member of tire House, except Ministers and the leader of the Opposi tion, shall be allowed ta oceotpy more than SO pages of Hansard during any one see siaon, and speeches made is ecoene of that should remain unreported." The Argus reports: -An interpleader action to determine the ownership of about 2,500 sheep was heard In the Supreme Court on Friday. The plaintiffs were Messrs. R. S. Bree and Alfred Tennyson Dickens, of Hamilton. merchants. and the defendant was Miss Mary Kaye. of Victoria Point, near Hamilton. Plaintiff claimed the sheep under a stock mortgage, and also under a promise of another mort- gage from Michael Kaye, the father of the defendent, to whom the sheep had be- longed, and the defendant claimed them under a judgment she had obtained against her father for money he was alleged to have received belonging to her. The jury found that the judgment was obtained by collusion between Miss Keys and her father with intent to defraud the plaintiffs of their property in the sheep, and re- turned a verdict for the plaintiffs. Dotrno the voyage of the Ben Volrlich from London (says the Argtes) a saloon passenger, Mr. D. M'Gregor, a native of Scotland, threw himself overboard and was drowned. This was on .July 4, at 20 minutes to 12 p.m. The ship was hove to and a boat lowered at oae,. but after a vain seerel it returned to the ship. The unfortunate man's manner had been pen. liar from the beginning of the peaseage, and the medical officer of the ship lad him watched day and night. On the above date, however, lne made a sudden spring from Iris attendant, and although selsed by the ankle he freed his foot. end dropped into the water. The night wee very dark at the time, end the ship was going about nine knote. Tea Casterhse News states that James Shone, alias Leonard, allas Staw, was brought before His Honor, Mr. Jostles Barry at thie Central Criminal C(art on Tuesday last, charged with obtaining money to ?he amount of £75, from Mlesrs R. Goldeborouigh end o ,by falsely repr senting that lie was a well-to-do farmer, and owner 0 8930 sheep. He pleaded guilty, and wei senteneed to two .ears and a half impriaonment with hard labor. Tise man in the individael who played nellc a ooneplooone part in tIe 1 I'Donald sheep-atealing emses, cad fattiher of the man Leonard who has been reerntiy srreeted and brounlit before the Caterton beneolh hebarged with lbeving feloniously supplie, ereente, by whllol Mary Leforbd suffered death islre Cesrerton. We rewently took nottes of the dearer ose prletite of boiangl children' eears as prruithment, end now it ie reported that a teceher in Lendnn Ia struack oat qulte e n original line of puanishment. She clied a tbhe mouth of one of her esholars, eaged five ?ears, with etliking pleater, to prevent the little girl from talking in et?nol. Tihe maerilntrates on the Southwerk beneh marked their appreeiation of thie original modeof pnalshmesnt, however, by binding tihe teacher over to beep the peeae for twelve boanthe, end ordering her to pay ae coats. iHatanteon Netset, the * wild man" of Tallerook, we broneut up on remand at the Kilmore Pullae Ornrt on Thursday, on a charge of vagrancy. Several petty ler enoies were proved againlt him, and le wars estentensed to silmonthl.impriaonment with hard labor. Tna P. end O. Compeay'eR\\.'. etemeer I Aesem, which left Meibouare oa time 8r4 of July, arrived at Galls on the 14th Inet, Tae P. and O. 0ompnny's R?. eteamer Aseam, with the Englieh mails of July 80 , left Galle on the 1lth for Aeivls mn porte. MIR. W. J. OLAnas hea r:eoived a to graim from Mr. Murdochc one o( thte tnem bers of the Australian Eleven, dated London. Auuust 19. in which he states that a team representative of the cricketing strengttl of England will play the Austra lians at Keuninaton Oval on Septerbber 2nd. 3rd, and 4th, or the 6th, 7th, and ,th. Captain Payne recelvel official intima. tion on Friday that he bad been reil eanted in hit position as chief harbour mas' ter. Mla TowraNoD, the deputy Speaker of the Snu' h AustralianA.aembly has hbrought an action against the Blink of South Aus tralia for £10.000 damages, for refusing to pay his chequer. The tototl vaoe of the gold yield of Anu tralia and New Z-aland to the 81st Decem ber last was £280,000000. A MAN shot himself in Geelnsg on Fri day night, sld was taken to the hospital In a dangerous erate. In his pockets were found sundry Iutters and papers bearing the name of Thomas W. Haydnn, one being addreosed to Haveloeck. N.Z. the other to "eMr Thos. Haydon, T'langatta, Vodonea, Victoria," and bearing the postage tate of Norwich, May 19th, 1880." A sumr of £3 2 9.1 was found to the man's trousers pnoket, together with a pipe. pipe case, and small knife, The man, who Is apparently 32 years of are, and d5t. 101in. in height, is a dark complezioned person, and of respectable appearance: A public meeling was hald at Melt bourne last week for he.? purpose of taking steps to ~.?#p an Astl compulsory Vaccintlnti Society. The secretary to the movement stated that a number of prominent residents in Melbourne had expressed themselves favorable to the abolition of compalsory vaccination. He suggested that circaters be prioed and sent to all medical men In the colony inviting co-operation, aind also that membersol Parliament be written to, and requested to assist In having the lsauses mak og vaccination comnulsory removed from the statute book. The asug gestion was adopted. Exiata?nasr is being caused in Kilmore at presentby tile appearance of a "ghost" that nightly promenades the railway plat. form, anid has already so serloucly fright. enedl several persous as to render tt'em very i11. A few nights ago the apparition was fired at aeveral times, but without producing any effect. It isJbelieved that some o. tile residents are perpetrating a foolish practical joke. and the police have taken tle matter in band. Tae soohooner Queen arrivedlat Sydney from the Solomon Irlarnds on Friday night. The captain reports that the natives of Eddvetone Islanod inormed him that early in June James M'Intoah, master, Peter Gaffney, mate,and a crew of four natives of the schooner Euperanza were messaored by natives at one of time Islands. A dispute ocourred about some trade, and the natives went on board, seized and tomh?awked the master and mate, and afterwards killed the crew. They then plundered and burnt tlre schooner. na Aergus reports "-A meeting of the Cabinet was held on Saturday morning, when the floanciol situation and the Eal mrtes were briefly discussed. The Ohainet will now meet dtlly, in order to prepare for the moeeting of Porliament next week. IT is the intention of the Gnvernm.nt to doat the £2,0,000,000 balance eo the loan of 1878-9 this year. Beforoe the mney can be util!ised here, a Railway Coostruetlen Bill will have to be passed, and the consideration of suell a meauure Is, therefore, to be oneof tire early tasks of the aesilona in the Melbourne Criminal Court on Sat. s-rday John Thompson, late master of the Trochrague, was found guilty of not render. Ing assistance to the crew of a boat run down by him in the Java Sea, and sentenced ro three months' imprlsonment. George Duckker, who was convletrd of shooting at a young womn Io Lonedale street with intent to do her serious bodily bars, was sentenced tn three years' hard labour. John Brown. for assaulting a young woman at St KIhta, was sent to gaol for three year. and three mouths; and Wm. Holloway. for an ausalt on a child, was sentluced to 18 months' hard labour. Tua res gaun duty came into operation again yesterday. It la to be repealed, and In tl i mesantie the Customrs oufera will take formal acknowledgements for Its pay. ment when demanded. 