A SKELETON IN ; THE CLOSET. mc '/MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTKWORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand,"." The ?r DeBerted Wife," " Self-Made,&o.;, &o.; CHAPTER LXXVHI.-(Continued) v. EASILY, my dear! Not Fleming paid us a flying visit on Saturday, bringing oof ?with her that -will not only acquit our Valdimir, but will go far to convict Brandon Coyle, if that slippery young gentleman should ever he caught and brought to . trial." "" Net Flemiiig! I know she is one of the -witnesses for the defence. Where is she now ?" " On her way to Yockloy, I presume." " If ehe camo here on Saturday, why did I ehe go back again, knowing that she must be j . here to-morrow, at furthest, for the j defence i Wat it fop the ploasura of travail- j .log day and n!gn*< nil the time in the dead of winter V \ Lord Beaudavero laughed, but immediately | temembored himself aud grew very grave, as he replied: j " No, for no eccentric onjoymont of that aoib. She went baok to spend aa much time j M possible with her couein, Antoinette Deloraine, who, you know, is hopelessly ill." \ \- - "But ahe wrote ua that Antoinetto was better," began Yivienue, and stopped short being arrested1 by the looks of Ariolle, whoso face ?? had suddenly turned as whito as marble. "What to the mutter, my dear girl? This certainly is no shook to you! You were well aware of Mian Deloraino'a condition," said' 'Lard Beaudavtro, while Mies Desparde gazed -»t her friend in speechless astonishment. "It-I-aonething that happened early , this morning," answered Ariolle, in a hesitat ing tone. . ' Something that happened this morn log?1" inquired Lord Beaudovore. ; "Yes-quito early, this Monday morning," : stammered Arielle. " Nothing happened this morning," im pulsively exclaimcdYivienna. ' " You-were-not up. You were-per . haps-not awake," faltered Arielle. " What waE it, my love?" inquired Lord ' jBeaudevere, growing uneasy. "I-I-cannot tell you," answered ' Arielle. Then, to change the subject, she abruptly inquired: " When do you expect Net ?" " By the 7.80-a.m. train. I told them to come here, as I knew that they would not find rooms at any of the hotels in the heart «f the town." "«Them 1' ' they I'-whom do you mean, BeaueP Who is coming with Net?" in quiries Yivieune. " Her husband," replied the baron. "Ohl" exclaimed Yivienne. "He has returned, then," commented , Arielle. And as neither of these young ladies had Ibeen aware of any estrangement between the young married -pair, they expressed no Surprise at the apparent reconciliation. 1 " But, Arielle, what was it that happened ' this morning to disturb you ? What could have happened without my knowledge ?" inquired Yivione, returning to the previous question. *" I-it was something I saw a little after Seven o'clock this morning," faltered the girl. " But what ?' ., " I oannot tall you. Yoa would only laugh A tX me. I am tired. I am going to bed. Will you esonse me? Good-nigbt, Lord ? Beandevere," said Arielle, rising and passing v through the door between the parlour and the bed-chambar that was jointly ocoupied by herself and her companion. What is it ? What do you suppose she Raw?1'inquired Lord Beaudovere. ? Yivienne smiled and shook her head. " You have no idea ?" "None. She looked white and startled when; I first saw her at our early break fast, but, in answer to my questions, she . persisted that there was nothing the matter; SO I ceased to catechia? her, and attributed her agitation to anxiety in regard to the trial x and excitement about her journey. Beau, I ifrftiTt I will iollow her example and bid you \- good-night," said Yivienne, riBing. The baron arose with bis old-laBhioned . politeness, and opened the door for her, and she passed in to join Arielle. The latter bad not yet retired; but as. soon as Yivieune entered, arose and rang the hell. A waiter bo on answered the call. " I expect n lady friend by the early train to-morrow morning-Mrs. Adrian Fleming. . As soon as Ehe arrives I wi&h; you to send someone, or to come yourself, to knook at our door and wake us up. Do you hear ?" " YeB, my lady." _ * And mind you do not forget it ?" "No, my ladv. Any more orders, my lady?" . « ."Not any. You may go," paid Lady Arielle. The waiter bowedJbimBelf out. "I want Net Fleming as Boon as ever she aitire*. She must take off her wrapB here, if she should be in a harry, for I must, I must, I mutt know about Antoinette Deloraine as soon as possible," said Arielle, in feverish excitement. " Yon hr.d better go to bed,:my dear," was Yivienne'B sage advice. Arielle c molnded to follow it. Having no lady's-maid with them, they helped encJt other to undress, and they were soon lying side by side, courting sleep that for a long time refused to close their senses in oblivion. From uneasy slumbers they wore awakened in the morning by a load rapping at their door. Vivienno started out of - bed, threw on a dressing-gown, thrust her feet into slippers, and opened the door. The waiter to whom Lady Arielle had given ordrra on the night previoua stood there, bobbing and touching his forehead. " Well, what is wanted ?" inquired Yivi enne, half asleep. " If you please, ma'am, my lady direoted me to rap and let her ladyship know as soon as Mrs. Fleming arrived;" said the man. " Has Mrs. Fleming come, then?" inquired Yivifinne, rubbing her eyes. " Yes m l'am, please." " Then nhow her up nere at once." "Yea, ma'am," replied the man, with another bob, as he left the door. Immediately after him came the chamber* maid with ooal and kindlings to replenish the smoulderir g fire in the grate. In the m oantime Vivienne turned to Ariplle, who was e:ow!y waking up. "Net Las come, dear," she whispered, bending h* r lips down to Ariello'a ear. } VI know it. I heard the man tell you, Vivienno I'' exclaimed the young lady, looking np at her 'riend. "Yes, doar, what ia it?" " I wan^ you to go into the dressing-room and dress first. I want to meet N6t alone. Will you mind?" " Not a bit, Arielle 1 I will go now," said Vivienne, gathering up her olothes and leaving tbo bed-ohamber. " There-that will do, my good girl. The firo is wel! enough. You may go now," said Lady Ariello, speaking to the chambermaid. The young woman gathered up her coal hod, hearlb-brnsb, and other belongings, and went out, passing Mrs. Fleming as that lady entered. " Ob, Not! Ob, Net! Come here!" ex claimed Arielle, riBing in the bed and hold ing »nt bee arms. " But I am all over railway dust. I shall turn your wbite gown black," smiled the traveller, as She approachod. " Never mind ! Never mind ! I want to hug you, oome!" exolaimed Arielle, im patiently, extending her hands. ... "How f ro the children?" inquired Net, when the cmbrace was given and returned. 11 Oh ! they were well and happy when I left them at the castle yesterday morning. But, oh I Net, are you not half dead with your night journey ?" "No, itdeed; we had a compartment to ourselves, and I slept on the sofa all night. I feel quite fresh this morning, but for the railway deist," cheorfully replied the young . traveller. "And you never conld endnre the least dust! You dainty Net! But that oan soon ba remedied. There is a bath-room at your service as noon a3 Vivienn« comes out of it." " Vivienae I She here!" cried Net. " 0£ course. She came with ma. . W e could not Etay at Miston while this trial is going on hnro. They tell me yon oan give evidence that will be sure to acquit and vindicate Valdimir." "Yes, lean." " And cow," said Arielle, dropping her voice and changiug hee whole manner to one of mystery-" whon did you leave Deloraine Park?" "Yesterday morning, a few minutes after seven," ancwered Net. " How did you leave Antoinette ?" " Very Biuch better." " When did you see her last?" " A few minutes after seven. She sent for me while I was dressing to oome to her room. As soon as I had taken a very hasty breakfast I went. She said she sent for me because she wanted me to see how much better she was that morning, BO that <1 could go away in good Bpirite." "And th'it was the last you saw of her?" " Not quite. I took leave of her 'then, and she turned her faco to the wall and said she wanted to go to sleep. I went down stairs to tho carriage that waB waiting for me, but Mr. Fleming had not come down, and I missed my hand- bag, and remembering that I had left it in Antoinette's room, I went back r.fter it and found it on the table. I took it Tip, and thought I would have another look, perhaps another word with my cousin. So I went to the bed; but she was lying quite utill, and when I bent down to look at ha? more closely she seemed faat asleep. So I crept out of the room for fear of waking her, and started on my journey." " And eho was really better when.you left her yesterday morning ?" . " Very much better." , " Thank Heaven !" fervently exclaimed Arielle. . " But why do you ask all these particulars in euch an anxious manner?"inquired Net. « oh ! I-I thought-I feared that some thing had happened to her-that she was gone, in fact \" muttered Arielle, relapsing into her myateriouB manner. " But why should you have feared that P" inquired Net, in some surprise. " Oh, my dear, I had such a strange ex perience yesterday morning/' whispered Arielle, fixing her eyes dilated with awe I upon the face of her friend. "' Experiencel' Whatsort of experience?" inquired Net. «Oh-it was-a dream-a vision-or I know not what. It terrified nie beyond measure. T£ it had not been morning, and if my maid had not come into the room, I should have jumped out of bed and rushed in upon Vivienne as I once rushed in upon you, when I was frightened by the appari tion of Kit Ken. You know I did see Kit Ken at my bedside at midnight-at the very hour, as it was afterwards shown, that poor Kit had been murdered in the railway carriage. Yoti remember ?" Net nodded in a taon-committal sort of way. Net had never seen an apparition, and did not believe in them. No amount of direct testimony or circumstantial evi dence could have made that eminently practical little woman believe in super natural apparitions. " You do remember my seeing *be spirit of Kit Ken, do you mrt ? The very hour of her death, too?" "I remember the incident," said Nqt. " Well, thun," continued Arielle, dropping her voice ami dilating her great blue eyes, " listen to me : Yesterday morning, at seven o'clock, I WO'ib up without any one calling me. I knew it was seven because I heard the clook strike. It W3s dark at that hour, and there was no light in my room except from the wax tsper on tho manttlpieae and tho smoulder ing sea-coal fire in the grate. It was too early to rise, and I lay there, waiting for my maid, whom I had directed to call me at half past seven, so that I oould be ready to leave the castlo fur the Mistoa Station at niu». Net, I closed mv eyes and tried to sleep again; but while I was lyiug quite still, witii my eyes shut, & pale", oval-shaped light appeared before me, and as I looked at it, or, rather, contemplated it through my closeu eyelids, it grew brighter, until in the midst of it. stood P. form, from which, I perceived, radiated ail the light that lit up tho oval frame or luck-ground. The features oame oat distinctly, and I recognised Antoinette Deloraine. I did not scream. I could not scream or move. Her eyes held mino though mme were closed-her aye3 held fame, I say, and calmed me to a perfect quiescence. She smiled, and murmured Iotv-oti, so low that I do uot kuow nov whether I really heard her voice or only perceived lisr thoughts. But she said: I Tell dear Net I am well now.' " And the form vanished, and the light I faded. With the return of my normal con dition came a terrible fright. I should have sprung oa*; of bsd and roused the house perhaps, if just then the door had hot opened, and Laoy had not entered. With the presecca of another human being I recovered my self-oontrol. Bat I fSlt per suaded that something had happened to Antoinette," said Arialle, Bhuddering. " And now you see that nothing has happened to her, notwithstanding your dream," said Net, cheerfully. .. No, thank Heaven 1" replied Arielle. " At the very hour you dreamed of seeing her spirit she was calmly sleeping on her bed in her chamber at Deloraine Park, and I left he* so-" Net was interrupted? by a knock at the door. She herself went and opened it. ' " A telegram for Mrs. Fleming," said the voice of the waiter. " When did this come ?" inquired Net. "Yesterday afternoon, ma'am. It has been waiting in the office for you ever since," replied the waiter. Net closed the door and opened the tele gram. Thin she dropped down upon the nearest chair, with n face blanched to marble. The telegram was as follows : DELORAINE PAKE, December the -, 12 o'clock m. Db.. BEDE to MRS. ADRIAN Fleming, White Bear Inn, Yockley, CumberlandMiss Deloraine died at 7.15 a.m. "What is it? A telegram, did he say P Does it relate to the 'witnesses for the trial ?" inquired Arielle, stepping out of bed to join her friend. "Why, Net, you are as white as a ghost! What is it ?" ..It is-a telegram from-Antoinette's medical attendant-Dr. Bede. She is there has been-a change/' stammered Net, with quivering lips and brimming eyes. " Antoinette has 3011c / She has changed this world for the next. It waa her spirit I sawI" exclaimed Arielle, in an awe-struck tone/ but with a most positive manner. Net could not contradict her. " You will not go back this moraine ?" said Arielle. " No, it would be of no use to her for me to go, rince she is gone; even if I were at liberty to do so, which I am not. I am subpoenaed as a witness on this trial, you know," gently replied Net. " Yes, and your evidence ia of vital importance to Valdimir." " But, of course, I mast return to Delor aine Park just as soon as I am free to do > BO," replied Net, struggling hard to keep , back the tears that sprang to her eyes. She htd Beenso much oi death in her short life-her father, hep mother, her step father, her friendB and relatives had dropped fart around hor. In truth, Net needed all her Christian faith to Bupport hbr spirit needed every day to pray for faith and hope | to hUBtudn her wounded and suffering love. A'; thiB moment Yivieone came out of the bath-room, dressed for the day. She greeted Net with a kiss, ascribed her pale face to tha fatigue of her night's journey, and inquired how she had left An. toinetio. Then they told hor the truth. * Yivieone waa deeply (shocked and grieved, though indeed she had been for some dayB past expecting to hoar tha sad news whioh had just reached them. The clock struck nine and warned the three young women that they must make them selves roatly to attend the court, which was to meet within an hoar. Net Fleming withdrew to the room engaged for herself, to make her clean toilet for the breakfaat-table and later for the witn&EB;*utand. Yivienne went into the parlour to communicate the news of Antoinette's death to Lord Beaudevere. Half an hour later they all'inet around the board in L^dy Arielle'a private sitting-room, where the Fiemings had been invited to join their friends at their morning meal. " I am very glad you have come, Fleming," said the baron, cheerfully ; "for I waa rather embarrassed with- the presence of these two young ladles. Not expecting to find them here, I had promised Valdimir to go with him to the court, and but for your timely arrival I should have had to disappoint him, and I should not like to have done that, I assure you. Now, however, you can take charge of these girls and leave me to attend my kinsman." "Ishall be moat happy to be useful," replied Mr. Fleming, with a grave bow, for he. was still very much affeoted by the news of Antoinette Deloraine's departure. "You will have to get a Becond carriage, and, mind, drive to the Orchard- Btreet entrance, were I will take you all up through ,the sheriff's office to seats near the bench," concluded the baron, as they arose from the table. The young ladies retired to put on their bonuetB aud the gentlemen went down to .see to the carriages, that they might be well aired and comfortable-for the day waa a raw, damp, cold one. A few minutes later two carriages were drawn up before the door. Beaue, with courtly grace, put the three young ladies in one of them, and, turning, said to Mir. Fleming: "Youhad better drive at once to the Guild Hall. Enter by the Orchard-street gate, as I advised you, and wait at the rear door until I come up. I have to go first to the prison; "but it is not far, and I shall not be more than ten or fifteen minutes behind you." Fleming bowed, entered the carriage, and seated himself beside Net. The baron entered the second carriage. And then both vehicles drove out of the inn yard and separated, the one taking its way to the prison, the other to the court house. The distance to the prison waa very short. Lord Beaudevere found his and the sheriff already down in the hall on the ground floor, waiting for him. Immediately after the morning saluta tions they all three entered the carriage to drive to the Guild, Hall. As they went on, the baron delighted his young kinsman with the news t.ha.f-. Viig sister and his betrothed had arrived in town. 