SHORTHORNS IN VICTORIA. TO THE EDITOR OP THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-Many of your readers are greatly dis pleased because " Tyneside Man" announced his opinion of Victorian Bhortborns so dog matically, before seeing more of them, and because his trusty henchman, Mr. J. C. Coch rane,should be still more precipitant in inditing his dictum regarding English shorthorns with out having ever seen any of them on their native soil. The malcontents who thus growl are credulous enough to believe that if our kind instructors, respectively, had better opportunities of investigating their subject, they might have arrived at different conclusions to those they so carefully present to us. But, herein, the malcontents are sadly mistaken. No facility of inspection no matter how favourable-would ever in duce these writers to reconsider their verdict. No! and why ? Simply because these men walk by faith, and not by sight, and by reason of this, their great endowment, they can discern things which are incomprehensible to us. Herein lies their great advantage. As the Cockney Baid of prophecy, " h-its h-inspiration wot does it." And while under this benign in fluence, Mr. Cochrane, at leaBt, becomes so very elated that he cannot control, though he can easily account for, the wonderful glow of hie imagination. Hence, his utterances are not fit matter for criticism. I would therefore here at once bid him adieu, only that in part ing with people at this stage of life I like to say a kindly word to everybody. And in thiB commendable frame of mind I now tender the humble meed of my admiration to Mr. Cochrane in recognition of the very powerful and poetical way in which he illustrates to as, and that so vividly, how the colour of the animal outside the skin is affected by the quality of the flesh inside the skin, }uBt as the grass iB affected in greenness by the rich ness of the sod. This figure, in my opinion, is really beautiful, Howbeit, in constructing the machinery of his parable, Mr. Cochrane has made one little omission, which leaves his immortality still, I fear, rather insecure. He ought to know that it the eye beholding the varionB shades of colonr he so charmingly describes to UB be likewise green, the hue of the green in that case becomes greatly in tensified. My recollections of Australian shorthorns, sir, are now probably almost as long as those of any individual to-day in this colony. You will therefore permit me, I trust, to take some cognisance in this place (as a first in stalment) of the bundle of notes which " Tyneside Man" has thrown so deftly to the Field, and which came back to us again, as be anticipated, boomerang-like, across the wide ocean. The recital of an experience extending over neatly 40 years among stock in this country may prove as interesting, and probably more instructive, to your readers than the random statements of a person who only canters once over a run, after his guide, like a flunkey behind a Scotch laird; and forth with undertakes to lay down for our culture what he so modestly considers to be " the law and the testimony." Let no one, how ever, who may have noticed the juvenile antics of "Tyneside Man" reflect for one moment on that smart writer's veracity. That he saw 14,000 head of cattle grazing on the Cplac estate, the late Mr. WUliam Torr breeding his " Brighta" from an old Nor-' thumberland tribe ol cattle, and a score, more of such wonders; we must all ascribe to' the true cause. There is no intention, onj ft®. t*1® mrnator, in zelating these Jiuie trifles, to mislead, us bp ope hair-! breadth. Not at alL Our bind m8£Tc -th only endowed, in Borne mysterious wiay, the faculty for seeing the marvellous, my countrymen at home, in their native glens, are gifted with the " second sight, parleying with ghosts and fairies. QUALITY. As with moBt other agricultural write our day, the above word is used by at side Man" ad nauseam. Yet he does define it to us. Can he, therefore, j*"®8. know what quality really is ? If ?o, 1J?®8 act fairly by us in beeping us still in prime ignorance? Probably he will say to us, quality is that particular thing peculiar to tn beasts I import for the good of y°ur country. Well, let us Bee. The fleshers of the most fashionable cities and localities inEng1® bnow and Btudy (as they require to do) much about quality as any men to-day1 existence. Ana how do these expentarate carcase of the sorts he recommends to ub . Will they give within 2d. per lb. for it tna they will for a carcase of the right Scottia breeds? I wot not. Will they even Bi^e as much per lb. for it as they will forJDevonB or Herefords ? By no means. The con clusion, then, iB forced upon us that tne binds belauded by " Tyneside Man are but inferior quality after alL But we have good quality of beef in many instances in tnis country, as English consumers will soon bnow if our exportations of frozen meat to them should be presented in a proper state in the metropolitan marbets. Any P.ers?*J of skill who should see some of our colonial cattle would at once vouch for the accuracy of what I now Bay. Here at large, and ori pasture alone, we may Bee the limbs clean and flat, the quarters well-packed, the hocKB, back, and cropB thickly covered, the necK vein and oxter full, the belly carried wlt,h elegance and ease, and the hide all round regularly and evenly crammed with heavy, marbled, elastic flesh. The fastidious aris tocracy of Britain will in a moment dis tinguish and appreciate this kind of meat, while the stall-bred beasts of their own land, a complete contrast, too often, to the colonial kind I have just now described, will be only gobbled up by the lower orders of the people, such as miners, mariners, stevedores, and coalheavera. . , . , The " Tyneside Man " informs his readers that cattle bred for many generations in this country degenerate wofully (a misfortune not libely to happen in the case of his im portations !), but, inferentially, that the downward tendency can be lucbily stemmed by an application of the blood he provides for us. What a benefactor, to be sure! It must be a serious national loss to us that he did not appear among us at an earlier period of our history! But, for my own part, I openly repudiate his doctrines, and have much greater faith in those of James Hogg, the Ettrick Bhepherd, whose advice is not to change the breeding females already accli matised to local conditions, but to introduce any modification of type that may be desired through the use of fresh sires. And so, like wise, act the sheepfarmers of Scotland. In that country generally the incoming tenant takes the outgoing one's stock at a valuation, invariably much above ordinary market price. And why is this so ? Because of the following weighty reasons. Were the incoming tenant to purchase strange stock, before such became adapted to his locality he himself would be ruined, his laird would be impoverished, and the general wealth of the country would be diminished. And such, also, is my ex perience here, where I have had every oppor tunity I could have desired for testing the relative merits of fresh importations; but I have never yet seen, in my own pastures, any beasts to thrive like those that are now bred in Australasia for nearly 60 years. " Tyneside Man" has certainly room here to ejaculate-" But yours were originally of a better kind than what modern dealers bring out nowadays." Well, be it so. It will gratify me greatly, however, to make one more ex periment yet in this direction, if he will be agreeable. Let him turn six head into the Bame paddock with eight of mine for the space of four months. It will be both in teresting and instructive then to see whose lot will present the best flesh, hair, and colour. I Bay Bix of his, as I am of opinion the smaller number will consume the most i food. COLOUR. ! " Rich colour means rich quality," says the " Tyneside Manbut here, again, he does not deign to inform us what good colour is. We may assume, however, that in his estima tion the colour of his sorts is the rich one. Well, " if rich colour means rich quality," how very rich in colour must be the Scottish breeds, whose flesh fetches 2d. per lb. more than that of bis sorts will, and that, too, in the most fashionable markets in the world ? Will he kindly inform us of what colour these breeds are ? What was the colour of Old Hubback? And of Second Hubback, and of Belvidere ?-both of which sires Thomas Bates used twice over to his Duchesses to improve their flesh. What colour was Grand Duke 13th, that I saw ten years ago used to the same tribe, and for the same purpose? Were not all these, and hundreds more of the most famous sires on record, of the " dingy" colour that " Tyne side Man" so much abhors ? And out of all the shorthorn world can he adduce ua one instance of the blue-roan colour, of which he is so greatly enamoured, letting alone of the sluggy black horns, until after Charles Col lings introduced the Alloy bull to a portion of niB herd ? And this colour, bo rich, ac cording to " Tyneside Man's" notions,: is really no roan at all, but a sort of iron-bark grey, produced by the heavy mixture of black hair intermingled with the whitey-blue grounds of the animals. That this is an un deniable fact he can verify for himself by subjecting a stirk of his selections to the scrutiny of the magnifying glass. Although I felt it my duty, Sir, thus to expostulate a little with our roving ambas sador for traducing our stock so unjustly, I am far from denying his many fine traits of character. The fidelity with which he exe cuted his commission, I think, iB beyond all praise-a commission about which, among other things, I will have something to say, with your permission. Sir, in my next, -I am.&c..; ROBERT M'DOUGALL. Arundel, August. 