•V odd notes; : BY A BOHEMIAN. PiJOTBSTANT/sjx is-in Imminent danger in this ,oolony. bo! : I do not lay claim to this as an original disoorery of my own, because I havo-'a1 Wzy^Bort. of'impression that some Orhugemon of my acquaintance made tho eatno observation.: to, mo soma years ago. If my moraory serves mo correctlyj I was assured at tbat'- timo in''the "most emphatic maonor that luit'for/jthb^pfesenco of Orangomdn in this coloiiy.wo should at that moiueut bo groaning under.tho.irpn ,joke of "Pupal supremacy"-— whutuver> that may tnoau. It is soiuothing awful, without doubt", because my friend looked very sorious when ho uttered tho words, and was shocked at the levity with which I received tho announcement at'that tiinoV But I am not bow prepared . to treat, the ;matter with tho flippancy I did:thon. . r If increasing years havo hot brought--additional' wisdom,-, they havo brought sotrio reflectionf and a more serious turn of-mind, besidos which, circumstances have altered in a way, that seems ,to indicato that my Orango' friend's assertion" may havo some foundation in fact, after all.4 At the samo. time, to.nhbwitkab .I ain no alarmist, and do not speak without bookylwill just rgivo a fow words front Jorcthy Benthara's; H Book of Pal. lacies;" quotodV bySydney.Smith' in his notico of tfint book in tho^fiwiMry/V iJcriVi-p of 1S25. Thoy are to tho, following eflect :^ ., I'aluciks or PaBTKNuzo DiNOEn.—Tho object of this class of fallacies is to draw aside attention from the tnensure to tlia wrvn, and this in such a manner, t hat for somo real orsupposed defect iu tho author of tho moasnro, a-corrcsi>onding defect shall l>o Imputed to tho mcasuro itself. Thus, tho author of tho measure cutertaiss a bad design j therefore tho' weasuro is bad. His diameter in had; therefore the measure is bad ;• his motive is bad, 1 will, voto against the mea sure. On former occasions, this same person , who proposed tho measure was its enemy, thoreforo tho measure is bad. Uo is'ou a fo'otiug of intimacy with this or that dangerous man;'or has - been .seen iu his company, or is suspected of ontcrtainiug some of his opinions, therefore tho, mcasuro is,bad. bears a namd thht at a former period was borne byn set of men. now 110 more, by whom'had principles were en. teriaiiicdrrthereforo tho measure ia,bad,-; > , ■ Now everybody, whoso opinion of such subjects is worth repenting, knows very welt that Jeremy Bonlhain .was a wiukod man who said and, wroto thinga m uu upside-down sort of way. Or, to pot it in plain English, whatever ho said was true should be aceepted as false, and whatever ho asserted was falso should at onoo he accepted as true. Read in this light tho above quotation proves very clearly that we are going over to the Pope and tho prince ot tlarkness at railway speed. Two of our present Ministers are Papists without doubt. | I do not want to ho personal, hut may ho ex cused for hinting that their initials are Macros Ban and Perkins. These gentlemen are bound | hand and foot to obey the orders of Bishop O'Quinn of course, and his orders aro that «■ papal supremacy " is to h'o introduced as soon as possible, and before M'llwraith comes back any way. This satisfactorily explains the reason why Hnrley was thwarted by the Minister for Works with respect to his little scheme for a railway from Maryborough to the Burrum, and why tho Minister for Lands withdrew from sale tho six allotments of bridge lands put up for auction sale last weok by j Arthur Martin at the City Anotion Mart. | How simple and easy it is to explain a thing when yea know all about it 1 I It has been a standing reproach for yeirs I past in the old country against Australians that they display a lamentable lack of publio spirit in the management of their public affairs, but that Is not what is the matter with Qneenslandera at this end of the colony. They are afflicted in the opposite direction, and suffer through excess of public spirit which is narrowed down and concentrated to a focus that destroys by ita intensity whatever it is directed againBt When thd intention was to simply foBter and enconrage in tho right way the native enter prise which happened to he subjected to publio criticism. I well remember some years—many years—ago we had a Queensland Steam Navi gation Company, which imported coasting steamers built on the Clyde and rnn them in opposition to the A. S. N. Co.'s steamers, to the great profit and advantage of importers, ex porters, and the travelling publio of this colony genetally. But an impression got abroad that this company was not being managed as economically as it might and onght to be, so with an ill-directed, but moat earnest and ardent public spirit a few zealous souls decided that this native enterprise was beyond cure and " past praying for," as the saying is, therefore that the only wise thing to do was to wind this oompanj up as soon as possible, and sell tfca boats to the rival company. The com pany was wound np in • fit of virtuous indig nation, the boats were sold to the rival company at a "tremendous sacrifice," as the drapers say, and that rival company made a " good thing " by the bargain. It gave them a monopoly of the ocean carrying trade between Sydney and the eeaporta of this ooldny of which they took full advantage. Sydney is still, to all intents and purposes, the commercial capital of this oolony, chiefly throngh the virtuous indignation of our local Qneenslandera in winding np this steam navigation company, instead of re-organising it on more business like principles. Nor is this all. The failure of that local company gave the oolony n character which has stuck to it to the present day. Some years afterwards when His Honour Chief Justice Lilley was Premier, and a very good judgo, hat without the ermine, he tried to break throngh this monopoly by giving orders in Sydney for the building of a steamer which was to ho the first of a fleet to do our own carrying independent of tho A.S.N. Co.—and everybody else. This steamer was called the " Governor Blackali "—after a dear and intimate friond of mine—tho only " eociety man " in these ports I ever could get along with. That steamer lying in tho river opposite Harris's wharf earned moro money for tho colony thou aho possibly could have done by any number of voyages which she might hare made in tho timo between Sydney and Queens land ports. Bnt Lilley retired to tho cool, seqavstorod valo of tho law where ho has kept (as far as politics are concerned) tho noiseless tenor of his way ever since, tho Governor Blackali was sold to the A.S.N. Co., when a new king arose who " knew not Joseph," and tho mono poly was resumed. Now wo have the 6ame difficulty about the Queensland Insurance Com pany and its shareholders. A too concentrated public spirit hss welt-nigh throttled the com pany. Luckily it has escaped. At least that is my opinion. • To say that a man was " mean enough to rob a church," wus in my young days regarded about tho lowest depth of degradation :• whioh an ordinary scoundrel could descend. It was considered then, among my friends and acquaintances, that a man who would rob a church would not have hesitated about stealing tho shoestrings of tho best man who has ever appeared on this earth, and would have had no compunction in surreptitiously taking away the cye-teotb of a blind organ-grinder, if thoy wcro - anywav loose. But times havo changed siuce then. An old and respected friend in the south, away towards the New South 'Wales border, writes to tell mo of some religions | persons who first stole a parson and then stole the church in whioh ho preached—and it is strongly suspeoted that they return God thanks j for the success which has crow nod their efforts. This is rather sultry—don't you think? It seems from my friend's account that somewhere down Iibgan "way a. very good _ man who was not. named' Ananias, being a. Wesleyan local preacher and inspired by a ghost—Ifoly or un holy (Ido not wish tospeak or write irreverently) '—gavo a."piece 'of his land to the Wealeynne for them to build a church thereupon. This man .. received much honour and,glory for his zeal in the " cause," arid subscriptions were soon col lected, sufficient to build a church on the site. The church waa built, and the circumstance j was reported to tho tfreolejfan Conference In Sydney th'o following ycat— and the donor wad held up as an cxatnplo for all good tFceleySns, But either by accident or design tfro land oil which tho church wita built was not properly conveyed to the trustees—and this is just where ; the trouble coracs in. This WcBleyaa local preacher got tbo idea that he was not duly appreciated as a preacher by the followers of John and Charles Wesley—and, listening te the voice of the charmer, he went over to tho Congrcgationalists. They "ordained" him last year in Brisbane, and after what waa considered a decent interval he was packed off to the Logan " mission." The result may be very well gnesaed at without a detailed description. That parson is now a Congrega tionalism and the chnrch he gave to the Wes lcyans is a Congregationaliat church—and a majority of the people who need to attend it are in a state of painful doubt aa to whether thoy ought to stick to the Wesleyans or go over with the parson and church to the Congrc gationalists. Bobberies of this kind mak things awkward. Although not absolutely a total abstainer myself, I have a number of friends who are teetotallers—and very nice people they are. Bat there are teetotallers and teetotallers, and it is dawning upon me that the bigots of thii sect are no more scrupulous aa to the means by which they desire to accomplish their ends than—than—the followers of Ignatius LoyolSj by which I wish to insinuate that the more rabid of the Good Templars have adopted the Jesuistical axiom that " the end sanctifies the means." If this were not so, why in the name of all that is honest and manly, should some of them pat strychnine in a bottle of beer at Prabran, Victoria, the other day? I lean from the Melbourne papers that, the bottle of ale said to have contained the poison has been subjected to an analytical examination,' the result being that the bottle was found to con tain a quantity of strychnine. A number of other samples of ale from the same brewery was also examined, bat no trace of etrych- . nine could be detected in them. Messrs. . Jfindlay and Son, the brewers, also stats that they do not use the abovementioned drug in the manufacture of their ales, so that it nrast have been a zealot of a Good Templar who ; surreptitiously insinuated that strychnine into that beer, in order to frighten temperate per sons from their " bittaw bewah." . This is what I call crueU 