- JP HIST ZD O WE !R . A Sxory of Cornwall in tlio time of Kenry the Eighth. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) a discovery. '' '. . ', .. v . Br M. Filledl. Thinking this.might be the document of which she had been in search, she drew it forth with: exultation j but on bringing ;it -to, the light she perceived that, although not so old as the manu scripts she had displaced, it was of too ancient a date to have.been executed of late years. It was tied with a. broad black -ribbon, care fully sealed, and inscribed,— " The last_ dying confession of me, Agnes, Abbess of St. Bridget's) made under remorse ;of . conscience to. the. Great Revealer of secrets and Absolver of sin, for the salvation of my own soul and the benefit of all whom it may concern." ' Written a few hours before death, on the Eve of St. Agnes, 1490." ' "What can this he?" said Evelyn, much excited by the discovery. : - Sir Ralph, looked at tho superscription, and tossed it away contemptuously, saying,— , _ ' " Only the fanciful ravings of some squeamish old woman, who was alike disordered in body and mind." " Ah 1 hut you do. not know," said Evelyn, " that the nuns had a story in my time, which they only spoke, of under their breath in the strictest secrecy, — that there once was an abbess bore, who vras found to be holding heretical views, and she either took poison herself, or died under torture.. by the command .of the Prior of St. Wennpm'8,V,who was visitor here at the time. Any way,' she died miserably, and her body was not buried in consecrated ground, so her soul uevcr had rest : and the; nuns/said Bho had been . seen many times in ' the cloisters on the eve of St. Agnes, when she died. ' But she was always draped' in black, not in whito like other spirits, and seemed to be. weeping and wringing lier hands 1" ; ' "Stuff and nonsense," 'said ' Sir Ralph bluntly. 1 " But it is quite true that there was such a person, ' - persisted- Evelyn ; " aud she was the abbess but one before Mother Theresa; I' wish I might open tliis writing. May I?" . " Well, the writing can't have been ' by a ghost," said Sir - Ralph.. , " Look at it if you like." Evelyn's hands .trembled .as. she broke the great seal, and untied the ribbon ; still more so, as on opening the cover, another'parchment fell out written in; a. different hand and , sealed with a signet, the impression of which "was somehow familiar to her.- She first read with quivering lips. the history given by the' unfortunate 'Agnes) — who stated, with much eohtritioh)"!'h6w tbat in her time the rule of the convent had become very, lax, and the daily dole and charitable bequests had been neglected, and the numberi'of the 'sisterhood hot filled up, in order that ; the;vremainder might have more money to lay out in expensive luxuries and pleasures ; and ; how,' .notwith standing all this, -debts' had: accumulated, knd the resources of the ; , convent-. ; had - become straitened, .until . the abbess knevv not, where; rto look for . relief -from her , difficulties ; and then; how temptation to a further sin came in lier - way, by means of a bi-gging friar, who camo one day to her gates, the bearer' bf:aJ document which he said he had sworn upon the Holy Book, by tho bedside; of,a dying, man, to. dolivor into no hands but hers; She 'then related how she found this ' document to be the.last will nxid testament of her kinsman,- ' Sir'1 Richard Pen- dower, the lord of, the manor, .xyho ;had lately fallen 011 the field: of , Boswprth, , aind rliad .made his last ahrif t to the friar, aforesaid ; and had made a bequest of - his property; to his, infant daughter, with the, exeeption-ofia small acreage, in the Manor of Pendower, which he bequeathed to the Convent of- at. Bridget,- for masses to be said for his soul in- times to como; » The will was brief, t and had been xvritton in haste in a. wayside, house near., the i.hattle-fiPldi and there was uo witness but the friar who had acted both as priesfc und laxyyer on the occasion ; but it was scaled with the dead man's signet- ring, which also the friar brought/with him in attestation of his veracity. i The abbess then related, how. she; sought the advice of the Prior of St. Wennom's, her friend aud accomplice, Juanito by namo j and liow they fabricated another will, a facsimile of the real one, but leaving the bulk of the knight's property to the administration of the Priors of St. Wennom's, and the abbesses of St. Bridget's to provide lights -in a chantry to be added to the Conveut of St. Bridget, in whieh massos should continually be said-for. the soul of Sir Riohard Pendower. The small acerage -. above alluded to wiis to remain as a foundation for a fresh member to be added to the community of St. Bridget, always to be elected from the family of Pendower. .o The abbess farther -stated how that no one knew of the transaction but. herself and. the prior ; and that the latter had found means to secure the silence of the friar, either by bribery, or "some other means," as she ominously said. She then related how, not altogether trust- ing the prior, she had concealed the true will, Which she had given him to understand had been destroyed ; but which she thought, she might find a use for some day. Then she proceeded to state how the increasod wealth of the establish ment bronght increased eare ; and how she was haunted with fears and evil dreams ; and how in vain sho made confession of her misery to the prior, whose absolution brought no peace to her soul ; and how she began to revive the long neglected daily offices; and how, one evening at vespers, the words of Psalm exxxix. stiuck such fear into her heart, that, stricken with the conviction of her sin, she implored the prior at her next confession to allow her to make restitution to the family who had been defrauded, but that he Bought to quiet her scruples, by saying that the property was devoted to a higher use than it could be by remaining in the hands of any secular person. Then, still haunted by a fear of the presence of God, she redoubled her austerities ; and having learned Latin in her childhood, commenced a diligent study of the Vulgate, to seek for herself from the fountain-head that direotion which the ministrations of the Church had failed to supply, — which, when the prior discovered, he com menced a series of persecutions on a charge of heresy, confining her to her own apartment, and only allowiug chosen minions of his own to coma near her person. How, finally, sho was tried by a chapter o£ foreign -ecclesiastics con vened by tho prior, who brought up' against, her such convincing proofs, of heresy,: that sho was condemned .without a dissentient voice the only merpy shown her was, that on account of her noble birth she was to be allowed to drink a cup of poison instead of suffering deatli;by fire. Her body was to he buried in a vault outside the consecrated precincts ; but seeing that slie showed contempt for the Church's ordinances; and refused confession aud absolution, no masses were , to lie said for the repose 'of ; her soul : and hut Bix hours were allowed her, from tlio timo of . her - sentence being- given, to - prepare for -death in the solitude of her chamber. , 1 1 The unhappy womau went on to say that sho employpd-tho last hours of cxistonce in writing : this confession, and that she' intended to conceal it, together;; with, the will,, in an oaken chest . which had never been examined ' in. her -days, , but which oontaiued the 'writings ' of former . abbesses from very early times. This, she thought, was the only chance of-' undoing the mischief she had done ; and 'she trusted to the good -providence of God that this, hor dying prayer,- might bo heard, and that the oonse- qucnces of the evil she had done might not follow her beyond the grave. . For the rest, she believed that God was. more merciful than man, and she desired, like David of old, to fall into his hands. She believed also that He who for- gave.tlie dying thief had the power to forgive, sins without the intervention of priest or ordi nance ; and sho-trusted that Ho who knew the secrets of her heart, kuew the reality of . lier repentance, as well as tho greatness of her iniquity. To His mercy alone she therefore com mended her soul. _ Evelyn laid down the paper with a groan. of dismay and horror. "I never could have believed anything half, so dreadful 1" she ex claimed. ' : '" Sir Ralph looked up, .and seeing her pallid countenance and frightened eyes,- ho glanced at 'the .manuscript and began to read. By degress his attention became concentrated on the narrative; and finally he took up- the will, which ho carefully examined — Evelyn; meantime- watching him in silence. ' ' ' "What do you think of . it at last sho asked. " Think 1" - said Sir Ralpli with affected lightness ; " why, that 1 this is -only, another -proof, of'what a' lot of'.tbievcs and varlots these; ' religious persons,' as they call . themselves, really are. You are such a dear, innocent child that it iB all new to you. Even now one docs not know what ideceptitiu thero may bo at the bottom of in ;' aud lie returned .-to tho ; will again.', -L" - i -- "I know the impress of the signet," said Evelyn. " It is just that of Cecily's heirloom. She 'has often told mejit is the only relie 're maining to her of her fgrandfather.'Hir Richayd Pendower. Mother Theresa found it among the treasures of the -convent;' audgave it toher." " Indeed !" said Sir Ralph' musingly, and he remained for a few moments buried in thought. V'Audywhat shall we do," continued Evelyn); " about tho property ?. It ought to bo Cecily's.", " Ah ! 'sai(i 'her husband, r'as if thinking to himself. " That portion' of ' the estate which; eame. Jrpm- .Sir'jRiqhard .Pendower - is? the only part that 'is free and' unencumbered, thocrest is? heavily,- -mortgaged. -It , -would .really leave nothing' of the king's gift but' the house, if the property were to be divided. /But. tell m'ej' is not Cecily gding'to1 ho a nun?" V '>'. «.Vf, V So-she has always said, ".Evelyn replied. >5;'., " She' looks' it-;-' and I know she- has- always;; hatedme,"saidtheknight. "Itellyouxvhat, , Evelyn : if this property were given to tier, she wouid''only make it over to. a,:«ifesh «set-,of. knaves,;-, and, 'besides, the king-. is"5' the supreme; head ipl'Chiircli and' State, and it is his royal will that this 'estate should- belong to me,— so., here 'goesj' L- , "i There- xvas a- fire ljuroing on the hearth j, for the day was chilly and.gloomy, and- as.Sir Ralph spoke. he threw the writings into,'th,b: glowing) lembVrs!;' muttering, as he" did so, 'that, he would be . .wiser in bisi generation than the old prior.; /' EvelynV however, ' beheld the destroying -flames seize ,'on the iriahuscripts . .with dismay," -and, darting forward,, attempted to rescue them. 'Shh-drew - out; the'abbess's confession before it -had-sustained. any / injury,. ...except that: of ibeing' blackened with" the smoke, the thickness of the :;paper; preserving it from 'taking fire easily ; but; the, will had already .been scorched and singed, -'and; now/fell/from' her hands like so much tinder — that portion of it to which the seal was attached alone remaining uhburned.' : " ( ' "What aro you dping ?" said Sir Ralph in a tone of thunder, his byes flashing with anger. ' Evelyn gazed at him in fear and astonishment. She had seen her husband angry when his will was crossed, but it was the . first time.-' he -had-, spoken harshly to her/ ahd'she burst' into tears/' making no ansxver in words. "Do you dare dispute my will ?" 1 he con- - tinued in high .wrath; . " Pat these ; papers; down, and do not meddlo in what does; not concern you." But; Evelyn continued to hold fast - the precious documents ; and gathering . up her courage, she said, " Oh, do not burn it ! Per haps it is' the last request I shall ever make.' you. Let mo keep it ; pray do."" Sir Ralph's wrath was somewhat mitigated by, the pleading look and beautiful : face which waB turned towards his, and he said, — " What would you do with it, foolish child ? As soon as I am gone, you will go and prate about it to Cecily, ;and then some mumbling old priest will.'get hold of the news, and there is no knowing what might come of such inter ference." " No, indeed," said Evelyn. "How can you have so poor an opinion of me ! I have never told anyone a secret, of yours. Do try me. Let me keep the writing, and I will promise you never to tell anybody without your leave." " I cannot think what good -the old musty thing will do you," said Sir Ralph. " It had much better be burned ;" and he approached as if to take it from her. But' Evelyn' followed up her advantage, and throwing her arms about his neck, coaxed; and' persuaded him until he was fairly conquered ; and she, overjoyed at having rescued the interesting relic, said,— "There, we will put it in the private drawer of your bureau, amongst your most precious, papers ; and it shall ho kopt locked up with them until your return ; and, if you like,; I will promise not even to look at it during your absence." " \ > ". Well," Baid he gravoly/'? the sooner you forget it the bettor..- , Tho old woman's maunder ing fancies can -do no one; much liarm, and tho will is destroyed.' -u-You (see) Evelyn, although there .can- be. 'no doubt-; that -.the restate is rightfully mine, that will; . falling. into>the hands of-imischievyus people, might -have, injured the title, and produced a great deal of -trouble ; so the. less said about these -circumstances the. better." ' 1 ' ,l 's Evelyn in her heart did not-see1 so plainly as her htishand soemed to do, that- his'right to --tho estate was, beyond a doubt indeedv-j tho inflexible -principles of jrcctitxxde which-) tho squire ,had- (impressed 'upon.. -all- Vhis children, prompted her to say that the property/ wlxieh -had been acquired, -by - the lato abbess ; - for -Jthe community by- craft and cruelty, ;OUght neverj;to .have .become the king's to give, but' should'liavo 'be'eix restored ; to the . rightful i heir, - and - that honesty required that such reparation should ; even now i bo made. . But prudence -suggested that, having so far gained lier poiut as to be. allowed , to preserve the confession ;;of ''.Mother Agnes,' it ' would be advisable'- to - defer all further discussion with he'r "husband until his present irascible condition - should- have passed away. . , She therefore took- the> key 'of his private drawer, and unlocking - and opening it, she .removed- a few/papers-, to place/the treasured relics at the bottom.-, /Indoingthis she turned out -the deed, of - gift, - the search for which had led; to-this discovery -being made. Sir Ralph -was -rejoiced: to see it;-- and remarking that it could not bo in.a;better place, laid it back again in the drawer;' which he then locked, and gave- ..the. key' to Evelyn, charging lier to preserve it with- care during his absence. \- Thus it happened thatithe ancient manuscript and the modern title-deed lay side fiysido in tne same receptacle. . Sir Ralph never .again, alludcd.'to'the circum stances -before' ; his departure, ' neitlier did Evelyn venture to touch upon the subject. It, indeed," was painful to her to recall- tho only unkind expression-which hor, '-.husband-had over used- towards herself ; and asitho days fled- past ; which yet remained before his departure, that event seemedjto: absorb all others. And when at last the morning arrived wbich-was to take him from : her, and slib/ had received /her. - Inst kiss and watched the lastjwavo'ofiliis hand from .the highest battlement, sho was absorbcd.with the intensity of a first real sorrow/and fell back in tbe arms of her women, weoping bitterly, aud believing that no grief ever equalled her own 1 Mother Agnes -'and her history faded from her mind; or were only remembered as a-, -.terrible dream. £. ' (To be Continued.) .! p;?At;the annual /demonstration of thefSobiete ae'Physiquli,(the great curiosity bf the: evening yyas )Mr. Trouye's polpseope, or electric illuim- natipn, .which, /was placed) .inside some /fish swimming in ah'' aquarium; '' Each fish emitted rays of light like a moving candle and the whole of-the viscera / becamq, -transparent: .The heat 'produce'd-by. the illiiinihatbr is'so' slight that tho iish did not seem to perceive that there was anything extraordinary<happening in/ltheir'/ in testines. .. 