CABINET COUNCIL. PRESENT : All the Ministers. PREMIER.—Every clond has its silver lining, aud althougli we have been defeated, we are not the only sufferers ; the two corner trimmers are politically dead. EDUCATION.—And the Boss will be able to realise what suffering is now. No more telegrams, 110 more private information. I fancy the certificate as to circulation will be discontinued. He will grow thin on advertisements. RAILWAYS.—Serve him right, but I don't see what you are all driving at. Why resign ? Isn't there a good chance for us ? PREMIER.—Not the ghost of a chance. If an}' man knows the heart of the people I do, and I see the game is played out. The blunderings of the Law Officers ; in fact, the utter unfitness of every member of the Ministry for the position he occupies, has become patent to every i-ight-thinking man in the colony, and last Saturday proves that the right thinkers are in a majority; it was merely a matter of time how long we could humbug the people, and the time has now come for us to move on, for we are found out. RAILWAYS.—Oh, that I should come to be worked off. I, I that have worked off so many, and I'd do it again if I had the chance. Don't be in a hurry, the Governor has gone to the races, something may happen, the Golden Crown was nearly wrecked the other day j say you won't resign, good kind friend, say you won't resign. LANDS.—How I hate everybody, the vBoss, the Corner men who have been rejected, and who brought us into all our trouble; I won't reBign, I have not had time to gratify my hatred; there are some parsons to be dealt with as I only can deal with them. It's unjust to stop me in the midst of my career. I say in spite of I won't resign. WORKS.—Don't be a fool, Smiler, you had a hard fight to save your seat. It was only that you had one of those oligarchs against you or you would have been out of the House altogether. PREMIER.—And a good job too, but now that our last moments have come it is useless to waste them in vain recriminations. RAILWAYS.—Oh, dear me, it's a dreadful end. It's a terrible end for a man like me—no more revenge, 110 more docks, no more continuous breaks, my schemes discovered aud denounced—that makes it all the worse. I know the very men I have promoted will be the very first to lift the veil—Won't you wait a little ? there may be a reprieve yet. WORKS.—I am ashamed of you, you must have been reading Barnaby Rudge, you ought to be the best of us instead of the worst. You have turned more good men off than any other. Why not die game ? LAW.—At least before you resign settle my affair. PREMIER.—Impossible. We have a very different man to deal with now—old Bowen would have considered himself justified in carrying out the wishes of his advisers ; Normanby believes himself justified in considering that we are no longer his advisers^ There is a widespread objection to the appointment; and if there were not, Normanby is Dot to be humbugged : he would say this man is not fit to sit on a Bench, he has made mess enough already. JUSTICE.—Pity the sorrows of a poor old man, whose trembling limbs (breaks dorvn), PREMIER.—Come, Mr. Attorney-General, let us get this unpleasant business over, we must to Government House. ( Curtain falls?) 