WAR CORRESPONDENTS AND THE AUTHORITIES. The rules recently published by th( Indian. Government for the guidance oi newspaper correspondents with Britisl armies in times of war, and by which thei 'sm uiiiu. mcjuBBiv bs ere iney can ODUltl permission to accompany the forces, are naturally attracting much attention in journalistic circles in England and India. It is needless to say that the criticisms they have called forth are by no meanB of a favourable character. It would be much to be won dered at if they were. In the latest issue of the Nineteenth Century the subject is ventilated by Mr. Archibald Forbes, who stands ?without a rival as a -war correspon dent, if we except Dr. Ptussell, the founder of the profession. Some of his accounts of the chief incidents in the con flicts between the Russians and the Turks are fully as graphic and as well written as .Dr. Russell's articles on the Crimean war. In criticising the action of the Govern ment, Mr. Forbes does not profess to place any original or novel arguments before his readers. As, he .himself says, it .would have been wasting discussioa on a foregone conclusion to set forth six months ago the .arguments for and against the permission* of war correspondents in;- the .? fiej-l- ?- B-it in asmuch as six ' mo53thB ago regulations were issued by the Indian Govern ment which practically prohibit men ot honour and self-respect from acting as war correspondents, Mr. Forbes deems it necessary to go back to first principles. His article is the more interesting in that, to use his own words, ho brings to ''bear on the subject the somewhat rare experience of one whose military instincts are certainly not less keen than are his aspirations to be an effective and faithful war correspondent, and of one who has served as a war cor respondent with the armies of at least six diverse nationalities.' Mr. Forbes by no means overrates his abilities to deal with a question of this kind. From his vast fund of experience he has drawn a number of practical arguments which form a complete answer to the contentions of those who have endeavoured to defend the action of the Government In order to show the nature of tho grievance of which the Press complains it may be well to give a brief outline of the obnoxious regulations which have recently been promulgated. Some of them are quite unobjectionable, such, for instance, as those requiring all war correspondents to be furnished with a Government licence, and prohibiting them from writing for other papers than those mentioned in their licence. Inasmuch as great mis chief may be done by an untruthful or a heedless correspondent, who may aim chiefly at supplying news of a sensational character at the expense of strict truth, it is desirable that the Government should have some hold upon all the chroniclers of war news. Corre spondents are further placed wider the Mutiny Act during their stay with the armies, and if necessary the authorities can prohibit their ' roam ing about the theatre of war at pleasure.' They are also forbidden the use of cypher telegrams. None of these rules are objected to. It is admitted by those chiefiy interested that they [should not have complete licence and be utterly irresponsible to the authorities. In fact, those who have a character to maintain are desirous of having their status properly defined. But the Government have not stopped at this. They have framed other regulations which smack strongly of Russian intolerance, and which, as we have already said, render it quite impossible for any war correspondent possessed of self-respect to retain his position. Thus, a military staff officer is appointed to act as Presa censor, with the power of ' obliging all communications sent by correspondents to their newspapers to go to their destina tion through him ; and should he deem the intelligence to be dangerous to the good of the army he may stop it or alter it In the case of telegrams the military censor will generally exercise this power.' Furthermore, it will be illegal for correspondents 'to organize any special means of communica tion under their own control and manage ment, or to employ telegraphs or post offices beyond the radius of military juris diction ; neither may they secretly employ railway officials or others to carry their letters for them. ' These are the obnoxious portions of the regulations of which Mr. Forbes and his colleagues very justly complain. They concede that it is undesirable that correspondents should, by giving early intelligence of in tended strategical movements, atl'ord in formation to an enemy. This was, in fact, the case on more occasions than one during the Russe-Turkish war. But they are perfectly ready to subscribe to any regulation guarding against this, and to bepuniahed if they transgress. It must be borne in mind, however, that there i» no possibility of harm being done in this way when war is being waged against such enemies as the Afghans and Zulus. In the case of the Afghan war, for instance, it is somewhat absurd to suppose that the Afghans could obtain any valuable information in time to be of service from the columns of the Daily Ncvs. Had Kabul been in direct tele graphic communication with London there might have been some danger ; but in view of the fact that no native papers are or were published in Afghanistan,, and that the sole news that reaches the Afghans of Indian affairs is by means of spies at Peshawar, it will be admitted that the enemy could not in thi ? case gain much information from the communications of the war com spondent?. The most obnoxious part of the regula tions is that which empowers the Press censor to alter correspondents' letter*. If they should write in condemnation of the tactics of a certain general, this official is vested with authority to alter them. He may even turn censure into praise, and give forth to the world an utterly untruthful and garblod story. This is/ a matter which affects not only the Prifess, but the whole community. If military affairs are mismanaged ; if there is any radical evil in military administra tion, it is better that it should bo made public. As Mr. Forbes says :— ?' The observation of impartial spectators of military events ought to be the reverse of distasteful. If affairs are progreHsin^ well, the correspondents are eager to accentuate the prosperity ; if there is an clement of hollownes3in the £ood fortune; if luck rather than skill has stood our friend ; if it be apparent that success would have been doubtful but for the incapacity of the enemy, it surely advantages the commonwealth, the advent of the millennium being uncertain, that such matters should be frankly but not rancoroualy Bet forth. To elect to live in what is called a fool's paradise is worse than folly ; it is imbecility.' There is another argument put forth by tho sup porters of the regulations, which, although at first sight strong, can easily bo answered. It is asserted that adverse criticism upon military officers weakens their authority over their troops. Now, it is a well-known fact that tho bo3t critics of military operations are tho soldiers themselves. Long before the war correspondent has committed his. opinions- to paper, the average Tommy Atkins has passed judgment on :hia superior officer. None know bfcttlf if there 'has been lack of skill »or want of judgment, or if good generalship has been displayed. Soldiers know these things intuitively,, and are not likely to be gnided by others who have not, like themselves, the benefit of practical ex perience. It is a singular circumstance, and (jne which affords a strong contrast to the action of the English Government, that the Russians during the late war allowed fuH liberty to war correspondents. In only one instance did they allow themselves to be unjust nt a severe piece of criticism, and dismiss a war correspondent Colonel Hausenkampf , to whom the correspondents applied for the necessary permission to be with the army, said to them :— ' You may criticise and abuse us as much as you please, only don't tell anything about us that would be of use to the enemy.!' Correspondents with the German army enjoyed the same freedom. It is just to the Indian Government to state that, whether the idea emanated from them or not, the regulations an i saved at the instance of the Imperial . Government. The Indian Press Commis sioner has found it necessary to dis own the' authorship, while the Imperial Government have made no reply to enquiries addressed to them on the subject It will not probably fee cleared up until the matter is taken cognizance of by Parliament. But it is a subject for regret that a country which prizes above most things the liberty of its Press should be the only one to fetter it in this manner. If these regulations are 'not repealed the public will in future have to depend for its war intelligence on the official reports, which are to the descriptions of newspaper correspondents what the bare walls of a building are to the completed structure. ^^__^^^^^^^^ Laxmxo Passengers .at Glexelg. — The grievance to which our correspondent, Mr. Maclean, draws attention is au old one, but it is none the less aggravating on that account. In brief, his complaint is that the P. & 0\. steamers neglect to carry out their engagements with passengers who embark with them for Glenelg. In place of seeing them safely on shore at their destination they deliver them at a point in the Gulf two; or three miles from the jetty, and require them to find their way to land &s; be3t they may. We have frequently urged that this style of carrying on business is unworthy of a Company of world-wide reputation, and the persistency with which the re presentations made to them in this matter have been disregarded reflects no credit upon their management. Were the neglect displayed by them shown by any ordinary shipowner it would be ascribed to a contemptible meanness. It is absurd to attribute their action to a desire to save a few pounds a year, but it is impossible to acquit tliem of indifference to the interests of their Adelaide passengers. It is very much to be regretted that some simple method of putting to the test the legality if the course they take is not available. If it were it is certain it would notion remain untiied, for people have a atron aid natural objection to being defrauded of their right?. The mere payment of a 51 few shillings as passage-money from the steamer to the shore is nothing, it is the principle at stake which tires the indignation of those who feel that they are not being justly used. To say nothinsj.of other considera tions, it 13 an unbusines3-like thing for the .Company to refuse to remove the reasonable ground of complaint of their Adelaide patrons. It may be pointed out that the present is a particularly favourable time for raising the question. A new contract with the P. «!c O. Company is now being brought into force, and in place of two vessels a month call ing at Glenelg there are to be four, bringing, it may be assumed, a larger number of passengers than formerly. Then, again, the contract for landing the mails from the steamers i3 shortly to be relet, and by means of a little co-operation between the Govern ment and the Company provision might be made for a larger boat than that which has been performing the work in years gone by. It is a- scandal aud a disgrace that the arrangements for landing the passengers should not only be unsatisfactory as regards the fares that have to be paid, but also ai to the accommodation provided. No doubt the Fairy is a stout thoroughly sea worthy boat, but the process of em barking in her at the steamer's side is often both difficult and dangerous. It is sincerely to be hoped that an im provement will be effected without loss vi time. The Cuffeb Tavern* Movement. — The remarkable aud comparatively unexpected success which has attended the establish ment of the Coffee Tavern in Hindley street is a gratifying proof of th practical value of such institutions. I affords the best possible indication o the utility of coffee taverns as a counter attraction to the public-house, and virtually, sets at rest all ^ doubt as to the financial probabilities of the venture. Although it i3 not very many weeks sinc3 the establish ment was opened, the outcome of the experiment ha3 been so satisfactory that the management have already begun to consider seriously the expediency of establishing houses in other portions of the town. The success met with is the more noteworthy inasmuch as the coffee tavern labours under the disalvantige of not being situated in a central part ot the town. No doubt, however, this h laigely counterbalanced by the fajt that Hindley-street is one of the most frequented thoroughfares in the city, and especially after dark, at the very time when the coffee palace and the public houses come, as it were, into active com petition. Even were the pecuniary results not so satisfactory as they have been, the mere fact that some of those who peram bulate this ' portion of the city at night have begun to devote to the coffee tavern a portion of the time they formerly spent most improficably in tippling at public-houses is a matter for sincere congratulation. But inasmuch aa these taverns are cot intended to be charitable institutions, but are meant to be self-supporting, it is pleasing to find that good returns are being obtained for the money invested. If o little credit is due io the good manage-, irsent displayed, and the energy of the Directors, amongst whom Mr. Madge has conspicuously distinguished himself by his untiring zeaL The result thu3 secured abundantly warrants an extension ot the movement, and we learn with satisfaction that a number of ladies aud gentlemen, acting in concert with the Directors of the Company, have it in view to promote the establishment of other coffee taverns. A requisition, signed by a number of in tiuential citizens, is to be presented to the Mayor, requesting him to con vene a public meeting to consider the matter. Ic i3 not intended to form a rival Company, but merely to extend rhe scope of the movement. . Although we imagine another public maeting is scarcely needed, in view of the tangible evidence already afforded that the- imti 'tntion i3 appreciated, it will no doubt be of service in awakening fresh interest in the cause. The object sought is one well worthy of support, and wa imagine th ;r the 'strong claims it has 'to conside ration from a business a3 well as a philan thropic point of view will coinni3ad it i-.v.\rf'.:!:j to th*»p'.':!:i '.. . Goyeesme-t Temdee8. — The following tenders were opened at the Engineer-in- Chiefs Office on Monday morning, viz. : — For the erec tion of an office and residence for the resident engineer at Ouorn, three tenders, Thos. Sara and Co. lowest. For the construction of a wronght-iron girder bridge over Chief- street, Eowden, two tenderi, J. Hooker, the lower. For the supply and delivery at the Adelaide flail way Station of 450 long sleepers, one tender, J. Fountain. At the Architect-in-Chief's Office : — For repairs to Courthonse and Police Station at Goolwa, two tenders, W. Ballen lower. For erection of a. post-om'ee and telegraph station at AuTston, four tenders, James Wishart lowest. Fo/ additions to teacher's residence at Stone Hut School, three tenders, John Bills & Sons lowest. For the flooring of workshop and iuuning and carriage shed at Kingston, one tencer, F. George. Emigration to Adelaide. — 'We have received a copy of a new land-order warrant poster, 1,000 copies cf whielf have been furnished to Mr. Henry Taylor by the Agent-General for distri bution throughout the United Kingdom. The followirg is a copy of the poster, which -'on- tains seme fuller information than the old posters relative to the value of the land-order, and when it h available:— ' Land^order warrauts of the value of £20 are granted by the Agent-General for South Australia to all persons approved as suitable, who are in sound health, and have not previously resided in Australasia. They muit pay their own passages and proceed direct to Adelaide, South Australia, and reside in the colony for two years. The land- order is immediately available in the pur chase of Crown lands. Persons who do not require to purchase land may transfer the land order after a residence of two years in the colony. Forms of application and other infor mation cau be obtained from the Agent-General of South Australia, 8, Victoria Chambers, W: stminster, S.W.' Adelaide No. 1 Rifle Compact. — This com pany on Saturday, the 14cb, held the first *of six bi-monthly sqaad competitions. In order to promote riHe shooting this company has been divided into four squads under the officers and colour-sergeant, the shooting power being equally distributed. The highest four scores in each squad in each competition to count ; the squads to win prizes according to their aggregates. Captain Ferguson and Lieutenant Carter have each presented as prizes a case of ammunition. The distances on Saturday were 200 standing, 300 kneeling, 400 and 500 lying down ; regulation targets. A strong wind, veering from the right-front to the front, blew during the competition. The following are tUe scores : — No 1 Squad — Captain Ferguson, 4S ; Private Leonard, 4S ; Sergeant Poole, 37 ; Private Waterbouse, 39 : tot:l, 172. No. 4 Squad— Colour-Sergeant Eagshaw, 4- ; Corporal Highman. 39 ; Private Leader, 31 ; Private Pendlebury, 22 ; total, 134. No. 3 Squad— Lieutenant Linklater, 49 ; Private Carruthers, 31 ; Private Daws, 29 ; Private Watkins, 19 ; total, 128. No. 2 Squad— Private Chennell, 54; Lieutenant Carter, 52 ; total, 106. Several other members competed, bat only the telling scores are reported. A match with the cavalry for the 2l8t has been postponed, owing to the absence from town of six of the leading shots of this company. Maxslaxghtef.— Io the case of James Viant, committed for trial for manslaughter, His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut, upon the application of Mr. C. M. Muirhead in Chambers, has granted bail. Samples of Fimb Ftor/B. — Messrs. Menz and Co., of Wakefield-street, have shown u? three samples of splendid Hour which- one of the members of the firm obtained at the Milling Exhibition at Berlin a few months ago. Ths flour was ground by a new process, steel rollers being used instead of the ordinary atone rollers The samples, which may be seen at ^Messrs Mcnz & Co.'s establishment, have been es amined by several millers, who hive expressed much admiration of them. The Irish Relief Fund.— Mr. O. Todd has communicated to us the following message tele graphed by Mr Pemler from London :—' There are two Irish Relief Funds; will you pleasa inform the Mayor of Adelaide and the Press. Ore is headed by the Lord Mayor of Dublin, to whom all remittances from Australia appear to h%ve been sent ; the other is Tieaded by the Duchess of Marlborough.' This circumstance has been notified before in our columns. The Adelaide Fire Bbisadb. — On Monday morning, February 16, Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4 Reels of the Fire Brigade turned out for practice, and were at the Superintendent's house, Hutt street, , before the town clock had struck the hour of (3, the appointed time. They were, however, kept waiting till 6.15 for No. 7 Reel, which, for some unexplained reason, did nob come to the meeting at all. Tke roll was called, and the fourteen firemen belonging to the reels present all answered to their names. The Superintendent of Fire Brigades introduced Mr A.F. Leightonas his assistant, and informed the firemen that Mr. Leigliton would act as Deputy -Superintendent of Fire Brigades when ever he (Mr. Baker) was absent, and would also assist the Superintendent of Fire Brigades at all fires within the City of Adelaide. Mr. A. Abrahams, the Chairman of the Adelaide Fire Insurers' Association, also the Secretary of the Imperial Fire Insurance' Company, were present, and took great interest in the drill. The reels and implements were all thoroughly examined, and the firemen were practised in coiling the hose, coupling and uncoupling it, ke , after which the reels were sent off to diffe rent fireplugs, at about; 200 yards apart, and afc a given signal they exchanged places, to open the fireplugs, screw down the hydrants, run off ISO feet of hosepipe from each reel and attach it to the hydrant, screw on the branch-pipe, and turn on the water. This work was done by each of the four reels. No. 1 was first to have the water on, and occupied only one minute and a half; the other three reels followed in quick succession, No. 3 second, No. 4 third. The No. 2 Reel had some difficulty in opening the fire plug, so was not as quick as the others. The telegraph and telephone were also practised with at 9 a.m , between the Superintendent of Fire Brigades and Superintendent of Mains at the valvehouse, Hackney ; also with the police at King William- street Station. The Poliie answered correctly and distinctly,* and the Super intendent of Mains answered with telegraph bells, but could not be heard with or through the telephone, so the code of signals could not be practised by the Superintendent of Maim between the valvehouse and the Superintendent of Fire Brigades' residence, the instrument being out of order. Thi3 Ybar's Shipment of Wheat. — We quote the following from the Port Aujusia Dispatch: — 'A well-informed and intelligent gentleman who resides in one of the Northern centres of agriculture, and who is engaged in farming on a somewhat extensive scale, informs us that our estimate of the probable quantity of wheat to be shipped at Port August* this season is very much below the mark, and that, instead of 200,000 bags, there will be at leastr600,000 bags to be disposed of, so that the amount for shipment will be at least double that stated by Uf, or say 400,000 bags. There is a large quan tity now in the hands of farmers, who, hiving sold what was necessary for their immediate wants, are holding the remainder in hopes of obtainitg an advance upon the present very low prices : and as there is very little doubt that shipping will be attracted to our ports by the present high rates of freight, and that freights will become somewhat easier, it is very probable that an advance in the pi ice of wheat will eventually be secured. A great deal, however, will depend upon the prospects of the European crops during the next few months, as if these are favourable holders will not be inclined to buy more largely than is absolutely necessary.' . Abbitbation over Salb of Wheat.— The Areas Express writes: — 'A case respecting the sale of wheat, and which will probably be of interest to farmers* has just been settled in Gladstone by arbitration. The particulars are as follows :— Towards the close of 1S79 Messrs. J. Cowan k Co. purchased from Mr. D. Heaalip 250 bags of wheat, at 4s lid. per bushel, to be delivered by the 31at December at Haddlestone. Mr. Heaslip delivered and trucked before the 31st a large number of bags, but not the quantity agreed upon, and it was some time in January before the coniract number was supplied. Of course the contract was broken, the wheat not being delivered at the specified time. Messrs. Cowan & Co. required at that time, probably in order to fulfil other engagement, everv bag of wheat falling due to them at that date. The contecdiug parties could not settle matters amicably between themselves, and agreed to submit it to arbitration. Messrs. Moorhousa and Pryor acted as arbitrators, and evidence at some length was taken by them at the mill. The arbitrators agreed to the following decision : — That the contract was virtually broken ; and that Mr. Heaslip can take delivery of his wheat (250 bags) at Port Pirie free of charge, or Messrs. Cowan & Co. would store it at Port Pirie tree of charge for a period not extending over twelve months.' CorNTHT Rifle Match.— On Thursday, Feb ruary^, a match was fired between the Redhiil and Mount Gamble*- Companies, each firing on tbeir own ground. The weather was extremely unfavourable at Redhill, the wind blowing half a gale, accompanied at times with so much dint that firing had to be discontinued. Firingcom rcenced at 1.30 sharp. Distances were 300, 400, SCO, and 6C0 yards- The following are the iled h-ll scores: — C*p*ain Perytnsn. 55 ; Lietii. KobfrJsoc, 65: Lieat. Waddrll, 53; Liaut. J!eynolrf.«, '^5 : Private M^VF-trlme. 54 ; Private Jr-£ersop, 59 : Prirarp J-i!-!-vin. 53 j- grind total. 4;!V?r.if.i-3Ij=ctGAatbitrg€5. The OoRPOBATidJi aito the Gas Company. — Last week at a meeting of the Committee of the whole Council it was decided to make the Gas Company an offer in terms which the Mayor had been given to understand the Gas Company would accept, viz., a contract of three years' duration at £7 per lamp per year, the lamps to be lit from sunset to aunrise, with the exception of seven off nights in every month and four diminishing nights in seven months of the year. Nothing more was required to com plete the contract than the assent of the Gas Company, and the confirmation by the Council of the action taken by the committee of the whole. A special meeting of the City Council was called on Monday, February 16, to settle the gas question, but a disturbing element which threatens to prolong negotiations has been introduced into the offer made by the Council. At Monday's meeting Councillor Claxton moved the addition to the offer recom mended to be made of a clause empowering the Couacil to draw out of the contract before the expiry of the three years, at their will and pleasure, upon the payment of a penalty of £1,000, together with a compensation fee of £250 for the cost of fixing bervice connec tions, kc. Councillor Claxton gave aa his reason for moving this motion his belief that before eighteen months of the contract has expired considerable improveicaats in the art of city illumination will have been introduced in all large centres of pooulation, and predicted that a light equal to' gas will probably soon be produced at que-tithe of the cost of the former. In the discussion which followed a feeble opposition was raised to Coun cillor Claxton's motion, opinions being expressed that the adoption of such a resolution would probably meet with the disapprobation of the Gas Company, and harass the negotiations now pending. Upon a modification, however, of the terms of the motion, to the effect that the addition should take the form of a suggestion to the Gas Company, and that its acceptance or refusal should not nullify the Council's previous offer, the motion was agreed to, no hands being held up against it, the report of the committee of the whole having previously been adopi.ed. An attempt is to be made to close the present kerosine contract this month — its natural effloxion otherwise would take place on Feb ruary 5~and a report of the City Surveyor on the subject has been referred to the Public Works Committee. Whether the adoption of Councillor Claxton's motion will fetter the action of the Public Works Committee in this particular is a point which was not raised at the Council meeting. j Chahge of Stealing Pobcelaimwahb.— At the City Police Court yesterday Louis Saess and Heinrich Berger were committed for trial on a charge of stealing a quantity of porcelain goods, valued at £125, the property of Heinrich Suer dick, painter, of Norwood ; and J. T. Roeger, of North Adelaide, on a charge 3f receiving the goods, kuowipg them to be stolen, was also com mitted for triaL Bail was all »wed, themselves in £100 each, and two sureties of £50 each. Adelaide Rifles. — On Saturday, 14th instant, the Adelaide Eifles paraded under Major Godwin. The regiment was put through various battalion mameuvres by the Depaty Assistant Adjutmt-General, which were credi tably performed. At the conclusion of the parade Major Godwin addressed the men, and stated that that was the last time he would hive ihe pleasure of drilling them. He congratulated the members of the Local Military Force, not on their advancement, as that was a well-known fact, but upon the spirit which they had showi-. By obedience, discipline, promptness, smartness, and good behaviour they had attained know ledge of their duties and gained the respect of their fellow-citizens ; in fact, there had been few — very few— cases of real insubordination. He would always take a lively interest in the South Australian volunteer?, and he hoped that their conduct would induce the young men of the colony to come forward and serve for the defence of tbeir hearths and homes. There were many persons in high position who smiled at them as certain officers holding high military appointments in the old country had sneered at the English volunteers when tla'; force was first ist^.uished, but now those jer hons would not dare to open their mouths against the British auxiliaries, as at the present time they had in England over 180,000 volunteers ; and' te hoped that the Local Military Force rrould emulate the volunteers of Great Britain, and that some day South Australia would be defended by a large body of men composed wholly of volunteers. He would have very much liked to remain with them for a longer period, but circumstances compelled him to leave the colony; he must therefore bid them 'Good-by.' Three hearty cheers wera then given by the men for the ' Major.' The Mines Civil Sittings.— We are in formed that there are twenty-four actions set down for trial at the civil sittings commencing on March 2, but they will be transferred to the list for the sittings commencing a week later, viz., on March 9. Harvest Thauksoitiso Sebvices. — On Sunday special thanksgiving services were held at the Archer-street Wesleyan Church ia recog nition of the abundant harvest with which the colony has been blessed. The churcbTwas pro fusely decorated with wheatsheaves, flowers, and evergreens, to indicate the bounty of the Almighty. Sermons 'appropriate to the occa sion were preached by the Rev. R. S. Caseley and the Rev. R. M. Hunter. The latter gentle man also took the afternoon service in place of the Eev. F. Searle, who was unable to fulfil his engagement owing to a domestic bereavement, and in the course of his discourse he men tioned the fact that the harvest would yield not oply sufficient for the wants of our own popula tion but for two and half millions of people lesides. The services were continued on Monday evening, when Mr. W. H. Sharland presided, and addresses were delivered by various ministers and friends. The atteudances were large, and the collections which were mide ere to go towards the erection of new schoo! rooms. Fecit Soieee.— The Adelaide Youni? MeL's Society, with the energy which formed tte foundation of their success and the originality which entures the popularity of their institu tion, lave iesolved to continue their social gatherings through the summer irontbs, and to introduce on each occasion some feature in their entertainments which should have the charm of tovelty. The other Societies, succumbing to the sultry summer, go into recess until more congenial weather, so that the Adelaide Young Men's Society have the field clear. Their first 'rot-weatber demonstration' took the novel form of a Fruit Soiree, held in Stow Lecture Hall on Monday evening, February 1C, and wa3 very largely attended by both sexes. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher presided, and after announc ing the object of the gathering stated that prizes fcad been offered for e3i-*ys on the subject 'What constitutes a gentle man y Eight competitors sent in their pro duction?, and the first prize, £2 2s. (to be ex pended in books), bad beea sained by Mr. Cor nelius Proud, and the second prize, £1 Is, was awrrded to Miss Dean, a lady-associate of the Society. Both papers were carefully prepared, and, although dealing with a somewhat hack neyed subject, contained a fair proportion of sound thought. The remainder 01 the pro gramme consisted of recitations, music, and singiDj by members and associates of the Society. In the intervals fruit was handed ronnd, thus bearing out the characteristic title of the entertainment. The evening was speiit in a very enjoyable manner, and gave fair protrise that future meetings of the kind would meet with snecess. White's Room-.— The Froliqnes entertain ment at White's Booms was made still more attractive that, it has yet been by a change of pro gramme on Monday night, and a large and delighted audience marked the occasion. The performance commenced with the usual min strel business, except that the songs were new, and the nigger fun of Charley Re-?d (bones) and John Gilbert (tambo) was fresh, as well as inte Dsely amusing. Gilbert's comicalities in the rattling ditty of 'Sweet Evelina' were certainly '? great.' Madame Simonsen sang in excellent voice 'Scenes that are brightest,' which was loudly encored, and in response she rendere-i wirh much expression 'Alas! those chimes,' Later on she sang Eckert's 'German echo song. Mr. Simonsen performed on his violin a fantasia on themes from ' II Trovatore' so well that the audience would not rest samned till be had come forward again. He also played variatioES of 'The Last Rose of Summer' and ' Yankee Doodle.' John Gilbert, ' the peerless grote?qtie dancer and comedian,'' ga^e one of his extraordinary performance?. ii ter which Charley Reed and Mr. Cummings (stage manager) ap peared in a farce entitled ' The Wrong Room.' Zittella then sarg in severn] character sonps.ot which the best was the 'Flag Soog,** and from first to last the audience flattered her with their favours. Mifs Lottie Elliot, the skipping-rope daccer, ceiipeed all 'h»r previous achievements by winding up a long dance with skipping through a rope ablaze with fire. A very original end fanny exhibition followed— ' Four of a Kind'— by Reed, Cummings, Gilbert, and Har riug-0D. Then the Vaidis Twin Sisters wen*; through their daring trapeze performance, aud it is ncdouhtedly devr r and daring, if anything of the kind can be so termed. The bill con cluded with the farce of 'A Very Quiet Family.' This evening the Taidis Sisters take their benefit. Gien O&yto;^ra Ixstitcts. — An entertainment will be given in this Institute this evening. Valkktesks. — The estimated number of valectines posted for delivery by letter-carrlera in Adelaide on Satnrday. Feornary 14, was P,723-tbe number last je*r being 14,452, soot Teb Criminal Sitting. — The March Criminal Sessions will begin this morning at 10 o'clock. The following cases are on to-day's list :— Richard Cook, William Stalker, Thomas William?, Arthur McCarthy, and Catherine S'icholsoD, stealing from the __ person ; Joha McLoughlin, breaking and enteiiug a counting souse ; James Broadrick, latceny in a dwelling ; William Joseph Mason, forgery : Catherine Dolling, housebreakicg ; John Burns, indecent issault ; John Andrew Thompson, forgery : and John O'Ntil, a3s&ult; on a peace oiScer. Accii-F.i-TAL Death neab Port Augusta — Che local paper furnishes the following sarticulars respecting the death of a little ;irl, aged two years, daughter of Mr. Fames Bowman, of the Gap Station: — ' A pin )f milk which had just been boiled had been pa: m the floor of a room to cool, and it appears ;hat one of the other children having after wards gone into the room had left the door open, md the little one having wandered into the ?oom fell into the pan, severely scaldiug one irm and shoulder, as well as the other parts of ;lie body. Dr. Markham was sent for on Friday and administered medicines, and also applied ointment to thei njured parta, but the iveatber was very trying, and the little sufferer 1 ever recovered the shock, and died about 9 /clock that night.' Vestilatiom of Houses. — Mr. John Carro'l bis shown us what he believes to be a new plan in the important element of the ventila tion of houses. Ic consists of a narrow box the width of the wall havingan opening both outside md in, faced by an ornamental ventilator. Ibe box itself is divided by a sloping board, so as to allow one division for the ingress of fresh air and another for the eg1*?' of foul air. The appliance has not yet been tried, but one or two architects who have seen it speak favour ably of it. Theatbb Rotal.— The Pantomime still con tinues to draw well. All parts of the house were crowded on Monday night except the dres8-circle, and that was well patronised. Mr. Roberts as Mrs. Crusos is the soul of the piece, and Miss Maggie Knight's dancing is looked upon also as a feature, while generally she seems as usual in favour. The naval scenes by the juveniles are as popular as anything in the programme, and deservedly so. Thh Shbsandoah.— The Melbourne Argui writes : — ' A famous cruiser, which put into this port towards the end of 1864, and by so doing caused the Geneva Commissioners to add £3,100,000 to the Alabama award, has foundered off the Island of Socotra, in the Indian Ocean, with most of her crew. This vessel, the Shenan doah of former days, belonged, at the time of the disaster, to the Sultan of Zanzibar. She was built at Glasgow, and launched under the name of the Sea King. She was purchased on the 20th of September, 1564, for the Con federates, and cleared out for Matamoros. She took her armament and stores on board at Madeira, where Captain Waddell and his officers and crew embarked in her from the steamer Laurel, which had been fitted out at Liverpool. Thence the Sbenandoah came ou to Mel bourne, and remained in Hobson's Bay until February, 1S65. Subsequently she destroyed eight whaliBg ships in the arctic seas, and placed their crews on board the barque Milo, whicn conveyed the intelligence to San Frau cisco. Other vessels shared a similar fate, even after the termination of the civil war ; for Captain Waddell refused to believe the report that Richmond had fallen, and that General Lee had surrendered himsilf and the remains of his army to Genertl Grant. On the 6th of November, 1855, the Shenaodoah ran into the Mersey, and the captain gave her up to the British authentic?, by whou she was handed over to the Corsul of the United States; her officers and men, to the number of 133, being allowed to discind and deprrt. As a cruiser she wrs scarcely less redoubtable than the cele brated Alabaiua, and her fine qualities, a regards build &cd; speed, will be rememotred by nmnlv-» who Tisited her while lying in these waters.' A Case of Eesueekctiom.— The following story is told in the Era.— 'In Thurgau, Switzerland, the body of a man was found, and it was supposed that death had been the result oc foul play. But the medical men declared that the wounds were self-inflicted, and that the deceased must have committed suicide. The body was identified by a large number of re latives as well as by sawyers with whom deceased had worked as having belonged in life to one Baumeler, a sawyer of Lucerne. His kinsfolk followed him to the grave, put on mourning for him, and the IocaI papers pub lished notices of the dead man. On the evening after the interment, while a number ot Baumeler's friends were making merry in the village ino, who should walk in among them but the dead man himself! The peasants dropped their tankards of lager, and stared at the ghost in dismay. Some took to their heels in fright, and, running home, barricaded their doors. The ghost quietly took his seat at a table, and ordered sausages, bread, and lager in large quantities, and, his meal being finished, went straight to the priest, and thanked him for the eloquent funeral oration he had delivered over his grave. He then called upon the bead man of the district, and expressed his obliga tions for the trouble taken on his behalf. So far, the ghost showed himself to be amiably inclined, but his mood changed upon looking dowa the columns of a local paper, which con tained an obituary notice of the deceased couclied in net exactly complimentary terms. The ghost, whose reputation during lifetime was really somewbat shady, seeing his chance, in tends to bring an action for libel against the editor, who forgot to state in the obituary notice that deceased was a representative of all the virtues. The circumstances of a live ghost walking about, and contemplating law proceed ings, has thrown the village into a state of great excitement.' The Em eralt^ Hill Town Couwcil awd its Debehtubes. — The discovery of the two deben tures of the Emerald Hill Town Council among some papers deposited by the late Town Clerk, Mr. Eville, in the National Bank of Ausrralasit at Emerald Hill, is (writes the Age) attracting much attention and invoking serious enquiries. One of them, No. 31 of series 5, is unquestion ably a duplicate of a genuine debenture not as yet disposed of, but remaining in stock, and the other is almost certain to be in the same category. They were deposited with the Bank at a time when Eville's account was over drawn as a collateral security; but the over draft having been paid off it is a matter of sn'-piise that they were not reclaimed by tie depositor and destroyed, as they were r.o loEger required for the original purpose. They are ttated to be duly signed by the Mayor, a Councillor, and the Town Clerk, the same as the genuine .lebentures are, and the signatures are believed to be correct and not forgeries. The question then arises of how they came to be signed in excess of the number of debentures to be issved. It is not supposwl that there was any complicity on the part of the Mayor and Councillor, but that they signed the pile of debentures placed before them for tbat purpos e and neglected to count them, and thus check the action of the Town Clerk as they ought to have done. This would show grea1: and almost inexcusable carelessness on their part, which cannot be lesseBed by the plea that such implicit trust w&s; always placed in Mr. Eville that it was not deemed necessary to adept the precaution. The result proves that their neglect of a plain imperative duty offered facilities for the perpetration of a fraud, and it is merely accidental that no loss has accrued thereby. As it is, the Council may probably not care to do much more than reslaim the spurious debentures, and see them de stioycd, but that will not satisfy the public. The subject should be thoroughly sifted, and the blame of the transaction be fixed upon the right individuals, unless they can prove that they are guiltless of such a great dereliction of duty. However, as the consideration of the report of the Finance Committee has been merely post poned, it will be seen in a few days whether the Town Council will deal trenchantly with it, or whether they will be satisfied by discovering tbat there will be no loss to the Town Fund, and therefore see no necessity for proceeding further. A Retestast CmiiiyAL. — A ca?e exhibiting acme pathetic features (states the A:?e) came a few days ago before the SaEdridge Court A young man named James Williams, alius Cooper, was brought up on the charge of being a prisoner cf the Crown illegally a1: large. From the evi dence it appeared that he fcad been sentenced to two years' imprisoniEent for larceny. On the 19th November, within five weeks of the ex piration of his senfence, he escaped, and was at large until arrested at CoIIingwoo J on the 8th inet. He pleaded guilty, and stated that when 5 a the WilliaiEstown Barracks he refused t« join other prisoners who escaped, when he conld bave easily got away. At the Emerald Hill Barracks, from whecce he had escaped, he had ample opportunities to get &w;»y, but took to advantage ef these chances nntil he heard his sister was dying up the country. Another prisoner bad removed * portion of the window, atd thus left no impediment in his (prisoners) ?way bat to merely walk oat, without breik irg out of gaol. He walked sixty miles, bire f-wted and without food, to attend his sister's last nomea's. He saw her buried, and then returned to Coliiogwaod, where he had since cbntinned at bis trade, that of a boa'makcr, gaining an honest livelihood. He wished io lire an fcor.est life, and begged the Bench to deal leniently with him, so as to enable hioi to redeem his « haracter and lead a new life for the fo*ntp. He trss wnwneefl ' to r.hrne mii'-h1! in p»rl «i?h bard lirnnr, and c'5u**r t''-'V'* r-, -v -'?--?;. '»-;;-.t .-. '.r;., j.-' ~J ~r ? t.' 