THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, DEC. 4, 1880. A direct telegram, published in another column, stat}ng that England has proposed to the other European Powers that ¿he combined fleet should not be dispersed, but that concert should be majntajned to. ensure the execution on the part of Turkey of the ratnaindep p,f tlje gerljn Treaty, reads as if England Imp] pof been taught ex- perience by the false position which, when the last mail left England, was so much discussed by the English ires«, ^J|û Ppwgrs, or rather England, tho other Powers merely looking on, and Turkey had been playing at a game pf ftide and seek, Foj; ¡} time-£00 fong a time for those jealous of the Jionour of England-the spectacle was presented of tho cqmbined fjepts of Butope being gathevod farther to transfer under threat of force a petty port in the AdrlaMp from the jurisdiction 0/ ono Country to that of another, and for all that time this display had failed to effect any end. The Powers that sent tjie fleets were baffled and beaten, not by actual resistappe offered, hut by the masterly inactivity of Turkey which hrpught promi- nently to the front the great absurdity of the schenip thftt England had devised. It was setting a wheel in motion to kill ft fly. As one Member of Parliament criticising, at a oounty gathering, the conduct of tho British Govern- ment and the action of Europe, said :-" The concert of Europe waa shown In a remarkable way. They got the European nations to send certain ships to Turkey, and if you can judge from the Press of these nations, you can see pretty easily how that was done. The English and Russian öovernmepf» wanted to do it, and other Powers wanted to seo fair play, and that they did not do mischief. One Power made a distinct declaration that their fleet was not to be employed for any actual force, an<] that they were to go away if anything of that kind was attempted. That was the sort of concert of Europe-tho Bhips went there, and if they had to do anything the concert of Europe was to disappear ; and this is a great piece of policy. Well, of pourao, tho Turks know this as well ns we did, and thoy naturally enougli said, ' We are not to givo way to a sham thing of that kind. We know very well there is nothing behind it.' It is perfectly clear that the demon, stration was quito hollow and an attempt to mystify tho Turks and the rest of Europe, but it was dono with a deal of parade, and it was announced that they were going to do a great aot. In fact, they wont out very much as the great highland chief in the amjient ballad, went out : " ' To exterminate the vipers With four-and-twenty fighting men And five-and- forty pipera.' " The process of " extermination" went on with various success, and time aftor time was Eng- land congratulating itself that the exposure of the fiasco of tho combined fleets of Europe being Collected to enforce the cession of a place insig- nificant from its utter worthlesness, had been avoided by Turkey giving up what only pride made it hold to. The fortnight intervening between the despatch of the previous mai) from England and that delivered here on Wednes- day ovening, was distinguished by one of these furores of excitement consequent on the supposed giving in of Turkey, and the Press is full of congratulations. Tho Morning Post says : " Tho Porte now comes to the front with a quiot permission to the Montenegrins to enter Dul cigno on tho original terms of the Turkish Go- vernment. In itself the loss of the miserable cluster of hovpls and crumbling walls which ex- cited the laughter and pity of the European fleet the other day is nothing whatever to the Go- vernment of the Sultan. The paltry harbour which could afford no shelter from the storms of tho Adriatic, tho barren rocks that local pa- triotism alone could prize, are assuredly of little consequenco in themselves. What was im- portant in the eyes of the Porte was that Dul cigno should not be surrendered to a threat of foreign intervention certain to bo repeated again' and again, if once allowed to be successful." In tho same strain the Daily Telegraph says : " Englishmen will naturally feel inclined to ask, now that the Dulcigno muddle has been cleared up by Turkish sagacity, ' What are the concreto results of the European Concert and its abortivo performance-the Naval Demonstration-to the present Government of this country?' The answer is as obvious as wo should imagine it to be unsatisfactory to Her Majesty's Ministors. Mr. Gladstone's Cabinet has suffered a humi- liating diplomatic defeat at the hands of tho Porte." The Times is hopeful It says ; " Europe is much to bo congratulated on this happy conclusion to an embarrassing problem, and on tho hopo it holds out for the future. The Porte no longer defies Europe, nor does it accompany offers of concession by impracticable conditions. Dulcigno is sur- rendered without any procèdent conditions having been obtained, and by the free act of the Sultan. Such a concession displays the very consideration for the will of Europo which the Powers had a right to expect, and which they wero united in demanding. Turkoy has thus, to some extent, put herself once moro right with Europo, and it becomes possiblo to consider the remaining questions on their own merits." But there are loss English-more party-views of the question. The Liverpool Daily Post thus writes :-" The Dulcigno concession appears to have convinced everybody that there was some- thing, aftor all, in Mr. Gladstone's policy ; and tho quietness with which the Phkmikr has gone down to Hawarden will produce not onlya general sense of response and satisfaction, but an ex- pectation that the plans of the British Ministry will be carried out to the end;" and of course the Daily Telegraph was jubilant. It said : " The cession of Dulcigno shows what is the only way of dealing effectually with Turkey. It was not the naval demonstration before that town, nor even the possibility of a bombard- ment of it, which brought the Sultan to reason. What influenced him was the threat and the intention of striking a blow at a vital portion of his empire by the blockado of Smyrna, and tho embargo to be imposed upon its revenues. In this there lies a lesson for the future as to the proper mode of dealing, when the time comes, with the remaining and greater questions which arise out of the unfulfilled portions of the Berlin Treaty, and the disregarded represen tatioas of the Berlin Ooafexenee." The threat deemed by the News so powerful had, after all no influence with Turkey. England was pre- mature with its deductions. It was only the other day, bb we learn by telegram, that Deevisoh Pasha took forcible possession of Dulcigno. And nowin December withtheMontenegrins in possession, as we suppose they are, of tho much coveted Dulcigno, England appears to find itself no nearer relief from tho consequences of its blunder than it was in October. The Pall Mall Gazette, as is often tho caso vtith proselytes, would appear to have reckoned without its host. "It may not be generally kno»-n" says that paper, " how much Turkish obstinacy has done to simplify the course of European action, not in the Dulcigno affair only, but in the more general question of the settlement of North Albania. Vice-Admiral Seymour, to begin with, owes a real debt of gratitude to Bis Majesty tho Sultan. The insolence of the Porte, hy divert- ing the combined fleet from Dulcigno to the -lEgean waters, has rescued Europe from the high probability of what might have boen with some truth described as a humiliating fiasco." The reasoning of our contemporary is not very clear, and how the renvoyai of tftp fleet fron} one pjaeo t,o another saved a humiliating fiasco may bo questioned seeing that while a combined fleet was gathered together, the Gazette sayB, " the presence of a couple of gunboats would have a,mply sutttced to have seoured t/he peaceable aurrondor of Dul- cigno to the Montenegrins." But will the fiasco not be repeated 1 England again implores the countenance of the combined fleets to, secure the carrying out the further terms of the Berlin Treaty, and tho Daily Africa tells us that this may have to be attempted by the blockade of Smyrna, and an embargo to be imposed on the revenues of Turkey. Wjjaji arp these unfulfilled term» whioh an inspired newspaper tells us may be imposed by piratically seizing the Customs of the Sri/TAN's ports, by blockading Constanti- nople, op by any of the other vio]ent mesures by winch,, rather thftP- bñ Iwmjljatpfl, the Glad- stone Ministry would enforce jts demands? The speaker frpm whom wp Jiavo already quoted, speaking or the occasion reforrod to said :- , The Treaty of Berlin did in one sense secure the concert of Europe, because it was signed by all Europe. There were things in it to which objection might bp taken, but 't was the result of a congress of the Powers, and it sepHrpd >rä °hjept-it prevented further war and attacks on the Turkish Power, and averted a crisis in the East which must have issued in a universal conflagration in Europe, lu that sense it was a very Bucoessful treaty. Portions of it were carried out at once, and in other portions difficulties occurred and they aro delayed. Immediately on assuming office Mr. Gladstone said he meant to carry it out in its entirety j but h,ow has foe dqnB it ? There were several clauses In the treaty. There was one clause for handing over certain territory to Russia. That was carried out at once-the Russians carried it out by se¡7ing the territory. They did their part well -there was no difficulty about that. Then there was another parji about givjtijj certain positions to the Turks for the purpose of defepdjng their territory. That was not carried out, and when we are told that the Government intend to carry out the Treaty of Ber(in. they never say anything about these clauses-they do not speak about oarrying out the alauses that are favourable to the Turks, They piton on two clauses-ono about the Prince of tho Montenegrins, who is a hireling of Russia, and receives a certain amount of money to be at the dis- posal of Russia ; and the other about Greece, for which M>t Qtodstoijo I|a0 a greí' veneration, princi- pally, ïsuppçjsp, bepauso l)e is a great cjassical scholar ; but they never said anything about the clauses favour- able to Turkey-they do not mean to insist on them. So that they are not oarrying out the Treaty of Berlin-they are carrying out certain elegant extracts out of the Treaty of Berlin, and they are doing that without in the least facilitating the task of the TuikJBh Government by insisting on the parts which are favourable to Turkey, and which would have had the effect of making Turkey more willing to yield to the remonstrances of the European Powers than they have shown themselves tq be. Tho Gladstone Govern- ment were BÚnpIy insisting an a few things which were for the Interest of Russia on the one hand, and their Own Greek sympathies on the other, but not for tho interests of Europe, and still less for the interests of this oountry, because you must remember that in the whole of their language tho one thing they repu- diate is any idea of supporting British interests. As in the past, so in the futuro, an imposing parade of overwhelming strength, without pre- cedent or parallel, instead of awing, may lead the Sultan to think that he can again treat tho European Poweis with something like contempt. But tho important queaüoii, on reading the telegram wo publish this morning, occurs ; Will tho Powers consent to follow Mr. Gladstone to whatever lengths, and in whatever direction he and Russia may be ploased to lead ? They who preside over tho destinies of Europe aro not in the habit of giving way in public affairs to tho impulses of mero irritation, and wo know that tho stakes they have to play aro too serious to allow thom to bo guided by impulse. So far, .the affront of Turkey's refusal to bo awed by the united demonstration must be as humiliating to the other Powers as to England. That may bo soine satisfaction to England. But is it not likely to be a source of irritation to those who have been led into such a position by England? Only Russia can success- fully fish in the troubled wators that are likely to follow, for the Prince of Montenegro is a Russian pensioner, and Bulgaria and Eastern Roumelia aro virtually controlled by Russian military officers. A Russian force is roported to bo at work in tho Balkan Passes under protext' of raising monumonts to the Russians who fell there, but, as is siupocted, fortifying against Turkey the passes fwhich "under tho Treaty of Berlin, Turkoy was authorised to fortify for her, own defence. Intebcolonial Mails.-The mails per s.S. Man- gana will, on arrival in Launceston this day (Satur- day), be forwarded on here by the express train, and a window delivery of the lotters will take place at the General Post Office at or about 9'30 o'olook this evening. Defying the Authorities.-A few days ago a man was observed outting the turf on the ground between Franklin Square and Risby's mills, so favourable a resort for nurses and children, tho latter of whom may be of ten seen tumbling about on the grass. Information was at once conveyed to the Mayor, and the Superintendent of Police went to the spot, and learned that the man was acting on his own authority. Ho had been asked to procure a quantity of turf, and the children's playground seemed to offer him what he wanted. The man promised to replace the turf and water it, and on these terms his offence was oondoned. Within one hour a load of the turf was carted away, and the municipal labourers had to re-lay the rest, probably to prevont its removal also, Neither they nor the man applied any water, and the offender has been aB little molested by the police as if he had never done anything wrong, or had made the promised amends ; and thus reBpect for the law is inculcated. Education Examinations.-The preliminary examination for the A.A. Degree took place in tho Freemasons' Hall yesterday, and was conducted by Dr. Bromby. The number of candidates who carno up was 21, there being 14 males and 7 females. Two of the males who entered did not put in an appearance. The result will be declared at 9 o'clock this morning, and the candidates who pass will at onoe begin the papers for the general examination. The examination of local candidates for matricu- lation at the Melbourne University bogan on Wednesday, and will be finished to-day. There are seven candidates. The examina- tion for the Tasmanian Scholarships begins in the Freemasons' Hall on Monday next, at 9 a.m. There are six candidates. The following is a list of subjects and roster of attendance of members of the Council ¡-Monday-Morning, Mathematics, Son. W. R. Giblin and Mr. Jas. Grant ; afternoon, Classics, Hon, F. M. Innes and Mr. Stephens. Tuesday-Morning, Classics, Mr. Tarleton and Hon. J. Whyte ; afternoon, mathe- matics, Dr. Agnew and Mr. R. Young. Wednes- day- Morning, Mathematics, Dr. Butler and hev. G. Clarke ; afternoon, Classics, Hon. T. D. Chap- man and Ven, Archdeacon Davenport. Thursday Morning, Mathematics, Mr. Justice Dobson and Rev. W. J. Dunne ; afternoon, Classics, Hon. W. R Giblin and Mr. Jas. Grant. Friday-Morning, History'of'Greece, Mr. Stephens and Hon. J. Whyte; afternoon, English, Dr. Agnew and Mr. Tarleton. Saturday-Morning, Frenoh and History of Rome, Rev. G. Clarke and Mr. R. Young j after- noon, Modero History, Dr, Agnew and Mr. Jas. Municipal ECeotions.-The gentlemen hoini. nated at Deloraine woru William Bramiob, William Bonnily," John Field, John M. .MaonVeoe, and Danis Rook. At Glamorgan, there wore three ordinary vacancies, caused ijy the retirement of E. O. Cotton, A. J. Amos, and Wm. "Lyne ; but only two wore nominated, namely, Lyne and Cotton. Our correspondent telegraphs that, notwithstand- ing this fact, Mr. Alfred Amos is a councillor. At Evandale, the only personB nominated were the retiring members-John Bryan, R. H. Douglas; and li. Viney. The "Ghost."-Elsewhere we published an account of the proceedings connected with the arrest of a man named Nevin, on a charge of helping in the representation of the "ghost." The "ghost" has always been spoken of as a great coward. Perhaps he will now show that he is not so bad as he has been representcd by taking upon himself the respon- ability of saving his colleague and his wife and family from being turned out of their living. City Police Cotmr -The Police Magistrate and General Irvine wore tho presiding justices at the City Polioo O/iurt yesterday morning. Two drunkards, and Joiepli Worbey, a peaee distuibar, were c-aoh fined 5s., or in default of payment seven dajs' imprisonment. Pedder v. Vimpany, was a ohaige against a boy of stealing cherries from Mr. Servioo's garden. It appeared that tho lad wbs too ill to attend the Court, and the case waa adjourned accordingly until Tuesday next. Henry Hatfield, another boy, for abaenco without leave from, the service of bia master, John Lonsdale, of Argyle street, was|fined fis. and costs, or in default of pay- ment seven days in gap), Rosannah Rourke, for a violent assault upon ' another woman named Graoo Harbuokle, was fined 20s. and coats, which sum was at once paid. William Wakefield pleaded not guilty to a charge of robbing his master, Mr. W. J. Lloyd, of Bathqreii&irect;, of two castors. The defeupu set up, namely, that the castors in question were purchased from Mr. Marah, was distinctly denied by that gentleman, who said they never kept that class of goods, while Mr- ïj'oyd as clearly identified there. as, being p^ijt of a special consign- ment bij got from Melbourne, and some of which he found to ne missing, Mr, OrÍBp, who had been retained for the defence, withdrew during the pro. greis of the ease, after behaving in a very excited manner, and receiving several rebukes from the Bench on account of his rude behaviour to thein and to ' a witness. Wakefield was found guilty, and sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment ; the Cólica Magistrate telling him that had. he oonfosscd 1,1a puilt when asked to do go h¿ would not have stood ja tl\a.l> position, ' S.iLB OF Stock,--Wo have been requested to correct some errors in our telegraphio report of the salo of stock by Messrs Hartnoll and Ferguson, pub. lished in yesterday's Mercury. The oorroot pr'pea Were as follows i-4QQ shares N<»Y Obum Gold Mining Company, 60 at £6 10s., SSO at £6 5s.; 389 do. East Chum do. do,, at 10s.) 160 do. Viotoria, at 20s.; 300 do. Blue Tier do. do., at 3s. 9d. (bought in) ; 230 do. Gladstone do. do., at la. 9d. ; 203 do. East Chum Extended do, do., bought in at Is.; a 21st interest in the Deep Lead Company, Back Creek, £40; 20 shares North Bischoff Valley, | bought in ; 100 do. Olive Branch Gold Mining Company, bought in at 9s. ; Royal Tasman do., 2C\ at 35b., 10 at 33s.; 1 share Mount Bisohofi* Com- pany, ¡Ç34, ; 30 do. West Phu,m Qold Mining Com- pany, b.pilß'ut in at £8 3s. Gd. limit 1 Doskford do., 100 at J2s. Od., 100 at 13s., 100 at 13s. Od.; 50 shares Florence Nightingale Company, 60s The Turkish Bath.-The frequenters of the bath and the public generally would do well to note the much-needed change which has been made in this popular establishment ; for some time post the want of experienced attendants has been muoh felt, and the company has therefore been fortunata in securing the services of Mr. and Mrs. Düster, from the Arcade Bath, Melbourne, who have not only large and varied experience, but are considered to be tho most attentive and best operators in the colonies. The bath is now undergoing a thorough cleansing, and will be opened on Monday morning at 9 o'clock. To render it available to those whoso engagements would proyent attendance at the usual hours the lessee is prepared to arrange for special times. The Turkish Bath is now so generally re- cognised as a necessary means of cleanliness and the mitigatorof the many ills, etc, that we need say nothing of it« groat value.' Those who have had no knowledge of its bouofits should try it without delay ; those who bave will confess that, under the present arrangements, it is to be enjoyed in greater perfection than they havo before ex- perienced. OoDFELLOWsiirr.-On Wednesday last the Tas- manian Star District, I O O.F., M.U., beld their annual meeting in tho Southern Star L^dgetrooin, Collins- street. There »as a large attendance of officers and members, with soveral dolegates from the country lodges, the principal business being the election of officers for the ensuing year, P.D.G.M., E, G. Jackson, waa eleoted P.G.M. ; P.G., J. R. Meech, P.D.G.M.; and P.C.8. Strutt (re-oleoted,) The sooiety consists of six lodges, con- taining GOG members, with funds amounting to £4,443 2«. IJd. The number of deaths bos been below the average during the year, for which £168 has been paid. The amount of sickness has been rather heavy, causing an expenditure of £530 8s. 6d. The sum paid for medical attendance and medicine is £$35 7s- 4d, Sevoaty.six members have boon admitted during the yoar, and forty.two have left, either by clearance for other colonies or allow- ing their contributions to exceed tho limited time. The payments are la, per week, for which medical attendance and medicine is provided, and an allowanoo of £1 per week in oasa of sickness. Cricket.-This afternoon, the Wellington and Break o'Day clubs meet on the Association ground, play to commence at 2 o'clock sharp. The Rich- mond and New Town clubs will play at New Town Park to-day, wickets to be pitched at 10 30 a.m. The following are tho local team :-Canon Mason, Col. Lugard, Lieut. Mason, Brent, Chapman, W, Pierce, R. Pierco, Fisher, Cook, Hughes, Hart. Sunday Services. - At the Congregational Church, Davey,street, the subject of the Rev. G. Clarke's lecture in tho evening will be " The Death of the Testator." At St. George's, Battery Point, the offertory in the morning will bo on behalf of the Clergy Widows and OrphanB Fund. At St. Andrew's Church, the Rev. James Scott will preach morning and evening. At the Mariners' Church, the Rev. R. Miller is oxpectod to conduct service at 3 p.m. _ Both batteries and the band of the Artillery are to parade on Monday night. ' -The annual meeting of the Working Men's Club is to ho held on Wednesday evening nc\t, at the club room, Liverpool-street. The Hon. W. R. Giblin will preside. The Derwent Dramatic Club will (rive a performance at the Theatre Royal, on Tuesday, December 14,. |n compliance with a requisition from citizens, the Mayor has convened a public meeting, to be held at the Town Hall, on Wednesday evening next, to make arrangements for holding tho annual regatta. Entries for the Old Scholars' race, at the High School Athletic Sports, must be made on or before the 8th inst. A general meeting of members of the Chamber of Commeroo ¡b to be held on Monday, the 19th inst,, at 3 p.m., for the purpose of nominating a gentleman to be appointed by His Excellency as a ^Vardon of the Marine Board, *' On Dea« ! On DEAn ! 1 What Shall I Do ! ! ! " Bo dyo overything with J Hilson'» Dies. Re-gild your pioture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Ho-black your fendors, stoves, otc, with Judson's Artists' BlKck. Sold by ChsmUtts, Stationers, and Storekeepers everywhere. 