THE LATE MR. MATTHEW DAWSON. The death was announced yesterday, by tele graph, of Mr. Matthew Dawson, the well-known trainer. The following aketch of Mr. Dawson from the columns of the World will be read with interest:— The scene is at Newmarket, celebrated for sausages and horse-racing. A quarter of a century ago the great representative trainer of racehorses dwelt war from the historio Heath. While John Pcott abode at Malton the thoughts of owners, backers, and bookmakers, and the spyglasses of innumerable touts were directed towards Langton Wold. White wall was a show place of which Yorkshiremen — horsiest of mortals—were justly proud. The I>ger was almcst farmed by the Great Northern stab'e, which counted amongst its supporters the late Lord Derby, Mr. Bowes, and the present Lord Falmonth, at that time he rejoiced in the nom de courses of Mr. E. T. Valentine. All this is changed. The glory of the turf has faded from Langton Wold and settled upon Newmarket. In the year when Bed Eagle won the Cambridge shire there were not 200 horses at Newmarket. Now there are few short of 1,000. By degrees trainers have barked back to the ancient metropolis of the turf, where light-hearted Tom D'Urfey sang his song before the Merry Monarch. From the Berkshire Downs came hither a few years ago Mr. Matthew—called by his friends and admirers 'Mat—Dawson, on whom the mantle of John Scott may fairly be said to have fallen. A thick-set active man of some five-and-fifty summers greets us heartily as we step into his sanctum at Heath House. His rosy features — of that' particular tint | which can only be acquired by the constant contemplation of horse-flesh—are surrounded by a fringe of whiskers; his still abundant locks are but slightly touched with grey. There is, saving the peculiar and other wise indescribable hue already referred to, nothing of a sporting character in the appear ance of Matthew Dawson. His make-up is of the severe—almost clerical—order, and his demeanour and conversation are singularly free from any trace of the stable. He is one of the most genial of Scots, but a strenuous worker withal, equal not only to the task of training an immense stud of horses, but of entering them judiciously for forthcoming events, no light task, be it remembered; for if a brilliant young I one be not engaged deeply enough he may be j almost valueless, whereas if one who fails to fulfil his yearling promise be heavily engaged his perpetual forfeits wear his hapless owner to the bone. The thankleBS task of selecting the distances and particular courses over which a horse is suited by his con formation to run well occupies much anxious thought, and the contemplation of a string of those things of beauty—yearling thoroughbreds — is anything but a joy for ever to the man whose reputation is staked on their career. If there is nothing indicative of the stable mind in the appearance and mauner of the master of Heath House, there are plenty of signs of it in his surroundings. A book case reveals a regiment of Racing Calendars and other volumes proper to the "sport of kings," but is not entirely occupied by them, for Matthew Dawson, true to his nationality, does not confine his reading to a professional groove. The walls of the pleasant room, looking on to a lawn as Bmooth as a billiard-table, are hung with portraits of equine celebrities—high mettled racers of stainless pedigree, whose glory is enshrined for ever in the studbook. First of these in antiquity, as in renown, is Eclipse. The picture is by Stubbs, and agrees in general features with the portrait by Sar torius, in which poor Fred. Verrall, that prince of handicappers, took so much pride. There is the famous wfiite-footed, white-faced chesnut, foaled in a year of eclipse, and destined to distance whole fields of bo.'ees and win a for tune for his owner, the notorious O'Kelly, who, risen from the rank of a chairman, lived to wax wroth because he was not admitted into the sacred circle of the Jockey Club. The son of Marske is not a pretty horse to the eye, but there is a game, resolute look about his rather coarse head, liues of vigour in his remarkable forehead, and unmistakable propelling power in his ragged hips. In Mr. Dawson's picture the 1 horse is saddled almost on the withers, and the jockey in the scarlet-and- black cap, since adopted by Mr. Cartwright, is hurrying to mount with a gay and confident look, widely differing from the serious, not to say sullen, glance now in fashion. Over the fireplace hangs a hardly less celebrated animal—Alice Haw thorn, tbe dam of Thormanby, winner of the Derby, and one of the household gods of the Dawsons. Of the famous chesnut Thormanby —the honc6t son of Windbound—tnere are memorials in plenty. On one side hangs his portrait in oils; on tire other stands a statuette of him in silver; and a magnificent whisk is made out of the tail—curiously flecked with the whalebone white hairs—which he showed to the Wizard as they shot past the post for the Derby. Never was a more exciting race than that run on the day that Albert Smith died. Three borsea were backed for enormous sums, and it was difficult to say which was favourite for money at the finish. The American horse Umpire had many followers; all York shire plunged on the Wizard, and the partisans of the yellow jacket—the original Westminster colours, temporarily borne by Mr. Merry staked heavily on Thormanby. The Wizard was trained by old John Scott, named after him, and had besides the prestige which always attaches to the winner of the Two Thousand Guineas, while Thormanby had only his two year-old reputation and the opinion of Matthew Dawson to support him. It is true that out of thirteen two-year-old races he had won nine, but tbree-y ear-old form is more taking to the general public Thormanby's trainer had good cause for his confidence. Oape Flyaway, from White wall, and Northern Ligbt, from Bussley, had run a severe race, finishing so close together that their form might almost be considered identical. It was' known and publicly stated that the Wizard was a stone better than Oape Flyaway; but. it was only after a regular trial with jockeys up at. Bussley that Matthew Dawson knew biB horse was twenty-one pounds better than Northern Light. Mr. Merry then backed his representative fox- a great stake at short odds, and is said to have won nearly £100,000. But it was a nearer thing than the decision of the Judge indicated, for only forty eight houis after the race Thormanby suffered from an attack of strangles, from which he never thoroughly recovered during the season. He made a poor fight for the famous Leger in which St. Albans romped home; but a grand show in the Ascot Oup next year. Above the picture of Alice Hawthorn is Kingcraft, a Derby winner, with his owner, Lord Falmouth, standing by his siat; a gift from His Lordship to his trainer. Kingcraft, who daring nis career on the turf was the best abused horse of his time, was hardly as good as he was band some, although be did win the Derby from a poor field of horses. Next comes a capital por trait of Tom Aldcroft, in the French grey jacket and red cap of Admiral Harcourt, mounted on Ellington, a horse trained by Tom Dawson at Middleham, and the winner of one of the most sensational Derbies on record. To this day may be found serious men who assert that several pounds, of merenry, concealed in a whip weighed in and out with, but not carried in the race, made the great event a certainty, and hint darkly that Caractacus owed his success to a device ..of a somewhat similar kind ; but these stories, like that of the man who saw tho clock over tbe Wellington Club with the W covered by the hands, and accepted the tip, belong rather to the romance than the reality of the racecourse. Discoursing pleasantly of turf history and turf legend, tbe trainer of Thormanby and Kingcraft, Dundee and Buckstoae, Spinaway, Oemballo, and Lioness points with his sold double ejeglass to a magnificent portrait of Old Fishermen after his retirement from racing, and 1o another of Wild Dxjrell, one of the greatest horses cf modern days. Between these is the gallfnt black—almost blue black—Saunterer, sometime the property of Jock o' Fairfield, from whom he passed to Mr. Merry, who won with him the historical Good wood Cap, followed by the sndden death of a popular nobleman under circumstances which caused much painful remark. It wss during his connection with Matthew Dawson that Mr. Merry achieved those victories which made the boy in yellow the gnardiBn angel of backers and the despair of the ring. Born of true racing stock— a son of old George Dawson, who trained at Gullane, in Haddingtonshire— young Matthew had already made his mark. Whilst the elder of the four brothers now train ing, Tom Dawson, of Thorngill, Middleham, was winning the Leger with Bine Bonnet, Matthew was training the home stud at Eglinton, whence he returned to Gullane to train Era, the winner of the Northumberland Plate and the Liverpool Cup. He nest trained for Lord John Scott, a famous ail-round sportsman of the best and highest type, winning the Oaks with Catharine Hayes, the Metropolitan with Oannobie, many races with the Reiver, and the two-year- old engagements of the famous Hobbie Noble, who, with some other good horses—notably Stock well, the prince of sires—was incomprehensibly beaten in the Derby of 1852 by the pony Daniel O'Rourke. It was a lucky stroke of business for Lord John Scott to get six thousand five hundred guineas for Hobbie Noble after the July Meeting of 1851, and Mr. Merry, who bought him, acquired the honour of having paid more for a two-year-old than had ever been paid in the history of the turf. Mr. Dawson sets particular store by a relic of this period of bis career—an inkstand in the form of a duck, life size, in oxidized silver, presented to him by Lord John Scott on winning the Black Duck Stakes at the} York Summer Meeting of 1851 with Rambling Eatie. This costly produce stake owes its name to the White Swan Hotel at York, where it was instituted by Lord Glasgow, Lord John Scott, and a few other gentlemen, who did not think 1,000 sovereigns—300 for feit- too heavy a stake to venture on animals yet unborn. The Heath House establishment was originally built, we believe, by Lord Stamford for Joseph Dsweod, bnt ultimately came iuto the hands of bis brother. Having been made on purpose, it is everything that a great training establish ment should be. Looking over the nice patch of training-ground, called for some incomprehen sible reason the " Severals," towards the abode of Judge Olark at Fairstead, Heath House is handy to the Bury Hill. At the rear of the tree embowered dwelling is a quadrangle of stables, all well appointed, spick and apau, and silent as the grave. There is a hardly percep tible bnstle as the horses return from exercise, but silence is the order of the day. The loDg strings of terribly high-bred cattle glide out of the stable on to the Severals and Bnry Hill noiselessly as sheeted ghosts. Pace and direc tion are indicated by a wave of the hat or a movement of the hand. All fall into position in mechanical regularity. Even the ytarlings seem impressed with a sense of coming dignity, and move gravely, as if they knew how much money they are destined to carry. At after noon time the horses ef name and fame, the ejeosure of touts, the hope of backers, the dread of the ring, are quietly bestowed in the stable, their work having been done at an early hour soon after sunrise, in fact, but cot tooj early for the J keen eyes, which can recognise any animal trained at Newmarket through the thickest of clothing, and make a shrewd guess at his condition besides. Touting must be a profitable pursuit if, as we are told, the head of the profession at Newmarket makes £1,000 a year. The trainers at bead-quarters appear to entertain far less horror of the indigenous tout than of the army of horee - watchers whe invade the town just before a great race. These outsiders are_ a sore trial and a vexation, from their rough manners and objectionable intrusive nese. Almost as exasperating are the persons who, without the slightest claim to the confi dence of a trainer, pelt him with letters, of which the following, received just before the race for the Middle Park Plate, is a fair sample:— " From of to Mr. M. Dawson, Newmarket. Dear Sir—You will excuse me taking the liberty of writing to you. I should feel exceedingly obliged if yon would let me know if you are going to win with Lord Falmouth's filly. I am, Sir, yours truly ." From the period of his pleasant connection with Lord John Scott until now, Matthew Dawson has ever eschewed fanciful theories and hard-and-fast rules of training. It was said of the two famous trainers of his early years— John Scott and old John Day—that the former always leant towards flesh, preferring to ran his horses a little above themselves, while John Day would insist on galloping them till the last onnce of superfluous fat was removed. Matthew Dawson may be designated an eclectic trainer, fully recog nising the value of each of the older systems in particular cases, but viewing every horse under, his care as a patient requiring special treatment according to his individual constitution. It is unnecessary to tell any lover of animals that every dog and every horse has his peculiarities of constitution and temper. Old Thunder, for instance, " all game and bottom" in the actual race, was one of the most nervous animals at exercise. When walking with the rest of the string he would fret himself into so profuse a lather that it was found impossible to keep any flesh on his hones. Removed from companionship he dis played no trace of irritation, but took to his work as kindly as to his corn &s; we saunter through the stables on a warm afternoon the cats (without which no racing establishment would be complete) sit blinking their eyes at the bud, lookiog as wise as only owls end cats can look, and the calm of the place becomes if possible more intense than ever. On Sunday, perhaps, a lower deep of stillness is reached. It is only broken in the evening, when Mrs. Dawson, who takes great pride in her regiment of tiny apprentices, reads evening service, and the boys lift np their voircB and sing with a vigour aud accuracy which speak well for the skill of their teacher and the soundness of their Inngs. 