QUITE TRUE. A NOVEL, BY DOBA BtTSSELL. Author of " Beneath tht Wave," " Footprints in the Snow,u The Vicar's Governess," $c., $c. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All Eights Reserved.] Chapter VI.—Hester. Both Eosie and myself looked at Hester -with the utmost astonishment when we heard these words. " Upon my word Hester!" said Roaie, shrugging her shoulders. Then with a great effort Hester tried to compose herself. She hit her lips, and trembled violently, and then she said falter ingly— "I—I—should not have said that—but -but you do not understand." No, I do not," said Rosie. "Pray, Hester,, has Edward been making love to you? He is quite capable of it—and I pity you— for take my word for it, he means to make love to Ethel Yerner now." This was a cruel speech of Rosie's. Hester's face was again dyed scarlet as she made it; but, with another effort, Hester, once more controlled herself. " We had best not talk of it," she said. "How is your mamma to-day, Miss Margaret?" I answered her, and the conversation changed, but its effects remained. No sooner was she gone than Rosie began about it. "What do you think of that ?" she said. "Thatlittle fool, Hester, must absolutely be in love with Edward!" " She was in earnest," I answered. " She was evidently completely upset." " Poor goose!" said Rose, with some con tempt. "Fancy her, with her ordinary face, fixing her heart upon a coarse man like Edward! He sees—he appreciates nothing but good looks in women. He is one of those wonderful lords of the creation whose souls are too narrow to believe we have any!" And Rosie laughed. " Yet he is clever, Rosie," I said, " or at least was clever." "At sneering," said Rosie. "Nothing is so easy as to scoff at everything. If a man has a smart way of saying disagree able things he is always considered clever." "I am sorry for Hester,''I said gravely, and I was truly sorry. I went over to her father's farm the next day to see her, but I found that she was not at home. Her mother, a homely, hardworking farmer's wife, came out of her dairy to speak to me, and led me into the fusty un used best parlor, and dusted me a chair with her apron, and ashed me to sit down. -"I'm glad to see you, Miss Marget," she said, " though you're only looking pinely surely. But you've had a vast of trouble up at the Hall, and it's a sad coming down having to leave it. I can't hut blame the squire myself. As I say to John—"John, be always ready, for we never know when the call comes, and I've seen to John's will myself." "John" was Mrs. Wray's husband, Hester's father, and was a very respectable, decent kind of man. " It was very sad," I said. "More than sad," answered Mrs. Wray. " "We can get over sadness, hut we cannot get over lack of wealth! No, I blame the squire." At this moment "John" passed the window-—a man bluff and burly—and his wife called him into the parlor as he entered the house. "Come here, John," she said, "here's Miss Marget. As I'm telling her, she looks but ill, but then who can wonder? When you go, John, you won't be like the poor squire! You've made your will, mid I know where it's safe locked away." "John" grinned, and moved his feet uneasily, and then grinned again. " Thou may gan' first," he said. Mrs. Wray looked surprised. John seldom asserted himself, and she evidently did not like him to do so. " If I do," she said, " Hester knows where my savin's are laid away, and the silver teapot which my father left me, for none came from your side, John, but the six silver teaspoons. But," she added, stall thinking somewhat indignantly, on John's idea that she might" go" first," it's ill-talking to hear you speak of me going first, for a poor helpless body you would be; without me, though, perhaps, I shouldn't say it myself.. Stilly for your own sake, John, I hone it will please the Lord to call you first/ John, however, yet loeked'dubious upon the point,'for he shuffled his big feet again, and rubbed Ins rosy forehead with one of his hard brown hands. Then an ; idea occurred to him., "Ask about the lile lass," he said, look ing anxiously at his wife. "To be sure," she answered. "Miss Marget, what's come .over our Hester? I She's not the same lass , she was, and her father's sore put out about her*Ever since the squire's death she's been not like the same thing, for she was that fond of him she pined for him as if she'd been bis own .child. But last night she came home like " one distraught. I heard her-wailing and weeping all the long night through, and when 1. taxed her with it she would give no reason. Then I said to [J ohn, ' John, 111 ask Miss Marget/ and I was just jgoing to ask you when John had the forwardness to plat in his word." John made no remonstrance at this. Tins big stout man was in great awe of his " missus," as he called her, and she was truly .his."missus.'''.' But she was good to •him, though she kept him in order. ; " Men," she at once confided in me, " re quired tight hand over them, Misa Marget," and she kept a tight hand over her John. ±5ut for all that John was a happy man, and throve, and Baved money with the help' of his thrifty wife* Her butter was the pride of the countryside, and to go into her sweet smelling dairy was a treat. Hester (in old days) often brought us up cream and pats of delicious butter of "mother's making" to the Hall,"and.these gifts were greatly appreciated by us there. "And—and Hester was ill last night ?" 1 said, and I thought of the scene at the cottage, and what Bosie had told her there. " And this mom too, Miss Marget!" answered Mrs. Wray. " She's scarce broke her fast this day, and she looks no better than a ghost, does she, John ?" "No better," said John, with a dolorous shake of his head. " John noticed how bad she looked a few days back," continued Mrs. Wry, "and he's not bright or notice-taken in general, poor man! But you see even he saw it. Didn't you, John?" " Yes," said John, with another gloomy shake of his head. " What can it be about, Miss Marget ?" asked Mis. Wray anxiously. " She's every thing here, dear lass, she wants, and her father's savins', and the silver teaspoons, and the teapot, all left to her 1 John did say—but men folks are so daft—still, John did say, 'Could it be about some young man?"' '• I said it," responded John, nodding Ids head at his own sagacity, " I—I—do not know," I faltered. How could I tell the anxious mother what I really thought? Yet I blamed myself afterwards for not doing so. Her child was very dear to this good woman, and a mother's word and counsel might have been of. use. . As it was I said nothing. I saw John's round honest' eyes looking in my face with ah expression of dissatisfaction. It was like the instinct of a dumb beast. He could not have told, why he did not believe that I knew nothing, and yet he felt it was so. Hisnarrow mind understood what his tongue'could not express. The shades of the autumn evening were gathering round me when .1 left the farm,' hut still Hester had not returned. "Most likely she's waiting for you in the village," suggested Mrs. Wray, and thinking that this idea was not an im probable one, I started on my return home. It was now late in the .autumn. The sere October leaves came floating to my feet as I went on, and the cornfields were hare, and the stackyards full. A beautiful season to my mind, and filled with a strange and solemn sense/of rest.. The heat and burden of the year is over, and-the clear bright days of autumn ever remind me of the dose of a welhspent busy life. The fruits of . the time of toil are safely, stored, and the weary brain or limbs may now take rest. ' . i:-, l With some such thoughts as these float ing in my mind I walked on through the barren fields, I had to pass within sight of our old home, and I stood-for a few minutes and looked regretfully, and foqdly at the house where I had been born, and where I had lately suffered such bitter grief. ' As I stood, suddenly the stillness of the evening was broken by a woman's sobs. Then 1 heard footsteps at the other side of the high hedge, which bordered the narrow footpath of the field that I was in. I listened, and harsh and distinct my brother Edward's voice fell the next moment on my. ears. "Don't be a fool, Hester," he said. " What on earth is the good of you going on in this mad way !" " You may well call me mad!" replied Hester's voice in impassioned accents. " You who have ruined me, body and soul!" I beard no more. I put my hands over my ears and fled away. But I had heard enough, and panting and trembling I reached our cottage in the village, my heart filled with great anger against Edward. Later in the evening he walked into our parlor. " I want you girls," he said, " to come up and do the honors at the Hall to- morrow. MissVerner wants to see over the old place, and I can't stand the female Chap man, so will you come Peggy to do the proper ?" I looked at his face as He said this. Not an hour ago I had heard Hester's wild words and her broken-hearted sobs. And as I looked at Edward I was thinking of this, and I made no answer to his request for me to act as chaperone to Miss Yerner at the Hall. "Well, will you come?" he said. " Why don't you answer P" «Why do you ask Miss Verner to go, Edward," I said. "Why?" he answered, lifting his eye brows in assumed surprise, " ril tell you why, Miss Peggy, because she's the hand somest girl. I ever saw! It's worth the expense of a swell lunch isn't it to look at her perfect face ? What eyes she has! If a man were to make a fool of himself for a girl like that " At this moment Rosie entered the room, and Edward suddenly paused. "May I ask," said Rosie, in the sharp sarcastic way which she sometimes assumed, " what rapturous description of female charms I have interrupted P" " Edward was raving about Miss Verner," I said, for I still felt very angry with him. " Oh! Rosie is naturally jealous of Miss Verner P" said: Edward, shrugging his shoulders. "She was the prettiest girl about the place till Ethel Verner came, and it's expecting too much from weak female humanity, for her not to be spiteful." Rome bit her Hps, and made no answer for a moment. Then she said— "Have you seen Hester Wray lately, Edward ?" Edward's face instantly darkened at this question. "No, why do you ask! What the deuce have I to do with Hester Wray ?" he said. • Rosie laughed. " I've a reason for asking," she said, "a reason which at present I do not mean to confide in you. So you were raving about Ethel Verner, were you? I hope you are prepared for Her asking you your intentions without delay, for that is her intention, or I'm very much mistaken 1" " Don't be a fool I" said Edward very crosdy. Rosie now in her turn shrugged her pretty shoulders. "That is all the thanks I get, you seeP" she said," for my intense sisterly interest in your welfare, I warn yon that an in* bya^ule'—to use an lin^i^ng, boyish* gushing expression—because by a 'fluke' then,; you nave come ■ into the family property, and in return you call me a fool!" • Edward looked absolutely furious at this, . His too rosy complexion paled, and his eyes flashed danj^rpudy; " You; had better [not go too far,; Miss Rose," he said, . , -I. 'Mb truth • too far P" answered ; Rose, ; carelessly,ahd thpn she turned away, leaving i Edward actuaUy pale with rage, " That is a fine girl!" he said, as the door closed behind her. "I heartily pity the Jioor fellow who is led away by her good ooke." " Yet you apparently are led away by ' Miss Yerner's,"I retorted. Edward was silent. Then, > after think ing a few moments, be said— J'.-' "I do admire 4her, Peggy—I never ad- . mired any woman so much before—but it's . no use." , ^ " Youmeanyoucannotmarryher ?" I said quicHy. " I mean I am not going to marry, her," answered Edward; " as-for, cannot, that's another thing." - 