THE BOARDING OUT SVril'EM JN SOUTH ^USTUALIA. From the seventh report, of the Adelaide Boiudmgout booitty, 1 itch jiitlilishcd we (Quteiiblaiidei,) li'iiin Mint the committee me sit. shed wit1.! thu u-siilts of the woiking of then system. The society appears to roach n forge propoi tion of die cl iss of clnliln n w ho Inu o to be fk.ilfc with us destitute Dining the pust join t'uv have dealt with 201 emus, ol whom ninety sin. have been adopted without biilisitly, twenty si.e lmve been bonded out at js a neck, ami *ciemy ciglic uuvo ueen licensed toi soi \ ice The numbei of visits of msjiuction ' his amounted to 536 The good lcpoits numhm 52G, toleiable 20, irmtisf ictoi v 16, lmpoiftictj When it.invnls fioin one fostu pment to anothei take ji'iil^ it is diilicult often to ascei turn u ho ib icdly to bliiinc, the cluldu a oi then eldeis In nine luillis of tlie cisos ?the cliildieu get tha blame, but the committee natiiiiillV'Cnoiigli e\|ness then doubts, as to the mevit.ibic justice of this conclusion ''Theie me \iiueties of tcnipei,' sny tlie committee, ''and chm.ictei on tl.o pint of both childien and gimidiaiis, and often .i cliange, which no one would think foi tlie bettei, lesults in peaceful and pleisunt lelations. ? Somo good people h.ue no patience with deceit, winch is the most pievalent fault,' while otheis know that is boin of lepiession and timidity, uid Lint in a longei oi shoi toi time it dies out undei just and kindh tientment, with'1 tho ^i idiuil giowth of the sentiment of honoi. Many fostet patents, and especially many em ploveis, tne of liming to^ tell the sume thing o\ei and ovei again, and aie nutited bj^ho huge amiunt of o\ei looking and dnection winch young am) nicxpfi lenci d lielpeis need, and thei a change is advisable, but, as u geneial nile, the committee ''have*' been sin pi latd-iit'-the kindness und^mtio too rliow n^io the childien ' Itiippeais that theie am now altogcthei 305 boys and guls undei tho su])ei vision of the rfaociety The State bears the maintenance Tlie&e; aio lnteiebtmg fuc's iu connection with oiu own system of bouidinq out and of adoption undei the piovision of the now Oi |ili.inagor Act which has l.itely come into opciation. ' 'We h'avo no doubt chat t^e system might be ptetty extensively applied Ileie, even in Hie piouncml towns, though it has been found in Victiii 1 1 that it is not do suable to Doud out destitute childien in the localises whoie they have lived oi wheio they connections. Mrs PAitTiMGroiY on Ghosts — ' Do you believe in ghosts, Mis Paitington ?' was asked of the old lady, somewhat timidly 'To' bo sine I do,' lenlied she, ' as much as I believe that bught fulminaiy theie will lise^inc the yeast to-nionow moiuing, if we live, and nothing happen* Two appiehensions have, saitinly appealed in oni family. Why, I s.uv my deal Paul, afoitnigh't befoie'he die'd1,, with' my own eyeb jast as plain.as I see you now, and it tinned out,attei waidb bo be a loso-bush, with a nightcap on it ; I shall always think to the day of my desolation, that it was a fbiciunnei 'sent, to me T'othei one came in the' night/', when svo weie asleep, and earned away .thiee candles and a pint of spn its that we kept in tho house foi embai kation Believe in ghosts, indeed , I guebb I do^ and he* must be a dieidful styptic as doesn't.'i The milking piopensity in borne bieeds of cows (icmaiks the Live Stod Journal) is extiaoidin.i'y Sonic f undies in a bleed, too. .un famous this wav. and single indi\i rlualb aie now and again veiy lemaikable The following is the milk iccoid of Luna, a veiv |iietty Jeisey cow belonging to Geoi go Simpson. Esq , of' Wiay Paik, Reigate . — Year lb 1870 ? 8085 1S77 ? '.. 9202 1878 ? S3b'8 This will be each year an aseiage of 8S52 lbs, piobably much mdlo''tli.ui5bwelve tunes the weight of the cow'. Or, in'othei wouls, she gave in thn ty-si\\- months',! if- a vei ago of inoiethan hei own 'weight pei month in milk Itis more than doubtful it any cows ot the lai jet bieods will equal1 this, while the gieat bulk of them will, niespc'tive of weight;, give httle''moio than one-hall to two thuds of tho total Our Ameiican fi lends produce Jeiseys which aie wondei ful nulkejs, can they sin pass Luna? The mail who hid the hist woid in disputing with a woman, has ad\eiti»id to wlustlo against a locomotno foi a wagui FumiLiNL '—Foil ruL Ti i iu vnb But mi —A fow diopsof tho liquid ' FIiiiiIihl' spimklul on u wiit tnoth binsh pidtlucLS ii pit is mt lithui, which tlii)iou»lih clLinsustlu teeth fi mil ill pu.is.itos oi i...pui,tid.s, hfti dens tliL 'inns, pie\onts tin tiu, stnps decay, uives to thu teeth u .poculinr puurly whitonoss,' and a delightful friigrancu to the bruiith It rumoves all' nnplunaant odour arising from decayed teeth nr tobucon 6iiiuke. ' Tlio Fragrant Florilino,' beiii}.' compused in part of Honey and sweut herbs, is delicious to tlio 'tnsto, and tho L'l-eutest toilet discovery of the ugo. Price 2s (id, of all OlmmistsiiMfl Pevfrnnors. Propurod by U'liu-v 0. GalIjUI', 4U3 Oxford-slrout, London Baoph'KS — Some people think that, tho bagpipe is a Scotch inbtiument Some'are pi oud ol bhe bagpipe, otheis no afraid of it, but, whethei by its fuends or its foes, the bagpipes aio looked upon by us as something naiioiial. Now 1 am not at all sine that wo aie entitled to any such praise oi blame I behove it could be demon stinted — though oui liicuds on tho other side of the Tweed would be excessively 1 indignant — that the bagpipe is an English instalment, essentially English, that bho English weie bhe oiigiual bagpipers ;; and I find m coiifii ination of bins that Shake bpeaic, who was an authonty in music, lefeis to tho bagpipes constantly, bub ho does not introduce them into Macbeth. The. armies in Macbeth don't march on Dunsinane to the sound of the bagpide; and he sneaks of the drone of the Lincoln shne and t^e Yoikshne bagpipe. He; speaks of a person ' laughing like a parrot ata bagpiper,' butall without the .slightest Caledonian reference. And when we look at the works in the Register House, and show how our former monarchs .spent their income, weiitid their expenditure fur music put down in such entries as the following: ' To the English piper, 3s. Gd.' A.nd Scotchmen were nob pipers — they were Hell J.J13I .*-. J. uu ll.u i~-W«l:* tlJU Ulll k3(JUbull instrument, and 1 bl^cved continued to be the old Scotch instrument till within a very iccent pcnod — Luid Mononetfe A Georgia man changed his residence eight tunes in elcun months, and the last time his wife said she didn't even care lo go to heaven, for about the time she got fixed up and learned where tho water was, and eve.ytlnng, her husband would want to move. They say that profanity was not known in the world until one day, somewhere about 500 years before the Christian era, when Aristides, chasing fiom his office in desperate haste to catch the last street car, was stopped by 1'hemistocles, who wanted ti tell him how the iliiu mutism had been troubling him nearly all the winter, and how many things he had tried for it. A young and pretty girl stepped into a shop where a young man, who had long been enamoured but dared not speak, stood behind the counter selling flannels. In older to lem.im as long as possible, sho choiponed eveiytlnng, and ab lasb she said, ' I believe you think I am cheating you.' — ' Oh, no,' said the youngstei , ' to mo you aie always fair.' — ' Well,' Whispered the lady, laying an emphasis on tho last woid, ' L would not stay so long bargain ing if you weic not so dear. 