GALA DAY AT NORTH RICHMOND SATDKDAY last was a Gala Day at the pretty little village of Enfield, North Richmond. The occasion of the entertainment was to celebrate the retard of Mr. A. Bowman to Parliament, as Member for the Hawkesbury, and as Enfield and the Kurrajong had given him a large majority, the peo .le were jubi lant. The proceedings took the shape of a bullock roast and athletic sports. The day wes beautifully fine, and the 800 or 900 peo ple who assembled to honor the occasion thoroughly enjoyed themselves. A large tent was erected wherein were laid tables for luncheon, and thc bovine delicacy haviiig been " done to a torn " ; the cusine being performed by the same parties who under took a similar task at Richmond, the large joint was dished np, and was carved by the great Boschce, who .s a professor in the art of dissecting quadrupeds. Thc ladies waited at table, and if the old King of England who, in a flt of good humour, knighted the sirloin of beef placed before him, had been present, he would hare bestowed thc honor on the bullock served up to the Bowman i tes that day. The Richmond Band was present, and enlivened the proceedings ; Slr. \V. Lamrock, J.P., occupied thc head of the table, having tho cuest of the day, Mr. Bowman, on his right, and the leading mein hers of the Committee who had secured Mr. Bowman's return around him, and Dr. Jockel acted as croupier. After thc tables were cleared, thc Chair man gave the toasts of hor Majesty the Queen, the Prince of Wales and Royal family, and his Excellency the Governor, the whole of which were duly honoured, the band playing appropriate Innes. Mr. W. Walker thou proposed the toast of the doy,-" The health of oar member Mr. Alexander Bowman." He, in so doing, said that Mr. Bowman had well represented them forcée last threo years, and he believed that jic!' wofjld do better in the next. (Cheers). H**4ind done them so much good io that short ¡!tio)9|i-tbatr they had returned him triumphantly at .the head of the poll, and he (Mr. Walker),was < glad to hear that when his time was up be wopld flgaia solicit their suffrages. : Mr. Bowman' had largo local in terests, both by property and tho fact that he wat born in the electorate, and, of course, had all1' hip sympathies enlisted in their cause. > (Cheers.). "<... ...Band {?Good old English Gentleman." Mr. Bowman; in responding to the toast, said, he hurdly knew what he had done to merit such a reception as he had met with at their hands. He had only performed his dpties and done jpstice toi them fin th e.'past, abd,these demonstrations would (entitle him to the term of eraren if he did not see that justice was stretched to its fallest extent in their behalf in the time to come, (Applause.) He begged to aseare them that he would see that_justjce^wjas..done, Jo the Hawkesbury and the colony at large. (Cheers). Tris was a proud day .for hint, who, only three years ego came before them a stranger (politically.) He was then new to politics, and yet they retarned>hi<n ft tf» head of the poll. He had been told that there were spies watching him, he only said let them watch, and all they woald find is that he is working to enhance the interests of the ¡district. (Cheers). If he erred it would only be in judgment, his error would not be in his heart. He did not fear any future result, fer if he properly looked siter their interests he would expect to be supported according to his merits. He was glad to see that they ap preciated him in this part of the electorate, as it was this place which gave him a m jority on his first seeking eloction at their hands. He did hot go into Parliament to assist one part of the electorate and neglect the other; lie would work for all, and strive to benefit the whole. (Cheers ). He had no idea three years ago that Windsor and Rich mond would be joined tn the Hawkesbury ; but now he would show them that one mem ber could do as much as the three they for merly had. (Cheers.) He thanked them for the honor done him, and ,would try to merit it. Before sitting down he would pro pose a toast, and was sorry that there were not some of his friends outside thc district to help him do honor to it. He proposed, " The Electora of the Hawkesbury," and was glad oo to do-as be had found them true and honest friends. He could not ex pect them all to vole for him, but in the main they wore true. Of course there were a few renegades ; but yon cannot expect them all to be good, for you will find in a field of horses a few renegades who would not gallop a bit. (Laughter.) The Hawkes bury people, us a whole, aro the best set of people in Australia. They had always in the past been able to hold their own and serve the Queen, and he hoped they would always be able to do so. (Cheers.) (Mr. Bowman theu drank the toast, standing, all the com pany remaining seated, and he gave three hearty cheers for the Electors of the Hawksbury. Band : " Cornstalk Polka." Mr. David Cobcroft returned thanks fer the Electors of the Hawkesbury, lt had been said that this constituency was a tnoiiicd one, and could be bought like bullocks at Houiebiuh ; but ho was glad to be able to say that around Richmond, Enfield, Kurra jong, and down the river, the people could not be bought but honestly went to the poll and recorded their votes for who they thought was the best man. (Cheers.) He was glad to see that they had defeated the money power, and hoped next lime Mr. Bowman came before them that he would be returned by a vast majority. (Cheers.) Dr. Jockel proposed,-" The Ladies," and saiil it would have been a very tame adair if they had not been present, to cheer them by their presence and the light of their beaming smiles. He knew that the married ladies had been good friends to the cause at this elect ion, for they had used their witcheries to ensla> e their husbands to vote for the popu lar candidate, who, through their exertions, has been returned, and is this day their guest. (Cheers.) Band : " All good lassies." Mr. C. Jockel returned thanks for the ladies. He would do what bo could to honor the toast his brother had tried to propose. (Laughter.) If it had fallen to his lot to propose it, he would have done it in a grander style. Charley here finished badly, amidst some merriment. I Mr. Bow oían said he could not allow thc j ladies to go with auch a poor champion i aud would Bay a few words in their behalf If it were not for the ladies they might ai well be in the middle of the ocean, foi whether in sickness or health they were always to the fore. In trouble and pain they were their best comforters, and better than the doctors. In prosperity and health they were always rewarded with their smiles. Before sitting down he would propose a toast, which he hoped they would all driuk with bumpers. The toa^t was the health of Mr. John Williams, who had presented the fine bullock they had eaten that day, and the committee of management. (Cheers). Band : " Jolly Good Fellow." Mr. Futton responded, and in so doing said that Mr. Bowman had expressed him self ns being surprised at the way he had been treated ; but he could assure them that he ( Mr. Futton) had been in many districts during contested elections, and never witnessed so much disinterested support given to any candidate as given to Mr. Bow man-it quite surprised him. (Cheers). Dr. .Jockel said he had been called upon by the chairman to propose thc next toast, but before doing so he must call altentiou to thc way the press had conducted itself during this election; one portion, that presided over by Mr. George Davies, had been open, outspoken, aud impartial, whilst the other had been mendacious and influenced. He believed iii the glorious liberty of the Press, and would like to sec it free and uutramelled. It would be a bad day for England and the colonies if tho liberty of the Press was, curbed. He bad mach pleasure in propo^^J fit, George ; DajieB, l|S|^MW^Íi^H (Cheers). Band: "tyqtypriagWNffcT^y^H Mr. Davies in responding,..MUi4$c^^^B only done his duty to the constitoencv/a^^H thereby enabled,them ta choose* $*¡£***j^^M for their metaber. He had pointed CW^^H them, that they did not want big beJlietol^^H big brains. (Laughter). The man WDQJ^H sole qual fication was that of'a gourmand *jf^H dog trainer was not fit to represent itn^H portant district like the Hawkesbury. H^H had been one of the instiamantt (the<bj^H drum) to secure Mr. Bowman's 'KtarOrtt^H he was gratified thereat. (Cheers). W^^H regard to the press he could wñy say tB**^H was a popular, and the best educator for people, and during the, nine, years- ie b^H conducted that portion of the press under l^^f charge, be had endeavoured Jp msJcec^^H subservient to the interesta .of the distr^^H (Cheers). With regard to the other portl^^| of the press,, (the, Parramatta mend*cio^^| journal), nothing better could be. expecJ^^B from it. When a journal det.eeads to epajflfll as writers, stable- boys, grooms, and the *dBAl of a district, fellows who would;<not.be lowed to sweep out a decent newpaplH office, it lowers the dignity pf thegloriQuflJ institution known as the i J^ress. The peopleH alone are to blame for such a state of thiagsflV for if they refused to patronise any newsflj paper which despended ,to"«nclir dattarjUjH way Sj a healthy toqe_. would rB»On ,Í>»(g¡r*¿M to lying rags. He (Mr. Darjes), hM^Jbrnfll scandalized since he came to this district, bM being compelled to sit .and rab sleeves withM fellows who' reek of the stable or tctiwB house. ... - JS Mr. Walker Baid, had it not been fol Enfield, Karrajong, and the down, «ir«! people, Mr. Bowman would tot have been-il the proud position he was in that.day, the Messrs. Lamrock and other.-gi had contributed largely to this r result.. proposed their healths. (Cheers). Bandj " Old English Geiitleamn." Messrs. John and William Lamrock sponded, th» latter gentleman.remarking thal this has been a grand success-, and if thej ever came to have two members, he hopi go in on Mr. Bowman's shoulders. Hi had so much practice lately as choirmi of bullock roasts, that he thinks with one o! two more he will -foe able to take cbairma ship of committee's. (Laughter). Mr. D. Cobcroft proposed the health the Vice-chairman, who had been one of thei all through the campaign, and assisted in th] cause materially. (Cheers). Band : " Joli; Good Fellow." Dr. Jockel responded, and was pleased 6ee that his efforts have met with approbi tiou. He bad done QB much as - lbj professional calls upon his time had allowed him to do. (Cheers). At this stage Mr. J. Ashton, the co: ranger, was mounted upon the tnbU¿ Charles Roberts, and favoured th with a parody on the song of " of the Green," as follows : John Davies, dear, and did ; The song- that's going ron Relating to the Bullock Rot On the Recreation Grou Where Davy's dogs did get fij^ And Harry's hounds got lean All caused through those Bowmi Who would not wear the green. Up stepped James Tobias, And he took me by the hand ; Saying, " How are poor Mac's kennels, And how do they stand ?" Such u poor struck lot of mongrels Before was never seen All caused through those Bowmanites, Who would not wear the green. Then un order give to Tommy, The collins must be made ; And on the hill near Fairfield, Those curs shall be laid. For if we do it decently They cannot call us mean, Although we are but Bowmanites, Who would not wear the green. Then take those hairy dingoes, And lay them all to rest ; Our Alick s now elected, . v May we ever be so blest. And when three years are over, Their ghosts will then be seen, Hunting up those jolly Bowmanites, Who would not wear the green. The song was received with tumults of applause. After this had subsided t company adjourned to tho place set apart for TUE ATHLETIC SPORTS. of art First Race.-Novios HANDICAP of 150 yards. First prize, £1 10s; second, 10a. ./.* G. Hough, 12 yards ... ... "l ^ J. Wood, scratch ... ... ... 2 Second Race.-For youths under 15 years old-handicap. First prize, £1 ; second, 7s Cd. 100 yards. P. Powell, 4 yards. ... 1 J. Smith, 10 yards . 2 , Third Race.-ENFIELD HANDICAP of"l&tr; yards. First prize, £2 10s ; second, 10s. This race was run in divisions, Pearce be ing first, and Ii. Phipps second in the first division, and A. Johnston first, and G., Hough second in the second division. In , the run off they were placed as follows : A Johnson, 15 yards ... ... 1 B. Phipps, 5 yards ... ... 2 Fourth Race.-Youths un 1er 10 ; çhjpj tance, 75 yards. First prize, 15s ; secott^^aflj J. Mitchell, 4 yards ... ... M Wheeler, 12 yards ... ... >r flj Schoolboy's Race.-Special prize given by fl Mr. E. Pitt. fl L. Walts, 12 yards ... ... 1 fl H. Woods, 1 yard . 2 M Publicau's Purse.-A handicap ; distance^! 100 yards. First prize, £1 ; second, 7s^j^H There being 18 entries for this it was i flfl in divisions ; C. Roberts being first, and . "flJJ Ilyslop secoud in the first division, and G. S Hough (ir*t, and A. Johnson second in the flj secoud division. Thc run off resulted in fl favour of the " old un.'' J C. Roberts, 14 yards ... ... 1 fl G. Hough, 0 yards . 2 1 Mr. Bowman upon leaving was heartily J cheered, as was also Mr. George Davies, both gentlemen acknowledging the compliment. J 