POLITICAL ECONOMY. THE DRY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS. fBy Mb. Fhhadblfhus Pbmn, M.D.D.O.] No. XIV.-BTATISTIOAL BOGIES. Some people are said to be possessed with the faculty of seeiDg ghosts. I myself am dubious on the point, and think that very many so-called ghosts are due to eating lobsters or kidneys or other indigestibles for supper, and to the curious freaks which our nerves play ub when irritated by dyspepsia. This, however, is only a personal opinion, and may be taken for what it is worth, and is moreover open to revision. But there are other ghosts and bogies than those whioh Mrs. Orowe champions in her '• Night Side of Nature," and other ghostseers than modern mediums, and it is of these that I have to write in this paper. Mr. Philanthropus Pickup, M.D.D.O., is one of these ghostseers, and the bogies which affright him are to be found in his peculiar manipulation of figures. He treats statistics as a chemist treats his salts and acids and metals, and frequently alarms himself and his friends by unexpected and unwelcome theories which come forth from his mathe matical crucible, sometimes as nauseous smells and sometimes with explosive violence. The other evening at the Club he brought forth a veritable bogie. It was not a new one, but clad in new garments and disguised by a few ugly features. It was only the old spectre of the Bev. Mr. Malthas over again. He was being fast carried along by the inexorable logic of his figures to the same conclusion that Mr. Prootrr has reached, viz., that, in spite of millenial prophecies and poetic dreams, the world is rapidly growing old and hastening toward the brink of the precipice of ruin. This was how he raised the bogie, which to my Australian readers will seem about as absurd as the dread which we are told once came over a mad Hindoo whf n he heard of water becoming solid, lest the Ganges should be frozen over and should die. His argument was as follows:—'"1. There are three requisites to production, land, labour, and capi tal, and each is powerless without the other two. In order for there to be due prosperity, and for the land to yield its increase, labour to be well paid and capital to be remunerative, neither of these factors should predominate. In a new country land is abundant, but its abundanoe is not mischievous because its utility is limited by the limitation of labour and capital." Thus far any one would agree with Mr. Pickup; but as he proceeded to unfold his second point we began to prick up our ears. " 2 It is a law that if you apply capital to land you may get an increased return for your money, but not in proportion to the ontlay. Meanwhile the population increases, and when that popu lation reaches a certain density an addi tional amount of labour and capital will not raise a proportionately increased supply of food. This looks ominous for the future. The Psalmist says of a family man, " Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them;" but there must come a time when this Arcadian picture will have to be repainted by the coarser brush of Spartan legislators. It is possible that the climax of social ruin may be delayed by the discovery of new machines, new fields for industry, and new countries to be occupied and tilled; but what are a few thousand years in the history of a world ? The theory of natural selection carries back the life-history of animals into geological ages of remote antiquity, and the inevitable outworking of the family law carries in itself its own seeds of destruction.'' I wondered what was coming, and even whether any of the youthful members of our essayist's household had been playing the part of Hood's little child in the well-known poem, and teasing the good man out of his senses. Mr. Pickup then proceeded to chalk a sum on the black board, and Laving done so, to expound his figures. " The limits to the growth of population must be reached at last, be went on to say. Mr. Marshall, in his little book, tells us that the surface of the globe, including land and sea, is about 600,000,000,000,000 square yards. If we suppose that each yard affords standing room for four persons, the calculation gives room for 2,400,000,000,0G0,000 persons. You may object that it would be rather awkward for four per sons to stand on the crest of a yard of Atlantic wave, or on the sloping sides of a Polar iceberg. I admit it, and say that your objection only helps my argument. Look now at the rate of increase of the population of England and Wales, of which Mr. Jefferis made so much in bis recent lecture on Confederation. It doubled itself between the years 1801 and 1851. At this rate of increase population would, in— ICO years, multiply itsolf by 4. £00 " " " 16. 400 " " " 250. 600 *' " " 1,024—say 1,000. 1000 " " " 1,000,000. 2000 " " " 1,000,000,000,000. 3000 " " " 1,000,000,000,000,000,000. Take these figures, and yon will find that in 3,000 years the rate of increase will cover the whole surface of the globe with a deep mass of human beings, which would be as closely matted together as the processional cater pillars in the bush, and which would go far towards choking the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and stopping up the months of the volcanoes. South Australia has (say) a population of 250,000 persons, at the above rate, in 500 years we should number 250,000,000, and Victoria would have reached 800,000,000, or twice the estimated number of people in that swarming human beehive the Chinese Empire. These numbers are not fan ciful, that is they are not a statement of the possible increase of a certain definite number of human beings,"but are based on the aotual rate of increase in England daring this century, and which is somewhat less than oar increase in Spnth Australia. It is manifest, therefore, th*t, sooner or later, some check will have to arise to prevent this enormous multiplication of labourers and consumers." Mr. Pickup showed tbat in the case of the lower animals these checks arise in the struggle for existence which is going on, and he illustrated his remark by quotiBg from Darwin what he says about elephants. "The elephant is reckoned the' slowest breeder of all known animals, and I have taken some pains to ascertain its probable minimum rate of increase. It will be under the mark to assume that it breeds when thirty years old and goes on breeding until ninety years old, bringing forth three pairs of young in this interval. If this be so, at the end of the fifth century there would be alive fifteen mil lion elephants descended from the first pair." Alongside of the elephants he gave us some figures about the preposterous parentage of a pair of herrings, but the figures were bo large that I forbear transcribing them. " If it be asked how it is that the human population of the world 'is [not greater than it is, it is quite suf ficient answer to tell how war, and pesti lence, and bad doctoring, and poor food have perpetually thinned the ranks of the people." Mr. Pickup's logic seemed alarming enough, and I thought of suggesting to him how philan thropic an act it would be to scuttle the next immigrant ship.hefore it reached onr shores. I remembered, too, a story I once read of a man who was compelled to wear a wooden leg, which he turned into strange uses. This man had been reading " Malthus's Essay on Population," and wbb sorely frightened by the .same ghost that had appeared to Mr. Pickup. Divers unac countable murders kept taking place, the cause of death being in each case a musket shot. No one apparently was near with a gun, and yet the victims kept being knocked down. At laBt sus picion rested on the wooden-legged economist, who was always not far off, and it was found that his leg was a gun barrel, and the trigger was pulled by a string in his pocket. He had his brain stuffed with Malthus's checks on popu lation, and his wooden leg gave him the oppor tunity of carrying out his benevolent theories. Love of humanity made him a murderer; but his ungrateful fellows did not sympathise with his plans, and the enthusiast was removed from the ranks oi superabundant population by means of the gallow3. At a later stage in the debate the Professor took up the matter and boldly attacked the awful bogie. " When the Rev. Mr. Malthas wrote his famous essay the state of things indicated by Mr. Pickup eeei&ed; really coming upon England. England had too many people for her wheat fields to keep or her capital to employ. The beautiful balance between labour and capital was disturbed by the superabundance of workers. He spoke of two classes of restraint upon population—the positive, over which a man has no control, such as war and disease; and the preventive, by which he meant the prudence that ought to govern a man before he marries. He was an amiable and benevolent clergyman; but this practical theory of his made his name a byword and a reproach among all amorous young people, and others as well. I do not know how matters would have turned out if the course of events did not put an end for the preeent to all fear of overcrowding. Shortly after he wrote the steam- engine was in vented, and put to numerous practical uses. Capital increased enormously. Land was betler cultivated. Commerce extended itself. Steam bridged over the ocean. The world's waste pieces were opened to British enterprise, and —the spectre vanished. We in this colony have boundless resources, and we require capital and labour to develop them. We can find room for millions of immigrants as well as for our own increase, provided the influx be not too great for the capital. Capital is and must augment itself rapidly in a new country far more rapidly tfaan in England or France, and our want is labour. The influx of labour in its proper pro portion will be a benefit to the labourers them selves; without it we shall stagnate. Mr. Pickup's strange chimera may possibly present itself to our descendants of the fiftieth genera tion, but we may safely leave them to take care of themselves. At all events, our advice will not reach them, however we may settle matters. Meanwhile, let us deem that man a good citizen who is surrounded in his domestic castle by a dozen stalwart sons and with an equal pro portion of daughters." I went home to ponder over the ghost; but whenever Mrs. Penn sought to draw me on to detail the particulars of the evening's debate I turned off from the subject with adroitness, and, burying my face in the Register, my eye lighted with satisfaction on the list of passengers advertised as about to arrive by a coming immi grant ship. 