FACING THE SERGEANT. By Pasqttin. i%fi Pnlelirum est digito monstrari et diei liic est. — PEKSIUS. . I'll play tlie whetstone, useless and unfit j,..: :- .. To cut- mvseif—I'll sharpen others' wit. » —Horace. :? There is, perhaps, nothing more unsatisfactory than for a writer, in commencing his article, to feel that the material he has to go upon is of an . ?; ' entirely different description to that upon which ho has, for some time previously, counted upon possessing for tho subject-matter of his sketch. This, I frankly admit, is my case at the present time. I had anticipated being able to present the readers of this journal with a literary . . ' photograph of a spirited debate upon the all-absorbing Education question. My ink bottle was filled with a gill of Cochran's ebon fluid, a new nib glistened in my pen- holder, an inviting pile of oblong slips stood at hand upon my writing-table — all, in short, was ready for the fray. Vague and mysterious rumours had, pre vious to this dread preparation, floated about ? town. It was said by voices, hoarse with colonial beer, at ' Moore's' corner, that Webb was to sur pass himself, and to crush beneath tlie weight of declamatory invective the whole of the Catho lic clergy. Weird rumours floated over the city as to what Buchanan had said to Mr. Driver ' outside Emerson's.' Hurley of Hartley, it was mooted around, passed his mornings, reading M. Chiniquy's lectures, and grinding at hia one shilling ' Complete Orator.' Great was the tur moil Wednesday's debate would occasion. The lightning of eloquence was to flash — the thunder of invective was to roar. In short — shelving metaphor for the present — it was con fidently expected that Wednesday night would bring forth a lively time generally. We were all, however, ' to disappointment doomed;' for Wednesday was as dull a day in the House of Assembly as could possibly be imagined : barely a quorum of hon. members discussing in committee, with unwearying perti nacity, the various clauses in the Stamp Duties Bill ; Messrs. Cohen, Charles, M'Culloch, Wat son, and Webb, having it nearly all to themselves. . When it was a case of ' ring the bell watchman ' ? ? — I mean Sergeant, hon. members sauntered in from the refreshment-room, and voted languidly. Divisions were frequent, and it was amusing to watch the facial expression of some of our legis lators, and to mark how they blinked at the sun lights as they entered the dread precincts of the chamber. The night was singularly oppressive, and many of the representatives of the people had been evidently taxing the ingenuity of the parliamentary waiters in the preparation of 'curious compounds,' wherewith to cool the inner lining. One old gentleman, whose name I will not try to remember, came in with a walk as stiff and solemn as the stalk of the G-host in ' Hamlet'. He . ? took his seat on the Ministerial side of the House, but it was easy to see, by the fixedness of his glance and the blank expression on his face, that his thoughts were diverted from worldly matters. Many of his fellow-members, too, presented, if not a similar, at leaBt an equally droll appearance. For instance, another ancient party when rung in by the Sergeant, would come trotting into the centre of the House, and then stop short and look curiously round, as much as to say, ' What the Dickens are you all doing here? I thought it was Jane ringing the breakfast bell!' Mr. M'Elhone would enter with tlie Evening News in one hand and the Echo in the other, and stump from one member to another, pointing out in teresting paragraphs with his huge forefinger. I ; could imagine him saying to Mr. O'Connor, for instance — 'See that rub Buchanan got in the Echo and Noos ? That's into him, ain't it ? Not bad about the poker, eh P Ah, humph !' Indeed, watching the peculiar physical and social charac teristics of hon. members is to tho last degree ? entertaining, the only drawback to complete and hilarious enjoyment boing that, seated in the back seat of the reporters' gallery, one is able to see so little of them. While on the subject of the Pres3 Gallery, it will not perhaps be out of place to state that the critic of a weekly journal has a very great deal to contond with at the hands of the Parlia mentary authorities ; so much so, indeed, that to a newly-engaged scribe it is almost as easy to ' soar through cloudless ether into realms above,' fis to penetrate into the Eeporting Gallery at all. In the first place, there is a rjule which allows to a weekly journal only one place on the back of the wretched trough over tho Speaker, from which coign of vantage it is impossible, without standing up and craning tho neck, to see eithor one single Minister, or half a prominent mem ber of tho Opposition, Tho right of climb' . ing to thio porch, then, being only .concodod to one member of a weekly journal, it must neces sarily be used by a reporter ; and, therofore, it is to be presumed, if the editor felt at any time disposed to feast his gaze upon the intellectual countenances of the framers of tho laws of his country, or to squeeze a sub-leader out of tho first half-dozen of Buchanan's ' bulls' 011 the day of going to press, he would be put to tho neces sity of either doing an Alpine climb to the stran gers' haven, or ' send in his name' and get packed in the Speaker's sepulchre. The officials, indeed, appear to look upon the Legislative Assembly as a licensed place of entertainment, and their aver sion to journalistic dead-heads is of a most pro nounced description. When, indeed, a messen ger, the lappels of whoso ' liimefloat' were de corated with two. silver crowns — which, like those ornamenting Mr. Daniel Q-ru miner's staff of office, were ' uncommon like real ones ' — inquired for my press ticket, tho stern look in.his eye and the preremptory tones of his voice said as plainly as possible, ' If you don't ' ante up' you can't go in to the dog-fight.' The authority — next of course to the hon. tho Speakor — upon the distribution of press tickets is the Chief Clerk, Mr. Jones, a middle-aged gentleman in a University gown and a subdued manner. Mr. Jones is polite to a fault, and, I should say, exceedingly clever. When you want to see Mr, -Jones, you go into a little room on the left of the lobby, and write him a note on superfine G-overir ment cream-laid note. If you are familiar with him — and there are actually some men who can proudly claim his intimate acquaintance — if you are familiar with him, I say — (I hope my readers wi1! excuse this tiresome iteration. It is not natural to me, but acquired. I caught it of an hon. member who is well up in tallow)— you can write : 'Dear Jones ; I have just straggled up here, j Where did you get to last night ? Will it run to a soda and brandy ?' If, on the other hand you are not so fortunate as to possess the honour of his intimate acquaintance, your style must be more subdued. Anyhow, you send him a note by q crown-emblazoned attendant, and he glides out and interviews you in a dark room at the back of the Opposition benches. When you have spoken to him for five minutes or so, you begin to perceive that he has diplomatic talents of a very high order. He agrees with your arguments, compliments you upon your general intelligence, the nobility of your half -aunt, and the superlative cut of your waistcoat — and that's where it all ends. Upon the Speaker he leans himself as upon a rock, and the Speaker won't leave the chair to como out and discuss an amicable question. He's toe proud ! So you are kept cooling your heels in the lobby for half-au-hour or so, the only | available entertainment being the ' drawing out ' of the messengers, some of whom breathe family matters and distilled steak and onions into your ear with quite an affecting frankness. My seat in the Press Gallery is exceedingly un comfortable ; it is very narrow, and very hard. Those who have read Hepworth Dixon's 'Her Majesty's Tower' will remember a descrip tion of a place called ' Little Ease,' in which a man could neither stand up, nor sit down, nor lay off ; a room, in short, so built that in a day or two the occupant (supposing he would not disclose something) lost the use of his limbs. Well, I believe a descendant of the architect of ' Little Ease' designed the reporters' gallery in the Sydney House of Assembly. What you get the most complete view of, up there, are tho heads of the reporters on the dailies. It is a sweet and beautiful and instructive thing, mind you, to see so much genius penned up in one trough. At the samo time, a perpetual contem plation of heads that are ' shock,' and coats that are shocking, is apt to jar upon even the most equable temperament. As far as I am concerned, I am content to put up with a good deal of this, for I have made a discovery. I often used to sit up when nocturnal shades had gathered in their mystic folds the sleeping city, and the stars were twinkling, wondering who wore the people who purchased all the paper collars and leather shoe strings. I know now. For sometimes the city cor respondents of country papers come up and sit beside me. They are, as a rule, very seedy, and vory boery, and besides carrying about with them enough of dirty slips to write the ' Bise and fall of the Boman Empire ' on, they usually bear, concealod about them, a slight collation, and a clay pipe vory black and strong, and consequently exceedingly 'aromatic.' On Wednesday evening there was a very good house — of spectators. The strangers' gallory was full, and in the Speaker's reserve, there was what our theatrical critics term a ' fair attend ance. Tho front row of this gallory, by the way io reserved for ox-members. There were fivo of theso distinguished persons present on the even ing of which I am writing. I gazed upon them with great interest, even taking the trouble to put an extvci polish pn the [pebbles of my oilvor spectacles. My scrutiny ended in a feeling of disappointment. They didn't appear much different to other men. Tho future consideration of the Stamp Duties Bill in committee, was a very dreary business. The debate from tho very start was shorn of half its interest for mo, because I could not see Mr. Cameron presiding. I could hear his voice though chirruping out the old familiar gag — ' The question now before the House is, &c.;, &c.; Those who are of that opinion say Aye, contrary Wo — I think the Ayes have it.' 'Ho! — Wo!!' 'Sergeant — ring the bell.' And in they drift. The debate not being of the faintest interest — as regards the splitting of straws over unimpor tant clauses — to tho general public, I will con tent myself this week with airily sketching a few hon. members. First, lying full-length, on that portion of the benches usually graced by the aerial form of M'Elhone, i3 a gentleman with black hair, an iron-grey beard, and a massive watch-chain. He has a largo face, restless eyes of a neutral tint, and is habited in a black frock-coat and dark grey pants. This is the great Webb — Webb of Bathurst — Webb, the member for East Macquarie. This gentleman, who does not figure in ' Heaton's Dictionary of Dates,' is a very remarkable man. First of all lie is self made, and being such, I have no doubt he considers himself the beau-ideal of a magnifi cent man, and a distinguished legislator. In any case, as he is ' self-made,' I suppose he erected himself after the most approved designs. Mra Webb is a store-keeper and a draper, in Bathurst. Perhaps he will not be offended if I say that he looks like a draper. Supposing, though, this should not; suit him, I'll hark back and fasten upon the store-keeper, with pleasure. That can't offend him, anyhow. He was apprenticed to Messrs. Burnside and Oo., but being a smart business man, soon started for himself. Aftor this he took another lucky leap, which is well known to the initiated. That fixed him. From that moment a hired girl stood behind the master's chair, and two elegantly- attired young men weighed out tho millinery and ration- flour. His election to the House followed — and there ho is. But let me turn the kaleidoscope. So! — That young member with the neatly-brushed black hair and natty attire, who i3 sitting in the minis terial side is Mr. Shepherd. When you look at him, you feel that he must be conscious of his melting loveliness. Those weeping whiskers alone would be a fortune to most men, and when you add to them a seductive simper, a (Ugage style? any amount of aplomb, you will easily understand that anyone might be excused in falling in love with Mr. Shepherd. Martial says — ' A pretty fellow is but half a man ! ' That gentleman who is speaking glibly, and making hon. members smirk, is Mr. Pilcher, ' a luminary legal.' Mr. P.'s style is fair, and he certainly possesses a turn for satire. As he is speaking, Mr. Cohen interjects something ; upon which Mr. Pilcher retorts — ' The clause is as I interpret it. You should look with your eyes and not with your nose. You're all nose!' Upon which hon. members dig one another in the ribs, and there is ' much larfture.' Mr. Cohen, himself, is a bald-headed gentleman, the cast of whose features is purely ' Oriental.' But he is good-looking for all that. This gentleman, who has represented West Mait land since 1.874, though not a brilliant debater (omtoricallv speakinc:'). is vet £rifted with fair in tellectual powers, and has the reputation of being an honest politician. And lot him keep it, ' e'en tho' critics do deride,' for what saith Bentley P ' It is a maxim with mo, that no man was ever written out of reputation except by himself. ' If Mr. Cohen believes in this, let him hoard his ' copy.' By the door, there, sits Mr. G-reville of tele graphic and spiritualistic fame. Observe the parting of his locks, straight and trim as a pathway in a ducal pleasure ground. Mr. Greville is a land agent by profession, and a spiritist by in clination. His greatest friend is himself : his next Captain Edwards. If he loves anything better than sitting in tho House and boing admired, it is presiding over a Sunday Free thought lecture. That elderly member on the Opposition benches, with a Bhort gringe of white beard, who looks something like a sea captain, is Mr. Charles, M.P. for Kiama ; while next to him, with curly black hair, a white waiscoat, and a very small voice, is Mr. M'Culloch, member for Central Cumberland. Immediately behind him shines the curly head of Mr. E. B. Smith, ono of tho most popular of our legislators, and one whom I intend noticing at greater length at oomo futuro period. It was about 11 when I left the House. As I was going out, I met a man making rapidly for tho Speaker's gallory with a blue ticket in his j hand. Io it over yet ?' ho asked, excitedly ; ? ' have they risen P' I put my hand to my aching head. 'No,' I replied, sadly. Then a thought struck me, and I asked him what he was going in for. His answer came like a flash. ' Amuse ment.' That was enough. I wont home with a heavy heart. 