ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE The Iflaiu Itoail Question. (To llio Editor of tlio 11 Illawarra ^^o^ou^y.,,) Sir, — ' Pro Bono Publico' has writton again, aud this timo ho starts with an ' infuriatod octopus,' anil winds up with the Devil. Tho intervening space (vacuum, it might bo called) ho fills up with ' vested interests, asphyxia, bogged, pilgrims' — a threadbare assertion, which ho calls an ' argument'' — and tho 'selfishness of number ono.' Well, Mr. Editor, what nonsenso naturalists liavo writton about the octopus. Tlioy all agreo that it lays hold of objects with its long arms or , foolers, but this new authority tolls us that it performs this feat with (lot nobody laugh) Its tails. Why, the Dovil himself is only credited with tho possession of ono tail, but it appears that his marine prototype is blossed with a multiplicity of caudal appendages. 0, ye unfledged naturalists, hasten to tho foot of this gifted Gamaliel. Ho noxt says that I put forward tho 'vested intorosts of Albion Park' as tlio reason why tho main road should continue via that villago. Now, Sir, any porson taking up P. B. P.'s lettor, and not having seen tho previous correspondence, would conclude that this was tho only reason I gave for the retention of the main road in its pre Bont position. Lot me tell him that, in the opinion of high authorities, such conduct is a dospicablo form 'of falsehood. Clearly, my opponent has tho complaint that Ananias and Sapphira died of. I j made no special ' plea' in favor of tho ' vested' or other interests of Albion Park. The substance of my argu inent was that tho vested interests of Jamberoo, Albion Park, and Shell harbor should not bo ignored in considering tho main road ques tion, aud to this I adhere. Ho then says that travellers via Albion Park will ' run the risk of being drowned during floods in tho Macquarie, or boggod at other times.' I told him iu my last letter that the Government stand plodgod to erect a bridgo over tho sito of tho late embankment ; ' when that is dono, any ono who can cross Buckloy's Flat and tho Macquarie Bridge in safety can reach ; Albion Park with all his powder dry. Should ho want to go to Kiama— tho point, according to my opponent, of almost everybody's travels— and j privato considerations mako him wishful to avoid , Jamberoo, ho will find an excellent road via Shell harbor. My observation leads to tho conclusion that pooplo travel vory little during floods ; cer tainly not in such numbors as to warrant tho outlay of botween perhaps two and three thousand pounds of public nioiioy, to enable them and tho few wayfarers who might travel in dry weathor to ; get a abort cut from tho Macquario Bridge to Kiama. Has it ovor occurred to this sapient scribe that tho occupiers of tlie land along tho proposed new ; lino liavo rights which should bo regarded. It will afford 110 fresh outlet for produce, and it will afford 110 better accommodation for postal traffic than that in existence. And is it not just possible that Bomo of tlio inhabitants of Jamberoo and tlio largo and thickly- populated locality around it might want to go to Wollongong, or even further north, without going all tho way round by Kiama. Perhaps P. B. P. will say tho road over Mount Terry iu its presont condition is good enough for them. I think they will retort that tho present road via Shollliarbor is good enough for him, and besides it will givo him an opportunity of studying tlio habits of marine monsters. Further 011 ho tolls us his ' argument is' &o.; Doesn't any tyro know that assertion is not iirginnont, but evidently his stock of argument 011 tii is subject is miserably small, as I10 has uot given your readers oven tlio ghost of 0110 yot. As lo my action being ' based on interested motives,' I liavo disclaimed that already, and as to my ' vested interests' in Albion Park any ' infuriated octopus' is welcome to seize thorn with his 'tails,' and carry thorn oil' to tho cavernous depths of tho vast Pacific, and then 1 won't bo a shilling poorer. But 1 challenge P. B. P. to publish his name, and I'll give mine, and then lot tlio public judge who is acting from ' interested motives.' In conclusion, ho complains that 1 chargo him with unmiinliiicss for writing under a nam do lilumc. I mako tho chargo for other reasons besides that. This question has beon beforo the public for, I think, more than twelve months. Three public meetings at least liaye been held concerning it ; three petitions have been presented lo the Hon. tlie Minister for Works, two uf thorn by deputations ; two or three protests have beon Sent to the same Minister by tho Municipal Coun cils of Kiama and Shellharbor ; all against the alteration of the maiu road, and yot llio first wo hear from P. B. P. is a suggestion in y. nr.. i~~~' I of the 2nd instant, under nwwi ilr I 'the general public' should u.k!i nct&VU; I tho main road altered, but I 11111 lianm. . !;,fs B tliii public beti ay no disposition to liu imX ? paws of in the mailer. 10 111 ^ cats. | ? I'OITLI, E 