AN OLD JOCmBH TOWN, , ' Wmamrtt nlosg th? sui eout oftb? comnty of Keai, who kae time to ?p*r?, and who i? haprnfoo* to th? noJjy ot - *ha ' many : w?t?riag*plseM debted atvag it,wlUfi?d weria town atasdUfl la o ?as?hy plain, a UttlebMkfrosa the s??r whisk will r welf r*a*jr -the: uHst/?*;.' {the ? love* of antiquity whe li-gejm Uine fot a day ?r tw?. The narao of the i>lm? f? o??<3wMj. r U hel'haa eves! keen.; In; ptilland;; lie 'will thinkvhe has suddaaly kwi tinnsperted ffeare, a* be sees'y'tbe;:;, fist :';laaaie*pf;.;:!;.s_?olli?(' a fow'amttle grastog; and low red-tiled roof tonobed "?s?£?tfc>o:. "kui; making 0 bit of warm eolowr in; the midst 'ef!^'univ?rs^'.gr*y?eas'.:'' i for a few melansfiely pojlais—and drs-ry enough it look'a.'evea in the mellow light of a clear aat^iml!My,Myo**j?ed along! in tho traia, a mode of lotoraobion which seems strahgoly but of' keeping with the seen*. A flat-bottomed .'puati, monng laafly along a banal would ho the mean? 01 progression to bo oxpaotod in this dim and eolorirless aeeneiy. aprtsentljjr you alight ! at' tats little station, whoro tho mora_st*ry atir arid, buatlb brings yoa'?;.!*?*£; to!.the I time* yo* live in.' Bat is yen shoulder I your knapsaek, and wander a.w?y throagK the. silent and deserted streets in'Bsareh; of a hostelry, you feel; as tho professor-may havo felt in Haas Anderaea's story, when lw.£row,on the goloskos of Happiness;-and foundhimself suddenly in the Copenhagem of the middle ages. .; ?'?'?' ; The spirit of tho plaeo—supposing yon to be! at all already' begin to iaflaeneo you, and yo? will probably torn from the mod?r_ inn— though that is quiet enough—and hesitate whether 'yea will locate yeuwelf at .the Flews de Lis or the Htrmaid or the Sing's ' .drme'," whiah attract you by their ' ever-; hanging stories and: gables, and the oarv ings of grotesque wooden figures Whiah support :the'm.;" Your cheics made," yba' will probably be rewarded by eating your aupptr in'a room wherothe mantAl-piooe is eomposad Of (Dutch tiles'", real Dutchtiles,* brought over by : real'Dntoarueh in tliej reign of-Elisabeth, 'and:'where the oak tiarvinga of the c?iling would almost dq credit to Gibbons. Year" tea, shonld you ind ulge in that" modest beverage, will be served teyo?in a'pbt of roaldelf; and should you partako of a glass 6t aeddji befsre you "turn in for! the night, you may perehaaea have the spirits brought to yea in a square bottle whioh bears,'-'tho pate 1741; and'the name o(7tho tkpn Mayor of .Sandwich.-,;;!. .'? 7".\\-7'7; ; . When you afaroU forth in the inorning, your ' aketoh-book Under your . arm, in aaarahof some quaint or dajnty " bit" with! which to enrich your danvas, yoa fluil that year only difficulty will be in making a good soleolioo from tho many piotures you see aronad yon. Here a Do Heogh, there a Tan dor Hoyden, aeom to have left their frames and taken up thairabode in these silent and grftss-grown streets, ffor they are, eves in these early morning honre, when tbe BtlUnoss in other towns is'broken by the whistle of the labourer on his way to work, by ?he lowing of. :catUe, by the factory bell, or the distant ham of.machinery; Here no such sounds break the We prostune'thst, as tafere are hou?bs, there must be?-inhabitants; but we come across them only here and there as we tako our morning walk, unless wa look back ovor our shoulder, when we see heads appearing at door and window, watohing'tho " stranger"! with curious oyoa. . "What is there to ha seen in the town?" we ask bar landlady, as we prepare to sally forth, Bketoh-bbok in hand. ; "!"Weil, not much, air," is the unsatis factory answor; .??.' tharo is' the house hi which Qaeen Eluaboth. aiopt'' [übiquitous monarch, who seam* to have slept in every town in her kingdom]; " and St. Clement's and St. Peter's Churches;; and—and—and I am afraid that ia all." Somowhat diacouragod, my companion and I Btart on a voyage of disco vary to look for Queou Elisabeth's houao. Wo have not far to got, it is but just round tho corner; and procuring tho key from a highly loquaeiou? dame, who is much in censed at our rojeoWoa of her proffered; company and explanations, we unlook tho door and enter. Nothing to a*eT ? Why, it is worth a journey 'from town only to spend an hour in tho room in which we how find oursolves. A delightful room—all oak carving, dark with ago—-low arid hwge—- arrotesqu'e heads looking down on us from the ceiling, from the midst of wreaths of flower* and fruits; panels, perhaps—all round ua. An oaken ohimney piecowith a hdnfimr!' soeno inlaid in' different eolonred, woods, whieh, stand out' wall, even now, from.the neatly bluok oak;! and brass doga on tho -empty hearth.!! Wo' almost oxpeot to see one of thb panels! disappear, and some proseribed Jacobite, como forth from hia placo of corieealmeiit.???- "What business huvewo d*nii*ri? of the. modern world herb r" wo aak ourselves as wo aaooad tho atair, treading softly and speaking lew, for fear of disturbing the: ghost* who auroly havo their abiding-place! in tho dim passages; . 0?k-paiaeJl?d it eortalhly ia also, though the hand of aOme gotoi has painted it £ dirty while. My eompanion sorapee a bit of tho pain* off with her kaite, and, a* wo sso ttte brown wood underneath, wo givo ? sympathetio, groan over tho vandaUsm. But tho desesrated stair leads ua into the room in whioh Queen Blbiabelili alept on the night of tho 81st August, 1673, and whieh, fortunately, _ sacrilegious. hands havo spared., It ia almost tho counterpart of, tho room below it, except that the very handsome rmd elaborately carved ceiling is of,plaster, and the ohimnoy and mantel piece carved and no* inlaid. From tho window wa look on to the river Stonr and'! over the flat and droory londscapo, to whoro ' the Bikmagate cliffs are shining brilliantly': m tho morning sun. Wo learn from Boyay "Hiatory of Sandwich" that it wne in Mr. Manwood's houso that Her Majesty lay, - ?*a house wherein King Hoary. VIIX had been lodged itwioo baf ore." Thcgood oorgeaaea of the cown aaem, aooording to the same authority, to have provided many amusements for'tne Qaeen, and in their loyalty aha evidently had great f aith; ior it la speoiaily recorded Uiat, at a banquet prepared for her in the aohool-houso —consisting of Ono hundred aod sixty dishoa, served on a-table twenty-eight fact long—l "ahe waa vary merrye, and did eat of divers dlshe? without any And sho also acoeptod a Bilver-gilt cap. woll-nigb, a oabit high, " ' ? 1 Nothing t|> see I Why, let us stroll along I Strand-atreot, baaring a little {oonr left, until wa coma to this sumo old school-house,! whieh waa founded by aubsoription, under a promise from Mr. Manwood, afterwards Sir Boger—probably the same ia whoso home theQuaanalepi— toeadow it with landa bt swllciant value to anpport the building and' maintain a suiter. Alone time no (tuobt '}t. was ? i very liourwhiag iusUtution; but like everything;else aronad us, i. partakes now ol the silence and deadaesa of tho' town.; Perhaps 11 is holiday-time, perhabs the onlldrea are away; but at all ev<~ts the' bmlding is here quaint and tall, with red tfjed' ioof_and queer high ohimneys, which look as it they might ba aangeroas neighbours in a gale; and ojd uut-buudinga, and many' poinwd gables, and tbo dite, 1561, iu roliof on tho front lading tbe roadway. We are told Uiai it stood noaur Canterbqry Gala; but thoagtt the Canterbury Boad is hero, ihe Onto la a thing of the past, . ' . ? While I am peering over the low vmII into : the grasa-gtown oouri-yard, and moSHting' j o'ror tho decay ol all human In?titations, my companion Iβ tmieferriog the old homo to htt aketoa book; and when she has finished, 1 Buggert thai Vβ should try and have a peep at tbo ohosefces, which oar landlady he* neiaUooad ta being of the lions of the plase. Wβ go first t? Bt. Olement'e the square toww. of whioh if one of ike most analent Saxon buildings in' England, It is ornamo&itl; on e&ea; ride with this* tiers o{ pillns aed oiroaUr arohee. Boys eaye that It haft formerly "a aplre and. hat*le??nt?, wb??n wire taken iown between ihe years IC7O nd 1678, The ehnreh Iβ jbailt, pjlnol-, 'pally ijl >P?W?re Mixe4'?ith'saadetdn? from Ptgwell Bay. with the emeptipn S*. ?&? Kw?F,'wEshTj oomposia oTNormandy etone Th? seUtag ol Uβ nave la ol 09k, ia panel*.' like those la Queen Ellzibeth's hows, with, ornament* ol flowwo and foliage, and angels koHiug shields. The stall* in the obaneol are al?o oak, ol vny anetsat ?USe, and nneh wcrsaeaUn. In tbe f avemsnt' are suo'y gmrc-itmUt originally oraaaunisd, a* we. tean ie*,~*ith figures an! dsvieas in brua,' whJ?h kin l?eit removes; an* hero and |fc?re a f?w atteisnt tifos still remain. The iay is t? dear that my eompanicm saggs'ste that we should aseead the tower and tea' the Tiew; irhleh we aooordingly do, and we wall repaid ler oar climb.' It itaadi in the osntre of an ahaoit lev*} pl?U; and we cannot b,?lp tbiabag how often, ? in aneltnt da;*, the me* of Sanawiea mnat have Meended that tower te wsttn Iho approaoh of an ?n?my. For the old town has been uttaekoiTand* taken njapy ttaei, since the Danes, landing in Kent, fitet pillaged it, according to an aneioat S?on Ohioniole, In the year BSI. Bandnfoh ii sot the 'least important of the Olnqn? Ports, and nan; ? fleet haa sailed Irom it agalnit '.tbe Vtenth, and rhany a prize towodf into its haven. The town, lying at our teeb, looks p?a??ful enough now in the morning sun shiao, with the blue wreaths of smoke hovering larily in the qbill oir'over the pio tureaque tiled roofs, which vary in eoloor from yellow, throngh every shade and tone of red, to the richest brown in the shadows. And tho fleet of morehant-Teseols lying windbound in the Downs, speaks to wealth and oommeree and progress, instead of deadly war and tumult. Wonderfully* I ?' holhtndisch" the eaeno looks from this ] elevation. Tho poplars, tho windmills, tho universal flatness—except where, on the horizon, the Eeculvera jusfc catch the sun. Tho whole soono mast have reminded tho Flemings who settled hero in tho roign of Elizabeth, of the home and country loot to them. When, we reluotnntly descend, the verger, who seotns pleased at tho interest wo manifest, takes us into the vestry and ?vows aa a very anoiout register ol bicths, deaths, and marriages, written on parobment, and ulroutfly booed. Among tbe deaths, I fiad the following droll entries': In 1622— ",Old Mother Obilton;" and'a little lowor'oa tho onmo page, " Old Widow Woollet," In 1613—" Biohard Baker, a very poor man;" end—this strikes us as unkind—"Sybil Mnzred, a very ancient maide." In the earae year it is rooordoci tliat " Mr. Peeke was very solemnly bntied." Wo wondor if the solemn oerepioniee oonoludod with a great jollifies tiou, nud whether all the. monirneie at tbe faneral went sober to bod J On tho font, as,' we oomo out, we find the Oitsqae Ports arms and tho lions ol England quartered with tho French flour da Us. From St. Clemonfe wo wond our way through the quiet etroote, past what used to be tho fieh-market, with its old-fashioned gabled houses, each story ororhanging tho other, until the topmost one looks as if it would full into the street below, until wa coino to St. Peter's. Hero wo are fortunate enough to moot with a most courteous gentleman, who, evidently glad of an intel ligent human being to speak to, accom panies us into tho church, and shows us some curious old Dutch monuments. From him wa learn that in olden times tho prin cipalsupportof tho vicar aro?t) from the tithee ot fish brought into tho haven. It is to be hoped that he does nut now depend upon that, or I am afraid his stipend would bo bat scanty. In tho tinio ot tbo Boraans, no doubt Sandwich was washed by tho sea, whioh. has n.ow. receded fully a milo; leaving between it and tho town tho low lying mist-wreathed hind, partly marsh, and partly sand, of which I have spoken. The uamo is evidently tue Saxon Sandwio, or town on tho sand. It in now high noun ; end " eturoly," wo say to eaou other, " wo shell eoe some sign of life about the place." Bat no, it looks as silent and deserted as it did at six in the morning; and it is diffioult to realiao that in the days of King Oanuto it was one of tho most important of the English porta. We wander Into a queer little shop, fall of carious old bria-tt-brao, and pick up, for a mure song, gome rare old Dutoh tiles, xelics of the Fiomieh settlers; and one or two old Mandarin China plates, whioh remind oa of the one of wbioh Chatles Liunb speaks, on whioh the little gentleman is handing a cap of tea to a lady two miles t>2; and, joy of joys, a quaint old bottlx, dated 1711, biro tho ono we saw at tho inn hut night.' If only we could carry thorn away, wo would invest in a bowltchinu sot of brass-mounted "tall boys," and—for hero it is—tho identical "old clock on tho utairs" of which Long fellow has eung so sweetly. The shopkeeper I —though that is far too modern a word by I which to describe him—and his wife ore I chatty people, and evidently proud of the antiquity of their houao, built, they toll us, early ia the soventeonth century; and they show ub a curious bit of old wall, which Boom* to corroborate their story. 1 I ask them what they do in tho winter. 1 " Much the same as' in tho summer," is tho answer; ''It is equally dull all tho year round." "Surely," I say to my companion, as we leavo the littlo shop and continuo our walk, " aey modern Kiji Van Winkla might nluniber here for twenty juun, and on wak ing only read the lapse ot time iv the silvered hair aud wnnklod ohselcs of his contemporaries." ' We take our way through Delf-streot, Potter and Knigatrider-streota, Butchery, Sslntalion—wuai quoor ola namog,—to tho Fisher Gate, the only one remaining of the Gates whioh gave egress front tho town. It abuts on the river, and doubtless tho flehor raen landed there with their spoils from tho 8o?. It has a pointod. aroh, and ie in a toleiablo stalo of preeorvfttion. Close to it etood the Pillory Gate, and as we look op wo see the word '? Pillory" written at ? street I oornor, though there is now only a timboi- I yard wheie thq Gate need to stand. Let us hope that the pillory itself was done ;sway with,, aa being of no farther. use to the vlttuooe inUabitauts. Going a liiUa farther, wo oomo to tho Barbioan; bat.elthoagh it bears the anaieat name, nothing of the original atrooture ia left, If we go through it, and eroseing the Stonr, walk a short way along the liamegate toad, we shall come to a ouilodb pebbled, ridgoorbit of eea-beaoh quite inland; bat we have not' time to-day, and indeed are loath to leave tho old walla whioh still eur round tha towu. So wo take a oirouitoue roaie baok to our inn, coming across many: ft dainty bit of old enrviag, many a ourioua gabled hoaee with low-arohopl doorway and' uiamona- lattieed windows. - One doorway' of oak, which appears to have recently been picked out, bears the Cinque Forte Arms and the dalo 1601; and we pass' a aqnare aioh way, U we way so epeftk, with ft carved, wooden beam running 'along- it, throngh! which we get a peep at a deliaions mass of qcatut ohunneje and riohly ooiourod loofe, and piomroiqUe gables, among wbioh tho,' warm uhadowd lie dreaming, which, framed' by the auoient ?roh, mako a, piotoro worthy the brush of a Teniere. ? At.length, tired out, wo find ourselves again at our comfortable inn; and waited on, by our landlady in perdon, we dawdle, over pur supper, talking over what wo hnvq' seen, and looking, at ono or two skotohos wo havo moilo. Our hostessiain the midst oc au intoroatiQg account ol Born- eubter7 roneaa jjassaguswhioa were yioat %o Iw ?.??'? ? ?.- .:? ?-.. '??? .??'?.- ??'?''.':?'?. .??'?"??" :?!'? seed by tho smugglers,-when, the sound of a bell oomes,DOm? to un through iho etill neis. ' . ? " What is that V wo Mkod, startled. "That," replies ihe Undhvdy--" to* is the curfew. ,, - That old-world -sottncl seems .to ring; in our ear* when we close our oyes in sleep, ?which we do only.to dream that wo aro in the ea&>panntUed room of Mr. Manweod's house, and that wo ore being presented to Her Gracious 'Majesty Queen, Elizabeth by her faster of the Horse, tho Kail ?t leioostwr. ' ' 