LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. PAUL'S ' CATHEDRAL. The memorial-stone of the new Cathedral of St. Paul's, Melbourne, was laid on 13 th April by his Excellency the Marquis of Normariby, in the presence of a great concourse of people, about five thousand of whom gained admission to the Church reserve, while numbers of spectators looked on from the windows and roofs of houses and other points of vantage in the neighbourhood. Holy Communion was celebrated in St. Paul's Church at eight a.m., some fifty or sixty persons attending the service. At three p.m. the clergy of the diocese with a choir of men and boys under the superintendence of Dr. Torrance, assembled in St. Paul's Church. At half-past three the Governor arrived, and was met at the church gates by the Chapter, with the Bishop at their head, and conducted into the church. Thence the clergy — duly marshalled by the Rev. O. T. Perks and Colonel Eede — walked, robed, in procession, preceded by about one hundred surpliced choristers, and followed by the Chapter, after whom came the Governor, the Mayor of Melbourne and his suite, such members of the Council of the diocese as are not included in the Chapter, and a number of lay representatives from the different parishes. Seats for the Governor, the Bishop, and the Dean were placed on an immense stone, forming part of the basis of the first pier in the nave — the stone subsequently laid completed the foundation of this pier. The latter weighed nine tons. Into a cavity underneath the memorial-stone was deposited a leaden casket, containing the current number of TJie Church Ilessenger, the University, calendar, the Acts of the Church Assembly, statistics of the diocese, Trinity College calendar, the Melbourne papers of the previous day, a bottle of wheat grown in the Goulburn Valley by Messrs. A. Fraser and Co., some coins, the order of the day's proceedings, and a scroll with this inscription, from the pen, we understand, of Dr. Bromby : — Ad Summi Dei Gloriam et honorem, Ad fllii'ejus mortem et resurrectionem, Usque dum redeat Perpetua memoria prosequendum, Et ad fldem semel sanctis traditam Conservandam. . . _ Hunc Lapidem Angularem Ecclesito Catheclralis in urbe Melbumensi Sub Beati Pauli auspiciis Posuifc vir optimus.Dominns de Normanby, G.C.M.G., Circumstantibus Jacobo Moorhouse, S.T.P., episcopo ; Gnlielmo Foster Stawcll, armigero, justiciario principal] ; Nec non ot clero populoque, Die Aprilis tertio decimo, A.D. MDCCCLXXX. Adsit Deus propitius, Et aediflcando operi usque ad exitum faveat. Before this was deposited in the casket, it was read aloud by Dr. Hearn, Chancellor of the Diocese. Prayers, according to a form specially prepared for the occasion by the Bishop in Chapter, were read by the Dean. A silver trowel, suitably inscribed, was then presented by the Hon. T. T. a'Becketfc, Registrar of the Diocese, to the Governor, who then, with due ceremony, declared the stone properly laid in the following words:— 'I lay this foundation-stone of a Cathedral Church, to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, and to be called by the name of the Holy Apostle St. Paul, in the name of the Father, and of., the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen ;' the choir immediately upon this announcement proceeding to sing the well-known hymn — ' All hail the power of Jesu's name.' His Excellency then thanked the Bishop and Chapter for having given him the opportunity of being present on such an occasion. He hoped the edifice now begun would remain a memorial of that day's work from generation to generation. He might sometimes have thought, looking at the magnificent buildings which adorned the city, that this movement had been delayed overlong ; but once it was begun, he misjudged the character of the people of Victoria if there should be lack of means to finish the work. Cathedrals are not built in a day ; but let each assist according to his means, and the work would steadily advance, and when completed posterity would point to it as a monument of the devotion, energy, and perseverance of their forefathers in the early days of the colony. The Bishop, who was heard throughout his speech with great distinctness, said he had to speak of the building, the services to be held in it, and the Chapter. The building was to be the centre of the Church's highest energies — devotional, consultative, and practical. It was not built merely to look fair in the eyes of passers-by, but to help those who entered it to raise their thoughts to the infinite. ~Fov that purpose ifc needed size and loftiness — the dim vastness in which the mind can soar and expand to the apprehension of the eternal and the divine. Loftiness was needed also for its musical services, as without height there is no resonance, no elasticity, no massiveness or delicacy of sound. We needed musical services in Victoria, where the love of music is spreading amongst the young, who care more for music and less for worship than at home. We want a service not only to express the religious emotion that is present, but to evoke it when absent. Impassioned preaching is not always to be had for this purposed Musical services melt us when hard, raise us when sluggish, spiritualise us when earthly. But a large building also helps to make good preachers. The preacher is compelled to speak slowly, or he will be like a bee in a bottle — thus he hears with painful distinctness every word he says, and becomes conscious of any baldness of phrase or weakness of logic, and so is made ashamed of his own performance, and takes care another time to be clear in his thoughts and nervous in his language. Besides, slow preaching begets short sermons, with much in them. Then for the services. Only by Cathedral services can the Church's order of daily prayer be carried out, invaluable to those who, from age or sickness being precluded from life's interests, wish, like Simeon and Anna, to be continually in the temple. In the stillness and great spaces of a Cathedral, filled evermore with the plaint of prayer and the swell of praise, such find the atmosphere which they long to breathe. And the busy workers, too, need the refreshment of these services. Such a house of God, ever open for those who are smitten with life's sins, or broken by its sorrows, should be set in the heart of a city, where its passion and its crime is — as a house of prayer in the path of the poor outcast, nearing the brink of the dark river, who cannot wait for Sunday, but must be helped now or not at all. Many swell the sin ; will they not help to build the refuge? As for the Chapter, that was in all ages the Council of the Bishop on spiritual matters — not taking the place of the Council of the Diocese, which only advises on financial affairs, and whose advice when given must be followed, but placing at his disposal the advice, for him to take or leave, of the best and wisest men in the diocese. ' Isolation was the vice and weakness of authority. ' It would have greatly strengthened his own hands upon the religious education question had his views been known to have been formed after consultation with such a body as a Cathedral Chapter. Again, upon such subjects as the secular diaconate and the organisation of Sunday-schools, upon which the Church Assembly cannot express an opinion, the Cathedral Chapter could with great advantage deliberate. But, above all, the Chapter was an august representation of the unity of the Church. The peculiar danger of religious life here was separation. That was the rock ahead of Protestantism and democratic religion. Most fit was it, then, to constitute a symbol of our unity that should strike the imagination through the eyes, and reduce to visible insig nificance the spurious independence of individuals and the miserable selfishness of parochialism. For these reasons he earnestly desired to push on the erection of the Cathedral. The site had been care fully chosen, and he believed it to be the best; and the other denominations that had built their great churches within a stone's throw of them were manifestly of the same opinion. The time for action had come ; criticism was henceforth useless and despicable. Let all, with one heart and voice, press forward in the name, and by the strength, and to the glory of the Lord Jesus Christ. His Honour the Chief Justice expressed the regret felt by the Bishop of Ballaarat at being unable to be present. He considered the Cathedral, with its Chapter, necessary to give completion to the idea of the Church of England in the colony. The council they had given the Bishop did not answer all the purposes for which consultation was needed. It could not fill the place of the Chapter. The erec tion of a Cathedral Church — apart from all the parishes, but belong ing to them all — tended to overthrow mere parochial feelings, and to make members of the Church of England recognise their member ship of a world-wide Church. The value of the site was great ; but ifc was given ungrudgingly, in view of the benefits expected from a Cathedral. He loved Church music, but still more he loved congre gational worship ; but there was no necessary incompatibility between the two ; only let it not be forgotten that they met in Church not for individual praise or prayer, but for united devotion. The Bishop announced that the Hon. W. J. Clarke had made a donation of £1000 to the Cathedral Fund. The whole collection at the stone amounted to £1209, to which must be added about £1250 collected within the two or three days preceding. The ceremony closed with a hymn, and the benediction from the Bishop. 