Amusements, & wrnti wsf aw il.sws fejiaiF fFBHai. least: f hf fi-MMgsESBgai aftef & tans &Bs;«Be| sf f-R Mtaf at 6DBB ggtiBliBuea ErauteHCB as ag& BiBtoaBi, BR|Tav apt fail, samsfepWafiBg ma: oweffieats JfiseBti iBfl!it«F-gHft!feF« ffw fffftwtw ¥qhV|? &fifik;^§ Wfi.g JiflBrtil y . fpeiaQBigd ^itH nia Tfeapiis-ipi-Btsfig 9*-bp Jiltfe aWtaW-TO, grgwoej en Iris oeeasios is gaeisUqii! bb? m fcm siwie wm, weferai te eajiByBBBeBM eeffeitwsfeeBissftts *8 gteS .PBfliita ef .tfir SSBB8: flfπ IJB Harals aansuntert tan Tin l.lio foot tbit BnJSS'iSZ ;efisif ¥⁢ is tie etims, mm§iammKi am mim lapG&eHi;&isEs;, At ail » sutij m Hmirt ?wiiipfe he msmtei te us sbbb IS « 0 y saw age OMlfl BBaMGl? BB¥« PBUB BSPfHtieS bfiis W9fiB»sl wnii.m »» BS|n4iifiea Rsaassg, fjFifeiBgaiiiJ or)^BRl,-fe Ban* ieepertB,fl8 itimiieaiy was, n fill j»tf Ut abort, liffloit k seufoesod, sf tuMeri p«-. imt el tea BeJasuliely fSfiuee, U wm opea te ths Vb» TArnif gasts et eBsfipn with wblaa Hafflkfe 1b wlteted wms toe uteocgly sBBlmsigsd. Et sob veyeA the ifflBremlos e£ b fietos mu& pHsiastts nutuse, sf » Tierola aad eeiaswliBt VohtUteni per lOiure, et « mn oE setion rather tisuo- atBilerit mi. a thinker, ami, Ib » ward, wfcatmrM altjitt»T» bum aonoedod to , a be th« soow of hoihiWH apd originality, it wonld Hre been ataard te llWi oh»motarl«sd-ito« ndUefeatory cnbodlant of tho muolBB phlleiophar. tba ' self .torteriag «ophirt'' whom ShftkoepoMs drew, Ent it i« only fair to ae knowledge tbtt the fanlti allsded to hara is a great meaaara diiepponred. Horr Baodmamt'i Hamlet oa Saturday eTralug, though still letriug jnooh to ds oarired, was an immonse improvenisat on his ore Tlonu Tonderisir of toot choraotet. It was a per formanoe whioh' so orMo&l; epeetator amid have witnessed without foeliug protonndljr intereeted. As a whole, it might have fsfleti to eatioff his juig ment, but tho earnestBsss—th* power— whioh it dit p)cy«d, was undsniable. Herr Bandraawi, too, inaj. De ooncnatulatad on having almost entirely Botovee the stumbling bleoks of Engliah prononnclltdon. He oau now deliver Shakespeare's bUrnk verse with a )ropriet j and ease which lnaoy aocompliehed native bora artists migrbt envy. Of oonrse there are trasas' of a German aooont yet visible, bst they aroveiyv slight. These infleeiions do not jar so offensively on i/ngiisn ears ui they did, tor instenoe, in the oase of the late M. Fetoher, whose Hamlet, despite Buck dis advantages, w&b; a wor-derfnl assmmption. By tbe way, in the soene with the gravedigger, fierr Banfi nmnn's '* bnsiness ' partially resembles Veteher's. Like that famous aetor, Herr Sandmann, instead of standing; in the traditional fashion— grimly ereot as the statue of 4ae«ommandar in '* Don Giovanni ' — when he begins his dttooorse with the grarodlggor, raoluies oarelessly on a tombstone, and the easy familiarity with whioh he ' draws ont ' tbe old man has e. very natural and realistic effect. Herr Band maan has evidently applied himsolf in a thoronrbl; artistic and consoientions spirit to the study of this moat puzEline; of all onr great dramatist's oreatdons. Difficulties wliioh actors in general evade lie boldly grapples with. We allude eapeoially to his retaining; tbe wild and incoherent woris uttered by Hamlet when he is Bwearing bis companions to seoreoy roapecting tbe apparition they kavo seen. These words are almoBt always omitted by actors who adopt tbe theory that Hamlet's madness was only assumed. Herr Bandmann, though be makes it nnmiBtakeably apparent that the 'antia dispo sition ' of the prinee was 'put on' jnBtly.as we think, regards tbe manifestations of intense cerebral excitement exhibited by him in tbe scene immediately following the interview with the ghost, as not incom patible with perfect sanity. In tbe scene with Ophelia Horr Baudmann takes particular pains to show that tbe bittor and iurious language in which Hamlet addresses the daughter of Folonins, is prompted by his. certain knowledge that her father and the king are watahinfT him, and that Ophelia is a party tbe plot. A great deal might bo said in favonr of the counter theory as to Hatclot'aaotoal madnesa, and this particular eoene is not wanting in evidence to support it. lint it is unnecessary to discces it here. Wo may content onibolves with saying that Herr Bandmann'e reading ol' the scene leaves no room for donbt that he asBnmes the absolute sanity of Hamlet. But he also rondels it plain that, accord ing to his view, tbe ontburst of anger ia not alto gether simulated to deoei-ve tbe Kinit ; that tho wild reproaches wkioh Hamlet burls at Ophelia are wrnug from him by what he believes to bo her paltering with tbe troth. Herr Bandmann takes it for granted that even before Hamlet received a communication from the epirit world, suspicions bad been enter tainedin the Court of Elemoro as to his wit being diseased. This idea is ingeniously expressed by the introduction of tbe Jester, in the scoond soene ot the brst act, beokomue; to a oonple of pages ana tapping bis forehead while he points signi ficantly to the Prinoe, who aits moody and aDBCTaccea, ana seemingly BnoonECious ot Demc observed. Tbe innovation is not, indeed, a very im portant one, but it indicates the oarefnl attention which Herr Bandmann has bestowed on tbe minutest details which might help to elnoidate points whioh it is not irreverent to say that Shakespeare has left obscure. Herr Bandmann's aotirg in tbe play scene was really fine, and well deserved tbe hearty ap plause which it elicited, fie was less snooesstnl at the grave of Ophelia and in the exclamation, ' It ib I Hamlet the Dane,'' we missed the effect which we have sees prodnced by far inferior actors. The con fession of Hamlet's love for tbe lair Ophelia, as spoken by Horr Bandmann, was comparatively cold and tamo. There wore no tears in his voice ; the touohing pathos of tbe situation seemed wholly wanting. His tonea and gestures were more suggestive of a cynical philosopher than a Heart-broken lover. Bnt with all its short comings, tbe Hamlet of Herr Bandmann must take high rank. Its many exccllenoies sufficiently atone for its d«f«ets, and raise it immeasurably above any thing that histrionio talent of tbo oorreot and mediocre type oonld hope to achieve. Taking into account the hurried way in which tbe company by which Hecv Baudioaxm is supported have been brought tee- ether, and tbe diffioulty of representing a fire-aot tragedy on a stace of such limited extent as that of the Opera House, the management ave deserving- of very great praise tor the oroditable style in whioh ' ' Hamlot ' has been prsduoed. Miss poaise Benndet, as Ophelia, made a very favourable impression. She has a pleasing and well-moderated voice, of limited oompaBS, but clear and distinot in itBartienlatlon. Bhe is one of the best Ophelias we have seen in Sydney ; full of grace and swoetness, and quite devoid of staginess,— she at once secured tbe sympathies of the audienco. Tbe yonno; lady shared with Horr Bandmann tbe honour of repeated calls before the curtain. We may here remark that tbe practice of insisting on artists ooming forward to receive snoh compliments while the play is proceeding is in wretohed taste, and disagreeably deBtroye tbe illusion of the scene. Onr eld acquaintance Mr. Hoskjns, onactoa the Ghost. The King was sustained by Mr. Cathe&rt; with great ability, the soliloquy ' My offence ib rank/' &o.;, being a masterly specimen of eloontion. Mr. Douglas, as Laertes, performed with his 'usual oareand intelligence, and the role of First Gravodigger was safe in tbe bands of Mr Sam. ownrd. The O«ri« nf Mr. fit. XjAWrnnna war meri torious. Ab tbe Queen, Miss Marnworiug tried to do her best, bnt she was altogether overweighted. Tbe remainder of the east was reBpectable, but calls for no special-mention. ' Hamlet' will be repeated to night. Theatbb Eoyai,.— Tnsre was a new bill at this house on Saturday night, consisting of Morton's 'All that Glitters is not Gold' and Brighton's ' Withered Leaves.' Tbe theatre was oomfortably filled iu nil parts. Although ' All that Glitters is ?not Gold' has always been a popular play Bince its first representation at the Lsudon Olympie now about 25 yeara 040, it is without donbt a moat in -oongruous production. It bristles with inexousable absurdities from beginning to end, and although the moral is bo& apDarent and pointed, tbe goal is yreached by means emphatically erratic. The prin oipal oliaraoter in the play is Jasper Plum— one of those men so welltoiown in and around Manchester {why tbe scene is laid in Bristol we sever conld -understand)—* sucoesBful eotton spinner, and he attests all the attributes of tba genus. Not stall ,objootin&; to inform yon from what he has risen, he nevertheless impresses upon you the similarity there is twixt his progress and that oE the grab. He does not develop into an improved grub, bnt becomes a butterfly, with ptrhaps 8.,eytnpB,thetio consideration for grabs in general, bnt otherwise not of them. He thinks, walks, and acts differently toadies to (rrandeeswitb whom he ie anxious to mingle, and uses Frenoh phrases with abomt as muoh grace as he speaks English. This is Jasper Plum, who, laving become a butterfly, must e'en soar high. The character was artistically played by Mr. landlord. Wo rirmM; thinfe wa TiavA hurl ? better opportunity of witnessing the versatility ol Mr. UsishaU's powers as an actor than on Satur day night la»t. The transition from the grotesque ness of Twinkietotbe gintlem»n3inesB and polish of Tom Oonyers in ' Withered Leaves' proves this, gentleman's high talents, and the soope of bit, repertoire, 'Withered Leaves' is *ne of those pftaunt little ona-aots without whioh it was once houht no properly ooacuoted performance could emulate. There U net asoa tn it, bnt it is never. tbelesB very enjoyable. The ohief aim of it is to low bow mnoh goodness there ezlots in that oft ttaejm»Ol«ne.-ilMi:«t,-lBaieiJi«tBond-«ire«.« the are ai* pKJ Sf*l g^nmerf- ^ mi Fatjpry WOOWy pn gofnrqay Pfenm?! ksM«iMpflr ji«J!?i ftps w8Sw mM%» o fe§e8»8?aW^y»8W#W;TPBS sanja^fllq^ »Tff!mtefiffig niSaetouj »fe(!SW»l . 8to»?te9, BtT'^Si P§MM§fii/' 'Aim tea, Sisits, aua mm, She esleata wns foulr pluag, Tbe lalffiaJBAiUaseeefiBdtbea csseeiei fts 'JfsWef Athens MmsIj' Ib b fetg epitl^A style, fast with HfiBBOT ft Bf0tB6l8B 61 HR3Sf ftfiu WftS BSBOB &P;' glswtsfi. The Jf(i? 8} Bilfftua haBfl SMowsA witk t- «§lfletl§B teem (he 'iJatigbter ef the BBgimont,'.1 wlileH ma mayeft wltb gn-a% aat«, ureolmon, «.nd finish, but wtaieti, on usotwut of ths mnlodlo p«f*M7 of the elsai, an oompured with ether operetta solooHoiif, wos eonrcnlv eo ?Btotivo as ether aoloBtlOBB wanld have honn for mah b, oontdBfc Tbe eieoe, howovst, wai plajed in a botsuihly mntlolaiily itjle. The Si. Loonards land Jadiolonily lokoMd ft fnotatla on odrs from Trovators, iielsdtns ' Homo to Onr Monntaia»,'tbo ' Anvil Ohorui,' tad other molodloi, all of whioh wore v«w fairly rendered, partloululy thecnphonlnm ?oloi, Ths big drum demands a word of commenda tion for ths perfect tUno it kept in tba 'Anvil Ohoro»,'und throughout the plaoe. The airs tliem ?elrsa are «o perfectly melosious that if they were performed almost in any we.y, provided the Instrn ments were in lime, they would bo acceptable to the «&r.; T-Ms was a very notioeable number in the pro 'Srammo, The next number waB a selection from ' I Fuitana,' inclosing tbe pollaooa 'Bon Vergin TeEEOSa,' Snoni Xa Tromba,' and other well .known airs, all of whioh were fairly performed, and won great applause. By this time tbe enthusiasm of theaudienoe waB besoming exoited, and benoe they were prepared to appreciate a selection from ' Man tana, eommenoing with tbe ' Aneelns,' and com -prising tbe gems of the opera, aB ' Alas, those Obimes,' 'There is a Flower that Bloometh,' ' Scenes thatare Brightest,' ' In Happy Moments,'' and other airs. The solos in this selection were exe cuted in exoollent style, particularly ' In Happy Moments,' the notes of wbicb,aB they issued from the slide trombone, made tbe moments of tbe listeners happy. The Young Australian band won fgolden opinions from the audience hy their performance of tbiB' selection. The City Fire Brigade tben per formed a waltz, '? uorinaa,- in a very faic style, the .perfection of the bass being very peroeptible, and the timegenerajly well kept. The Head Quarters band played a selection styled ' Eeoollcctions' of Verdi, and comprising airs from bis works, which, tbongb sot quite so popular as some of his more melodious produotions.were nevertheless woll adapted to display mnsioianly skill and taste. The euphonium selos in this arrangement were executed with marked soft ness and nniBh, and the piece on 'the whole was well played. Tbe bandmaster was recalled, and bowed his thanks. The Balmain United band then played the Congress Lancers in very fair atyle, and the Im perial band performed a ohoice selection from Martha, whioh was spiritedly played, tbe lively airs being more perfectly rendered than the slow ones } and at the conclusion tbo applause was enthusi&stio;, and tbe bandmaster bowed bis thanks. Tbe Pina fore quadrilles, by four united bands, including seventy performers, made the building ring again with terpsichorean strains. The mass of sound pro duced by sneb a number of brass instruments was both novel and overpowering. The contest will be resumed to-night, when other pieces will be porformed and other bands will be in attendanoe. We wonld advise our readers to be present, inasinnoh as they may not have another opportunity ot witnessing a novel, bnt friendly, contest of this kind for some The engagement of Miss Louise Pomoroy, at the Queen's Theatre, was inaugurated on Saturday evening by the prodnetion of Shakespeare's pastoral comedy, ' Ac You Like It,' before an audienoo that literally crammed tbe theatre. MisB*Fomeroy is a prepossessing and peculiarly graceful actress. Upon appearing on the stage, richly dressed, as Bosalind, sho was greeted with prolonged cheers, and received a beantifully-worked wreath of flowers. Durin? the first aot it appeared that Bhe was nervous, and that nervousness, to a lesser degree, was a barrier in ber performance throughout. This failing was occasioned, we think, by the boisterousness of the pitoocupantc, whose behaviour at times was reprehensible. Under these disfavonrable circum stances it would be ungracious to pronounce upon Miss Pomeroy, aB an eatress, for, though the expec tations of her andience on Saturday evening wore not realised, we feel assured that her subsequent performance will show decided improvement. Miss Pomeroy was ably supported. Mr. Vincent appeared as Orlando, and, making allowanoe for a little rough ness, played the part admirably. Mibb Marion Mel rose, as Celia, looked well and played creditably. Mr. Greville was simply what he should be in tbo part oi' Touobstone, and his quaint humour was re ceived with frequent applause. All the remaining characters were appropriately allotted, and tbe nomedy was tolerably well mounted. ' As You Like It' will be repeated this evening, and it is an sounoed that ' Oymbeline' is in aotive prepara tion. 