TALES PBOK ' BIACKWOOD.' THE HAUNTED AND THE HAUNTEUS: OB, THE HOUSE AND THE BRAIN. (COVTINTJED.) This flight niay perhaps warrant a suspicion that the man wished to go to Australia, and bad been somehow or other fraudulently mixed up with the events of the night I say nothing in refutation of that conjecture : ratherv I suggest it as one that would seem to many persons the most probable solution of improbable occurrences. My own theory remained unshaken. I returned in the evening to the house, to bring sway in a, back cab the things I had left there, with my poor dog's body. In this 'task I was not disturbed, nor did any incident worth note befall me, except taat etill, oft ascending and descending the stairs, I heard the same footfall in ad vance. On leaving the house, I went to \- tIBc'S-— ? 'a, He was at home. 1 re turned faun the keys, told him that my curiosity was sufficiently gratified, and was about to relate quickly what had passed, when he stopped me, and said, though with inu«h politeness, that he had no longer any interest in a mystery which none had ever solved. I determined at least to tell him of the two letters I had read, as well as of the extraordinary manner in which they hid disappeared, and 1, then inquired if he. thought they hid be*» addressed to the woman who Jiod died in that bouse, and if there %jB«^Ai3^iiiKT:fe*J«t^ra»sIyr wffl make inquiries, aud infunn 'you iof. i£«r ?result.' StSl,' /*?«» ^ifr'^Tcopld admit the popular sipeisttti&n; that a per son Who hod been either the 'perpetrator or the victim of dart mince in liTa could re^Eit, as a restless spirit, fi»e -cenoiin which thrtse crimes had been committed, I should observe that the house smub il» fested by strange eiglits and sountSs be fore the old Von*2*1 died — ypu *uiue-r- jwnat^would yousayr' , -':,_. 'I vrooia say iius, that I am con vinced, if We could get, to the bottom ^ of fchese mysteries, we should find a living human agency. ' What 5 you believe il is all aa impos ture f for vnat object T' Not an imposture' in the ordinary sense of the won! If suddenly I were |o sink into a deep i sleep, from which, yon could not awake me, but in that deep could answer questions with an accuracy which I could not pretend to wten awake — tell you what money you haa inVour i«icket — nay, describe your very thoughts — »t »s not necessarily an imposture, any more that it is necessarily supernatural. 1 should be, unconsciously to myself, under a mesmeric influence, conveyed to. me from a distance by a human being who had acquired power orer me by previous BATPOBT.' ' Granting mesmerism, bo far carried, to be a fact, you are right. And you would infer from this that a niesmenser might produce the extraordinary efieefs j'ou and others have witnessed over inani mate objects — Gil the aii- with sights and sounds i' ' Or express our senses with the belief in them — wu never having been en Rappobt with tho persim netiug ou us f No. What is coinui-jiily called mesmerism could not do this ; but there may be si power aHn to mesmerism, and superior to it — the iKiwer that in the old dnVB was called Magic That such a power may extend to all inanimate objects of matter, I do not say ; but if so, it would not be against nature, only a rare |K-wer in luiture yrliieh might be given to constitu tions with certain peculiarities, and culti vated by practice to an extraordinary de gree. That such a power mig'it extend over the dead — that is, over certain thoughts and memories tliat the dead iniiy still retain — and compel, not that which ought properly to be called the Son., and which is far beyond human reach, but rather a phantom, of wliat has been most earth-stained on earth, to make itself apparent to our senses —is a very ancient though obsolete theory, upon which I will hazard no opinion. IWt I do not con ceive the power would be supernatural. Let me ii lustra to what 1 mean from mi experiment which Paracelsus describes as not difficult, and which the author of the ' CnrioBitius of literature' cites ass credible :— A flower perishes ; you burn it. Wliatcver were the elumonts of that tlowcr while it lived are gune, dispersed, you know not wliither ; you can never discover nor ri.i:ollect tliem. But you can, by chemistry, out of the burnt dust of tiiui flower, raise a sjiectr-jin of the flower, just as it r.. allied in life. It may bo the same with the human buing. The soul has as much escaped you as tho essence or elements of the flowur. Still you may make a spectrum of it And this phan tom, though in the popular superstition it his held to be the soul of the departed, must not be confounded with the time soul ; it iB but the eidolon of the dead form. Hence, like the best-attested stories of ghosts or spirits, the thing that must strikes us is the absence of wliat we hold to be soul ; that is, of superior emancipated intelligence. They come for little or no object — they seldom siicak. if they do coino ; they utter no ideas above that of an ordinary person on earth. American spirit-seers have published volumes of communications in prose and verse, which they assort to he given in tho names of the most illustrious dead — Shakespeare, Bacon — heaven knows whom. Those communications, taking the best, are certainly not a whit of higher order than would be communica tions from living persons of fair talent and education ; they are wondrously inferior to wliat Bacon, SJiakespoare, and Plato said and wrote when on earth. Nor, what is more notable, do they ever contain an idea that was not on the earth before. Wonderful, therefore, as such phenomena may be (grouting them to be truthful). I see much that philosophy may question, nothing that it is incumbent on philosophy to deny — viz., nothing supernatural. They are but ideas conveyed somehow or other (we hare not yet discovered the means) from one mortal brain to another. Whether, in so doing, tables walk of their own accord, or Uend-like shapes appear in a magic circle, or bodyluss hands rise and remove material objects, or a Tiling of Darkness, such aa presented itself to we, freeze our blood — etill am I persuaded that these are but agencies conveyed, as hy electric wires, to my own brain from the brain of another. In some constitu tions there is a natural chemistry, and those may produce chemic wonders — in others a natural fluid, call it electricity, and these produce electric wonders. But they differ in this form Normal Science — tiiey an-- alike objectless, purposeless, puerile, frivolous. They lead on to no grand results ; and therefore the world does not heed, and true sages have not cultivated them. But sure Tarn, that of all I saw or heard, a man, human as my self, was the remote originator ; and I be lieve unconsciously to himself as to the exact effects produced, for this reason : no two persons, you say, have ever told you that they experienced exactly the same thing. Well, observe, no two per sons ever, experience exactly the came dream. If this were an extraordinary imposture, the machinery 'would be ar ranged for results that woald but little vary ; if it were a supernatural agency permitted by the Almighty, it would surely be for some definite end. These phenomena belong to neither class ; my persuasion i&\- that they originate in some brain now far distant : that that brain had no distinct volition in anything that occurred : that what does occur reflects but its devious, motley, ever-shifting, half- fanned thoughts ; in short, that it has been but the dreams of Each a brain put into action and invested with a semi snbstance. That this brain is of immense power, that it can set matter into inure ment, that it fs malignant and destruc tive, I lielieve : e-ime material force must have killed my dog ; it might, for aught I know, have sufficed to kill myself, l.ad I been as subjugated by terror as the dog— I had my intellect or my spirit given me no ' countervailing resistance in my tnlL' ' It kilted jrotrilog^ '-£«& is Tfta&M; i] jtldcofl 'ft jffjtUjB-jy ffiflj^ftATlJltwfl^f'ftP^1*' nduced b-££yH£i&xt; Irouse ; faot-fevett *- -^ -*a^-«ad-«icesre -never -founain- .1 **^$eC3sartiBetoj0£jH»e brute creation detect iaflueiweB deadly to their existence. ^igpB treason Jjas ff»lwi#ii« cause it 'bas a resisting power mon; su preme. - But enough ; do you com Jmshend ^S^tjfca^i imperfectly— end I«fi eept any crotchet (jianion the *-oid), how ever odd, rather than enibraciJ at once the notion of ghoete -»4 hobgoblins we imbibed So our iinmaica. HyXL, to iny um'oriunate house the itfli -tfce same. Wliat on eartH cut I do with the boose (' ??'I wjU tdl-you -what I would do. I uu convinced from wy «ira internal feel IngB %hab liiie ««-all . unfurnished room at right angles t6~the*'door of the bedroom which I occupied, forms a starting-point «r reoeptaclo fur tine inflnencea wliich haunt the house ; and I strongly advise you to have ttie walls opened, the ftoor remtwed-^-iiay, the whole room puUed down. I observe that it is detached from tho body of the house, built over the small backyard, and oould be removed without jujury to the rest of the build ing.' ' And you think, if I did that- ? ' ' You would cut off the telegraph wires. Try it I am so persuaded that I sun right, that I will pay half the exj.-euse if you will allow jno to direct the opera tions.' '? ' Kay, I am well able to afford the cost ; for tho rest, allow me to write to you.' About ten days afterwards I received a letter frow Mr. J ? , telling me that he had visited the house since I had aern him ; that he had found the two letters I had described, replaced in the drawer froin whlcli I had taken them ; that ha ! had read them with mis^iviugs like my own': that he had instituted a eautiims inquiry about tin- woman to wh«-m I. rightly con jeoturtd they 3;uJ been written. It seemed that thirty -six years ago (a year before the date tif the lettei-s) she hswl married, againBt the wish of her relatives, an Ameiieuu of very suspicions diameter ; in fact, he wrs genorally belie^iid to have been a pirate. She herself was the daughter of very respectable tradespeople, and had served in the capacity of a nursery governess l-efore her lnnrriajre. She had a brother, a widower, who was considered wealthy, and who had one child of about six years old. A mouth after the marriage, the body of this brother was found in the Thames, naw London Bridge ; there seemed some marks of violence about his throat, but they were not deemi?d sufficient to warrant the iin])icst in nny other verdict than that of ' found drowned.' The American aiid his wife took charge of the little boy, the deceased brother havim; by his will left his swter thu guar dian of Iub only child — and iu event uf the child's death, 'the sister inherited. The child died about six months afterwards — it was supposed to liave been m-glected and ill-treated. The neighbours duposed tn hiivo heard it shriek at night. The siiryoun who had oxumincd it aftur death, stiid tliat it v,-;ls emaciated as if from wont of nouris'ruiiuut, and the body was covered with livid bruises. It seemed tliat one win' or night the child liad Bought to csaijie — crept out into the back-ynrd — tnud to scale the wall — fallen back exhausted, and been found at morn ing on the stones in a dying state. But though there was some evidence of cruelty, there was none of murder ; and the aunt and her husband had sought to palliate cruelty by alleging the exceeding stublKiiimess ami perversity of the child, who was declared to be half-witted. Be that as it may, at the orplian's death the aunt inherited her brother's fortune. Before the iirst wodded year was out, tho American quitted England abruptly, and never returned to it. He obtained a cruising vessel, which was lost in the Atlantic two years afterwards. . The widow was left in affluence ; but reverses of various kinds had befallen her : a bank broke — an investment failed — she went into a small business and beeame insolvent — t'lcn she entered into service, sinking lower and lower, from housekeeper down to maid-of -all-work — never long retaining a place, though nothing peculiar against her character was ever alleged. She was considered sober, honest, and peculiarly quiet in her ways ; still nothing prospered with her. And so she had dropped into the workhouse, from which Mr. J ? had taken her, if- be placed in charge of the very house which she had rented as mistress in the Iirst year of her wedded life. BIr. J ? added that he had passed an hour alone in the unfurnished room which I had urged him to destroy, and ; that his impressions of dread while tliero 1 were so great, though be had neither heard nor seen anything, thai he was eager to have tlie walls bared and the floors removed as I had suggested. He had engaged pcrsuns for the work, and would commence nny day I would name. The day was accordiuziy fixed. I re paired to the liaunted house — we went into the blind dreary room, took up the skirting, and then the floors. Under the rafters, covered with rubbish, was found a trap-door, quite large enough to Admit a man. It was closely nailed down, with clamps and rivets of iron. On removing these we descended into a room below, the existence of which had never been suspected. In this room there had been a window and a flue, but they had been bricked over, evidently for many years. By Ihe help of candles we examined ibis place ; it still retained some mouldering furniture— three chairs, an oak settle, a table— all of the fashion of about eighty years ago. There was a chest of drawers against the wall, in which we found, half rotted away, old-fashioned articles of a man's dress, such as might have been worn eighty or a hundred years ago by a gentleman of some rank — costly steel buckles and buttons, like those yet worn in court-dresses — & handsome court sword. — in a waistcoat which had once been rich with gold-lace, but which was now blackened and fool with damp, we found five guineas, a few silver coins, Mid an ivory ticket, probably for some place of entertainment long sinced paaed away. But our main discovery was in a kind of iron safe fixed to the wall, the lock of which it cost us much trouble to get picked. In this safe were three shelves and two small drawers. Ranged on the shelves were several small bottles of crystal, hermetically stopped. They contained colourless volatile essences, of what nature I shall say no mure than that, they were not poisons — phosphor and ammonia entered into some of them. There were also some very curious glass tubes, and «. small pointed rod of iron, with a luge lump of rock-crystal, and another of amber — also a loadstone of great power. Lu one of the drawers we found a, miniature portrait set in gold, and retain ing the freshness of its colours most remarkably, considering tho Itngtli. of |i^lti%sA|™obaWy^-eeii^th«jtie.Vi3to: ^ffiattvasthVrfai^:^oj^-t.be somewhat ad^nceH in iuddlelSe, per hafffl lorty- seron or forty ^ght . -.- ? -- - It was a^irt'tMsculiaT^ace— -a moet ini j-re6siv'e fage. - -II #» fipuld fancy same &£%g|i£y ' nfTjjL'ftf ^TfrWBf'iTTiTi'ftd ^iit-A va&f; preserving in the human lineament* Hie o!4 serpent type, you would hare a better idea of that countenance than long de scriptions can convey .: Hie width and fiat ties* of frontal— the tapering elegance of contour disguising the strength of the deadly j»w— the i»8g. large, terrible eye, glittering aiuLgreen as the einerald — and withal a certain ruthless calm, as if from the consciousness of an immense power. The strange iijng ivus this—the instant X saw the miniature I recognised a start ling likeness to one of tits rarest portraits in the world — the portrait of a man of a rank only below that of royalty, who in his own day had made a considerable noise. History «ays little or nothing of liiiii ; but search the correspondence of his contemporaries, and you find reference to his wild daring, his bold profligacy, his restless spirit, his taste for the occult sciences. While still in the meridian of life he died and was buried, so say the chronicles, in a foreign land. He died hi time to escajie the grasp of the law, for lie was accused of crimes wliich would have given him to the headsman. After his death, the portraits of him, which h&d; been njuinr-nis, for he had been a niuniii Csiiit tttc-i-r^'i'i1 t)f art, were bought up ami 'l*.*tri:yc,i — it vros supposed by bis hi-irs, wlt'j i.:Lr:it loive been glad could they i-nVL litzud iiis very narue from their sjAeuuid line. He liall enjoyed a vast wealth ; a Jiujju portion of tJ;is was be liu\ed to have been embezzled l-y n favourite astrologer or soothsayer — at all ijvonts, it had unaccountably vanished nt ! the time of his tlcalii. One portrait aVme of him was supposed to have oscaj'ed the ^L'uer.U di'simclinn ; I had seen it in the Jiousu of a collector some niontlis before. It lias! made on me u wonderful impres sion, .is it does on all who behold it — a face never to be forgotten ; and ttare was that face in the miniature that lay within my itaad. True, that in the miniature the man was a few years older than in the jiortrait. I liad seen, or than the original was even ut the time of his death. But u few years ! — why, between the date in which nourished ti..-,t direful noble and the date in wliich the miniature was evidently painted, there was an interval of i:mre than two centuries. While I was thus gazing, Rilent aud wondering, Jlr. J ? said, ' But is it possible ? I have known this man. ' ' How — where ?' cried I. ' In India. He was Inch in the confi dence of the Rajah of ? , and well nigh drew him iiitoa revolt which would liave lost the K&jah; his dominions. Tho man was a Frenchman — his naino De V ? , clever, bold, lawless. We in sisted on his dismissal aud banishment : it must be the same man — no two faces like his — yet thiB miniature BecuiB nearly a hundred years old.' Mecluuiically I turned round the miniature to examine the back of it, and on the back was engraved n pentaele ; in the middle of the pentode a ladder, and the third step of the ladder was formed by the date 17*16. Examing still more minutely, I detected a spring ; this, on being -pressed, opened the back of the miuiftture as a lid. Within-side the lid were engraved, ' Mariana to thee — Be faithful in life and in death to ? .' Here follows a name that I will not men tion, but it was not unfamiliar to me. I bad Sieai-d it spoken of by old men in my childhood as tho name homo by a dazzling charlatan who had made a great sensation in London for a year or so, and had ncd the country on the charge of a double murder within, his own house — that of liis mistress and his rival I said nothing of tliis to Mr. J ? , to whom reluctantly 1 resigned the miniature. We had found no diiiiculty in opening the first drawer within the iron safe ; we found great difficulty in opening the second : it was not locked, but it resisted all efforts, till we inserted in the clunks the edge of a chisel. When we had thus drawn it forth, we found a very singular apparatus in the nicest order. Upon a small thin book, or rather tablet, was placed a saucer of crystal ; this saucer wa* fillled with a clear liquid — on that liquid floated a. kind of compass, with a needle shifting nuiiuly round ; but instead of the usual points of a compass were seven strange cmtru,ct--»rs, not very unlike those used by astrologers to denote the planets. A very peculiar, but not strong nor dis pleasing-odour, came from this drawer, which was lined with a wood that we afterwards discovered to be hazel. Wliat cver the cause of this odour, it produced a material «(}ect on the nerves. We all feit it, even the two workmen who wore in the room — a creeping tingling sensation from the tips of the fingers to the roots of the hair. Impatient to examine the tablet I removed the saucer. As I did so the needle of the compass went round and round with exceeding swiftness, and I felt a shock that ran through my whole frame, so that 1 dropped the saucer on the floor. The liquid was spilt — the saucer was broken — the compass rolled to the cad of the room — and at that instant the walls shook to and fro, as if a giant had swayed and .rocked them. The two workmen ?were so frightened that they tan up the ladder by which we liad descended from the trap-door ; but seeing that nothing more happened, they were easily induced to return. Meanwhile X had opened the tablet : it was bound in plain red leather, with a silver clasp ; it contained but one sheet of thick vellum, and on that sheet were inscribed, within a double pentacle, words in old monkish latin, which arc literally to be translated thus :— ' On all that it can reach within these walls — sentient or inanimate, living or dead — as moves the needle, eo work my will !— Accursed be the house, and restless be the dwellers therein.' , We found no more. Mr. J ? burnt the tablet and its anathema. He razed to the foundations the part of the building containing the secret room with the chamber over it He had then the courage to inhabit the house himself for a month, and a quieter, better-conditioned house could not be found in all Iiondon. Subsequently he let it to advantage, and his tenant has made no complaints. But my story is not yet done. A few days after Mr. f ? had removed into the house, I paid him a visit. We were standing by die open window and con vening. A van containing some articles of furniture which he was moving from lira former house was at the door. X had just urged on him my theory, that all those phenomena regarded as supermun dane had emanated from a human brain ; adducing the charm or rather curse we had found and destroyed in support of n\y philosophy. Mr. J— ? was observing in reply, 'That even if mesmerism, or whatever analogous power it might be called, could really thus work in the ab Ecenoe of the ojierator, and produce yffiyfa pn f«fTTifrri'm°*y.. etQl could those effects continue when the operator luui eeJf was dead ? and if the spell had been wrought, and, indeed, the room walled up, more than seventy years ego, the probability was, that tho operator had oiig since 'departed this life;' BIr. J— ? -, I cay, ir.is thus answering, when I caujAt hold of his arm and pointed to the street below. A. well-dressed man bad crossed f ram the opposite side, and was accosting the earner in charge of tho van. His face, as lie fctood, was exactly fronting our window. It was the fact; of the minia ture we had discovered : it was the face uf tho portrait of the noble three centuries ago. ** Good heaveiis I' cried Mr. J ? , 'tfcat is the face of De V ? , and scarce'}' a day ohler than when I saw it in the Rajah's court in my j-outh 1' Seized by the same thought, we both hastened down stairs. I was first in the street ; but the loan had already gone. I caught si^lit of him, however, not many Fii-ds in advance, aud in auother moment was by his side. I had resolved to sneak to him, but when 1 looked into his face, I feit as if It were impossible to do so. Tliat eye — the eye of the serpent — lixed and held me Fltt-llbomid, And withal, about the man's whole perstm there was a dignity, an air of pride and station, and superiority, thai would liave made any one, habituated to the usajrus of tho 'world, hesitate long befui.- venturing upon a lil-erty or im jwrtineuce. And what could I say f wliat was it I would ask f Thus asliaoxed of uiy first impulse, I fell a few paces back, sviU, however, following the stranger, uu docided trliat else to do. Meanwhile he turned the comer of the street ; a plain carriage miB in waiting, uiui a servant out of livery (ii-iasses! like a valetde I'laob at the carriage door. In another monK-nt he Jmd etepped into the carriage, mid it drove off. I ruturm'l to the house. Jilr. J ? was still at the street door. He luul asked the carrier what the blrangur luul said to him. ' Merely asked, whom that house now belonged to.1' Tins same evening 1 happened to go with a friend to a place in imvii called the Cosmopolitan Club, a place o;-.-:i to men of all countries, all opinions, a'i decrees. One orders one's coffee, smokes one's uitra!1. One is always sure (o inoct agree able, sometimes rcmarlmhle iiersoiis. 1 liad not been two minutes m the room before I beheld at a tiibh/, ??.ivcrsing v.ith an acquaintance of mine, whom 1 will de signate by the initial G ? , the man— the Original of the Jliniaturo. lie was now without his hat, and the likeness was yet mure startling, only I observed tliat while he was conversing there was loss Hoerity ill the countenance ; iliere vr;\s even a. smile, though si very quiet and very cold ono. The dignity of mien 1 l^id acknow ledged in the stn- et was also more strik ing ; a dignity ukin to (hat which invests some prince of ilie East — cmiveying the idea of supreme indifference, and habi tiiid, indisrmtable, indolent, but resistless power. (i ? soon after left the stranger, who then took up » ?wiontinc journal, wliich seemed to :t!-*--r!- hi-- attention. I drew G ? asiuc--' Who and what is that gentleman /' ' Tliat I Oh, a very rt'iuarliable nau indeed. 1 met him lsist year amiust the caves of Peti-a — thi- scriptural Edom. He is the best Oriental scholar I know. Wo joined company, had an adventure with robbers, in iviiich he showed a coohii'ss that saved our lives ; uflcmrrdis h*- in vited me to sneud a day uith him in a house he had bought at Damascus — a house buried amongst almond- blossoms and roses' — the most beautiful thing ! He hail lived there for some years, quite us an Oriental, in grand style. 1 lialf sus pect he is a renegade, immensely rich, very odd : by the by a great uiesmerisur. I have seen him with my own eyes pro duce an effect on inanimate things. If you take a letter from your pocket and throw it to the other end of the room, he will order it to come to his f eet , aud you will see the letter wriggle itself long the floor till it has obeyed his cumiuand. 'Pun my honour 'tis (rue: 1 have Been him affect even the weather, dis|-cnsc or collect clouds, by meaus «f a glass i nbe or wand, liut lie docs nut like tal&ng; ol these matters to strangers. He has only just arrival in England ; says he lias not been hero for a great many years ; let me introduce him to you.' ' Certainly ! He is English then ? What is Iiis name 3' ' Oh ! — a very homely one — Rich- ard6.' ?' And wliat is his birth — his family ?' ' How do I know ? What «l-.ies is sig nify I — no doubt some parvenu, but riuh — so infernally rich '.'' G ? drew me up to -he stranger, and the introduction was ciiected. The manners of Mr. Richards were not those of an adventurous traveller. TitivelloTs are in general constitutionally gifted with high animal spirits ; they are talkative, eager, imperious. Mr. Richards was calm and subdued in tone, with manners wliich were made distant by the loftiness of punctilious courtesy — the manners of a former age. I observed tliat the £nglish he spoke was not exactly of our day. I should even have said tliat the accent was slightly foreign. But then Mr. Richards remarked that be had been little in the habit for many years of speaiong in his native tongue. The conversation fell upon the changes in the aspect of London since he had last visited our metropolis. G ? then glanced off to the moral changes — literary, social, political — the great men who were removed from the stage within the last twenty years— the new great men who were coming on. In all this Mr. Richards evinced no interest He bad evidently read none of our living authors, and seemed scarcely acquainted by name with our younger statesmen. Once and only once he laughed ; it was ?when G ? -asked him whether be had any thoughts of getting into Parliament And the laugh was inward — sarcastic — sinister — a sneer raised into a laugh. After a few minutes G ? left us to talk to Eoinc other acquaintances who liad just lounged into the room, and I then said, quietly — ' I have seen a miniature of you, Mr. Richards, in the house you once inhabited, and perhaps built, if cot wholly, at least in part, in ? Street. Ton passed by that house this morning.' Not tOl'I had finished did I raise my eyes to bis, and then his fixed my gaze eo steadfastly tliat I could not withdraw it — those fascinating serpent eyes. But in volniitarily, and as if the words that translated my thought were dragged from me, I added, m a low whisper, ' I have been a student in the mysteries of life and nature ; of those mysteries I have known the occult professors. X have the right to speak to you thus.' And I uttered a certain pass- word.. ** Well,' said he, dryly, *' I concede the right — what would you ask i' . .' To jthat-oxteut liuroan will in cerJain temperaments can extend 1' ' To what extent can thought extend? Think, and before you draw breath you are in China V - ' ? ' True. But my tiwugbt has no power in China.' *? -3»ve it expression, and it may have : you may write down a thought which, sooner or later, tnay alter the whole condition of China. What is a law but a thought f Therefore thought is infinite — therefore thought has poirer ; not in pro portion to its value — a bad thought usury laake a bad law as potent as- a good thought can make a good one.' ** Yes ; what you say confirms jny own theory. Through invisible carrente one human brain may transmit its ideas to other human brains with the same rapidity as a thought promulgated by visible means. And as thought is im perisliable — as it leaves its stamp behind it in the natural world even when the thinker has passed out of this world — so the thought of the living may have power to rouse uji and revive the thoughts of the dead — such as those thoughts week rs LJFE—though the thought of the living cannot reach the thoughts which the dead kow may entertain. Is it not to ?' ' I decline fe» answer, if, in my judg ment, thought has the limit you -would fix to it : but proceed. You have a special quesiion you wish to put' '? Intense malignity in an intense will, eu'i-iulered in a peculiar temperament, and aided l-y natural means within the rtsicu uf seiiiuoe, way produce effects like those ascribed of old to evil magic It niijrlit thus haunt the walls of a human liabitation with spectral revivals -ii all guilty thoughts aud guilty deeds once conceived aud done witliin those walls ; ill, in short, with which thu evil will claims KAJTORT and afliiiitj-, — imperfect, incoherent, fragnn-iitury snatches at the ?Id dramas act-.-l therein years ago. riioughts thus oii-s.ii:y each other liap lioziird, ns in i'.\\-- ni^iiuunre of a vision, growing up int'- pluiiitum sights and sounds, and all serving to create horror, not because tho&o; siyhis and sounds are n-ally visitations from a world without, but that they are ghastly uionstr.jus renewals of wliat liave been in this world itself, set into malignant play by a malig nant mortal. And it is through the material aijuiwy -tf that human brain that these tilings would nc-jufav oven a human power — would strike as with the sh*ick of electricity, ami luiylit kill, if the thought of the person assailed did not rise superior to the dignity of the original assailer — might kill »:.-? most powerful uninia! if unnerved by i'-...ii\ l)iit not injure the feeblest man, if, \thiii1 his ilesh crept, his mind stood out feari.ss. Thus, when in old stories we read ol a magician rent to pieces by the fiends he iiid evoked — or still more, in Eastern legends, that one magician Kuttveds by liifi arts ijj destroy ing another — there 'may be so far truth, tliat a liuittiiiil beiny has clothed, from its own evil projionsitiiw, curtain clementB mill fluids, usually -|-iiesccnt or harmless, with awful shape aiul Ic-rritic force ;— -jus( ,-ls the lightning that, had lain ltiddiui and innocent in the tli.uil lioeoiiies by natural l.iw buddunlv ^ isibk1. lakes a distinct shape to tho eye, and can stviku destruc tion on (ho object to wliich it is at tracted.' ' You are not without Kliinpsos '^ a very mighty secret,' said Sir. ltiuh.irds, ci'liil'oM'illy. c* According to vohv viuw, could a mortiil ol»taiu tho ]-owor you sjitjak | of, bo iv.iiild :iecv.-.«:?«i-ily be a nuiilyiiaiit j and K\i) being.' ! ** I;' tho power wurc exercised as I have i said, most malignant mid most evil — though 1 liL-lieve in the ancient traditions that he would not injure tho jrniid. lii» j will ciiuM ni- i;ij:i!v tiiosv with whom it h:'.s uttaMUhud an allinity, nr over wh'jin it forcts unrcsislud swuy. I will now iiim-rino an example that may be witljin Hie lasvs of natmv, yet seoni «ild as the fables of a bewildered monk. ' You will niiiicinbcr that Albortus Magnus, after describing minutely the process by which spirits may be invoked and conuunndi-ii, adds emphatically, that the process «iii instruct and avail onlj' to the few — tliat a man must bk boiin a uagioiak I — tliat is, born with a j-eculinr physical temperament, as a man i« born n poet Kai-ely are. men in whose constitu tion lui'^s this -jccuit power of the highest order ..?( intillect ; — usually in the intel lect tln-re is some twist, perversity, or disease. Cut, --u the other Iiand, they must possess, to an astonishing degree, the faculty to concentrate thought on a single object— the encrgie faculty that we call wild. Therefore, though their intel lect be not sound, it is exceedingly forcible for the attainment of Trliat it de sires. I will imagine euch a person, pre eminently gifted with this constitution and its concomitant forces. I will place him in the loftier grades of society. I will suppose his desires emphatically those os the sensn;ilist — he lias, therefore, a strong louc of iiiV. He is an absolute egotist — his will is concentred in liimself — he lias fierce passions — he knows no enduring, no holy .affections, but he can covet eagerly wliat for the moment he de sires — he can bate implacably what op poses itself to his objects — he can commit fearful crimes, yet feel small remorse — he resorts rather to corses upon others, than to penitence for his misdeeds. Circum stances, to wliich his constitution guides him, lead him to a rare knowledge of the natural secrets which may serve his egotism. He L= a ci»-se observer where his passions e»c- ni j-nire observation, he is a minute caleulaEor, not from lore of truth, but where love of self sharpens his faculties, — therefore ho can be a nan of scienco. I suppose such a being, having by experience learned the power of his arts over others, trying what may be the power of -will over his own frame, and studying all that in natural philosophy may increase that power. He iu\~es life, he dreads death ; be vmxs to live on~. He cannot restore himself to youth, he cannot entirely stay the progress of death, he cannot make himself immortal in the flesh and blood ; but he may arrest for a time so prolonged as to appear incredible if I said it, that hardening of the parts ?wliich constitutes old age. A year may age him i-.« more than an hour ages anothor. His intense will, scientifi cally trained into system, operates, in short, over the wear and tear of his own frame. He lives on. That he may not seem a purtent and a miracle, he dies from time to time, seemingly, to certain persons. Having schemed the transfer of a wealth that suffices to his v.aiits, 3ie disappears from one corner of the world, and contrives that his obsequies shall be celebrated. He reappears at another corner of the world, where he resides undetected, and does not revisit the scenes of his former career tail all who could remember his features are no more. He would be profoundly miserable if he had affections, — he lias none but for him self. Ko good man would accept his longevity, and to no man, good or bad, iroulii he could he communicate its true secret. Such a man might exist ; such a mail as I liave described I see now before me 1— Duke of t ? — , iu iho court |0f ? — , dirividing time between lust and , brawl, alchemists and wizards ;— again, in the last century, charlatan and criminal, with name less noble, domiciled in the bouse at which yon gazed to-day, and fly ing from the law you had outraged, none knew whither j— - traveller once more re viisiting I*mdon, with the same earthly passions which fillod your heart . when races now no more walked through yonder streets ; — outlaw from the school of all the nobler and diviner mystics .—execra ble Image of Life in Death and Death in Life, I warn you back from the cities and homes of healthf ul nipn ; back . to the deserts of nature unredeemed '' There answered me a whisper. Thus it said — ' I have sought one like you for the last hundred years. Kow I have found you, xre part not till 1 Itnow wliat I desire. TUi: vision that sees through the Past, and cleaves through the veil of the Future, is in you at this hour ; iiever be fore, never to come again ; — the vision of no puling fantastic girl, of no sick-bed sownambule, but of & strong man, with a vigorous brain. Soar and look forth V An he spoke I felt as if I rose out of myteif upon eagle wings. All the weigLt seemed gone from air, — roofless the room, — roofless the domes of space. I was nut in tho body — where I knew not — butalolt over time, over earth. Atrain I heart! the melodious whisper, — ' You say riglit I have mastered groat secrets by the power of Will ; — true, by Will and by Science I can retard the pi'ocet* of years : but death comes not by age alone. Can t frustrate the acci dents wliich bring death uihhi the young ?' ' Ko ; every accident is a providence. Be fore a providence snaps -svery human will. ' ' Shall I die at last-, ages and ages heiv\\. by the slow, though inevitable, growth of time, or bv the cause that lea 1 accident V ' By si cause you call accident ' ' Is not the end still remote J' asked the whisper, with a slight tremor. ' Regarded as uiy life regards time, it is still iciiuote. ' ' And Bliall I, before then, mix with tin.1 world of moil as 1 did ere I learned these eecivts, resume eager interest in their strife and their troiible — battle with ambition, and use the power of the sage to win the power that belongs to kings I' ' You will yet play a part on the earth that will (ill c;u'Ui with commotion ai d amaze. For wondrous designs have you, a wonder yourself, beeu permitted to live on through the ceuturics. All the secrets you -have Btored will then liave their uBes — all that now makes you a stranger amidst the generations will contribute then to make you their lord. As the trees and the straws are drawn into a whirlpool — as they spin round, are sucked to the deep, and again tossed aloft by the eddies, so shall races and thrones be plucked into the charm of your vortex. Awful De Rtrovur — but, in de-strovinir. liiajdt;. acraiiifit your own will, a Constructor :'' ' Aud t!iat date, too, is far off?' ' l'ar oil' ; when it conies, thuik your end iu this world is at liand V 'How and wliat is the end i Look east, west, south and uortli.' ' In the nurth, wlu'ie you never yet trod — towards tin; point whonco your in stincts have warned you, there a epectre will seii^e you. 'Tis De;:th '. 1 see a ship — it is haunted — 'tis cluisud— it. sails on. Dallied navies sail after that ship. It unU-TS thu region of iuu. It passes a sky red with meteors. Two moons xUuul on high, over ico-roufs. 1 *eo ihe ship locked between wliitu deii'es — they arc iuu-rocks. I see the dead strow tho decks — siark and livid, ^reeii mould ou their limbs. All ore dead but one man — it is you .' Hut years, though bo slowly they come, have thtii scathed you. There is the coming of sifu on your bn-w, and the will is reliuxeil in thr culls of thu brain. Still that will, though i::ifeebled, exceeds all that man knew before you : tlirough the will you live on, gnawed with famine. And nature' no longer obeys you in that death-spreading region ; — the efcy is a sky of iron, and the air Las iron clumps, and tho ice-rocks wedge in tho ship. Hark how it cracks and groans, lco will imbed it as amber imbeds a straw. And a man ii;is gone forth, liviug yet, from the ship and its -lcad ; and lie ltae clambered up the spikes of an iceberg, and ilie two moons gaze down on his form. That man is yourself ; and terror is ou yon — terror ; and terror has swal lowed your will. And 1 see swarming up the steep ice-rock, grey griestly things. The bears of the north Live scented i-hcir quarry — they come near you aud nearer, shambling and rolling their bulk. And in tliat day eveiy moment shall seem to you longer than the centuries tlirough which you have passed. And heed this — after life, moments continued make the bliss or the hell of eternity.' ' Hush,' said the whisper ; ' but tho day, you assure me, is far off — very far ! I go back to tha abnond and rose of Damascus ! — sleep '.' The room ewoui before my eyes. I became insensible. When I recovered, I found G ? holdingmyhandandsmiling. He said, ' You who have always declared yourself proof against mesmerism, have succumbed at last to my friend Richards.' ' Where is Mr. Richards V ' Gone, when you passed into a trance — saying quietly to me, ' Your friend will not wake for an hour. ' ' I asked, as col' lectedly as I could, where Sir. JUehards lodged, and was told at the Trafalgar Hotel. ' Give me your arm,' said I to G ? » ' let us call on him ; I have something to say. ' When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that Air. Richards liad returned twenty minntes before, paid his bill, left directions with his servant (a Greek) to pack his effects, and proceed to Malta by the steamer that should leave Southamp ton the next day. The waiter asked me my name. On my informing him, he gave me a note that Mr. Richards had left for me, in case Icallcd. The note was as follows : — ' I wished: you to utter wliat was in your mind. You obeyed. I have therefore established power over you. For tliree months from this day you can communicate to no liv ing man what has passed between us — you cannot even enow this note to the friend by your side. During throe months, eUence complete as to me and mine. Do you doubt my power to lay on you this command I try to disoltey me. At the end of the third month, the spell is raised. For the rest I spare you. I sliall visit your grave a Year and a day after it has received you.1' So ends this strange story, which I ask no one to believe. I write it down eractiy three months after I received the above note. I could not write it before, nor could I show to G ? , in spite of ? j his urgent request, the cote which X read under the gas-lamp hy his side. THE EKD. Edited, printed, and published by M. W. Buexs, at the Bcbbowa Kews Office, Burrowa, oolony nf New Sooth Wales. 