SIR HENRY ON HORSEBACK. The following scathing article was published in the Cowra Free Press in anticipation of Sir Henry Parkes being banquetted'at that town : — As a striking illustration of how far men alter their convictions in pandering to popularity, we. will take tho career of our most prominent states man— Sir Henry Parkes — and contrast his fierce dictatorial speech at the Ashfield banquet with the mild, timid, hesitating, and weak utterances s;,. Ho fl,o iovr-rloolm. n virl niouB journalist, when contesting tho representa tion of Sydney with Mr. Charles Kemp in days gone by ; and a little farther on, when arrayed in the raiment of liberality and toleration, he grovelled in the dust at the feet of the Catholic party and succeeded in securing its sympathies and warmest support. He was not dignified Sir Ilenvy then, neither \va3 he accredited with the attributes of a statesman as now. The ' Eiama ghost' is another dark event in the history of this worthy autocrat, when by a miserable strata gem lie vainly strove to cast the halo of suspicion of complicity in a foul, dastardly, and diabolical crime around some exemplary, estimablo, and in fluential citizens, simply because they were of the same nationality and creed as the maniacal fanatic perpetrator. It however created a sensa tion at the timo, aroused sentiments of intensely rancorous sectarian bigotry, fomented discord, and served Sir Henry's purpose. Sir Henry is without doubt a true reader of human nature, and has studied causes and effects to such an ex tent as to be deeply impressed with the utility of scattering broadcast the seeds of dissension and jjussiuie; oppression, witn an unsparing and lavish hand, whenever he conceives his position endangered, or his fair fame upon fche wane. Is it not an undeniable fact that the fate of tho Parkes Cabinet, but for an unholy alliance with a former inveterate foe, would long since have been sealed ? And again, whon defeat was most imminent, the introduction of the Public Instruction Act camo most opportunely to tho rescue, and created a diversion in his favour to such an extent as to enable him to pass many measures which would otherwise havo been vigorously contested ; and was it not the Elec toral Act that prevented the defeat on the 'Wool and- Coal question P Theso successes are in a great meaauro due to tho ingenuity at expedient, and clear discernment of popular tastes and opinions, coupled with a lovo of selfish aggran disement and arbitrary tyranny at the hands of a man who could to- morrow or next day turn round and pander with equal fervour to the popu lar tastes by donning tho armour of denomina tionalism if he thought thafc by so doing ho would bo fcho gainer. Wo do nofc mean to insinuate that because a man is poor ho muat bo despised ; still wo cannot bo blind to tho fact that a vory . noticeable characteristic implanted in tho majority of human nature, who have been blessed with Fortune's smiles and elevated from positive penury to positions of comparative affluence, is to despise those who have pursued an honest and straightforward career amidst many trials and vicissitudes without encountering similar favour— hence the origin of the saying, ' Place a beggar on horseback and he will ride to — ? a certain dusky gentleman with horns, cloven hoof, and caudal appendage.' Judging from Sir Henry's Ashfield speech, wo must presume that his candidature will be marked by the dissemina tion of sentiments which must prove effective in promoting disoord, and once more raking up- tho fierce spirit of virulent sectarianism for which he is already noted. It is clear that political capital must be made out of .some^hing, and' the landing of hi3 Public instruction Act at the' expense' of the denunciation of itB foesj affords aiv' excellent pretext for diverting public attention from mat ters of much inor6; vital importance' ijust ' now. Surely, now. theVquestion, is settled and is the law of the land, the religious convictions and conscien tious scruples of a considerable number of our colonists should be respected, instead of, airing his» eloquence with the ispue of; a conglomeration of rabid, pedantic nonsense,' .which cannot bufc prove offensive and distasteful to. those, who hold opposite views. Not one word is. said about tho Governmental fiscal policy, and a comprehensive. land law is of so minor a consideration as not to be doserving' of even a passing notice,- 'but: tlien such questions would vnot - have the ; effect - of inflaming persons' minds with. :a npUctn that a certain class were conniving by intrigue and 'the vilest machinations to thwart the Frcd-thoughfc tendencies of the age ;by the overthrow of their idol,. Secular Education;' ' Should tho -Pi*enlier honour us with a visit, wo trust that he .will- riot do auglit that may bo calculated 'to disturb . the harmony of our peace-abiding community. -.We have so far lived at .peacej unity, and ' concord with our neighboxirs, !ahd; 'should' regret to find any, dissension arise at this juncture, t We have somewhat ? digressed, from, our.-; subject; in. dealing with, , the ^pollticai antecedents of. f one of . our Mtlic -men V'stiU we consider' that sufficient Has be'en' adduced to prove tliat we must exer6ise' a wise i discrimination at tiie next election, r at-d: if possible avoid being; Hoodwinked by tHe; blarney of some adventurous, spirit who may .solicit our suffrages. If tried .men and true come to the fore, even thougli we should not 'agree with them on all points', ' let \is rather' place our con fidence 'in them than in such' as will promise ?everything, and. when they get in power, fulfil nothing. , ? -? - -. 