NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:-The Froliques," at the Academy of Music; banquet to Messrs Bird and Gaunt at Buninyong; Government land sale; entries close for the Mount Cameron Coursing Stakes; meeting o£ Irish Fanjina Relief Fund CoqitgUtee, City-hall, 7-30 p.m.j Philharmonic Sjcofety' 'rehearsal, Baglan street, 7.30 p.m.; meeting of farmers, Catholic school house, -Dunnstown^-'S. f ?. cc K s tc «»;• t \- The Band and; Albion'Jumpa’caae.yvaa again before the Warden on Monday, when.Mr Finlayson requested th° to pptfr up judgmeut r fqr ; the defendant company in accordance with the recent' decision given by the chief judge of the Court ;o£ Mines..; Mr Gaunt on behalf^p£; : Barton.-.objected,-, and some .technical puints-were argued by counseLi .The warden agreed to give his decision-qn.the points raised .on, Friday next athali-past2 o'clock, , arelreques|tqcj[ to sf atp that in connection' with the persohattoh case;' triedqri Rallarat Bast Police Court, at the.Ballarat'Bast election oh the 28th,ultimo, the name_ O’Conndrihtroduoed has in no manner whatever l the mbit remote"relation'to : Ji Shiel O’Connor, of O’Cdhhor’a"hotel, "Drummond street south, Ballarat West, or 53 Sebastopol street.” \- Among j the many change’s, in r the public service vbe'hew G)overnn)bnt are -said toijakaho'util'o make, not the lpa3t iippqrfcaot;will he .-that in connec tion with ;the volunteer force, , It has- been, admitted on all aidea^that ; our., citizen -Bqldiara,. aa' a "military body, have* not attained that degree'of proficiency v^hich-w,ould enable them to -repel the invasion. ,p£ a well-disciplined fqe.'. 'Some time ago'a royal commis sion waß apppinteß, Ist considerable' expense to the colony, to enquire into the 1 working of ouf volunteer syatenj, poft'w'as'aubrqUted tbl Farliaihent ph'thb'fiufiject, no action in the wky of improvement hoe been taken. At the was appointed many per-. sons were.of opinion that os a,result of; its investiga tions some,reform in,our.military : equipment wo.uld ensue. We are. now given to. understand thaii it 1 is the inteatiom pi the new Ministry to f disband the garrison 'artillery atpreaent quartered-at 1 the Victoria Barracks,, Melbourne, .and'; the looney,: thus •; s.ayed will be ex pended on.tho .volunteer force, eaeh,:mamh_er. of .which will be allowed fair remuneration for the number of ; parades'he ; may attend during the year;;J Wa.are.alao, informed that men required for-'.thaJpolice, penal de partments; &C-;, will in future be taken .from the,ranks of the volunteers, all of whom will, like the man at' the barracks, ‘have to 'pass a" medical'examination. ’The fact'of.payment for tune-lost in, attending ,to military duties, with a-oertaihty to those who desire. It of being placed in a 11 Government billet,” ought to' |end_tojireorgapis%tion of opr volunteers. Many curious love-tokens pais" between young people, but the last one we have heard of is certainly the most unique, and altogether the most original, it jjas eyer beep opr fortune to read or Rear of. The facta transpired on Monday morning at the Town Police Court. A young man, whom we will call Peter, an ardent liberal politician, and an equally ardent liberal in matters of truth and honor, took' !-,oi{taq. elector’s jight, deckring that Jhe was above the' 'pgo of '3l, a'skthruapt 3}o"llt(araf Retar knew to be a deliberate lie, but evil communications appear to have bad their proverbial effect. Too much un l wholesome, trashy liberal oratory had undermined I Peter's moral constitution,, and he fell, or from a liberal point of view WP iß'ght say roae ? in the estima tion of his fellows. This Peter was bolqved. Whethej." it was that he stillhsdsome touch of abettor nature (eft [ haunt him. with -the unpleasant, spsotre of his meaness, or tlial'he"thought 'the ’fight the most precious fhing ip his possession, we known not; but this wo know, that he presented ft to the object pi his affections, and bade her-trea?ure the token of Ip? love. How she treasured it will be found by reference to our police intelligence column. The Water Qqtqnjissfgq gas communicated vyith the City Council in reference'to ’ah-application made tq undermine Like Wendouree by Mr W. Benson. The commission requests the council to protect theinterests of the body in dealing with the question. The (jcqpc’l h,as not yet decided as to the action to be taken. ’ tjia expressed (fesjre of,Jpp City Council; have determined' torigidly- enforoethu regulations requiring drivers of vehicles to cross the Intersection p£ ’streets at a walking pace. "i The refreshment - at the; .Botanical Gardena have been leased for one year to Mr Gfeo. Gates, tips well-known fruiterer, of Bridge street. Mr CJates takas'possession at-once. ,I Th.o contractor? fqr rush-gutting at Wendouree have ceased operations. The qrorlf dppp ifas not giyep satisfaction to the City Council’s foreman of work?, Mr Wood, according -to-the report of that officer; lodged at the City Council-chamber. The mayor has arranged to make a trial of a cutting machine placed at the disposal of the council by Mr Guilfoyle, of the, Melbpnrpe 3|otajijpßl;6ardenF.'_w,hkh.will; it is thought, fulfil the requirements of the popped. '4-kthp tgeefr fng’of the council', helff bn !lilph<}ny a rather Jong dia cpssiflp,fpok plage oyer the rush-cutting question. Or Claxton twitted ■the : gophgir:with''hVyinglfleglected the lake since the abolition of prioon Jab 0r.., gr Hipkman deprecated reference to the q'uestidn' 6f‘ prison labor, which was past and done with,, while.Cr Gray came' to the rescue by proposing tkat in the ovent of Mr Quilfoylo'c machine proving non- effective,i,the council should make a trial of s reaping machine, which be 1 was sure would', with'the ala of'■ u pair >cf-; ijofses, do the work required pow.that the water was low. The council agreed to adbpt'Cr Gray’s suggearioh; ’" . .'the IriahEelief Fundbeg to ac knowledge haying rqqeiyeq from Mr" Daniel Brophy’ the spin of £23 being the secopff ffonatiop from the Chrfatku swoo|B .gf.BMldjcfc r ’ ’ We learn that over £4O worth of ticket? for the Ballarat East excursion to Melbourne was sold bp. Monday night at Mr Kosenbium’s school. This does not, of goarse, show-all-the tickets sold, as over 1300- persons will leay? by fjram this morning. i The returns from the Victorian railways for the . jyeek ending 11th March were £28,482 Ss, as against ■gij.JS?' 164- 3d lore the .■'ca'rreapbhdihg/Iwbsk of last, year. All persons having.qqjleetfng books, or propose giving donations maid of'the Irish Relief Fund, will, see by an advertisement in our advertising columns that the committee request the return of all accounts not Jater than this day (Tuesday), as they wish to hold a jlnat meeting ?pj settle oil matters in connect tion with same this avoniogi’ The anniversary tea meeting and concert of the Dovetou street.Luthcrau,.Church took, place ou Mon evening, , The tea waadaid put in. the schoolroom St. the bdpk of ' the cuurchl- There were about 150. persons preaepfc, the fablaa b s iDg presided over by the" m choir. T.Aff.er ite» jn pdiourn-, ip'ent waa'made' to ' the church; wherp u' cbncMt was J giyan by tha.thembera'-of the-choir, assisted by Mr; and Mrs Wren, TbPffla?,: and 2£r Rjlythe,.with Mr as aocompahyist. AAdreaaesi .worpalsb ‘delivered’by. Pastors Herlitz and- Mayer ministers of Melbpurpa. anR S^saantown'tsspebtiyary,' l^ Wm, Henderson,. Glasabh," and, KennedyJ : ’ahd 5 Mr Byers,' 'There 1 vyfirp’aljoht' gtfff 'prese’pfqt the popcert ' and a very pleasant eveping was spent by all. 1 •■Sir TVCfesteftd^tFe'head l teach'er of- thefGanieo Fiat State school,, reoalyed a notifioatiop on Monday from the department that he 'liad'pikaed bus examination a. first r • °^-ii y^lfimoqT’ exercised by members qf the _£(to6k' Fiohanga, 'we ‘thliy state that prior to the rescinding of the reqqlptiqp against deal-' ing in Oonsols Jumps on Monday, s member qf the- Kxohanga waa hauled oyer the ooala for having p a^ , i.was perfedtly legitimate. j TBo’ payment was mads by /birder of-the purchaser, a Melbourne, customer of the Ballarat broker/.said broker'Eolding/Boiieya belonging -to tbs purchaser/ and not therefore able to' do othe rwise an qrderdidj^rb'duced. Two 'of the 'inmates of the Benevolent Asylum were on Monday evening arrested, oh the authority of \- the -of- the -institution, -by- Senior-constable. Crowley., - It, appears .that Michael .Quinn and. Maw 0 Taw, a dfcJturbanqa/fAthV -Asylum,, and. became, rather .violent actions j towards the other inmates. „ They will be dealt with • this morning at , the. Cily'Cdurt.' . i \ Messrs W.,Siddeley ,and Cos., aye in-.receipt of a. tele • gr'am’frbmCafi'taitl Ridgersj dated A’den,‘- , l2th March, ! announcing the arrival tHera'of ’Mesara Money | and Sons’ steamship KenL from Melbburne,’£n , rpii(q j for-D6ndon.‘ ’ He reportsnll well. ■ ; r-ui ; | The Ci(y;Cbun’cil has, written tp the secretary,of the | forthcoming St. 'Patrick’s' Day Pete,; cautioning the : cpmnuttee itt ponnebtion'with the 1 gathering lhat the : grapdrstapd is hot considered safe fo;r, use, 1 and stating, j that in case of accident occurring .tbrpugh .the'/ faulty ; Condition -of the stand* the council will not 'be re | sponsible. |, .... ~ I Soma tifflo;ago the;City Council called the attention' : of tha.pplica to‘ the’ destruction' of -the trees in , the. i Sturt street garden reaeryes, .by .youngatera in search' ! pf-aoorns; and others who oiight to.know better.-. The' : sub-inspeotor of* police has notified to the;council that' every,; precaution will be taken to prevent further ; destruction. - : ;x I .The'lmperaonalion case in connection with the Bal : larat East elections was dealt .with at the Town Court : ph Monday,. andthe defendant . Pater Qaghan com ; mittad to take'hia*’triarat the forthoommg.aeqsipna t'p, | be held in . Ballarat on the,l4th May. ‘ ihnhtertainmant was given on Monday evening jit' the Wendouree' Industrial School; by the members of the Comas .Clajh, assisted *by the boys of the school. The boys, thanks, to.'tbe interest taken in their amuse meut/by Captain- andrMrs -Evans, nab sing, choruses and. .part-songs In .excellent style, and from ,the interest-and importance evinced by, the, majority'at, being considered an essential element in the-perform ance,,we doubt not but that they enjoyed themselves Very much., The ladies and gentlemen of the club will,-we-are sure, forgive us for assigning the premier place, to the boys. Praise is not a plentiful'element (a,their existenoe, .and the members of 'tbe'club, we are quite sure, do not desire to be praised for giving a few leisure hours to the amusement, of those whose lines are npt cast in pleasant places. - -it Two trains, of twenty.five carriages in all, left Bal larat on Monday morning for Melbourne, conveying the State school scholars and teachers of the Ballarat district to the Melbourne Juvenile Exhibition. About 1300,passenger3 were taken,-the majority of whom upon "arrival in the u metfbpblis‘’ wended their way to the Exhibition. Many, however, preferred to visit.their friends,, the various suburbs, and more pspeoiallyithe sea- gidb‘-places B£ob'[asj St, E/ldajabd Sandridge. The majority of the young people re turned tit a late hour last night, but many did not reach their homes until an early hour this morning. A great crowd of people were waiting at the railway station last night to meet the returning excursionists, soma of them .assembling there at as early an hour as half-past 9, which' allowed' of ‘ their’'cooling their ardour .by walking the station until half-past if. In his entry fqr the St .Patrick's Day sports, Mr R. Sharp entered in error for the Hurdle Race instead of the St Patrick’s Cup. The committee; has therefore decided that he shall be handicapped at the post for the latter event,"'f.,, TheTerriok Terripk correspondent of iha- Oeelong Tiiftes, referring to the means adopted, to 'defeat Mr The 'most and cowardly act of all was to circulate a' report- to the effect,that Mr Casey had turned: Qrangaman,'. and had beeh toan-Orange ball in; Raglehawk 'dressed-in the full regalia qf that order. .Scouts were paid to go through the whole of the ’ electorate just two days before the election,.<aud stuff the Catholics who were gullible enough to believe them-.with this wicked lie. One of the'scoiifs referred to caine'to this place and Mount Hope, and told every Catholic that they were ' sent bjpthe clergy. - ’" Henbe tlie fesiiif; *Hcdres 'of ’the ‘elecfbra ■'believed'-tqe :; report ’and- votad J against-Mr ■Casey/’-'- ■>•■ - > ■»■>. • n.-, ■ . &..i r ' * A'ddressihg hmeet'ing of' his constituents[’if Kyne ton on Saturday (aays' tha'AV^iiij’Mr'Duffy ‘the Minister of Lands, denied .that by the removal of the LoDgmore regulatibbs he had ialended' lb drive" the free selectors from the country.' On the contrary; 1 he had, ( r.emoved, the, robatacles which hampered.and: thwarted’’their business' transactions, and now’the, selector could obtain .advances on ,his .lease without the* interference of ' the Lands Departigent/ The dqe by qeleqtora’ah)6'iuit''‘ lo '4i20;704; and kfr Dufjy estieqatos that the revenue from bis department wfll probably be £250,000 leas than that "e'atimafed by - the late - Gdverhma'nti’ whbj c several quoted 'fictitious retfi'rna, -'He intimated that on’ the’ squatters’- leases falling duo they ’will- not reqejved, but ,the. country will.be subdivided into, "smaller grazing 'lots/ ‘ - - ‘■ •■- ■ ■ An illustration'of. the manner in which .the date Go vernment manipulated the 'estimated revenue of the -cq)ony|fortod current year,. in. .order,, to..make .the; community appear /prosperous, j was- - (says the ■TelegraphJ ' afforded ; the/ public by ■Mr Duffy, at 'llyiictbn, on Saturday.' He said that sincp ha had , Seen, in office he had had . a. return prepared showing ithatthe land.revenue-was £145,900 in arreqra on the .February, ,'qpd |his ! was aboqunted'for.in a Ijy' estimates, of the.Rbrry Government, which, when the officers of j 'Department haff estimated the land sales at £100,000,' 'had just doubled, the amount; bn the Estirqatep, and , added; £3,00,0 -id- ihedepartinont'al'e3timata'bf:£37/)’00 '.for-nnndesoript fees. - - • . u ~.l. j Argus) to bp -made tho victim of. very unfair tnisre preseDtation.,. Qn,Saturday Mr Dufy vyas.acgqsed ’of ' upsetting the decision of gred^egaspr.i'a regard ~to’ the,lferrisdala -Tun.,. The-, facts iareV that ;on the. 3rd . iostantrMr'Dongmore issued'a'notice calling upon the licensees to show cause ; ;why.their license should not -be-forfeited-,- and-he appointed the-23rd as the-day , for; hearing /.he jMc Duffy,jowing to thejdis tractions of the elections, found’ that he would ‘ndt/bp aljle to; hpaV-Iha 'appeal bn ; the : ■ and : therefore jVf'tMFfW/.ilS Lougnjorpis Jiqtiqe' witl) rthe 1 -!view ;of dealing" with the case'a fortnight’ later. Tb'waa afc once aasumed- By hiß'aB3ailaht,'-withbut--enquiry, that as the reason for the withdrawal was not given, Mr fjuffy iptepdgd i;(pj go .djre.etly ,ip :; tlie ,-face of the report of the Royal Op.mmiasiqn on the Eerriadale cases, j>nd the lianda of the land monopolists. The matter was refepred to by IdrDuffy in bihspeech at Kyneton. ,/.ki 1 1. ; - -- si - r | . lie ,^7-Wytipe, at one Qonueqfad with our r ovenmg : CQntei : apQrary,.and-well-kaowii-fQrbhla prowess Tn the art of swimming, has, we’aee-by the Sydney Daily Telegraph, .been 'distibguiaHiiig himself.in this iAirpfiticpfiip. Sydney.' . At the;firet ;annual opntgatat in connection with ..the Port ; Jackson: Swiraming held recently at ■W’pollqomo_oroo, we find that Mr Vjnne won tlje Champion Race, for which there'-were', six starters, by'isorijb' -t'wehjjy-five yards. The Telcgrapfy says; — 1 ‘ \jT. .\yjnne maintained throughoiil; the’ race His powerful’ an'd steady ’ aide atrofep/apd jt in ag ’ * "“Mr'Deffy and his Obireagues'.'BaVe b'e’obiue so 'ifo'eua-' tomed during their reign of-terrorism to caucuses and! secret consultation (says the Telegraph.),■ that thovare renewing the habit before .they;afe,!i fortnight blit of office. On Saturday jnbrnidg last’several of tfie'ex-, Minsters and one or twoiprominent supporters were’ closeted' for aome/imp-at ‘the ■'Rarliatgpntihgnae. n All 'tßose expeqted _had- eyidently npti tnrned' up at the sand aga|d'"bhe of the late? Ministers- would “fly rbund!’ through the library,7 la £f?? rda - ?h8 Consiiltation laated for' some tiine, apd' wijl’ Ije ’renamed from t}mo’|b‘time I S£ st ?,' sppcial'object df’thq; caucus was to- cpipe tb'an underst'andihg aa fo what idpispc?,ahall -bp raised against the ..exposures of mal administration which the members of the lata Cabinet than any other persons to be inevitable. Wef Oeeloiig Advertiser) understand that thb com-' mittoe pf manageipect pf'the railway employees’ 'ahhuil sscuralorhaVe determined upon "hpldlhjr the : anniversary .pienib. this year, Jn QeelongV ' The 1 ' excur sion will take place on-Saturday,'3rd -April;' It is;;ex pspted tljpfc ' jyil} ’miistpr' ’jjjcinf. 83QQ persons. ■, Q» .Slatuffay, %enpon feesars, Ryfb rand •TaoDipj oi i| of, the Railway Department, were met by Mr qpnnpr, the Mayor pt Qeelpng, aqd driven by that -gentleman to tha Botanical gardens,..'and shown : the }9calh{pp _ y parties pould enjoy: -themaglves. It wea decided to arrange for the esr-- cureiomsta tp presegd to (hp gardens’ on. arrival m Geelong on the 3rd proximo;; j ! . UThe conseryativa party will regret to hear (says the’ Geelong Evening Star) that. Mr R. Murray Smith com templates resigning his/seat ip ‘the Legislative As sembly for Roroondara. The reason lor tbs’ retire; S??-, W e h<? ?; SenHeman from the'political arena is : .that Be. partly, apd cohditibnally aepepted the poajtjon of Manager of a Slelboiirne bank whose Head offices ;ara in London., sShoqld Mr-Smith decide upon resigning it is, not improbable-that Mr'Henry Lawes.. known equity barrister, may bp induped to the afc&t; in the oohseryative interest.-. i, a *•. With reference to : the : case of -Mr Ri-B.:- r EUiaton; who was acauaed ’of ..complicity in'; the Weiberg rob-‘ bery, the London Daily Telegraph states that the fol lowing letter has-been;forwarded- to Mr Elliaton by. the Pemnaularand Oriental Company:—“ 122 Leaden- Ball street, 20th January/ISSO, 'Sir,—The’litigation betwean us .to all parties, we have no hesitation in expressing our belief in your entire Innocence of the charge qiade against yqn by Martin Weiberg, although, at the same time, we felt bound to act on the We did so with great reluctate “?• * 8 almost impossible that you caulrl’t/'? ii 5 such an act of dishonesty. wlhSj* »4r3 in entirely exonerating you, and muc!l plejl l you shouid have sustained any y of the false and malicious statement? m berg. We are, Sir, faithfully your , r ? ada SoTHEKLAHp, Managing Directors"’ t, Oee ot tha grandest meteors ever . ■bourne fell (says; the Telegraph I on I ! ee “ «5L between H and 12 o'clock f£m’ab oll ? 4 : the eastern horizon.’ During its raoid ! - zt "ilh k i out in fitful glares of bluish light m str„ itbI Ud 1 mmating -power as that of the moon in g ■ quarter. mooa m Us . .Monday’s Argus says:—“The Rev in. i °* 11 9?l lin ; Bbreet Independent Church well - -yesterday to his large mnJ* 1 N 5 f»&, i attendance at both services, 8 and 1 evening, was enormous. Everv r,L- 1 ® % ; church was crowded, the passages oE -i i and : hundreds . h ? d ;to be- accommoda a corridors and balconies, and many hundred I 1 ” & to leave for- want’ of. room. At the forenl ° rs|ll i the rev. gentleman preached from the ? ! (Sampson) wist not that the Lord was ,1. . him/ and in the evening Iron tNow the God of hope fill you with all jL in believing, that ye may. abound irihoL the power of the Holy Ghost.’ In brinX ttro,1 !i ; remarks to a conclusion, he said that hi, was not uttered at the Thursday’s meetinl I ; contained in those eight lines Dgl bllt 't s« Farewell for the present—it la not for ever ■A’ place la prepared for the faithfol ahn/n The house of our fathers, the home of .the ha. , ■JCho noly of llolies. et worship and lotq 3 " 1 ' ’ The pilgrims of earth,, the children of sorm» Bhall meet and rejoice and partuevermorT' Looking back on the ocean 61 trouble puaeflow. —All enemies conquered—from heaven’, i, ° T f! Mr. Jones sails for England by the Friday next.” . . ieaQ fct cj .Tenders ate invited by the Orphan Asvlnm t formation and gravelling of a road, p a S“/ ot ttl be found in our advertising columha. *2 The Ballarat Hoipital, as will be seen from . , vertisement elsewhere, invite tenders for . * tea. . utasn Pplji| We are requested to draw the attention of nw of the Ballarat Philharmonic Society to tha?^ 31 our advertising columns stating that rehean!i •? be held every Tuesday, evening until further 1 A full attendance of members is requested it,;,'* 1 ing, as after the rehearsal the rules of the be read to the meeting. ’, ’ , SoClet J « We would remind intending exhibitors at iWi..u coming Flower Show and Industrial Exhibition nectiomwith the - Lydiard street Wesleyan So s' school, that entries and applications for space S’ received at the Dana street schoolroom on W*i!r next, from 7 to 9.30 p.m., or by letter the secretary before the 18th inat. Particulars, t( b tickets will be found in our advertising columns ’ i- The. Victorian 'Asylum and School for the in announce s grand'concert in the Ballarat Academ Music,, on-. Saturday, .week, the 27th last. tuJ.- members of the asylum choir and band will takenart in .an excellent programme. The concerts given by the talented though sightless perW™ have been so excellent in their character that have no hesitation in commending the present on-f o.hr readers;’ feeling; confident they will reward blind; pupils: .with;p bumper house. -Mr ff. J, ao ia- appointed local agent;.. .’ ' The - Academy of iiusie was moderately attendedos Monday night. > The. entertainment presented by tie “ Froliques”,wa3 as mirth-provoking as ever, and dtn forth frequent and warm applause. This eyeninj ft. same programme' will be repeated, and special amni* meats will be made for St. Patrick’s night, 5 