As Jfr. Service told his entertainers that he had come down to Geclongto beard the lion in his den, we suppose it was only natural that he should take so many of bis colleagues along with him. The presence of Jlr. 1-rancis was ciouut- less intended to add to the lion's con sternation, for though he was pleased to speak of himself as perhaps the most unimportant member of the Govern ment, Mr. Service did not hesitate to let it be seen that lie set very great store upon his company. " Odds life, " Sir Lucius, if I wa'nt with you I " should almost think I was afraid." But if Sir. Francis was there in the character of a protector, in what capacity did Sir Charles Sladen figure 1 If he went as a friend no one would have gueased it from what ho said, for liis speech has a good deal more of the ring of defiance than of friend ship . in it. Poor Jlr. Service could not have been more scared at the appearance of the lion himself than he must have been when he dis covered that Sir Charles Sladen had come there to tell him that the only condition upon which the Council would accept his Reform Bill was " provided it main- " tained the independence " of that august body intact. " Nothing less " than the entire independence of both " chambers will be satisfactory," he re peated, we presume to cut off all chance of Mr. Service's mistaking his meaning. Of course it does not matter a pin's point to Sir Charles Sladen that if his programme is to be carried out it would end clearly in a return to the status quo ante helium. If the Upper House had not held out for perfect independence of the Lower, or, what is the same thing, if it had not claimed co-equal authority with the Lower, there never would have been any deadlock, or any occasion to take the hon. James Goodall Francis down to Geelong to frighten away the Liberal lion. F3t what has Mr. Francis himself had to say to this "doctrine before now 1 We find him averring, after the rejection of a Mining on Private Property Bill, an Amended Land Bill, and two other bills by the Council, "If it (the Council) " continues to deal with measures of " public policy on the assumption that " it represents only one class of the " community, r' lit is quite certain that " legislation'i'nthe future will be simply " impracticable'. " The hon. James Ser vice is reported in Hansard to very much the same effect : " If there is any- " thing to which the Assembly was " pledged more than another, it was to " the great principle that the Upper " House had been to some ex- " tent obstructive id years past, " and that an alteration of the constitu- " tion was necessary, so far as would " enable legislation at a certain given " stage to be proceeded with, even "though the other House would not " consent."- It would have been cruel to disturb the equanimity of the ban queting hall, but we should like to know how the five shilling ticketholders would have felt if tho ghost of Sir. Ser vice's language just six years ago had risen up to confront him in the act of filling his glass to Sir Charles Sladen's honor 1 "I defy any one to say that " any measure which was for tho good of " the country had ever been obstructed " by the Council ; and in one sense I " hope its members will never lose the '' character of obstructives." These are Sir Charles Sladen's words new, and they furnish prettly material for a quarrel over the champagne with a vengeance. "You " have rejected 'so many bills tbat legis- " lation is' impracticable," shouts Mr. Francis. " I defy you to say it," re-" torts Sir Charles Sladen. " You have " been obstructives on principle," echoes Mr. Service, and the answer is, " I hope we shall never be otherwise." We need scarcely say that we do not aspire to settle the disputes of the gods over their nectar. Times change, and men change with them. The year of our Lord 1880 finds Mr. Service and Mr. Francis clinking glasses with the politician whom they de nounced in 1874 as tho sworn foe to all good legislation. In 1874 Sir Charles Sladen was the lion in tho den; in 18S0 it is Mr. Berry whom every true friend to his country is invited to beard. But let that pass. "What we want to know is, how are wo to reconcile Mr. Service's assurance to the banqueters on Monday night, that ho will settle the reform question within tho nest three months, with Sir Charles Sladen's candid rejoinder that it will never receive the assent of the Council if it does not provide for its entire independence 1 Are we to infer that Mr. Service will accept Sir Charles Sladen's terms, and make due provision in his bill for securing him what he demands l In that case what becomes of Mr. Service's boast that " the " only truo Liberalism lies with the " gentlemen who form the present " Ministry and the gentlemen who sup- " port them 1" If the gentlemen who form the present Ministry were sincere in their former convictions that the Upper House was obstructive and legis lation must bo proceeded with without its consent, we venture to tlnnk they will find some difficulty in making the world believe that a measure which is to continue its powers of obstruction is a Liberal measure in any sense of the word. Tho gentlemen who sup port them may be pardoned for a little confusion of- ideas at the sirjlit of Mr. Francis hob- nobbing with Sir Charles Sladen in the cause of democracy ; but unless tho aims of democracy have grown to be exactly the reverse of what they were half a dozen years ago, their consti tuents will certainly look for some more lucid explanation than Mr. Sen-ice lias given for theni at Geelong. A reform bill tliat will satisfy Sir Charles Sladen is a bill for perpetuating deadlocks, not for curing tliem. It is a bill for secur ing to the Council the veto which it has so successfully used for humiliating the Assembly ; and we say emphatically, aud without "the slightest factious motive, that we look upon the cordial re-union of Sir Charles Sladen with Messrs. Service and Francis at the present, juncture upon those terms as one of the worst auguries that could have presented itself to the . party of peace and conciliation in the country. It realises tho darkest apprehensions of even moderate Liberals, and it must go a great way to shake their faith in moderation ; for, if it means ything, it is that under the pretence of Liberalism the Service Government is secretly pledged to the reactionaries, and has consulted their interests in framing the scheme of constitutional reform which will be palmed off on the Assembly in a week or two as the best possible check upon the arrogant claims of an obstruc tive Upper House. ALTirorr.n thcineeting of delegates from the. farmers' unions of the colony, held yesterday afternoon, was not very numerously attended, a sufficient num ber of farmers' representatives were pre sent to show that the agricultural class is by no means wedded to a free-trade policy. The meeting in question was called at tho instance of the Ararat farmers' union, in order that arrange ments might be made for petitioning the Government to impose an extra import duty on all feeding grains; and although some of those present came prepared to discuss the case of free-trade versus protection, all who re mained until the termination of the proceedings, representing a very largo number of practical farmers, expressed their willingness to assist in carrying out the objects of tho Ararat union. We have been repeatedly told by the Conservative press that the farmers are free- traders to a man. Tliey have been sn often reminded of tho grievances which they are called upon to endure through the'supremacy of a protectionist policy, and., have been so persistently condoled with on their consequent suf ferings, that the rabid free-trade journals must be somewhat startled to find a considerable section of ' the farmers advocating protection for themselves. Yet such appears to bo the case. These farmers' uaions, which owe their establishment in no inconsider able degree, to the efforts of the more energetic wirepullers of the free-trade party, are scarcely answering the expec tations of their founders. Instead of blessing free-trade they are commencing to curse it. The movement to which we are now referring, for increasing the im port duty on feeding grains, has only taken root within the last few .weeks, and it is growing rapidly. Of course many of tlie unions aro still controlled to a very great extent by their free- trade founders, but the leaven of pro tection has entered into their compo sition already. The farming class is a very independent one all over tho world — composed of men prone to think for themselves in all that concerns their calling, and resentful of dictation from outside when they have formed their opinion upon any particular ques tion affecting tlicm. One of the dele gates who spoke at yesterday's meeting described the Lancefield farmers' union as a little free-trade clique, with which tho majority of the practical farmers would have nothing to do. There are, it is to be hoped, but -few of such cliques, although the intention of the free-trade party in advocating their establishment was that all these unions should answer that description. It is natural that the farmers should organise for the protection of their own interests, as do the members of every trade and business which has been established in the colony. And though these unions were for the most part started under unsatisfactory auspices, we have no fear but that in the long run they will reform themselves. The Australian farmer undoubtedly enjoys certain advantages which are not possessed by tho same class in. England. But he has his difficulties to contend with nevertheless, and in the early stages of his career a few bad seasons may make them overwhelming. In England, we know that the old system of farming is on its last legs. Something must be done for the protection of the British agriculturist, whether by the imposi tion of import duties on the grain of protectionist America, or by alterations in the tenure of land, or the tenant fanner will be swept off the soil. And so here the farmers are entitled to some protection. But whether they are justified by their own interest in the re monstrances which they propose to address to the Premier this afternoon is a question which wo do not propose to discuss at present, although wo shall watch with considerable curiosity the result of the interview between Mr. Service and the deputation. A frantic outcry has recently been raised in free- trade quarters against the proposal that tenders for the supply of Exhibition chairs shall he restricted to local manufacture, and that no Chinese labor shall be employed in their con struction. The proposed specifications have been described as having emanated from a " protectionist clique " and an " Exhibition clique," and a perfect tirade of abuse and vituperation has been hurled at the devoted commissioners. Calm and thouglitful-minded people cau hardly understand such paroxysm of. ex citement on account of a proposition which cannot but recommend itself as being reasonable and perfectly com patible with the object of the Exhibition. How the imposition of conditions of tendering "which might form part of any ordinary contract can be described as a violation of an act of Parliament can hardly be explained on any logical ground whatever. , Really, such an argu ment is the very essence of nonsense and absurdity, and requires only to be men tioned to refute itself. Surely an ordinary contractor has a right to say whether he will have his goods manufactured by Gkinamon or Englishmen, in the same way as an employer has a right to deter mine the characters and qualifications of his workmen. There is nothing in this either against the spirit of the common law or against the provisions of an act of Parliament. On tho contrary, such a right is founded on the first principles of reason and common sense. So much for the Chinese branch of the question. The Argus seems to have assumed the championship of the alien hordes of China with an earnestness and elo quence which must commend its efforts- to the denizens of Little Boiffke-street, and which will no doubt be appreciated by the crowds of unemployed who see the bread taken from them by these cheap labor Chinamen. The other aspect of the case is the propriety of restricting competition to local manufacturers. The object of such a condition of tendering is, no doubt, to give local furniture- making firms an opportunity of showing to the world what they can i do in the way of chair-making. It will hardly be denied, we apprehend, that, all things being equal, the contract for the supply of Exhibition chairs should be given to a local firm, and the desire that these articles should be made here, and by Victorian labor, is founded on a true patriotic feeling. If local resources aud workmanship are not able to supply the chairs required, the com missioners will be bound to go elsewhere for them. The action of the commis sioners, therefore, can be defended on general principles, and it is not without precedent to justify it. When the Francis Government was in office, Mr. Langton being Trcasuer, tenders were called for the supply of locomotives. A tender was received from England, and another from the Phrenix Foundry, Ballarat The amount of the English tender was considerably below that of the Ballarat, yet the Government ac cepted the highest tender. The circum stances and conditions relating to the tenders for the supply of furniture for Government House may be also referred to with some interest. On 3rd it arch, in the financial year 1 S7 4-5, during the reign of the Kerferd Administration, two tenders were accepted for the sup ply of furniture to Government House, viz., Messrs. M'Ewan, at £S345 Is. 5d. ; Messrs. Geo. Thwaites and Son, £9421. 10s. Gd. ; the total for the two contracts being £17,76G lis. lid. Now these tenders were not advertised for in the usual way, no record of them being in the Gazette or newspapers of the day, as far as our investigations go ; on the contrary, tenders vtere invited by private circular issued to various furni ture firms. The contract was signed and accepted by Mr. Anderson, the then Commissioner of Public Works. There was no express condition in the specifications to the effect that the fur niture was to be of local manufacture, but tbe exclusive manner in which ten ders were Invited shows that it wr.3 the iiitetition and desire of th'6 Government as far as possible fo obtain locally manufactured furniture. On 27th May, 1S75, Jlr. Kerferd, in reply to a ques tion put to him by Jlr. Tucker, said, " that the whole of the fittings and " furniture for the new Government " House would, wherever it was pos- " sible, be of local manufacture." (Han sard, vol. xxi., p. 42). Subsequently, in April, 1876, Jlr. Anderson, in re ferring to this matter, in reply to a question put by Jlr. Sargood in tbe Legislative Council, denied that there was anything underhand in tlie way tenders were accepted, and said " that " every economy had been practised " consistent with what was necessary " for the proper furnishing of such an " establishment." Jlr. Sargood was called to order for using the word " underhand." From these events it will be seen that after all the action of tho Exhibition Commissioners is not so monstrous and disgraceful as repre sented, even when compared with what preceding Conservative Jlinisters have done. 