DOWN THE DANUBE ' A correspondent of the San 'JPrandaco ? Chronicle, writing rfrorn Vienna, says : — The .opening of tho Prater on the 1st of May proved a failure, aa it ins done for the past ' 'three -years. It rainod, and thus rendered the . Bpring toilets impossible. At the unveiling of the Beethoven monument in the Beethoven ! plalz, at ten o'clock in the morning, the sun ?shone, and a goodly crowd.fiUed the adjoining* streets and the windows of surrounding house3. ?The choral societies of Vienna, the chief musicians, were all present, and the Archduke Carl Ludwig appeared for tho Emperor, who was prevented from taking part in .the cere mony owing to slight indisposition. The fol lowing week their Majesties went to Budapest, ' and the social world followed them. Pesth is one of the most delightful cities of Austria in itlie spring months, especially during race week. Hungarian noblemen own the finest horses in tho empire, and during tho races tho Hungarian ladies hold a second carnival. It js dance, ' tlanco, dance from night to morning, and drive -to tho races after matinee breakfasts. A party . of young people, among whom I. had the honor ? of being ohaperone, decided to go down the Danube by steamer, instead of taking the train to Pesth. They were going to visit friends during race 'wce'k, and consequently were full ?of Joyous anticipations and innumerable plans for the coming carnival. It .was a .perfect May .morning, a veil of rosy haze, .. . not yet lit up with sunlight, -hung over .the ?woodlands of tho Prater and almost 'hid from our view tho heights of the Kohlenberg, as we sailed between the. green banks of , the Danube canal to Simmering, at which place wo found the steamer 'for Budapest. At Sim mering we see the island of Lobau, which, in ; '. 1809, served Napoleon as a rallying point for' V his army, after his defeat in the battle of Aspern, the small village which lies behind the islandL It is here that lie crossed tho jDannhe and fortified the surrounding banks Xremains of that.fort are still founds, until he gained strength to crois the stream a second timennd regain his lost '.laurels fy defeating , . the.A.ustriauaat'Wagram. On the right hank ' of the river, a little Mow Simmering, is tho 'site of the Turkish camp, where Soliman pitched 'his tent in Ills first siege of Vienna. There was little of interest until we : reached .Hamburg, unless the Castle of Count Otto Icdun, with its '3S5 windows, could he called ;£O.. It looked more like a .glass nonse, as we ' passed it in the morning sunlight,than o castle j inhabitcdlfy human 'beings. At'Dfintchalien- ! Irarg we caught siglit of an oldHoman rotunda, '. the remains of Iloman baths, anfl a very old ?Gothic churoh in the -centre of a .graveyard of past centuries. Hamburg, situateS iipon the ; -end of tho Leithagebirgc with Thebau on a' «pnr of file small Carpathians, forms the Porta Hungarica, tlirongh which the Danube ;flows 'into the land of Hungary. Itis ono of tho ' moat ancient towns on the river. History de clares it to lie of Celtic origin, and.later, with Beutehaltenburg and Petronell, it became tho Homan Carnatuna. Upon the wooded hill which rises beside the present town are the _': rapcr.b ruins of the Uoman Acropolis, batlis , and antigulties , of great value, among them an v altar fount] on tho terrace of tho Acropolis ? f ?'' '.placeQ Hero by Marcus Aurcliua in t '178, are exhibited to visitors. AVo .saw ' VnotWijg, 'however, beyond the Acropolis, t^Vand remains of ihe^jvaJls, 'for .Hamburg wai' ', ionce;a -walled city, AniU&lqv; Sho .town on V ' ' grassy prornontory tlio column rafaed to ths memory of tho Eoman Emperor Probus, whose soldiers planted the first grapevine in Panonia. In this old city, if wo can believe the ' Nihelungenlied,' Konig Etzel, the Attila of history spent a night on his way to fight Queen - Chriinhilda, -and? -wo .^are? toldi that la portrait- of tUiis. 4 great j hero _ is , carved over one of the gates of the city, i The ruins of- Castle Hotlieljitein, and a magni ficent castle built for Prince Eugene of Savoy, were quickly passed as our steamer Beared tho spot where tho river March joins the Dannbe at tlie foot of the oteep rocky promontory upon which the celebrated ruins of Theban stand. By what mysterious force were building ma terials ever raised to that height ? We are assured that it -wos-built by theSdaves in tho sixth century, and by them named Dowina, gungfraucribcrg, Five hundred years later it came into the hands of tho Hungarian family of Bathory, and soon after into that of -the Palffys. A romantic love story clings to theso dark-grey walls. A gay young knight loved ami carried off a nun. The church commanded him to give her -up ; ho refusal, of course, and the castle was blockaded. This blockade was continued until starvation prevented further resistance. Then the lovers mounted to tlie summit of the great towor which rises on the extreme point of the rocky promontory, and claspedin each other's arms sprang into tho Danube. It is the most frightful leap imagi nable ; we fairly shuddered as we looked up to the dark ruin of this 'tower, still standing liken sentinel on the verge of tlie now green hill side, lly young companions had not ceased speaking of this legend when the city of Press burg came in sight, tho ruins of its old castle, like an overturned tea-table, rising high above ±ho town. It was in this castle that Marie Theresa presented .her infant Josef to tho Magyar magnates, and caused that memorable scune in which they drew their sword's shouting, ' Wo will diofor our King !' This castlo was destroyed by fire in 1811. Pressburg, like Hamburg, is of Celtic origin, and was .formerly called 'Wratislawburgero, but was conquered and secured by the Hun garians. Matlrias Corvinus often held court hero.and after the Turks took possession of Ofen, Pressburg became the crowning city of Hungarian kings. It haB sustained many sieges during tlie wars in the oariy histoiy of Hungary, but never passed out of Magyar hands after they won it from tho Celts and Sclaves. After leaving Pressburg the scenery on the river became quite Himgarian, and strangely similar to that of the Upper Missis sippi, The woods on the banks were greener than those we had left on tho Austrian shore, and from under tho 'furred osiers fringing the stream long, flat boats glided out to the river. They were rowed by peasants in broad- brimmed hats and long blue aprons like a dress skirt ; one would have thought them women except for tho long niustachios with waxed ends, and th«ir dark- blue cloth jackets, with large silver buttons in bunches of three, f : ont and back, and on shoulders and hips. Further down tho river were little mills for grinding tho grain brought by these peasant boats. They are small, barn-like buildings on the very edge of tho bank, over the water, sometimes; indeed, raised above the water itself and connected with the land by a boat-bridge. The wheels that turn these mills are gigantic, seemingly as large as the mill itself. They turn very slowly, and rise out of the water, their hroad paddles dripping with glistening drops of water, re calling to my mind Heine's lovely little poem : Tlio mill-wheel dripping with diamonds, TYlUch in tho Bolden smiset shine ! As we sailed past Eoab we caught a glfmpso of St. Mar'ton or MartinBburg, the celebrated Benedictine abbey, built by Stefan the Holy. One of the young ladies of our party had visi ted tho convent and gave us a charming de scription of. an ivory .altar there, carved in the year 957, containing a pictorial history of tho life of Christ; This church also contains priestly vestments from the time of Stefan I., A.iv. 1000, and his wedding mantle of white satin, embroidered in pearl nnd silver thread ; also the throne-like seat ho occupied in tho choir whenever he. visited this church. Our steamer soon reached 37-jmorn, which since tho time of Mathias C'orvinus has been tho most important fortress of Hungary. One glance was enough to convince ono that it was im pregnable. It has never been taken.' On either side of the town Bmall grassy promon tories run out into the river liko protecting anas, and these are but as outer coverings to tho 'fortress walls, the green hanks presenting a row of cannon. Prom this portion of the river the journey was most uninteresting until wo reached Grau, and hero tho whole town, which ?was once a fortress, seemed now all cathedral. It was certainly a magnificent building, and as we steamed towards it late in the afternoon, the windows blazing with rays of the settin' ?sun, the .gilded cross of the dome flasHin^in light, it seemed apalaco not made with hands, but as if let down upon gorgeous sunset clouds fromheaven. The cathedral is modelled from St. Peter's in Rome, and was thirty- five years in building. It stands on a rocky plateau far above the river, and this plateau slopes in .grassy terraces to the banks of the stream. It is said 'to contain many superb paintings and altars, and Canova's tomb to tho Archduke Ambrosius, Primate of Hungary, utarids in the Btcfans chapel. Adjoining tho cathedral is the Archbishop's palace, 'the seminary build-' ings, with library and picture gallery, and a large extent of garden, the high walk of -which shut out the beauty of those classic shades from the curious observers. It was for tho: consecration of this cathedral thatthe'Maestro Franz Litzt wrote the 'Grancr'SIass,' one of his finest compositions, Aftorlcaving Gran the Danube flows between lrjgh wooded hills and rocky promontories. Upon these banks are -a few ancient villages romantically situated in little tjays and curves of tho river but nothing especially worthy of interest until the Tveira.'ghastfy ruins of 'Visigrad were defined againstthe deep grey clouds.floating above the roel-y hillside ftom -which this castlo rises. Visigrad, the high casHe, is of 'Sclavonic origin ' -and -was the Etzelsburg of tlio 'jSibelun- genlied.' It has played a prominent part in' theliistory of ^Hungary. It was the favorito summer home of Hungarian Kings, and Ma-1 tliias Corvinus expended such sums upon it' that tho 'foreign -ambassadors at his courtr woro ' bewildered by its beauty, and the Papal Legato named it ' Earth's Paradise.' It was hero that Carl of Anion, chosen King of Hungary, in 1307, 'held ' his supefb tournaments and festivals. Xike'Theban and many other castle ruinB in Hungary, Visigrad has horrible leaends connected -with it, ana the ghosts of tws women are said towandcr -about its tow-j en, Otto:a;prmceE3,-'the other apcasant. I give theso legends as they were told to mo whilo sailing nndor tho gloomy towers, tho quiet stars looking down and tho moonlight stream ing through broken arches, and silvering the ragged stones of tho mighty ruin above us. The- story, .edKLady Clara, theNdaughter of Felician Zach^is the saddest of all tragedies; Sheiwa3 tho Savon te maid of honor of Queen .Emma, wife of|King Eoberttpf iHungary^Sho^ was loved by Ladislaws of Poland, the Brother of the Queen. She did not return his love, but through an evil intrigue of tho Queen was de ceived by the Prince and sent back to Jier, father disgraced, for LadislawB refused to marry her. Her father and brothers diecovei-ingthat she had been betrayed determined to bo re venged on the royal family. One day, as they sat at table, I'elicianand his sons rushed upon them with drawn swords, and although held back by tlio attendants they succeeded iu slightly wounding the King and cutting off three of the Quoeu's lingers. - For this at tempted assassination the groyheaded father and his sons were instantly executed, and the unfortunate Clara, fastened to the heels of a wild horse,,mot a frightful death. The: oHier: legend relates to the nnknightly behavior iof! Mathias Corvinua. Disguised as a huntsman he won the heart of Vilina, a .lovely peasant ? girl, who lived on the banks of the Danube, op posite Visigrad. Ho nsedto row across the river to 'her every evening, and -'promised to marry her as soon as ho could gain the King's consent to their union. At last the, young girl, driven to suspicion and doubt by the hints and repeated assertions of her com- , panions, that it was the King himself who was : her lover, determined to cross the river, al-; though he had forbidden her ever to do so, and ' herself , gain tho permission of the great King, Mathias, to her marriage with his forester. As slie was admitted to the festival hall, where he sat siirrounded by lords and ladies, she imme diately recognised her lover in the person of the King. Slirieking with wild laughter, she rushed iipon him., crying out, ' Thy bride, Mathias, has come to the wedding,' then to' the musicians,' Now play us a Csardas !' She caught the King by the arm, and raising her j Tiand to his face pronounced a most frightful I curso upon him and his house, then ?with the ' swif tness of tho wind she rushed across tho j hall and sprang through the open window over ? ; the parapet into the Danube 200 feet below. ' :Tho King left his favorite castle -that very day, ? and- never-retumedtoit.-again. The old Soli-. , man tower, six stories high,- that .stands lower j down on the-bank of the river, is so called be cause in tho twelth century Prince Solimivn was imprisoned here for a year and a-half by hi3 cousin, King Lazlo IV., against whom I ho had rebelled. In 1520, Sultan Soli man conquered Visigrad, and it be-* ; came a stronghold of tho Turks until Duke Carl of Lothringen in 1684 freed I Hungary for ever from these barbarians. It was too dark before wo reached Waitzen, I the next point of interest on the river, to see j very much of the city, except its church towers and the outlines of its houses. It -was ' one of the largest of the Eoman settlements in Panonia, end remains of Eoman aqueducts, with monuments dedicated to Mars and Venns, ate numerous. A'tablet on ono of theso col ?! trains tolls us it wa3 tho headquarters of the i Second EomanXegion. The lovely isle, Mar I garet, whew Princess Margit, daughter of j.Bolary., xaiscda convent, :seemed only amass of waving treeB os we passed it in the moon light ; a few lamps twinkled through the dark branones, but we could form no idea of ita I boauty and ths beauty of its convent ruins I until wo saw thorn on tho following morning in the sunlight, with the whole island like a ; ' garden of delight,' as tho Turks called it, floating on tho blue waters. The lights of Ofen on our right and Budapest on our left were welcome enough, for nothing ia ,mor,e tedious than sailing along an unknown stream i j iu the-eveuing; one tries to «ec -every- object, I ! and everything looks alikoin the darkness.! i Carriages awaited us 'upon landing ;at Ofen, j and an hour later my young ladies, in the most | bewitching of spring toilets, wore waltzing at } a Soiree dansante, while I sat watching them from the adjoining salon, and listening to the ; delightful music of the eigauy (CJypsy) band, j Octavia Heshbl 