SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, 2nd September. Sir Thomas Elder has consented to b elected a member of the racing committee ee the Jockey Club. Six hundred and twenty entries have been received for the Industrial Exhibition in con nection with the Chamber of Manufactures, to be held on Tuesday next. The South Adelaide Football Cl0uh intend take legal proceedings against the Football Association for expelling them from the asso ciation. In the Assembly to-day, the Treasurer referred to the death of Mr. Judah Moss Solomon, regretting the loss in him of a good colonist and a most valuable public officer. Sevral other. members spoke in similar terms of the deceased. The Adelaide and Surburban Tramway Company declared a dividend of 4s. per share on the half years operations. A resent arrival from England, writing to the Gedong Advertiser on the practice of locking the doors of railway carriages, says:-" Coming from the old country I am surprised to find the railway autheri.' ties here add very much to the risk of travelling by looking both doors of the compartments, so that in many emergencies that may arise, escape is simply impossible Is it any use trying to get such an absurd method altered? In England, both aides were kept looked (despite many protests) until the sad catastrophe known as the Ahbrgale disaster occurred when, as the result of a collision a train having petroleum caught fire, and the people, unable to escape as both doors were locked, were burned to death. Since that event all trains have the carriages left unlocked on one side. Had the recent Lara collision resulted fatally, no doubt a stir would have been made to get the alteration needed, but fancy the intense anxiety of the passengers, knowing a collision must occur, from which with locked doors, escape was impossible, de liberately posing themselves and preparing for the shock as best they could. Would it not be better to adopt the plan which is found to work so well in Engldnd, rather than continue the present risk, and some may have a serious loss of life. A ghost story comes from Nagambie, and is told by the local paper as follows: "Persons visiting the railway station. and who have had occasion to visit that locality at night have been greatly frightened at seeing a 'ghost.' A few evenings ago it appeared near the end of the railway plat torm and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in height, arrayed in. pure white. The form was that of a female with, as far as could be discerned, a deathlike face. It was noise less in: its movements but glided with wondertul rapidity. One of the porters, who has a considerable amount of courage, pro ceeded in the direetion of the apparition, and when within easy range fired at it, but to his.astonishment after the smoke had cleared away he found the apparition was close to him. He was perfectly terrified, and, dropping his gun, made for his friends at lightnng speed. One night last week as the half-past nine cab filled with ladies ,nd zentlemen, was travelling along the railway road towards the town, a short way from thestation, the spectrum again appeared on the hill side about fifty yards from the cab, and as the conveyance picoeeded so did .the figure. This frightened the pasesngrrs and especially the driver, so that he drove. I his horses at a furious pace, soon losing e sight of the apparition. It is currently a reported that the stationmaster has applied e to be removad.--Age. The 1anilton Spsctafor is responsible for the following :-" It is refreshing to hearin these bad times the' tnrme people have luck. The metropolitan solieitors' firm that pulled tha bank managi r WhfI t1rot.gh the case re Hoddle has hr?n g~,?rrniuily treated ly the grateful rpeipient of a fortune 0s over £100.000 per annuni. Whit, has paid like a prince, and the firti in question has, in its turn, maird a pres,ýnt of "' )t eealt to the lawyers' clerks that were engaged in the ca?e." The CUrewick ~Adrhlcer> r grets to leer'a that searlatina still lilners in the district. 'On Sunday nmorning a tine ti-tpp hoy tf Mr. Breden's, Kingston, secrumbed to this fell disease. a B3nzaum fijaeds--A toper's eompationas. is When an estate expires. io there any t ground for a CnroneornT in?iE'st ? at _ - 