WHY KEEP INDIA 1 ? ThiB question is one which has often, been ^ debated by well-meaning senti mentalists. It has been ventilated, alike froia tie! point of view of the people of Iiidia'snd ; of the English taxpayer, . aud very diverse conclusions have been arrived at concerning it Barely, however, have any of the theorists and parlour politicians who advocate the severance of Iadia from Great Britain ventured . to dia-; cuss the matter seriously in print. In the October number of the Contemporary Re view Mr. Grant Allen takes up his parable on that side of the .subject, aad recommends that the. English should a3 speedily as possible divest themselves of the pever tli^y now hold over India, and j 1 allow the country to govern itself, or in continently fall a prey to Russia. ' If any other nation choose to take tbe risk, let them take it,' he says. ' To us Iadia has been .the' one false lure which has tempted 113 from our natural pati of peaceful industrial development iuto a career of military enterprise and tin?el Imperialism. It must go in the end, and the sooner people can be brought to believe it the better.' It is difficult to know on what the author of this lugu brious prophecy bases ' his conclusions. He does not advance a single fact to justify his contention, .which can only ba set down as the hasty and jaundiced view of a prejudiced observer. At present there is absolutely nothing to' sustain the assertion thai England's hold upm Hindostan is so feeble as to be easily shaken off. Nor is there any proof that the natives of India — thit is, tha paa3- able and thoughtful portion of them — are in the least degree dsstrous of throw ing off their allegiance to Great Britain and assuming the management oE their own affairs. It must ba born e in mind that the British have completely changed the former order of things in India. It would be an extremely diflbult thins for £tho people to take upon therasslrca tho functions of self-government. Tae old ritfime — the several independent sovereignties previously in existence — could not be restored, ani it would be manifestly absurd to suppose that any one mtivo ruler could obtain absolute control ia Ilia dostan. Even were that practicable, it might safely be predicted that so b-j ju as the British had completely withdrawn themselves from India there wouM bj plotting and counterplotting in every direction, so that betore long tho country would be reduced to a more complut -Ay chaotic state than it presented 011 the advent of the British. This is a vio v of the case which cannot be seriously con troverted by any one who poss3i3e3 a knowledge of what has occurred iu the past It i3 an easy matter to talk of givingup possession of Iudia, but unless the contingency of permitting the country to go to ruin is treated as one with which England has no concern the difficulties in the way of carrying out a policy of deser tion are insuperable. It is undeniable that India hasbeen al lowed to become a burden upon England ; but this is almost entirely traceable to tho needless war in ' which its rulers have engaged. Xo doubt, too, times of scarcity and famine have occurred, when the people of India have been to a great ex tent dependent upon the bounty of Anglo Saxons at home aad abroad. But after all too much may easily be made of this. A like argument in favour of relinquishing all further Governmental connection with Ireland might be urged with equal force. Nor is it a consideration worthy of atten tion that the time has gone by for the ready accumulation of princely fortunes in India. There is something cynically Belfish and mercenary in such a con tention — and yet practically that is the view of Mr. Grant Allen. He aays that 'the traditions of the sup po. ed enormous wealth of India, and the memory of the great fortunes actually made when it was being drained of its accumulated precious metals by Western adventurers, have not yet died out in Eng land ; and iu spito of the constant famines, the threatened bankruptcy, and the abso lute necessity of relieving tho Indian exchequer by a gift under the disguise of a loon, the vast mass of Englishmen and voters still unthinkingly imagine hungry and tax-burdened India to be an ex ceedingly wealthy country.' The other jugtmients brought forward by tbo writer iu favour of hiV view that England should leave India to itself are equally vulnerable. He tells us that 'tour pride is flattered by the thousands of square miles of territory and the two hundred and fifty million in habitants of British- India. We base our whole foreign policy upon the sup posed and unquestioned- necessity for retaining our unwieldy and bankrupt Eastern dependency. \Ye entangle our selves in ? complications with Russia, Austria, Turkey, aud France for the sake of keeping open tlie road to India. We mix ourselves up with Suez Canal shares ; we annex Cyprus ; we enter into phantom protectorates of Asia Minor and Syria, &c.;' Now, it is obvious that the writer is here confounding the wisdom of the policies which have hitherto been followed by the British Govern ment with the broader ' question as to the expediency of retaining our hold over India. The annexation cf Cyprus and the extension of a British protectorate over Asia Minor were points in tha Imperial policy of Lord BeaconEfield, wlicb. have not been endorsed by his successors or by. tho country, although both are nevertheless favourable} to the retention of India. The truth is that the obligations assumed by tlw late Ministry in connection with Turkey were absolutely uncalled for, so far as British relations with liindo atan are concerned. Ia other parts of the article the writer adopts the plan of raising false if 8UC3, and dragging iu ia support of his position considerations which upon examination are found to be irrelevant There is no doubt that the retention by Great Britain of her. hold on Aaia is a costly thiwr, that it entails upon her in numerabJe difficulties, and that it i3 a source of constant dread to those who are afraid of the oft-predicted collision with Russia, into which the possession of India must sooner,, or later drive the mother country. But it must cot be for gotten that England has taken upon herself serious obligations with regard to India of which ehe cannot .with honour divest herstif. It is not as if the country had been wrested from another Power to whose charge it mi^ht be again committed. ? India1 ha3 been taken from the Indians who proved them-' sc-lvts utterly unfit to govern it Since its conquest a new system' of management has .been introduced, and were England ?to withdraw, her protecting, and con trolling hand matters would, it is to be feared, relapso into . even worse confusion than .that which marked the conduct of affairs prior to the esta bliahmeritof Eritiah rula. ' Tha fact Is the mother country, hua incurred a moral debt towards India which she cannot repudiate. We ogr-.e witli Xr. Grant Allea that it * is not a ' noble thing/ 'to Ub starving Bongjili peasants without & political voice of their hard-earned Bait in order to pay the expenses of a showy and meaningless Imperial policy ;' but the manner in which to avoid doing this is not by pusillanimous and. dis honourable withdrawal from the govern ment of a country, which has become an integral part of tho British dominions. Eettbic or thb Govkbkob.— Hi* Etcellffncy Sir 'Wi!luun- Jt-rvou armed in AdeUMa on Thursday afternoon, .November IB, after bii recent trip to Melbourne arid tbe South-Kiitero Dutricta of tbU colony. Hl« Excellency cime by tbe b,i. Governor Mn»gr*ve from Kiugston ta Port Victor, Mid thence br tnmfluy to dtrath albjn, where bit ova carriage was aw-utiiiz his arrival. Thb Ho3fEW»H» Mao..— The R.M.S. Malwa, which sailed from Adelaide on Sunday, arrived At Albany at 4.30 oa Thursday sf Sernoou. Thb Avbtuxuk Elbvhm.— As muouocad ia yesterday's Eeyitttr, tbe &.tutr«]i»n Kleren, ia company «riih several members of the Cricketing Anoriatioa and other friendu, spent Thursday at Mount Lofty. To-day they play at Gawler »gaiiiit tweutj-ttro Northern pUjirn. Among tbe xuuiy courtesies shown to tliu Australian Eleven in AdtUtde, they have bttu granted the free we cf the City JUithj. Thb Baixaiiat Cricket Match.— It will be seen from the nxires in another column that the South Australian Cricketers succeoded yester day in topping the Ballarat total ot 253 by C3 rno«. Tbe game thus Brandt drawn, as it wai only a two-d»j a fixture. The South Australians leave MelLoun e oa Saturday. SurBBMB Oolut Oivit 8iTTixas.^-The Oivil Sittings were continued ou Thursday before His Honor Mr. Joet ice Boueint, when tho cue of the Browse IsUud Guano Company v. Smith was mentioned a« having been wttfcd out of Court, and thb suit of Hall v. Winter and Another lor tliu revocation of letters of admi iu»tidtion of the estate of tha luto Thoom Reeves, of Glentlg.aud for an order lor probate of his will, wtt* tUcided in favour of the plain tiff. TheCoutt will sit agaiu tlrii uumiuK at 10 o'clock. Thb StUATA Kkqciby.— 'We lmr tbit the enquiry n.totle charge agaiunt O--)«iin Fowler will be'i.iobably heard ou Tuesday in the Town Hall, Port Adel u.le. Mr. K. J. Turner, S.M., will pretiide.acd it i« likely he will bo assisted by Captaiwi Bicfc. rs. J.P., aud McUoy, J.P. Thg arratigeinenta, however, have not beea de finitely made The Marine Board.— This body met on Thursday, November 18. The Treasury pro posed to iuclude the removal of Webb Rock in a future contract for the erection of a lighthouse at Corney Point. This plan was objected to by tbe Board because it required Special know ledge to engage upon submarine works which might not be pocessed by all qualified to build a shore lighthouse. Messrs. Ingleby and Grundy recommended that the Merchant Seamen's (pay- ment of wages and rating) Act, 1880 be adopted in the new Marine Board Bill. Mr. Schultz's tender for discharging silt at Port Pirie has been cancelled. If a better contract cannot be entered into the Board will do the work by day labour. Captain Howard and Lieuteuaut Gaslen, R.N., reported in favour of Middle bank for a lighthouse in Spencer's Gulf. Thb Onors. — Mr. Barton, fanner, of Groen s Plains, Hundred of Clinton, has shown us some samples of his wheat crop, a few particulars concerning which will be of general interest. There are thrte bushels taken from tbe same field, all of which have been seriously attacked by red rust, but they are differently affected. The stalks of ono bunch of purple straw wheat are badly diseased, but tbe ears are plump and sound. In another bunch, comprising Tuscan and Galifornian varieties, tbe grain is aJoj good, although tbe «tem and flag are thickly rusted. In the third bunch tha ears are quite empty, but Mr. Barton thinks this has beea caused by blight or frost, end not by rust. It is a singular fact that the plants which were first attacked by the disease carry the finest ears. Mr. Barton's conviction is that farmers would do well to confine their attention to the growth of purple straw or Oilifornian *be*t, as these varieties resist the atticks of red rust far better than the tnm-sn, velvet, or I lama eortfi. Ho u?cs the following pickle, in the virtues of which he hss great faith :— For a bag of seed, j lh. of saltpetre, £ lb. of bluestouo, ar,7i a little quicklime diejolved in a bucket of boiling water. We learn thst all cha crops at and near Pott 'Wakefield are a failure, but that a little further off they are filliric out well. At mil uiver ceo uii me way to Mmint K9msrk able rust is doinvt great injury, *ud tho yield will be much diminished by it.' Lapce Fi.ekcb. — An enormous fleece, taken frcrn a half-bred — Leicester aud Mo riLo — nan belonging to Mr. J. Byder, of Little Dablin, near Nairne, may bd seen at Messrs. Bean Brothers*. The ileece, which is of gcod quality, weighs 28 Ib., the length of tbe «rcol being 12 inches (nil one yeir's growth. A wimple of it may be (teen at this office. IvQix. — We understand that Mr. G. W. Dempster, wbo was recently admitted to tho Bar, has joined Messrs. Dempster & Webb, of Port Adelaide, and that the new firm will be ' Dempster, Webb, & Dempster.' Etow Chcech Juvehilb Floeal ExmniTio*. Tbe— second exhibition of the Juvuuiie Floral Society in connection with the Suuday-sohools belonging to Stow Memorial Church wa* held oa Thursday, November 18, and was very sacces^ i ul. The exhibits showed a great improvement on those of the previous exhibition. Ihstbcction in Fi*-w£R-ODJ.ion« —We on derstandtbat es an outcome of tbe Flower Show recently held in connection with the public schools Mr. Hartley, B A , B So , the lotpector Generrl of Schools, bss promised to give the children and teachers of the city aud suburbau public echc als a conne of lectures beating upon tke cultivation of flowers. AMATEUR Tni'iTHJCAI. FgRFOBUANCR. — A complimentary benefit is to be nivea to Mr. Htrbtrt Flemmine in the Albert Hail this even it g, when several lady and geutlemsn amateurs will appear in Robertson's popular three-act tmedy of ' Caste.' The performance is under ? tt patronage of His Kxcellency thtt Governor, Hi» Honor the Chief Justice, and others. A Womdhufcl Score. — Somo splendid scoring at a receut Ametican riile rcstch is repoited in tha Jiotion Herald (U.S.), and has been forwarded to us by the Hon. Secretary of tbe S.A.K.B.A. (Mr. Woods). The marksmen who stand most prominert are Mvnnrg. Gerriah and Brown, who were members of a team of rilkmen defe^ud by a British team at.Wimble don. The shco'iiig at which the scoring above referred to wa* made is spoken of ah follows : — 'A chilly, caaj) dsy greeted thtt riflemuu \f-at«rday who 'participated iu tlia renewed competition at tbe long range. Tin wind was hoiitti-enst duriug the shooting, cb-tuging bu* a few points. The light wri good nuu the atmas chtie clear. Only three riflemen fia-d thebutt«, Lot tbe shooting wai exceptionally tirilliunt.auil that of Mr. William Gerrigh unprecedented, 1 tjs geuth-man Leatiug all former records mvle by auy .rifleman in the world, having officially scored 224 out of a possible 225. Mr. Browu made a record of 219, and Mr. Wilder 211, tbe average being 21 S. Subjoined iu the .-ooriug : - Yards. OnoA [ 800— 555665555555555-75) tout William GeiriJi ? 800— bbbb&b;&mhbb;&h-M; } — t 'A 1 1000- 5055555.05555515— T4 ) I M-O-li5£545556556r)f.S-74) 3\. F. Bltmn _. \ D00— 55644556515MM- 72 V— 210 1 1000— 66555455564S6SR - 73 ) , ( 800— S56565*M56S865-7«) Salem Wilder ...J WO— 54565SSH156.155 71 - — 211 1 100C— 4M85SM656M55-63 ) Pabxsibb Pkihitivb Mcthodirt Ciitmcn. — Special services in aid of tbe Truit Funds of this Church were held on Sunday and Monday, November 14 and IS. On the Sunday, sermons were preached by Kevs. 3. G. Wright, 8. Fairey (Baptist), and J. Goodwin (pastor of the Uborcb) to good congregations. Tha tea on the Monday vta well patronised. Mr. J. Peters presided at the public meeting. Toe report, which was prewuted by the pastor, showed that totwitbetucditig the losees sustaiiied by the Cimrch cotkunvrA dq the opeaiiig of two other Churches (Bible OhrittUn tnd Hiphut) in the einfctonrbcod dut jug 'the 'put fe'» inoatbi,. the congregation uud niemberthip w--ru in a very eiicouisgiug state, as waa also the Scindny tfhool, wbicb nnnrbercd lOQ inhihh and tno leader*. The Keva. J, 8: Waylstid ani 8. fejrfcy delivered excellent JuJdreMexou 'JOliriji- «i»ii Life and Work.' The choir, «*«isted by Shfsm. E. and W^ Bose, efficiently »*ng so no r.KitabJ* piece* of moaic, Mr. J OUrko pre ch.'i-c lit the orpin. The collection* and sub miptiocs anjeuiit«'d to about £28. 5 «b PckT Coupon tTioK. — Tke present To wa CVuccil of Fort Adelaide held Its last meeting on 'iiarnday, Kov^mSor 18, end received tbe U*jpr'» annual report. This shows a marked iniprovenK'nt io sh« »ff*5rs ef the inunicipility. A J&rger; nr-r.r-r 'f [.ublic wwkn have been carrud ont, anc5 ?? . iiyrt wide to kwp up with tbo r»i*i-i rote cf i-rogr^ss every » her*- observable in Ihe ooIokv. h'w Worship, who *m tpokea ? of e» tLe best Msyor who had filled ih« chuir ia Port Adelaide, reiirrr! from th« meeting with tht cotgratultttioLn of the Caauuil. ' ATmr.Arn», TJsut, am- Mttchax Tbahw&y; Ookfast.— From the Directors' report for the half year ending October 31 we qaota the fol lowing:— uYoar Director j regret that they are unable to recommend the payment of a divi dend. Although the traffi'. on the line w steadily increasing, and the receipts hive been considerably more during the past six months than for the corresponding period last year, yet the expense of maintaining tbe road daring the winter just passed, and of raising the line in many parts where it was too low, have absorbed the receipts to such an extent that your Directors feel comptlltd to stay the payment of' dividends until the proSt and kiss account is in a' more satisfactory state. The profit and lcrs uccoant shows a balance to credit of £420 6s. Cti, hut thin they pronose to leave till next hall- j ear, when ita disposal, together with the qneaaon of depreciation, may be considered. Your Directors have carefully estimated the Talne of the line, plnnt, baildinga, land, rolling nock, and horses belonging to the Company, and think they are worth the amount pnt down, and they report besides that everything is in a most efficient condition, so that in their opinion it will be soon enough to provide for depreciation when accounts are next presented. Your Direc tors have pleasure in reporting that, they h*ve been able to arrange a loan to the Company on ?very satisfactory terms, by wbjen a considerable saving of interest will be effected. Since tbe last half-yearly meeting two new cars bive arrived, and axe now at work on the liae. Additional sidings are about to be put down, and the summer traffic being all. to come, and the road not being likely to require rmsh repair during that time, the profit on the work ing will no doabt show a satisfactory snm in next accounts.'. From the profit and loss account we notice that the traffic receipts for the six months amounted to £3,923 8s., against which the working expenses were £2,520 2s. &L;, and the depreciation £150. Tub OrtBA.— -The popnlatity of Mr. Armes Beaumont was made strikingly manifest on Thursday night, when he tcok hU benefit. The Theatre wai crowded. 'Miritana' wat the opera produced, and the beneficiaire took his well-known role of Don Ca:»ar de Bizan. It wcnld b6 supertinons to particularize the ex cellence of Mr. Eeaumont's personation of this character. All whs have seen him in it will agree th-»t he makes the performance worthy of his reputation; bat if anything were want ing (a confirm this the frequent rounds of applause with which he was greeted on this occasion wonld amply do so. In the song, 'Let rce lite a soldier tall,' he was exctedingty effective and had to repeat the effort. &Iiss; Lambert, ai Lazarillo, was also honoured with an encore for her singing of ' Alas ! tbose chimes ;' and Mr. Verdi had to submit to a similar penalty for his artistic rendering of tha aria, 'In happy rsomenta.' Miss KUa May, . aa the graceful Maritana, found great favour, tco, and wa3 loudly applauded. The other characters were well sustained, and the piece went very smoothly throughout A b.'.U.id concert succeeded the opera, the orchestra playing with fine effect the overture to ' William lell,'and Mr. O. H. Templeton singing 'The Tillage Blacksmith,' Msdame Bose Hersee ''Within a mile of Edinboro* Town,' Mr. iL VertiOn 'Ithonghtof Tbee,' Mrs. Pox 'Tell me, my heart,' and Mr. Beaumont 'Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee.' Madame Herscu wm enthusiastic-lily encored, and Mr. Benumout also received flattering applause. To-night '? Pi as fore' will be presented, an 1 a grand vocal and instrumental concert will follow. BmfABS for Beatery. — Masters Gardiner and Shepherd have been presented by some of the leading residents of Gawler with a hwl soire writing-desk each for the manner in which they behaved in trying to rescue the poor lad Short who was drowned in the Pan, at Gawler a short time ago. u A Thip to Pobtlakd.' — 'We have rec -i' e '. from the Portland District Couacil, ia Victors, a pamphlet descriptive of ** A Trip to Portland, the watering-place of the West.' Thb Ohickbt Match at Gawlbs — Mr. G Harder, one of the Clare players, has met with an accident and injured his knee, the Glare men have therefore substituted Mr. A. McDonald. The North players reached Gawler by the 8 30 train last night, and were met by the Gawler Club at the Bai'way Station and ac corded a moat hearty welcome. A lively interest is being taken in the match, and all the Banks and stores have agreed to close at noon to-day. Cocoanut matting will be used for the wicket. TtDBSTBiATnsM. — I overs of muscular develop ment, and of feiti of pedtatrianwrn, are to bare an opportunity tins evening and to-morrow of seeing tbe cbampion of the colonies. Mr. W. Edwards, walk 120 miles in twenty-six hours. Tbe performance is to tike place in the Exhi bition Bnilding, where tbe Concordia Band are to play at intervals, and where other arrange ments hwe tsen made for the comfort of visitors. A committca of Adelaide gentleman Las been formed to see that Edwards really walks the distance stated, and it is under? tool that they will relieve one another after two Lour ' turr-»' at watching. Gavleu 'VoxxflTEes Rifle Ctcu. — A general neetitg of this club was held at the Old Spot Hotel, Giwler, on November 17. Captain J. A. Flumnier cccnpled the chair. A revised code of rules was adopted, and the following officers were appointed for the enduing year:— Patron, Major Frank Makin. JJ\; President, CUptatu J. A. Plnmmer; Vice-president?, Lieuteaint Jii. Taylor and Surgeon F. W. H. Poph im ; Secretary, Sergent S. Harbour; Tre.-iurer, Colour- Sergeant John Cramp ; Committee. Sergeant John Mansom, I ince-Oorporal Eli Freak, Privates T. Baldock, L. O. Dawe, and J. Gnllen. Coscbbt. — A concert in aid of the Band of Hope Industrial Exhibition was given in the Academy of Music on Thursday evening. There was a very good attendance, and the programme was well carried oat. In addition to two piano forte solos by Mr. W. B. Knox, and a couple of songs by a young lady amateur who was encored for the song ?* Fain would I fly to thee,' a cantata, entitled tbe -'Revellers,' was given by the members of tbe Band of Hope. The principal parts were taken by the Misses New man (2), Morrison and Whiteheid, and Messrs. AVatkins, Middleton, and Thompson, all of whom were very successful in their endeavours to please the audience. Miss Newman was re peatedly encored. A chorus by a number of vouDg'girls was also' loudly applauded. Mr. G. T. Harris officiated as conductor, and ftfi« Marshall as pianist. Tbe cantata, which was composed by Mr. J E. Hewett, of New Turk bad direct reference to the temperance cause. Co- ofhhation at Gawlbb. — It will be re membered that some time ago the employe's of the firm of Messrs. Daffield & Co. started the co-operative system in the purchase of their meat, and that a Benefit Society for the employes bad been started with the pro at made. The first half-yearly meeting ot the Society was held at the Gawler Institute on Wednesday night, November 17- There was a good attendance, and Mr. James Coles occupied the chair. The Secretary (Mr. W. Paine) read the balance-sheet, which showed thst there was a profit of £47, which was placed out at interest. Tbe Society has at present sixty members, and the Secretary reported that there had been no sickness since tbe Society started. Pkofbssob Fktfkh at I\jht Adelaide.— Tbe Professor met with a good reception at Fort Adelaide on Thursday-ight, November IS, when he opened a short season in the Town Hall. Tbnre was a large though not a crowded house. The prosramme included several ghost and optical illusions, besides the wonders of the oxy-hydrogen microscope, and exhibitions of ancient and modern statuary. ' Tbe performance closed with a laughable shadow pantomime. To-night an entirely new programme will be presented. Satb op Statiok Pbopbbtt. — Messrs W. Gordon & Go. offered for isle, at the South Aus tralian Club Hotel, on Thursday, November 13, the Kallicota Station, containing 102 square miles, together with 10,000 shetp and 800 head cattle, belonging to Mr. Bdgar Chapman. The bidding started at 14s. per head for the sheep, and ran np to 18s. 6NL, at which figure it was passed. 6alb op Pastoral Lbasks.— There was a very large attendance at the Land Office on Thurs day, when a number of pastoral and other leaves were offered for f ale by auction. The bidding wu very brisk, and good prices were obtained for most of the blocks. The highest price realized was for Section 313, Hundred of Mait land, which was sold for £32 15s. Owing to the number of lots offered and the briskness of tbe competition all were not sold, and the sale was therefore adjourned until to- day at 11 o'clock. Vitad Statistics.— The number of birth* and deaths registered in the General Register OEce during the week ending Saturday, November 13, were:— Births — 79 mtles, 64 females; deaths— 22 males, 21 female*. Tots! —143 births, 43 deaths. Excess of births, 100, The District of Adelaide —Births— 28 mtles, 22 females. Death*— Id m*lea, 17 females. Total— 43 birth*. 33 Ho.th. Ksceasaf births. 15. 