POLITICAL ECONOMY. THE DRY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS. No. XI.—BOOTS AND SHOES. [By Dir. Philadhlfhtjs Fbmk.I Last Monday evening I was otherwise engaged, or I should certainly have been present at the lecture which was given by Mr. Grainger on Protection. I wondered whether the Professor would condescend to sanction the proceedings with hia presence, and what he would say if he were there. The next morning I eagerly turned over the pages of the Register to find the account of the speeches, and was gratified to note that our reporter had honoured the lecturer with more than a column. I read the report with bated breath, and as I went to the office I kept musing on the question which had been propounded, and wondering at the motives which actuate the promoters cf snoh mediaeval reaction. On the Way I met Professor Dry-as-Dast. He looked radiant. I wondered what was the matter. He told me that he bad been st the meeting the previous evening, that he had seen the " star" twinkle; and that the central orb was surrounded by a whole constellation, which twinkled respon sively, that be had taken observations of the phenomenon, and had located the sadden oatbnrBt partly in the main stream of -the milky way, and partly in the watery stream that flows from the pitcher of old Aquarius, that at the meeting of the Olub to be held the next evening he hoped to have the matter discossed, and that he wished me to have my pencil ready and my ears open. I asked him what was to be the theme, and who was to be the essayist, and in reply he told me that Mr. Balmoral was to be the spokesman, and that his subject was to be " Boots and Shoes." X have not introduced Mr. Balmoral to my readers yet, and all I need say is that he is a yonng man, very diligent in business and very retiring, bnt with a remarkable sense of con science. He is a ourious compound of erudition and business. He was born among boots in a neighbouring colony. With the money got from the boot trade he was sent home, where he even graduated. He came back to Australia. He might have earned his living as the writer does, but he pre ferred boots. As be him°elf says, parodying Shakespeare, be preferred to whet the knife wherewith hewonld fight the world, "Not on his soul, but on his sole." He found boots too cheap in Victoria, and lured by the infancy of the trade in South Australia and by protective dnties he came to Adelaide. He did well, made money very quickly, when having a legacy left him he finally abjured boots, save as an article of personal utility or adornment, and betook him self to an unambitious business as au estate agent, which gave him plenty of leisure for readirg. " Gentlemen", said he, when tbe club had assembled in tbe evening, "I have been requested to introduce to you the subject of this evening consequent on my meeting our President at a recent lecture on Pro tection which was given in the Adelaide Town Hall Exchange Booms. He knew that I was deeply interested in the snbject. He knew —and I am not ashamed of the fact—that my father was a bootmaker and made his money by Protection, that I owe my social position to boots and Protection, that boots and Protection surrounded me with every luxury when a child, that boots and Protection paid for my University education, that if boots had not been protected in a neighbouring colony I should never have had the gates of learning opened to me; and, further, that boots and Protection enabled me to augment my 'capital in a few years, and that in fact I am a living monument of the beneficial effects of Protection, and of the thebce accruing profits of the boot trade. He knew all this, and therefore he honoured mo with his confidence; and asked me to bring "boots" before you to-night as a text for our economical disoussion." He hereupon paused and undid two parcels' one containing a pair of thick hobnailed bluchers, such as Hodge might covet at plough ing time, and the other—a cardboard box—con taining a delicate pair of high-heeled bottines from Paris, such as would delight the heart of any young lady in King William- street. Gentlemen, to give vividness to my remarks, I place before you two specimens of the craft to which I owe my competence, the one manu factured here, the other imported, and which has already contributed its share to the revenue. Now let me state the problem: I might make and sell the rough pair for profit without much Protec tion, but I could not even with all our Oastoms duties compete with the Parisian workman. This was an anomly, and I saw bnt one remedy. The boot trade must be further protected to enable me to make profit on the more costly article as well as on the medium ones. I began to ponder over the question. I put down the number of classes into much it seemed to me those affected by any increased " dose" of Protection could be divided. I arranged them under five heads. 1. The capitalists who invest in bootmaking. 2. The labourers who make the boots. 3. The people who must buy and wear the boots. 4. The capitalists who invest in other trades that are not protected. 5. The labourers who are engaged in other industries, whether protected or not. There is no doubt, gentlemen, that the capitalist is benefited, for I am a living illustration of the fact. He gets a present of a sort of monopoly, which puts money into his pocket, which is ex ceedingly pleasant. He is like a Rundle-street draper, who could succeed in getting Parliament and the police to enact and enforce a law that every one who wanted to buy silks or hose, or blankets, must pay 25 per cent, more if he was so foolish as to go to Hindley- street to make his purchases. No doubt such a law, if passed six months ago, might have saved this city from the edifying epectaole of three or fonr bankrupt establishments shut up in the course of a few weeks. I do not wonder then that persons em barked in trade Bhould cry out for Government aid. The great principle of selfishness comes into pity, and if a man can enlist the law ef the country on his side he feels his conscience quieted. The capitalist,- then, is benefited; but I doubt not that our President would remind us that this benefit is' only temporary, and that era while competition among capitalists will bring down profits, and evoke a piteous cry for higher duties as the only remedy against ruinous loss. I admit the faet. I saw the snare that Protection spreads before even the producer, and I retired in time. I was selfish, gentlemen, you see, in my very conscientiousness. Let us turn to the consumer. The ploughman who has bought from me a pair of rough boots is not, I presume, a man of means, but he has paid to me one shilling or more beyond what he could have bouaht his boots for, if Govern ment had not interfered. I have got the shilling and put it in my pocket. He has paid it away and got nothing for it. I am enriched; he is impoverished. This is very nice for me, hut it struck me even when the shillings came rolling'in that it was not exactly fair for him. I tried hard to put it in such a light as to satisfy me that he was getting a benefit because I was, but I gaye it up as dishonest special pleading. But how does it fare with the workman. Was he benefited by the extra shilling that I put into my pocket. I thought of the number of men that I employed, and how as the result of my enterprise a score or more of homes were kept going, bow terrible would be the dis aster to all those families if I were to be compelled to shut up my establishment; and how content they were with their wages, and how they blessed Government for fostering their own handicraft. It seemed to me that my workmen must share with me in my benefit, but certain curious facts would obtrude themselves. The workmen in Victoria were paid lower wages than I paid mine, yet Victoria revels in Protection. How was that? Then, again, if the Government protected me with my capital, it did not protect the workman with his capital, to wit, his labouring skill. Hy men could npt import boots from England for their families because it would injure me, but I could import workmen from Victoria whether it injured my men or not. The master is free to obtain hiB workmen where he finds labour cheapest, and when my men once went on strike I took the next steamer >nd went to Melbourne and brought back with me enough bands to carry on my manufactory. It was a keen stroke of business, but it was quite against all my then accepted ideas about Protection. It benefited my purse, but it in jured my conscience. In fact, I could not see wherein the working man was enriched at all by what was so beneficial to me. It seemed to me that the Government was pulling the cabbages out of his garden and selling them to give me the opportunity to plant roses in my garden. I have spoken of the way in which a protected pair of boots may be looked at by the capitalist, the workman and the consumer, there remains yet the general question as to how this boot protecting policy affects other industries, both those which likewise enjoy Protection and those narrowed down at present to tbat part of the great which would like it but cannot get it; and further how this policy operates in the entire community. As, however, as I am anxious that the discussion should be question which I have indicated, I will postpone or delegate to abler hands the wider aspects of Protection. I will act on the old maxim, " Let the bootmaker stick to his last," and leave other trades and Parliamentary politics to our Presi dent and the rest of you." Mr. Baimoral has a quiet, 'pleasing, straight forward way of putting forth his ideas, and we all enjoyed listening to him. He told us a good deal more about himself and his conscience, and his workmen and their consciences, and the trade and how business men try to kill con science, and how his present competency was something like King Henry's crown," a polished perturbation and a golden care," and sat like the ghost on King Bichard HI., somewhat " heavy on his soul." Mr. Bullionand Mr. Diamond smiled at these unworldly confessions. Mr. Strike applauded them, and said that much of the false economics of the working classes was ennobled by a most sincere desire to do what was patriotic and true. Mr. Counter propounded the idea that probably both Protectionists and Freetraders were wrong, and that in the ideBl society of the futnre something would have to be done to counteract the ruinous effects of competition; but he did not know what that was. Onr President did not say muob, but I saw tbat he enjoyed the discussion amszingly, and as he went home I saw him take out of the library-case a copy of Oarlyle's Sartor Resartus, wherewith to regale himself after supper. 