THE S T 0 11 Y TELLEH. RALPH MONK. By Miss E. At. ax Kelly. (Anihoress of " Hampton Court," etc.) Chapter III. It will he long befoie Miss Loring for gets the explanation that followed across the banker's table. Bring a practical man, he took a practical view of the case. A man who lingered on debatable ground, Richard Morten preferred doubts set at rest and respective positions defined. Piece by piece his story leaked out. Gently and slowh lie spoke words of sentiment, too, in which he believed. Miss Loring doubted. Her doubts wildly conveyed were replied ro in a more per tinaciously expressed offer to marry Bona whenever she liked 1 j Bland, smiling, and ii fry-five sits Rich- j ard Morton now facing her. The start- : ling proposal had staggered, licr : she was 1 not at ease, and she did not pretend to be. ; However, with the fact of a thorough man of the world, lie set mutters in their very ; best light before her. She may he considered a weak woman : I but it was with a wan, wintery smile she ' said "Good bye" when lie handed her into ; his carriage, that luckiiy was standing near — waiting to take him to his club. He had set her doubts at rest — however j objectionably — and there was 110 need < for anxietv new. So, with a jest on Ins lips, he watches the carriage in which Miss Loring sits roll away. There was a perfect satisfaction pervading him as he turned and walked back to the back-parlour : he felt proud of the tact and taste he had displayed. True, Miss Loring was anxious : but all cause for that was removed. He would seeBonato-morrowmorning, dear, beautiful Bona; right glad was he to come between her and the possibility of poverty. And he consoled himself in his head and heart that he was acting for the best. A weary, remorseful woman was Ivliss Loring, sicting|inRichardMorton's carriage. She was not quite umvorldly ; but she slirank from poverty, and loved position passing well. Warmhearted she, regretted the unattainable, though not devoid or prudence, by a long way. Bona was waiting for her aunts return ; standing at the drawing- room window, she j saw her drive up in Mr Morton s carriage, j Mr Morton was al ways so kind, sh e reasoned, j and she turns with a ready smile to greet ; Miss Loring, who enters the room with se grave an expression of countenance, that Bona- was going to enquire what was the matter. Miss Loring carefully closed the door, and sitting down on a chair beside the table at once enters on a detail of what has occurred ; speaking rapidly and talk ing a great deal, but not daring to look at Bona, who sits white. Bona was in a singular position, and embarrassed accordingly. For the first time in her life she fully realized her posi tion in its right light. She was an orphan, a desolate, penniless orphan. True, there was her aunt, and she looked at her as she sat smoothing out the fingers of her gloves, which she had taken off. She sincerely pitied the griefs and cordially shared the hopes and cares of liei dear father's sister. But she had thoughts of her own, as her aunt talked and expatiated, upon Richard Morton, half-ground thoughts but none the less sweet for their very vageness. After much talking, Miss Loring finds herself sitting silent waiting for a word from Bona. There was a great stillness in the air. This was as bad a quarter of an hour as ever Miss Loring had spentin her life. There was a serious duty before her. Difficulties to encounter — perhaps a scene to escape. Alook at Bona's face, which was changed and a shadowy light in her eyes, told her there was no scene to be appre- hended. Aface, dead long ago, mingles with Miss Boring's day-dreams, and she rises and taking up her gloves goes out of the room, and into the landing, where she pauses to wipe away the tears that are blinding her ; then into her own room, where she kneels down and prays for a hasty moment against the regrets which rose to her heart in spite of her. Bona walked up to the window, and stood looking out with a sad expression in her blue eyes. There were considera tions that weighed with her, ere she could form an answer or even an opinion. She tried hard to realize the vision of which Miss Loring had spoken. Life seemed narrowing in — seemed closing upon her. Yet she would not have confessed it even to herself that there was in her woman's heart one memory, one hope, to which her whole world turned in this dilemma. This hope is Ralph Monk. The friend of so many years ; the long summer days down the country, and the dreary time in town had been all brightened by Ralph. Both had the same ideas and the same pre judices (leaving Mr Morton out of the question), and from the same standpoint, regarded the world. Slowly, hut surely, into her unwise heart had penetrated words that may have had no meaning. This was the mystery of why Ralph Monk held so high a place in her thoughts. This mystery had received a revelation in Richard Morton's offer. Lave stood before her, but arrayed in no shining robes, no silver wings, such as she had read so much of, and such as she had thought more about. She liked Richard Morton very much, and she would have grieved to pain him. The day was on the wane when she took up her position at the window, and she sat there watching the light fade over the house-tops and thinking : thinking of Richard Morton, of Ralph Monk, and of her fate — how hard it seemed. She asked herself if she was in some terrible dream or waking nightmare. Poor Bona ; she was little versed in love and its intricacies, save as it had revealed itself in this one quiet romance of her life. Miss Loring was deeply distressed when she saw with what pale cheeks and shrouded eyes Bona came down to break fast next morning. Through the long hours of the night Bona had fought and reasoned with ' the question that was ; pressing on her so terribly. The sight of her white miserable face sitting before her untasted breakast was a sore trial to Miss Loring. In painful visible constrain not daring to trust herself t© speak of Richard Mor ton, or the interview she was to have with j him, Bona rises from the table, donning her sealskin jacket and hat, announces she is going for a turn on the embankment, which is only a few yards off. Her aunt smiled acquiescence. Sweet and sad even to mournfulness, surrounded by a thousand graduations of j fleeting mist, Bona walks down the em bankment, and resting her hands on the stone boundary, strove to steady the beatings of her feverish heart ; to collect her thoughts and t -> resolve. She might have remained five minutes thus, when a measured step she knew well came straight along the path. Turn ing round she finds herself face to face with Ralph Monk. She has not met him for several days, and he seems to her grander, handsomer, dearer than ever — dearer because farther from kim. With a brief word of salutation, | he places his hand detainingly on hers still resting on the stone. Gloved as her i hand is, her face flushes up at the touch, j Then theie is a pause, such a pause as I only comes once 111 a life-time. ; Bona, will come here when years have gone by ; when our well -beloved sovereign "has graciously bestowed 011 this magnifi cent structure the dignity of her name ; come and remember the unconquerable infatuation of the wonderful beauty shining out of Ralph Monk's brown face and laughing out of his brown eyes ; come 1 in after years and stand here, and in ' vague remorseful regret think of this > strange silence, when Ralph Monk is thousands of miles away. Ralph Monk stands, blissfully un conscious of all that is passing 111 Bona 3 mind. He is in no hurry to move 011 ; and ; when they do it is only to pause again : to , stigmatize the path and measure the ; i resting or lianas on tne stone oumiciary. i It cannot be- cailed love- making, for 110 ; word of love lias been spoken. It merely : consists in dreaming over a word or look ! which may or may not have any meaning ; in it. Bona tries to comport herself with much ; dignity as she gives him her hand to wish : him good-bye, and lie compels her 1111- : willing eyes to meet his gaze ; but he Lakes no advantage of the knowledge speaking : to liim out of her blue eyes full of tender- ; ness and love. As she stands and watches : him till he is out of sight, she knows her : dream is over ; what a fool she has been j to dream a dream like this, i All the sunshine has gone out of her | life, and she stands musing over her | troubles till Richard Morton joins her. ! Her real troubles help her to bear his : 1 presence. j All is smiling and sunny now. It never dawned on Mr Morton that Bona had been indulging in vague, doleful thoughts ; he wasn't haunted by the ghosts of imagina tion. There are people who can look over their shoulder and see nothing. The hanker was one of these. Bona felt awed and ashamed of her own feebleness as he stood before her. Very fresh and young looked this elderly banker. He was dressed in a plain, well- fitting morning coat, the brim of his hat curled neatly, the speck of scarlet flower blooming in his button-hole, and a certain Romeo-like air of tenderness in his greet ing of Bona. This, combined with a name less softening influence, made him the very best person in the world to deal with in her present state. But the careless happiness on his handsome middle-aged face would have been a very repulsive manifestation to some people. Ralph Monk, for instance, if he could have seen it at this moment, very likely would have looked with scorn on Richard Morton giving himself over to a season of unmiti gated bliss. Bona's greeting of him was quite as s:leni as that she had vouchsafed to Ralph Monk ; but, somehow, it was not the same kind of silence, and might have become irksome to Bona had he not begun walking up and clown the path, still holding her hand in his — walking and talking, just as she and Ralph Monk had done many times ; and those who had been accus tomed to the sight wondered, and talked too, about the greyhaired man who had taken the place of the princely Ralph. One keen-looking man was hurrying up to the Temple sneered to a companion as lie passed them. A fresh-faced young water- policeman from the " Royalist" (moored in the river near) shook his head at an equally fresh-complexioned maid - of - all - work who was airing her dusters on the cats' balcony of a house near ; she shook her bead back at him with an expressiveness that indicated she was quite his way «f thinking. Then the young policeman draws near to the balcony, and the girl leans over the iron rails, and, speaking in whispers, they look downright disapprovingly at Mr Morton. The girl says it is enough to turn anybody ; sick to see him ; and she wipes her nose j with one of the dusters, which, by mistake- leaves a long smear down the centre of the 1 organ, that imparts a most disagreeable ' colour to her countenance. As he looks at her nose, the young policeman agrees that the thing is sickening, and goes hastily away up to the Strand. Regardless ot the remarks of anyone in this world, Mr Morton, reasoned and flattered, and pleaded with Bona to be allowed to stand by her, and aid her in every difficulty of her life, now and ever. A welcome sense of peace and protection came over her, and when she looked up at him a smile had come over her sunning face, and she laughed a laugh that, for its very truth and frankness, had always charmed the banker's heart. Yet, after a short space, Bona pleads a j headache, and they turn and walk back to where Miss Loring is waiting in awful suspense for the result of this interview, which had taken place even as she sat nerving herself for it. It is all over, well over too, she feels assured, as, beyond her warm greeting of Mr Morton, she glances at Bona's face. Then Bona leaves them, j leaves them to form immediate plans, and j retires to her own room with a positive j feeling of sickness over the last hour she i has gone through. Three days after this came a note from Ralph, accompanied by one of the most I exquisite floral offerings that could be obtained in the centre avenue of Covent Garden. Miss Loring took possession of the flowers, while Bona turned away with a frozen face and un folded the dainty page on which was written a few words, only telling how he was coining that evening to see her. He came before it was quite dark. The I well-known knock sent the blood from | Bona's face, leaving it as white as the dainty lace ruffles encircling her throat j and wirtes. Such a moment had vivid I recollections for Bona. She could hear ! him talking pleasantly to the landlady's j daughter, as she precedes him up the i stairs to announce him. | Miss Loring is the first to welcome him, ; i and under cover of this warm greeting j Bona comes forward out of the gloom of the window-curtains, and then she usually j so frank and direct in her speech, makes a few coxnmoQ-place remarks as she thanks ' ! Ralph for the flowers, to which he replies J in a similar fashion, and takes pos- j session of the co=y arm chair which Miss Loring pushes forward for him. Then I there is talk, bright idle fireside chat, j avoiding all mention of Richard Morton. There are secret misgivings on that point even in the elder lady's mind. Ralph had brought a new book, and j though Bona occupied herself cutting the leaves, yet her attention to the conversa tion betrayed itself in a thousand ways ; now and then lifting her eyes to smile at ' the handsome dark face of Ralph. She ! feels a sharp conscious-prick occasionally I for so doinsr — but then it is only for.' so | short a timeT and the last time too. And , she falls to thinking how she shall tell | him. Perhaps lie will think nothing of ; it. Again she meets the gaze of Ralph's i eyes. He is not saying anything to her ; j only iookin j down at her, wifii his eyes : full of intense feeling. He has risen, and stands with his hand on the back of his chair, staring down at Bona. Then the announcement that ho is going to dine with some friends carried Ralph up to the point of his saying "Good bye. He gives his hand to Miss Loring, and turns to Bona, who says she will see him to the d or, as sli£ has someihing to say to him. Ralph is thinking what may be the nature of the communication, as they cro down the broad old-fashioned stairway. Bona is stiff and unlike herself as possible. Perhaps she is loosing heart thinks Ralph, as he opens the door, and Bona goes out down the three steps and . grasps the pointed iron bars of the gate. ' 'The touch of the cold iron seemed to steady her nerves. : . Tile chill night air swept up the street : with a dismal -oiuid. As she stood Ralph ! could not see the the pain at her heart ; | but her white face, with its strange ex- ' pression, struck him, and he said, "It is : cold for yon to be out here, Bona." "I | do not feel it: and she grasps the iron gate tighter."' " 1 have something to tell you," she ends rapidly. " Have you?" and Ralph fumbles for his cigar-case in the breast pocket of his coat. Thi3 is hard, after all these years, thinks Bona, and she says slowly, "After you left me on Wednesday morning, Mr Mor ton came and- and " "And what?" queries Ralph sharply, for Bona's sentence had ended in a sob. To r.E Continued. 