1879. " The year is going— let it go, Ring out the false, ring in the true." TENNYSON. While we write the year is fast ebbing away. When our words are read 1870 will be beyond recall—passed for over beyond control of man. All that remains for us in 1880 and its successors, is, that, warned by the failures and mistakes of the past, we may take a different course in the time to come. When 1879 com- menced wo wore bound to acknowlodge that in matter political wo had taken a leap in the dark, but though wo recognised the unsatisfactory composition of the Ministry elect we hoped that even they might deal decisively with financial matters, seeing that the ques- tion at issue was not whether fresh taxation was necessary or whether the people were willing to pay, but only the form and way in which the money was to be collected. The utter failure of the Ministry to conceive, much loss to propound a scheme worthy of the acceptance of reasonable men has passed into history, and, the year literally wasted, we are greeted at the outset of the New Year with the actual deficiency to provide for, wlieroas formerly it was only prospective. That is the task before us, and the Colony is therefore to be congratulated that her finances are now in the hands of a gentleman who commands the confidence of the colonists as Treasurer. While politically the Colony has boon misled, the year in other respects has favourably borne out tlio hopes with which wo enterod its portals. Our industries flourish, and with the prospect of a harvest, even beyond the ordinary good ono, there is much upon which wo can congratulate ourselves. Our partial failure in self-repre- sentation at the Sydney Exhibition may even he a cause for congratulation if it lead to such an exposition of our wares at Melbourne in 1880 as shall fairly place them before the world. With our rich hoards of minerals over opening out we have resources of wealth which only need treat- ment upon a broad basis of enlightenment and spirit, to make Tasmania not only what she now deservedly is, the Island Sanatarium of the Southern Hemisphere, but a respected and quoted unit in the Colonial commercial world. His Excellency the Governor (Mr. F. A. Weld) still remains -with us, tho year 1880 being the last of his term of office as representative of Her Majesty the Queen in Tasmania. Each year Mr. Weld has been in the Colony has in- creased our appreciation of his interest both in the material welfare and in the pastimes of the colonists, and his departure, should it be decided on, will be sincerely re- gretted on all sides. During the past year Mr. Weld has been constantly present at gatherings of the people. In March he made a tour of the mining districts of the North and North-West Coasts, when he bestowed upon the township of Brandy-Crook the more euphonious title of Beaconsfield, and on the township at Mount Arthur the name of Lisle, after Mrs. Weld's family, Amongst the visitors at Government House during the year were the Marquis of Normanby and his suite, who stayed there whilst on his way from New Zealand to his now post in Victoria. Mr. Weld was present with the Governors of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Aus- tralia, at the opening of the Sydney Inter- national Exhibition. On his journey home he returned the visit of the Marquis of Normanby, making a short stay at Government House, Melbourne; Mrs. Weld has ably assisted His Excelloncy in presiding over the hospitalities of Government House. The political year is, as it were, a lost one—a slice of timeout from the history of the Colony and offered up at the shrine of the Crowther- Reibey Government, who were occupied during the greater part of it in feathering their own nests to the detriment of the interests of the ratepayers, and .to the injury of the reputation of the Colony. The position of the Colony when the year opened was a critical one. The financial proposals of the Giblin, Ministry had been, de- feated, and that Government having resigned, the new men were, on the third day of January, all elected unopposed by their various con- stituencies. The new Ministry, was, composed as follows :— Premier (without a fortfolio) Mr., W. L. CROWTHER Colonial, Secretary............. Mr. REIBY Colonial Treasurer....... Mr DAVID LEWIS Attorney-General............ Mr. J. S. DODDS Minister of Lands............. Mr. C. REILLY In the speeches the new Ministers made to the electors, it was shown thus early that their pro- testations of being ready to carry on the Go- vernment of the Colony, arid to submit satisfac- tory financial proposals to Parliament—protesta- tions which formed the only ground on which the vote of want of confidence was based which gave them office—were without foundation in truth, arid that they were in fact as a ship without a rudder, tossed about on a sea of perplexity and uncertainty. What their hustings speeches led people to expect proved to be correct when Parliament mot on the 28th January, and it was then found that Ministers had no principle or policy to submit for the approval of the Country, and had to plead for time to enable them to prepare measures for the consideration of Par- liament and the Colony. The now Ministry simply mot Parliament with an ad misericordiam appeal for more time, and after an unsuc- cessful attempt from the more rabid section of the Ministerial supporters to bring about a collision between the two Houses of the Legislature, an adjournment was made till the 22nd April, giving Ministers what they so imploringly asked, two months' respite, without the preliminary enunciation of some financial and general policy, and keeping the Colony in sus- pense as to the purpose, apart from the posses- sion of office, which they desired to serve when they ousted the late Ministry, and themselves took office. Ministers thus obtained more, than they were entitled to, and as some thought more than they deserved, but both the Legislative Council and the Opposition in the House of Assembly were unwilling to allow the palpable incapacity of the Ministry to cause the Colony unnecessary inconvenience. Supplies were accordingly granted, and a further time of grac? given by Parliament to the Ministry. During the recess a vacancy occurred in the representa- tion of the district of the Tamar in the Legislative Council through tho death of the Hon. W. D. Grubb. His son, Mr. F, W. Grubb was elected to the vacant seat. Parliament again commenced its sittings on the 22nd April, and on the follow- ing day the Treasurer, Mr. David Lewis, made his financial statement. The document, for the speech had been carefully prepared and printed, was, it is needless to say, looked forward to with considerable anxiety. Already much time had been wasted, and the exigencies of the situation were undeniablo. Tho late Treasurer had anti- cipated a deficiency in the revenue at the end of the year 1879, of £44,714, exclusive of £72,800, accumulated arrears of Main Line Rail- way interest during the time the Colony and Company had been negociating in connection with the faulty construction of the line. The new Treasurer accepted this unpleasant position practi- cally, though he estimated the annual deficiency a little lower than his predecessor. The enuncia- tion of a better scheme than the one they had ensured the rejection of by Parliament, was, therefore, the task and duty of the Ministry. Never was there such utter failure on the part of a Government, and the scheme, when the Treasurer had delivered himself of it, was at once recognised as so inadequate and partial as to deny its authors any claim to statesmanship. The scheme was simply the capitalisation of the railway interest, and an Income and Property Tax of 21 per cent, to provide for the estimated deficiency. The mountain had laboured long, but the result was only the mouse ; a scheme as ill-digested in detail, as it was ob- jectionable in character. It is only necessary to contrast the two schemes, the rejected and the new one, to show how the latter failed to supply the panacea, the possession of which the Ministry had vaunted so loudly. The Treasurer of the late Ministry proposed to meet the accumu- lated railway interest by Treasury Bills spread over five years, and to be liquidated out of the consolidated revenue. To meet the general- deficiency of revenue, ho proposed raising £43,000 of new taxation by a rate of 1s. in the £ on all real property of £15 and upwards annual value, and a tax of the same rate on the dividends of joint stock and trading companies, and on the interest on mortgages, the property tax being justified, he held, by the great increase in the value of property caused by the construction and working of the railways. This proposition met general accept- ance, except in so far as the mortgage tax was concerned ; to it there was considerable objec- tion. The Assembly, the only House which the proposal reached, approved by resolution of the proposed taxation, and Ministers might have easily carried the tax had they not dallied while the Opposition was active, and ultimately ejected them from office. The proposition of the now Ministry was to capitalise the arrears of railway interest, a proposal which was on the tooth of their former professions, and in violation of a long and undisturbed Parliamentary arrange- ment, 'which refuses to consent to adding to public debt for excess of expenditure over revenue. The taxation of incomes was also recognised as equally objectionable, and when the Bill containing the Government proposals was published the details of the taxation, as con- tained within its lines; were found to be as ill- considered and remarkable as the form of taxation was uneven and repulsive. Naturally the Bill would have fallen still-born. It was regarded with so much contempt that the Opposition al first declined the responsibility of interferring with or countenancing it, and though the legal members of the Opposition subsequently gave assistance in the hopeless task of endenvour- ing to tinker it into a practical shape, it was eventually sent by the Government, who had all along supported arid pressed forward their bant- ling in the most intemperate way, to the Legislative Council, there to meet its fate in the most decided way, accompanied by explanations of a clear and straightfor- ward character. The steps necessary for the capitalisation of the railway interest had never in the meantime been even mentioned. Though their position was thus stultified, the Ministry still, barnacle-like, clung to office, and pleaded for more time to reconsider their finan- cial proposals. A mistaken leniency led to the House of Assembly to agree to the granting of further supplies, and it was again thrown upon the Legislative Council to protect the interests of the community, and to step between the Colony and the Ministry. The Council accordingly, in the exercise of its con- stitutional functions, which embrace altering and varying but not introducing money mea- sures, reduced the appropriation to a period of six months. Against this Ministers kicked, and the usual popular nonsense was talked about in- terference with the functions of what we were asked to acknowledge the popular branch of the Legislature. The old farce was, however, played in vain, and, though the clamour created served the Ministerial purpose, inasmuch as it wasted time, ultimately a compromise was effected, and eight months' Supplies having been voted by both Houses, Ministers prorogued. Thus was terminated a Session of greater length than any other since the Colony became self- governing, and certainly more unsatisfactory and barren than any that had preceded it. Beyond the routine business and a few measures of local character affecting hospitals, water supply, and such like, the Presbyterian Church Bill, and the C.D. Act, an important measure affecting the public health, were the only bills out of a host that were introduced that were passed into law. Financially its effect was still more vicious. By a disreputable system of Obstructive and party tactics, a majority of one in the House of Assembly had turned out of office a Ministry that wiis admittedly capable, that had the confidence of the Country, and that had elaborated a sys- tem of taxation that would have met the re- quirements of the Colony arising out of obliga- tions in interest on the cost of railway construc- tion. In the place of that Ministry; the Reibey- Crowther one was substituted, and provod itself incapable ; it had neither the respect of the Colony, not even of its own supporters, and it ludicrously failed in its pretensions. It wasted six months in the futile attempt to devise a scheme of taxation in the place of that which it frustrated, and had to plead for the three months to again try its hand. Meanwhile a heayy deficiency remained unprovided for, and Litu utiiuiiacu wa|«i»uhiuio buuviuucu hi uauush of ourririoaris. ,, During tho interval beforo the Houses again met, some cliaiigo took plnoo'.iri tlio position of parties in'tlio' Assembly,' the. faithful party,' services arid tho iriexbrablo claims '.of Mr. Charles Meredith -j liaving to ' ., be met by ' tlio Ministry, , ri'lio bestowed upqii liim tho, offico of Police , Magistrate . at' Launc'estori— a reluctant gift, as they could ill afford to lose his vote. Mr. Braddon, a retired Indian official, was returned in his place for the West Devon constituency, and the now Member was, when Parliament re- assembled, found sitting, and acting with the Opposition loaders. In the Council the Hons. T. D. Chapman and John Lord, whoso seats expired by effluxion of time, were re-elected without opposition. Meanwhile two of the Ministry, Messrs. Crowther and Reibey, were still further weakening their claim to the allegi- ari'ce'of tlidir supporters by theirinterfererice with tho;' now notoriouS j'Konny case. This intorfer- onco was ! not;. oqly r active but openly indecent, and accordingly the Ministerial party felt vory much humiliated at the conduct of their leaders, and, at a caucus of Parliamentary supporters, Mr. Crowther and Mr. Reibey wore told that their resignations were abso- lutely necessary, in the interests of the party, and two of their colleagues and two pri- vate Members, the Colonial Treasurer, Attor- ney-General, and Messrs. Risby and Balfe, were appointed a deputation to wait on the leader of the Opposition, asking the assent of that party to a coalition, contingent on the resignations of the Frontier and Colonial Secre- tary. This assent was not given by Mr. Giblin, who very properly consulted his supporters, and then, with their approval, declined the offer. It was felt that irrespective of the indefiniteness of the deputation's powers and status, the members composing it were not in a position to make pro- posals of so important a character ; that the circumstances were not such as to call on the Opposition to interfere with Government in the discharge of duties which had not been thrust upon thorn, but into which Ministers had thrust themselves, without any thought as to the in- terests of the public ; that the Colony and the Legislature were not ripe for a coalition, and that, if they were, the circumstances under which it was proposed were of a character to forbid its boing even entertained. The resolu- tion of the Opposition was intimated to the Colonial Treasurer, who frankly admitted that he had never expected any other results. The Government party, therefore, received into more the erring Ministers, if not into favour, at least into toleration, and they were allowed to go on, under the impression that they were re- modelling their taxation proposals. Vain hope and false impression as it turned out eventually. Parliament was re-opened on the 9th September, and it was thon found that so far from the Ministry having taken pains to find a better method of taxation to propose, they had simply their old already-rejected proposal of a Property and Income Tax, with the alteration of the 24 per cent., or 6d. in the £, to 8d. in the £. The utter absurdity of such a proposal in the face of past events was palpable even to their supporters. The Ministry, however, died hard. Having gained their position unscrupulously, they used every artifice to retain it, and when a vote of want of confidence was carried de- manded a dissolution. This was refused, the same persons having boon defeated on the same policy only two years since. Reluctantly the Ministry resigned, and Mr. Giblin; who was entrusted with the formation of a Government, took the preliminary steps, in deference to a general wish in and out of Parliament; towards the formation of a coalition Ministry. Here again Messrs. Reibey and Crowther, consistent only in their self-seeking and selfishness, stopped the way, and did all they could to prevent the effort being a success. Their opposition proved abortive, so real and strong was the desire for a cessation of idle child's play, which was rendering the Colony contemptible. Eventually, a Coalition Ministry was formed, Mr. Giblin patriotically resigning his undoubted right to the Attorney-General's office, in order to secure his colleagues. The now Ministry was composed in the following way :— Premier and Colonial Treasurer... Mr. W. R. Giblin Colonial Secretary.. Mr. Wm. Moore Attorney-General Mr. J. S. Dodds Minister of Lands 'Mr. C. O'Reilly Without portfolio.. Dr. Agnew. On October 30 the Ministry were sworn in, and Parliament, having voted Supplies for the ro- mainder of the year, and authorised the issue of Treasury Bills -to enable Ministers to finance while preparing their measures, was adjourned till January 13; 1880. All the Ministry were returned unopposed. So terminated, so far as Parliamentary proceedings are concerned, a barren year. The Ministry have since been occu- pied in preparing to meet Parliament with proposals to supply that deficiency which was estimated when the Crowther Govern- ment took office, and which now actually exists. A general satisfaction is felt at the turn in affairs, and in matters of State we enjoy the relief of those who feel they have got quit of an incubus. Th Crowther-Reibey Ministry, born of faction and obstruction ; nursed in selfish anxiety for office and its social status ; matured in corruption ; trading on the barter of official position for political support ; and producing the fruits of incompetency and general distrust, has, after a fitful career of ton months, died of sheer inanition with none to mourn its untimely end. The very supporters who placed the leading Members in power, wore the first to express their disappointment, and the loudest in their contempt. Messrs. Crowther, the late Premier, and Reibey, the late Colonial Secretary, have been relegated to their natural insignificance, after having been pronounced, the biggest poli- tical shams of the day. To the now coalition we look for liberal measures to place the Colony in that secure position she ought to occupy and which has been perilled by these false friends— measures that shall meet with the cordial approval of Parliament and of the people—and we expect with confidence the provision of such measures by the present Colonial Treasurer when Parliament reassembles, a fortnight hence. The Main Lino Railway question is only one of many important one's that have been pushed into the background during the present year. No stops have been taken, or are likely to be taken; to give the notice neces- sary in event of a contemplated purchase of the line, and Mr. Fincham, the Government Engineer-in-Chief, has reported in anything but a complimentary way on its present condition. Compliance has been promised with the recom- mendations of the report in regard to the improvement of fences, culverts, earthworks, rails, etc. The rolling stock has been added to considerably during the. year, and the first-class accommodation is now very much improved. Several of the country districts have been agi- tating for Government branch lines of railway. The Hunt case has found its parallel, thanks to Messrs. Reibey and Crowther, in the Kenny case, the unsavoury nature, of which has for months tainted the air of the Colony. Mrs. Kenny, the matron of the New Norfolk Asylum for the Insane, and a protégé of the above named gentlemen, brought an infamous charge against the Surgeon Superintendent of that institution, Dr. Huston. It is generally believed the intention was to ruin him by indefinite rumours, and proposals with this purpose having been made to a relative of the Surgeon to have the matter hushed up, he re- fused to allow his official position to be so prostituted, and insisted on a public enquiry. Thus driven to bay, the accuser was heard before the managers of the Institution, who found the charge unfounded and malicious. She then appealed to the Criminal Courts, and the Magistrate, after three days' enquiry, refused to send the case to a higher Court. Mrs. Kenny was then herself arraigned on a charge of perjury, the action of the Attorney-General in insisting on this course in spite of his colleagues and their connection with the woman, as well as the gentlemanly way in which he himself con- ducted the prosecution, winning golden opinions from all sorts of people. The jury wore unable to agree upon a verdict, and were discharged. Mr. Crowther, who had before interfered with the managerial enquiry, now out-Heroded Herod, by heading a futile attempt to got up a sub- scription to pay, Mrs. Kenny's legal expenses. In the subscription list, with which ho identified him- self by attaching his signature to it, the action of Government, and especially of his own Attorney- General, was severely criticised, Mrs. Kenny was spoken of as innocent, and the case generally misjudged and misrepresented. A long debate in the Legislative Council terminated in a vote of censure being passed on the Premier for his action in the matter. The Council and Board of Education have hold tlioir .oompetitivo'oxaminations, ;and the, various bodies of , : lesser , rank among onr. educational establishments have also during tho past month hold their-, yearly examinations, and' have had their uprise,, -distributions. .. The, riRev.-:. George Clai'ko was President for, .the year, Tho great prizes of the year, tlie two-Tasmanian Scholar ships, producod fivo competitors, ;ofiwhom only one was successful in, Teaching tho standard of marks required j at the examination. This was Mr. G.' A. Webster,, the son of Mr. A. G. Webster, merchant, of Hobart: Town., who ac cordingly received: tho grant ; of. £200 for four JQUiatUOJI(»UlU MU.ailJ' 'IJJIIVIOII 11LY WlOiby I i A'Ul tlio Degree of Associate of Arts, twenty-five candidates passed the preliminary examination. , ; Of these :twentyrtwo, succeeded in acquiring ,the :, desired .honours ; thirteen obtaining first .class: i degree;, three, ,socond, class, and , six, third class ! Tho Council's Gold Medal. fell to Master C. S. ; Dowdell;) son of Mr; | Charles Dp wdell, ship owner, ,tliat young gentleman, having. attained ; tlio -highest average iriarks. A young lady stood ; sixth in tho list, i the, highest position :over i attained by a'lady cari'didato; arid it' is'! generally1 understood that, liad she been less ( nervous she- would havo 'hold a' still' moro honourable placo. ! Tho appearance the candidates had made was reported as ,donoting"ii" satisfactory standnrd of education,. and as bearing testimony to a largo amount of preparatory ' study.' 'Dowdoll also took two Scholarships, one of £10, and a Minor of £40. Tholatterwas only established this! year, the object being to assist tho two mala associates, under -the ago, , of 19, who stand highest on tho class; list for, tlio year, and .who ' declare tlioir intention of continuing llioir studibsj with' a' viori' of obtairiing a 'Tasirianiaiv' Solidlar- j ship if possible. The sooond was taken by Percy L.i Watorliouso. , Early, in tlio yonr. the samo.Minor 'Scholarship ri'as, conferred upon Masters Fred, j Lodge arid 0. E. Webster. Th'o Maonaugh ton ! Scholarship was;takon by P. Hood ,' and tlio Now-! castle by C. E;' Knight. Tlio-Horton College j Scholarship was taken by John Warnock. Tho, examinations for tlio Gilchrist Scholarship wore1 also hold, tho papers boing forwarded to England; in' this usual : manner. 1 The tiro Exhibitions of the Council to . suporior schools woro taken .by. Masters H. 0. Davenport rind G. E. demons.! The Board's Exhibitions woro taken by : — Boys : John Wilcox, W. F. Rider, L D. ..Bpll, ,J. E. M. Roclio, G. B: Toan, nnd 0. L. Mason. jGirls : Annio Davis, Jessio Blair,,- Graco Hollirigs,1 Harriet Cole, Jossib Downward. Tho vexed question of, wliat shall' bo considered superior schools'for girls has been settled by tho adoption' of a rule, that the Exhibitions,, to suporior schools; 'held' by females; sliall bo tonnblo nt any school whioli shall prbyo ' to tho satisfaction . of tho Board in the first iristancb, and subsequently by tlio production of tlio quarterly cortifieates, that the teaeliing staff employed in such schools is adequate to' carry on tho instruction given therein to tho standard for tho A. A. Degree. i _ v».' An important feature is tho' course taken with respect to!- the re- oponing of Christ's Collego, wiiicli has been closed for several "years. The religious services and ritual to bo used in the College, and tlio theological instruction to be -imparted thereat, will.be. in accordance with the practice ari:V principles of tlie Church of Eng land. "No religious tests whatever will be im posed... upon youths desirous of entering the Collego, and attendance upon tho rcligioii3 ser vices of tho College will not bo compulsory upon any students whose parents or guardians may state, in writing, their objection to such attend ance, but boarders will bo expected to attend daily prayers. Entrance examinations aro to be hold early in March and September of each j'ear. There aro also regulations as to dii vinity students. Tlio opening examinations will tako placo this month, when several scholarships attached to tlio foundation will bo awarded. The Warden, Rev. J. C. Whall, M. A., Oxon, has arrived from England, and suitable promises havo beon acquired in Hobart Town for tho College. Tasmania has been represented at tlio Sydney -Exhibition, but it is noiv only too well known ithat slio has missed tho mark, and that, instead (of displaying Buch a collection of specimens of ! her industries and produce as should earn them ' -publicity and increase lier trade, the Tasmania!! 'Court -has beon allowed to become crowded jwitli a lot of useless trash that ought l never to havo boen sent to Sydney, or jhavc seen tlio insido of tho Garden Palace atall. Early in tho year a Royal Commission (was appointed with Sir J. ,M. Wilson as chair- iman, but that gentleman, has. unfortunately been j prevented , especially during tlio hit tor part of the j proceedings, from taking any vory active part in thorn; through the,, dangerous condition of his -health. , The .Crowther Ministry wero singularly unhappy in thoir constitution of the Commission,, \--the country municipalities and the several agri cultural and .other associations, which ought to havo been included in it, being entirely ignored. , 'l'ho. .Commission at onco divided into two, North and South, mid the Government further stultified its action by bike warm support in Parliament, allowing without a protest, partly certainly on tho authority of the secretary, Mr. H. M. Hull, tho proposed vote of £2,000 to ! lapse into one of £1,000, which was declared to bo sufficient for tlio purpose. Considerable efforts we're made in the collection of exhibits, and the : accounts brought back after tho opening of the Exhibition of the Court wore of a vory cheerful character. Rumours, however, began to circu late that all was , not right. It was stated too ; little bare had been takon in the selection of cx- hibits, many of those shown boing totally un- : suitable. Tlio absence of a proper handbook, and tho want of provision 'for tho proper conduct of " tho Court' wero also pointed : to, and it ; is , now genorally felt that : whether the management of tlio Molbourne Court be- different, or no, in personnel , it must bo conducted very differently. It is considered vory desirable that; the Colony should bo repre sented at thoMolbournelnternational Exhibition for, 1880, hoped, redound to her benefit after all. WJiat- over tlio mistakes, however, tho Colony has much cause to' thank the Commission for its honorary labours, and especially Mr. P. A. Jennings arid 'his1 secretary, 'Mr.' 'B. 'H. D'Avigdor, for their valuable representation of tho Colony at Sydnoy, and for tlio earnest manner in -which tlioy . .have .supported hor interests there, and laboured on hor behalf ; but for ivhieli oven tho irioderato amount of success could not. have beon attained to. The approaching harvest season is likely to he tho best wo havo had for years past, and though there has latterly been rather more rain : than desirable, tho damage done to tho hay crops promises to bo more. than compensated by. an abundant yield of cereals. - All over tho Colony tlio crops never looked bettor, and a super abundance .of .food, while . proving . remunerative to tlio ownors of stock, must benefit the con sumer of meat in. lower prices than have ruled for a long- time. Tlio haymaking has boen inter fered with, by tho heavy rainfalls, but tho orchards and gardens have not beon much riffeetod. Agrieulturo genorally has beon over- shadowod by tlio mining -industry, which, with liiushroom-likp.growth, lias made so sudden an appearance among us. Still, plenty of labour was found for tho harvost operations of 1879, and wp may hopo for tho same this yonr. Tho hop'groiving industry is uudor a cloiul owing to tlio falling off in tho yield rind competition from New Zealand, but tho failuro of tho English crop will, it' is hoped, increase tho demand. Both in sheep and wool tho pre-cmincnco of Tasmanian breeding has been shown by tlio high-; position taken by hor stock at tho Exhibition competitions... Tlio Shows of the various Agricultural and Pastoral Societies throughput tlie Colony havo boen very well sup ported and the attendances havo beon good. Tlio Volunteer movement may now be said to be fairly established amongst us, and much timo has been devoted by officers' and men to their military training, tlio former liaving succeeded in passing thoir examinations, and tho regiments as a whole have always gained tlio approbation of thoso before whom tlioy havo beon called upon to display their prowess. There havo beon tho usual number of reviews, inspections, church parades, balls, while rifle shooting has also received an impulse from the saino cause, tho contests of tho Riflo' Associationsboingnow much moro numorous and .hotter attended by competitors than tliey worq. when supported only by civilians. The Vice-Regal , approval was extended to tho Volunteers in a marked way early in tho year by tho presentation of Colours by Mrs. Wold, worked by herself arid daughters. Other manly sports flourish amongst us as thoy should do in every British . community. . - Race . meetings, regattas, and athletic sports of all kinds have boon frequently hold arid well patroriiscidj whilst crickot, football, hunting, . coursing, havo bach thoir ardent" votaries. Tho Theatre ' has been woll patronised; 'Mr. W. J. Holloivay, who was tho lessee during tlio earlier part of tho yoar, and who introduced us to the English actor, William Creswick, is again amongst us with ii good com- pany.0 trior entertainments of a social character have Veeriv numerous -'arid' -varied," wliilo tlio musical world has beon evor Jon tho alert to provide for its friends after tho daylight has fled. - ' ' - Tho month ' of. Juno was made unpleasantly notorious by tlio. rioting which attended the visit or mission' of Pastor ;'Chiriiquy, :ri reformed, or apostate, priest, of, tlio Church of Rome. In tho North he-had beeri allowed to hold forth without molestation, and, as a consequence, his mission ,did not oxcite .mucli attention. But it' was quite different wlien; iie camo to Hobart Town. On Sunday, the day after his arrival, lie preached in severaVchurchos,, and on tlio., following Monday evening delivered, 'iri'the_Towri|Hall,' tho first of an ndvertis'od series' of lectures. But somo under current was evidently at work ; and next evening thorp' wqro.in.thb" Hall a small body of Roman Catholics', wild' iverb evidently bont on preventing tho Yecturer proceedinig ; and thoy succeeded, plii(3fly ''in7cons6qrieric'6 of tho inefficiency arid ouupiuivj Ui IIIIO iUllOU) UIIU tuu vlllluloll lliuivpu city . of - tho Supofintbndorit, Mr. Propsting. Tho'follbwing evoning tlio rioters had increased incumbers and inffioldriess;, The city was in!a Btato of-' considerable' excitement. Outside and irisido'the Town Hall crowds were assomblod of very antagonistic' materials;'- but any demonstra tion of turbuldnce'was 'confined to one section, i tlio police again still more Iririiontably proving its oomploto incompetency/: Tho Protestant clergy- ! mon and laymen who had formed thomsolves into a qommittoej to -support , Pastor , Chiniquy, , took j fli.eu'.aqforit witli beeo'fnirig, forrioaranco. , Tlioy ! 'riririqurib'o 7 of- .riext, 'night's! lectui'p,.arid oriiployed tlio.rioxt day in appealing ! tb'-th'o'CitOpiiricil and tho Government toiririin-| jtairi'tlm . peace (.on/.'Fridriy. night, jwlie'n Pastor j CKiriiquy'sV. rioxt' .ecturb' . was ariribuncqd. By I thisV'tiiiio'.' thelpiirpbrt of. .'those lectures' was much | los't'siglitiof in tho indignatiori- caused by a few; -turbulontifollows /being! ablri to ; offeetually stifle i -fro'edoniiof! spooeli: ; :and riiany.wlio had stoutly.! '; condemned', ihelmission fas' uncalled' ifor arid : uri- j ,wiso,.lont tlioir aid to thoi cause i of tho -'Pastor,; -bpcauso .tlioy found he was boing, over:awed byj rilbb-liiw.';'. and 'thus, !bu'tfor th'o iritorfovence of' fthb'autlip'rities . tlioro would' certainly havoi bebri ' a'"vory serious riot "on Friday. Th'oi volunteers wero.aceordingly placed uridor martial! -law; iaridl "bn» tlio -.Friday ' evening were placed in 1 1 readiness.-, tot- 1 act- should ! any repetition! . of - tlio . high-handed- - proceodings . of the . Roman; ,Ciitholics oontinuo;: Happily thoir clergy ,hoaded: by Bishop Murphy, iworb ablo-at the lnstmomont tq allay tlip .pasqionsof .tliOjriotors,. and,to per-; suadb'f.tlietri tb( return' to rth'bir liomos." Tho' lrictui'o was allowed' t'o. 'procood in quiotnoss, and' 'tlio right'oUfrisodbrii of spooch being tliiis vindi- ,catod;— tlio.. City soon .resumed its wonted quietude! 'In tliis way; bjr 'iifmnoss, tho Govern ment "repressed whiit iwould' uridoubtodly havo been' 'a serious matter, and probably tlio canso of blondsliod. , Tlio . Sup.oi'intendont t of . , Police,' whoso riupirieiioss attho outsotwiis trio primary causo of tlio flisturbanbbs growing to tho hoiglit 'tlioy did'has sinco boen allbwbd to resign his post. Tho Voluntbors groiitly iricreasod tlioir popularity by declining to recoivo tho gratuity to whicli'they wore ontitled under tho Act for tho services tlioy rondprpd on this occasion. ""Boydrid this oiitbi'dak' tho' various religious bodies havo managed' to live' together in har- > Imony. The annual Synods nnd other gatherings havo been duly held, and social gatherings, tea j . meetings, school anniversaries, and lectures hare j been unusually numerous. Two new buildings have been added to the ecclesiastical architecture j of .tlie . City, the St. Joseph's Industrial and ! Orphanage School and tho St. David's School- | room and Synod Hall, both spacious and highly j ornamental structures, well fitted to supply the : purposes for which they are intended. Tho j former belongs to the Roman Catholic Church, i and tlio latter to tho Church of England. Many I steps havo also been taken during tho year to promote the speedy rebuilding of St. Mary's Roman" Catholic Cathedral, and moneys havo been collected for that purpose. Several changes in the ministerial charges have taken placo in connection with all tlio religious bodies. The Temperance Societies and tho Societies for tho Prevention of Cruelty to Animals prcservo a health and useful existence. Mining of all kinds lias lately received a wonderful impetus in Tasmania, adding not only to tho working population of the Colony, hut providing many of our own residents with a new form of labour, opening up a calling for many of tho rising generation, and affording a now outlet for capital and a now interest for capitalists, many of whom havo already reaped a rich reward. The existence of metals of all descriptions is now universally accepted, for while thoso of the fields which aro closo to tho inhabited districts have yielded abundantly of their precious burden, those moro remote havo been visited by dauntless pioneers, from whom sufficient and palpable evidence has beon ob tained that when communication has been opened up with tlieso distant tracts — distant only by means of thoir inaccessibility — tliey, too, will bo ;found prolific in their yield. Tho road making and provision of other facilities for reaching the \- West arid North- West Coast has made progress, but lnu cli still remains to bo done, the way to tlio West Coast at present being by sea, and that only at long intervals. Largo num bers of miners have arrived in the Colony during the year, and though many of the reported grand discoveries have turned out to be myths, and though in insolated in stances some of our visitors havo retreated from us disappointed, the majority havo re mained with us as colonists, hardworking, steady, and already showing that they tako an interest in the management of tlio affairs of thoir new home. Though there have boon no grand discoveries. tlio new fields that havo been openod lip havo. .onabled tho industrious worker to gain a comfortable competence. Mining in tin was at a low ebb during tho early months, but tho lato- rise in price has led to a corresponding in crease in the output. A great impulse was thereby given .to tlio, North-East Coast, where many claims that had been abandoned as unpay able, wero again taken up and worked at a satis factory profit. But tlie great source of profit has been tho mine of tho Mount Bischofl' Company., Ono is almost tempted to plagiariso Byron, and writo of " Mount Bischoff, the monarcli of mountains, they crowned him long ago," so great is the deserved admiration and reverence with which Tasmanians generally regard this apparently inexhaustible sourco of wealth. Since the formation of the company thirteen dividends, amounting in all to £7 per share, havo boon paid on shares on which only 20s. has been paid up. A total amount of £84,000 lias thus been distributed in dividends, and as the 20s. shares aro now worth over £20 a, piece, -tho fortunate- possessors of them havo riiado a lucky hit! The total valuo of tho exports of tin and tin oro for tho year amounted to £300,000, . as against £308,000 in 1878. Good work has boen dono on tlio various goldfields, and largo quantities of the precious metal havo been despatched from the Colonj during the year, it being estimated, including that going by private hands, at nearly £200,000. Tho alluvial mining at Beaconsfiold was vory productive, and lately work has boon quieter, ponding trie erection of machinery for further development of reefs. At Nine Mile Springs tlioro have beon several good crushings of stono, as also at the Denison, Matliinna, and Mangana. Constantly from timo to timo packets of gold have como to Launceston from Lisle, Mount Arthur, and small quantities havo also been received from tlio Pioinan and West Coast generally. Tho scarcity qf. provisions and absence of tracks has retarded the development of this part of. tho country. Some good seams, of co.il aro being worked at Jerusalem', York Plains, Brum Island, etc., tho coal commanding a ready sale in tlio townships. Copper, silver, and other motals have also boen found in limited, quantities. The municipal year has been ono of great and important changes, somo of which havo been long needed, and from all much benefit is antici pated. Radical reforms in tlio police force have beeiv effected. Tho Superintendent, Mr. Prop sting, was permitted to resign his position, to which, after a keen contest, Mr. Frederick Pedder was elected, with tlie approval of tho groat mass of tlio citizens, whoso verdict has been since amply comfirined by the 'judgment and discretion with which the duties have beon commenced. Numerically tho forco has been increased, and under a code of rules sanctioned by the Governor-.iii-Council, under the authority of the Hobart Town Police Provident Fund Act, passed during tlio last session of Parliament, several of tho older inomber3 of tlio forco have been superannuated, wliilo the position and status of tlio other men has been much improved by tho somo rules. In tho Waterworks De partment, a mile of now stono troughiug, commenced tlio previous year, has beon com pleted during tlio year, by whicri a considerable quantity of water will, bo saved from being wasted, an advantago which is simply inestim able ; the, cost of the work, including 'flagging for covering, in all about £3,300, has boon liquidated out of tlio vater rates. It is also in tended to consolidate the various Water Acts, to eriablo the Corporation to go. into tho London market to raise aloan of £100,000, part of which will bo appropriated to paying off tlio old deben tures. The amalgamation of tho offices of Director of Waterworks and City Surveyor resulted in tho appointment of Mr. James, a gentleman of acknowledged ability. A Clqrlc of Works : and - Assistant y Collector . have also beon addod to tho staff -during tho yoar. Great improvements liavo been, mado in the Town Hall, Fish Market, arid off tho wharves, and an iiriproved plan for sewago reriioval was submitted to- the Council; but could not be pro ceeded witli for . lack of funds. , Groat interest was taken in the municipal elections throughout the onlonyl Mr. W. 'H. Burgess was re-elected Mayor of Hobart Town, and Sir. Adyo Douglas was chosen Mayor of Launceston. Deatli lias been busy ' thinning tlio ranks of our loading men, and leaving gaps it is in many instances hard to fill. - In the first rank must bo placed with sorrow tlio name of Sir Robert Officer; who died off - July 8, at NowNorfolk ;1 a gentle: man who, through a career extending over more than half a century, rendered notable service to tlio Colony, not only in his capacity ns a medical 11UI.11) UUU <13 ill luuutwy binUJlWoti, iilLUllRjtCU in acclimatisation, and as' a "politician; and a warm friend to the cause of ...education. On January 17 diod Mr. Philip Turner, . of Sechcrpn, Battery Point, n. distinguished officer of the Commissariat Department. Ho was also a Military, Companion, .of tlio Most Honourable Ordor'of the Biitli'; arid at tlio termination of tlio Crimean War, . was one of tlioso recom mended to.Louis Napoleon for tho distinction of tlio jtegion of Honour,' conform! upon persons 'of merit' connected with that 'expedition; " Ho spoilt; the last years of his life iff Tasmania, having' retired on half-pay, and! interested hirii- j Bolfwiirml' in tho working of our ''-system of education and -in tho other public, institutions. On February 8, the Hon. W. D. Grubb,' M.'L'.C!, I of 'Launccstori , broa tliod.liis last very suddenly I from: disease of tlio hoarh. Mr.; Grubb ; served tho Colony for ten years as a' politician, arid; brought to tho discussion of ovory question the; shrewd common . sonso that ivas especially his. Ho was much respected as an upright and inde-j -pendent politician, arid ris a leading iriomber ofi tho logal profession in tlio North. On ' March! -23, --Mr. :W. -0. Bowman, of Chcshunt, near; Deloraine, diod in Launcuston, after a rcsi j donee of - many yoars . in tlio Colony, during! which ho was connected - with tlio agricultural: arid pastoral pursuits. On tho following: died another settlor of upwards of 50 years, Mr. William Archer, senior, of BricUondon, Long-: .ford,, who, living entirely on- liis, estate, bred for| many yenrs thoso fino wool morino slicep which) are tho prido of tho Colony. In June nows was received of tho:doath in Italy of tlio Right Rov.: .Francis. (Russell Nixon, first Bishop of; tho; Church of England in Tasmania, but who h'nd resigned his episcopal chargo in 1803 from fail-, inghoalth. Aftor a short rosidon'co in' England! ho wont to Italy,: to tlio vicinity of Lako Slag j gioro, whore- ho bought a villa,, mid whoro bo eventually died. On Juno 15 died Canon Irvino, of Hagloy, aftor acting ns chnirman of- tlio Northern Arelidonconry of tlio Church of England for many yoars j followod Boon by a' brother clorgymuri, Rov. J. ' Burrowos,' of; Brighton. On May 23 Captain William Langdon1 breathed his last — a warm supportor of tlio samo Church, for whom ho built a placo of worship on his own ostato, arid for many yoars a member of tho Logislatiro Council of tho Colony. About tho same timo nows was rc» ceived of tho death of Mr. Arthur Dobson, in the Zulu war, whoro ho was .fighting with tlio Frontier-Light Horse ; and another young Tas manian, Mr. Charles Williamson, Tasmanian Scholar in lS73,dicd in London from diphtheria, after only three days' illness. In Juno diod tho Rev. George Gritncell, Church of England curate in charge at Glcnorchy ; and Mr. Hull, of Tolosa, tho oldest public officer in the Colony, having arrived here in chargo of tho Com missariat Departmont in tho yoar 1819. Tho Supreme Court Roll has tlireo erasures, through death— Messrs. J. H. Hookoy, J. R. Ball, and William PUt. Tho medical profession, has lost Drs. Edwards, of Hobart Town, nnd J. W. Pring, of Mount Bischoff. Three Tasmanian Pressmen have joined trie groat majority.'Messrs. C. W. Hall,J. C. Patterson, and John Kidgell. Amongst other old colonists died during the yoar may be mentioned Mr. Nigel Gresley, manager of tho Union Bank, Hobart Town, for many years ; Captain Edward Lucas ; Mr. Williani Wells, sottler, of Circular Head ; Mr. David lilncKay, Mr. Titus Toogood, Mr. James R. Robertson, all of Hobart Town ; Mr. William Dean, of Belmont ; Mr. Bogle, of Torquay ; Mr. Patrick Henry, of Port Cygnet; and Messrs. Thomas Martin and Donald Macqueen, of Launceston. So runs our littlo history. "Wliilo tlio Mother Country lias beon wearied with littlo wars wo havo liad tlio blossings of peaeo. Wliilo even the sister Colonies have been internally rent asunder by tlio dissensions fomented by tlio demagogue and trading politician, horo they have had littlo powor, and we may hope that in the future thoir outcries , ivill havo even less weight. ' Genorally, trade is in a satisfactory condition; ; though in somo branches it is . feared that in creased protection by otlior Colonies will affect us materially. ! Tasmania has not escaped the' universal depression, but it lias not suffered, much. Trado obligations aro being well mot. The prospects of favourable crops wero. never better. The increased valuo of metals has given ' a renewed impetus to tin-mining, poor ground that no one would look at a few months' ago ! being now worked. Gold-mining is being prose cuted with increasingly satisfactory results, tlio exports for the year exceeding the totals of tho four preceding years, and being three times that of lust yoar. The export valuo of tin for tho year approaches tho high value for last year. Tho general valuo of oxports is in excess, and though the revenuo shows a falling off compared with tliat of last year, the receipts considerably ox- ! cecd expectation. Altogether, our position/is a ' favourable ono, and wo liavo good grourids for again wishing our friends - ; A Happy-New Yeah. - ji Intercolonial Files. — Tho b.s.' Mangaua,' which' arrived at Launceston yesterday from - Melbourne, brought the following files of intercolonial papers .Victoria, 29th inst.; New South Wales, 25th, to 27th inst.; South Australia, 2Gth and 27th irist.; and Queensland, 22nd to'24th inst. . .. The GovEiiNORsmr of Tasmania. L-The, London correspondent of tho Town and Country Journal '(Sydney) writes Mr. Weld, the Governor of Tasmania, will Bhortly be made a K.C.M.G. It is still thought that Lord Hardwicko may sueqeed him." The statement about Lord Hardwicko was made some months' ago, and' afterwards contra dicted. In a subsequent paragraph the same correspondent .says : — "A rumour is current in diplomatic circles to tlio cifeot that Sir Henry Bulwor, K.C.M.G., now Governor of Natal, will , probably recoivo the first offer of the Governorship !of Tasmania, when Mr. Wold retires." ! Oun Fruit ' Crop.— Tbo Hobart Town oorre- spondent of the Aryus states'- that : the fruit crop hero is very small, aiid.that the apple crop is almost a failure. LeBt the peoplo of. Victoria should bo ! deceived, we may stato that the fruit crop- is very : large, as is evidenced to soino extent- by the fact that the prices now being paid are. less than last season; while tlio apple crop is not a failure, though in many of the gardens the trees are . not so loaded' as they have been in preceding years,. Naval Funeral. — The funeral! of .Nathaniel Ward, the lato steward to Commodore Wilson, of . H.M.S. Wolvorone, took placo yesterday morning, and was attended with naval honours. 'The de ceased was taken to tlie Goneral Hospital on tho 23rd ult., suffering from rheumatic fever, and ho succumbed to the malady on Mondny night; last.. The funeral left tho hospital for tho. Queenborough Cemetery at 10 a.in., Mrs. .Wilson and. Miss Fraser being present. A firing party consisting of a number of the royal marines, with their arms reversed, headed the procession, .with the brass band behind them. Then camo the body of de ceased, mounted on a gun-carriage, which was drawn by a body of- twenty sailors. Tho coffin was covered with tho Union Jack, and flowers were strewn ovor tho flag. Tho pall-boarers were composed of tlio stewards of tlio different officers messes on tlie ship. Bohind the gun car riage a large body of the sailors walked. Tho offioora were next, and Commodore Wilson at the roar. The Commodore and tho officers woro white pants, and liad tho tops of their caps. covered with white, con trasting witli tlio black of tho other portion of their- uniform. _ The sailors had on their white suits with a black silk scarf tied on the left arm. The corKge was followed by tlie Commodore's carriage contain ing the Blioro domestics. 'IharoiUc traversed by the precession was along Liverpool, Elizabeth, Mac-' qaarie, and Mollo streets, and then on to tho Sandy Bay Road. The band played the " Dead Mareli in Saul" on tho way to the burying ground. A vory large number of peoplo accompanied tho funeral. Tho cometry was reached at 11 '15 a.m. The services wore performed by Rev. F. L. War- leigh, tho chaplain of tho ship. When the coffin was lowered into tlio grave the firing party fired three volleys ovor tlio romains, tlio customary salute being sounded by tho bugle after each volley. At tlio conclusion of tho ceremonies tlio order of inarch was resumed, and tlio Bailors returned to tlioir vossei, which was reached at 12-30 p.m. The band played several marches on tlio return journey." Rifle Match. — Wo understand- that arrange ments are being mado for a riflo, match between fifteen members of tlio Artillery and Rifles, and a siinilar number of mon. from -II, MlS. -Wolvdrene. Tho coritest will tako!placoat an early dat'0.7'" ' S. T. 'Rifle Association.— Tlie committee' met on. Wednesday in the Secretary's office, Mr. McDonald in the chair. After. -confirming -the minutes of lnet meeting, Messre. Thomas Ikln, sen., Mr. George Riohardsou, and Mr, George Farmer, were duly elected to ho members for 188p., The Secretary presented a draft report of tho proceodings of the year, which waa read nnd npprovod ; the absent members of committee' to'bb'giveri an oppor tunity of rcadidgitpriorto being laid before theaiiuual meeting whioli was fixed for Saturday, January 10. Tho treasurer's account current was laid on the table, showing''a balance ; in-', hand of X13 18s. 4d. The secretary reported that tho prizes won nt the-recent matches had boen presented by His Excellency tho Governor and His Worship , tlia '.''Mayor. ' 'It was resolved , that the officers of tho Wolvoronq. bo asked for a decision 'in /regard, to a!proposed' riflo match, between the nayal men iind tlio Association.' Tlio result of tho competition for His Excelionoy's Cup was reported, and-it- appeared that hut for two split bullets amongst tlo shots of Mr. H. Bowdon, of. tlio- Association, ths.aup wouhi lia vb remsiiied in Hobart Town,;. Lieut. (Room's score! at'. .Launceston Being 13S ; and Air. Ilowdon's score 137, arid two misses, as.ahove. . . . ftou.Dixr. Ijotiovebents.— Among' '-tho' recent in thojeity, oiio of tho: rriost- con-' spicuous. is the new j'acaie to'" llarcnurt's '-old established ; lronmongjry- warehouse, ' ' Elizabeth- street. The' front of this loug rango of.'premisos was formerly, of wood, but it is now.repLcedcby a higher ono of composto, at once chaste, effective, and lavish in- nroliiteohiral adornment. Tho design is -.tqohnically . descrilod as consisting of 'arched openings, supported )y pilasters and surmount!-. by a.handsome parapit, hearing -classie urns - iniwo centre and at either ea'd, . Cornices .arid-floral , oaps mid massive lines in relief, known.) to builders as projections, which rut right along tlio parap'ot;1 com plete tho ornameottl features, the'- wliolo being a fino pieeo of brfck' nnd- cement '! work. -; Tho sliop . has boon lengthened; 12ft., at . .each end, to mbet the requinmerits of Mri Hat-court's in creasing trade,' and illow more . room 'for tho dis play of tlie stock. .?ho ' windows are arched, '' and each of these largo ffhnninatora is ono magnificent slioct of pinto glass! Tlie reflectors show in dazzling array tho collection >f plate and other /goods with which, tho windows' ire filled, .In tho interior the offico has been groaty, pniargod, and almost rebuilt of polished codar. wtlii improved! lighting, and all -tho moat modern imiroyemerits. Tho showroom is .now. morn convt.-niintly 'roaohod, arid ' new .glaas teases fill the . shblvei'iri abrindiinbo,' wliilb 'for the storage of sewing nit-bines a"d otlior largo 'goods/a new room lias beeii'slded on tho Second floor; - Th'o _ wliolo fitting up of(tip establishniqiit, both insido nnd out, is replete vi til taste'aml 'oonvenibu6c, atid tlio proprietor is ti bo congratulated! upon tlio happy result of hisrintcrprisc.) . lu -tbo yard/addi tional sheds and' a s'tbslaiitial iron -rack i.linvo,1 also boen provided. TBt . builder's , portion, of -tliq; im provements was oarred out hy.Mr, T. 'A. Reynolds, and tho joinery and itti'ngs by Mr. Senhrpok.,;) ,,, . Benevolent Society. — A.-raeeting:qf',thq, Exeeii- 4- tive Oominittce of tlo B->iicvnlcut Society., was held nt tlie depot, Balbust-strcut, yosturday liftorrioori 1 resent— l)r. Hall -(chairman);' and! Messrs! (R. A. Matbcr and T. j. Ooiiab. , 'L'ho Registrar -reported v L' received ins a donation "tlio .sum "of 1 . riP" His Worsliip the. Mayor, -.on hohnlf of Mr. J, 0 Willi, mison. copyright hohtbr of tho -upora U. M.SJ'ina/ore. . Tho autu was a fourth part of Mr. WilUriiiou'a share of tho pronoods of tho lute ainatour pcrfonnimco at .tlio Town Hall .lbo. Registrar's yeclcly report statod that 40, cases, representing 131 ndividuala, had boon roliovod with P'"l threrhalf rations, Rotiirns wore sub- imttod from tlio low Town Invalid Dopfit, Bhowing that _7 paupers lad boon disohargod, Sovon appli cations for ioliof,vero thon investigated and granted, lu another ease he application was not outertainod, thoapplicunt faung to attend, 'after being requested New Y EAlt'a Eve. — The closcof the year 1879— which has been an eventful period in the history of nations and also of 1 that of onr own little world, Tasmania — and tho inauguration of tho year 18S0 — remarkable inasmuch .13 its second month comprises five Sundays, and tho ladies' privilogo of asking the gentlemen — were attended with the customary demonstrations. As usual, thoro were baud-i of persons, who, without any apparent object in view, perambulated tho . streets, somo indulging in tho hnrmloss amusement of chalking the now numerals on doors,, shutters, etc. Others who wore of a more thoughtful turu of mind, and realised that there are responsibilities connected with life, improved tho occasion offered by the change of years by spending tho few minutes preceding and following the limir of midnight at watch night services. The usual jubilant manifestations ' also took place intlie harbour. There was an elaborate display of fireworks, intermingled with the clanging of the ships' bells, and tho detonations caused by tho"rdiscbargo of the signal guns of the various vessels. Tho quiet which a qunrtor of an hour before midnight equalled that of a Sabbath evening, gavo way as the important hour approached to what might have, been almost called a mysterious manifestation of vitality. It is perhaps to be regretted that tho. intention,. jvas not ; better known, for a finer sight conld hardly bo conceived. As midnight, ap proached every site commanding the harbour had its occupants, and as the Old Year went out and the New Year came' in, a salvo of ship nrtillery roused tho city. This was kept up for some time, and -for somo half-hour each report of a jguu wan followed by a display of fireworks. The Lufra and tho Loongana wcro for a.. while almost ships on Grc. Their , docks , wore illuminated .by blue and pthar. ! lights, , whilo the Ethel responded shot for shot, and well supported the local . vessels in li display, of fireworks, while tho vessels of the T.S.N. Company,, having thrown down tho challenge, kept up the fire. Crowds looked on, but had the sight been anticipated thero would havo been thousands 1 ' for hundreds. ; 7' The Orient Service. — Wo understand (says tho i Si M. Herald) that the Orient Company are willing tOi .make the times of departure of their steamers ' from Melbourne and Adelaide alternate at a week's ' distance with thosa of the P. and 0. . vessels, and to | carry the mails, provided they bo allowed, our ; share of the postage on the lottors tlioy , convey. This arrangement,' which' is the same lis thateriter'ed into, .between the Cape Government and Messrs.'. Donald Currie and Conipany, seems.to hp fair to the vuuijiwujr UUVl UUYUUUlgttUUB iU 6I1UUU UUlOUXUtJs Furthermore, just as. the San Francisco , route, lias done 'good 'service in' prompting' trade between America and Australia, eo"it is not without its ad vantage that we'' should be "placed within so short a distance'.of 7 Cape Town and the promising districts which tho cessation of war will open up in South Africa. '. f U .7 ; ,i; v ; Theatre Royal, — The sensation drama '.which the management of tho Holloway. Dramatic Com pany have led off with this season .gave ; way . last night, but for one evening only, to, that triumph of modern comedy, Byron's OurBoys, which has twice been placed upon our stage before, once by Mr., W. J. Holloway, and onee by Mrs. Seott-Siddons.' The pioee is thus, though always "and' still a .favourite, no novelty to a Hobart Town audience. and though it was tho general opinion7 'last" night that the management had not "'manipulated.7 the forces at their command to tho "best r: advantage in casting the characters, yet n tho production generally wasworthy.'to'rank'as a very,. fair ; one. The play has been described so often that the names of its characters and those who have identified thom- solves .with them have become almost like " Honse- 9; Sold Words," whilst the," sparkling repartee with which tho_ dialogiio 1 abounds— tho ' war of wite— have in seme instances become as common amongst1 us' as the cat'cli' words ol'Pin'aJore have done in more favoured communities where it has been performed. Wo - have ' our traditions with regard to this comedy, and cannot' afford to have them lightly disturbed, <In thisi direction ' changes were! made that wore mistakes. Tho ovening itself was a naval festival. In thonour .of Commodore Wilson and tho officers' of , Wolverene, under whoso patronage the performance was given, and who were present in strong force, jthe Theatre was gaily decorated with ilags, tlio. principal box being also festooned with garlands of flowers.. The baud of the .vessel was also prescnt'in tlio orchestra, and iri'tlio 7 second ' piece — Bldck-etjetl Susan— given by desire, an A.B. danced a hornpipe.' '"Every part of the house was crowded, and everyone 'seemed pleased with, .tlie entcrtainmentwhich was'hot over until a late hour. . To-night the sensational' drama — Under the Gaslight — will be performed. I . ..PROrKSSOB PEprKR.— The, -programme of all, tho previous evenings was repeated at tho. Town Hall last night. An entirely -now programme is an nounced by the , Professor for to-night. The prin cipal attraction will he an illusion entitled ' 1 Fisher's Ghost," dcaliug with tho circumstances that led to the discovery of a murder, and subsequently to the conviction, confession, and execution of tho mur- dorcr. The programmo Will also comprise a series of optical illustrations styled ""Voyages in the Air." On Saturday there will bo two performances, in cluding. a" matiniei " 7 - 7 : The Circus. — The English Circus was moderately attended lust night, when an oujoyahle performance was given. The company exerted ,thpti)SelvoB to plcBBe, and, their efforts were .cordially ..received. The leaping over tho hacks of; riinb. liorsesj and Leopold's double somersaults afforded some pleasing sensationalism,' This afternoon and evening tlio circus will 'ngairi bo' open; arid being a holiday, this popular form of entertainment should he largely patronised. 7 . , City Police Court.-— Mr. Tnrleton, P.M., and Mr. "Perkins; J.P., sat at tho City Police Court yesterday.1 John O'Doanoll, one of tho crow of tlio Lufra; was' sent to gaol for a month, for being absent from tho vessel without leave, Hannah Howard was fined 20s. 6d. for disturbing tho peace; a month's imprisonment, in default "of payment. Margaret Smith was lined 10s. (id., with, the alter native of a fortnight's imprisonment, for tho same offence. Edward Moore, a ear driver, was;. fined 10s. fid. for leaving his cab unattended, while lie wa'sf drinking in an hotel. On being 'cautioned ho placed a' ohiTd in chnrgo of the vehicle, who was too young , to wind' it,-, and was hbsont about two hours. 'Excursion- Train to Launceston. — The special train engaged 'by tho Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, : and tho ArtilloEy Band, to take ex cursionists to the United Friendly Societies' Demon stration at Launceston to-day left Hobart Town at .10 .o'clock;, last night. , There, wero.Beycu carriages, five of tliiiiri first-class, and all ,,ivoro filled, tho exoursipnists numbering about 100. The Artillery Band inarehod to tli o station playing lively, .tunes attracting a great crowd in its wake, , The station proseritod a'very busy seone with tho- eager throng made up of tho intending holiday makers and their : friends.'1 -The hand kept up' its music'until tho train . moved away from the platform -when' the - crowd re. maiiiieg behind rapidly dispersed. 1 -Tho train is duo at Launceston at 7. o'clook - this ; morning, the only material stoppage being, made at AntilbPonds. A Fatai/Fall.— Summoning., officer i'Maum ro- portedat .tho City (Police Station yesterday morning inac a man naineci ivucuaoi r lizpacncic naa aiou ac 8 a.m. from injuries caused by falling down on tlio previous day. Deceased had hobccUj'attlendcd by doctor. Tlio Coroner was mado' fiequaihted with the ciioumstancFs'of His "death; " ' ',!'7 3':iSiRKOi,!G.1!Du'iTY.'— Th'e fdrpuif'stat'es that Sir Charles Gavan Dnfly'p'urposeji leaving for England 'on!Fehruaryrf20.'» -The hon." gentleman wilbprouably be away for two years. Hon.will be in ' England , during the general election', .- and this circumstance ; has given rise to a report tliatho willho a'can'didato .foria scat in tho House .off, Commons,.. .but ithe_-hon. ; gentleman lifts nd intentions of tlio kind,-, qs hereon- ' "templates a return to .Viotoiin.' fWhotnog hp ,will ; 'or will hot re-enter our' own Legislature' is another ; . question. . ; , , ... ( Libel A'ction'.'A' writ lias beeh sorvod 'on the I propriet'orB of the A rgu's by 'Mr!1 "Donald ' Cameron, "MiL. A'.l to'reeoyer £G,000'damnges for tlio insertion of tlio man Dawson'sjdtter, acousine him of- accept ing payment -of- £2 -for introducing him to the Minister of qnds, ,;;It is stated fsays tho Age) that evidencu of an 'important .character, which will enable liiin ,to, rofuteithe charge, has;heen placed ati 1 Mr. Cameron's disposal by_ft gentleman occupying a: ! good position at Bulla, :and that it .will ho made publip..ina.day;bf ( ' ; , , A general .meeting of members ,<if tlie,' Dcrwent Yacht' Club is to be'held at' the Bird-in-FIand Hotel to-morrow ovening, at STfi. i- A meeting of St. Joliu's Friendly Society will bo held on Monday, to consider, , tho , quostioui of medical attendance. An unclaimed message, addressed " Mrs, Gallagher, care of Mrs. Wilson, lXnin'p'deu ltoail," is lying at tlio; local telegraph oflico. mo,;-, - u, , " illl.)'1 I'd | 