THE STORY-TELLER. Jack and Jill. QBy GARqET WALOH.] At the Springs, about half way up the Mount, you know, old Woods and his wife, who live there, made us welcome. There we had breakfast and left some of the party who did not care to go on to the top, But we young fellows, and most of the girls, were not so lazy. Nothing short of the very tip of the Pinnacle would suit us, so on we toiled, Arnold still stick ing close to Jill, and Jack endeavour ing to stifle his feelings by constitu ting himself impromptu alpen-stock \---e+·tnermanhond.Aowtboreathoord-ub-aoll. Up over the stony track, while the lizards, frightened from their morning bask, scuttle away in scores on either side. Up past the lower ice-house, where the winter's snows are stored, to "coldly furnish forth" the summer beverages of the good souls far be neath in Hobart Town. Up through the belt of dead saplings, fringing the way like a hop garden, sans the vines. Up, past the higher ice-hou.u e, with a brief halt to admire its view from this point. Up and over the "Plough ed Field," where acres of boulders, tons in weight, lie piled and heaped and jumbled together, as ifthegiantsof " those days' had made the place a Corporation Reserve, and Titanic rubbish had been "shot here" with a vengeance. Up, higher still, across the brow of the mountain, until ambition is sated and weary limbs are' rested by a seat upon the very highest point of all-the " Pin •nacle." Here, fanned by a cool breeze from the south, we enjoyed the glorious panorama at our feet. I'm not given to spouting, but if any thing could ever stir me up to break ing out in that way it would be the views from grand old Mount Welling ton. Talk of your Alps, your Ap peeines, your Mont Blanc, and, your Monte Rosa, and so on, which some of our wool-kings and other aristo crats give hundreds of pournds to go and see! Why they've only got to jump on board of the T.S.N. Com pany's boats and run down to the tight little island to enjoy scenery every bit as good, with the additional comfort of having their own family Sand friends around them, and none of that beastly selfish feeling which a fellow must experience when he goes mooning over the Continent by himself, seventeen thousand miles away from relations, or even scqaain tances. It was two o'clock before we got back to the " Springs," where din ner was waiting us. A jolly dinner it was, you may be sure, for the tucker was good, and so were our mountain appetites. My word! how old Jopson did wire in to the veal and ham pie and the cherry tarts, and the bottled beer and that; you would never have thought so little a craft with such a small hold, could have taken in such a cargo. But he e?hjoyed himself, and so did the rest of us, all except Jack; and I think I was the only one there who detected the want of the usual hearty ring in Sthe dear chap's voice, or noticed that his cheerfulness was forced, and his zeal in making himself generally useful rather over-rated. Dinner was followed by rest, round games, and a few little strolls hither and thither until tea was ready. The arrange ment was that we should wait an hour or so after tea, and then descend to the " Cascade," at the mountain foot, where cabs would be awaiting us, by the light of the moon, then nearly full. Twilight had almost set in when we prepared to start on the home trip. As usual, on occasions of the kind, before leaving the ' Springs" a muster was called. Six were missing-Arnold, Jack and Jill, and three others. After awhile four I of these turned up; Arnold, escorting aPViotorian young lady, and Puggy Finch, with his cousin Amy (on whom I by the way, he was awful spoons, she who afterwards married quite another fellow). Where were Jack and Jill? On being questioned, the new arrivals stated that a party of six had strolled offin search of flowers and berries, immediately after tea, and bad stray ed a mile or two from the camp. Jack and Jillhad made a short cut through the bush, to get some extra fine berries Jack knew of, and the others, not wishing to accompany them,ihad walked quietly back. They would probably rejoin the main body in a few minutes. The few minutes passed, a quarter of an hour went by, the shades of night began to creep up the mountain, and, still no Jack-no Jill. "Cooing" was now resorted to, but without result. The moon, instead of illuminating the scene, now slipped behind some ominous-looking black clonds. At last, through the fast deepening gloom, there came a figure in a white dress. It was Jill, running at top speed along the track that shirted the mountain side. As she approached, we saw that her face was as white as her iress, and wore an expression of horror. Arrived in our midst, she was quite unable to utter a single word but fell down in a dead faint, which lasted for some minutes. When she was sufficiently recovered to tell us the sad truth, we learned that Jack, overreaching himself in the endeavour to obtain a special bunch of berries for her, had fallen down a very steep place-in fact, a precipica-at the bottom of which he was now lying, either senseless or dead, for he had never once replied to the repeated cries of his distracted companior. Dreadful news, indeed! But there was no time for tears or lamentation. A search-party was at once organised, and about a dozen of us (including a doctor, who was of the party), set off at full speed for the spot indicated by the exhausted girl. I managed to head the other fellows a little, and as I ran, my thoughts were, of course, full of but one thing: How were we to face Jack's widowed mother, down in Hobart Town, if we had to take her dear boy to her, dead. Oh Jack, old fellow; if I could onlyhave taken your place I pictured the accident much as I afterwards found that it had really happened. Jack, delighted at having a few moments of his darling's company all to himself, had been over-eager to please her every whim, and she com manding him with the graceful dignity of a young queen, 'had bid him do what seemed to be almost an impossibility. Then, in the moment of triumph, with the prize secured, ready to lay at his lady's feet, a treacherous bit of rock had given way, -and-the-poor boy was hurled on to the cruel roeks far below. Byathis time I was at the place, which, as far as I could tell by the little light there now was, must be the place where the accident had hap pened, Here flowers had evidently been recently plucked, for some were lying on the ground, and there, jut ting out into the darkness, was a piece of rock, with a small bush at its extremity. I peered over into the darkness beneath. Nothing to be seen; nothing to be heard. I shouted the old familiar name again and again, but always without response, save that of the echoes. My friends had joined me now, and we raised a louder shout together. Still no an swer from the deep black gulf at our feet. Night had fairly set in, and with it rain and wind, that lashed the forest treFs around us and howled dismally among the spectral branches of the gum-trees high o'erhead. The next thought was, of course, to des cend the cliff, but the last match amongst us was exhausted before we could fnd any way down the almost perpendicular face of the cliff. A. hurried consultation was held, which resulted in some of our number being despatched to the hut and the Springs, with orders to bring back matches, candles and rope, and to set the pie-nickers on their homeward road along the safe, if darkened, track. There was no accommodation Tor so large a party at the Springs; besides, their staying could do no good. So, with heavy hearts and little hope, if any, those who had set out that morning returned through wind and rain to Hobart Town, and we were left to re-commence oursearch. I shall never forget how the night passed. How unavailing were our efforts to discover a means of reach ing the bottom of the gulf. How our candless were extinguished, as soon as lighted. How torches, flung down into the darkness, went out before theyltouched the ground, or shone only as mere red specks of glowing light as they lay, flameless, hundreds of feet down? How no voice ever came back to our renewed shouts; and, how heart-sick and'l numbed with the wet and midnight cold, we waited for the dawn. At last it came. A dull, grey streak shone over in the eastern sky above the further tree tops, and broadened slowly into day. Gradually we could see further and further into the chasm below, until the sharpest sighted amongst us discerned the bottom, and gave an anxious horcto-stricken look for the mangled form. We had been peering thus for a moment, when we turned simultaneously to each othes. There was a new and strange expre'sion on each face, which would have told its own tale to any spectator. It meant simply this-that poor Ja kI's mangled corpse was not at t~he bottom of the piecipice, The body had disappeared. That same morning there was a sad party assembled at breakfast in Jill's father's house. No news had come from the Mountain; and no news, in this instance, meant bad news. The elders began to talk amongst them selves as to who should break the sad intelligence to Jack's mother (to whom a message had been despatched on the previous evening, accounting, in a friendly, false way, for his absence). Jill sat eying her untouched cup of tea, the great round tears welling up from the depths of her beautiful eyes, and rolling silently down her fair cheeks, Those eyes had not been closed through all the many watches of the night; those carmine lips had never ceased to pray for " Dear, dear Jack;" -that little heart had throbbed and throbbed so painfully, those sad dened thoughts had made confession that, after all, gawky or no, Jack had been the best, the very best and kind est lad that ever breathed; so gentle, so tender, yet so manly in his ways; so ready with a8 smile, or some slight service, some thoughtful action; and now to think that he was lying dread fully wounded, or, perhaps, even worse, and all her fault-the fault of her wicked wilfulness-her horrid stubborn pride, which had made her tease and worry the poor fellow, in stead of treating him kindly, as he so well deserved. So the big tears kept welling and dropping, the egg re maied unchipped, the toast unnibbled, and Jill continued in her reverie of pain until - until what? Why until this:-A figure darkened the doorway, and a voice cried " Here are your berries, Jill l" There was no mistaking the gawky figure. There was little doutt about that unmusical voice. They both belonged to Jack. Yes, to Jack! Who stood there smiling, hale and sound, with the identical berries in his hand which had led to his accident. No ghost, as Jill first thought. Certainly not. For when she ran, trembling all over with mingled joy and fear, and nestled in those large old arms, he soon convinced her, by a flesh and blood squeeze, that there was nothing immaterial -about him. Andso they all eat down to breakfast once more, and as a proof of how the mind acts upon the body I?dont care if I tell you, in confidence, that more toast and a fresh relay of eggs had to. be ordered in, before the meal was~over and Jack's congratula tions and story were well finished. Thiswas the story, as we heard it for ourselves, when, two or three hours afterwards, we entered the house, with faces as long as fiddles, and primed with our narrative of how we had searched every bush, nook, and cranny, without finding the mutil ated body of him whom we saw sit ting before us, as jolly as a sand-boy with three empty egg shells on his platq, and his left hand under the table, suspiciously corresponding witlh a.similar invisibility on the part of Jill's right digits. This was the story as-told u~ briefly; Jacl, after lying stunned some time, for he had escap ed death by falling, first on a tuft of bushes, half way down the cliff, and finally on a spongy morass at the bottom, had partially recovered his senses, and had, in a dazed state, at first crawled, and then slowly walked along the gully, untill he saw a split ter's hut in the distance; there he had been attended to by the occupants and had fallen into a heavy sleep un till daylight, when remembering how anxious his friends must be, he had set off for town, and? as Jill's house lay on his road home, why, he natur ally called there first. We could not understand, even with a temporary rest on the way, how Jack could have fallen two or three hundred feet with out being killed outright, and this remained a bit of a mystery until some days after, when, re-visiting the scene, in Jack's company, I found that I had mistaken the spot where he fell over, and had lit upon a some what similar point of the cliff, nearly a hundred yards from the place where he really did fall, and where the cliff, although very precigitous, was less then fifty. feet high. So we were all j.lly once again, especially Jill; whom Idon't think could have looked more ladiantly happy than she did that morning, with her dear old sweetheart by her side. Stay ! I'm wrong again. I did see her looking even happier on oneioccasion, but from a similar cause, for it was again Jack's presence which lighted up the sunny face. and ~minade those previous dimples extra dimplish. Jack's presence, not as her sweetheart but as her husband, was, about three years after the eventful day of the accident. I had the honor to be best man, and I am prepared to swear I never saw a better matched, more thoroughly nice couple in my life than Jack and Mrs Jack--nee Jill, (Concluded.) 