AN OPEN VERDICT. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. CHAPTER, XLIX.-(CONTINUED). Cyril did not add, aa lie might have done, that the present school-master's merits were chiefly his work. Ho lind talton infinite pains to teach the teacher as well as tho pupils. Before Cyril had been at Little Ynfford a month ho contrived to get the school-master transferred to a more profitable situation forty miles away, and to get Emmanuel Joyce accepted as master upon probation. He was to do the work for a quarter without remuneration ; and if he suc ceeded in pleasing the Vicar and church-wardens, was to be engaged, at tho end of that time, at tho lmndsomo stipend of five-and-thirty pounds a year with a cottage adjoining the school, and an al lowance of coals and candles. This in Yorkshire twenty years ago waa to bo passing rich. It is hardly possible to conceive greater happi ness than that of Mrs. Joyco and her son when they came to take possession of their cottage at Littlo Ynfford. Tho rustic beauty of the village, the grandeur of tho moor, where golden patchos of furze blopsom blazed hero nnd there upon the dull purple ground, tho blue river winding capri ciously through tho valloy, the dark pino brnnchos gently swaying in tho April breeze, the gardens bright with spring flowers, the silvery blackthorn in tho hedges, the primroses and dog violets, 'tho scattered houses, all moro or less picturesque of aspect, the eloping meadows, and orchards full of pear blossoms-all these things, to people who had lived in ono of the most loathsome corners of a manufacturing town, wore asa revelation of an earthly paradise. Could Heaven itsalf be sweeter or fairer? Could death ever enter here, Mrs. Joyce wondered. Was there any coffin maker in that peaceful village ? Tho thread of life, spun gently in that fair tranquility, must surely ninon for ever. What should snap it ? The four-roomed cottage seemed to the Joyces a most luxurious mansion. Four rooms ! What could they two possibly do with such a world of space P There would bo room enough for ghosts in tho unused chambers. And then Mrs. Joyce reminded her son how, before illness crippled his father, and brought poverty and troubles, they had lived in a four-roomed house just like this, with a scullery at tho back of tho kitchen, which might bo accounted a fifth room, and a littlo yard where they woro abie to grow scarlet runners. - : v '* It is like old timas, Emmanuel, when your father was earning ? his flve- and-thirty shillings a week," said Mrs. Joyce, " and my house was tho noatest and . brightest in Savillo's; Build ings." Wherever you lived, mother, tho placo would bo neat and bright," said her son, ad miringly. They wont out to exploro tho garden, enrap tured with everything. It was quito an extensive gardon, nearly a quarter of an acre. There wero potatoes, and apple-trees, and gooseberry and currant bushes, and roses in abundance. And there was room for scarlet-runners, as Mra. Joyce exclaimed delightedly. A scarlet-runner is the chief of vegetables ia the estimation of the poor. That homely, useful bean will grow anywhere, and is a thing of beauty wherever it grows. " We might even try some vegetable marrows, Emmanuel," said the widow. Thoy would look so pretty behind the rose-bushes in summer time." Emmanual began his work next day, after a long conversation with Mr. Culverhouse overnight. Cyril was going to allow him ten shillings a week during this time of probation. It was very little» perhaps, but the frugal widow could nianape to make it servo, and it was a great deal for Cyril to give out of his Binall means. Before a week was ended everybody concerned was agreed that Emmanuel would do. Tho chil dren liked their now master. There was some thing in his quiet manner which won both liking and respect. It was thought that ho knew a great deal. He had taken the troublo to explain things to his pupils. He had enlarged upon tho meagre history of England, in which the kings and heroes, politicians and churchmen, woro tho merest shad ows, and had told the boys of tho greatness and power that had been in their native land since Alfred tho Saxon kindled tho light of jotters in a barbarous country. Tho more intelligent of tho boys were delighted with him j even the stupid onos brightened under his tuition. Ho was so keenly interested in his work. Tho pupils could hardly find their lessons a burden when tho mas ter took so much pleasure in thom. On Sunday he sat at tho end of tho church, with his pupils ranged before him on a row of benches beside the organ. Ho kept them in wonderful order, and the oc casional dropping of marbles and attacks of spas modic coughing which had been apt to disturb tho congregation under tho rulo of Emmanuel's pre decessor were no longer heard. Cyril was|dclighted at;tho success of his schemo. Tho Vicar and church-wardens did not wait for throe months of probation to como to an end be foro they expressed their satisfaction. At mid summer, Emmanuel Joyco was formally appointed school-master, and his salary began from that time. Tho school-house was beautifully kept by Mrs. Joyce, tho cottage and gardon wore a pic ture of neatness, unsurpassed by any house or . garden in Littlo Ynfford. Cyril had tho doop do light of knowing that ho had made two peoplo happy. His own lifo went on very quietly all this timo. Ho was certainly happier at Littlo Ynfford than ho ever could have been at Hridford. Ho hnd plenty to do, and .his work AV as suceoBsful. Ho saw tho church crowded on a Sunday evening, and knew that peoplo came from far and wide to henr him preach. Had ho been vain ol' his power as a pronchor, his vanity might Imvo boen fully satisfied. Tho weok-day services wero well at tended. Tho people led bottor lives than when ho had Arah como among thom. Thoro waa Jeni drunkonnoBS ¡ thoro woro fowor brawlH. Over tho young peoplo his influenco was all-potent. HQ ^aVo.^a^mbro intellectual tone !t'o their lives. Ho had'opened it reading- room, which was now a self supporting and self-governing institution, but its committee ithvays looked to him for advice in thc choice of books. . Ho saw a good deni of tho Dulcimers in his oc casional leisure hours, and with tho kind and genial Vicar he was always happy. Tho keenest pang that he felt in all his sad memories of the past was when he passed tho Water House, nnd saw its darkoned windows, and remembered that she who should havo reigned there asa centre o£ .light and happiness was a wanderer none knew where, her 'fair fame overshadowed, her youth blighted. .Ho called once in a way on Mrs. Piper of tho Park, not often, for the thought of Bella had never been entirely agreeable to him after that conver sation with Mrs. Dulcimer, in which he had, in a manner, found himself accused of having misled the young lady-or, at any rate, tho young lady's friends-as to Ilia intentions. Now that she waa married he. had cortainlyno need to bo .uneasy on . that score ; but tho recollection was an unconi . fortublo ono, and he had a feeling about Mrs. Piper much too near disliko to be altogether Christian. .Bella, in all the fullness of her now powers, was t not a person to be easily, keptat a distance. She . wanted captives at her chaiiot wheels to mako ? her triumph complete, and she was particularly anxious that Cyril Culverhouse. who, according to ?her own idea, had scorned her in her ptvorty, should seo and wonder at her splendour and ele gance Sho pestered him with invitations, all ? of. which ho found it impossible to declino with ..... out marked discourtesy, moro especially as Mr. . and Mrs. Pipwr wero regular worshippers at the , I ¡parish church, and liberal subscribers to all local -"charities. . ' . ? Bolla had taken it into her head to receive hor ' ''friends upon, one particular day of the week. lb ^was quito a mow thin? in Little Yafford-except , rfor such "a poreon as Lady Juno 'Gowry, who was ....^privileged eccentric-and had rather a foreign V'flavour.'.^Attho beginning of thia institution vis niiifc©r3|jWGi'o, HJOW to arrive, and-, Bolla found it inrathor.>a"dull,'businoss to sit waiting for thom, «flookiughor loveliesli in a dross just arrived from i^Pariaj 'hub with nobody ; but Mr. Piper to look at Y'tíer."-<,J*-,; ' ?'' '? !???'-' - ' , , y You look uncommonly pretty, my dear," said I',, thal; devoted husband, walking up and down his ç pililo and gold drawing-room as restlessly as a .^.pplar boar in bis cage, " bub I can't say I hold .îl'Vtfith this now style of visiting. If yon was to no ask pooplo to a jolly good dinner, they'd be sure >. to como; if you ask 'em to a friondly tea, I daro say they'd come, though they might think it low. ./. .But you send 'om your pasteboard with ' Mrs. " Piper, Thursdays, at homo from 4 to 6/ and . .M I'll lay . they don't know what to mako of r it.?' 'it. ;>"It's quito tho right thing, Mr. Piper. In ïïiiiLondon-, everybody of any importance does it. k¡> And'hore, .where the distances people have to J< 'come'aro so much longer,, it is still inoro con '"Vcniont,"' "Then I suppose you're not of any importance, J ...my dear," said tho provoking Mr. Piper, "for you .. ..'seo nobody comes." ,SI[l..f "How can you say so, Mr.Pirjer ?" cried Bella, íí'nreddening with anger at this obnoxious truth. , rtiff'JtfisB Coyney came last Thursday." .?ii-,-. "Yes, and tho Thursday hefore that, and the ... Thursday beforo that again. That old lady will ' ? como anywhere for the sake of a dish of scandal *1 and a cup of strong toa." ^ . ' " And Mrs. Dulcimer comes." ,',,{.?:? " Yes, I believe she has bßen once," said Mr. ? -?;<-. Piper; and bheu, auxious to chase the thunder er toloud from his young wife's stormy brow, ho madded,, hastily :" Never mind, my lass. You'll '.?''.-have a visitor this afternoon. I met Chumny this . morning when I wa3 in Great Yafford, and I " asked hirn to drop in at 5 and pay his respects to you, and eat his chop with me at 7." " What !" cried Bolla. " You have invited that i." vulgarian, your old cashier! Mr. Piper, I am tait ashamed of you. You have not a partiólo of self respect." Why,- what's amiss with Chumney? The ? ' most faithful servant a man ever had. Why " should least him off because I've got a pretty \ ! young wife? The first Mrs. P. never mado any .objection to Chumney. She never said a word about the difforonce in tho butcher's bill, let mo bring him homo as often as 1 might. Why should i-ji : you object to him ?" ( u « " I don't objoct to him as a faithful servant, < ?? ... but let him bo kept in a servant's place. Why '- .' ' bring .him home here ?-a man who eats peas with. '?T-'hiB knifo, and bito3 his bread, and is always ' . . talking of tho timo when you were in trade. Can't J . ¡ you seo that I am trying to raiso the tone of your .: surroundings-" \ ??:?!< " Tho tono bo blowed !" muttered Mr. Piper. V' . That I want to get you recognised by the comity people-that I want to force yon into tho "best society in the neighbourhood ? You must \- ;know this, and yob you bring Chumney to spoil everything. "Ho was at our last dinner J,;, party." ."Wolli ho did no harm," growled Mr. Piper, il '.i. waxing savage. ."He was an oyo-sore. He was a blot upon tho .wholo thing. Do you think I shall ever rise above t ( your Wig/.ells and your Porkmana while you ' ;. ;weigh ino down with Mr. Chumnoy P" , , .'? My Wigzells and my Porkuians are a deal ; .pleasanter than tho stuck-up lot you'vo'contrived vi to bring about mo," retorted Mr. Piper. "A pack i'.:..'. .? of i Bhabby-gonteel lawyers and parsons and half pay captains that eat up my substance and sbaro ii... ... wo out of countenance as if I was wax-work, and m-, never offer mo bite nor sup in return. I despise .?? such half-and-half gentry. I'd us soon put olco ' troplated good« on my trillions sib them clown to " it. And as for the county," cried Mr. Piper, Snapping his fingers derisively, " tho county won't . havo cut, Shuttle, or deal willi un, and wouldn't, no, not if you wero to put your oyes out upon . Btlokn!" This horriblo expression, which Mr. Pipor sorao tiinoH used when ho was in a passion, ovoroamo Bella. Sho began to cry, and murmurod uiookly thatsho wouldn't so much mind Mr. Okumnoy coming if it was not hor " day." . \- "Your day!" cried Mr. Piper, growing bold in lila scorn. "Your day be hangod! Nobody comos on your day. You might as well, call it Queen Elizabeth's day, or Nebuchadnezzar's day. You vo laid yourself out to know a parcel of ar rogant people that don' t want to know you, and you've turned up your nose ¿it people that give three hundred guineas for a pair of horses, and live in handsome houses of their own building, and brave about the money they have earned with their own industry, instend of bragging about their great- grandfathers. You want to keep company with the Tudors and tho Planta genets. Nothing less than that will satisfy you. But they won't have you, and if you want any ono to admire youl' fine clothes and eat your fine dinners, you'd better be content with my friends." Mr. Chumney's arrival brought tho conversa tion to an abrupt finish. He was a long leah man, with iron-grey hair and whiskers, thick black eye brows, anclan intelligent expression which atoned in some measure for bia gaunt ugliness. Ho loved Ebenezer Piper with tho affection of a faithful dog that has never known but ono mas termind with regard to all tho rest of the world ho was strictly misanthropic. Ho was nob a scan dal-monger, like Misa Coynoy. He generally thought tho worst of people, but he always kept his thoughts to himself. Ho believed every busi ness man, except Mr. Piper, an innate rogue and on the vergo ot insolvency, but he gave no expres sion to his doubts. Ho was not a lively compan ion, so far as conversation goes, but ho was an accomplished listener ; ho had thc art of looking ineffably wiso, and of appearing to beablo to give an immenso deal of information if he had not pre ferred to withhold it. Ho wns like tho great Lord Thurlow. N obody ever could havo been so wiae as Samuel Chumney looked. Prom the hour she became acquainted with Mr. Cluuuney, Bellabad hated him. She-did not know why. Ii; might have been his eyebrows ; it might have been his vulgarity. For some undis covered reason he wan more obnoxious to her than any creature RIIO had ever met. She thought him clever, and she had a. lurking idea that he was able to rend her ns easily as ho would read a j book. She fancied i,hat. ho knew everything that, was passing in her mind ; that ho was perfectly j familiar with her motivo for marrying bis oki employer j that ho had weighed and measured her till ho was master of her moat secret thoughts. ! She lectured hor husband for his cultivation of Ohumney, but sho was wonderfully polite to Mr. j Chumney himself. She feared him too much to be discourteous to him. 