THE ASSEMBLY. Men bear till their backs break, —Tho Civil Servant. Mr Speaker yesterday took tbo chair at nine minuteB past 4 o'clock. At least, this iB who I hove been informed, I was not present, because of the reasons I have already given. I despise those who are guilty of such monstrous innovations as that which is embodied in tho alteration of the time of meeting of the House. No good can come of it. Mr Longmoro opened tho ball with a question relative to tbo inevitable unem ployed. He wanted to know if the Lance- field line could be let in small contracts for the benefit of tho ghost— I mean tbo unemployed. Mr Patterson said he would consult with his officers in the department , ns to tho matter ; but of courso it would be cheaper to let the line iu ono piece. Then Mr Patterson remarked that there was work in tbo neighborhood of Lancefieid, of which, however, the unemployed fought shy. Of course there ta, Mr Patterson, There are some men, my dear sir, . whose most ardent desire ta not to get work, albeit they bowl so dis mally for it. Presently tho question of the Civil Service reductions was introduced by Mr Murray Smith, who asked whether the Government intended to carry out a general scheme of retrenchment' by dismissing or pen cloning publio servants beforo such scheme had been submitted to Parliament ? He added that there now existed a state of terror and disorganisation in tbe service, which could not but imperil its usefulness. To this Mr Vale (in the abBence of Mr Berry) replied that it waB hardly likely the Govern ment were going to deolare their intentions as to dismissals and reductions ; and he added that the only persons whom tho intentions of the Government were likely to inspire with uneasiness were those who were getting large salaries for inadequate services, Mr Murray Smith, however, was persistent. He said that he wished that no publia notice should be given by the Government of their intentions respecting dismissals until some general scheme bad been submitted to Parliament, He desired that the Government would dis continue supplying the newspapers with state ments respecting their intentions in the direction of dismissals or roductions; and that no reductions and no dismissals— on the basis of a plan of retrenchment — should be made until tbe House was mado acquainted with tho general scheme proposed. Mr Yale did nnt directly reply to Mr Smith's observations. He merely said that a great deal of the so-called terror was caused by tbe operations of those who, actiDg on half information, set abroad rumors which bad no foundation in fact, and which in truth wero manufactured. Eat Mr Vale did not say all thta with spirit. He looked uneasy, and eat down with a sullen visngc, as Mr Murray Smith arose and gave notice that he would on Tuesday noxt move that, in tho opinion of tho House, no general scheme of retrenchment involving the dis missal or superannuation of public servants, should be carried into effect until it had been submitted to Parliament. And I earnestly trust, Mr Smith, that you will be heartily supported in this motion, Confound it I it would Beera, indeed, that there is no tyranny equal to that which your Liberal can prac tise. Mr L.L.Smith moved that there be laid before tbe House copies of reports relating to the labors of the Central Board of Health. Mr Smith, with bis usual vigorous manner, de nounced the board as being not alone a useless body, but as causing a great dealof injury to the colony becauseitiuspiredtbepnblicwith a fool ing of false security. .Mr Smith said that tho members of the board thentaelvesadmitted that it was one of the most useless institutions in the country. Mr Story seconded the motion — fine old man. Story ! But he thought that tbe Central Board had done some goad. Then Mr Kerferd arose and said that he thought a very strong case would have to be made cut to justify the abolition ot the board, and after sumo remarks from Mr Laurens aud Mr Nimmo, Mr Berry said that the papers Bhould be laid on the table. Tne Elections and Qualifications Committee now became tbe subject of discussion. Mr Cooper moved, " That in the opinion of thta House all petitions against the return of hon. members to the House should be referred to a judge of tbe Supreme Court, instead of to the Elections and Qualifications Committee." Mr Cooper said tbat many excellent reasons had been given for this chaoge. One was tbe delay uhich took place in dealing with petitions. Again, another was given in tbe action of the Cbief Secretary the other night, when tbe hon. gentleman pointed out tbnt the committee had been irregularly constituted, inasmuch as tile minority in the House were represented by a majority of the committee. Tnis painted to the oircnmstanco .that the hon. gentleman regarded the com- ' poBil ion of tho committee as one to be regu- fated by tho strength of parties. Tbe com mittee, therefore, (added Mr Cooper) must, of necessity, bo regarded not as an exclusively judicial body, bnt ae ono appointed to do party work. Then Mr Cooper eat down, and Mr Johnston got up and stood at attention, as be aBked whether the hon member was in order in commenting upon tho formation of a committee during the time that tho committee was holding nn in vestigation, nnd Mr Johnstone's eyes gleamed with the fire of a natural indigna tion. Still Mr Ooopersat unmoved, a very stoic. Mr Speaker said that the hon member for Cieeuick was not in order; and the hon mem ber for Cree wick referred.to the (Standing Order which allowed an hon member to make dis paraging remarks in regard to any committee or act, if he did so with the inten tion lo abolish such committee or act; 'and Mr Cooper looked triumphant. Mr Wrixon said that the bon. member would have a better nppoitunity of dealing with the Bubject when the Cuntrovertcd Elections Bill was before the House; aDd Mr Cooper said he wonkl accept- tbo suggeBtiou if he received an assurance that hon. members would have an opportunity of expressing there opinions upon the bill whereat again Mr .Tohnstono stood up, stiff and .wooden, but none the less wrathful, to repeat that Mr CoopHr was not in order. Mr Cooper — with a fine sneer — said that the hon. member was really too sensitive; nnd littlo Mr Johnstone indignantly cried out, "I will not be interfered with daring tho time I am on that committee," nnd there were loud; cries of "Chair, ohnir." Did you ever read Carey's Dragon of WantlyjMr Johnstone ? There iB a lice in that capital work which runs thus ;— " What a monBtrus tail our oat hns got I However, Mr Berry said that Mr Cooper must notperstat in his remarks, as he had been ruled out out of order by Mr Speaker. Mr Levicn Bueered that tho hou. member had said nothing of a disparaging nature respecting this immscuiats committee, and Mr John- Btone's cheeks flushed with the hot blood of nnger. Then Mr Cooper said he would defer his remarks until tbe bill was brought forward — and accordingly withdrew his motion. After thta the Macgregor moved, "That iu the opinion of this Houso n bill should be brought in to regulate tbe influx of Chinese to this colony." Mr Mnogregar made a few remarks in support of tbo motion — pointing out how John had bewildered tbem in California, and going over the tiBual arguments concerning hiB immorality, and bo ou. Mr M'Coll seconded the motion, and it was agreed to. After this Mr W, M. Clark moved fgi a eeleot committee to inquire into c.',id rsnorfc upon the Viotorian naval f.ree, Mr Berry hoped that the motiop 'would be withdrawn. He said that it 0ng been known that the Leiberus waq no better than she ought to be, and thftt tho Victoria and Pharos were Utterly incorrigible— at whioh Mr L. L. Smith ob- BOrvea, " You wont single-gun boatB, as I Baid long ago." I wonder if Mr Smith hoSBeen Pioufore, However, Mr Berry said that . they might come to that yet; i ' l some further remarks, an4 when he had sat down, Mr Smith asked whether the Naval Reserve was to be exer cised on board the Cerberus ; beoause if so, the reserve would disband ftnelf. and Captain 1'uIIarton would also go. To this Mr Berry answered that nothing had been finally do- elded upon, but that hs did contemplate Diking alterations in the Naval Reserve. Mr M Kean said that tbo maintenance of tbe Cerberus was a fraud upon tbe pnblie, nnd then tbe hcnorable gentleman in -his excite ment dienrrnDgod his hair, with n very gro tesque result, Great man, Mr M'Kean, eh ? Howevor, after a little moro talk, the motion wne withdrawn. Presently my ethereal friend, Mr Deakin, moved . that in the opinion of the House it was desirable that the time for making speeches Bbnuld he limited. Something like a groan Bouudedjthrougliout tbe Ohumber, and one or two hon. members who are especially oursed with oncoethes lnquendi flushed indigaaotly.Mr Storfy seconded the motion, as well as hd might; for, Bure, the honorable member is usually mum rs a mouse suffering from a plethora of cheese, Mr Gauuson— to whom of oourse the motioD was especially welcome — made a funny littlo Bpeech, in the oourse of which he contended that tbo hon member should have added a proviso to his motion that any lion, member absent from tho House might record hiB opinion upon any Bubjeot of debate by handing in his written speech beforehand for publication in Hansard — at which, of oourse, there was laughter. I have noticed in ooiroustbat o clown has but to make his appearance to create merriment,- and need do no more, However, Mr Gauuson said that a good-looking member, with u robust voice (here Mr Nimmo palpably blnBhed) might be appointed to read to reod theso speeches to tho Houee — aud axalu laughter rewarded tbe hon. member. Then Mr Gauneon got another round, as ho enid that Mr Deakin might also include in his motion n condition that no honorablo member should be allowed to address tho HoUso for less than teu minuteB at a time, or more than a week. Sir John O'Sbnnassy was not disposed to trent this matter with levity. He considered this proposal utterly impracticable. After a few remarks from Mr Hall, who thought that honorable mombers might learn a lesson from tho manner in whioh thej newspapers con densed their reports of speeches, Mr Gardiner made a little speech in bis usual style of would-be facetiousness, and Dr Madden bad hie joke over the idea— a real professional joke by the way, about mortgages aud equity of redemptions, and all the rest of. it. Then Mr Vale Baid that if tho hon. member for Sandridgo wished to be fully re ported he had only to make _ a talented ' speech against a certain journal, and the thing was done ; and then ' the honorable gentleman had. a shy at Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. At any rote that honorable" gentleman put on the cap, and he took- the op portunity to explain that he was not in office when the Blaok Wednesday business was ac complished. After thie Mr Deakin withdrew bis motion, Soon afterwards' the Treasury Bonds Bill came ou. The amendments to the Treasury BondB Bill agreed- to in committee were re ported, and the bill was road a third timo. Mr Service said that it wonld be very undesiroble to pass a measure of this kind before tbe Budget statement had been made, Then Mr Vale made a pathetic appeal to the hon gentle man to let-tbe bill pass, and he did. After thie, tbe Dower Bill was read a second time, Then tho Passengers, Har bors, and Navigation Laws Amendment Bill came on. During the discussion which took place upon this measure Mr M'Kean asked Mr Berry whether the services of a chief engineer had been dispensed with in order to make room for a second-class engineer, who was tho Bon of an admiral ; and added thas it waB said that this matter bad been brought about by the iniluenee of a certain baronet. Having said this the tall gentleman sat down looking very dark and mysterious. The surprise expressed iu Mr Berry's intelligent visoge was evidently genuine, Tho hon. gentleman said he knew nothing about any son of an admiral, Then Mr Service alluded to Captain Payne's discharge or superannuation; and Mr A. T, Clark exclaimed, "No, helms re signed ;" whereat Mr Service, with a quaint grimace, remarked that he supposed Captain Payne bad retired in anticipation — at whioh the Honse laughed, and Mr Clark looked savage and pulled at his imposing beard, When Mr Service had concluded, Mr Clark explained. He said that he had re moved Captain Payne from the office of shipping-master because of the complaints which were made as to the way in whioh the dutieB were conducted. He said that the best course for the interests both of the public and Captain Payne bad been adopted. The Census Bill was now, read a third time, nnd sent np to the Council. After this the Mining Boards Abolition Bill came on, and, after some debate, further discussion was adjourned nntil Tuesday next. Then the debate on tbe second reading of the University Constitution Amendment Bill took place. Mr Bosieto spoke in favor of the bill, Mr Ramsay moved that it be referred to a Belect com mittee. The irresistible Gauuson seconded thta idea, with a remark that he thought there was nn awful amount of "swank" about University men. Dr Madden observed that it really waa charming to hear the honorable member talk about " swank." If the honorable member would but hold his tongue and oonfine himself to "Bwonk" he would pasB muster even ns a University don and of course there was great merriment, (specially from those gentlemen who hadn't tbe slightest idea of what a " University don" is, or what the term means. However, Mr Ramsay's amendment was accepted by Mr Pearson, and the House adjourned senaibly at twenty minutes past 10 o'olock, and re lease 1 me from my duties in the GALEERY. 