A DEADLY FEUD. I A TALE FROM FIUh'OE, AC l-5 M. Isidore Tisson, Professor of History at the University of MontpeUier, had still one great passion and one dear friend. He was a oolleetor of rare books, and loved to be called a bibliophile. Hia friend's name was Colonel ;Casimir Coste. M. Tisson had been a widower thirty years. His two ' daughters — who, after their mother's death, had been eduoated by an old aunt of a very religious turn of mind — were both married. Ouo oi them was settled at NimeB, the other at Lanel. They were highly proper and highly respeoted ladies, who punctually per formed all their duties without a murmur and without any pleasure. They paid their fathor frequent bnt Bhort and formal visits, and never stopped a night in MontpeUier, so that they in no way interfered with the quiet routine of the Professor's life. ?- Colonel Coste was n bachelor. Isidore Tisson and Casimir Coste, whose parents had been next- door neighbours, had begun to play together when they wero only five years old. They had been to the same school, and had parted for the first time when they were seventeen. Tisson then went'to the University of Toulouse, while Coste was Eent to the Military College of St. Cyr. They did not meet again for forty yearB, and by that time they had com pletely forgotten each other. During this long interval M.' Tisson had published several learned works, and had obtained the ohair of Professor of History in his native town. Coste had fought the Bedouins in Algeria, and the BuBsianB at Seb'astopol, and had been obliged to retire from active service in consequence of a severe wound received at the storming of Fort Malakoff. He was a Lieutenant-Colonel and an officer of the Legion of Honour. On leaving the hospital, the lonely, weary man returned to his native town, which he had not visited since the days uf his youth. But he had often felt a Btrange longing ts spend there in quiet the evening of his restless life, and now ho hoped to do so. He found MontpeUier but little altered during the long years of his abaeuce, and soon recognised in one of its narrow streets the very house in which his parents had lived, and where he was horn. It so chanced that a small apartment was. to let there. He hired it, furnished it pimply, and established himself there at once. Behind the house was a large garden ; and the Colonel, as a favoured tenant, obtained permission of the landlord to walk in it .when he chose. One. evening in September, as Coste was' passing up and .down the gravel walk in the garden, smoking his short pipe and thinking of Africa, the Crimea, and friends that were dead or lost, he heard himself called in a fashion that startled him — ' Casimir 1 Casimir 1' For nearly forty years no one had called him by that name. His superiors and his soldiers during that time had addrsssed him successively as Lieutenant, Captain, Major, and Colonel j his brother officers as Coste. He had lost his father and mother many years ago, and had never had any brothers or sisters. ' He might well nigh have forgotten that he had a Christian name, and now Bomeone was calling him by it I ' Casimir ! CaBimir !' , He turned round and saw at a window of the first floor of the house next to hiB own a middle-aged gentleman, who waB smiling and nodding to him in the most friendly manner. For a moment the Colonel re mained motionleBB. Then with an oath, whioh was hia habit to utter whenever he wanted to express joy, anger, astonishment, or, in Bhort, any suddenj emotion, he callod out in return : ' Isidore !,. Is it poBBible ?' A few minutes later the Professor waa in the garden with his friend. He told him he had returned that very morning from a trip jivhioh ho had taken. during the vaoation, and had only just learned that a Colonel Coste, a native of MontpeUier, had come to live next door. - ' I at onoe thought it muat be you, and would have aalled upon you to ascertain if my oonjeotnre was oorreot, but I. saw you in the garden and recognised you at onoe. You are not a bit altered.' The Colonel upon this laughed bo loudly that the sparrows in the trees ilew away in affright. 'Well,' he said, ' I think that's just a little exaggeration. When I accom panied you to the dUigenoe that took you to Toulouse you were a handsome, slender lad, with a Boft down on your upper lip and a profusion of dark ourly looks. Now you oan boast of a very respeotable oircumference, andiyonr dark hair has turned grey. I was then a mere boy, with bright eyeB, Bound teeth, aotive legs, and a magnifioent head of hair whioh I used to part sometimes on the right, sometimes on the left Bide, not being Bure whioh way was most becoming. Now I require Bpeotaoles to read, I .munoh like a rabbit, because I have loBt my back teeth ; I; walk lame, beoause the Bussians Bent a bullet into my right leg, and I have bo little hair left that the natural parting of it reaohes nearly from one ear to another. Frankly, I oannot think I am very muoh |jjlike the Casimir you knew.' ' Still I reoognised you- at once. I would have known yon among thousands, and would have Baid : ' That's my old friend and school fellow, Casimir Coste.' ' ' Well I and did I, I Bhould like to know, hesitate bb to your name ?' Then the two old gentlemen shook hands for the twentieth time, and laughed, while their eyes grew moist. Both talked at the Bame time, bo that neither understood what the other -was Baying, until at last they came to regular questioning. ' Are you married?!' ' No j and you ?' ' I have been a widower many years.' [ 'Children?' | ' Two married daughters.' - ' Here, in MontpeUier ?' 'No; one at Lunel and one at NimeB. \re you going to live in MontpeUier ?' . ' 01 oourse ; andjyou ?' ' I am Professor at tho University. But come ; it iB getting cold. Fasoal, my old houBekeeper, shall give us Bome supper. We will drink a bottle of rare wine and have a good. ohat together.' . Tlie Colonel made no objection, and the two friends eat together tUl a la|e hour in the Professer's snug drawing-room, telHng eaoh other the Bimple BtorieB of their lives. They met again next day, and the Colonel dined at the Professor's. On taking leave, he invited his old friend to be his guest the next day at the table d'hote, where he wbb in the.rogular habit ol taking his meals. ' I have never kept house,' the Colonel Baid, 'and I am too old to begin now. Wherever I have been stationed the table d'hote has been my table. I hope you vnll dine with me there to-morrow.' . But M. Tisson objeoted. ''We dine together,' he Baid, ' because .we like one another's company, and not because we w'ant to do a polite thing. -I have no fanoy for restaurants and hotels. There are always strangers there, and one oannot talk oomfortably and freely. Besides, to tell you the truth, Pascal has spoiled me I am accustomcd to heroooking, and hotel,, fare does not agree with mo. , Please with draw your invitation. We do not stand on ceremony. Dine here again to-morrow and tho day aftor — evory'.day ;Iyou.oannot do a greater favour.' ? Tho Colonel consented to dine with his friend the next day. Two weeks went by. The friends spent? several hours together every day, and the bachelor had dined, maybe, a dozen times at the widower's houBe, when one day after dinner— old Pascal having loft the room after serving coffoa — Coste lit hia pipe, cleared his throat, and mado the following speech, for which he had been preparing himself for tho last week : 'This is all very fine, Isidore, but things cannot go on in this way.' '? What do you mean P' ''I have never lived better in my life than I do now with you, yet I do not like my board.' ' Why not ?' ' When I was a. Lieutenant I used to pay sixty francs a month for my dinner j when I became Captain, it coat me eighty francs ; since I have been a Mnjor, I have always reserved a hundred and fifty francs for that purpose. I must stick to these old habits to be comfortable; and if you oannot think of some way in whioh I- can spend my money and have your company, I must give up dining -with you.' ' Excuse me, Coste, but really you' are not Bpeaking like a sensible man.' ' But I have been thinking that I would bo very eorry not to see your familiar face opposite me at dinner; and, somehow, I fancy that you too would miqs me.' ' You can take your oath 6f that.' ' And therefore I want to make arational proposal to you.' There was a- long pause. The Colonel cleared his throat again. 'Well, go on,' said the Professor, gently. ' I see what you an* driving at in that clever way; but let mo tell you I consider your proposal childish. Ye' — be angry if you like— positively childish.' ' Childish or not, I stiok to it. And if you care as muoh for, me as I do lor you, if you are not afraid of having too much of me, you will accept it.' The Professor resisted for somo time. He tried hard to persuade the Colonel to oontinue to be_ his guest ; but the old soldier would not yield, bo the Professor had to Rive up. ' You were very obstinate and self-willed,' he said, ' whereas I was always the good natured. and sensible one of us two. Let it be as you wish ; henoeforward you shall pay for your board.' But this did not Bettle the question, Corte proposed to pay too muoh — Tisson asked for too little. At last they agreed that Fasoal, who for thirty years had been the Professor's housekeeper, should aot as arbitrator. - She was what is called in Franoe a maitresse femme, and had a clear, sensible answer ready for any question that might be put' to her ; bo, after a short oonferenoo with her it was settled that M. Tisson would not be a loser if the Colonel contributed 120 francs a month. Thus, this long diaouBBion came at last to an end. From that day a new and brighter day began lor the two lonely old men, which made them forget their age, and whioh con tinued without interruption for many years. The Professor had^ little to do ; the Colonel nothing at all. They spent many hours together every day ; they walked arm in arm up and down the ' Perou ' and the ' Es planade' — the two prinoipal promenades of MontpeUier ; they sat together in the Pro fessor's library; or they went out together on the ' Links,' being passionately inter ested in an interminable game of ' coif.' a pastime whioh iB almost as muoh in honour at MontpeUier, and at MontpeUier alone ? of aU French towns, as at St. Andrews in Scot land. Their evenings were spent at the club, where they found their regular whist- , party. They became daily more and more dependent on eaoh other, as happens with old people from whom tho reBt of tbe world is gradually withdrawing, who love few people, and are loved by few, and whose interests centres in a narrow oir ole. Very Boon they booame indispensible to eaoh' other. Tisson became unoaBy if CoBte was . five minutes late for dinner, and the Oolonol had every morning a confidential talk with Pasoaline to inquire if the 'master' had paaeed a good night,' if his cough had been troublesome, and if he had enjoyed hiB breakfast. He was a regular attendant at the Professor's leotures. His venerable head, his attentive, earnest, mild oountenanoe, Boon beoamo known to tho whole university. The young students took a liking to the quiet old gentleman, and made room for him res pectfully when he entered the leoturo- room. And he geeeted them kindly : ' Good morn ing, gentlemen.' When the leoture wbb over, the Colonel liked to have a talk with the. Professor— often asking for explanation of some obscure' point. The Professor would' offer it with a pleasant smile, aad with an air of innocent, gentle pride. Now and then the Colonel would quote some Latin sentence, in order to show that he, too, was not deficient in olasBioal knowledge : ' Alea jaota, est,' '?Dulce est pro patria mori,' 'In vino Veritas,' and other sayings of that sort. On suoh occasions the' learned Professor was wont to look a little embarrassed, though he smiled approvingly, and be would ohnnge the oonveraation. But when the old soldier spoke oi hia campaigns, the Professor, in hiB .turn, would listen for hours, and put enoouraging questions, bo as to induce the narrator to oontinue his story. The friendship of these two old gentle men had become' proverbial. The Pro fessor's daughters were perhaps the only beings who did not look upon ir. favourably. They complained o£ tbe fearful profanity of the Colonel's speeoh, and of his poisoning the ' whole house ' with that horrible short pipe of his, which he smoked indiscriminately in every room in the house. 'But papa approves of everything th'e Colonel does,' they said. 'Ljt its hope that he will have no cause to repent some day.' ' This remark was not quite correot, how ever. Their fathor was far from approving entirely the views and the modu of life of his friend. ' The Professor was an earnest Catholio, and, like most members of thouppor classes in the South, a staunch Legitimist. CoBte, on the . other hand, possessed an inexhaustible stook of rather scandalous stories,' in which pri6ats, monks, and nuns, were not always mentioned with the respeot that Tisson thought due to them. In politics ho was a liberal, inolining toward Republicanism. Tisson wou)£ sometimes call Coste ' Charms;' and the Colonel would retort by 'Polignao.' Their discussions, which were long and frequent, were generally brought to a oloae by one of them reminding the other that the time for a rubber or a 'game of golf was come. Then the exoited coun tenances of his opponont would at once assume a calm expression; both would take their hats ana etioks, and walk to the olub or to the 'Links,' ohatting cheerfully by the way, bb if nothing had ever disturbed the perfect harmony of their intercourse. The terriblp yoar— J'amte'e terrible — _ of 1870-71 put an end to these diBouseiouB between the two friends. Both were true patriots, anil in their grief for Franoe they forgot all differences of opinion. Both blamed the Emperor and the Empress, the Ministers and the Generals . with the same implioit oonfidenoe all the Btories whioh were told ol the heroism ol the French soldiers and the barbarity ol the Germans. They lolt the same indignation towards Russia, which did not hide its sympathy for the enomy ; the ' same disdain of the English, ' that nation of shopkeepers, ' who hacMorgotten Sebastopol ; the Bame contempt for those ' ungrateful' Italians, who abandoned their old ally in her distress, and they sh6d tears together when tho news of Sedan reaahed MontpeUier. About this time a peculiar kind of feverish, nervous exoit6ment bad taken possession of the whole Fronoh nation. Our two friends did not eBoape the contagion. The oheerful eqnanimity of former yeara was gone. They never touohed a oard, and dust gathered on their golf olubs and balls lying unheeded in the hall. They read the papers with passion ate eagerness ; thoy made strategical plnnB, and discussed them as earnestly as if armies had beon at their oommand ; they hoped against hope ; they believed that the fortune: of war would take another turn ; they never dospaired, for it seemed to them simply impossible that France, their proud, mighty, beautiful country, could succumb in a war with any other nation — and they folt almost crushed when the dreadful truth at last dawned upon them, when thoy knew that tho power of Franoe was broken, and they saw her humbled to the duat at the meroy of the oonqueror. Coste and Tisson spent day after day together, silent and mournful, feeling that their common sorrow had drawn them even more olosely together than the peaoeful happiness of former yearB. But as, in spite of their advanoed age, they had preserved a good deal of that liveliness and elasticity of mind whioh characterises the 'inhabitants of Sonthern France, they shook off, after a time, that dull, oppressivo sense of gloom. Nervona irritability and great bitterness of feeling remained, however, and Bhowed, themselves in frequent and vibleqt explosions of anger againBt the supposed anthors of the great national misfortune. Then the papers brought the news that a revolution had broken out in Paris, and that the Communists had seized the reins of government. At first the two friends heard these reports almost with indifferenoe. The wound* inflioted by the foreign foe wore still bo fresh that they -were unable, so to speak, to feel any new pain. But Boon the ofvil war oompelled their attention. It beoame the prinoipal theme of conversation. The inter eats in the struggle for the possession of Paris, where Frenohmen fought Frenohmen, soon absorbed every feeling. It was on the 3rd of June, 1871. The day had been hot and sultry. Dark thunder clouds 'had gathered, and threatened a storm at every moment. The air was heavy. _ The Professor was paoing up and down the dining-room in an agitated manner, waiting for the Colonel to sit down to dinner. At last Coste arrived half un hour after the usual time. He held some -hplf-opened crumpled newspaperx iu his hand, and, on entering, threw them on the table. He looked pale and disturbed. 'I have waited for the papers from Paris,' he said ; ' read — it is horrible, inoredible 1' Tisson took up the papers and looked at their contents. PaBcal had served the soup ; the steaming platoa stood before the two old men, but neither thought of touohing them. The papers reported the horrors committed by the_ Communists, the destruction of the Tuileries, tho Hotel de Ville, the Ministry of Finance, the Cour des Comptes, etc. They related the massacre of the hostages, tho furious fighting in the streets, and, lastly, the slaughter among tho 'enemies of sooiety,' by the avenging Versailles troops. Tisson looked up and said, with a long drawn breath of relief, ' God be praised ! The good oause has triumphed !' ' It might well have triumphed with more humanity,' retorted Coste, sullenly. ' I hope you are not going to defend the Commune ?' continued Tisson, in an almost threatening tone. ' No,' replied Coste, turning pale, and speaking in a tremulous voioe, ' l am not going to do that. But I do think the troops might have shown less bloodthirsty cruelty. Fifty thousand ! Think, Tisson, what that means. Fifty thousand human lives have been sacrificed 1 Fiity thousand 1 It is dreadful! They have shown no mercy to women or ohildren ; they have been killing as if they were destroying wild beaBta 1' ' They have done right 1' oried Tisson. ' Brave men who have fought against wild beasts — a murderous, infamous crow, the soum . of, humanity, robbers, murderers, incendiaries.' . 'Tisson, Tisson, think of what you are saying ! You are speaking of Frenohmen, of our countrymen, our brothers.' ' Your brothers, if you please — not mine, . thank God I I have nothing iu oommon with thieves and murderers.' . 'Nor have I.' 'Youhave— sinceyou dare todefendthem.' ' Dare 1 You must be out of your senses, TiBSon, to speak to me in this way;' ' No, I am perfeotly in my senses, and I tell, you oalmly and deliberately that it is a shame — a burning ahame — that you Bhould daro to say a word in defenae of the Com mune— yeB, yoa ought to be ashamed ..of yourself I' ' Beoall that word, Tisson ! reoall it, or by ? !' ' You ought to be ashamed, I say. Shame ! shame 1' . The Colonel rose, pale as death, with flaming eyes. He struck the table with hiB olinohedfist, so that the plates and glasses rattled, and he swore with a fearful oath that he would never sit down at tho table or put his loot in that house : again until TiBson begged his pardon and retraoted what he had said. , 'And I declare,' replied the Professor, who of a Budden'had beoome strangely calm, but was as pale and trembling as his wretohed old friend. 'I deolare, without the use of any blasphemous language, that tho wordsyou require me to Bay shaU never paBB my lips.' Then the Colonel went to tho door, took hiB hat and stick,' 'and in a moment, without anotbor word or look, was gone. Tisson heard his hoavy, halting Btep upon tho stair. The houBe door waB opened and shut again; then all was still— tho stUlness of death. For throe whole days the Colonel and the Professor lived on their passionate wrath. Then their anger oooled, and both began to understand what they had lost. The isola tion consequent upon their estrangement beoame unbearable. Coste dared. not leave hia rooms for fear ot meeting his old friend ; the ProfeBBor orept stealthily out of his house when obliged to go to hia leoture, and tho two old hearts longed for reconciliation. Yet it could not be. They thought over and over again that parting soene,. and remembered every word and every look. \ - ' He should not have insulted me at bis own table, in his own houao,' said the Colo nel, and ho felt that he oould not, in honour, break the oath ho had sworn. ' '. 'He was entirely in the wrong,' thought the Professor. ' How oould ho defend the greatest rascals and oriminalB the world haB ever Been?' And ho re membered with a shudder that he had eolomnly avowed never to pronounce the wortls whioh alono oould induce the Colonel to return to tho house as a friend. One morning old Pascal came to the Colonel. 'What havo you done to my master, sirf eho asked, with tpara in her eyes. ' He does not eat, he doea. not Bleep. He sits all day long in his study ! without opening a book or yrxiting £ line. Ho will eoe nobody, he speaks to hobody i i— hep will die.' What- havo you done to 1 hlnii nir t Do help my poor master 1' ' The Colonel had always treated tho faithful old Bervant with kind familiarity, nnd he was quite ready to discuss the mri'ter with her. 'You see, Pascal,' ho Baid in conclusion, 'I have sworn upon my _ honour never to re-enter hia houae until ho has acknowledged himself in the wrong— and I cannot break my word.' ' It is a wioked thing to take an oath when in angor,' said the old woman. ' Aak your Vioar, sir ; ask the Biahop himself. They mill releaaa you from your vow.' ' I have given my word. No human being oan bolp that. I muat keep it.' Tears stood in the dim eyes of the soldier. He looked miserably sad, but he spoke with bo muoh determination that Fasoal felt she must give up all hope of reoonoiling the two friends. Soon after this the Professor's daughters came to pay their oustomary visit to their father. Pasoal told them what had hap pened. They' disliked tho Colonel, whose manners they considered coarae; s.nd they merely observed that no doubt their father would soon find that the loss ho deplored now, was, iu faot, a gain. They were abont to say as muoh to their father, but .he stopped them angrily, telling them, with flashing eyes, to keep silent on the subjeot or to' leave the house. For a whole month there was no change in the relations between Tieson and Coste. Their quarrel had become tho subjeot of talk in all MontpeUier, but no one felt inolinod to play the part of peacemaker between the two oldmen. . At the end of that time the Professor wen away on hia usual holiday trip. For the last ten years Coste had been his companion on these oooasione. They had visited together Paris, the Pyrenees, Auvergne, and Switzer land. They had . enjoyed themselves every where. But now tho Professor started alone. He thought of going first to Paris— and then ? He had not settled where. He wanted to leave MontpeUier. He could not bear to remain there any longer. The Colonel stood at the window, hidden by the ourtain, when the oab Btopped at his neighbour's door. He felt a heavy load on his chest, and his eyes burned in their sookets when he saw the professor leave the house with a heavy step and enter the oarriage. When it had driven off, Coste hid his faoe in his bony hands and wept bitterly ; but he experienced a sort ol relief in the thought that Tisson was no longer in his im mediate neighbourhood. He walked up and down his garden sadly and thoughtfully, feel ing himself free and unobserved. A kind of peace stole over him ; and one day, when ho got up in the morning, he wrote tho /olio sing letter: — Deab Tisson, — I have made up my mind to leave Montpeilier aud to return to Algiers, where my old regiment is stationed, and where Ihave a few comrades gwho will be company for me. They oannot make up lor | wbat I have lost : but, at any ;rate, I shall not feel as utterly lonely bb I do here. Before I leave, nover to return; I would like to meet, you onoe more as in the good old times. I therefore beg you wiU write to me, on reoeipt of this, to appoint a place oi meet ing in Paris. We will, as in by-gone days, have a stroll through the big town, we will dine together in the evening, and then bid eaoh other ' good-night,' as we have done for the last ten years. On the. morrow I will leave Paris. You will then be able to think oi me as oi an absent iriend Irom whom you have' parted in peaoe and good will. My anger lasted but a few daye. Sinoe I have beoome cool and collected, I feel the same old friendship for you whioh i Bhall ever feel, even if you.rejeot my proposal. Believe, me, dear Tisson, your iaithlul friend. Casisiir Coste. ' Old Pasoal gave, him her master's address. The Professor was staying at a small hotel in the Bue de Hulder. The landlord was from MontpeUier, and Coste and Tisson had lodged there ou several occasions. The seoond day after tho..despatoh of this letter the Colonel reoeived one from Paris. Ho at 'once recognised the writing ol his friend, and .tore open the envelope with a trembUng hand. Tne letter consisted of a few harried and almost illegible lines : I have sworn never to pronounoe the words whioh you require before re-entering my house ; but I may teU you how hard it has been for me to keep my vow. Forgive me the pain my anger has oaused you. ' I, too; have suffered muoh, and I remain, till we are parted by death, your faithful friend, Isidore Tisson. Tho lnttar fall from tliA flnlnnpl'H hafwla and aU seemed dark for aa moment. When he had recovered a little he went to Fasoal. She had reoeived no tidings of her master. Coste then telegraphed to the landlord in Paria begging tb be informed of the health of the Professor. In a'few hours the answer oame baok — Professor Tieson had died sud denly. He had been found dead in hiB bed on the morning of the preceding .day. Tho funeral was to take plaoe on the morrow. The daughters of the Professor had been aommunioated with. ' Coste Btarted that Bame evening for Paris, and arrived there a few hours after the funeral. He saw the daughters and sonin law of his friend at the hotel. They were in deep mourning, but appeared to bear their loss with great equanimity. They seemed surprised at the Colonel's tronbled oounten anoe whenhe entered their room unannounoed in his dnBty travelling dress, and they answered his inquiries briefly and preoisely. Their father had had a stroke. He had gonb to bed in his usual health at 10 o'clock, and had been found dead the next morning. The dootor thought ho' muat havo died about 11. At any rate, he had been dead some hours when found ; and he had, died, they hoped, without pain,. Coste went next morning to visit the grave. On bis retarn to the hotel he was informed that ' the family from the South ' had left PariB after ordering a 'protty ' tombstone to bo plaoed on the Profossor'B grave. The landlord, M. Douoet, a great talker, who had known CoBte for many yearB, and waB particularly fond of having a ohat with him under ordinary oiroumBtanoos, beoame unusually silent and reserved when the Colonel asked him for the particulars oi his friend' a death.. He wbb evidently ooncealing the truth, and Coste determined' to find it out. He bribed the waiter, who at first held baok; but when the Colonel promised faith fully not to betray him, the man related in a nervous, frightened manner all he knew. I M, T'sson had arrived five days ago. He j front out little, dined alone iu his own room, and spoke to no one in the house. On Friday I morning he wrote several' letters, which he posted himself. About 10 o'olook ho ordered some tea, and told tho waiter' he was going to bed, adding that ho did not wish to be disturbed before tho next morning. ' When I knocked on his door on Satur day morning at nine, to give him a letter that had arrivod from Montpeilier, I reoeived no answer,' and finding the door was looked on the inside I became alarmed. I oalled M- Doucet, who sent at onoe for the PoUoe, and in presenoe of the ' CommisBaire ' tho 'door was opened. M. Doucet) tho ' Commia saire,' and a doctor who had oome with him, woro the only peoplo who went into the room. My master told ma to Btand at tho door, and not to lot anyono go in. I had to wait a long time.' When tboso throe oame out of the room, M. Doucet was bb pale as a ghost. . Ho took mo aside and said : 1 1 trust that you, an old servant of tho houBe, ' will not talk. ItK would damage tho roputation of the hotel.' I promised to bo silent! ani) pp to this moment I have not opened my li about it to a single soul, nor will I do n^ain. But you were an old friend ol M. Tisscn and, ought to know the truth. A-; little later the dootor returned with an asiis tant. They looked themselves into the room where the dead body was lying, and remained there about an hour. . Late . at night, bo as not to alarm tho other ' - visitors', the coffin was brought quiotly into tho house. Tho next morning ' M. Tisson's relations arrived. They asked . to see tho body, and I followed them into the little drawing-room where it was laid , out. The featurea of the dead man were ' not distorted j they were yellow as war. , Bound the neck was placed a broad white cravat, which reached up almoat to the ears. I felt a cold shudder when I saw it . I told ' M. Doucet,- in a whisper, that it j looked very horrible. Ho made me sign_ to be Bilent, and seemed very agitated. ' It's my opinion, sir, that M. Tisson laid / violent .hands upon himself — ' Coste turned deadly pnlo, staggered back, and sank into a chair. The waiter Bprinkled some, cold water on his 'face and gave him something to drink. When he had recovered from the shock, the man entreated him once more not to betray' him, and then quietly left the room. . A few days later Colonel Costo returned '. to MontpeUier, but only to superin tend the removal of his simple furnitura' ju and belongings to PariB, whore he ~W settled in a remote part of the town , at no great distance from the cemetery whora ' 'liaaon was buried. Ho lived there for a year in sadness and solitude. Then hia health began to fail, and at the end of|a lew ' weeks he wbb confined' to his bed. Tbe dootor advis«d him to tak6 a Sister of Cbarity . as a siok nurse, as he had no relation or' ' friend to take oare of him. Coste assented to everything. The nurse came and per formed her dnties carefully. She was a' strong young woman, with a smooth, oalmi faoe, fair, with rosy oheeks — a faoe that looked as if it belonged to one pure in body and mind. She nursed the lonely, helpless : old man carefully? unwearyingly, ' without; , anxiety and without hope, bb she had nursed - for years other siok and dying people. 'Ho is getting weaker and weaker,' Bhe said one day to the dootor. ' He does not: know me now.' ? The Colonel lay on his bed, with half olosed eyes, breathing feebly. The dootor' felt the pulse, forehead, and heart; oi his patient, and Baid, whUe slowly drawing on hia gloves: ' I do sot. think that he wiU hold ont through' the day. I will look in again to-; ? night; in the meantime you may go on with! the medioine I prescribed yesterday. The Sister nodded, and when the dootor was gone, took np some needlework, with whioh she busied herself whenever the patient . did not require her attendance. The daypaseed quietly, without perceptible ohange in the stats of the dying man. When it grew dark the Sister left the room noise- : leaaly to fetch a lighted lamp. ' The door had ' remained ajar. From the next room- she thought she hiard the patient speak, and. - hurried baok to his bedside. He had raised himself from hia pillows, and his face, whioh Bhe oould not well distinguish in the : dim twUight, seemed to her to have grown younger. His eyes, whioh during the whole 1 day had remained half-olosed, were now wide ' ? open,, and looked kindly and peacefully around. That indescribably sweet smile : with which so many weary ones greet the approaoh of peace-bringing death, lighted up his countenance. 'It is getting, dark,' he. whispered.. ' Wait for me, Isidore ; we will' go . homo ? together.' He fell baok on the pillow. His breathing beoame slower — Blower and fainter — then- oeased. - ' ' ' ? ., The Sister remained ior a few momonta perfeotly still. She then left the room, and soon returned with tho lighted lamp. She raised it above the head of the dead man, eo that the bright light foil upon his pale, ' emaciated and oalm features. Sho looked at hi'm attentively, without tenderness, without sorrow, or, indeed, any visible sign of emotion, turned .quietly away, and, after' plaoing the lamp on the table, returned to; the bed to olose the eyea of the. departed. In tbe same methodioal way she smoothed the pillow and placed the quiet head oarefully. and gently upon it, drew the sheet up to the ; chin of the dead man, and plaoed a oruoifix(: in the cold hands, after having folded them. above the oouuterpane. Then she lighted, two candles, and plaoed one' at the head, and ; the other at the foot of the bed. Lastly, ' she took a small bottle and poured the holy., water whioh.it contained into a saucer, already prepared for the 'purpose, whioh stood by the bedside. When she had atten ded : to all tbiB, without hurry, as without hesi tation, she looked 'around as if to seo 'if . anything else remained to be done. . Her, oalm, searobiug glauoe surveyed with. the], same serious composure the corpse,, the! tapers, the eruoifix, the saucer with the holy water ; and when ehe had satisfied herself, that nothing' had boon omitted, and' that., everything was in perfect order, she drew ? from her pocket alittle, well-worn, blaokbook,,. opened it with unerring hand at an . bccub- tomed plaoe, knelt down, made the sign of the . cross, and her silent, moving lips reoited(the;' prayerd for, the dead .—Rudolph Liniaui in ?, Blackwood's Magazine,' 