BEOTHEK AKtOKIO. (From Sarih r'l Mopuilne.) In somo forgotten ru or's roign, There stood an abbei in priett-rulod Spain, Tenanted by the loll o«t Irian That ever drank irci i a waswil-bowl, Or ate good dinnon lesidc good firos, Or prayed tho skis from a dead man's soul. A-UUjr iihu JJVVU WUHS UA ion UUI VUIB , They ate and slopt da a generous plan ; Had woll-etookod Isrdcrs and viands fine, And all that comforts tho natural man. They led a Bordid, luxurious life— And waged with Satan no ghostly strife ; ?fever, I wot, their -at knees wore Frayonul dinU (u the cold' stone floor.* All the brethren woro put their yuuth ;'j Ait bora traces of deep excess ; Aad all had grown, in thoU-Boarctrfor.truU), Birols in pious pamuhisets. But blowuor, broadi r than all tho rut, Brother Antonio sto u ooniesscd, Boay of visage, and ihort of wind, As inorry a monk at ever sinnod ; With prominent stoi iaoh and double ohin, And mouth to omptuu wine-caik in ; Flump of body and roind of limb— You would have said) M you looked at him, Some ohenib of Bubeni (himtolf so saint— A glutton in colour-* sot in paint) Tempted by goodies, wo greedy elf, Had leaped from ua canvas and dressed himself. \ How it happened and that heiell, None ot the friars woili «ver toll ; But Brother Antonio, ljudened long In sinful BUri oit and odflsh wrong, Mado all the brotherhoU stand aghast By setting boldly osidcjiit last Even the icose okstio ijila Of their indulgent endkordld school. No look of pity their Mature* wore— Only a stem judiolal ttoom— When they assemblBO ih solemn state, In the deop- embruurifi oounoil-room, To prove his guilt aui pronounce his fate from volumes of old oonostio lord ; Grimly the gravest ratd his doom To book horn amonr/Uiem f oreyormore. They oould not retden their hands with Bo as the quickest »d cleanest way Of biding bis erroitorevormoro, They extied him far from the tight of day Doomed him for Up to that dismal plneo. The crypt, wneroaelr sainted brctJiren lay, To pay tho prioe n his dire dlsgnoo ; And while he pnyed Uiom, with pallid face, To lift his eentexieand shrive his sin, They opened atomb In Ihc i wall's thick stones, And, shoving UiO former inoumbent's bones Into a corner, ihey pushed him in. In vain he stngvled against their might In mortal q«y»g' of sonl end brain. They settled pie ponderous blocks aright, Cementing them firmly in place again, And sealed him up in his living grave With never u friend to nhrive or save ; Leaving him tuere'in the dreary tomb. With a gourd of water, and standing room. {He should not perish, they said; of thirst, They would let tim .st*r» or stifle Raft, ) BuriodaUveJ! ^hhonentdooml \ .ur „/ Howie struffriou-ana eunwd fis iatel Loft alone in that ghastly tomb. . With'nonJUft'xangi and^uist/.Bttirlcy ' And nothing to do but watoh and wait For slowstarTttHou to dolts work 1 . : Burled alive I and his soft, white bands Dug and ecrapodat the stubborn stones, And ho shrieked entreaties and fain oom . mauds, ' And vexed thcoBence with tlireato and The vicious skeleton elbowed him, And when he thrtok from its noisome touch, It seemed to follow with purpose' grim And grip bis throat with a stifling oluteh, Till Ma starting eye-balls almost saw If* horrible head and fleshiest Jaw In luminous outline barn and stark Against the solid and orowdioff dorlc The sight would a stouter heart eppalli And Brother Antonio crouched and ahrnnk, And.prossod bis faoo to the rough atone wall Infleadly fear ol the ekolefonmonk. It happened that on tho other *ido . Of tho oaUoombed -wall »pitttok.'ana wide, Another'BOttseful of ho\y*en, .. rijiii ?' r mi ui T-f -I. *? i n °.Ti - .Tin 1 ? l._^_ ' vcusce fomoveu srom^artrjioigPDOuxo fusa* &towinxrn6u;^iit of *Hieirneigi|boura deeds. SeourgS theflesh (or the^Sit's good, flung their matins and told their beads. A] happy and ptpt)ierona hroUiercood. Mo^dUttase«x«-UentliroaiOTSgrieva -9}ut nbtie aniosgiliemjiruauite'Sk Mint, ' AndmomandaldrtMaBd«omaadt-te, ThafoMrfthibyorietiioae-before, ? WonMdelsn to visit ttaeaifli owe tttro ' Anab«^t««h*tonelpanaaaTe- ?- With wiaiom broii^ Iroa hiyoao the r.--gi*wr; ??*???? ?..-?? --&?.-,? - = *♦ » -. ?' ?? : ? ' ? ? - Muting on til* and many more ' Blmllair tsbjeeta of ghottjy lore, ha evening Brother Klippo took Us fruiral taper and aiaial -book, ? And stole away by tho turret stair { for a ascrst season of silent prayer; But he bethought him before ho went; Into his oell'* chill banishment, ? Of a osbwebbed flagon tan and old— A famous vintage which long ago He ha3 Widen »w»y ia the dust *ad ibouU Of the dim and shadowy crypt below. Little he oarod for upee trot grim nth glaring oye-aole* and hollow breast— Navor a ghost bod tpmblad him; And he followed fcatdoetiils toorst quest rhere, far from the wholesomo light of day, lis pndeoesjors were (aid away o long ago that they tuved tbo stones flth a bsssa-rellevo ol mouldy bonos, And as ho qutotly picked bis way Over his sslnlod brethren's «lsy (Or, ataling it mote oorreotly, lime), ai muted on tho changes ot life Bnd time, V hit pondering soul it must have seemed, ,Tule the fUokcriag flare of bis taper gleamed On mortal relics and mildewed stones. That the ono fixed foot in the world was bates. There were bunco in*) many and quaint designs; In rows and pyramids, squaros and linos. Curves and angles and wings and lyres. , -roll wheel-patterns with skulls for hubs, / libs for felloes and spines for tyres ; Cheerful fancies of hearts and citius / How in houour of long put games Yhca theso relict were skbu and nemos) t Bones in tilplcU and bones in pake, , Area and cixclet, rosettes and squRes— Bones in every ponitiou plaoed, Bonoa on tho most abounding plan — Nevor so vast a uumber graced The happiest dream of a medical man. And skulls ; thoy mot him on cverj- ride, Bucctral and grissly and vaoant-oyod ; Skulls above him, around, beneath, In every posulblo atago of tooth | Somo had regular rows of poarls, Somo were fangod like n savage beast, Whilo eomo hod cuspids liko fair yonng girU' Wiuie as rioo-KralnH ; and there was one Uncommonly old and boly priest, With tooth worn lovel by life's long featl, And a calm cxpnwslon of work well done. But Brother I'Uippo faoed tho throng Fearlcan, and muHed, as ho stolo along, How stnuige when life is alert end Quid, And death is dreary, and cold and doll, That living facet arc mostly nod, - And nothing ffrins liko a dead man's skull I Hark! Tho friar turned with a nervous start Asd a sudden plunge ot bin nhrinkbig heart, l'rom his jocund nose and his rosy jowl Ebbed in a moment tha rich rod blood, Aud terror struck to bis inmost soul, As thud— thud— thud— thud Camo four dulled sounds from a wallod-up tomb, Smiling his Kenso like tho strokes of doom. His very skull-oap shrunk appalled ; Doubtless hit hair would have risen straight Enoopt that Ills hoad was shiny bold Bald as a biscuit by Umo or fate ; TPmva Ma Imnrf wffft a jfntttfMw tkhtM ' Died on his lips tho mumbled prayer. Hit jaw dropped wide sod hu pulso stood With a audden and awful *ensoof acare, And down on tlio damp unfriendly ground Ho, dropped In ndoop Qudbronlhloss swound. Whether tho touch of dead men's bones, Or tho solid whack on tbo oruel'stoncs ? Beslored his sonsos, ho rallied soon, And with many a tumble, wreuoh, end sprain— His hasUi and terror contemning pain— His Uglit was out, and thoro ulione no moan) He scrambled and struggled, bruised and lams, Baok by tbe crooked way ho camo,— Tho winding vault and tbo steep etuuo stair icsdlng to life and light and air, — joeing all ho could leave behind, Taper, and sandals, and prosonou of mind. The brothers gathered wlthepado and piok— And Bomothing of nervous dread, withal— And lifting the oobwobs denao oud tlilok, They pried a stona from tho masnive wall, And Io I in answer to all their quest,— Palo with fasting, with terror fuiat, HU white hoods folded across bis breut, — He stood dlsoovored — tlieir prayed-f or Mint I Whatever had.bean Antonio's crime, He was always dinning, old or young, And ho saw that this was a proper time To coat up his eyes and hold? his tongue. Thoy lifted him gently with many prayers, This now-fledged saint, from his stono cocoon; They carried him tenderly up tho sUlrs Wili faces of awe-struck joy— and soon They made him splendid with garments bravo, Warmed him with cordials rich and strong', And sculptured arches and stalely nave Sent back tho strains of their wolaomc-song. Sobered by danger and fear aad grief,— For oven friars from these may learn,— Brother Antonio vowod to tarn Over a brand-new moral hut. To be dtyotcd, sincere, and good, And live as a godly friar should. Ho prayed and studied and lasted much ; Tbe innumt bis cainUhlp ciwjod wide ; The sick were brought for Us healing touch Jrom the furthest bound of tho countryside ; The aimplo peasantry for and near Held him holy; and young and old Sought his counsel with faith sincere, . Anal stinting their (tomochs ? of needed oread, Bought his blessing for so much gold. And half bettered he oouU xajte the dead. But euoJenecmversimisjeldom last; . Aad e»«y»srrf his stictshippMsed, In spite of vigils and prayers galore, BnrtW Antonio ioUonoo more— Heavier, harder, deeper, tower, Farther and worse than he did before. ? Ana tin aorrowinir bnthrsn. ' shocked am To find how tore they had been dowirod, - Looked npon him aa ono aocursed— . No saint, out a doubly awful man : And'romembering bow they had found him first, ... Oould think of no surer or bettor plan,. ' To olsanse their skirts of this diaroal stain, Than to put him back in his hole again. Bo, after Vespers, they ioi him down Where the broken tomb ¥mm gaping wide ; The retldont akeloton, tall ana brown. And the empty .water-gourd «t{|l inside fTne stone Ua never ibiae bten replaced) j And .they clad him again inVhis mlldowsd Witfihe hempen. ropo'fend about the ? waist,— ' ' -! -- The «a-ne that when he aiflMdJie wore,— And phsteted him as he Ml Mtore, With his maxrowieat enemy, st irkoud grim, A^tho»rBBonsrsi*to^pa-pjBiOTliloi. MeonUme thebrothert wife 4o- ned him first Had «MOTmenifcmodhfi«w/| I'ttte; Ills tutioomong them hid bee laoomaad', Jojd rarely beard in Tut ttm*r loroe, Onijr Aemal Brotiber ^atflBiA a-' r ' itlssedandnrtHirnrtW^lraalHmato. Tr- tlBt- ttla*ta-3i 'lIi tttM ?BaUlia' ?IIIJi--'* ^skT When tioe inflty'inonk, foriiei pond time,' Hifl Witm in Ihtt i\ataooflib wial itawsj ' - To expikt* aad repent ?bU'orim ,- ', - . - Oentte Anvttusrjf erome had tgs ,'—*' , ; ^ .. , ? ??'.. ? i And now,-aa the moon bugan to ri*t i ndtoattorlho light from her taveterown tver tho dewy world outside, Us brethnm gathered to boar him down And lay htm away to akatetenlto.. Under (he altar,— the usual way,— OblU and silent, 4fio dead monk ky ; 'he fliokariaff taper1, Ikht revealed His dark-irtgoolidTL. their dcoth-sledp eoalod, Tho murble brows with tbolrdawtt line, 'he thlii, high nose and the nostril flue, And tlio lipa that nuvor would gp«A man uavui, intors, or toly hymns; ? And thecoarae grey nrmsntnc alwayawMn liowiag the line* of his rigid limbs. Under its frayed and faded beta ' ?aunt and pallid, his feet were aosn, lore— and now, for a wonder, clean ; Earthly paths ware no mure tor tham ; And. though sot natdeain otHerapneres, Us iiaif-warn sandtis bealdii were placed. ?wowai-likehoBdrloiuBpttJaoloajbroait . wooden teaaifix atifny pressed, . Ihat hong by his rosary t bsadod ebain Whien never would reckon bis prayer* sgHn) ^ To the hempen girdle about his waist. Dead — in his manhood's ripest prime ; }-xi— «nd, eplte of hit fifty yrart, What had no oonquorod from faU and timep What Lad ho known of tlio worth of Hie t Never upon that lanely breast Had brow of sWMlhoatt or tendor wife lidden In shyness or leaned for rest I Nevor a child hod nostlod then, Or touvd and tanglod bin glosav hair. A wandering breath from the olionoel door BW and flntu-rcil its soft brown rings,— 811ken-bright as in days of yore. When lu bis childhood' » delightful aprlngt, 'houglitlees of aoourgw and penanOM, Io ran and sported and laughed for joy Under tho think pomogranaM trees Of fair Granada, a mony boy 1 Past all poaanoo and prayer and pain, - ' The look of his youth uamo back again. It chanced that tho gentle brotWa doali Was sdicd by Fato at the mourulul means 01 laving Antonio's tailing breath. And bringing him bask to earthly boson:' ' For it often obanevd that no living will, . for months, went down in that dlimal hols— Tbe )»»t nolu bedroom ol all tbe filait, ' ' Wherein when once they wsrs laid to sleep. No esll to matins or ebanl bt choirs Oould rouse themi^-down in thai dtimal deep, Tar from the pure, rebuking sky, Irreverent rodtuti, alert and sly, Bot daring from numbers sod fierce wltbal, Wary at Irian, and sleek no lest, Held with too relict high etralval, And throve on Iba hutks ol h61lntss. But Brother Jerome was dead— and to His eomradit gathered in mournful pain, Sous bearing blm down to the vaults -below. While others followed with chants .and prayers;— It almctt seamed, ere they reached tbe end, That tbe monk ban perltbsd to saw his frleno. ' Oarki Their pallid Uptrs, with wavering spark, Only served to revsal the dark' ? -: ' And the skeleton hiadt— agrewaomttighl— ? Wtl»h, glad «f soon pitttnotUiiitfihta selves, - Seemed to nod in the flickering light, ' And grin and gibber along the shelves Hark I Was 11 a rat, that Id yonder oblnk— Their tapsn' glimmer -searoe reached io ? ftr— '*-? - With a grim tntioipatory wtek, Looked up from gnawing a flbuls t Bath monk tnrncd timidly round to see What tbe came ot the noise might be, KnA thud-thud-lhud—lhut, ? There came a knocking tbat froce tbslr.blood, From tbe very tomb where long ago They had walled up Brother Antonio I Witbltj, tba ftmltbtd aod detptrate saint, Cramped by the chilly, olose eonstraint, Wit strnttgling to mike bit presence known By pounding lor lilt with a stray thigh-bone. Ettsh shrank from showing before lie reat Tbe awlal terror tbat fillod bit breait; Bad there beta but one, lis litd *t»lgslwa/ fled In a headlong panic ol faautlo dread. At brother Filippo bad done, one day ; For souragBi like fire, 'Us safe to say— TbouRh none of tbe brothen Ibe faot would own— It apt to Itogoisli when left alone. At lilt tbe braves! of all tbe band— Bo had tbe muscle and brawn ol five — Bali— eroieiag hlmsol! wltb a trembling hand— ' '2« Brother Entente, sKU dive I' Tub wonder widened, and one and all Fell to work at the massive wall, Wblla Brother Aotoolo's mofflnl tones Urged tUemon from behind Ibe stones. At 1st! tbey teaebed blm ; witu j^sle vands Prajeitulljr on bit ample breast, lie stood, with bis rapt eyei raited on high, And fitoe with letting and tear made wan, Like ibe pallid Btatnea ihat stand for ays Niohe-enihfintd In the Pantheon. Lo, a miracle 1 All their eyts - Opened wider with »wed surpriie— Surely, nous but a saint touU Ut* Blsven long wontbt In a bolt like this 1 And all wtrt cagtr tad gUd to givs liotioor to such rare boUnMS, ? Humbly Hit pal* bob wonderisg tbraag FnsiM arcund with obtlianoe low, Fraying bit pardon, lot all tba wrong Done in bUndnssi soJong ago, . - ? , And, aa ttonab iowtMom* Ib* M^iMhfr, Tht rows of tSuilt on tht nanon jbijtat ' , Orlmaesd and grinned in lbs general |oy, -; Ao3Ulk»d it ov«r among th»m*alr*«. - ^ BcotninAnlonio knew fall w«lT ' \ Bt bad chitted death by a marvel twtot. - And haply the aptetr* ibat tbtrad bis «*U, Gave him some opportune aavlo*. - ? Be tbat as it may,bi took good faeea ? To mind bis warnings and mend his ways, Atoning by righteous UI* and deed For alltbt eaort *f former days i So he lived revered as a taint should b«, And b* dl*d in the odocr of »awtUy, And whan ai last be was laid away, Hit jour»ty «odad for good *»S *U, Aid nobody heard him, by Bight or dsy, Knooklsg for help in the thlek stone wall. ? 9 . . Oswurano ton Bonn uo- Oatvnt.— Put fsaroBaan ft lamp sugar, * «U1 of water, and balf-an-oiraos of the noasttotist Into a stuatt toeser, ana-*t H Over ajantle ireiBttr it with a woodw spoon Ull pi a bri«hl brown. Then add bsll a p-l of wawr , boil, skim, and when ooU, boMM and eorkftdeM. Add to soap or jravy a. much ot this at will (In « proper euJooi. . ? -; ' pBjutoiMOB's.ol OtBraw Podpbc— Btrl a pintcrf ersamwith a«t ot Jltmon peel and some fine sugar, and pour I* faM over ? bait poand of orBmbWcewlr-baked Savoy oaks kabaatn. Cover toiiih. WheuJheWi is aoaked up .add tbe ymas.asd wbltetyf el«U e^/ -epar»t^y.wan-'w«|**d. {Balai th* TraSamg *ni Servo wUfc^onttaH aauoa. rStoned daU*,iplwb» « raiaaa maytaaadji WalsomlM&ttarloWa;)jii^aJKi|pitfi 4bm. '? . ??, ? - ..-?.' ?' . ':? 