BRITISH & FOREIGN, LONDON GOSSIP. London, September 24. A PREACHING PEEB. When at Eastbourne I met a member of tbe aristocracy who certainly does not suffer from the nervousness which is so characteristic of all the members of the Cavendish family. I refer to Lord Badstock, who, having been engaged for many years past in evangelistic work, has acquired an ease and fluency in addressing popu lar assemblies which many of his brother peers might well envy. Lord Badstock seems to preach entirely on his own hook. I cannot learn that he associates himself with airy particular denomination of Christians. His practice of opening and closing his services with silent prayer is obviously derived from the Quakers, while his discourses—"addresses" he prefers to call them—although evangelical in tone, are not severely doctrinal. In parts they rather remind one of Mr. Spurgeon, because of the frequency and homeliness of his illustrations. He draws largely upon his personal experiences at home and abroad; and as he has preached the Gospel in all sorts of out-of-the-way places and in cities as wide apart as London and St. Petersburg, he has much to say of a nature calculated to touch the imagination and tostir the heart of his audi ence. The hymns he sings are very Moody-and Sankeyisb, but the expression of his face is so benevolent, and his manners are bo kindly, that it is difficult to imagine him as fulminating threats of eternal punishment. When he was at Eastbourne, he preached only on the beach and in a hall usnally devoted to popular enter tainments. It was therefore impossible to asso ciate his services with any one of the numerous sects which flourish at Eastbourne; so that I am unable to say whether be remains a Churchman like Lord Shaftesbury, or whether he has become a Baptist like Lord Teynham, or a Plymouth Brother like Lord Gongleton. A. NOTABLE SECESSION FBON THE CHTJBCH OF BNGIAND. The secession of the Rev. Stopford Brooke from tbe Church of England will deservedly take rank among the ecclesiastical events of the present year. Mr. Brooke deserves great credit for bis honesty. He has long been a Unitarian and "something more," and he has therefore done well to leave a Church in whose Articles of Faith Unitarianism certainly has no part. Mr. Brooke first rose into notice as the bio grapher of the late Frederick Robertson, of Brighton, one of the noblest and most intellec tual of English pulpit orators. Mr. Robertson was not fully appreciated until after his death; and the posthumous discovery of his great qualities helped not a little to bring his biographer into notoriety. Mr. Brooke was, if I mistake not, at one time English chaplain at Berlin. At all events he attracted the atten tion of the Crown Princess of Germany, and was subsequently made a Chaplain in Ordinary to Her Majesty Queen Victoria. For maDy years past his sermons have been philosophical, or literary essays of great merit, but notable for the absenoe of the orthodox or theological elements. When Bishop Oolenso last visited England Btopford Brooke's pulpit was the only one opened to him, but he did not preach there, as the Bishop of London,on the eve of the service, sent Bn inhibition. Mr. Brooke is an ardent admirer of Wordsworth, of whose poetry he may be considered a pulpit interpreter. He is an intimate friend of Dean Stanley, and only so recently as last spring he officiated at one of the great Sunday evening services which are held during a portion of the year in the nave of Westminster Abbey. In politics he is a stanch Liberal, and daring the controversies on the Eastern question he warmly sympathized with the cause of tbe Christians of Tarkey. The withdrawal from the Establishment of the most advanced member of the Broad Church party is a blow to that sec tion which will be severely felt by Dean Stanley and Canon Farrar. On the other hand, this event will be a gain to Unitarianism,which, after a long period of coldness and indifference, is again striving after a more vigorous spiritual life. As Mr. Brooke rents a chapel which belongs to the Duke of Bedford, he will not be called upon to remove from his present place of worship. The Duke himself is a man of very liberal tendencies. Some years ago be might have been seen in attendance at the Positivist head • quarters in Chapel-street, Bloomsbury; while, at a later period, by pre senting a Congregational chapel at Bedford with a splendid pair of brass or bronze gates fit for the palace of a Doge, he showed that he could even sympathize with an evangelical form of Christianity. Mr. Brooke therefore will con tinue as long as he pleases to preach at Bedford Chapel. The Dnke has just received the Snighthood of the Garter at the hands of Mr. Gladstone. Certainly neither Mr. Brooke's congregation nor the sturdy Nonconformists of Bedford will begrudge him this distinction. THE NEW LOBD HAYOB AMD THE WESLEYANS. Nest year there will be seen in this country what has never been witnessed here before, viz, a Pan-Anglican Weeleyan Conference. There will be a great assemblage of Wesley ana from all parte of the world—notably from the United States, where tbe Methodist Episcopal Ohnrch and the various offshoots of Methodism occupy the first poeition in point both of numbers and of wealth. This meeting will, in its way, be as remarkable as either of the two Pan- Anglican Conferences which the Archbishop of Canterbury has convened, at intervals of many years, in Lambeth Palace. It is probable that the social success of the meeting will he greatly enhanced by the circumstance that next year a most influential member of the Wesleyan denomina tion, Mr. Alderman McArthur, M.P. for Lam beth, will be Lord Mayor "of London. It is a rather singular coincidence that Mr. McArthur, who has spent tens of thousands of pounds in building Wesleyan chapels, should happen to be Lord Mayor in the very year when the Wesleyan clergy and laity will pour into the British metropolis from all parts of the globe. I may also call attention to the curious fact that daring the existence of the Conservative Government we had an uninterrupted succession of Tory Lord Mayors, while a Liberal Lord-Mayor in the person of Mr. McArthur will come into office almost simultaneously with the second advent of Mr. Gladstone to power. Great things are expected from Lord Mayor McArthur. Unques tionably his mayoralty will be unique in the annals of_ Methodism, which will then see for the first time one of its most generou9-hearted laymen elevated to the chair of Sir Richard Whittington. THE QUEEN AND IEEE.AND. If rnmour may be credited, the influence of loyalty will shortly be tried as a means of neutralizing the machinations of the land Bgi tators in Ireland. Mr. Ohildera has lately hinted that the Queen contemplates a visit to the sister isle. If this intimation is verified by the result, there will be good reason for indulging in something more than mere con ventional expressions of satisfaction. Under a Liberal Government snch a visit on the part of Her Majesty wonld mean mttoh more than a mere State progress. It wonld mean that Royalty itself was interested _ in _ those measures for the permanent pacification of Ireland: upon which it is well known that; Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Forster are now engaged, and which it is hoped will materially "help to heal the wounds that centuries of puirule have produced. If the Qaeen crosses St. George's Channel it may con fidently be predicted that she will have an enthusiastic ~ reception, and that Irishmen without distinction of parly will make it clear that at the bottom of their discontent there exists a feeling of loyalty which may be profitably tnrned to account by a Ministry who are resolntely bent npon carrying ont an ameliorating policy. Fenianism undoubtedly exists in Ireland, but I believe that its influence as well as the extent of its ramifications has been enormously exaggerated for party pur poses. The Fenians denounce Mr. Parnell, who in his turn is denounced by the more moderate sec tion of hie own party, headed by Mr. Shaw. The divided state of the Irish party will still farther strengthen the hands of a Government which is determined at all hazards to do justice to Ireland. I also know that Mr. Forster's kind heartednesB—for in spite of a somewhat rough exterior he is a man of really benevolent character—has already exerted a most con ciliatory influence on the Irish people; and indeed, some of the Heme Rulers are afraid that he will, by sheer force of good nature, succeed in winning too many hearts. One of the most interesting facts in the history of the past session is the rapid progress which Mr. O'Oonnor Power has made in the good opinion of the Honse of Commons. A member of the extreme party, he yet always speaks with moderation as well as with admirable ability. He expects one day to be called to the English Bar; and if I may judge from his oratorical success in Parlia ment, it is reasonable for me to Anticipate for him a brilliant forensic career. THE QUEEN AND BLACK BOD. I have, I fear, digressed somewhat from the Queen's talked-of visit to Ireland. Her Majesty is now at Balmoral; but wherever she may happen to he one is almost certain to hear every few days of her doing some thoughtful or kindly act. I have been iu Folkestone lately, and there I found that Sir William Knollys, Con troller of the Prince of Wales's Household and Usher of the Black Bod, was lying very ill. The old General is now upwards of eighty years of ege, and is fast " breaking up." Ho one who has been brought into personal contact with him will ever forget his kindly presence or genial manners. When the Queen learnt that he was seriously ill she wrote him an autograph letter, expressing the sympathy with which his condition had inspired her, and I am glad to say that Sir William Knollys so far plucked up strength that he was able to write to. her in reply. Her Majesty sets a good example in showing such sincere and considerate attachment to an old servant. On one 6f the last occasions that Sir William performed the duty of " Black Bod" he aroused the suscepti bilities of the Commons by "commanding" instead of " requesting" them to attend the House of Lords. The Speaker showed his tact by declining to regard the incident as anything more serious than a mere slip of the tongue. A NEW GHOST BTOBY. The Spiritualists have got hold of a new ghost story, of which they will—fairly enough—not fail to make the more capital because it has not originated among their own marvel-loving com munity, and which has the further advantage that if not generally believed it at least cannot be disproved. Among the pioturesque attrac tions of the superstitious principality of Wales is an abode called Llanthony Abbey—so named after a ruin in the neighbourhood—once the property of Walter Savage Landor, but now the sanctuary of Father Ignatius, otherwise the Rev. Mr- Lyne, who, albeit not a professed member of the Churoh of Borne, has set up there a kind of monastery or reli gious brotherhood. One of the rules of this curious fraternity is that the altar should always throughout the day be attended by some member in the attitude of devout meditation. On August 30 a certain monk, while taking his turn at this new mental exercise, saw, as he asserts, the vessel holding the consecrated bread taken by invisible hands out of its proper recep tacle and shown clearly to his view. The " associate sister" who in due time relieved guard before the altar saw the same feat per formed. That evening some choirboys at sport in a field beheld a lively spirit glide through the thick hedge of a meadow where they were playing, and a few days afterwards a monk, who had been much troubled with headache and neuralgic debility, was instantaneously cured by placing a leaf from the hedge through which the spirit had passed upon his brow. The same night he dreamed of the Blessed Virgin, and devoutly believes that it was she who was seen by the boys in the hedge, and who left her healing influence behind in the leaves. The Rev. Mr. Lyne does not attach undue im • portance to the neuralgic brother's dream, but he alleges that the boys have been cross-ques tioned by a lawyer friend without detriment to their testimony, and he inclines to believe not only their story bat that the contemplative monk and sister were severally favoured with a manifestation of divine favour. 