TALES & SKETCHES! TBTR LEGEND. OF--'DUNBLANE.' By Hamilton Aide. ' The first impression produced on bvery one by her ladyship's beauty 0 •uld. not but . be favourable. She was &. brunette; tall,'with lively eyes and brilliant teeth,, which she showed a great "deal wheu she laughed, and ' dart-brown hair, cut short uod dishevelled in .loose waves over head. Up on this occasion, "however, I saw nothing .but a curl or two; for ' she woro a spfcies of helmet, much affected, as *r I afterwards learnt, by women of condition, in *7that day, whose husbands commanded regi inents of yeomanry, as did Lord Dunblane. ■ Being tbe first head-gear of the kirn! which I ' had seen, its singularity struck rap ; but her j \\.ladyahip carried tbis curious/erection of biick ' ram, fur, and tinsel, with a grace which for. " hade a thought of ridicule* . Her beautiful figure was set off by a spencer of scarlet cloth, ' and & tight-fitting skirt of some white material . which appeared to have been damped, it clung V so close to her person. It was.eyident that her • ladyship waB not neglectful of her appearance, nor, unmindful. of the impression , she made " Bpon even a humble individual like myself, r 8he came forwardand greeted me with infinite flauvity, saying: ' ' • It is amiable of you, Mr. Cartbews, to come and take pity on our solitude. We see no- one from one week's end to another in tbis castle of Otranto (you bavo read Mr. Wnlpole'B romance?), where all is so gloomy and iriysteri. • ' oas that, as I tell my lord, I am'really alarmed sometimes at the sound of my own voice!' ' • 'I wish that occurred rather ottener/ mut*. fceredhis lordship. She continue!, laughing, * Our only society ate the ghosts. You don't mind them, I hope? They are all of the oldest families, for wo are mighty select hero, yon \- most know. *If they vi?it you, yon must esteem it a great honour,' Mr. Carthew?.' i ' ""Treplted in the satrie strain," that I felt my self to. be wholly unworthy of that honour; j hut that, if they came, I would try and receive | them with becoming courtesy....., ,* like my panot,* cried hsrladythip, laugh . . xog. 'He and my spaniel sleep in.ray room ; ;..sthd sometimes, in the.dead ol.night, he. roils out,' 'Pray, oome in, and take a chair !'' which t.;etartles rae from my sleep, and frightens, me out of my senses:' . His lordship said something about her having _ ; bo senses to be frightened out of, I believe,. ^ • and something about ' brutes.'. She caught up 1';. the word, with a laugh. ... • s'Brutes? ; Ob, yes; one gets accustomed to :Uie society of brutes, of any sort, when one has v>t nothing else all day.' , Sooh amenities passed between, the two were . ■ «of constant.oocurrenc?, I suppose, for they pro •„ doced. little effect,beyond deepening the scowl t - on hi? lordship's face. As to ; me, I felt. very k - uncomfortable,, and the charm of Lady. Dua .. . Wane's •• beauty had already ■ melted away.' r. Though not a stupid, woman,-I saw that she ~ - was a very foolishone.: How ahe dared to ag gravato aman of snch a, temperaJient as her husband's amazed me.: It.was just like a child v handling fire. She rattled away and laughed / , all that evening with little intermission. . Lord Dunblane scarcely opened his lips. Over the I wine Pilson and I talked ; .bnt his lordship I . . ©tared moodily at the fire, and said nothing. I began.to. think I had made a mistake in coming *- all the way from Aberdeen for this. . To play the part of chorus to a matrimom&l; duet of the ; » most disoordant .character- was not- pleasant; and if iny former friend was so self-absorbed ae to be.uaable to speak to- me, the sooner I left vr. him the better. I- suppose something of this <:eort struck biro, for he .said, as he wished me good night, J Yon must not inind my silence < -and absence of miud, Carthews. I am very glad to see you here; but my present position \- *. gives me many anxieties.- :Y-am irritated and* j. worried until, by heaven 11 feel at tiroes as if : ' I should go mad.' : \- Well, I went tc bed, and slept fi-undly. I never was an imaginative man. you see, or-the -tount I'was in might bav« conjured up some of i . thoB-s spirituil vi^tants her ladyship • had i I. joked about, evidently to her lord's annoy- | fiance. -"Not. that it was any worse than' i/the other rotns.iu the: castle. I take it ! ? ; they, were-all oak-panelled, with hideous •/. family portraits grinning from the wall upon *-the occupants of thevasi-drap-.ried Let??,- in one . of which I slept without waking, uut'l the ser t: • vant brought in mv hot water for ehaviog. It \- • was a bright morning, and at breakfast I "found . my host in better spirits than he had seemed \- the previous evening, j could not help specu , fating whether this could be in consequence of Lady- Uanbl≠'a absence. - She never came '• .down to breakfast; I found. Her maid, a lnoet formidable-looking femate, with red hair, ; ; and the muscles of a: gillie, came in. I remem ber, with a tray, and took her ladyship's choco \- late up to her. This pera n, I was afterwards told,-had been'born on the estate, and was r devoted to Dunblane. £be bad bee» ill spoken of as a giil; but Dunblane's mother had be friended": and; made'this* Ehpte her body ser .-▼ant,-and Dunblane had in'si-tfd, when he married,.on her filling the same office to his ;wifc, much to that lady's aurorance, who 'rwi«hed for a modish waiting, woman from : Edinburgh or 1/ondon fio much for this ill . favoured specimen of her sex, to whom I nevfr spoke in my-life, but who impressed me very- unfavourably whenever I saw her. . After breakfast his lordship took me over the . rostle, and gave me all the historical associa virions connected with it, showing me, with great t- pride, the bed in which Queen Mary had slept; r a yew .tree, said to have been planted by r-Bobert Bruce; and the suitof armour borne '••by Dunblane of Dtitblune at the battle of ; Bannockhurn. He dilated on the glories of hi* v, house with more animation than I bud yet observed : then suddenly the cloud came over -.-him. 'And to think,' he said, 'that all thia must pass into another line—into hands thtt have been debesed by trado* (which was not ; polite to me; hut he entirely forgot my pre sence for the moment, 1 am sure);' to think that < people who have hardly a drop of old blood in their veins, who hare intermarried for gene rations with Smiths and Browns, and plebeian names of that Jcitid," shou 1 d'come to Inherit tills,t whioh they'Have no fooling for, no pr*de iu— by G—d, it i.« enough to wring one's heart!' ; And this war. the way ho wen; on, from time. to time,bursting .out in imprications ou his. fate in having no heir, and upon the evil star which had risen over his house. It was in vain that I pointed out that he was young still, aud'. in . good; health, and must hot; abandon hope. He ehoolc hie head gloomily. _ s The prophecy is agjdnpttne : itis no life. \ *,f "VVlien five Dunblaues hare liad bo sob, ,» • . , ' Thenshall the line direct bo : v Itis clear, enough^ Is it hot? I am doomed. ! I should have" known it.* When did such V prophecy ever come wrong? .Whit a cursed fool I was to marry^' So I th'oucht; to 'marry, that is to say, as ho had done) out I abstained from anytng t>o. Ny-and-by his lordship toolc Mr. Pilson to his study, where they wore engaged for 6ome hours over business: and X was left alone to ramble about the castle, inside and out, as I would. - Remembering the ftory I had heard of a •secret room. I counted all the windows out side,,and then, returning- to thd castle, trn-_ verged every passage, mounted. eVery turret, and opened every door I could, to eoe. if the number of windows corresponded.'. With the help'of the serving mah who'rh'I met.on the stairs, and w'ho knew nil the rooms in the castle, he said/. I accounted for each window satisfactorily. And after two hours' diligent endeavour to solvo this mystery, I arrived at thf conclusion that then could be no room—it was all humbog. £ was at a time of life, you see, when over confidence in one's own powers is apt to lead one to very false conclusions. At luncheon Lady Dunblane appeared, and sn incident, which left a painful impression oh my mind, took place on. that occasion*. - D uri blar.c hada peeulinl\ aversion to her ladyship's spaniel-. Strict orders we're .given thai he was to be confined to ht/r ladyship's own suite of rooms, and on ho account to be allowed beyond them. But ebSVe door had inadvertently been left opto, and, while we were at luncheon* the spaniel ran barking into the room, irrtind and round the table, and finally straight between his lordship'e legb, who was at that moment 6nmting Uoder ono of his wife's sallies. ; He reared out in a voice of thunder: How. often have I told you, ma'am, to keep thit infernal little beast in your own room ?' and he kicked out so viciously, thai-he sVnt the pi>or animal spinnfng aion^Ahooak iloor to the further end.oTtbTe rootb, ftnero ho lay howling. His fei«tr^'fan up, and seized him in her arms; the creature's leg was. broken. Her' ladyship shrinked, and stamped, and my lord swore j! and, thoroughly sickened with the whole scene, I rose and left the room. Pileon joined me In the ball. * ' * What is to be the end of all this I Bald to ■him/ ; '.V * i :. ' ' Hia answer was, f I fittt afraid .to think.* ; Lord Punblane/ T 8ai5,seems to me tp^be loaing aH self-restraint. . Ti he goes on thus, whatw IIbecome of him?' ', •• Pilson looked ro\ind mmj then leaned forward and whispered,1 He will end his days in amad-; house.' Dunblane shut himself into his room for the rest of the afternoon. By-and-bv her ladyship drove out in her "coach and four, and carried ber dog in her arms to a veterinary sur geon some miles off. At dinner she appeared in as brilliant spirits as even How much of this was real I cannot say ;#no?, Supposing her hilarity to be ftssats'edj Whether it was done for the purpose of aggravating her lord. It cer tainly Exceeded, if so.' His morobeness waB ! enlivened bv several ferocious, sallies. The ! conversation turned upon Prance, I remember, j and on the probabilities of the First Consul' j being made emperor, a subject that engrossed 1 all minds just then. i; . ' How 1 admire that little man!' exclaimed her ladyship. * How much greater to found a dynasty, as he is doinir, than to inherit all the crowns in Europe I I begin to wish l was a Frenchwoman!' * I begin to wish you werecried my lord. * There iB not another • British peeress who would disgrace hertelf by uttering such a sen timent/ the laughed aloud, and replied, 1 Oh ! be cause they are less frank than I am. All women admire Le Petit Caporal in their hearts. What fun it will be if he comes over' here, and conquers us! It willbe much nicer being the ?ubjecte of a jL'rettheio, instead of the subjects of a m«d old king, who——' i Hold yoar toncue, ma'am!' fihouted Dun blane, bringing his fist down upon the table with a force which made the glasses clatter: * or; if you will talk your low treasonous rubbish, go and talk it in the kitchen. You shall not talk "it here!' Hie only'laughed in ?reply. She certainly j seemed, to take a delight in provoking him; and, a* she knew his sensitive' points, this was j ; not difficult. T found an opportunity, over a game of cribbace, later in the (evening, of ask ■ ing her why she acted thus. No doubt this was somewhat of a liberty," considering'our "horfe acquaintance; but I "ftlt I could hot re main longer in the house without trying to 1 amend matters. ' Oh !* she said,' anything for a little excite ment in. this hoiribly monotonous life. 1 should die of ennui if it watn't for the tiffs with my lord.' .. 1 I told her she did not know what harm she I wan doing; aud I a<tked if she never felt afraid of irritating a man so passionate at his lord I ship. * Bless you, no,' wr»s her reply. 'It is he who is afraid, reall3', of met—of my tonguo, you , see. Hm, ha! No one ever answered him before; his mother, his friends, his servants,— i why,—yourself, I daresay, you never contradict him? Now, 1 always do, and X' always say j just what I like. He hates mo, of conrse, but' he is afraid of ino, Mr. Carthews. Ha, ha,ha !• * Good heavens! I thought to myself, and tl eee two people are tied to each other for life. Both have a fair chance of living for tho next forty year*. What a prospect! Even before | we separated for the night she had stung him I with another of her irritating speeches. There had been some talk of the steward's boy, who 1 had tumbled from a tree, and had broken his leg. . . . ' Children are a horrid bore,' .j&T;&Lady; Dunblane. /Thank Heaven, I have no brat to bo tumbliug from trees, aud worry iugouo'a life out/ : J dare say she did not mean it» it is hardly possible that, under the circumstances* ahe should not have wished for a child. The devil wus in iho woman, constantly prompting Some thing to aggiHvnteher husband. His hack was towards me*, on .this occasion,.'and . ho said nothing, bo I could only judge of tho effect pro duced upon him by his instantly , lighting a chamber candlestick and Reaving the room*,) We saw him no more. th?,t night. /■:. r • ' / The'next day and tho day following only further-developed 'the hopeless condition of affairs between Lord and Lady Dunblane." I* tried once to'speak to him on' thp 'subject, but I found it was in vain. An ineradicable hatred of his wife had grown up in him, which ho,did not attempt to conceal. Whennlono with him he would occasionally converse; in hdr pre sence he seemed to be perpetually on the look- i out for what might drop from her irrepressible tougiie. The foiirth aaybf iiiy stay , at the castle—-the day before X was obliged to. return to Aberdeen—arrived, ahd 'with' it "oamo; a guest, Who, although expected, was. evidently anything, but welcome. This was Mr.'James Dunblane, the hefr-at law, who had only'lately been traced, and between whom and Lo'rd Dun blane certain communications had' been passed by letter. This was his first'visit to tho castle —n visit which, as I afterwards lenrnt, was a matter almost of necessity, lie seemed to feel the awkwardness of his position* I do not-re member/much about the j*ouag man, except that he was plain in person, and .very quieL Lord Duublane .received .him.. Coldly, but politely. Lady D'unblAhe, after the usual fashion, plunged at once into the subject of all others bis lordship shrunk from any notice of.. •/ . - • •• 1 So you (ire come, as heir-at-law* to be let ipto tbo eecret of this famous rooiH atfc J'ou! Why, it is as bad as helfcg madeafreemason ! , . . Can you keep a secret, Mr. Dunblane? be couse, if not, untold-misfortunes are to befal us.' And the laugh with which she concluded mounded to me like tho ecTeech • of ah owl fore boding evil. Lord Dunblane looked .as-if the cculd. have Blabbed, hpri but fie only & Uttered an oath undektis breath, itnd clenched his fist —a movement whinb no one saw but myself. Every incident of that evening is fresh in my recollection. I remember how she returned again and again.to that subject, as- though it had a fatal fascinatiou for her, but moro likely, I fear, because the saw that, her husband writhed under it: ' She ridiculed the prophecy, and laughed at all those.superstitions, which his lordship cherished as his religion, .it was distredsibg to watcn him the while. He was far quieter thah usual, scarcely ;apoke4- .but 'ijatj his arms^crossed, staring at the ure, with eyes , which burnt, themselves, like coals, and when 1 be swore, which he did once or twice, it was in a suppressed voice, contrasting strangely with his usual violence. ; But there was a vibration in the tone which showed how strongly, he was stirred. At last, it was late in the evening, and wo were sitting, round her ladyship's tea table, when she committed her crowning act of folly by offering to lay a wager with any one i that she would find out the secret room herself. I need hardly sa£ no one accepted the chal lenge. But she. was not to be discouraged. She had seen her husband's face go white, and the look which/ he bad shot at her gAve a zest to her audacious scheme. She repeated her declaration that she would penetrate this won ful mystery. Such things were well enough to frighten old women with',in the middle ages, but how any one could believe in predictions and other rubbish of this kind in the present day paused hercomprehension. For her part she had no faith, in anything of the kind, and to prove what folly it was, she should leave no stone unturned to discover*this room about which such a fuss was made : after which the secret, 6he declared, should remain one' no longer. I tried to stop her; Filson tried to stop her; it w«s all no iisa. riho had got the bit between her teeth, so to speak, and. away, sho went, partly to show off, and partly out of spite,regurdle?sofwhatshe said, provided it pro duced an effect end inflamed my lord yet more. She pictured, laughingly, the cob-webbed con dition of the room, and how shi would turn in the housemaid with broom and duster; after which she would give an evening party there, and invite all the ghosts to come, if they ohooae —1 indeed tho bhek gentleman himself!' . | Poor woman, shodittle knew what she was in I voking. No one laughed. Even the heir, who, being shy, always smiled when reqriired, looked too stupefied to comply with the de mand < n this occasion. To glanco'at Lord Dunblane's face was enough to check any in clination to hilarity. I hate never forgotten its expression. I had witnessed his ungovern able passion scores of times,' prompting bini to sudden acts of violence. But how, thero whs a certain admixture of fear (she had divir.od rightly, T saw, when she said ho was afraid of her) with the rage which trembled through his whole frame, the like of which I have novor beheld but onto sine© in my life. I saw a benst-tamer enter the hyenas* den at the show last year. The aspoctof their malignant fury cowed by terror, but watching for its opportu nity to burst forth, the savage hissing where with they received tho lash and showed their fangs, recalled to mo Dunblane's demeanour as ho listened to bis wife. . . . At last; X could stand'it no longer, and made up my tnind to tell a lie. 1 Lady Dunblane/ I said, ' like most Scotch men, X am n trifle superstitious. This is my last night under 3*our hospitablo roof, and X am sure you would not .willingly disturb its rest. You are so happily constituted, as to bo i above fear of any kind. Others are weaker. Lot me earnestly advise you to leavo all the \ superstitions connected with' Dunblano Castle alone. Believe mo, there are moro things in 1 heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your ladyship's philosophy.' . I She burst out a-laughing, as usual. *Oh, •Mr. Carthewa, I am ashamed of you. But X see -what'it* is.. You are afraid, not of the ghosts and predictions, but of ray lord.. Well, X shall see you io May, when 1 pass through Abcrdeon on my ;way south, and I shall tell you nil about it then; for, depend upon it I shall have found out the secret by that time* And flo, in: the imolouce ^f'youtk^nd hiRh spirits and an indomitable will, she bado as good night, poor, woiuiiu, ~aud I nerergawhef ngaib. " ■ ; ir J '•': ; (To be co»iinutiij; ^ ^ 