POLITICAL TOPICS. It is said that Sir John O'Shanassy is furious at the turn things have taken by which ho is left out in the cold. Having worked so indefatigably to defeat the late Governmont, he thinks some of the spoils should go to him. That Mr. J. G. Duffy should be in the Ministry, and he, the great Sir Joss, out, is too much. Well, it is hard, but then there cannot bo two suns in one sphere, and ho is too eminent to take a subordinate place. Bi>t there is a happy solution of the difficulty possible. Some shrewd thinker has aslced why could not Sir John O'Shanassy be Speaker ? The idea is an excellent one. It would be a graceful and appropriate tribute to our oldest and one of our ablest politicians to place him in the Speaker's chair in the Assembly of which he is one of the creators. Payment of members is not done with yot. A majority of tlio House is in favor of it, and Mr. Berry is waiting to catch a victory upon this burning question. We believe the Government will not oppose it. If they did they might be beaten, and that would bo a fiasco. Mr. Service will address the electors at Maldon pn Wednosday next. Considerable in terest is naturally felt about hip speech, and yet what can he say now ! It is hardly likely that the Government have already matured a policy, though this is the era of surprises. Ono point we should like to be assured on, and that is the qualification for the franchiso for the Upper House. Is it to bo limited, or will tho franchise be based on the rate payers' roll ? We trust Mr. Service may see his >vay to make it as liberal as possible. SUPPLEMENT.—A supplement is published with this morning's issue. NIHILISM IN RUSSIA.—The Nihilists in Russia appear to bo rapidly gathering strength, for day by day their boldness increases, and they appear now to bp on the verge of open rcbeliion. A cablegram from St. Petersburgh intimates that they have declared that the attempt to blow up tlio Winter Palace was made by them, and they regret the failure of the plot laid to deprive the Czar of Iub lifo. Proolamationa have boon pub licly issued, announcing that further attempts to kill the Czar will bo made, unless he consents either to abdicate or to grant the required reforms in government. On tho other hand the Government continue 'determinedly to endeavor to repress the organisation. The Nihilist who lately attempted to assassinate General Melikoft", the head of the commission appointed to deal with the con spirators, was summarily tried and sentenced to bo hanged, and tho sentence has been carried into effeot, THE ENGLISH MAIL. — The Royal Mail Steamer Bangalore arrived at Adelaide at fivo o'clock yesterday afternoon, and has been placed in quarantine in consequence of an out break of measles on board. Our summary has been delayed on account of this. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN V. FIFTEEN OF VIC- TORIA.—The last match to be played by the Australian Eleven in the colony before proceed- ing on their trip home, was commerced oil tho Melbourne Cricket ground yesterday, against Fifteen of Victoria. The Eleven went in first and made a tctaj of 202' riins 'before they were disposed of, Jslight'with -JO, Palmer with'31, Mur doch with 25, and A- Ba'nnermau with 24, being the highest sporers. " The fifteen then went in, but did li.Qt iijaUe a brilliant start. When tho atuifjpj WSV9 draiyrjj two wjejeets had fallen for 15 runs. INTERESTING TO FARMERS.—We would di- rect the attention of farmers and produce growers to an advertisement which appears elsewhere from the Department' of Agriculture, stilting that the Minister of Lands and Agricul ture wijl allow Mold's red aud white seed wheat to be disposed of nf; tho Government experi mental farm, Cashel, at the rate of f}ve shillings per bushel. The quantity allowed to each pur chaser will not be more ihni) ono bushel, and applications are to be addressed to tllP manager of the farm at Cashel. MR. JAMES MACBAIN.—We learn from the Age that a requisition is being signed in Mel- bourne, asking Mr. James MaeBain, who re cently-retired from the VVimmera electorate in tho Assembly, to stand for the Central Pro vince, it being understood that Mr. Sargood will resign his Beat in this Legislative Council shortly.' THE WEST MELBOURNE ELECTION.—A table published in the Arrju.% showing the details of the voting at the West Melbourne election, dis closes that 2,31? eleotors voted solidly for the two Opposition caudidat'co, Sir Charles MacMahon aud Mr. Orkney, and that J,974 plumped for Sir Bryan ' O'Loglilen, The plumpers for Sir Charles MacMahon numbered only 45. and for Mr. Orkney 50. Sir Bryan O'Loghleu gained only about 130 from tho split votes, The Mni.uooRNK Exhibition.—Iho pnze awards in connection with the Melbourne International Juvenile Industrial Exhibition were published in yesterday's Melbourne papers, aiul we are gratified to lind that exhibitors from Sandhurst and the district figure in a highly satis factory manner in the prize list. The names ot the local prizetakers will bo found in a list pub lished in our supplement this morning. J. hu majority <>f the prizes of course go to exhibitors residing in and about Melbourne, from whom a arcat portion of the exhibits were received, but of the S3 gold medals awarded, four cotno to Sandhurst, as also do twenty of the 380 silver medals. Exclusive of certificates, of which a largo number have been awarded in respect of local exhibits, eleven other prizes oonio to this part of tho colony. The four who have won the distinction of a gold medal are—M. bchaefer, for woodwork of model spring cart; Annie M. Taylor, wax flowers; Robert Ciingau and Win. Goldsmith (both of whom are apprentices of Messrs. Finn, Quiu, and Co.), for a polished granite monument. In addition to these, a young lady, who until lately resided in Sandhurst, but who ia now living at llichmond, Miss M. A. Famsworth, _ has succeeded in carrying off a cup valued at £5 us., and tho gold medal offered by tho oxccutivo committed of tho exhibition, for tho best oil painting from nature. Amongst the others in the list wa observe that tho apprentices of Mr. J. \V. Faul, manufacturing tinsmith, have been vcrv successful, each of the lads who exhibited Slaving talcen a leading prizo for household tin ware. °J. Horbury and W. Tell are awarded silver medals and £5; K. Curr, tirst-class certificate for a hall lamp; R. Wilson, first-class certificate and £1 for an aquarium. Two of theso prizes are the highest awarded for the class of goods exhibited, and tho other a second prize. Whilst 011 the subject of exhibition awards, and as an illustration of the high opinion entertained in distant parts of the work, turned, out by the local stone-cutters, we may mention that at the Sydney International Exhibition a day or two ago, Mr. Taylor, of Mitchell-street, was awarded first prize for a collcction of granito. It should have been stated in the paragraph in our yester day's issue, relating to the Geelong Kxhibition awards, that William Crippin, who was awarded a silver medal for a granite monument, is an apprentice of Messrs. Finn, Quiu, atul Co. S'l'KNCU l-'UOM T1IK PONDS IN TUB RESERVE. —For some timo past a great many complaints havo been made respecting the disgusting effluvia which exists at tho dams iu the Upper Reserve. The matter has received the attention of the health officer and health inspector (Dr. Cruikshank and Sergeant Webb), who submitted a report with respect thereto, to the City Council yesterday. ThtJy said in their report that the stench there was bo bad that many persons who were in the habit of crossing the reserve by the path leading between the dams had discontinued doing so., On the night of the 3rd iust. tlo stencli arising therefrom was plainly noticeable at tho Five Liona Hotel, and also near tho High School. There was 110 doubt but that the stench omanatcd from the water of the dams, and that it was caused by decomposed vegetablo matter in tho dams. The water was covered near tho outlet with a nasty slimy green scum, and it was the opinion of tho officer* that tho dams required to bo thoroughly cleaned out. Tho report was received, and, on the motion of Cr. Holmes, it waa referred to the parks committee to report on, the health officer to be asked to meet the committee. An IuroDENT Thf.it.—Yesterday a woman named Susan Armstrong was arrested by Senior constable Gleeson, on tho charge of having stolen a basket containing a variety of articles, the property of a hawker named Jones. It appears that Jones left the basket on tho foot path in Bridge-street, and whilst away from it, the woman took it, and pawned it. Information was givon to the police, which resulted iu the arrest of the prisoner, who will appear before the city bench this morning. The woman is al ready known to the police, and has only recently been discharged from gaol, where she underwent a sentence for stealing under somewhat similar circumstances. P.uu.iasikntary Appointments. — By tho postponement of the meeting of Parliament until the lltli May, the choice of Speaker aud Chairman of Committees is deferred until a con venient season. Tho new Government are not yet committed to any nomination. It is re garded as highly probable, however (says tho Aryits) that Sir Charles .MacMahou will be pro posed for the Speakership. Australian Natives' Association. — A special general meeting of the above association was held on Monday evening last at tho Beehivo lixohango. Tho President (Mr, M, J. Cahill) occupied the chair. Thero was also a large at tendance of members present. The usual busi ness waa gone through, aud several accounts were passed for payment. The secrotary (Mr. W. H. Bradloy) read a Bhort address to tho members on tho working of the society, in which there wero several suggestions. The President gave a lengthy address on the subject of nationality amongst tho natives, aud urged upon the members to go hand in hand to work, and endeavor to get as many members as pos sible to join the association. It was decided that a circular should be drawn out, and distributed to all natives in Sandhurst, desiring aud urging upon them to join their own national aocicty. It was also proposed that as the society increased there should bo a reading room and library in connection with the asso ciation, and also such games as tho: members thought fit to indulge in. It was decided that at the next meeting an essay should bo road and debated upon. Other minor business waa disposed of, and after an hour's enjoyment iu siuging, debating, etc., the meeting terminated. Narrow Escape vrom Fire.—Last evening Mr. Lloyd's Arcade Hotel, Hargr-.-aves- streot, l«ad a very narrow escape from destruction by tire. At about seven o'clock one of Mr. Lloyd's children, a little girl about live years of age, went to the sitting-room up stairs to get some articles therefrom. She took a lighted caudle upstairs with her, and incautiously placed it so near tho curtains of one of the front windows that they ignited, Tho flame was seen by several persons in the Arcade, who rushed to the window with a ladder. At the same time Mr. Lloyd, hearing the alarm, rushed upstairs aud with a jug of water partly extinguished tho flames, but had it not been for the timely assistance of those who arrived on tho scene, as stated, and who had a good supply of water, tho flames would never have beeii mastered. They wero got under very smartly, very little damage being douo, only a few articles of furni ture having suffered. A number of firemen arrived on the scene, but fortunately their ser vices wero not required. The fircbell was not rung, but the watchman' states that ho per ceived tho reflection of the fire, and turned up tho blue nigbfc-signal, but just as he was about to ring tho bell tho flames disappeared, aud ho consequently refrained from ringing. A Scare.—Yesterday tho startling news was whispered around . tjiafc a reaj livp ghost had been visiting a lonely busli track in tho vicinity of Spring Gully for somo time past. This nocturnal visitor has, it is said, made itself visible to somo superstitious woodcarters, who, on seeing the "appearance" beat as hasty a retreat us possible. Tho fearful apparition is variously described, and some o£ the descrip tions are so very minute as to load to the justi fiable suspicion that tho speotators have con jured up fanciful pictures from their imagina tion, Whatever has givep rise to the believed existence of tho ghostly visitation has not been yet ascertained,' but amongst a number of per sons whoso business oarrioa thom backwards and forwards past the spot, a wholesome dread of "the thing" is said to exist, and some will only venture along that road at night wliou accompanied by others. The ghostly visitant has uofc explained tho exact object of his mission, but no doubt supIl would be ascertained if a few of the scared ones had only the moral oourago to more closely interview it. If they wero to do so, they would, no doubt, discover that tho causo of all their fears was something very harraleia indeed. The Weatitkr.—The state of the weather continues very oppressive, but although rain was threatening all day yesterday none fell. The day was close, cloudy, aud muggy, with a light easterly wind. Tho ther momotcr registered at Messrs, Joseph aud Co.'s, Pall Mall, as follows-.—9 a.m., 68'; 12 a.m., 74°; 3 p.m., 78°; G p.m., 73'; maxi mum, SI"; minimum, 65°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.200; 6 p.m., 29.240. Woivrny of Imitation.—A gentleman of this city having occasion to write to a firm in Sydney whose name or style he had forgotten, for warded hi« letter under cover to the Postmaster General o£ New South Wales, requesting him to 'causo' ifc to 1}? properly addressed and deHyerpd to tho firm whjch' was indicated. Not only was tjie lottpr promptly and properly'ad dressed apd fof-w^rded £o its iptenijed destinar tion, but the sender was pourtponsly informed by letter of such delivery. 8uch official courtesy and accommodation, wo think, without intend ing disparagement to our local officials, should, with tho appreciation by the public of such plpaijapt iif.HonB, go far pour encourage? les attires literally, ' . - - Accident at Eijtr Cheer. — Mrs. Sarah Pramloy, aged G5, met with a rather sorious accident ypstPfday at Emu Creek, She was driviii'' a horse iu a oart when tho animal bolted^ and sho was thrown out with suoh forco that her left arm was broken, aiid alio also sustained considerable bruises to her faoe. Tho sufferer waa taken to the hospital with all despatch, where her injuries wero attended to. Traffic Returns.—-The Victorian Railways traffic returns, for the week ending 26th Feb., show the following results, the number of miles open being 1,174, as against 1,007 for the corres ponding period of 1879;—No. of passangers— 1S79 CO,020; 18S0,i 64-03*2.' Total, returns for week endiiig 20th'Feb.,.*-£24,057 ISs. 3d.; for the corresponding week, 1S79, £23,201 15s, 2i. Aggregate to ijato from 1st July, £849,003 13!r. 4d.- for corresponding poriod in 1879, £836,495 ISs' Od. Weekly average (34 weeks)—1880. £•24,970 103, Ud.; 1879, £24,002 16s. Gd. ConitKSroNDENOK,—We have received a letter from Mr. J. E. Wall iu reference to the inquiry made through our columns by a correspondent yesterday as to whether it was right that a | deputy-registrar should register the deaths of his own patient?. We do not publish Mr. Wall's letter, because there is really nothing in I it of the nature of a reply, and besides, Mr. Wall must know that it is against the spirit of U10 law that a medical man should perform the functions of a registrar iu oases where his pro I fossional services have been called in. I Fish for Lake Wekroona.—An experiment to prove the suitability or otherwise of the water ( in Lake Weeroona for tisli, will shortly be tried. Mr. J. lloldsworth who takes a great interest iu the stocking of our waters, etc., with iish, has received a letter from Sir Samuel WiUos, in forming liirn that there remain some fifty trout j in the batching ponds at Ercildoune, which Sir Samuel Wilson will bo happy to forward h> Sandhurst, as soon as arrangements are made by tho City Council for their reception. Tlirf Town Clerk having been acquainted of the oiler, will in due course make the necessary arrangements, and will place tho trout in Lake Wceroona. Tin-: St. Paul's Curacy.-—'Tho liochc*.f.cr Ex press says:—"Tho friends of the Rev, H. A. Thomas and tho adherents of the Church of i England in Rochester and district, will while I regretting that gentleman's departure be pleased to learn that his removal is for his advancement. Mr. Thomas has been appointed curate to Canon MacCnllagh, of St. Paul's, Sandhurst, and will have for his charge Sc. Mary's, at Kangaroo Flat, and the parishes of Marong, Lockwood, and Strathfieldsaye. Mr, Thomas has been in cliargo of the Church of Ktigfatid iu this district for about two years, and though during that time it may be said to havo been passing through the most perilous period of its? existence, occasioned by the apathy of many of its mem bers, and the depressed times, yet Mr. Thomas by his peculiar energy has succeeded so well that on the eve of his departure he leaves tho church iu a nourishing condition, compared with what it was previous to his coining. Board of Health and Cf.metkry Trusteks. Yesterday the City Board of Health, and the cemetory trustees met in the finance room of the City Council, Tho following gentlemen were present at caeh meeting:—The Mayor, Crs. Holmes, Bay lie, Burrowes, and Hayes. At the first named meeting tho business was merely tho passing of accounts, and the disposal of some formal business. The cemetery trustees decided upon having the lodge of the cemetery painted, and also the newly-erected fence. CITY POLICE COURT.—At this court yesterday one drunkard was brought up and dealt with. In two court cases there was no appearance of thg persons interested, and they were conse quently struck out. . A number of parents wero proceeded against for non-compliance with the provisions of the Education Act. In tweuty threo cases, fines varying iu amount from Is. to 2s. 6d. wero inflicted, and several were ad journed. Messrs. Holdsworth and Anderson, Js.P., wara on the bench. THE "LATE" POSTAL FEES.—It is the inten- tion of the postal authorities to reduce the " late foo " hitherto charged on letters posted at i the travelling post offices on the railways. After next Saturday a uniform late fee of 2d. will be charged on all letters posted after closing time. FIRE AT INGLEWOOD.—On St. Patrick's Day the sixteenth annual festival will be held in the Agricultural Society's grounds, Inglewood, in aid of the futuls of tho Inglewood Ilospital. The principal event on tho programme will bo tho North-Western Handicap, which is valued at £25. Full particulars concerning this eveut will be found in our advertising columns. POLITICAL.—The members of tho new adminis- tration were formally sworn in yesterday after- noon, before his Excellency the Governor. Sub sequently a Cabinet meeting was held, at which matters of general policy were discussed, and the following arrangements wero made for the general elections :—Issue of writs, Sth March ; nominations, 13th March; polling l'Jth March. Parliament will meet for the despatch of busi ness on the 11th May. Mr. Service, our Mel bourne corrospoudeut informs ua, will address his constituents next week, probably on Wednes day evening. Spoakiugof the office allotted to Mr. K. Clark—Minister of iliues and Water Supply —the Aryus says:—"Tho second title given to the office to be held by Mr. Clark is to be taken as an intimation that provision for tho supply of water in inland towns and distriota will be made oue of the featuros of the programme of tho Government." Qur oontemporary adds:— "There will bo nine Cabinet Ministers in tho Assembly and two iu the Council, so that tho Government will be represented with consider able numerical strength in both Houses. The ' reform proposals put before the country by Mr. Service in his recent address to the electors of Maldon will constitute the platform of the Government on one important subject. It is probable that Mr. Service will submit the full programme of tho Government to his consti tuents and tho country next week. It will be noticed that nearly all tho Ministers chosen have had considerable Parliamentary experience. Mr. Clark, of Sandhurst, is the only one whose original election to tho Assembly dates from so recent a period as the 11th May, 1877. There are two barristers and four attorneys iu the Ministry, so that it is provided with rather moro legal talent than the late Governmeut. It was expected amongst the many people who have been speculating during the last few days on the probable composition of tho now Minis try, that Mr. Murray Smith would be included iu tho list of iflen^bcra, but reasons of a private nature hayo prevented the hou. gentleman from taking office at tho present time." Tho Herald of last night sayB that at least three, and pro bably four, Ministers will bo opposed. Tho National Reform Leaguo have requested Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to oppose Mr. J. G. DulTy for Dalhousie, Mr. Spencer to oppose Mr. Gillios for Rodney, aud Mr. Byrne who formerly repre sented tho district, to oppose Dr, Madden at Sandridge. Hyde's Gardens.—Theso well-known gardens in Charleston road present just now a splendid appoarance, and will afford a rare treat to the admirers of the beauties of nature. On the islands, and on the banks of the lake, thousands of specimens of pampas and other grasses of a like character aro in full flower, and the effect is singularly striking and beautiful, presenting an appearance of a sea of beautiful snow-white plumes. Wo doubt if there is a similar display to be found in the colony. There are also many choice shrubs and plants in flower, and a visit to the gardens cannot fail to afford pleasure. The gardens, it may be mentioned, aro withiu a few iniuutes walk of Lake Wceroona. Miss Willis'o New Zealand Combination-. —Last night this company were to have made their first appearance in the Royal Princess Theatre in the Jrish drama, "The Shaugh rami.'' They were prevented from doing so through tho sudden indisposition of Miss Willis, but they will positively appear this evening, NoHTrfCQTT'a Band.—Tho following pro- ' gramme of music will be played by North - cott's Volunteer Band on the Shamrock balcony this evening (weather permitting), commen- I ing at seven o'clock:—Quickstep, "Ulundi," j Macdonald; selection, "Barber of Seville," Rosalnij waits!, "Mountain Blossoms," H. Lyons; fantasia, "La Vallce de Rose3," P. Damian; polka, "The Avalanche," A. W. ; Micholson;-quadrilles, "Gems of the Opera," T. H, Wright) quiokstop, " Sho wore a wreath | of roses," H, Round) "God Save the Queen." A Female Elkctoh.—"Ono of the curiosities of the reccnt election," (states tho East Charlton Tribune] "was the recording of a vote by a young lady, the deputy-returning officer evidently missing that portion of the clause referring to 'Every malo person.' The young lady, whoso Christian name is France?, was enrolled as a ratepayer, but tho sex was not diaolosed, as. tho name was spelt Francis, and henoe she got her voto and recorded it 'like a man."' Birds and Newspapehs. —The Hamilton Spectator says:—It will be remembered that some time ago wo re-publishod a paragraph from a contemporary, stating that pieces of old newspaper swinging on fruit trees had been found to frighten birds away. Amongst others, a gentleman residing in Hamilton—it would not bo safe to name him, or two-legged despoilers might take advantage of the information—has experimented in tho m ^ner alluded to, and the I result has been as graying to him as it is astonishing. Not a pear on some well-loaded trees has, so far as he can see, since been touched, whilst on a neighbor's tree, not 20 feet away, every pear has been destroyed. Thohon. troasurerofthoBendigo Hospital (Mr. Fj'HoTvar^, Sayings Bank,) begs to: acknowledge I with thanks tho rpceipt hf the following dqnJitioiiR in aid of t|)e institutionWesleyan Sunday School, Echuca, per Mr. Wm. Kyle, £1 as.; German Association, Echuca, per Mr, C. Schiebliph, £1 ls.| Mr. R, F, Howard, £1 Is.; Through tho oolleotor, Mr. J. E. O. Birch, Mr. Sum ICwn Cheong, ill; Mr. Aclc Goon, £1:' Mr. Hugh McDavitt, £1;Mr. John Holdsworth, £1 Is.: Mr. William Kowe, £1; Mr. W, H. Berryman, £1; Bunk of Australasia per Mr. 0. C. Williams, £3 3s, Mossrs. L. Maopberson and Co. will sell by I public auction at their bazaar, Oharing Cross, at two o'clock on Friday, the 19th inat., 156 acres of alluvial and agricultural land, situate at Lock wood, known as Mr. Esier's farm, together with tho buildings erected thereon, comprising a aix !.roomed brick house, and all the accessary out houses and conveniences. Further particulars may be obtained upon perusal of the advertise ment in our auction columns, or upon reference to the auctioneers, The usual assembly of the Royal Albert Qua drille Club will be held on Monday evening noxt intho Oddfellows' Hall instead of Wednesday. " Mr. Alexandor Hobson through our advertising columns returns thanks for his election to a seat in the Mining Board. A summoned meeting of tha Bendigo Lodge No. 7,_ of the Clraihd United Order of Free Gardeners will bo hold on Wednesday ovening at eight o'clock. Further particulars concerning the lodge 1 will ba iuuud in the advertisement elsewhere, 