There are few people, we suppose, who will not think that Bishop Thornton acted well in devoting the proceeds of the late bazaar to the Innes Memorial Fund. No doubt those who think he did well'may have arrived at the con clusion by different methods of thought. Some by pondering over the perpetual obligation of charity to the widow -and- the fatherless, the wider-minded ones who thus pondered seeing jfflat icharity is also?justice,-often taking the form of what a contemporary French - writer of a .very rationalistic school calls “reparative justice.” The relief of all ■ suffering or want is, of course, the of some seeming defect somewhere in the mysterious sequence of human .events, andr hence, the never-ending duty of active philanthropy. Some may have applauded the bishop, then, on the ground that the diversion of the bazaar money from the palace fund to the ; relief 1 fund wasonly an act of enlightened justice, as the object was more exigent; than. ; that .of clearing off so much more of the debt due on the house and grounds, of But the declared motive of-the diversion opens up another view of the business. The bishop is made to say that he wishes to give money to the Innes Memorial Fund because he “feels'fiiri fionbr pledged to dissociate diocesan funds, as far as .lies • within his power, from the particular methods of raising money alleged to have; been employed at the bazaar on Friday last.” ■That is, the bishop disapproves of raffles in the raising of church funds,- and without going into nice analyses of things very similar; but of different/jiames, iWe;; may-: say at once i that we sympathise with the bishop’s view of things. .Looking at the church from the' bishop’s point of view, and the point of view presumably occupied by his co- religionists,: getting money by raffles not,a nice way of 1 arranging for the maintenance 1 of 'what they' call “ the work of God.” To the bishop, com-; paratively fresh from -the -fat placidity and finely mellowed dignity of established church men in the long enjoyment of assured terri torial revenues, the bazaar and the raffle in aid of an episcopal palace would naturally seem not only grotesque' and irreverent but shocking in its want of all the proprieties.' But we take it that Bishop Thornton acted from a higher level than. that. He regards gambling as ’ v immoral; ■' ‘fie thinks' : raffles are dangerously near- to immoral gam bling, that they do'‘in fact involve the, same, element in kind, and he feels bound, therefore, on the Christian pfinciple.of avoiding even the appearance of evil, to reject the raffle' money from his - palace fund. .vHe has. the courage of his opinions, for he not only rebukes the thing he disapproves, but makes it an occasion of personal sacrifice upon the altar of charity. , But this higher view of the' bishop’s and, action,only leads to a still broader aspect of' 1 the general and suggests the enquiry : "Why are jbazaarSjand pr 5 .bazaars, without raffles, neededfor the,support'of,religion 1 ‘ It cannot be because churchgoers, are all poor, for we see that churches are filled with those who are clothed, in many colors and costly,' and in fine linen, and wfio look as if they fared very comfortably, if not sumptuously, every day. Their bodies, too, which are said to be “temples ;of ;. the; Holy - Ghost,” : are much bedizened with gold and silver and .precious stones. It cannot, then, be that bazaars and raffles are indispensable to religion because the people are bent beneath a crushing weight of poverty, and yet both' Protestant and Catholic bishops ; have ‘ to see their • ecclesiastical machinery oiled by the lubricating proceeds of' such-contrivances for raising money. In casting about for an explanation of this state ’of things, we have often been led to infer that the whole secret lies in tfie.. absence of a live faith in the 'churches.' The facts admitted -seem to suggest a want of reality in the pul pits and in the pews, a want of harmony '.between; the -theory preached and the actual and realising belief. of the preachers and :the hearers. We fancy,.that this is what ..was implied in some remarks made the other ;day in extra-episcopal circles, for it seems that -the evil adverted to exists o.utside.as, well as inside the circle of “ prelacy.’,’ . In Melbourne last before the commission of the Pres byterian- Assembly,' wo read that “a very lively discussion occurred in regard to the question of vital godliness,” and that the dis cussionl arose on what the Scotch people call an “overture” from the Geelong presbytery, propoaing a day of _ humiliation and prayer for the relief .of the church, inasmuch as “there is reason to believe that vital godliness is at •the present,time at a low ebb in our church.” Now, bur ’friends from Scotland are" generally regarded as an eminently practical people, Tariff it appears that some of the MiniBters;jrho discussed the “ overture regarded the absence of siller and a low ebb in the tide, of yital godfiness as almost effect; and, cause. We do not know where the RevT.', A. ‘ Davidson hails from, but he, at anyrate, seems to have taken f the ;i above T view -of the situation/-'- Said- he, “ Religion in mariylparts of the country was at awery'low standard, and, in; fact,--some of- the ministers were at starvation point, and have been obliged to?resign:,their .charges,- owing to the unwillingness or inability of their congre gation to support them.” Wo rather incline to,Mr>pavidadn.’s' method... Trae, some of Ms. did . not~* concur in the' doleful' and uig|d saying—it -%aa necessary that' ‘.‘■steps' be taken..-to .rouse the people- to_. a sense of their"poaiti6ir.’ r ~S ome suggested''*; middle course, as one whoadVised that “ the best-plan.'was- to continuepreachingthe.Gospel steadily, which would work its own good.” But “ he’ may have come of the same sort of men whbj“ like”' oid“'Graeme~'of ■■liynedoch,' fought at Waterloo, 1 and kept oh fighting, not knowing that, as ;the French, protested, they were beaten. So he will keep, on preaching “steadUy,” keeip hiapowder’dry 1 if not over hot; and leave the rest ‘ ta HeaVeh." "Now, if we the non •Presbyterian"' raffles and bazaars with the ‘Presbyterian ministers at “.starvation point,” we'are compelled to con clude' Ullthe churches under.ohe common; cloud, and more of less accurately definable’ in the language of the Geelong overture to tbe.General Assembly, ( Of course, we look at the'case from the position of the churches themselves, and in view of their , creeds and. all the,, elaborate belongings thereto; 1 and in doing so. wo cannot help thinking that a rousing up, as . the. Scotch minister suggests, is the thing fequifeA But it may be ’that l this is wanted both in pulpit and pew, and that both want ; to be brought face to face with the question whether or .not they are not more or less shams, both of them,” .With a real, earnest, vivid belief in the awful assertions made in their, hooks,and, creedk . and ,' sermons, a ■ belief translating,.. itself into a life, and ordering all life’s details thereafter,- it 'would be impossible to have existing con temporaneously in our churches the need of raffles and bazaars, >’ or ministers; at starvation point, and the pomp and show“6f well- fed bodies decorated ;with Jcostlyf and gold and silver and rings of jewels, and making with all that an outward show of what Carlyle says people ‘‘call worsMp. of God.” : • ' M. 