AQUATICS. Laycock's winnings up to dato, ex elusive of bets, amounts to over £1000. WTe (Ecko) learn that the period of leave of absence granted to Laycoek has been extended for two months, so that an opportunity may be afforded to the Australian sculler of meeting Han 'an, for the Championship of 'the World, liefore he leaves England. TnicrxrT's DEFEAT EXPLAINED. Perhaps it is .too much, to say: that Trickett's late defeat on the Thames is accounted for, but it is n'ot too much to say that his easy defeat is now made most comprehensible. " Tim Whiff ler," in England, who contributes Sporting Notes to the Leader, when writing on 8th October, says: " I hear strange rumours from those likely to know concerning your man Trickett. That he is 'all to pieces' all* are agreed, and what is worse he is suffer ing from a fit of the 'blues,' whatever complaint that may be. I am in formed, too, that his training is too strong, and that a little less work and a little, more ' home- brewed ' would Prove beneficial. I 'huve seen horses get as stale as coach horses from over work; the! same cause, therefore, is likely to make a souller ' slow as' a man in boots.' ?' If Trickett was in this reduced state early in October, what must his condition have been midway in November ? The weight he rowed (says the Leader) was a clear proof of his b'ding 'to6"omuch 'duced, and it wanted nothing moreothan the remutrks penned by. "Tim' Whiflier " to assure us that he was weak and unfit to sustain his reputation in a severe contest when he entered his boat. ' .' Tho following extract from a letter by E. Laycook to a friend in Sydney will be.read with interest.. 'The ltter was' dated London,; October. '7: " Your papers considerably underrate Blackman ; he is as tall as myself, 25 yeai's of age, and weighs over 12 stone ; and as to his pace from Put- ney to Hammersmith Bridge, one and three-quarter mile, we did the fastest time on' reoord in' any race-nine minutes and four seconds, and lie was then only .a' length astern. I have seen Hanlan out often, in fact. have rowod over the 'course alongside, of him. I See very little in him, and can only concludo that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Trickett, so, bar accidents, he is not in it. His bump of self.esteem is exceedingly well developed. He rows open-handed, so I need tell you nosmore. I expect we shall have more races on before long. So far we have had fine weather. We are going to row'first and second for the Hop Bitters, if it comes' off." LArcoox's Wuacxss,-In announcing the ploasiing fact of Laypook's vietories on the Tihames champion 'aquatic course, and the extension of leave of absence grunted byothe Government to thit sculler in order that he may meet Hanlan, we would suggest in view of tho latter's early acceptance of the challengo that our oarsmuin's stakes .200--shoiold be colleoted by the 1people'of Now South Wales. When it is remembered the hard uiphill task it uas to Laycook to arrange a match or oven find afriond or backer inhingland, and that by him alone, at present, is tho aquatic honour of the colony up. held, surely some of the leading lovers of athletic sports will open a list to defray the expenses which must neces sarily fall on him in ondoavouring to wrest the sculling championship from the Canadian, aud ienoo more making Sydney harbour the scone. of its do. oision. Someoreoognition of Laycookq's pluck would 1) agraeoful aot" on' th part of his follow colonists cE, 2VAow.' -Wo hope to hoar of . the sugg0?tion thrown out in the ab',io 'blding'tkkoa up. AMATEUR SCULLIN CHAMPIONSHIP. — The race to decide the amateur scull- ing championship of New South Wales was originallly one of the events on the programme of the Balmain regatta, held on the 9th instant, but owing to bad weather it was postponed until Saturday last. The competitors were Mr. Brett, of the M.R.C., and Messrs, Arthur and Lord, of the Sydney Row- ing Club. Mr, Lord was a favourite at starting, but his performanco did not come up to the expoetatlon of his friouds, and after the ilrst mile the race lay between Messrs. Brett and Arthur, the former winning by throe or four lengths. . Mr., Arthur was fouled by Mr. Lord vt the i'rst turn, and lost some timn, or the flulsh would certainly havo boon a, los?and oxoiting onoe.-1V Noivs. Tnecuirr"AND Tuonx'soN.-A 'friend in London wiitoto .Mr. P. J. larkeo, of Sydncy, as follows :-".I hope you will lot it be inonwn farani wide what a sterling friend Jaock Thompson has boon to the inon; EoHe alonoetrainod Layooek, whilst to Triolett he is more than a brothor. He sooins to devoto himself entirely to him, and night and cday he is at his sorvico. Could man do moro ? I know that thord is some fooling in Syduoy about Jaok Thomp son being hero at all, and thorofore in, common justie it should be known as widely as possible that his presence is invaluable, and without in any way dosiring to dotract from Harry Kolly's merits, I may say, that if Triokott wins Thompson must share equally with him in the orodit of the victory." Hanlan, when lowing Trichett, passed Hammersmith Bridge in 9min. 01soo. When Layooolkrowed Blaok man ho passed the samt plaeo in mmin. 4seo, Joo Thompson is stated to have dropped £20,000 on the late flnlan. Tniolett mateh, A boy, aged 12, has boon sentonood to five years on the hulks for stealing peaphes at Brlsbano. 