'CnuttUtt. PICTURESQUE EDINBURGH. Xive&x; true Suoteinaa believes Edinburgh to be the moat pjoiuretqoe city in the world,' ?aid Alexander Smith. A stranger approach ing that ctty mo*; experience the same feel ing, for not only natural scenery and art, bat *wo history an-i romauoa, combine to grace the old capital of Scotland with almost mythical splendour. Of all the cities ol the modern world. Eiiinhnruh {? nua.t-i-na »k= moat beautiful : v located. Oa every side the arcbiieciurul masses are relieved by natural forma which tuoh&aco; them, and wnicli are of even greater beautv. Behind the city arb the noble outfits i.f Arthur's Boat and fcL* tuguu-iie profile of the Crage, while on the left uand are the bold seaward escarpments of the Calton Hiil. And of tl»o Cautie as a natural feature, how is it poSBible to say ioo much ? ThruBt up between the dusky ridges Of the Old Town and the long rectangular vutaa of the New, it stands there a citadel; a Wfttoh-tower, and a landmark seen from afar. For centuries Edinburgh waa a small settle ment of straw- i hatched huts surrounded by dense forests. It is unquestionably the child of the magnificent fortress of rook which to day stands- iu the very midst of (he city, orowned by the celebrated Castle. This rook is said to have been reed as a fortification » the earliest time by the Angles, and afterward it became an important military stronghaid of the Saxons. Edwin the King of Northumbria, often made his reeidence there, and the place came to be called Edwin's fcurgb, or stronghold, which is un doubtedly the significance of the name it baars to-day. Alter the seventh century, or the era of Edwin, the city increased in size and importance. During the reign of David I., in 1129, it came to be one of the chief burghs in the kingdom, and the royal court was held there. It was David who founded the abbey of Holyrood. To the canons of this abbey he granted the right to bnild a suburb westward from their church toward the Oastle. The new district received tbe same of Vieiu Canonieorum, which was gradually changed to ttie popular form of Canongate. What memories are awakened fit thfl -nnnrl stf 4l**-* *»om»-» I 1 i»AM JM »?* w^tv svwuu vi wai xfBUlo 1 AlcJCnulier Smith calls Canongate 'Soottish history fossilized.' One may pass from under tbe shadow of the Castle in the Grass-market by the anoient Cathedral of St. Giles, through High Street and Canongate, to Holyrood Palace, every step reoalling strange old reminiscences of past time. Old armorial bearings are still visible over ancient door ways. -Ghosts of kings and queens haunt the air. Thoughts of King James riding to Flodden Field of fair Mary of Soots, of John Knox, of bands of fiery Covenanters, crowd upon one, mingled with gentler visions of modern time— of Barns, of Sir Walter Soott, and many other celebrated men with whom we have lived in imagination, if not in re ality. As the Castle Bock— a natural fortification in itself— is in reality the nuoleas around which the whole city has gathered, it mUBt demand firet attention. The rock itself is a rugged basaltio mass, rising about 400 feet above the level of ihe sea. It is perpendicular on all sides exoepi toward the east, where it descends gradually to the plain from which rise the picturesque Salisbury Crags and the poble elevation of Arthur's Seat. The present buildings of the fortress date back only to the fifteenth century, with the e^oeptionof the;iittle Norman chapel built by the pious Queen Margaret, the Saxon Wlf6 Of Malcolm Oeinmnn anA mn»ko. ~t David I. She died in the Castle in the year 1093\. J The ancient Castle bore the name of Cas trum Puellarum— CaBtleof Maidens— and old legends give as a reason that the Piotish kings need to place their daughters there for safe- keeping wuntil their marriage. A deBO late, isolated spot indeed for the home of merry-hearted beauty, and ^ne can imagine these maidens gazing :-om the battlements with longing eyes, and waiting, ii.' e tbe PtinoesB Thorn-roBe, for the daring knight wiio should deliver them back to the world. The fortress ie of little military value at the present time, and mainly interesting for its connection wuh Scottish history. Pass ing the glacis, or esplanade, which in former times was the scene of the execution of many a political criminal, the fortress is en tered by a draw-bridge spanning a deep, dry fosse. Hers one must pause to consider for a moment tbe richness of surrounding asso ciations. Over the portcullis gate is the old state prison where the Marqois and the &arl; al Argyll and many other illtutrious prisoners passed many dreary hours. There behind the armory, is the old sally-port where Viscount Dundee scrambled up and held conference with the Duke of Gordon before going north to excite the Highland clans to enthusiasm for King James. Pass ing into the quadrangle, we co&,i to that portion «f tbe Castle which lor centuries loimed the royal, resides of the Soottan kings and queens. Here, in a wretched little hSSL borf OaU fl0Ot-Jam6B L ol Eag In Mother part of the residence is the Crosn Jtoom, where the coronation of many monarohs took place. xne 8noient regalia of Scotland is preserved in tbis room. It consists of a crown, sceptre, and sword of state. Xhe crown is Baid to be ihe same one wbioh rested npon the brow of Bobert Biuoe. Monograms of more modern kings have been added, but the crown itself is of veiy antique workmanship. This royal re galia waa forgotten for a hundred years, dur ing which time it rested in an iron-bound oaken ohest in thisisame room. It was only in 1818 that it was again brought to light. On the King's Bastion stands the famous old cannon Muns Meg, pointing peacefully over the valley. ItB ddJB of warfare are over, and tit is regarded enly as a curiosity of the past. It is supposed to have been constructed about the year 1476, at Mono, in Belgium, and ia known to have been used by James IV. at the siege of Dumbarton in 1489, and again at the siege of Korham Castle, on the Borders, in 1497. It ended its career in 1682, when it burst doling the firing oi a ealuie to the Duke of York. This great cannon, once celebrated as the largest in the woild, is formed of long staves of malleable iron held together by hoops. Standing in eternal ailenoe on the lonely bastion, it in an imposing reminder of the stormy Boxdet wate of long ago. Betting on the ramparts at the aide of this gigantic old wax fiend, one may enjoy a magnificent and extended pruspeot. Half Scotland stretch** around : on the south, the blue balk of the Pentlands ; on the north, the green, gnarled, round-headed Oohila, with the Firth flowing between, as if to soothe ihe wound which made these ridges twain; and on the extreme far north-west, the Mils of Bob Boy's country, Ben Lomond, Ben Ledi, Ben Yoirliob, and the reBt, lifting up their kingly foreheads. Fife, less bold and ambitious, yet attraots and fixes the gaze by the loveliness of its low and leaning ehores. Seaward, eve*/ pic turesque point and ooigas of vantage, Inch keith, the Bass aud North Btrwick Law, is strongly protruded, as well as clearly seen, and Ii&nh; and its neighbourhood oome oat eo Jinlin^lv tk**afr *i^m 4»A«t ^i-ia! « n .Motl *h *_ ?. __ tUBHJUVMJ «M|i* .jww vasji awi da wou M §?EU* noutioe the words : *' Tiie boat rocks at the pier o' Leitb, Fa' lond tbe wind blaws fne the ferry.' Eastward. Arthur's Seat towers grandly against the sky, and Salisbury Crag seems a promontory overhanging an unseen and ideal ocean. Nowhere else can yon see so well the contrast between the eharaeter cl the two townB— the Old and the New-4h* latter gay, glittering, like a section of fans Mv*een from Notre Paste, smiling as if there were to such things as Death and Change in the aniveree; the other with the shadow of a thousand sad memories mingling with the light of other days upon ft, sombre, sublime, silent in its age— truly what Wordsworth calls it: « Stately Edinburgh, throned on ong*-' Atd the valley wbieh wparasas the one fiom the other if difiwent from and iopwiorto doid — h gal! fixed, bat a glorious one, with tbe bridges and the mound crossing and cheering and peopling the chasm '. In the very centre of it rises Scott's Monument — an emblem of his wide and catholic genius, binding together present and perished ages. Almost at oar feet, towering above all eur roundioge, iB tbe crowned belfry of old St. Giles's. Of how mueb does it not remind as ! It takeB us back to the Edinburgh of Queen Mary and of John Kaox, and we seem to live again in that time of fierce theological striie. ? Knox was m^rn closely associated1 with Edinburgh than with any other place. Born in a rdj ill village of Lothian, the county of which Edinburgh wib the shire town, nearly his whole life wag spent ia t-iat vicinity, and bis great life workcertred there. He passed through many stormy seasons and tim^s of '.rial, and at last, ' weary of the world and ? hinting to depart,' he died in Edinburgh in 1572. His grave is marked by a small flat btone, over which tae Regent Morton pronounced the memorable eulogium : ' Here lies he that never feared the faoe of man 1' The honee where he lived and died still Btands in the Nether Bow, between High-street and Canongate. It is a pic turesque old building, one of the oldest in tbe cny. Near the northwest corner of St. Giles's, imbedded in the pathway, is a small stone, marking the site of the old Tolbooih, whose cant name of the Heart of Mid-Lothian ha? been rendered familiar as a household word by Scott's beautiful novel. Passing the Parliament House — a quaint, stately old building, with antique turrets and sculptures, where, on the adjournment of tbe last legislature of Scotland in 1707, Lord Chancellor Seafield exclaimed, ' There's an end of an aald sang !' — one may cross George IT. Bridge, and come into the presence of the silent yet eloquent dead lying under the graas of old Grey friar's Cnurobyard. This was originally the site of a Franciscan monastery, which was destroyed in 1559. Afterwards the ground, by a special grant of Qaeen Mary, was constituted the city ceme tery. It is one of the most interesting spots of oJd EJinburgb. In the old chorea here, in 1638, after a sermon by Alexander Henderson, the ' Solemn League and Cove nant' was signed by all the congregation, the Earl of Sutherland heading the list. Afterward it was carried out and laid on a flat tombstone in the yard, where the vast multitude assembled there all pressed for ward in earnestness and zeal to affix their own names to the parchment. Many, amid tears and prayer*, wrote their names with their own blood — a terrible forewarning of streams of blood that should flow in conse quence. The stone may still be seen, in closed with an iron railing, solid and firm as the hearts of those who crowded around it in that long ago. Tne walls of old Greyf riare' have echoed with the voices of Scotland's t 1 _ a. ? _ 1 ? XT . ? T'V — T» _ l_ ? ? Xt_ _ auittBb pieacuerB. uere ui. nvvviwvu, we historian, gave full vent to his Sloquence. Bobert Bollock, the first principal of tne Uni versity of Edinburgh, Dr. John Erskine, Dr. John Inglis, and Dr. Guthrie have all been incumbents here. Scott worshipped in this old ohurch when a boy, and his father and other members of the family are buried in the churchyard. Here also lie Alexander Henderson, George Buchanan, Allan Bamsay, Hugh Blair, to gether with many other eminent men of Edinburgh — lawyers, professors, and chief magistrates. Here was brought, wrapped in a coarse cloak, at dead of sight, the head Ibsb body of the once powerful Begent Mor ton, and secretly buned in an obscure grave. Bat there are yet nobler sleepers in this ' God's acre' — an innumerable company of martyrs. A monument to their memory bears tbe inscription: — 'From 27th May, 1661, that the most noble Marquis of Argyll waa beheaded, to the 17th February, 1688, that Mr. James Benwick suffered, were one way or other murdered and destroyed for the same causa, about 18,000, of whom were exe cuted at Edinburgh about 100 of noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others — noble martyrs for JeBus Christ;, The most of thtm lie here.': ' Ia a deaolate corner on the south side of Ihd yard about 1200 Covenanters, prisoners tdktn at Boihvreil Bridge, were confined for five months, and subjected to the most re fined cruelties. They were confined in the open air, with no shelter and no provision for their comfort. Four onnoes of bread per day, with water from one of the city pipes, wbioh passed near the place, was the allow anoe for each man. If any prisoner rose from the ground at night, he was at once shot at by the guard. Only women were allowed occasionally to communicate with them and bring them food, and these were subjected to every species of insult from the guard posted at the gate. Some broke down under the sufferings of this ancient Andersonville, and signed a bond never again to take up arms ag-ainst the king, npon which conces sion they were released. Over 409 remained firm, and many fell victims to the severity of the Scottish winter. A remnant, about 250, were finally sent on a ship to Barba does. The vessel tV3S wrecked on the way, and only a few soulfi. were saved. The Covenanters1 prison-yard is accessible by an ancient stone gateway, the opening guarded by an iron-rail gate, through which one may look with awe on the ground within sanctified by so much misery. ? Near by rests one of the chief enemies of ike persecuted Covenanters, Sir George Mackenzie. He was King's Advocate in the terrible times of Charles II. and James II., and had a larjre share in the cruelties then practised. He was eo detested by the common people that they believed his body could not rest in the grave, but waa forced to wav.der, keeping restless and wretched guard, like a sentinel of hell, around the circle of his victims; and boys used to cry in at the keyhole of his monument, ' Biuidy Mackenzie, come out if ye daur ; lift the #neck and draw the bar.' Passing from Grej friars' by College Wynd, where Walter Scott was born, we may cross the South Bridge and go to the Tron Churoh in High street, where in the square tbe good people of Edinburgh for centuries have been wont to meet to exchange New Year's greeting. When the clock in the church tower chimes the momentous hoar of twelve, the whole air rings with thouta of ' a happy New-Year I' Friend and stranger are ali&e; grasped by the hand, and mutual good wishes exchanged. There is a tradition that tbe articles of union between England and Sootland were fioally subscribed in a cellar opposite the entrance to the Tron Church. The place it at present occupied £-y a wicker-worker, and nothing may be seen there but the material of a workshop. Here tim Noith Bridge crosses the valley towards Princes-street and the new portion of Edinburgh. Just beyond the bridge, m High-street, is the shop where Allan Ramsay began business as a bookseller. Every etep here is fall of interest, and the history of each houBs would make a book. Biaokfriar's-street, running from the Cow gate hitherward, wae, until recently, a dis mal and wretched alley — Blaekfriar'e Wynd. Bobert Chambers speaks of it in his time as being utterly impassable on account of its rained condition, and it iB difficult to fancy that for a period of over five hundred yours it was the abode of princes and noblemen. Here dwelt the princely Earl of Orkney, whose dame was attended by ' seventy-fire gentlewomen, whereof fifty -three were daughters ot nobtemen, ail clothed in velvets and silks, with their chains of gold.' Que6n Mary was entertained here with all the nobles of her oourt, and through here ah« passed on her way to Holyrood after her last visit to Darnley, on the very night of bis murder. The whole length ot tue Canon gate to Holy-rood is alive with associations, both romantio and historical. In the ceme tery of Cancngate Churoh eleep many of the literary men of the last oentory. Here lib the remains of Fergusson the poet, whose monument was erected at the expense of Bobert Boms, ' to remain for ever sacred to the memory of him whose name it bears, and who was boia 5th September, 1751 ; died 16th Oototer, 1774.' {Tote continued.) I 