The Irispector-Oeneral of) Polic^jjn^iis ri-jmrt recently laid fefore bbth;Hoifceii of PHrliaraPnt, sn-«;ests several irnprove ?rnpnls whicli, in tits estiniation, it would '??? I* lwn ficwl to ?' adopt. \ Tliere is ode . prr-at Iilnt, however, ii|Wnonr SUtnU; Book' wliicb he entii-elyjoverlobks, and wlii..-h api-«»ra to have* .^scipw! the at t^ntionof legislators and tfcu j'-iililic.:ilik(|. It is no unnsual 'tiling |M nayo.t.pre jmrt in tlie |«6o«-ding8. jof .Iho wveral Police CoiirU tlirn.i»lioiit.tlio ^ Colony; tliat fifrsonR . are liroughjt hefore tli^ ' T-ench ' charged 'V with Imjiing no visil.le raeanH of wipimrt, . and tl.'ey ; are in 'coni Bpqiience sent to one of the gaols of llm colony, - with tlie yiow of. their. Ix-ing' evf-ntnallv forwardwl frora^Iie^ to»n' of tlioI^iievoL-nta-syl'iinmof - ttK$CniMt»y: TIiub, according to the alistract pKncijilp,' a man, wh-- ha.-i bepomo old and poor.i can find hU way to -the Duly asylum, .wh«re he can' end UIh day*,, through thrt jiortaUiof a'«anl orJy.- We havo known' inaUnces of persois wlio have lipcoiiie ?- enf.iA.led from old W, and tfonnr-qiicntly ?malile U- work, aAd who hw§^«en Hrn«t--d-by the i*licp, sis they were, ' leaving the hospital, and at; on«- sent to gaol We wisli it to I* dmtinctly tinder Ktoo.1 that; we do not desire to qw sUon the adrniniHtrative cripaViliti.a ofjlajjig: tratMi, or U- aew-rt that the police are over officious; Ktill 1«* iinfmifing. It is of th°e exinU- nce of such a law tJiat we coiri ? plain, not of the manner in which it is . carnal out. The adniinixtiaU^jif the 'law have but to do their dnly-in; apply ing it, and we find there -'- in no alUrr VaUve but the one' which has BU^'.-a.Ufd the writing of this article, .'particularly (.8 thU litunano and d-.Iicate piece, of Illation »W. i-«.ili-r- ^.Queensland, b»t »\w that it pnivails in -«w- Spntli Wall* iC=not in oilier of tho/Aiistnlliiui dep.-ndei.ci.-a. .An insUuice came iinder oBf«olic^a short time »«o, which will -£*,-; to illimtrate oiir.rataiiiii'Si .' « -»*-*- '80 years-old; died in one of tlielgiuJiMM New South Wales. He haff U-i-n neri tf-r.ce'l to one month'n imprisonment for having'no visiMc ?»'''* of «tipport, and \ at the expiation of hia sentorio! li« waa . «/) be sent to' the* Unevolent asylum. He iKjcarrit/howevftr/in bucIi An eimicia ?tfcd-and .-xhauslcd HUte that Jie could not be removed, and ho remained in the ? priori h4|.itaj ''til ,$-«»?-] M 4-»«-- The kind attention of tho visiting surgeon. '? «nd the officer of thai «p»l i» proverbu, 1. The w,r old mwO-«»\i pnoandfri.nd II in Ae coiXy, .-Hbo.,Rl. he had tnown l-'tU-r days, -Hnd hud once beim flour.,! and ,-«.«? »«I »*.-«?»''??- «?»f X \- Of hi. nnU-^lenU. nothinK ln.i.H,,ir« I at I t|,« ««,..n-v. ? ltmatU^lnotlmiKU. h« ^..r ol!l man und.^ what nendlysUHer i hi«h.Ht breath expired, and p.^h»P,tj'^ i is no place open to tl-e h.ck ai|d -(lesti- i «tewUl««uia havc.ece.ved .nog genuine kindness ; nlill-obr ..conUiitiw -«. i that it no \e«« discredit* the WWly. ; an.l the bouHU-d advai.cMl 'civiJizatwn^r i the tiqiM, that .here in no '°fl^cle '^ I the HKed-8ick and poor otlH.-r tliaii i Itie r'cMiiinon (jaoiu of the. country ..; , that l», '??' that ihew |«ior worn-out creatures must i fimt Income ci iminal in theeyes of the In* i. _ niiist bo ' charged '? and ' hCiilttuct d, ?!.-?- :'' ' ? .- :- ' '!'. ' ? i = ... ' ? . . ;: .' !?? ' ? ;. ..'Vpfpro they can find any shelter in' which to die, for in. most such cases, hronght (Worn tho nul-lic, there is no disease or, sickness, l-ut. simply the -iTieiilinp of -the clay, from extreme old age^ — the shock of whe.it fiiUy :ri|«ne-l and ' garnered in. It seems very mournful that such a state of things can ho allowed to exist' in the 'ninetfenth centiui-y, in a civilisol com munity, and ima country which boasta of tis. Christian institntions. '?? Tliere must lie something very iwi-ong. 'A law that can so '. lacerate the j feelings and pain the hoai-t, should demand inVt-int attention,' with a' view to , mitigating its hardship, more ps|iecially as it is within the bounds nf po.«sibility, that any one, however affluent his- present circiijrnstHnces, may V-ne\day become subject' to its tender merci^ Who jis thero who is not liable, at any jnomentjtp be -plunged, from the hi«hes/i-iin-. 1-^of wesilthand honour, to the very lowest depths of degradation anil pqver.lyl , '-We .have- not to search the records of history in proof of this, becansff the circle of almost every man's exprainnce will furnish him with in stances . which, aliundantly prove the position. We are by no means im bued with.feelings' of .mawkish sentimen talitv. We are aware that theie are large numbers who will. not work so long as they can be maintained without it, as also that it is unfair to tax tho careful ?and thrifty for thejbenefit of the lazy and improvident, still k High Authority has said there shall always be the poor among us, and the principlo'is one which should not only be recognised, but which should demand admiration, and obedience. There is a class of people in Queensland, as also.iri the other Australian 'colonies, which 'will increase temporarily as the 'old hands' die off, and these must be pro vided for. The population, too, that is ?being added totho colony by immigra Ition should, be carefully selected by the' |Agent-Gpneral, with a view to this snb ject. Tliere can and ought to be no objection to a poor immigrant, simply because ho is poor, but to import the useless of any other country, ia only to increase the already great burdens of this. There aro thousands of men in the colonies who arrive in indigent circum stances, who have, by their indpmitahle perseverance and unflagging energy, rained themselves to a position iti the social scale, which they nobly deserve and gracefully adorn. By their industry they jha'vn added to the wealth of their allotted country, as well as enriched themselves, and they deserve all the more honour, at the hands of their fellow colonists. Still it must be remembered that many were poor in the old world, aiid continue to Vo bo in this, and for tlie saino reason. They are too lnr.v to work, and. they must always bea burden, first u|-on individuals, and at lust upon ?I lie community. It is not, therefore, desirable to increase our panpur popula tion. The industripim man, though poor, is an-, acquisition to our shores, but the refuse of large cities form a class of people who shooed be shut out from among us by all lngrfnl means; becarisa they will take from, rut her than add to, the general welfare of the colony. Still in dealing with the instances we have there is Btirely much room for improvement. No man, however poor lie may bo, should bo on that account alone, branded oh the re cjotxls of his country as a criminal. Many a o'nij Incomes utterly do|*ndent u]ion hia fellowH for assistance, and indeed stib sistimce, from circumstances over which he lias no possible control,- and it ia hard, very hanlrfo'r a man to have outlived his friends and connections— to have seen his cbnte.mporariea, pass over to tho 'great majority ' one by one, and to be himself leftjfriendless and alone, destitute of the cominon necessaries of exixtanco, with no one but utter strangers to perform for him', the last sad offices of humanity, and know that he,can'only look forward to the termination of a wearied life through the portals of the police. office and the coin non gaol. Such a thought roust add the iast drop of bitterness' to his hither (/-' full cup of misery, and canse it to overflow. We trust the necessary altera tions Vi' soon be made to ameliorate this cnid law. We have drawn attention to the painful anomaly, leaving it for those whose duty it is to find a suitable and speedy remedy. \- It would appear, to be very, strange that the Colonial Treasurer in his proposed alteration! in the! tariff abould-hsvo selected colonial rum :«» tbefonly spirit upon which the duty is to bo -»is«d! Tho«o who are at present engage |n. ita manufacture hove invested largo suras in Lite porchaae of tbr necessary plants, in the belief and expectation that no alteration would bo made, and aj it is now proposed to sweep awar th': protection that has hitherto existed, .erioaa lass will doubtless ensue. It may bo argued that the industry should now be nuito strong enough to en»t without boiog fo«t«i«(J by theadranlago of 3s. 4d. par gallon whicX^now poisesMsorerthaimported article, hut it'«hi.uld bo remombored that most of the (lislill'eri» hara recently sprung into elisUince ; that all trio appliances for them have lately been piirclm»«l at great eost, and that connf. ouentlyi thn su-ld«n and unexpected ehaoge msr bu looked U|)on nlmost a. a breach of faith on the part of the aorornment. If, in .lea-lof r»iiinBthe duty on rum by over 83 ™'-r cent., Mr. Mcllwwith bad advanced tint on other spirit*, the rerenne would have been increatrd to a much more appreciable extent, and a co!oni»l industry which promised to be oorno important wouW Imre continued to re ceive tile «ncourBi(eraent. it desero*. The ?nriaeiit il- ?another iuetanca-of the eril policy of discolinigeing local manufactures, and of orlroe-itit.g the lending money out of tho colony for what lean be made here, and the production of which iirorides employment for many hands. UumAessentiblly the poor man's drmk, and th. ,W.sad duty will be feU.most ofal by the working classes ( besides, a» . It has -boon .UL-afnianiers wlio bare no sUlls, thereby helping th« crowing indu.fry, by the large employment of labour. Icreatad -by the distilleries themselves. MbisMJ Ouinlan, Or»y and Company, of Bris bane h.vB t..kco Iho inilUtire in laying th» m.ttor before the Coloi.i.1 Treasurer, and all those whoiare similarly inlewsUd should Io« 'iio tiuia in following their example. Wb -:rei happy to learn that ?nother Im nortont advance lias been m«do in the JJ/irbour construetian.at FUt-lop for the port of M»c ..V - It li»« been known that Mr. 8t«n ev, of iHe'n»rbours and Riffrs Department, h=s for »ary eurveys, taking' eoundings, ic, at that place. Hchas now completed his important work, and has left for the south. Mr. Stanley Inform.-d us that tha place is admirably suited for a harbour. The access to it will bo oaay, the anchorage pxrpedingly good, with ample depth of water. He said tho construction of tho necessary works will hot necessitate the ~thcieis plenty of stona dfa suitable .quality ready for quarrying at Flat-topi The neit step will be the preparation of specifications, thi-n tho tendon will bo called for, and soon after there wiM bo heard the 'joyful noise' of the workroon p hammers. We can only ex press the'hope that matters are fairly in train for commencing and carrying on tho works to completion, and that the subject -will be kept wpll before the Government by oar member foVJhe district. There has been already far too vmuoh delay, and anything like circumlo cution. or red- tapo, would add present cruelty to formor injustice. We notice with pleasure tho arrival in Mac kay. by the Elamang from tho South, nf Mr. T. H. Fitzgerald, ona of the earliest pioueere of this district and at ono time largely Interes ted Jn tho sugar industry herb. The Annual Report of the Engineer of Roads for the year ended 31st December, 1879, was re cci»&Ijby;_tBe last pott If wo are to judge ofthe importanc?uif the repbr* to tho other parta of the colony, which aro referred to and particu larised, and by tho interest that most bo fell by residonta in this district, we should say that the interest and the importance wonldi.be about »ii Of the Mackay district tho ropprt. says ' During the early part of tha year the Pilot Station Road was raised and protected from tidal influence, and habded over to the Corporation of Mackay: Repairs wen also made to the Nebo, Branscombe, and Now Bowen Roads. At the doio of the year, slight repairs were also made to the Hirer Bank Road.' So much for Mackay. As to the other districts, lot us hope there is more to bo seen for tho money expended. The Klot Station Road -is a disgrace to engineering skill, is totally impassible, and will prove a ' White Elephant ' to 'the Corporation. The Nebo and other _ roads are exercising the minds of Aldermen and others, on account of their wretched state, and driving thorn into a perfect - fever as to the means ofpntting them into de cent repair. If we are to judge' of other dis tricts by our own, wo should say tho Roads Department appears to be well up id tho art of knowing '* how not to do it.' O.v Sunday Mr. J. A South, of tho Dillon South Dramatio Company, sustained a severe shaking, arising from a! fall from hiB horse. Mr. Sou$h, in company! with a number of gentlemen rodo along the beach for a distance of c'ght or tea miles, when as he w&a; mount ing to retnrn, his horse shied, , and he was thrown heavily upon a heap of stones. It was thought at first that Mr. South'* - arm was broken, but on examination it was discovered that he had happily escaped with several very severe braises. j . , . We observe by advertisement that the fine draught entire ' King of the King ' will travel the district in charge of Mr. J. Lake,' com mencing on the 1st September. Orm reviewer reports that if any individual should breathe a word in disparagement of the sugar that is being made at Tc Eowai this year: he is in s position to give snch a foal asper sion the flattest denial. He , has received a bag: for review nnd finds it to bo most excellent.. ]?or jam making purposes- it is really too good,i reminding him, as it docs, of tho flnett crushed: loaf that spinsters lovo so mnch to have at their &tle; tea parties in England. The won-' dor to i^jm^ whether the othor plantations are making so good an article. Ho is told they are, but. he cannot know it. ' Experientia docet' it is said, and experience does it in h» case. He wants to be ce'rtain from experience. He thinks too that the To Kowai sugar for sweetening a night cap of rum toddy on cold nights would be excellent but alas ! althongh ho happily possesses the sngar, ho lacks the rum. Pleystowe has long had a reputation for grand rum, -and Alexandra, it is said, is advancing rapidly to as great a degree of excellence. Each plantation has its partisans ; our reviewer says he could moke sufficient leisure to re view some of each, and ho would give a con scientious opinion as to their relative merits. Ho mightnot be able to make up his mind on the first consignment', but hg will guarantee to do so on the second. Now. that Mr. Hell wraith has determined upoa 'the rise in duty, he is of opinion that the best thing to da will be to rush to tho vaults, and drink it all up, and so disappoint the greedy treasurer. . * Tnr Dillon-South Dramatlcbompany brought their short season to a cloje in Mackay on Saturday evening, with Hamlet, Prince, of Denmark. Wo were pleased to neo so good an attendance of the polfiic, as Shakrapoar's acknowledged masterpiece is seldom represen ted away from the metropolitan boards. Read ing* from tho great-play are sometimes given hyfnasftr.actora, hut it is very seldom that tho whqlo tragofy uglveniin Its entirety in country towns/ however large. . To say that Mr. Dijlon M Hamlet and Miss Pender as Ophelia excelled In the cha racters they ^presented would, bo to accord small praise. \ From the rUe to tho fall of the curtain their acting was one continued success, and tha Urge audience retired highly delighted with their evening's entertainment. In the play of 'Hamlet' there is muoh diversity of oplniou^jis to the intentions of the antbor, and some customs or rather tra ditions of tho stage have beea called to our mind. It is a strange thing that Polonias who . represents an ' old man ? who, .by;- the * very worse reading of\ the character is rather talkative, should always bo handed over to tho comic member, ilis is a very shrewd character weakenedUiy ago, his only fault being that he fancies bo still possesses ?that clearness of vision to deal, with surround ing oventa which ho possessed in his youth. It has also been a custom fonthe Erst grave diggor to Uko o2 six or sovea/wai«too»ts pro-, paratory to beginning digging. This is rtill practised on somu stages, But wo were very (?lad to sea the Insensate custom abandoned on Saturday evening. ' Look here, upon this picture and on this.' There is no lino of Hamlet that. has attracted more attention than this. Iiy some, as Macready. two full sized portraits, one of Claudius and the othor of ' Buried Denmark ' won painted on tho panels when Rouble played, a balf-length portrait of dead HamleUwaa bung on the wall, and Gertrude bore flftt of Claudius on hor bracelet. Tho originat\plan was for Hamlet to produoa two medallions from bis pockot ; but for offootivo acting the plan adopted by Mr. Irving and (whether by accident or design) Mr. Dillon's ia far the best; tbst of supposing tha figures or rather by a word picture producing them in tbs mind's oye, thereby enabling tha player to face tho audience. It was long a onstom for the actors on the entrance of tba ghost in this scene to throw down tha choir on which ha was seated, and Oarrick had' a ohair mada pur posely to be essily kicked down. Th* cos tume worn now for Hamlet is different from that originally worn (a court suit), but this seems strange that on -a cold night Hamlet appears in blank silk stookings and although complaining of cold should cast off bis hat and mantle on tho appearauce of tho ghost With regard to tho presentation of this wonderful tragedy on Saturday evening, we cannot speak too hiubly. Mr. Dillon acts tho charaoter to perfection, exhibiting that- irresolutoncis .of character which distinguishes , Hamlet who always intends to do something (as for Instance with regsrd to committing suioide), and then reasons binuolf oat of It, and it is only whan goaded to madness by bis approaching death that ho does anything at ail. ; Miss Edith I'endor represented Ophelia as a gentla affec tionate creature drawn in and sucked down by the whirlpool of tragio events which 'sur- round her. Her wonderful talent was dis- j . ? ' ' I ? ? ' : ? played in the mad scene which wasJacted in such a manner as to stir the sternest hearts' to pity for poor Ophelia, Mr. South as Polnnias and First Gravodiggcr was what he always is, very good. .Mr. W. Seagrave displayed wonderful powers of elocution in the address of the Ghost to Hamlet, a moat difficult speech from tbe necessary immobility of the features. As King bo played tbe conscience stricken villian very well. Mr. C. Seagrave mods a very good Horatias. The other, characters were well filled up. Tha talented company left Mookay for tho North on Monday.- They ,are to play a short season at Townsvaie and Charters Towers, then' they will return to Brisbane, via Mackay, when they propose to giro a, season of five or six nights. We shall l« glad to see them. /\ A match was arranged to take place on the TownsviUe course yostorday between Ado and Talleyrand for £100. On Saturday, however, Mr. Roid^the owner. of Ace, received a tele gram from the owner of Talleyrand, declaring a forfeit of the preliminary stakes, so that the match did not como off. Ace has proved himself to bo a grand bone, and we aro the more lorry the eTont foil through, as wo should have had to score another win for one of the chief Mackay favourites. ;; Os Wednesday tho Hon'. W. H. Walsh and a number of other M. li. Cs put themselves fnto an agony because it was proposed to print the reports i of the proceedings of, tho legis lative Assembly in Barnard before thoso ai the Legislative Council, as if the public could i core one single straw, about the matter, or whether they were published at all. When honourable members suggest tho idea of getting a 'cross cut saw and a pick axe to get at tho brains of honourable members ' on tho other side of tbe house, we should imagine that after both deli cate instruments had been used on tofh sides, no brains would be found. ? The Council after somo discussion on tho subject,' very ' appro priately addressed themsolves to the next business on the paper. It was tho Insanity BilL \ ??'??'!? Executios-.— Tho aboriginal Johnny Camp boll— who was found guilty of a capital offence upon a young girl, and sentenced to death at the bit Ipswich assizes — suffered the last penalty of the law this morning in the Bris bane Gaol The condemned man has felt his position keenly since his condemnation; and this morning he showed strong emotion when his hour arrived. He was attended in his but moments by the Rev^J. K. Black, who has been unremitting in his^ attentions to tbe oouvict ever since his condemnation. On the drop falling death appeared to be almost in atantaueqns. There was anianuBually large namber. of witnesses »t #je Jferemonial. This makes too fifth execution/ that has taken place within the gaol thtt year. ' The first, which took place on .* March : 22nd, was that of Joseph Wells, sentenced to death at Toowoomba, for robbery, under arras; tho second that or James Ellsdale, convisted at tho Rockbampton assizes at/murder, and ex ecuted on May 31st; ne third oxecntidn took place on the same-day, namely — that of a Chiuamon named Jemmy Ah Sue, who was also convicted at Rockbampton of murder. Next in order was Gometz, alia* Pedro, found guilty of murder at Coaktowu, and banged oin June 21st, and tha aboriginal Campbellcom pletes tha list.. If the gaol aathoritios havs nut, in consoc^aenco of the removal of a large number of prisoners to St. Helena, got quiti so much to do as formerly, it Is certain they have a full share of* the most unpleasant duty that they have to perform. It mast, - in justice, be said that this duty has been always tilled with all duo consideration for the feelings of the condemned, and the convenience! of those who, are unhappily called upon to wit ness tho elocution of tha lost penalty of tha law. — TtUgraph, August 16. ':? A teleoram dated Sydney,' Aaghst 18th,; states : — With reference to the gold robbery! on the steamer Victoria, Captain Lake is edn-- fident that the box was not tampered with on^ board. The seals of all tbe boxes wera ex-! amined when they were shipped, and the gold 'atonaeplacediathosafe. The keys were handed to Captain Lake, and never left his possession daring the voyage. It is believed that the box containing paper was by somo moans sub stituted for one containing gold. At Newcastle, on the 16th inst, Mrs. Ann Hunter, proprietress of the Royal Hotel, Lombton, was found drowned in a tank yester day morning. She retired to bod on Saturday night with hor daughter, and was missed ; next morning. No reason can be givop why she got into the tank, but it is supposodTbAe ;a case of suicide. \ ' Thr Warwick Siamtxr if Hour of {be 18th Inst. reports : — The weather continues very dry, and much anxiety is felt both for iorops and yoang stock. The late wheat should now be some inches above the ground, but in many places It has hardly shown itself. Lamb ing is now going on on most of the stations, but there is no nutritions yoang grass for the young stook, and fosrs are entertained that the severe frosty nights and absence of Bait able feed will cause heavy losses. Bash fires have boon of daily occarrence in all parts of tho surroanding neighbourhood. These, in the abseuoe of rain, havo done more injury than good. In many instances the fires have been caused by sheer carelessness in throwing -down lighted . matches, » practice which is most dongerons at this season of the year; bat in others wilful destruction has been the' caaso. . .. . Sm Garicet Wolsxi£Y was recently a guest at a dinner of the snbsoribcn to the Newspaper Press Fund, given in London. ' In the course of his remarks he said he had the privilege of serving in tha first campaign — that in the Crimea- — in which Press represen tatives were admitted, and ha went on to speak in the strongest manner of the bone* ficisl influence exeroisod by tba Press, upon the Army. ' To the Press generally tho British Army looks' with tba greatest anxiety and tho greatest interest, for tha rising man of the Army feel that it Is only tba power of the Press which can bring useful light- to bear upon tha dark parti of oar military system, which they believa not to bo in unison with tbe spirit of the ago or with modern military soionco. Von olona have sufficient power to enablo ns to correct and reform wbat we be lieve to be wrong, and to remove from the path of progress those great boaldors of pro* udloo and superstition which now impede th'o way. You alone can enable us to pat new wheels to tha military coach, which by it* creaking tells ns of it* present dangoroas con dition, and. which Is only with difficulty main tained in' an upright position at all.' A curious and interesting comparison has been made by Mr. A. E. Mar,' M.K., and published in the mining report of 1879 for New South Wales, nf the gold product* of tho great goldneld* of the modern world. Com mencing with Japan, it is statod that tha greatest period of its prosperity a* a gold producer was from 1680 to 1639, a term of sixty yesrs, and the yield was estimated to bo worth iHO.000,000. BracU is put down for the years -1710 to 1789 (eighty years), for a product nf £180.000,000; Russia, fronts 1840 to 1878 (tblrty-nlna years),- for £160,000,000 1 California, . 1848 to 1878 (thirtv-one yoars), for £220,000,000 ; whilst Auitralia, with tho lowest number of years, from 1851 to 1878 (or twonty-olght years), tho gold yield Is valued at £240,000,000. Tha utimata for Australia is oonsldarad by tha Minister for Mines as much halo* tho mark, bat it novortholess shows that Australia has already exceeded the return* of any known goldtiold of modem times. * Eabtuqdake niar Warwick. — On Wed nesday morniug about 0 o'oloak (says tha Argut) ona of tha most remarkablo anil for midable pbsnomsna of nature, an earthqaako, wo* folk In tbls distriot Tho' shook appears to have been most kaanly felt by tha inhabi tants in the vlplnlty of tba Bald Mountain, and Tannall, whore tho most somnolent were aroused from' their slumber*, aud were under a momentary impression that thera was a large fire surrounding thorn, ou account of too T : ' ? ' ' 'peculiarly red glare wjhich slowly follower the shock. I We hear of Bome people who were positively 'intimidated by the belief that MothorShipton's. prediction was about to be verified. The movement ot^ tho earth was in a few seconds succeeded by one of the most terrific explosions ever beard. As soon as daylight set: in, affrighted neighbours sought each other in order to exchange, opinions as to the alarming occarrence of the morniug. The Observer of the 19th inst Bays:— Mr. Amhnrst yesterday asked tht Colonial Secre tary :— 'Will he inform the Housewhy Mr. !A.-T. Boll, of Mackay. was loft off the Com mission of the Peace for this year? 2. If not, was it done [for any political reason whatso ever 1' TholColonial Secretary replied— '1. .It is not customary to give the information re quired.- 2. No.' ;.' With regard to the'mortality of South Sea islanders on tha plantations of Messrs. Robert Cran and Company, of Yongarie, Maryborough, a petitiotl has been presented to the Legisla tive Assembly by that firm denying in toto the allegations contained In the report of Dra. Thompson an'dTVray. The petition shows,; 'That a report of a Commission has been laid on tho Table of your Honourable House, which states that the excossive mortality among tho South Sea Islanders of Yengarie, Yerra Yerra, and Illawarra, tbe sugar plantations of Messrs. B. Cran and Company, is owing to poor feeding, bad water, overwork, and tbe ab sence of proper care when sick. That said report has been published in the newspapers. That these grave charges have resulted from the observations of the Commission, of Drs. Thompson and | Wray, rearing a flying visit to the above plantations. That no precautions were taken by | the aatlfors of the report to enBare the trustworthiness of the statement* which may havo -been made to thorn. That, tho so-called inquiry was of a moat .hurried and partial character. That your petitioner denies most earnestly the statements upon which said report Is founded. That, said re port has caused great pain and distress to yanr petitioner,! and that, yonr petitioner has been thfi£|by Held up to pabhc caatempt. That yoor petitioner will be serionsly injured in his business if the said report be accepted as correct. That yonr petitioner positively denies the truth of tbe several allegations, ' and begs that yonr Honourable HouBe will do him justice by appointing an impartial and unbiassed Commission to inquire fully into the whole matter. That your petitioner is so con vinced that the charges will be thoroughly disproved by such an inquiry that your peti tioner is content to bear the expense of the Commission. Yonr petitioner hopes that y.bur Honourable Hoase will graat sach means of redress as in its wisdom may deem fit ; and yonr petitioner will ever pray. The announcement that a second sugar refinery la about to be. established In the colony will afford much gratification to t&ose; who vlow favonrably the prospect of Queens land', .becoming j a- larger sugar-producing count?? than shs U at present. We have very igteat pleasure in circulating tha fact that Messrs. B. Cran' and Co. have so far corr.« pleted arrangements for erecting a large sngar mill and refinery at Bundaberg, that tha senior member of the firm . leaves by noxt month's moil for England to procure the necessary machinery. The site chosen is on the bank of the .Burnett river near Mr. Man ohester's sawmills. The plans for the machi nery are now being prepared at Yengarie by Mr. J. W. Strachan, well known in the colony as a talented .engineer and sngar boiler, and Mr. Thomas, the firm's resident engineer, tbe designs, by Mr. Cran himself, embodying all the improvements \ which a lengthy practical experience of the Yengarie process can suggest. The new establishment will, it is anticipated, manufacture about 50 tons sugar daily, and will be ready for work about May, .1882. There is now a large area of land on the Bur nett taken up for cane, and still a larger area lying idle. Now that this enterprising firm have taken the initiatory steps towards' pro- viding for growers a sore and profitable oatlet for their crops, a decided impetus will assur edly be.given'to settlement and caltivation. — . ifaryhorough Chronicle. . :. A Mokbid Appetite tor ExcrrEMBNT in the effect of the anmedicated and adulterated spirits frequently nsed under the impression that they are wholesome Btimnlants. Abandon sach :' . ' burning .fluids ' at once forever. If you : are weak, low spirited, dyspeptic nervous, or suffering from the effects of ex haustion, uso thatjraiutt recuperant of bodily energy, that real stomachio and nerve anodyne, Udolpho Wolte'8 Schiedam Aromatic goHKAira.— £Advt.] ? 