THE SKETCHED UNLUCKY JOE—A DIGGINGS SKETCH. TBy H. J. 0.1 "Ton have often asked me, said my friend J. Jones, Esq, J.P., "how it was I made my fortune so rapidly. Yon know I left England a poor yonng man in 1850, and that for years I did not seem to do aDy good. Well, I don't mind telling yon. I suppose it was conjoined good luck, and good sense to use the luok aright.' 1 have no doubt that accident laid the founda tion of the fortune which you are pleased to term princely. " I arrived in the colony in the beginning of 1851, with but little money, not mueh know ledge, but plenty of spirit. I knocked about Melbourne, getting work when I could, and half starving when no work was to be obtained. 1 remember the firBt excitement caused by find ing gold. It did not come on all at once though. The yellow fever was gradual in its growth, and it was not until Mount Alexander began to send down its riches that the fever reached its height. Then, indeed, there was a furore. Every one thought as they read' the flaming accounts in the Argus that any one could go to the diggings and pick up wealth at will! I didn't catch the fever at first. I was too low in pocket and spirit, but as the fever spread and shopkeepers deserted their businesses, and servants their places, work became plentiful and labor at a premium. I had now no soarcity of employment, and at [high wages; had plenty of money to spend, and did not think fer a moment of going to the diggings. Not but that I was tempted; An old chum of mine—soft-headed, unaccustomed to work, who had often slept with me on the banks of the Yarra when we hadn't money to pay for a bed—worked till he had saved a little money, and then wanted me to go to Mount Alexander with him. I refused, though he tried very hard to get me to go. I was content witb what I was doing. Besides, I did not think he of all others would ever do any good. Judge of my surprise^ however.' One day- about a month after—'twas a Saturday afternoon, and I had given myBelf a half-holiday—a cab drove . up to my door (they UBed to charge a guinea an hour), and out stepped my old companion. He came in, and I found that this good-for nothing softy had positively in time made £1,300. Well, thought I to myself, if this chap can do so well and get money so easily, surely I can. I had caught the fever; and Monday morning found me with my swag upon my back trudging along through the mud and the muck—with hundreds more—the weary road to the diggings. I found, however, that luck did cot always come to the strong, nor fortune follow the deserving. I saw the few pounds I had saved gradually melt away, and no golden nuggets in place of the golden guineas. This lasted for a long time. I tried everywhere, but was always out of luck. Was I laid on to a bit of good ground, the lead turned before entering my claim. Did I mark out next to a golden claim, my property was sure to be a " duffer patch." And soon and so on till I almost believed that it was sufficient for me to put in my pegs to drive the gold away. I have seen the diggers around me getting pounds' weight to the tub and I positively hardly able to make my living. I have left my claim in disgust, and some other digger stepping in working in the' opposite direction has taken out a pile. I don't attempt to explain it; so it was. Persistent ill luck seemed to follow me everywhere, until I was known on all the rushes as " Unlucky Joe." This continued for about two years, until I became broken in spirit, and began to shun my fellow diggers. I now shunned the rushes, confining my labours to those gullies which were thought worked out and deserted, or to prospecting in fresh .ground in gullies where the diggers bad never been. I began to detest the sight of my fellow-creatures; bat, strange to say, did not lose my taste for digging, bat with the per sistency of ft gambler stock to my occupation. I became reckless in my labour. I no longer took notice of the dip of the hiils, as to whether the cleavage of the rooks crossed or ran parallel with the gaily; as to whether the wash was dry or greasy, or as to whether there was any wash at all, bat worked where the inspiration of the moment led me. By and bye I got so tired of my fellows that I shifted my tent some five miles away to a golly that trended to the Lodden. It was a beautiful place, well timbered, splendid hills, and a creek with fine calm water holes from whence when so inclined I often got a meal of black fish. I had no hooks, bat I made one of a needle, and it answered my purpose admirably. Weil, here I lived for some time. I can't say I was miserable, for I had got used to my ill luck. My money, however, was gone, and I had bat a short supply of floor, so I lived at last principally npbn fish and possums and kangaroo rats—the latter the best; indeed, there is nothing I prefer to it even now, sur rounded by luxuries as I am. However, there is a turn in every one's life, and " its a long lane that has no turning." Persistence in almost any course generally achieves its object. At least so it appears in my case. One day I had baked my last flour in a damper, and being out of meat I determined to look for a kangaroo-rat. I strolled over the range, accom ■ panied by my dog, into the next guily. "Dixie" soon started a rat, and an exciting chase com menced. It was a fine animal, and made game efforts to get away. I followed the chase as far as I was able, and then sat down to regain my breath. The rat doubled and turned many times in its efforts to escape, and I could see my dog was getting beat. I therefore jumped np and started to meet them, getting ready my tomahawk to fling at the rat should I get a chance. This chance soon offered, for the rat in taming down to the creek passed within twenty feet of me. I threw my tomahawk, and with such effect that the rat was instantly killed. I proceeded to the spot, and as I picked np the animal a bright speck just under where he had died caught my eye. It was gold. I dropped the rat with a yell. I was almost as frightened as if I had seen a ghost. Tes, there Was the colour. But what was it worth ? I was speedily on- my knees, and with my knife picked ont the "spec," whioh I found to be a nugget of an ounce weight. Ton may depend I set to work with a will; but will you believe it, not another colour could I find on the hill. The rich surface patch' that I thought I had discovered turned out a duffer, and I was comparatively disgusted. I went to the waterbole to quench my thirst, and there in the crevices of the rock I beheld bright shining particles. I tried a dish of the dirt, and obtained a better prospect than I had ever yet. I sat down to reason. How, I thought, if there is gold on the hill and gold in the waterhole, there must be gold between, and perhaps very rich. I at once marked out a prospecting claim, and sank a bole. At four feet I touched bottom but oh, the richness of thejdirt. From the first dishful I washed out two pounds weight. I was overjoyed! Here was a termination to my long run of ill luck! Here was fortune at last! I at once went to my own gully and brought over my tent and tools, and all that belonged to me. You know it does not take much time to pitch a digger's camp. Mice did not take long, depend upon it. When that was done, and I had soqih sapper,'I again set to work, and for some hoars worked away—stripping, so we call it, so that I should have nothing to do next day bat take np the wash dirt and wash it. It is. wonderful how soon news flies. A solitary digger hontiDg for possums crossed the golly after I left igork—saw my workings, and I think mnst have tested the dirt,for shortly after I started work in the morning the golly was alive with diggers. I knew them all. " Un lucky. Joe" was known everywhere, and as they saw me wash tab after tab — none for less than an ounce, and one for eighteen ounces, tbey congratulated me on my change of lack. An enterprising shanty-keeper had brought over a keg of spirits, and amidst much rough joking and congratulations the gully was christened Unlucky Joe's Gully"— unlucky, however, no longer. From this time I could not go astrayt Wherever I set in to work I always got gold, and that in abundance, and, as I was saving, in a few months I had accumulated £5,000. But you want to know how I gathered together all I possess now. Well, it was not by digging—though digging laid the foundation. You have heard that flour was at one time £250 per ton. In the fine weather it could be landed on the diggings at £20, or at least it fell to that, and people imagined it would never be high again. I, however, thought that as the high price ob tained arose not from the increased value of the flour, but from the high ra'e of carting in the .winter, and that, as the roads wonld be as bad again the next winter, if I could lay in a large stock of flour in the summer I should realize something handsome, I acted on these thoughts. I bought a very large iron store. I employed all the teams I could engage, and, having filled my store with flour, quietly waited for the winter. My ideas proved correct. I cleared out the whole of my flour at £80 per ton, end became possessed of a clear capital of £20,000. The greater portion of this I invested in land, which has since trebled in value. I was also lucky in mining again, but in a different manner to the first. One of my old companions in " Unlucky Joe's Gully" met me in Melbourne one day, and in the course of conversation told me that be had discovered a reef from which he hBd obtained promising specimens, but that there was no crushing-mill near to test it. I thought the spec a good one. I went with him to view the ground, and was still better pleased. We then entered into partnership. We marked out and applied for a lease of - twenty acres, of which three-fourths were to be my property on condition that I erected a crushing plant, and he was to manage the works, being a practical man. The scheme was successful. We obtained a great deal of gold. Then we threw the lease into a Company, and I cleared out. I made exactly £95,655 10s. 3d. by that speculation, for I keep a regular debtor and creditor account of the mine. So yon see that, although I was so nnluoky at first, it has ended well, and while it was accident that laid the foundation of my fortune, there was still some method and sense used in the subsequent additions." 