ITx is:.'ot" more -.unfortunat. for Mr Berry thian for :the coloicists of Victoria. that on every occasion upon which he has had the privilege of making a Bud get:speech, he has been- forced to conb .fessa deficiency in the irevenue 'ard to suggest iidditional methods of taxation. No one has been taken by. surprise that .i r.: Berry'has gain. been compelled to resort to fresh niethods of incre-dsing the.Treasury'funds. A, deficiency has not only been known :to exist hbut :.un fortunately to be increasing in -propor tions; therefore, retrenclhment and taxa tiori :ave become to bl looked upon as a necessity.; :: Unfortun tely thed ;Berry Government have not: been happy: in their retrenclhment scheme-tlhey have done the.right thing but iii the wrong manner, having: ;been '-:arial in' their dismissals, and patently stupiid il to give it the mildest term :,possible-in their appointments. That :they should give offenice in tlhe character-. of .the new. taxes they propose :is .only:to boe ex pected, because any shape imposts thike are obinoxious to somidi 'sectioin:'of 'the public, .who, like- Hamlet to the ghost are ever ready riwth the exclamatii.n ''ttakie any 'shapeO.- but that." But' taking advantage ef."Mi:; Berriy' blhn dersas as we are justiiedin doing to point a moral, it is questionlible whether in his -necessities' to -raise 'additional ireveniue he has not; adopted the li ost u'iiobjee-. .tionable course so fair as to items in the tariff are ,,concerned.?; Vee? : much:, is made of the cry of taxing the poor man's: luxuries in the shape? of! :' beer : andi baces, but a;'great "many observant people are of opinion that theiese wou not .beneairly as many poori mene if there .swas very much: less spent in these tibo ;:ixuiries? : The colonial ."poor" 'ian.iv'hoever 'he may be, will deny :hiiiself: ?lhe luxury of doing good" in 'providing for the proverbial rainy day, but he must indulge his proclivities for a pint and a smoke whatever the state of the lauder. It is to be regretted, we think, that Mr. Berry did not follow tilie suit of Now Zealand in this tax and make it"sixpence a gallon. With the proposed import on grains ad frun;ers' produce weentirely disagree. We object to being protected out of existence, and if the claim of the farmer is admitted ithat to enable him to live in the prose cution of industries for which this colony is not so well fitted as our neigh. bours, then so must be the claims of every other class-the hatter, the jeweller, the potteryware man, the sugar manufacturer, et hoc genus omnnie. As the protection tariff increases so in proportion will be the falling off in trade, and consequently in ilia customs revenue, because the purchasing power of the population is thereby reduced. The farmer, while he cries aloud for pro tection to his own industry, whines un der the same policy which imposes upon him the necessity for pying excessive duties, so that the unanufaitturer of inm plemnents may foster a trade in which he could not compete were the tariff upon farming and agRicultural imple-' monts removed or solely imposed for revenue purposes. So long as the far mner has protection, so long have the implement manufacturers a right to , claim the same privilege. It would be wiser if, instead of year by year increas ing the taxes and playing shuttlecock and battledoro. with the civil servants ' both sides of the House could be got to consent to the iappointment of a roya 1 commission to enquire "into and report upon the financial state of the colony, its prospects in the fuiture;: the best method of rnising revenue, the advan tages or disadvantages of our protective policy; and the good or, evil which has resulted,- or - is likely to result, from a continuance of.it, the best method of re organising; the civil service :so that it shall be placed on a permanent footing -and generally to discuss and determine our course of procedure in the future. Several conimissioners were appointed by the New Zealand Government to thit end last' sesioin with' very excel lent results. Much that was not gene rsilly known about its civil service and finances .was .brought to light upon which a course of future action has been based likely to result most bene-. ficuidly to the colony. TI?E proceedings. at the recent meetings of the Social Science Congress certainly deserve more notice than has as yet been:given of them; not that the press failed- to publish as full accounts as might be expected, but we consider that public attention ought to be drawn (hiough other channels to the import iiice of the leading subjects which were so admirably .sat before the Congress., At one of the meetings held last week a number of papers and notes were read, dealing with hospital architecture, venti latian, spread 'of infectious- diseases, school hygiene,; piremtureif iiteioiet and iinsane paying patients, all of which subjects ishold command interest with the. gnoieral' publice.. We wish that we hid space to refer to the instructive elements so forcibly alluded to by thl, readers ind siakes on the occasio: atito tohe- OIn suct tnatt a asare s intimitoly connected with the health, com fodt, and welfare of the community. MIr. L Capelain's notes on ventilation deserve the greatest publicity, especially as the system of curo advanced by him for the bad ventilation of . buildings is inexpensive and ieasy in the modes of application. :There cian be but little 'doubt that mbost of the cases irecorded of ill-health and death are hastened on by. a wait of attentioni to the proper system of ventilating dwelling houses.. Now that the whole matter of State education is being debated.in the: circle of intel ligeht men'in the colony, the subject of school hygiene ought not to be over-. looked..: Whatever: course may. be eventiually pursued with respect to pub lic' education, it must be patent that if the body of the pupil is not kept in a healthy state, the brain cannot possibly be in a fit condition to bear that-strain whicli it .otherwise would easily stand. Dr. Ginders; of New :Zealand,v who read a very interesting paper at the meeting of the Social Science Congress the other day; remarked that "the medical- po fession and the public were fully cognis ant of the. evil influences attendant on school life." . And,'he added, that "in Great Britain and America, notwith standing. the promotion of sanitary schemes, very little had been effected in this. department." We are not at present prepared to combat these state ments,'with' the exception,ihowever, of the one relating to the cognisance by the public of the evil influences attend ant on school life. Of course, ;'D. Ginders, in dealing withthesei finfences, referred not to moral-tiints, but simply to school hygiene; for lie distinctly gave them to be the influence of insuffi cient veintilation, the influencne of plosi tion on the spinal column, the influence on" vision, of insutlicient light, or 'its imnproper distribution. :All schools, the doctor contends; should be regularly in spected by. medical bflicers, of lealtl?. S.We quite agree with -him in. this. 'It may be argued that because no promin °llF elc'd old'uave een'mouguik forwiard, school hlygiene and ventilation are matters not requiring attention at the hands of the authorities. Bu]t,'it must be borne in mind that the specific poisons :Which'. perpetuate sleeping epi demics are kept alive by the conditions cbonmmon to: sclhoolrooms; that 'they always exist somewhere ;and the :his tory of themr?all demonstrates 'alterna tions of ireliose.iand activity, "of preva lence- in: one place .and absence in imotlier of successive invasions of con tigious neighbouirhoods and succeeding immunities._ A noted American mliedi cal writer has de'claied on this sbihject, and it lias not,'we believe, as yet been contradicted, tlhat tlhe specific moibid poisons, the seed, never die. They re main and live on from. generation to generation,- ever susceptible .to enlivcn ing influeices aind liable to transmission fromn place to place, reonewing: strength by thei way, agaiir to become dormant and lie in aisbushl, awaiting .the reti'ii of congenial .conditions for rencwed activity.. Arnother .wriiter on sanitary subjects, Dr. Bell,. editor of the. New York Sahitcrian, hlis stated that the epidemic ;inflitencs or coistitution, wliich somine otlic auth6ors are.?i~osit'to desc'ribe "s' iodlitdio; s ieroedenit to thi activit.of: epidemic diseases, and which ire believed to be periods pro-disposing to the reicev?ing of specific bpoisons, ai e dio i h':nosmall-de"gree to the, previti ing:' cnditionit off sclidoolroons:: As ule?? lie fiither. s'tes," tlielonger: thi period of tiie in: wlhich tidhey lve 'been occupied th?e imore dlepressed the '.itail powers:: of. their: occulpants ,aidd the greiter their -pre- disposition to air poson": Besides, the deptissed stabs of tie system uiin?der isuch condiioins is idt only piro-dispaqin"g to epidemic dise;ifes, but the liability to aiid the .dinig.er of all diseases is thereby intensified.: Ah regards Dr. Gindeirs's statement that ini America (by s;hich lie, of couise,ineans the United States) " notwithsttanding the promotion of sanitary schlemes, very little lihas been effeeted,'" with rispect to school hygiene, we can but conclude that the talented doctor lhas not as yet come across the able reports, embraced i m~sany chapters upon this imporltant sylject in " School Architecture," a work publisiced as fir back as 1875, by Dr. George Hodgins, the .I)puty-minister of Education for the provinceof Ontario. He therein deals most fully with the subject, and proves that the difficulties in school ventilation in the United States have been easilyovrcome. This oflicer has clearly pointed out the things essential in sochool vnitilation, the im portant reasons for sanitary precautions in schoolrooms, the influenuce of the schloolroomn on thle health of chlildren, and t?e effects of school life upon the eyes of school ehildren. Under this latter head we respect?clly call tihe att.ntion of Dr. Giudo.'sto Dri. 4agnew's rules for the cure of eyes, as set forth in the work herebefore referred to. In fuet, we re ourselves awaire of the exist cuce of eoluidi;ous oflicial Lapeis, recognised by the GCovernments of the U iited States and other countries, dealing with school hygiene and veiti lation. There ought to be no two opinions as to ventilation being essential to schoolhooini. Life and health in school principally depends upon plrolpe ventilation. It would appear that the whole scienice of ventilation, as regards ossr State schools, is but little uiledr 's:oanl. Vs hi shuouuhd nsot thinasstuthuitzes iand the public profit by he suggestions officially made elsewheroe, with respect to the ventilation.of school bnildings t It does- siot follows tl;at because our State school buildings: have as yet not been declared faulty, that the subject in question-does not require to be irivesti- I gated with a view to improving the schoolrooms. Then again, we read of certain districts having over-crowdeca schools, and where nature's signals of distress- have been :exhibitdd. in them., Thsiidcessity for ienoiviiig the atmo-' phere in these rooms seems to .be lost sight of a good deal. There also ap pears to be a mischievous eiror prevail ing, that if a room is kept at a low tem posnture, tliertis no heed of ventilation. It is most important that a uniform temperature be observed. "Whilst call ing Dr. Ginders's attention to the ollicial :reports made: in a :country, wherein hlie asserts very little 'has been effected in the matter.of school hygieno, weofeel it a duty:to recognise the spirit which has evidently actuated him to bring the subject: before the Social Science Congress. In contributing a pilper of- such vital' iniportan'e, Dr. Geinders deserves the thanks of the. par ents of the scholars attending .our State schools. ;.Moreover, it also ought, tdo-have tho effect bf Counsing uip the d?tilh`zritties to a scnse of` their duty to tihe general public.';'Dr.: Giridors's: labour has been-ono-of love; let us hope that the labour of the Minister of Education will be onde trictily confined to a thorough: investigation of the ,whole matter. It is his duty, anyhow, to cause the same to be carried out without fear or favou:. companies of the Victorin? l Pilot Service waited upon the Commissioner of Trade and Customs on Thursday, They objected to the proposal recently made to Mr Clark for exempting .the steamers of the P. and O. and the Orient companies from pilotage on entering tihe port of Melbourne, and pointed out that if this were agreed to the pilot ser vice would virtually be abolished. . They also contelided that to safely navigate large steamers thiough the Rip and the channels of: Port Phillip Bay required experience which could only be gained by almost daily obser vation. Statistics were presented to Mir Clark showing that the companies named paid much less for pilotage in Melbourne than in Sydhey. MeIr Clark explained thatthe deputation were labouring under a misapprehension. Messrs Kendall-and Bright' had not' asked for an exemption, front pilotage, but that six .Vic torian pilots might be permanently set apart for the navigation of the steamers of the P. O.afid Orientcompanies. He hlad notconsented to this, but he did think that some alteration would have to be made in the port and pilot age charges if Melbourne was to compete with other Aestralian ports. He suggestedl that the pilot service might be gradually reduced by not issuing fresh licences as vacancies oc. curred from time to time. . nl regard to coal in Williamstown, a dleputation -on- Wednesday applied to the Minister of Mines to allow a diamond drill to be used in the district in' boring for coal. Mr MHurray, geological surveyor, said he did not think there was much chance of finding coal at Williamstown. It was very doubtful even if there were any carboniferous- rocks there., : Mr. Williams remarked that he would like to see the qifestion solved, but at present all.the drills were fully occupied, and be could iot 'say 'when one would be at liberty. ' ' At a meeting of the -Williamstown Bowling Clnb held on Monday evening Oct. 25th., Mr.W. H. Roberts in the chair, the Hon. A. T..Clark ilIL.A. was elected Presi dent for thd Cesuinig year. Messrs .W. I. Roberts and A. Wilson vice-presidents, and Messrs R. G. 'eale, I. Wright, C. Orr, F. Scudds, J. E. Russell, S. Worthington, -A. Hidtle and Captain WV. T. Liley, members of cofimittee. It was'decided that the opening match should take place on Saturdayh ovem bher 13th. in the afternoon, whaen it is antici pated that a large gathering' of members and' their friends, and visitors from the Metro politan Clubs willattend.i (Getlcmen, who: have enrolled should induce their friends to support the newly formed club. A conmmittee meetingofthe William'-' town Rowing- Club was. held on Mond y eves ing last,- whon the followin crews foui oredigig race at the.forthcoming Col?. Regatti to ie ho!d'on Dce. Sth, C. J. Csaro" (stroke), M. Wood, W. Hayeb and A. Fow ler. The crew are now in active traininig, and have every prospect of success. A few months ago a bootmaker, Wil- liam Herbert, a resident of Footscray, pro- ceeded to England in the interests of his wife to endeavor to realise some property which it had been alleged she was entitled to. But little was heard of Herbert's movements un- til the following startling telegram appeared-, in Thursday's Argus :-"London, October 27, A man named William Herbert, a bootmaker by trade, who formerly resided in Melbourne, shot his paramour, Jane Messenger in Fins bury Park, and afterwards attempted to com mit suicide. At the inquest on the woman a verdict of wilful murder was returned against Herbert." The unfortunate wife, who has a large family, and works very in dustriously in the milk trade at Footscray; had occasion to visit the local news agency office on Thursday morning, and was in ex- cellent spirits, which; however, were painfully dispelled when the philan thropic lady in charge of the office gradually broke the dreadful news to her. The names of the prties and places contained in the Argus telegrams are identical with those connected with Herbert's visit to England. Jane Messenger is a sister of Mrs Herbert, at whose place Herbert had taken up his abode. Although Melbourne is mentioned as the Australian home of Herbert, it must be borne in mind that like other news from Englaind the metropolis of Victoria is often credited with much which relates to other parts of the colony. Much sympathy is expressed in Footscray for Mrs. lHerbort, who is a hard working woman and the support of a large family. Before the details of this dreadful affair can reach the colony, no doubt Herbert will have suffered the extreme penalty of the law, unless it should be proved that he was of unsound mind when he committed the murder. :. Colside-rntii th ptesent lo\v eite of inter est 'money can 'beo obtained ;ct the Fostscray Coancil ait their lat iimeetitig,dc termined to write:to the bank they now do blisiness with, antihsk.ichether the interest on the. money adv.nced on Lynch's bridge accdunt; c'dodld niot lhe made lower tlian tenu per cent, if a reply to 'the nuegative isi rcccivcd, tCe Council,intend to apply to.the other I??eal baink, and ascertain 'whletiheor they are carrying out the same high rate in money advanced to other local bodies The audit of tacco?nut for the Fobts: cray.district have bren completed by the Go vernmeont and local auditors appointeld. Everything has beo found very satisfactory and in apple pie order, as is nsual with Mr Youell, town clerk. The statements wrill be laid before the anutal municipal' conecil nest month. The amount of andliting on tie pre sent occasion hals blecn £6 15t less than paid last year, thus sheolving much saving. The gnats tlhat I-rve been enjoyineg the fruits of tihe trees pluantel in the iailway ain:l other reserves at Footscray, are shortly to lave their career cut short. On Wednels day evenitg thie gardener of the borough som plaiced that it was impossible for hIim to exterminate the billys anuti nannies without tihe use of a double barrel gne: Thiere were volenteer councillors from each wcar.l sitting at thie tCble, who offeredl thie so of tiheir lirearms fortlhwith, and this being accepted, it is tihe intentiot to shoot all stragglers. Ladies wieo Icave to see your pets decstroyiog the reserves ani gardens tlht have large sunct of money laid out lupi t!lemt, take this warn ing, or they will soon be no more. It is notr at ell improbable that ice a short time thie to!ls in the Footscray anl B, ay. brqak disticsts tuty a'gain be placed o- tihe roads, thoughi perhaps in a very different modee of colleatitut. A.t th.e l-t Council eltlct ing of Footscray, from a sirtelnr rceived - irging tile necessity of tolls3 for the proper maiutenance of roadc, thie GJcnecil uiani mously agreed to ak tle ntembersl of parlicnieut for the district interested, to urgo ando do all possible for tihe re instatet:ent of tolls, as the l:st iununuor to keep tlhe roads in proper order. It w;as mooted that L 4 penny tax for light rvehiclta each wany passiig throtgh w-as likoly to be a gool mteaeer of clletctin, ani1 t hatl a tnen he emplhyec-lby the Council to do same, with out letting by contract,so tlhat :, pirolit wouhlc be mace by the licenseeo. Hiowever thl e mat ter was- left in ubiyave till sebtme detinito step eet lseen tatken, IN our special atdvertising columns will he found an advertisement from theo tradoamen,nshopkeeper5 and others of Wil-. t liamstowe, notifyingarrangenients for closing during the holidays, to which wo. direct I attention.. By an omission in our report of theo gentlemen who attended the deputation from i WVilliamstown last week, Mr Councillor Douch did not appear. That gentleman was present at all the interviews, and afterwards proceeded to Fitzroy, for the purpose of .in vestigating the cost of a watercart for our borough. In the Supreme Court, on Thursday, the 21st inst., an appeal against the decision of MIr Noel, the judge of the Insolvency Court, Melbourne, refusing a certificate of discharge to the "insolvents, James Patrick and- Francis 1'Intyro, of Braybrook, was heard. Dr Dobson appeared for the insol vents. A preliminary objectlin was taken by Mr Lawes that the case could not be heard.. The decision was given on the 10th September. The insolvents gave notice of appeal on the 2ith September, and according to the rules of Court made under the Insol vency Statute, the appeal should have been set down for heariug.at the next sitting of this court; but nothing at all was done till the 1Gth October, when the case was set down, and it .was submitted that it was too late. In reply itwas urged by Dr Dobson that the matter was one within the discretion of the judge, and was not a question of jurisdic tion. The appellants explained that they had not been aloe to proceed with the case owing to the want of funds.- - His Honour said.tihatthe appellants hail done nothing till the 16th .October, and their excuse was. poverty. That excuse could pretty unifbrmly be given in these cases. The act prescribed that the appeal elould be heard in a certain time, and the appellant ought to do some thing.. It was important that these cases should not be' allowed to hang over. The no'ice seemed to have been given to the re spondent, otherwise thi case might have been different. As it was, he thought the prelim. inary objection a good one, and lie would not hear the case. A statement was presented to the As O~s `:yn- OOu.tih ay, itsowiigthq amounts.es-. timated - as the expieudiltore oi the Cuatonms department for the years ISSO-SL Iy Mr Cuthbert 'and also by Mr Clarke, with the amount of saving effected by the latter fur tile remainder of the year, with probable saviogs for the year 1S1-S2. The net savings for the year. ISSO SL amount to £5037 6s. SI. ; andl for -thd year lSSl-82, 1S,212 10. 4d. The former amount would be £16,514, but there has to, be deducted from this £11.476 lOs. 4d. for conipensation and pension. The compen sation being £0168 14s. 5d. ; and thepensions, £2307 15s. 11id. - SA very pleasauntevening was spent at the Wesleyan School-room on Tuesday even ing last. The occasion was by invitation from th mniembers of thile Mutual Improvement Society to the congregation and their friends to spend' anhour in jumlging how they had, during tho past twelve months, advanced to elementary and vocal achievements. There was a very good attendance, the president of the society occupied the chair.. -Duringtihe evening in a slihort address hie pointed out the many advantages to be gained by young men meeting together weekly, and discussing the various minatters engagieg moral and social ad vancoment. . A" numnler of solos, duets andt recitations were well rendered. It would not be just to criticise any one given, but it may be safely said, that several of the mem bers who contributed to the enjoyment have greatly improved since their first appearance before an audience. The ladies, who presided at the piano, came for a great share of ovation. Bouquets were in abundance, and all s ero gratified. It would be well, if these enter-. tainmiot.' were given half-yearly instead of anenitally.- `. We Vonnderstand thilt a str-i.u wauthl will be kept by the police on all boys dis chargin flire works within the borough, on the 5thS Norember, or indeed any other day. Parents would do well to take the hinit from this paragraph. Evidently Cr Smith at Footecray does not consider ihe chairs the Councillors repose upon at' their fortnightly meetings suitable, and not t, have a carpet for their weary feet is something shocking. Oa Wednesday last, lie moved iin a formal manner, that two adili tional casters should be ph1iced on each coun cillr's chairs, and an elegant carpet pur chased. It would be much more conducive to the comfort of themselves, said the worthy ' councillor. Howover the motion did not " lind a seconder, and altogether caused snome amunsement. OCr Campbellnsuggested that his Snother should try the experiiment on his own chair first, while Cr Dallawsýy very sensibly remarked that the money would be far better. laid out in ashes oei making footpaths where -necessary. 'Altoatliter the Councillors took laughed olff.the table. Last eveniig the Yarit ille 'Sugar Relinery Drum and Fife Band held their an nual concert and ball at the Royal Hall, Footscray. Considering the object was in `aid of "the funds of the band, wlich has-- improved so- much -since its for mation, and was under the patronage of the mayor and councillors of the borough, a large attendance assembled. In the doncert part Cr Campbell occupied the chair in his usual pleasing manrner. Everything passed off satisfactory, and after the hall had been cleared, the light fantastic commenced and was engaged' in right merrily till the early hours of morn.' ' An entertainment in old of the bitilding fund of tle Mechanics' Institute is announced for Wednesday next, the 3rd November, which promises to be both inter esting, amuninv, and instructive, and will lie conducted- under the management of Mrs Hamilton. Attention is directed to the adver tisement of the Williamstown Amateur Dra. matie Club by which the secretary requests that all tickets in connection with the first performnance may he settled for at once. 'Amiy accounts against the Club are requested to be sent in immediately, and membemrs are remind that the hirat quaorters. subscription is now overdue. : Foreigni visitors to the gireit Exhibli tion oight to lbe reminded that there are many sights worth seeing in the suburbs of Melbourne as well as in the capital itself. For instance in \Villiamatown-the superb graving dock- the railway workshops, and "last, not-least" the hIcantiful and plentiful supply of fuinituro inKrakowski's, inThomp son-street.-Arsv'. 