— — — — — — — THE STORY-TELLER THE GAR-WOLF. A ROMANCE OF BRITTANY. We all have had our childish shudderings over stories of the 4 Gar-Gare, or Were Wolf,' that grim ghost of bosky fastnesses of Norway, of Hungary, the Black Forest, and even of fhe plains of France ; that uncanny thing ' — ioi neither man nor beast was ne — tnat spent half his time as an honest gentleman should, the other half in roaming the t igh woods, and anon assisting, as the common people believed, in a meeting of chosen demons. Daring Sir Walter Scott's time the belief in the existence of the 4 Gar-wolf ' or Bis- claveret,' still remained in Brittany ; and a contemporary of Sir Walter Scott writes : 4 i he Bretons still suppose that certain men deck themselves in the skins of wolves, some times even assuming their forms, to frequent nightly gatherings over which Old Nick ' himself presides.' One can well imagine how numberless were the tales of Bisclaveretinthedaysof chivalry, when the red deer wandered free over the breadth of Normandy, the boar made his lair in the woods of Versailles, and wolves bayed the moon at the gates of the scattered castles of petty -.kings in ancient Armorica. . . Bat it is scarcely so easy to imagioe them not a century ago, when the wild woods of France were no more ; when plough-land and vineyard had taken the place of oak and chestnut groves, and when the very occasion of a wolf coming down into the Dordogne would muster out more men from a single village than could a whole kingdom of cbivalric time. At the present time the superstition has died out. Nevertheless one Bisclaveret story still hovers round the winter fireside of Brit tany — by which vieux bonpapa in his great armchair — the centre of a semicircle of well- filled stools and wooded settlers — doles out, amid the puffs of the brier pipe, the fol lowing : You well know, my children, the high road leading from Poitivy to Guingamp ; how, after leaving the village of Gorlay, it winds up the Oetes-du-Nord through wooded glens and steep defiles to the head waters of the River Vilame. # At about two miles from the summit there are the rums of a little chaumiere, long since deserted, but in my young days inhabited by one 4 Yvon Cardoe.' Very little was known of his history ; he had come, he said, from Finiaterre, and j was a carpenter and blacksmith by trade. "But as he was a bon garcon, paid ready money, did jaot get more than ordinarily drunk, and above all was royal ; nobody cared what he might have been before, and every one liked him for what he was. At all the merry- makings- was Yvon, ring leader in the frolic and fan ; andeach girl in the country-side vied with the other for a loving glance from his brown eyes. And well they might. His tall athletic frame was set off by dainty clothes, and dark ;ocks rolled over his shoulders, as long and fine as Jeannette's here. . vv hen I was about "twelve years old it was rumoured round that he was going to be married to one of the vrettiest girls of the Haufcetagne ; and she looked it, too, shortly ufter, standing before the Cure of Corlay, in her pointed, white linen cap, gay kerchief, dark-pue woollen gown, short enough to show pretty feet, and ankles -incased in crimson stockings and silver-buckled shoes, with bright bows of ribbon on their instep, a . silver heart and crucifix (her lover's present) on her bosom, resting on a snowy frilled bib and apron, and I thought, as Yvon took her hand to lead her out of the ehureb, that a better match could npt be found in Brittany; Up to the little chaumiere they took their way, followed by a jojoiis throng. The pigs said chickens had been banished 'Into the woods for the night, the mud floor jet &nd; sprinkled ; candies stood round the jfoom in niches crlfl-pine brackets, reflecting brightly off the old carved bedstead ; the big chest had been shoved into a corner to give. free warren to the dancers ; while overhead dangled the bread- basket, bursting its sides with new barley-cakes, in company with such A goodly array of sausages, onions, and' hams. SjUnade the hungry .wish for supper time. The eyening passed off gay ly, and not a W tobe seen iu the newly-married Smnle's horizon, till a ga oL chance was Smmscd 1 Try your luck an the fountain,' £2 one j and in an evil moment Yvon and Stthdemo afr Annette's bonpapa hands to each a piece of bread and butter ; mid amid a laughing crowd they sally out under the moonlight to a spring bubbling and gurgling from a network of oak roots. The pieces are thrown in. There is a moment of breathless excitement. 4 They swim !' 4 They don't I' 4 They sink !' 4NoJ Yes ! No ! Annette sinks and the buttered side down, by St. Yves !' Why this should have cast a sudden chill over the party I know not. A dozen times before, on New Year's Day, had each and every one of them tried their luck in the same way ; laughing as they saw the. fatal bread and butter foretell their prosperity, sickness, and death. But now, somehow it seemed different. The whilom jest had become a solemn | reality. Perhaps the tone in which bon- . papa had said, 8 God preserve thee from all ill, my Annette 1 — perhaps the sombre shadow of the oak, through whose heavy foliage tiny rifts of silver flickered on and around the pool, had something to do with it. Be that as it may, the party returned to the chaumiere in silence, which the scatter- ' ing 'Paul 7, peti, Annettes' from the more superstitious did not help to brighten. Yes, the revel was at -an end ; the bread and batter had foretold death -fcr Annette i within a year, and bonpapa looked sadly dis- Sturbed when he heard the ominous result. So the sobered revellers made their adieus hastily — startling at the footfall of the roe which crossed their homward path, and shuddering at the whisper of t&e; aspens in the valley. However, in spite of the bad omen, the honfeymoon seemed to pass off as happily as could be; and the anniversary of their marriage day had nearly come round ere any one knew that aught was wrong in the Chaumiere D'Yvon. When they had been married about ten months, bonpapa was one morning sitting at the door of his ferine , unbending from the rheumatic cramps of winter in the warm May sun ; now watching in the yard around him the grim gambols of a litter of white pigs — gaunt even in their youth ; now giving an approving look at the sturdy colt that hinnied and snickered round its mother in the pasture, and made sudden ami futile attacks on two meek- eyed cows,- blotched black and white, as had been their an cestors. Puffing contentedly at his pipe sat bon papa, drinking in the sweet scent of the stocks and wallflower on the gable. He was at peace with the world and him self ; his farming had been prosperous these twenty years; the old stocking in the "oak chest had been exchanged a few days before for a ne> erand larger cne. Yvon seemed well off. Annette was happy, and what more could an old man want ? But after all, was Annette happy ? Of late dark circles had grown under her eyes ; at times she seemed distraught ; at times very affectionate : then again cold and list less. What could it be ? Ah ! here she comes ! Not tripping down the path as was her wont, though, but hurrying downward with her head bent, one hand clutching her cloak round her, the other clinched tight at her side. What could be the matter ? ' 4 Bon jour, bonpapa ! Bon jour, ma mie ! Is any one at home besides you, bonpapa ?' asked she, looking anxiously round. 4 Nobody ! Jacob and Pierrot ' are in the fields ; Maman has gone to market. What i3 it, child?' For a moment or two she hesitated ; then, throwing herself at his knees she blurted out fiercely, He is a Bisclaveret ! He told me so himself once, and I did not believe him ; but last night I found it out for certain !' 4 A Bisclaveret ! who, child, who ?' ex claimed the astonished old man. ' Who ? why, he ! — he of course ! — Yvon !' Although bonpapa. was of a generally placid disposition and somewhat rheumatic, the suddenness of this announcement was too much for him, and he bounced out of his arm-chair like a jack-in-the-box, nearly up- Setting himself in breaking loose from Annette. Had he been a German, he would probably have sat still, aud said, 'Zooooooooooi Zooooooooo-o!' and given vent to hi3 phlegmatic feeling after a long brown study over his china pipe. But bonpapa , my children, was a Breton and a Frenchman, and, dashing his favourite brieve pipe on the ground, he danced round the kneeling Annette, alternately swearing and crossing himself. At last broken sentences began to form themselves out of the torreufc of expletives. 4 A Bisclaveret! married to my daughter! Ah, oockon !— and no one to know it ! The omen of the marriage day! Bad luck attend him !' etc. However this strain could not be kept up long, and, sinking into a chair and picking up his pipe, he puffed furiously at it, seemingly unaware that the bowl had been broken by the fail. As soon as his excitement waned a little, curiosity took its place, and he conjured Annette, by her patroness St. Anne, to tell him all about it ; till the poor girl, creeping closer to him, began in a low, frightened voice : You remember, bonpapa, the omen Of our. marriage nay iorecoia my aeatn ; ana a wenr sadly to bed on my marriage night. The next day, when I went to , the spring, the bread was there still, with little fishes tug ging at it. Do what I would, I could not shake off the fear of that omen. Yvon was kind and good to me, and I loved him ; but yet he seemed in some way connected with my fate. Another thing troubled me ; he would never tell me any thing of his past life, except that he had come fftoin Fmisterre. One "night, about a month after our m&rriaVe;, I was surprised on waking up at midnight, pot to find Y von at my side ome nights after "that he was gone again ; and a few nights after that; and one morning, on. asking him where he went at night, lie coloured up so, and made such a clumsy excuse; that I debided to lie awake and find out how long and. how often he was absent. At last 1 found out that every other bight he Went about ten o'clock, and returned just before day . Upon questioning him about his strange conduct, gnd, intimating that he was losing his old affecfion for me-he-laughed, tmd said that I was the first love he had ever had, an . that I would be the only one. 4 But, adae he, 4 if you really want to know my secret, ; am a Bisclaveret, and every other night 1 am condemned to spend in the wild woods- - Of course, I then thought this nothing bu an excuse, and things went on as ujua » except that on e a fortnight he would ta e the donkey and be gone two days, a. ways coming back with plenty of money jo muc that I think we must have saved up a hundred louis. . . You well know, bonpapa, that at this time of the year, when they have cubs, the wolves howl more than at any other time. Well, about a fortnight ago there as a regular chorus of them to the northward, f t the chaumiere, and Yvon two or three times m the evening got up after listening, anxiously, went to the door, and came back wita a dis turbed look on his face. It seemed to me so odd that x von, a mountaineer, who had been out at night three times a week for the last year, should be afraid of a wolf howl, that I determined to find out the reason. About half an hour after we had gone to bed he leaned over me to see if I was asleep, and when, as he thought, put on his c othes, and slipped out. The moon was young, bun when 1 got to the door I could see him strike into the woods opposite, heading directly for the wolf howls. This brought to my mind his saying that he was a Bisclaveret, and when the same thing happened the second nighty aud on the second from that again, I determined to fol low him, and find out the worst. I did so last Monday up into the pine woods, along a beaten trail starting from close to the corner of the pasture, but which I had never noticed before. Just as we had got close to the wolf howls, by a great pine tree and a ledge of rocks, I lost all trace of him, and, fearing the wolves, I hurried back again. Wednesday night I followed him only to lose him at the same spot ; but last night, by keeping closer to him, I knew, to my horror, that he had spoken the truth, for on arriving at the ledge of rocks he stopped, lifted a large flat stone, and took something from under it, which, par Notre Dame d'Auray, were wolf-skin clothes. He put his own clothes in their place, and, arrayed in their skins, started towards the wolves, to a broken part of the ledge of rocks overgrown r, ith bushes. As soon as I could muster up c surage, I hurried after him. When I got through the thicket he had disappeared, and the solves seemed to be galloping away through the forest ; but as I scrambled over the ledge, I was confronted by a wolf so enormous that I can only be lieve it to have been Yvon metamorphosed. I had just presence of mind to strike him on the head with a short ox-goad I brought with me, and then run down the rocks again, falling near the bottom, and nearly stunning myself. But I sprang up, and fled home, fearing every moment he would follow and pull me down. I meant to come on here, but I was in such terror of his catching me as I ran that, as the chaumiere seemed to afford me some protection, I rushed in, barred the door, aud waited my fate. About his usual time he came to the door and tried it — I was in a cold perspiration. At last he knocked. I could not answer, I was tongue-tied with fear. He soon began to swear at me, saying that lis knew I was in there, and that I had shut the door to spite him ; and after a long time, after making him swear by the Virgin he would not harm me, I let him in. I was nearly frightened to death when he came in, for no sooner was he inside than, taking me by the shoulders, and gnashing his teeth at me like a olf that he is, he told me that if ever I played him such a tvick again he would kill me. This morning,- as soon as I could, I ran down here. But, ah, my God, bonpapa, do not let me go back to the wolf ! He will kill me some day, I know he will ; and the prophecy of the fountain will come true ! So little was known of Yvon's antecedents, he had always been so mysterious about them that, putting this and sundry other little things together, coupled with Annette's story, bonpapa could only arrive at the un pleasant conclusion that he had married his granddaughter to a Bisclaveret, and that it might be as well for all concerned to put such a grandson out of the way quietly, be fore some horrible catastrophe happened. Many were the plans he formed for doing so ; but they were all marred by Annette, « ho would neither consent to be the means of Yvon's death, nor to go back to the chaumiere ; ana the morning had nearly slipped away ere bonpapa hacf half-coaxed, haif-bullied her into helping him to follow out the one least objectionable to her. It was more than probable that Yvon, being out of temper with his wife, would go out again that very night ; and as it would be easy to follow him in the moculighfc, the old man proposed to. dog him to his wolf con ference himself, aud if he found it to be a fact, to takte steps with the Curd cf Corley for his regeneration or extirpation. To this A nnette at first would not as she would nob consent to bohpapa's "risking his life alone with the Bisclaveret. Bonpapa to this urged strongly that he must go alone to save che scandal to fcne family, and would not take her for feais. something might happen to h?r. But at last it was decided that both sliGuld go ; so towards evening Annette went back , to the chaumiere as if nothing had happened ; and oy dark bonpapa was ensconced in the edge of the woods, with the proverbial silver bullet in his gun in case .the Bisclaveret should discover him and show his wolf nature. Yvon's morning fit of anger had passed off, and though moody -at times, he was kind and loving ; so much so that Annette began to repent of the night!s adventure before her. She could not help loving him in spite of all ; but as evening grew on, fear came oer her that lis might any night return in his wolf's form, that his savage' nature might be aroused, and that the prophecy of the foun tain might come true ; besides the scandal to vte family if it were known that she had been married to neither man, beast, nor > demon ! Pah ! she crossed herself at the I fearful thought. The Curd would find some | way of regenerating him, and he would not : have to be killed ; so that by the time Yvon slipped from the house; she was again nerved to follow out the quest, and, giving him a fe w minutes' law, she hurried out across the pasture, mottled with wide-eyed buttercups, and over the low rail and bank beyond, under whose shado v bonpapa awaited her, gun in hand. . , Bursting through a grove of birch and willow, they find the trail, and in a moment more Annette's keen eye recognises Yvon's figure ahead of them, now half lost in a dense thicket, now standing out grey in a moonlit glade against a bank of wood.- .. No -v they scramble down over mOss-clad rocks into a dark glen, where kal branches arch over their heads, the brook tinkling and simpering down through damp sbaughs aud coppices of alder, fringed and tufted rotind the roots with rank burch grass. Up into the moonlight again, along a hill side, in an air heavy with the smell of prim roses and hyacinths. On either side the oak stems loom up gaunt and white, save where knotted veins of ivy creep up and round them, sucking their life- blood. Anon they drop into a low vale where the spongy moss squeezes out its water from under their tread, and sighs as it takes its shape ; once more, at the delicate yellow asphodel, too crushed and bruised to rise again. A rabbit scuttles across their path, one ear slouched towards them, the other cocked at the great horned owl sweeping through the treetops. Cowering in the grass and ferns, they watch Yvon's tall fig-ire top the earth bank, where he stands for a moment looking back over the trail, and, as Annette avers to bon papa, straight into their hiding place. But a moment, and they hurry on again, as the chase is lost in the labyrinth of seed ling pines, which usher in the forest, and whose sturdy branches swish their faces and limbs as they wind through them. But taller and taller grow the pines, freer and freer of loer branches, and at- last, after a plunge into a dell of bracken higher than their heads, they emerge into the wildwoods, and a sharp yap yap, with an answering howl, sails down the wind, sighing through the pine branches overhead, to greet £hem on their way. G'nost-like glide the three figures through the dark stems, among >diich grey boulders crop out mushroom- like through the warm carpet of fir-needles. Wearily tread the hunters in the scanty cover, twice neatly discovered by Yvon, ho had stopped to breathe a moment in the ascent, for excite ment had so kept up Annette and the old man that neither felt fatigue ; and as the hunted presses on again, they slip from behind their sheltering trees, aud creep after him like a pair of panthers, while louder and clearer down the breeze sweep the wolf howls. Oa the crest of a long chine, overlooking a gully, Annette clutches the old man's arm, and drags him behind a tree, - 4 There ! there it is ! across in the moon light. There is the stone ! Let us wait here.' Slowly Yvon climbs the further slope, and appears in a little cove bathed in moonlight against a ledge of rocks, there rising abruptly some thirty feet, but which a few yards on was a broken slope overgrown with' shrubs and bushes. Breathlessly they watch him don the fatal skins aud jjide into the thicket towards the wolves, now quite close. , 4 Stay you here, Annette,' whispered the old man. 4 1 will go on alone. If I don't come back in half an hour, go home and alarm the country side ; if you see the wolves, climb yon tree and call for help.' 4 Oh, do nothing rash, bonpapa, for the love of Notre Dame d'Auray ! Do nothing that may bring death oh either of you, for my sake.' A wave of the hand, and anon he, too. crept out into the moonlight under the rocks, and was lost to sight in the thicket. The wolves, after a sudden burst, had stopped howling ; and as Annette heard bonpapa's footsteps die away in the silence of the night, a vague dread seized her that she should never see him again, and she counted the moments to his return. Then as she strained eve3 and ears toward the thicket, she thought of his errand ; of whom he was tracking ; and all her year of married life passed by lier like a dreain. If bonpapa was successful, if he satisfied himself that Yvon was a Bisclaveret ; what then ? What would he and the Ctir< decide to do with him. He had been a good hus band, and in spite of her knowledge of his double being, she loved. him, it seemed now more than ever, at the chance of his being condemned to death through her means. Betffcer have faced it out than to have told bonpapa ! J-iniiii/rnfi t TTrv-ir Tv-»v«r» 1. _ _-i 1 — naa neen absent— he should be back by this time. The half- hour must be up. The Bisclaveret might have seen them tracking him, turned on the old man now he was alone and killed him. Tbat were, if possible, worse than the other. And in her double agony of doubts and fear, she knelt and sobbed aioud to the Virgin. What is that velvet footfall on the fir needles ? That short sigh behind her ? O, Godl the great - oif again aber elbow ' 4 Yvon ! Bisclaveret ! have mercy !' For a moment the two. wolf and l glared at each other ; and then, clashing the broad, white-fanged jaws like a steel trao he lunged kt her. With all her force she drove the ox-goad home. But not this time ! and, ere she had lifted it for a second blow, -he was upon her the white fangs buried iu her white neck' and the cruel claws tearing her shoulders and bosom. One long despairing death-scream broke the stillness of the forest, cutting through the pine, stems, buffeted agaiust the rocky ledge, tossed from side to side to the glen down into the woods below, and then nothing but the muflied worrying of the wolf and the throbs of the girl's death struggle. The scream reached the ears of bonpapa who, having suddenly lost all trace of Yvon was slowly returning. It ; could only mean one thing, that Annette ha4 been attacked by wolves or the Blsclaverefel and he hurried back to where he had left lier. As the wolf raised his head to look at the newcomer, the same idea thkt had occurred to Annette had flashed across bonpapa that ' Yvon had discovered thenTfdlrU' that not content with his skins, he ll fi taken a wolf's form, and havinw given h the slip, had gone back to kill ids wife and the hoiTor of the scene so unnerved the cS man that he scarcely could hold his m! steady ; but the Bisclaveret stood still froth ing his bloody jaws over his victim ; and at last the silver bullet sped. With a howl the wolf sprang into the air, struggled a moment on the ground, and then shambled slowlv offi 4 Ah, what a sad ending to their expedition What a poor revenge on the Bisclaveret' He must die — the silver bullet must do its work ; but how dearly had that revenw been bought ! And bitter tears dimmed the old man's eyes as he lifted into his lap that little head hacked and gashed by those catting teeth. Who was to blame for ifc but himself ? He should have followed the Bis claveret alone ! There was no question about Yvon's identity now. He had sud denly disappeared only a few paces before him among the wolves, almost at the top of the ledge. The thicket, the plateau, had been searched, but he was not to be 'seen Too suddenly and mysteriously had he dis appeared for man. Bisclaveret he must be ! Devil he was, to come back and kill his poor defenceless wife ! But it was the prophecy the omen of the fountain had come true! ' He wiped away the blood from the face as well as he could, and, after one long kiss sat stupefied. ' The wild 4 hoot ! hoot !' of a screech-owl aroused him ; but now that the excitement had died off, how weak and helpless he felt On rising, his limbs were numbed and trembling, and after carry iug the body a few paces he was obliged to rest. It would be impossible for him to vet it home alone, so he stuck a brauch with a handkerchief on it over the body to keep away the wolves, and started sadly home to rouse the country side. How dreary was the downward path through the tall pine stems ; how ghostly the 4 hush ! hush !' of their branches. Bat even that was company in the great silence of the forest, wheie a pine-seed, quivering, spinning down, clicked as it touched a fallen limb. How heavy and choking the scent of the hyacinths below. Air ! air ! To be again among his fellow- men, out of that dell where the mist rose heavy and dank, and the leaves sprinkled a clammy rain on him ; and as the sleeping vale below burst on his sight, and the dim outlines of the fields mapped out on its broad moonlit bosom ; as he peered down at the ferme, nestling in its sheltering aspens, he breathed a prayer -that revenge might bring at least a poor relief for his troubled thoughts. It was barely dawn when some twenty armed peasants filed out of the farmyard, the old man himself on a pony, vowing to find the Bisclaveret, dead or alive, and, if the latter, to take a fearful vengeance. A3 to have gone by Yvon's chaumiere would have been longer, they went straight up through the woods to the spot. Little tits and golden-crested wrens were twittering through the pine branches when ihey reached it. A woodpecker was tapping on the tree over it, and flopped away through the woods, echoing his liarsh laugh ; but Ihe body and the handkerchief were gone ! Where ? 4 Look for the clothes under the1 stone,' proposed one. 4 If he is dead his own clothes will be there ; if alive, the skins. The stone was lifted, and there lay the Bisclaverst's nightly garb, a rude blouse and trousers of wolf -skin, with thongs round the waist. Off both of them the hair was frayed in great patches, and they were bedraggled with mud. ' By St. Yves, his namesake, he docs the saint honour, wearing the devil's livery so freely !' said a peasant. 4 Twere well to take these and confront him with them, as he is alive ! Even if he does deny killing Aunette, he cannot deny that in these he hasjoinedin the wolf-dance. Ten to one he has buried the body in the woods, aud gone down to the chaumiere to brazen it out. If he has, we can avenge Annette first and hunt for her body afterwards,' The advice seemed good, and in the first piece of soft ground along the trail they found Yvon's tracks going down the moun- tain. At the corner of the pasture bonpapa called halt. Should they take him alive if they could and make him confess, or kill liim out right ? , 4 Kill him ! kill him ! kill the Bisclaveret ! was the answer. ' Why should he be allowed to live longer ? W hat was he but a murdering demon in whose company no one was safe - If he « ould kill Annette, he ould kill any one. This taste for blood might bring ou his wolf-nature, and our homes and little ones are not safe ! t all him out ; shoot mm down ; afld if he will not come out, hre tne roof. JEn avant ! en avant /' And soon a ring of fierce faces close m on the little chaumiere, from whose chimney » th|n film of white smoke simpers up tiiroug the morning air. 4 Yvon ! Bisclaveret ! come out and show yourself! Ha, ha! we have you no , m spite of your sharp teeth ! Bo ! muiderer wolf- mate! show yourself !' , Slo wly the door opens, and Yvon, pale an hollow- eyed, shows himself, only to stagger back into the house, slamming the door con- vulsively, as the charges of a dozen guns ra round him. 4 Fire ! fire ! Burn him out ! Set fire the thatch ! smoke the wolf out !' rang ou again the revengeful voices, and ere it aS well said tinder was put to the roof ia two t or three places. A pause. A bright sfcrea ' of flame runs up a long straw, and the roo is in a blaze. - . , ' Aha! Bisclaveret, you are trapped now . The devil will have his own sooner than n expected. - Show your teeth for the last tinie» and die like a brave wolf !' . . \- But not an answering sound, till asudoe rush of smoke hurtles up as the roof crashes in, echoed by a cry of rage and pain wbic .silenced even crackling straw aud rafters. In a moment more the door was burst on Ward, and from the dtibris into their muds tottered Yvon, shambling and tottering grimed with smoke, and dripping blooafr1' dozen wounds ; butin his arms was clutch something, of which, in the fury of they had foxgotten the existence— the body Of the unfortunate AnaettMn a dress once white but now mottled with the fresh btood of Yvon's wouuds, and smirchdd with gjgrht was so unexpected that all shrank back asjhe staggered across the road, aad fell beside the spring. ' . Still further they shrank back as, glaring round ontbem, he panted out with the energy f< Devils! What do you mean? What have J done to deserve such a death ?' 'Done?' exclaimed bonpdpa , his anger r:sjn£r as Yvou spoke, have you not done enough? Did not Annette and I track you ast night to your wolf-den? and did you not inuraer the innocent thing while I was in search of you ? Did not my silver bullet bite iato your wolf flesh ? Aud do you ask wnat you have done, fiend that you are ? But 'tis no use, you have not long to live, so make your peace with God, or the devil, your master, whichever it may be.' 4 Sta3r, said Yvon ; I came out of mv mine this morning (there's no use concealing it longer, as I'm dying) to find Annette cut to pieces by wolves, I suppose, though some one must have been there since, as the body had been removed. Water ! quick ! I'm dying ! I am a miner. A year ago, in hunting. I killed two wolves, in which I found traces of lead. I opened the mine, used their skins to work in, so as not to soil my clothes and betray myself, sold my . lead in Gamp, amp, and to put Annette off the scent, I told her I was Bisclaveret. And the omen of the fountain has come true— doubly true— An nette ! Annette !' Slowly the last words babbled up through the frothy lips, and drooping over her body there passed away from earth the soul of Yvnn Oardoc. the last Bisclaveret of Brit- tany.' —Macmillaii's Magazine . 