NEWS OF THE DAY. THE London and colonial wool sales closed on Fri- day, and, as will be seen by our commercial telegrams, the tone of the market was firm to the close, and has now a hardening tendency. The next series commence on the 20th April. From our cable messages relating to political matters, it will be seen that the Earl of Derby has formally declared his adhesion to the Liberal party. Some discontented Chinese at Pekin are reported to have broken out in open revolt against constituted authority. If we are to credit another of our foreign telegrams, the recalled Chinese Ambassador at St. Petersburgh has had a short life of it since his return. A day or two ago, we were informed that, as one of the principals to the Kuldja treaty— a treaty between China and Russia—he had been impeached, and now it is reported that he has been decapitated. The telegraphic summary of news by the Torres Straits mail gives a little more infor- mation concerning this distinguished but unhappy Chinaman. It is said that his disgrace was very com- plete, and that one of his censors had recommended that he should be put to death. He appears to have been the subject of the machinations of his official colleagues at Pekin. THE telegraph line between Sydney and Tenterfield was interrupted last night, and consequently no messages were transmitted to or received from Bris- bane, THE officers of the German war-ship Bismarck have been treated, ever since the vessel came into port, with that hospitality which makes Sydney such a pleasant station for foreigners, and on Saturday one of the most agreeable parties given in their honour took place at St. Leonards Lodge, North Shore, the residence of Mr. B. O. Holtermann. There were in all nearly eighty guests, among whom were eight of the Bismarck's officers ; the pleasant fete lasted from the afternoon until nearly midnight. Captain Deinhardt had kindly sent his band, and with plenty of good music to dance to, and spacious grounds to roam in, people could scarcely fail to enjoy themselves. After supper a number of toasts were drank, notably those of " Aus- tralia," proposed by Mr. Slack ; and " The officers of the Bismarck," proposed by Mr. B. O. Holtermann, and responded to by Herr Croll, second officer of the vessel. THE weather has apparently settled, and bright sunny days, fresh breezes, and cool nights have been the order of things since Friday. As this is the orthodox season for picnics, this pleasant change has been hailed with great satisfaction by many who, without it, would have had to defer projected jaunts. THE athletic sports, which were held in the grounds of the Garden Palace on Saturday, under the auspices of the Highland Society of New South Wales, passed off in a very satisfactory manner. There was an im- mense concourse of people, both inside and outside of the building, and great interest was manifested in the various contests. Lady Augustus Loftus honoured the gathering with her presence for a short time, and there were also present many influential citizens. , A report will be found in another column. A MEETING of the committee of the Irish Distress Relief Fund was held on Saturday morning in the Town Hall. Present : Mr. P. A. Jennings, C.M.G. (in the chair), his Worship the Mayor (R. Fowler, J.P.), Messrs. W. Beaumont, J.P., Alderman Chapman, J.P., Alderman Meeks, John Hourigan, J.P., Bernard Gaffney, Thomas Butler, John T. Toohey, and Daniel O'Connor, M.L.A. The total amount (£150) received on Saturday, includes £50 (fifth in- stalment) from Wagga Wagga, per Mr. H. B. Fitz- hardinge, Mayor ; £50 from Braidwood, per Mr. Thomas R. Maddell ; besides several smaller amounts. THE barbarous and unnecessary operation performed on the mouth of the horse, for the cure of lampas, has been recently under the consideration of the Animals' Protection Society, as will be seen by their last report, published in another column. As every- one who has had anything to do with horses knows, the operation is an extremely painful one, and the resort of farriers to such a cruel mode of cure for the ailment seems to have been the result of ignorance more than anything else. Before resolving to take action to stop the barbarous practice, the society referred to Mr. John Stewart, veterinary surgeon, Darlinghurst Road, to elicit his opinion as to its necessity. He states that during the fifty years he has been attending to the ailments of horses he has never met with a single case that required such an operation as that which farriers are in the habit of performing for the cure of the lampas. The practice has never been sanctioned at any of the veterinary colleges in the United Kingdom, nor by any modern veterinary author in the United Kingdom. Mr. Stewart's opinions, which the society has em- bodied in a circular to be issued to every farrier in the colony, are worth perusal by all owners of horses. We may add, by way of caution, that the society has re- solved to prosecute any person who may hereafter be found burning for the lampas. A PUBLIC meeting of residents at Watson's Bay was held at the Gap Hotel, on Friday evening, Alderman A. W. Sladen in the chair, for the initiation of measures for putting a stop to the pestilential nuisance arising from the most insanitary state of the swamp called Watson's Bay Water Reserve, which has become so intolerable as to arouse them to a sense of the danger to which they are exposed. On the motion of Mr. Harmer, seconded by Captain Firth, it was unanimously resolved, " That immediate application be made to the Municipal Council of Woollahra, and to the Government, to send a competent person to report upon the nuisance complained of, and to adopt the requisite remedy." A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. A LETTER has reached us from a draper's assistant, pointing out that persons employed in shops about Sydney have to work seventy-five hours a week, during the whole of which time they are compelled to remain on their feet. This the writer considers highly inju- rious to their physical health, and suggests that the ladies of Sydney should take the same course as the ladies of London did some few years ago—that is, send round a circular begging the employers to provide seats for their employes, as it is impossible for the latter to make an application in this direction them- selves without at once receiving notice to go. A CORRESPONDENT writes :—" The inhabitants of the town of St. Mary's, South Creek, held a public meet- ing for the purpose of selecting the best position for the erection of a post and telegraph office. Mr. J. K. Lethbridge, J.P., occupied the chair, and at the close of the meeting called for a divison—the result was three to one in favour of the west side of the present post and telegraph office. Knowing there are three parties who have sent in their tenders to the Post- master-General for the work, it is hoped that the Government will accept one of them for the benefit of the public, and in accordance with the views of the meeting." WE have been shown another specimen of the art of painting on porcelain, executed by Miss A. Cohen, of Macleay-street. The subject is comprised of a canary, a butterfly, and flowers, with a Japanese trade-mark, painted on the white ground of a dessert-plate, the edges of which are perforated, and also tinted in light blue and gold. It is in imitation of Japanese work, and were it not that the young lady's name appears on the back of the plate, would, without doubt, be taken for a piece of Japanese painting. The bird and butter- fly are most cleverly executed, as indeed are the flowers ; and the picture, as a whole, is quite a credit to the artist. One point of difference between the speci- men now before us and the plates we were shown on a former occasion, is the fact that the gold on the first- named has been burnished, giving it quite a finished appearance. A CORRESPONDENT writes to us desiring that the attention of the Transit Commissioners' officers should be drawn to the condition of the waggonettes plying between Wynyard-square and Balmain, via Pyrmont, some of which he says are unserviceable, and fre- quently overloaded. THE new police station which has been in course of erection for some time past at the corner of Woolloo- mooloo and Riley streets, has at length been completed, and architecturally speaking, is quite an ornament to the neighbourhood. It is constructed of the best Pyrmont stone, and the design is so imposing, and yet suitable, and the work has been carried out in such a faithful manner, that the structure may fairly be regarded as a model. There is certainly no police station in the colony which is finished similar to it. The front of the structure faces Woolloomooloo-street, and is set off to advantage by a massive colonnade, the facade of which is of highly ornamented stone- work. The accommodation provides for an officer's room, a charge-room, a store-room, and four cells, —two large and two small ones, capable of holding altogether about thirty prisoners. The cells have powerful yet neatly finished iron doors ; the floors in them, and also all through the building, are cemented ; and the ventilation is all that could be desired. The fittings of the doors in the other parts of the building are of cedar. There are two yards, pro- vided with every convenience ; water and gas are laid on, and the building as a whole is complete in every respect. The Colonial Architect (Mr. Barnet) fur- nished the plans, and Mr. Joseph Moxam, builder, car- ried out the work. It now only awaits the necessary furniture. A BATTALION parade was held on Saturday in the Parramatta Domain. The battalion comprised the Parramatta and Windsor companies, with the King's School Cadet Corps, numbering in all 150 mem- bers. Major Holborow was in command. A large number of visitors were present. THE members of the Nimrod Fishing Club held their third outing for this quarter on Thursday last, and with their friends mustered forty-five. The steamship Commodore was chartered for the occasion, and although the weather at the hour of starting looked anything but promising, they had a fine day, After trying wide off Dee Wye, without much success, they came in nearer, with no better, when the order was given for Broken Bay. Upon reaching Broken Bay, right good sport commenced, one gentleman landing nine brace in succession, his total number being 51 ; another 48, another 42. All arrived safely at Circular Quay about 7 o'clock, after enjoying a tkorough day's sport. Upon the first counting 845 schnapper was the number, but it was ultimately discovered there were 930. DR. SEALE reported to the Coroner, on Saturday, that a young girl named Ada Jane Brooks, 14 years of age, had died suddenly at Burwood, and an inquest was held on her remains that afternoon. Dr. Cox deposed to having made a post mortem examination of the body, and stated that the cause of death was san- guineous apoplexy, and a verdict to that effect was returned by the jury. MR. WILLIAM BOLES, a well-known architect of this city, and a premising member of his profession, died, after but a few days illness, at his residence, yesterday afternoon. He was a comparatively young man, being 36 years of age. He has been in business for himself about seven years. During that time he has been the architect of many buildings in the city and country townships. His latest works are the Wesleyan Church, Prince-street ; the Congregational Church, Bourke-street ; the Church of England Church, Mudgee ; and the Bathurst Hospital, which is approaching completion. Mr. Boles was unmarried, and was a native of Sydney. THE four children of the woman, Emily Thompson, who with her daughter was committed for trial on the Coroner's warrant on Friday, for the murder of her two infant children, were brought before the Water Police Court on Saturday, by constable Day, for pro- tection. The children, whose ages ranged from three to nine years, were formally discharged by the Bench, and were recommended for admission to the Benevolent Asylum. A MAN named Patrick Clune, aged about 58. years, died in a cab as he was being conveyed foom the Red- fern railway station to St. Vincent's Hospital, on Fri- day. It appears that the deceased was a labourer, and has been in Parramatta Asylum recently, and while there he complained of a pain in his side and a violent headache, and was for those ailments attended by the doctor of the institution. At his request he was removed from the asylum to the St. Vincent's Hospital by his brother, Bartholomew, of Wheeo, near Goulburn, and while on the journey after leaving the railway station he expired suddenly. It is said the deceased was a widower, and had been so for the past 25 years, and he leaves a married daughter, wife of Mr. William Hutton, resident in Deniliquin. It further appears that the deceased suffered from a pain in his side for the last 26 years. The body was conveyed to the deadhouse, Circular Quay ; and an inquest will be held on it to-day. THE Bathurst Times says that the unfortunate man James Polson, since his admission to the Bathurst gaol, has been in a pitiable state of wretchedness. Even yet he can hardly realize the terrible tragedy that has taken place. He states that his mind is a perfect blank with regard to the fatal deed, nor has he any recollection of anything that occurred on the day in question. He has been remarkably quiet in his demeanour, and gives no trouble whatever to the gaol officials. THE Dubbo Dispatch reports that on Friday, the 5th instant, a serious affray occurred on the Cobar Road, at a place called the Pigeon Holes, between Nyngan and Cobar. It appears that a man named Collins, a carrier, and two others named Newsome and Hatton, were drinking at Hall's public-house. They had some words and a fight ensued between Hatton and Collins. The latter got the best of it, and as soon as the combat was over Collins got his team together and started on his journey. He believed there was an end to the quarrel ; and, as we understand, he sepa- rated from the others on good terms. After he had travelled about a mile, he was followed by New- some and Hatton. On approaching Collins, Newsome, who, it was said, was incited by Hatton, rushed at Collins with a tomahawk, and the latter, finding him- self hard pressed and his life in danger, took up a gun and fired. The shot struck Newsome in the right knee, and as soon as he fell Hatton bolted. Collius, who no sooner fired than he was sorry for his action, used every means to assist the wounded man. Information was sent to the Can- nonbar police, and senior-constable Brown went out. He started in pursuit of Hatton, and succeeded in apprehending him. In the meanwhile Newsome was brought into Cannonbar, and Dr. Tibbits tele- graphed for to Dubbo. The wound was in a dreadful state—in fact, so bad that mortification was expected, but the doctor dressed it at once, and the man, who will be sent to Dubbo by coach, is progressing favourably. SATURDAY'S Australasian thus speaks of the action of the Premier with regard to the Stamp Duties Bill :—" There would appear to be some of the old leaven of last year's quarrel at work in the mind of Sir Henry Parkes in his dealings with the Stamp Bill, which the Upper House had returned with a slight amendment. The Premier insisted on the House lay- ing the bill aside, and introducing another in the original form for transmission to the Council. His argument in favour of this course was curious. He admitted that they existed under a written constitution, which was the only source of their powers, and by that the Upper House was allowed to amend the bill. But he maintained that it ' was neces- sary for the Assembly to claim an equal power with the House of Commons in dealing with the appropria- tion of money.' He reminded the Assembly that ' there was a time when the House of Lords was the more powerful Chamber, and the House of Commons had won its rights and principles by insisting upon them.' And, finally, he held that the ' Upper House, as in every former instances, had been the originator of the cause of difference—not the Assembly.' Now, let us see how far we have got. The Upper House only acted in accordance with the Constitution in making the amendment, and the Lower House had no warrant in the Constitution—that is to say, no warrant at all— to object to such action. But it is the duty of the Assembly to extend its powers, and to do so by insist- ing on them, and if, in this course of action, its extending jurisdiction clashes with the lawful powers of any other body, and a quarrel ensues, that other body is the originator of it. It is the Council down below there (says Sir H. Parkes) that muddied the stream, not the Assembly up above. Perhaps it is in remarking the style of argument and logic which poli- ticians permit themselves to use as quite good enough for their purpose that the observer comes to form his estimate of the demoralizing effect of average politics on the mind and character of those who follow them." The Argus of Thursday states that the sub-com- mittee appointed to consider the poems received for the cantata reported that four sittings had been held, in the course of which all the compositions sent in had been carefully examined. They had been gradually reduced to 12, then to six, and afterwards to four, from which the final selection was made. Not a single author's name was known by the committee, and their choice finally fell on a poem sent in under the nom de plume of " Eucalyptus." The author omitted to send his name and address, consequently the sub-committee were unable to state by whom the premium had been actually won, but it is anticipated that he will repair the omission without delay. The next three poems were placed in the following order :— " Lyra," " Orimbah," and " Lyre Bird." The se- lected poem is simple, and can be easily handled by the composer of the music. The argument sets forth that Victoria, sleeping amidst the primeval solitudes, is aroused by voices which foretell the speedy discovery and settlement of the country, and presently the songs of the mariners are heard as they make their way across the ocean to the as yet undiscovered land. The second part—" The Present "—represents Victoria discovered engaged in various pursuits—pastoral, agricultural, in- dustrial, &c.; She is approached by a company of nymphs, representing the various nations of the earth. These hail her with acclamation as " The Queen of the South." Victoria responds with a jubilant song of welcome, and as she leads her guests to the banquet the people burst forth in a patriotic hymn, which ends the cantata. The poem is short, and the conception is original—two points in its favour. WE learn from the Melbourne Daily Telegraph tha on the 3rd instant a young man, 19 years of age, named Mark Marston, was out in one of Mr. W. J. Clarke's paddocks, at Sunbury, looking for rabbits. He put his hand into a rabbit burrow, and almost imme- diately withdrew it, and said something had bitten him. He continued rooting for a few minutes, and then complained of his head. His companion helped him along, and tied a string round the arm and called for assistance. Mr. Fanning, gardener to Mr. Clarke, answered the call, and scarified the wound, which was on the wrist, and which his companion sucked. Be- tween them they got the deceased to the Rupertswood Hotel, where he was attended by Dr. Leggatt. This was about half-past 1 o'clock in the day, and by con- stant care and the injection of ammonia into the arm the deceased rallied, and Dr. Leggatt left him at half- past 11 p.m., apparently doing well. He was called at 3 a.m. next day, and found deceased's arm in a violent state of inflammation. The doctor prescribed for him ; but he continued to sink, and died at a quarter-past 9 a.m. from the poisonous effects of snakebite. THE Echuca and Moama Advertiser states that an unfortunate occurrence took place in the parish of Moira, the other day. Two children, the sons of James Wright, a farmer, residing in the said parish, set out on Friday, the 27th February, to fetch home some cows, and after travelling about three-quarters of a mile, it commenced to rain, whereon the elder brother told the younger to run home. The younger child (about 5 years old) accordingly started for home, as he thought. The elder brother on reaching home some considerable time after, found that the little fellow had not made his appearance. Search was made, but he was nowhere to be found that.night. The following morning about 30 of the neighbours turned out, and searched the whole day, but without success. The worst part of all was that on the Friday night men- tioned it poured with rain, and on Saturday the weather was as bad. Saturday night at dark it was raining hard, and had every appearance of a wet night, but with no sign of the child. All hopes of finding him alive were then abandoned. On Sunday morning, however, he was discovered about two miles from where he was last seen, trudging about and calling for his brother, and, but for being weak and hungry, none the worse for his mishap. He was out two nights and a day, with the rain pouring in torrents the whole time. A STRANGE story reaches the Bendigo Independent from the Sheepwash. A few evenings since four wood- carters were returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sheepwash. The night was clear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached the Junction Hotel they turned off on a bush track, and travelled along for a short distance. Suddenly they saw approaching them the figure of a headless female draped in white, and gliding along apparently without any exertion. Each wood-carter was riding in his own dray. They gazed with fascinated horror on the spec- tacle, none of them able to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair is that the men say that directly it passed one waggon it became invisible to those sit- ting in the other cart. Thus it appeared to each wood- carter, one after the other. Although dressed in white, there appeared to be a yellowish hue surrounding the figure. For four nights in succession the ghost (or whatever it was) was seen, and the wood-carters became at last so afraid that when they are now going home with the empty drays they all ride together. Had the story been related to us by one person only, few people would place any credence in it, but when half a-dozen men emphatically relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have, however, arranged to " pot " the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. THE Argus learns that Mr. Richard Anthony Proc- tor, the distinguished astronomer, who, since last October, has been lecturing to very large audiences in Canada and United States, has arranged to sail from San Francisco for Sydney on the 12th April. A MECHANICAL contrivance—American in the sim- plicity and ingenuity of its construction—is now to be seen in Adelaide, says the South Australian Register. It is what may be termed a railway velocipede or tricycle, and is intended for the use of permanent way inspection—the men who go down the railway lines periodically to see that they are in repair and clear of obstruction. The vehicle, which was manufactured by G. and S. Sheffield and Co., Michigan, consists of a light carriage mounted upon two wheels, one behind the other, with flanges to fit on one rail of the line, while a projecting bar sup- ports a smaller wheel to take the other rail and keep the vehicle steady. The rider places himself upon a seat in the fore part of the carriage, and by means of a cleverly constructed upright oscillating frame, acting upon a series of cranks and cogwheels beneath, propels himself at a rapid rate along the rail- way with very little exertion. There is also provision for driving the vehicle with the feet in the same way as a bicycle. A small but powerful brake is fitted so as to act on the wheels with great force and stop the machine at once if necessary. The carriage is between two and three feet high, and six feet long, and is very light. Behind the driver is a receptacle for tools or whatever he may require to carry with him of an easily portable character, and in front is a small box for screws, oilcan, &c.; IN the evidence of Mr. C. F. Roberts, one of the wit- nesses in the case of Shepherd v. Dibbs, the following sen- tence appears :—" He did not know that it was Mrs. Char- lick's child that was registered." For '' Mrs." read " Mr." 