S BORDER TROUBLES te SQuite a sensation was canoed at - ,on Friday, among the shipping and r ma atile firms,by the intelligencecnretr d to them by Mr Gordon, chief : y House officer, that the Stamp DuBies ;r would be strictly enforced on all Vta bank notes negotiated in New South Wi is the opinion of the lawofficers of thatlnr n being that they were subject to they \- ment of duty at the rate of Gd. ferew . such note up to the value of££i9,t ie being" promissory notes" in pointo ?i s It was also intimated that a dultr,o'. wise a wharfage rate, would be collete"l . all good3 imported into and exported i is New South Wales over the bridge.e is conveyed by the river steamer. Thi c n prove a source of endless troue.a e travellers. The Sydney nmerchants a: e deavouring by all means in their poem S remove the wool traffic to that port it. Lt of Melbourno. Our English telegrams, says theJ3:t SMonday, are full of important ti--. General Sir F. S; Roberts has air~! esafely at Gbuuzee with a force of li,)i Smen. IHe has eujoyed an unimt? t march of ninoty'miles from Cabul. T? rdistance between Ghueuzo and Caninb ris 110 miles. General Sir Donald Sine ewith the main body of the arn, rwhich retired from Cabul, has anr?rei a safely at Jellalabad, the a:u tribes on the way showing a fried! l disposition to the force on the mn? Arr-angementa will he made for the r,.h of the troops to India, after leraving liteti a force suftcllient to defend the ne~t'' Sacquired territory, of which Jelnlleb ! will be the head-quarters. GIenev I Hughes has been stationed with a C0w tsiderable force at Fort iBattye, a advance post beyond Gundiamut. D: attack on the city of Candahar is in. minent. The various tribes comPtei I Ayoub Khan's army are growing impaltie:t and are anxious to make an assault oni t city at once. The British force have n?u?e every preparation for the attack, bnt it need be they will fall hack on the citad, a' position easily defended, until the aninl of the ' relieving force. General ,PI'S wilI effect a junction with the force d General Roberts on that general's anSt before any attempt is made to raise t siege. Several persons' have been reader seriously ill through being frightened bye ghost whioh promenades the railway plh form at Kilmore. It has been shot t without effect. The jury in the action of the IIol Edward Langton v. The Board of Lo/ and Works ou saMonday visited the lawkn burn station, on the Oakleigh 1iles. where the accident occurred. They after wards returned to the Supreme Court, ad, after they had retired for four hours, gate a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £93. Printed and published for the propni5te Hareourt and Co., by the Manaeger, .' Davoy, at the ofco Visteria ntrcc, Kl.ef 