The Advertiser SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1880. It was a coincidence of a serio-comic kind which caused some of the last days of Parliament to be spent in the consideration of a final resting-place for the dead. For come time previously there had not been wanting evidences of its moribund condi tion. Not merely the effloxion of time, bat the feebleness of the debating element j and the minimum of results realized told : plainly of the rapid approach of the end of the Parliament. Members too were steadily preparing for the future. The more delinquent and timid manifested by vote and speech an evident desire to make their peace with the gods. By a natural association of ideas tne site for a cemetery became an interesting topic of considera tion, and the transition to it was as easy a j it was congruous. In fact the subject was so homogeneous to the mental mood of the Assembly that not less than twenty members spoke on it. Bat reriouely there can be no doubt that it is high time some practical steps were taken for securing land for a cemetery. Suitable plans ought to be prepared, and the work of planting, road- making, and ornamentation commenced. For many years the matter has been under considera tion, and although it was distinctly under stood that the West- terrace Cemetery must be closed the question has remained in abeyance. Mr. Cotton's Ministry pur chased land near Islington for a site, but the present Government has resolved to utilise this purchase for railway workshops. The improvement of the West-terrace Cemetery has been checked by the expec tation which has been entertained for yean past that it would be dosed. Much has been needed to be done; but the edict having gone forth that the cemetery must be closed there has been little encourage ment for the expenditure of money. One of the most urgent improvements has been the erection of a mortuary chapel in which funeral cervices could be conducted. Minis ters of religion have frequently complained of the inconvenience and danger to health and life consequent upon conducting funeral services in die open air. Nor without reason have they complained, for to remove their hats in an atmosphere of 150 degrees and with the sun blazing down upon their heads is an extremely dangerous course. Neither is it much less disagreeable nor without danger to clergymen and mourners to stand in the wet day of the cemetery in niinj weather and during a lengthened funeral service. Whilst, therefore, it has been eminently desirable that a mor tuary chapel should be erected it could hardly be expected that any Ministry would b2 inclined to place money upon the .Estimates for such a pur pote, with the existing uncertainty as to how toon after the completion of the boild" in? the cemetery might be closed. The re port of the superintendent of cemeteries being to the effect that four years hence the hud at West-terrace will all be taken up is the Government's justification for early action, and it is to be hoped that whatever silt! may be eventually selected negotiations will be completed without delay. The motion of Mr. Parsons which was carried in the Assembly, "That the &ite; of the new cemetery should be connected with the city of Adelaide by railway before the cemetery is opened" was a step in the right direction and will be a guide to the Government in its action. On this question the members of the House were all but unanimous. Con necting the new cemetery with the city by rail and the running of funeral trains will be the means of removing many old pre judices, and will have a tendency to pro- ■ mote funeral reform. There is no virtue in travelling at a slow pace iv sombre mourning coaches, nor in many of the other paraphernalia of grief, and the sooner these things give place to brighter ideas and practices the better. So long as the new cemetery is connected with the city by rail it need not be a matter of much con cern whether it be east, west, north, or south ef Adelaide. Yet there are a few things that ought to be kept in miod in the selection of a site. One is that it should neither be too near nor too far from the city. In the course of the recent debate Goodwood was referred to as affording a suitable site. For sanitaij reasons cemeteries are now used instead of churchyards, and for such reasons Goodwood is unsuitable as being too near the city. It is no great stretch of the imagination to suppose that in the course of the next half century most if not I all the suburbs may become populous towns, in which case a cemetery in a closely contiguous suburb would be aa. bad &£ the extension of the existing ce^netery- Still the distance of the new cemetery should not be too great. Salisbury b*B been named, as have ako various places from thence to Dry Creek. A distance of ten er twelve miles may fairly foe con sidered too great, notwithstanding that Sydney has been represented as having ita cemetery fourteen miles from that city. Further, the cemetery ought to be ac ceesible by a good road as well ea by railway. For come time to come there will doubtless be a civs of persons who will be prejudiced against co great an innovation as funerals by rail way, and there v no necessity for harshly despising their prejudices. Those who prefer a slow pace, and to be drawn by torses rather than by steam, seed not be compelled to travel twelve or fourteen m?efl whilst suitable sites are within easy xeac? <f town. For economical considerations also the distance of the cemetery shooid not be too great. It is very desirable to lessen the cost of funerals both in time and money. Mourners and their frieffa, espe cially when of the industrial classes, should not be subjected to needless expenses. Nor should that large class of persons be over looked who make it a eervice of affection or religion to pay frequent visits to die graves of their friends. A long distance would make such visits prohibitive by reason of the expense. In laying out a cemetery which may fee used for nearly a couple of centuries to come, it should be an object make it attractive and an educational power m the I land. Planting end beautifying, under tits direction of a qualified landscape gardener, ought to be a first consideration. For this purpose proper soil should be obtained. Eocky ground in which trees would have to struggle for a miserable existence should not be thought of; the planting to be done is for generations yet un-born, and we are under an obligation to the future citizens of Adelaide to do the work welL A mor tuary chapel, which should not only be utilised for religions services but ought to be an ornament, should be & feature of the new cemetery. Sculpture might alto be made to contribute something for the education and gratification of the tastes «f the viators. Xho present cemetery is not very striking in regard to tie character of its monuments, but as the citizens grow in wealth this matter wQI no doubt receive more attention. But the beautifying of a metropolitan cemetery with attractive statuary should not be left enthely to private benevolence and affection. The wealthy might be appealed to for help, but the citizens ought to take a pleasure in beautifying what has been «o expressively described as "God's acre." Tae C&mpi; Santi of Italy with their statues, baareliefs, and altars, the beautiful Gottes ackers of Germany, the elegant cemeteries of Phila delphia and New York, not to speak of Abney Park and Kensal Green in Knrfyifl contribute not a little to the ciucuion of the people in the fine arts and in aesthetic tastes, and afford valuable leesons for South A ustralia'ra in any future work that may be undertaken in this direction. Another object to be kept ii mind in securing a site is the nature of the gawd, which whilst adapted for horticultural pur poses, should neither be too tockey run too fewampy. She incoiirenience and expense associated with ricking through rotitj Uaj has been experienced in one or mere of our country cemeteries, it has been argued that adopting the site neat the Stockade would only involve a few "J"l1ii?g? «rtrm outlay in the sinking of a grave, but a few shillings multiplied by a thousand, or two thousand, die probable number of annual interments that may be looked for in the course of a few years, would amount to a fymsiriffflfojft earn, which would coos be Eumci?nt to pay both capita! and iotenet expended in the construction of a branch from any of the exktiog railways. It is not of less importance that the coil should not be swampy or of a epongy nature, and great care mast be taken to avoid the danger ef tm?mmi(ilng germs of flintn.no through the selection of a wn-abnrhent sofl, and to protect €be health of mourners against long etandUig on swampy ground. With no interest in rival sites we sincerely hope that what ever locality maybe finally adopted it will bewithm easy distance of the city by rail and road, and that suitability of soil will be kept in view; so that the last resting-place provided for the people of Adelaide may be laid out in harmony with modern jif^ and may be made " a thing of beamy," even i£the associafons which cluster roouda cemetery* prevent it from becoming " a joy 1 or ever." Uxs Majesty the Emperor of all theSassiaa is repotted to be meditating final tetare inent, whether from the world itself or only bom the very uneasy seat in it which he occupies, is not very clear. On one day wa have telegrams announcing ids semrahdica tion upon various "?**""ifl??Tal conditions? on another hie deious illness is flashed all over the world. Hie is plainly aboat to seek refuge from his troubles, and he eeem? undecided betwixt matrimony and the grave. If ever on this rii«t«?4't(? l | planet of ours a human being had reason for desperate resolves the present Csar has. Haine in one of his more lunatic moods professed to doubt whether the wodd was not" the monster jest of some great Arintophfuinn in heaven;" and no more striking example of what may be called tha irony of human life than is offered by die position of the Emperor of Russia can well be imagined. Wealth and power are the two chief objects of human desire, and no one living possesses these in larger measure than the Czar. He has the largest civil list in the wodd; hu will covers a wider area, and is more absolute over that area than the will of any other living ruler. He is the greatest and richest of autocrats. More power lies in his hands more money flows into his pockets than Ss known to the hands or pockets of any other eon of Adam. Yet, perhaps, no other living maa is co little to .bejenvied. His case no doubt proves that an emperor takes a deal of killing; but upon what other un happy wretch in existence have so many attempts to kill been wf^sted? It was an. effort of scarcely extravagant humor which made Mark Twain, or some other American wit, describe the Emperor as being obliged •as a standing precaution to confine *?""mjf o a diet ot American tinned meats t% scape poison. Each meal is literacy (ooked at the point of the bayonet. Tae shadow of poison lies on every mouthful ha «ats;the ghost of a nomination hovers over all Uadmana and haxnts Ida eiwy atop. A hatch wit, deacrOnng tin corona tion fvxmman ot Alennbr L, said few — rahiil to tha thnoo preoeded ly Ws father's snassuu and foUawed by hit owb. And ti? permanent folttioal eooatitation of Suds aught be dweribed as % deapotiam tempered by —mbaitsMi. The atmoaphera of piaic •ad peril in which the Emporot morea and iraathos v strikunjiy t?iiatnted by the •anati<ra of his recent journey to Livadia. ft took 10,000 men to tranaportrlia Majesty IsaafatviHiroMlOO mila« of hia own terri tory f An English piper aaya—«Dj*es irere fixed for toe Csar'a departure and as MMtwtiy changed. Imperial trains were kali in readiness, and every preparation ■lada on each of the three routes by which it b possible to reach the Crimea from the north. Although the Emperor only left St. Petersburg on Sunday evening, yet from tha early dawn of Saturday the whole ex tent of 400 miles which the railway Inverses frjm St. to Moscow Was already lined with an army «f soldiers, peasants, policemen, and gendarmes. Posted at regular intervals of •bout 120 yards, tod watching bonfires which they warn inatrncted to keep alight from dusk to dawn, some 9,000 peasants pawed many long and weary hours guard ing the iron toad between the two capitals. Strange mast have been the reflections of the majority of these uneducated Moojtk? M, staff in hand and official placard of iden tity on the breast, they watched the flight «f the timid successor of the terrible Czar Nicholas, The expense and trouble of the arrangeae&ta; which wen made can only be justified by the unhappy condition in which the persecuted Emperor is placed. Independently ot the th«na?.i?d4 ot peasants who were dragged from their Tillages in the vary middle of their most important labors in securing the harvest, the number of soldiers stationed v sentries cannot ' have been leas than ten per mile, and to thaw ware added tha entire force of police and gendarmes from every town on the route. It can be no exaggera tion to my that 40,000 men wwre consi dered Decenary, and wan pastel along the railway between St. Petersburg and Sim phero to watch over tin Czar's safety.* Tet even these elaborate precautions were •ii but defeated. Two mines were after wards discovered beneath the line over which the Emperor travelled, and some accident alone prevented their explosion. It takes a military operation of the first magnitude to get His Majesty ia safety from one part of his own dominions to another! TU« irony of the situation is heightened by the circumstance that the preseat Rjmaaoff if the best of his line. Toe one great philanthropic achievement of Russian history, the emaacipatioa of the serfs, it esclatmly his act. The Bourbon whose head fell in the Place de la Revolu tion reaped the harvest ancestral hands Tiler than his own had sown. And the present Czar is really drinking the cup •ungled by tha sias of his predecessors. The Russian throne carries with it an evil ' inheritance of tyranny. Despotic rule is a i wrong to human nature. It is fatally out ] of harmony with the modern world, and With all die moat active forces of modet j Civilisation. A despotism like that of j Buasia, amid the democratic politics of the | aineteeath century, resembles an iceberg, j Carried by the Gulf Stream into tropical fleas. It la bathed in a disintegrating •lament. This fatal discord with iv own environments is one fundamental reason of (he throes that are shattering the great Northern Empire. Moreover Russia is honeycombed with a ««?!■■(> corruption that extends from the Emperor's throne to the peasant's hut, and every when makes av?est government or wholesome national Ufa impossible. The dictatorship of General Malikoff has undoubtedly relieved tin intolerable strain of the situation, and this because all bis measures have been in the direction of con cession and relaxation. His policy has been not so much to multiply the penalties of crime as to lessen the motives for iv com miUid. He has given more freedom to the Russian Press, lessened the number of exiles, and made the secret police lees of a terror and a horror to the public imagi na tion. Nothing is so fruitful of crime as despair; and the mood of Russia previous to the Melikoff reginU was that of well aiph frantic despair. The recent Dictator has certainly cooled the fever that burned so fiercely in the veins of the nation; but it Bisy well be doubted whether any perma nent relief is possible on any terms short of a complete change in tha rery type of the political constitution of Russia. Andthatt w<\- may be sure, will be accomplished only at a tragical cost and by titanic struggles Bleat.while one more ominous feature is added to the situation by the reported failure of the Russian harvest. Hunger is a political force of die first magnitude. It only needs great commercial aad social distress to inflame to madness every other •listing element of mischief. This tragedy of a dying empire, whit* fa befog transacted wider the coM skies of the north, has plainly not yet reached its last act. The John Elder, which left Adelaide on ■epteaaber M, arrived at Plymouth on Norem her*. AnniTemry wrrica* in connection with the Bamaphiwa Baptist Ohnrah wiU be com atenoed to-aMraew, whan the Ben. W. Clare and W. a. Price will officiate, aad will be continued •a Tueedey kf tea awl paMic maetuigs. Mr. B. Cameron, J.P., of Kapunda, has •obmdM to aowtwt the m*yotu*j «f that ?nnictpaUl7. The pwapt awor of OUw. Mr. Ktotwr, baa nfaaadto aUoa-fauaaelf to be again MBttafeadfortheoffioe. Then ia little fnditoisport is connec- Mcnwitlitbaateikssat Belatr. Seraral of the ■mb antanim tb? «amp* for Port Angiiata, tod«. MoUUagha.y.ttrw.piwd brt-eea tb« strssun** —•«*•••*■—• TJwfollawiMr pwaengerf hare booked tDleavabf tbaOriantstaamat Oriaot, whioh it f? Mil terntb. B«apfaoi« tuTaetan^a,- HfM /sad awl Mk. E. A. llattawL in •toaaloPB; Mr.an 4 MnZiber a^Mr. oTpip« |a Ilia aooond uJaon; and about 10 in tba «toera«*. Tha Chriatiaa Church, HlodouLnh, will •alabratetteaanivcnarref the Snndaj-Mhool ■esaaotad with tha ohnrafa b>Bwrro« aad Mon aV aeat. On Monday there will be a Mheol Stafeo? the gnwnda of 8b John Marphett. W* ham been aakad to direct attention fe*" taetthat the picnic will atart from the gmdmanh batttnte et BJO aA,and not from / •?? ohapala* ISO.ai Hated ia adrartjasaunta fKbiolihaf* appeared. A coraeaondent informs ua that on Vaeafta^lM^P^Ua amt jddad in aoUd yellow Craters, having all the appearance of eea washing, and affordmg evidence of an upheavel at some time or other. Similar pebbles, be I states, saay be foand en the sandhills near Haattanaa, and at Mount Bryan. Tim subject w *j££e"ll* «"•**««* *? ? *?? possession «f Mr. Giles, manager for Or. Norman, Crafers. The members of the Norwood Wesleyan Chawh have presented their pastor, the Bey. D.OTJonneU, with a proe of £20 on the occa sion of his departure en a holiday visit to Mejbeume. Mr. J. Pippin, who made the IWMWtirion on behalf of the subscribers, ex pressed a hope that Mr. and Mrs. O'Donnell would enjoy their trip. Mr. 01)0011611 spoke of his grest surprise at this additional mark of toe affection sad esteem of his people, ana thanked them vary sincerely far their kind present. The board of management and finance eommitfee of tbe Adelaide Children's Hospital met at the institution on Thursday, November 4, for business. The Hon J. Ojltoo presided, and there was a fair attendance of members. Various routine matters were attended to, in cluding the induction of the new secretary, Mr. B. O. Mormaa, disposal of country and other letters, and passing accounts for the month amounting to £118 5s Bd. It was decided to call a special meeting immediately to arrange for the ferthroming annual meeting. We have received from Mr. Woodman a copy of <* The Exhibition Album," p 'bluhed by Glen kCo (Melbourne. The album contains a pretty ballad, "Golden Moments," The Man chester Schottische," song, "Good night;" "The Fledemwt's Lancers," introducing all the popular airs in that opera; the charming tonor song, '■Betray me not," from "The Hermit's BeU;" the - Stolen Kisses Walts;" a ballad, "Farewell, Love's chain is broken;" and "Tbe Melbourne Exhibition Quadrilles," arranged by Harcourt Lee, introducing a number of popular aba. The following is Friday morning's weather report on tbe Adelaide and Port Oswwhi TViiypli Liner—SootUport, oaUn, clear, fine; Tarn Oreek, N.W., dear, fine, thunderstorm yesterday; Pine Creak, N.W, clear fins; Biver Catherine, calm, dear, doll; Daly Waters, calm, clear, fine; Powell Greek, N, clear, fine; Tennaut Oreek, calm, clear, ins; Barrow Creek, N, dear, fine; Alice Springs, a*., dear, fine; Charlotte Waters, B.K, dear.fine; Peake, S, dear, fine; Strangways Springs, S.K, dear, fine; Banna, S.B, dear, fine; Bel tana, Nuclear, fine. The following telegram has been re ceived by the Postmaster- General from the telegraph stationmaster at Fort Darwin: — " Three more men arrived at Blsey Gamp on ths Ist of November from Borketown, also four yesterday. The second two also i arrived at the camp of a clearing party in Beper Oreek, and state that they were attacked by natives about twelve miles from j Blsey Gamp, on Saturday night, October 30, aud that a Uaekboy who was with them received a , severe wound on his thigh from a Urge stone ' spear. The boy was left behind with same other men, who have bollock-drays with them, and he is not expected to recover." We are requested by Mr. Crawford Pear ttt^theseeretary «f the Salt Creek Petroleum Company, of which tbe required capital has been contributed, to notify that the company has purchased a Pierces artesian well drilling machine, which it Is intended shall be for warded to the scene of operations on the Ooo roag by tbe first steamer. Before doing so, however, the directors for their own satisfac tion, and at the request of the aoenta, Menrs. IL Marwood & Co. to afford the "public an op portunity of inspecting the machine at w«rk. have arranged to give an exhibition of its work i;it on Mouday afternoon, when tho« interested iv horiug are invited to attend. The michine w.l! be worked by one of Roby & Son's two hdr*e poner engines. Tbe feLam fi^ht to take place on the iiii'ce of WaJes's Birthday is likely to be a feat success. The attacking forces, consisting oi the cavalry, two 12-pound Whitworth fftins, p?>t«f A battery under Captain Fiveasb, the Ad Uide &ifle;? ( except theOawler and Kspunda companies (Lieut.-Colonel Fttzroy in command), aad the S.A. National Bine Association, with the bind, will parade at 9JO aon. on that day. Toe ■'•-fording forces, commanded by Lieur. Colonel Matbews, and consisting of four 16-paund guns, A Battery and B Battery with carbines, under Major Otexton, and the Gawler and Kapunda companies of the Adelaide Bifles, uider Major • Ttapmaan, will panda at 10 ajn. Forty rounds of ammunition per gan and the same quantity per asaa wul be issued. The defending forces will be in readiness for attack at 2.45 pjn. The second annual exhibition in connec tion with the Public Schools Floral Society was fceld at the Town Hall on Friday. November 5. The exhibition was opened at 1.49 by Miss King, when the Hon. T. King, Minister of Educa tion, addressed the audience The exhibits in cluded flowers, cut and ia pats, fancy aad plain needlework, writing, drawing, and mapping, and a number ot miscellaneous exhibits. The com petition in almost every section was Urge, aud as a rule reflected great credit on the ehSdren and their teachers. In the evening a promenade concert was given, in which the Grote-etreet Model School pupils sang some choruses under the leadership of Mr. Clark, aad Mr. W. B.Kuox contributed selectioos on the organ. During the afternoon the attendance numbered about I^o3, aud in tbe evening over L^OOattondei. A sum of £8S was taken at the doors. A rather interesting medical case is re ported trom Hmdmarsh. It appears that some days ago a child swallowed a pieoeot spear-grass, aad being in almost a suffocated state, the psxants obtained medical aid. On Wednesday last Dr. Bees was called in, and upon an exami nation of the chud, he detected between the fifth and sixth ribs on the right-hand side • small apsrtara, from which a slight quantity of pas was ending. On prolonging the opening of the aperture, about two tablespoouf ula of pus caste oat, and on passing npaproba tbe doctor landed be could detect the cause of the trouble. The forceps were then passed into the wouud, and the puses of spear-grass was removed. Tbe singularity of the case U, that tbe grass shoaU have psawd from the glottis into the cavity of tne lung, and it seenu a fortunate thing that the gtass was discovered before some mure serious consequences bad set in. Ibe following day the child was able to sit np, and is last regaining its health, although on Wednesday it htJaU tat apprarascea of asphyxia. The half-jearlj dinner in connection with tht Lterby Lodge of Orangemen was held at the v.'tiiington Inn, Carrie-street, on Friday eveu ii't-', >'oveai!*r 5. About 40 members sat dowu tM &v; excelient repast furuUhed by host Fer j.u?od. Tl c chair wasoccapied by 8.-o. B. P. fciui'gs, P.O.S, who was supported by Bro. the l.cv. Jas. I'oUitt, chaplain of the lodge. Bra i IX. Coulter occupied tne vice-chair. Toe loyal v acts were duly honored. The toast of the i t-murtal I'riuce William of Orange was drunk in s: l*nce." Prosperity to the Derby Lsdge" was next submitted, and was wdl received. The chaplain said he was sorry that owing to old age he was But able to meet them oftener. Ireland wai the mother of Oraogeism, and at one time winu she was the gem of tbe ocean a great mwy young people were sent there from England to be frinested. It wss only when the Pope tried to levy various impositions on the Irish people that Ireland lost her freedom and her beauty. Us spoke of theprinciptos of Orangeism, and explained that it was the sworn doty of each Orangeman to help a brother in want. Other toasts followed, aad the evening was pleasantly a pent, several of tbe brothers contributing we:l known Orange and other songs. A deputation of citizens of Gawler Ward, consisting of Councillor Sanders, Messrs. M. J. Solomon, W. T. Flint, I>. fiobin, J. J. Green, Saul Solomon, Joan aad Walter Bir mingham. J.H. Horwood, J. Lyons, W. Wnit lcek, J. H. Solomon, jun., B. Harris, and others, waited on Councillor Hagedora on Friday, No vember 5, at his office, to ask him to allo* him stlf to be again nominated ac councillor for Gawler Ward, Councillor Sanders introduced the deputation and spoke in high terms of praise as to Mr. Hsgedora's fitness to represent the ward, stating that he bad no idea till he entered the council of the amount of wjrk'and time that he had devoted to tbe interests of the ward. Several other gentlemen having spoken, expressed their wish that Councillor Hagedora would again consent to stand for the position which he bad for so many years filled with credit to himself and satisfaction to thecitisena. Oouneillor Hagedom, in reply, intimated that had he only to consult his own wishes and incli nations he would say no to their flattering re quest, but as he had a desire to see the ward improved, and as there were still many works in tbe ward that he had initiated which he would like to see carried out, he would with pleasure again devote bis time and attention to the inte rests of the ward. There are now on tww in the window of Mr. J. Williams, stationer, King William-street. tWS ESS*"?!?!' ** work Mr. fl. J. Jphnstoue, and while tbe artist cans** be said to have ex celled bis former efforts, there is no doubt he has succeeded in producing two exquisite little pictures. It needs but a very casual glance to determine that English scenes are represented fscthe paintings are thoroughly euggestive of the old country in the bright springtime. Toe first picture, "At Little UaAnr," is a perfect gem. There is en old-fashioned farmhouse, with iteroof of thatch, surrounded by towering trees and • well kept hedge. In the fore ground raw a winding amain mteag whose banks the Immrimnt vegetetio? flourishes, while the green plot of beautiful gran coming down to the water's edge is admirably worked oat. It is needless to say- Oat the water effcjti are all that otrald be dc ired,for if there is one department in his art in which Mr. Johnstooe espeoislly excels Bis the representation of some limpid stream on whose fair bosom the shadow* of objects near at band are oast. The nert pic ture represents a portion of the Thames below Great Marlow, and here the artist seems toharo most faithfaUy reproduced tbesoene. The trees on the river banks, their shadows on the water, and the reflections cast by the rays of the dying sun, make Hp a picture replete with those effects the artist knows so well how to produce. Toe sum asked for the pictures is so moderate that there ie no doubt they will soon find purchasers. We have had an opportunity of seeing a photograph of an allegorical design, done with pen and iik by Mr. J. McK. Meek, of Auckland, now on a visit to this colony. At first sigh -. the picture presents itself chiefly as a monument of iuduttry and manual dexterity, but a closer in- I spection shows that in addition to this the teachings of Cbrivt are brought before the eye in an exceedingly ingenious and attractive style, the whole forming a very desirable " Chrisfciau's keepsake." The foundation of the whole design are the words," If ye then being evil know ho« to give good gifts onto your children, how much more thall jour Father, winch is ia heaven, give good things to them that a«k Him? Behold the fowls of the air; they sow not, neither do they reap nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they ? Therefore whatsoever ye would that men should do to you do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the pro- I&ets.;" Springing from the ground at each side are two huge trees with the roots exposed show ing that the character represented is Christian. On the roots are inscribed appropriate passage] of Scripture. Amongst the boughs o( the trees, which also bear scriptural references, are dis posed as fruit the various Christian grace*. Several boughs an shown as cut off, and these are typical of the words,"every branch in me that beareth not good fruit He taketh away," &c.; The discarded members with the vices they result in are shown at the foot of the trees with serpents intertwined. On the trunk of one bee appears the Lord's Prayer, while the other carries the Sermon on tbe Mount, terminating in a sketch of the two houses, one of which was built upon the rocks, the other upon the sands. The boughs of the two trees incline together at the top to wards "the all-seeing eye," under which are the words "There is no night there." Attached to the ornamental border is an epen book, con taining an extract from the burial service, and under this and between the two trees is a representation of Christ crucified, surrounded with a wreath composed of sixty-two leaves, each of which bears one of the names applied to Christ in tbe Scriptures. Mr. James Rote, who has for a great many years been the manager of the Port branch o* tto 8. A. Carrying Oo.'s business, wat made the recipient of a very handsome presenta tion at Bart Adelaide on Friday morning, No vember & Mr. Bofe, since he has been com pelled to resign his position owing to the com pany fcaving wound op, has deierotiaed to start at Port Adelaide on his own account in the same business, and a n amber of bis friends and others connected with him in business decided to prescut him with a valuable gold wateb, albert, and lo^fcet Mr. T. H*ck, JJ. (Mayor of i'ort Adelaide), in making the presentation, said the preseuc w*s Uiog made on besalf of mxay ag«uU and v ercnaute in the fort, whose connection with Mr. Kote had always been katisfactory and pleasant ia evtry way. He himme<t had kaum ilr. Kofe before he eaine to Port Adelaide, aad ever since, and he had alwsjg uand Lini anxious toUo bis duties in the best and n.ost ready manner pjisible. Tnu p-jsiti ia had involved a large amount of respoosibi iiy and oitbcnity, and in discharging hi* duties he had not oniy steered clear of makiug enemiea ia tbe Port, but Lad contrasted a'msit universal friendship. Kow that the coapaov was dis solved, and that the business would"have to be It ft to print* persons, they oongratuUted them selves on the fact that Mr. Kofe intended to re train with them and establish a business on his own account, and it wat their wish that he would be saocea?ful in bis effort. He had much pleasure in handing the watch, albert, and locket to Mr. Bofe, They were given with tbe greatest heartiness, and as a mark of the esteem in which he was held by all connected with him in the Port. Mr. H. C. B. Muecke, J.P., cor dially endorsed tbe previous speaker's remarks. They would all agree that Mr. Kofe had been in a very difficult position, and he really did not knew bow he had managed to get through his multifarious duties. He ooold say as one of the directors of the company that they had be*n tLoroughly satisfied witti the way be had managed their business, and that be bad won lrom them their respect and esteem. He mentioned that the present would have been each larger, but it was decided that tbe sub scription should be strictly confined ta those intimately associated with Mr. Bofe. In reply, Mr. Bofe expressed his surprise and gratitade at tbe presentation, and thanked those gentlemen v.bo had so kindly contributed to it. It was a d.nree of much satisfaction to him to know that be had been la tbe company's employ so long, and also that he had won the esteem of those • itii whom be had been brought into contact. Amongst others he particularly thanked Mr. Uuecke for the promise of support he had previously made. He felt extremely thankful to all these concerned in the presentation, and |be hoped that his future earner would oommand ti.-e regard and esteem which it seemed be had low gained. The company then dispersed. On Friday evening, November 5, Captain Ferguson delivered a lecture in the Grote ii rett Model School on "Outposts," Torre was a good attendance of members of tbe Volunteer Force and Bine Association. The duties of out potu were described by Captaiu 1-ergussoa as being to fcdard an army or detachment against raiprise or other dangers, and to give notice of an enemy's motions. These objects were at tained by (I) checking the enemy's advance l-jng enough to eiiable ibe army so prepare for ctictcr, (Zy by giviug coeiiJeuce to cite iroopa coLJi>oeiug tbe main body from their ooo^oious n-tol security both lrom attack aud otnerra tion, and (3; by obtaining information of the ttit?.y's movements. Infantry were neceuary to give the resistance required to an advance of a uoe of outpotU; cavalry were required to ;ol kct and tiabsmit intelligence from the front; artillery, if added, would usually be with the n stive, wbete the guns sboald be placed so as to covt-r the retreat ot the advanced portion of the cutpuste, or fceld in readiness near a main route. Vi ten guns could be secured agaiust surprise tt>ey might be ported near the front lice either out of tbe range of the enemy's mutketty-are or protected from it by skirmishers thrown out in advance Tbe nature of the country determined whether infantry or cavalry were better suited for outpostduty. Atnigbt infantry replaced cavalry. Infantry aud cavalry should never bs inter mingled in one line, bat the U'ter might co operate with the former by taking up more adranoed positions, or where infantry coufd not be sent without risk. With regard to position, outposts should cover the front and overlap the fluJts of the mam body, the general front run ning along some well-defined feature, which &)ou!d contribute to • good resutaneaandaa extended view. The strength of an outpost f; culd be limited to the smallest number con t'tei^t with security, seldom exceeding a sixth c f the whole force. It should not be so far off as tj be in danger of being cut off by the <a f my, or so near as to be driven in on the at niy before it had time to form up. Outposts consisted of (1} pickets^from which are Bup jor ted sentiiet, vedettes, patrols, and detached pots, (3) supports, (3) reserves. When the iorce was small, or when tbe main boJy bivouacs in a defensive position, the reserve might be dispensed with. The commander of the out posts should receive instructions from die com mander of the force as to the general line of front, the exact ground to be occupied by each, the position and probable movements of the enemy, the directions in which to patrol, con duct under attack, defences to be thrown up, flags of trace, reports, &c.; Two systems of outposts existed—the eordonand patrol. In the «ngli«h army a combination of both was adopted. By the first a line of sentries prevented any passage by the enemy, while the second by con stant patrolling made it almost impossible for any considerable force to penetrate to the main body. In foggy weather or at night the chief reliance should be placed upon tbe patrol system. The number of outposts was always dependent on the number of approaches to be watched. Captain Ferguson Chen dealt with the details of placing sentries and the points to be observed by officers in charge, patrols, their constitution, work, and position, and concluded by a reference to the conditions to be observed in all cooking, eating, feeding and watering arrangements. A largely-attended meeting of builders and others interested in the Dry Creek stone trade wee held at Ford's Hotel, fort Adelaide, en Friday afternoon, November S, to consider the difficulty of procuring stove in consequence of the insufficiency of trucks. Mr. E. Hor^y, ' who oocupied the chair, having explained the object' of the meeting, Mr. H. Wilke said that there had always been a great difficulty in get- Hag a proper supply of trucks to convey atone from Dry Oreek to the Port, and considerable inconvenience and expense bad been caused in consequence. During the last three months, although there was any quantity of atone at the quarries, he had been unable to supply any bal last at all to vessels in harbor, tbe Government not supplying sufficient trucks for the builders. In August last 7SI tracks were allowed him, 411 of which were for supplying stone to the Government and 340 to private persons. This quantity was not half enough to keep the builders alone going, and he then applied to the Government to allow him more. Tbe reply he got was that as soon as the double line was com pleted more trucks would bepiaeed at his disposal. In September he had only 415 trucks to supply both tbe public snd tbe Government, being 333 kss than in the previous month. In October he had 469,0f which 77 were for the Government, and 392 far the public. The average number ' of trucks supplied per day for esnveying stone for building and road purposes to Port Adelaide was 14 5, and they could imagine how short this number was of that required wken he told them that he bad all along iia-l orders whinh would fill over 36 trucks per day. He had at preont r.bout SG mcD working rt the qnarrjps, but un- Ksc mure trucks weie placed uuuu the lice he would have to dUpeuce with tbe services of half cf tlx-h .As it w&s; he had ouly boa able to beep tl-ci: at work part of the mouth. H> ccrsi^n i <1 •■ he matter was a public oue. as there were bundfeo'tof men employed io tbe building j trade who would be thrown ont of work if the supply of stone failed. The Governiront were conrtructirg railway lines throughout tbe colony, but it seemed to him that they had forgotten to correspondingly increase the number of trucks. He believed that if sufficient trucks for the traffic were placed on the line it would be one of the bast paying in cue colony. He did not know exactly -what the number required was, but if be was allowed SO trucks a day he would not then have sufficient to supply the shipipng. Mr. Gale (manager to Mr. Wilke) said that the Stockade always had precedence over the private quarries During the last fortnight he had had enly ten tracks supplied him, though they required more than that every day. Mr. Wilke said he believed the trucks wereequally divided, and if so they could not complain. However it might be there were only ISO trucks an the line to supply both his quarries and those at the Stockade, which was nothing like sufficient. Mr. T. Parker (Port Adelaide town surveyor) asked if the Government were common carriers as private railway companies were, because if so they would be bound to carry the material. Mr. Beattiewas of opinion that tbey were not. Sir. Cleave said that tbe Stockade could net supply the builders with all the stone required, even if they had the trucks. Mr. H-Hargravethought that if the matter was properly represented to tbe Government they would put on ths line a proper quantity of tracks. Mr. Parker spoke as to the inconvenience experienced by the cor poration on account of the scarcity of trucks. Mr. Gale mentioned that a similar diffionlty occurred in Melbourne some time sinee,buton 1 the matter being brought before tbe Victorian Government tenders were invited for supplying truck*, and within two months over 300 were plated on the lines. It was then resolved, on tbe motion of Mr. Beattir, seconded by Mr. Hargrave—"That a deputation consisting of builders and ethers interested in the traffic. with the mayor and tbe members fur tbe iis dihtrict, wait upon the Commi nioner of Public Works to urge upon bim tbe necessity of placing more trucks on the line for carrying buiMing materials from tbe Dry Creek quarrie:, anc in ibe event of th*ir being no trucks avail al'U-. that he would at euci call for tenders for cic^tructing them. TLe annual gport* iv connection with the Adelaide Giammar School are to tale fi'trt tliefootof Moufcfiore Hill this aficr -1 ?<e following are the cricket fixtures f.>r t't O\al to-day:- Kent v. S"uth Australian, Sou'b Adelaide v. Keoiii gton. Members of the I'ort Adelaide Rowing Ciuu art- requested by advertisement to be at tl eir bo?tsbt-d a> 2 o'clock sharp, this afternoon, to joiu in the procession in connection «iUi the Eouth Australian Yacht Glub. Mr. Matthew Burnett will hold his third mars meeting at Port Adelaide tbis evening. It will be preceded by the usual torchlight proces sion, tbe Magill Band assisting. Dr. Bollan will preside. There was a moderate attendance at Gamer's Theatre on Friday evening to witness Profrssor Pepper's spectral illusions and other amusing exhibitions, all of which were ecthuai asticallv received. The last popular concert of the season ia to be givtn in the Town Hall this evening, when a host of favorites win appear. These are Madame Robertson, Moos. Jules Metlban, 8.A., Mcmts.F. Winterbottom. B.A.M ,G. Kobertson, H. G. Nash, T. Narroway. and T. H. Jones. There are now on view at Marshall's music rooms the balance of pictures in Mr. Stock's art union, and these include a nutabsr of well-painted views of scenes around Ade laide. Tbe drawing for this art union is likely to take place in a week or two. The firing for places in the rifle team which it is intended to send over to Melbourne at the end of this month to compete in the in tercolonial rifle contest will be continued at Fulbam to-day. Omnibuses will leave tbe Glebe Hotel at 9 am. for the range. It is expected that the team will be selected by Monday. The monthly meeting of the South Aus tralian Tacit Club was held at the Ship lon, Purt Adelaide, on Friday evening, Novembar 6. There was a f>ir attendance of members. Mr. R. Hooey (vice- commodore) presided. The Hon. W. H. Bundey, M.P. (commodore), sent an apology for£his absence. Tbe Hon. Sir W. Milue wrote, offering bis yacht Hygeia as a fl \g. ship at the opening day's proceedings. The boo. BLcxttary of the Melbourne Yacht Club for warded particulars of tbe approaching regatta tbere. Tbe competition amongst the yachts Ada, V ivid, Trio, and Philadelphia, and any others tLal might enter to choox- a boat to be sent to ll.ts Melbourne tiegatf, tras fixed for .Voiam^r 20 aud 27. Mr. \\\\\ Ccri-n-- 'scius appuiuted statUr and judge. On Tuesday e\>iiiu<r next an enteruiu metil in to be givcu in tlie Acidcmy of Muaio by tie Uibernicon Dramatic O:ub. aud the pieces ttlected for reprerentation are the drama of the : •'Coiieen .Bawn" and the ammiag farce of "Tte Limerick Boy." On the following even ing these will b ■ repeated at the same plus of amuKjnieat, for the benefit of Mr. J. Kwney, who will, on each occasion, sustain tbe 1 ading cha actcr in each pices. Mr Kooue«\ vn uudar stsnc.bas acquired au excelient repu-a'iiu for bur.; reeentation of tbe patt of Diauy Minn |in ibe "Colleen Eawn." and doubtless not oily will many of his frieu.is be attracted by tLe performance, but a large number of tbe general public will be glad to ste tbe popular play of tbe " Colleen liawn" repeated. After the eiitertaiiiment on Wednesday evening the prizes won at tfaesports ia the Exhibition Grounds on tfcc hoaday will be distributed. The opening of the South A.ustralian Yacht Club season of 1880-1 will take place to day, aud should the weather prove fine the pro ceedings will doubtless attract a large number of i-eitona to Port Adelaide. Tne yachts nave recently been subjected to a thorough overhaul, and do credit both to their owners and to tne Port. Tite procession will start at about half r?Bt^ o'clock in the atteruoon, all hands having to be on board before 2.15. Toe yachts will be anchored in a line from Martin's Point down stiuaci according to sixe, about 80 yards apart, the largurt yacnte nearest tbe Port, with mainsails and gattloptails set. Upon the commodore touting fiiXtl they will weigh in the same order, and ktt-ping the same distance as above follow the commodore's jacht down as far as the New Magazine. On the signal MWQ the yachts will heave-to in such a position that «n receiving ths order lDJtt they may anchor in line abreast under the weather bank ot the river in their former order and position, and gafftopsaus up and ensigns and burgees flying. The com modore's yacht will then weigh, and the yachts will salute the commodore. Upon the com modere's boat returning to her former position she will hoist MLH, when the yachts will get under way simultaneously, and should time allow, be manoeuvred by signal. As the carry ing out of tbe above will depend upon the wind, it is requested that members in charge of ysc&te; will beep a gook look- out for the commodore's signals. No racing will be allowed until the commodore's yacht hank down the code penant, when the yachts will be free to do what they please. The boats belonging to both the Adelaide and Port Adelaide Bowing Clubs will also take part in the proceedings, following the yachts. The procession of boats will be headed by the new eight-oar gig belonging to tbe Port Sowing Clnb,and the other boats will follow two abreast to the North Arm, where the commodore's yacht will sail between the lines, snd will be saluted ss it passes. The Yacht Oiub has secured a iteamer for the conveyance of the members of the clubs and their friends. 