-,'??? suwfmsE.* - . ! .-. Author op .'?' SIadoap ^Violet,'. ' A Princess op :'. : TllULB,' ' TlIRBB FSATHEBS,' &C.;, &O.; ' CuArrim IX.— A. Niaui ih Yemoe. : The solitary occupant of this railway carriage ? was apparently reading; but all the same he looked oftcner at his watch than at his book. At length he definitely shut tho volume, and placed it in his travelling. bag'. Then he let down the carriage-window, and looked out into thenight. ' ; The heavens were clear and calm ; the newly ' risen moon was but a dim crescent of silver ; in the south a large planet was shining. All around him, as it seemed, stretched a vast plain of water, as dark and silent and serene as the overarching ? city. 'Then, far ahead, he could catch a glimpse of a palo line stretching across the watery plain —a curve of the many-arched viaduct along which the train was thundering ; and beyond that again, and low down at the horizon, two or threo minute and dusky points of orango. These lights : wcre.the lights of Venice. This traveller was not much hampered with luggage. When finally the train was driven into .. .. the glare of the station, and tho usual roar and' . confusion began, he took his small bag in his hand -and rapidly made his way through tho crowd. Then out aud down tho broad stono steps ; and into a gondola. In a couple of minutes he was complotely away from all that glare and bustle and noise ; nothing around him but darkness and an absolute silence. Tho city seemed as the City of tho Dead. Tho till anil sombre buildings on each side of tho water-highway were masses of black — blackest of all where they showed against the stars. Tho car sought in vain for any sound of human life ; there was nothing but the lapping of the water along the sido of tho boat, and tho slow, mono tonous plash of the oar. - ?? ?-?- -'? Further and furthor into tho silence and the darkness ; and now here and there a window, close down to the water, and heavily barred with rectangular bars of iron, shows a dull red light ; but there is no sound, nor any passing shadow within. The man who is standing by tho hearse-: like cabin of the gondoln observes and thinks. ThcEO black buildings ; tho narrow, and secret canals : the stillness of the night : aro they not suggestive enough — of revenge, a quick blow, and tho silence of tho grave? And 'cow, as the gon dola still glides on, there is heard a slow and dis tant tolling of bells. The deed is done, then? — no longer ' will tho piteous hands bo thrust out of the. barred window — no longer will tho wild cry 'tor help startle tho passcr-hy in tho night time. And now again, as the gondola goes on its way, anothersound— still more muffled and indis ? tinct— the sound of a church organ, with tho solemn- chanting of voices. Aro they praying for the soul of tho dead ? Tho sound becomes more and more distant ; the gondola goes on its way. , The new-comer has no further timo for these \ idle fancies. At the Rialto-bridgo ho stops tho . . gondola, pays tho-man, and goes ashore. Then, rapidly ascending the steps, he crosses tho bridge, descends tho other sido, and again jumps into a gondola. All this, the work of a few seconds. e But it was obvious he had been expected. Ho gave no instructions to tho two men in this second gondola. They instantly went to work, and with a rapid and powerful stroko sent tho boat along — with an occasional warning cry as they swoptby the entrance to ono or other of tho Bmallcr canals. ; Finally they abruptly left tho Grand Canal, closo by tho Corte d'Apollo, and shot into a narrow opening that seemed little t more than a slit between tho buildings. Hero they had to go moro cautiously ; tho orange light of their lamp shining as they passed on tho empty archways, and on the iron-barred windows, and the slimy steps. And always this Btnmgosilenco in the dead or Bleeping city, and the monotonous plash of the oars, and tho deep low cry of ' Siil premi !?' or ' Sia stali I' to give warning of thtir approach, But, indeed, that warning was unnecessary ; they were absolutely alono in thin labyrinth of gloomy water-ways. At length they shot benciith a low bridge, and stopped at some stops immediately beyond. Hero one of tho mcu, getting out, proceeded to act as guide to tho stranger. They had not far to go. They passed first of all into a long, low, and foulsmclling archway, in tho middle of which was a narrow aperture protected by an iron gate, ?Mio man lit acandlo, opened tho gate, and pre ceded his companion along a passage and up a 'fono Btaircaso. The atmosphoro of tho placo was damp and Bickly ; the stuircaso was notmore . thin thrco foet'in width ; the fceblo glimmer of . ftp candle did but little to dispel tho darkness, Even that was withdrawn ; for tho guide, hay ing knocked thrice at a door, blew out tho candle, and retreated downstairs. 'Tho night is dark, Brother.' ' Tho dawn is near.' lUBtantly the door was thrown open ; tho dark figure of a man was seen against .tho light ; ho Said, 'Comoin ! como in I' and his hand waB 'Publiahca by special axrancemeuts with Messrs'* wmpson, tow aua Co. All rights reserved.. outetrctched. ? The stranger seemed greatly Bur* prised. ' ' ' ' ? ,..; ? ' ' What, you, Calabressa ?' he cxclaimcil. ' Tour tihio has not expired !'.' ' '' ', y.\ ? .'What, no? My faith, I have made it':cx-~ piro !' said the other, airily, and introducing' a rajherbadly_ pronounced French word or two into his Italian. 'But come in— come iu !: Take' a scat; you are early ; you may have to wait.'; : ; Ho was an odd-looking person, this tall,- thin, elderly 'man, with the flowing yellow-white htfir and tho albino eyes. There was a Bomi- military look about hiB braided coat; but on the other hand he wore the cap of a German student— pi purple velvet, with a narrow leather peak. 'He seemed to be proud of his appearance. He had a gny manner. -??'.. ' 'Yes, lam escaped.' Ah, how fine it is I Ypu- walk about all day, as you please; you smoke cigarettes ; you have your coffee ; you goto lopfe at the young English Iadica who come -to if cW tho pigeons in the Place.' „ ? .??.?'[ ; ? He raised two fingers to his lips5; and blew a kiss to;all the world, ji, -.???? . 'Such- complexions ! A wild rose ;in every cheek 1 But listen, now ; this iB not about an : English young lady. I go up to tho Church ;of St;- Mark — beside the bronze ? horses. : I' am. enjoying the. air ..when.I hear a sound ; I turn; over there I eco open windowB; ah! the figure in the white dressing-gown ! It is the diva herself.^ They play the Borbicre to-night ; and she :is practising as she dusts her room. - Una ? vocepoco fa— it trills' all through the square; Sho put the ornaments on the mantelpiece ' straight. L6 giurai, la vinccrol — she goes to tho mirror and makes tHc most -beautiful atti- ' tude. Ah, what a spectacle— the black hair all' down— the whito dressing gown— Io sbno docile' —and again he kissed hiB two fingers. Then he said- ; ';;; ? ? ? ? ? ??-'?? -^O; ? ? 'But now, yon. You do not look ono'day older. And how is Natalie ?' ? . ' ' ' . 'Natalie is well, I believe,' -said theotherj gravoly. . .... '... _ . ? __ ; ? '_.;.J ? 'You arc. a strange man. ..You..have:npta soft heart for Hie pretty' creatures of tho. world y you ore - implacable. The littlo Natalushka, then;' how is sho?' .' . . . ' 'V ' ' The little Natalushka is grown big, now. ; she is .quite a. wgmon.' * - ; ''':? .' ' A woman I She will marry an Englishman, and become very rich'; is i not.that so ?' '.''.'.: 'Natalie — I mean,. Natalushka will not marry,' said the other coldly. ' She knows she is very useful to me.' She knows' I have no other.' ??? '?' ..' ?'?'-. '- . . '?''? ?'?' ' Jfaintenant ; the business— how. goes that?' ? 'Hsewherc, well ; .in. England, not quite so well,' said Ferdinand Lind. 'But: what cauyou' expect? Tho English think they have.no need of . co.-operation, except to get. their groceries cheap.- -Whyj everything. is done in the open air there'.' ? If a scoundrel gets a lash too many in prison', . you have' it .'before Parliament next week.. If a schoolboy is kicked ; by.:his master, you havo all tho newspapers in the ?: country ablaze.' .Tho newspapers govern England.- A penny journal has more power than tho -Com- mander-in-Chidf.'V' . ''' ? , ' Then why do you remain in England ?' : 'It is the safest for me, personally. Then there is most to bo done there. 'Again, it is tho headiiuartcrs . of money. Dp you see, Cala brcssa? Ouo must havo money, or one cannot work.' ..'. . , ' .. , ' -'. ' ' . The albino-looking man lit a cigarette.':, ? '. 'You despair, then, of England?' No, you nevet'despair.' ' 'Thero ia a prospect. The southern Englishman is apathetic ; he is interested only, as I said, in getting his tea and sugar cheap; But the northern Englishman in vigorous. Tho trades' associations in the north aro vast, power ful, wealthy ; but they aro suspicious of anything foreign. Members join us ; tho associations will not. But whatdo you think of this, Calabressa ; if ono were to have the assistance of an English man whoso father was one of the great iron, masters, whose name is well known in tho north, who has a lurgo fortune, aud a strong will ?', ' You have got such a man ?' 'Not yet. Ho ia only a friend. But if I do not misjudge him, he will bo a companion soon. Ho is a man after my own heart; once with ub, all tho powers of the earth will not turn him back.' 'And his fortune ?' ' Howillhelp us with that also, no doubt.' 'But how did it occur to Providcnco to fnrnish you with an assistant so admirably equipped '!' ? ' 'Do you mean how did'I chanco to- find him ? Through a young English lord — an amiable youth, who is a great friend of Natalie's — of WaUiluahka's. WlTy, he has joined us loo ? ' ' An English milord !' 'Yes; but it is merely from poetical sympathy. He is pleasant, and warm-hearted ; but tous not valuable. And he is poor,' ' ? At this moment a bell rang, appareutly in an adjoining apartment. Calabrcssa jumped from his chair, and hastened to a door on his left, which ho opened. A portiere prevented any thing being scon in the chamber boyond. ' Has the summons been auowerc.d ?' a voico asked, from the other side. i 'Yes, air,' said Calabressa. ' Brother land is bore.' . ; 'That is well.' The door was again shut ; and Cahibrcsea re sumed his scat. , 'Brother Lind,' said he, in alow voice, though ho leaned back in liia chair, and still preserved that gay manner, 'Iaupposoyou do not know why you havo been summoned S' . , ' 'Not I.' ' , ' Hi'cn. But snpposo ono were to guess ?' Sup pose there is a gentleman somewhero about who has been carrying his outraging of one's common notions of decency just a littlo too far ? Biipposo it is necessary to make an example? You may bo noblo, and have great wealth, and honor, and smiles from beautiful women ; but if some night you find a littlo bit of etcel getting into your: heart, or if some morning you find your cofTce as you drink it burn all tho way down until you can feel it burn no more— what then ? You must bid good-byo to your mistresses, and to your gold plato and, foasts, and your foun^ tains; spouting pefiumcB, and all your titles ; is not'thotso?'- ?.--..-.?.. . -: : v'.But who is it ?' Baid Lind, suddenly -b'endirig', forward, Tho other regarded him, for a moment,, play fully.;. ' ' ' \- .- '-What if I wero to mention tho ' Starving Cardinal' i' . , . . ??'?'? ZaccatclH !' exclaimed Lind, with a: ghastly pallor appearing fora moment in the powerful iron-grey face. ? ; .Calabrcssa only laughed. ? ? ' Oh, yes, it ia beautiful to have all thcBO fine things. : And the unhappy devils who aro forced : topawn their last sticks of furniture at tho Monte di Pieti, rather than have their children starve when bread is dear : how it- must gratify them to'thmk of his Eminence seising tho funds of that flpurisl|ihg institution to buy up the whole of tlie grain in the Papal States I What an admirable, speculation ? How kind to the poor, on the part ' 'blithe Secretary to the 'Vicar of Christ I What ? i-dpypu think because I am a Cardinal lam not to:mako a profit in corn? I tell you those people, havo no business ^to b!e miserablo j.lhoy hayejio buBinees to go. and pawn their things ? if I am ?allowed to speculate with tho funds, why not ? AUonsilpnc !— it .is a devilish fine world, merry gentlemen !' : , ' 'But-rbut why have they. summoned mo?' Lind said, in the Baine low voice. ' Who knows 5'* said the other, lightly. ' I do not. Come, tell me moro about th« little Natalushka. Ah, do I not..rcmembcr tho littlo minx, when she came in after dinner among! all those men, with her Etfcn- a htea I What has she grown to ? what has she become !' .11. Natalie is a good' girl,''said her father ; bat ihe was thinking of other things. ? ? ;;' Beautiful?' ' . - 'Some would say so.' ' ?' , ? ' ' But not,liko tho English young ladies ?'' : . ? ' Not'at all.' ? ?'? ' .:.'?'.-.' )/ '1 thought not. I remember the black-eyed1 little one — with her pride in Batthyany, and her' : hatred' of Gorgcy.'and all tho rest of it: The . littlo Empress .'—with her proud eyes, and her black eyelashes. Do you remember at Dunkirk, ' ?when old Anton Popozinski met her for tho first time? 'Little Nataldshka, if I wait for you; will you marry me when you grow up';' Then thoquick answer,. 'I am riot to bo called any. longer by my nursery name ; but if you fight for my country,' I will marry you when I grow up.'' :_ Light-hearted as this man . Calabrcssa was;. having escaped from'prison,-and eagerly inclined ' for .chatter, after. so long ;' a spell of enforced silence, he could not fail :to perceive that his com panion was hardly listening to him. ?? ? . 'Mais, nnqn frere, iquoi bon leregarder?' ho said peevislily. ' If it must come, itwillcome. Or is it the poor Cardinal ypupity? Thatwasa good name they invented for him, any way — il cardinuXeaffamatorc.''':- i -Again the bell rang, -. and Ferdinand Lind started.. When ho turned to the door, it was with a look on hiB face' 'of some anxiety and ap- | prehension — a look but rarely seen thero. Then \ the portiere was drawn asido to lot^sorao ono i como through ;.,. at thoisame moment Lind : caught a brief glimpse of a number of men sitting round a Bmoll .table. ' . , ? Tho person who now appeared, and whom Lind saluted with great respect, was a littlo, swallow- I complexioned;.man, with. an' intensely blaok I beard and moustache, and a worn expression : of \ face. He retained Liud's salutation gravely, and said-^ ;i'; .; ??? '?;''? ? : : .' Brother, tho Council thank you for your | prompt answer to the siinimons. Meanwhile, no thing is decided. You will 'attend hero to-nior- ' row. night.!'. ? ? ? 'At what hour, Brother Qranaglia?' : 'Ten. ', 'You * jvilV now- be conveyed hack: to the Eialto stops ; from thence you can got to your hotel.'';;. ;;,;;;.;;;;?;; ;;:',';': . .'? ? | Lind bowed . acquiescence; and tho stranger , padsed again through' the iportiere and disap ?pearcd, . ..'.'..'. !'...'..'..'.';'.'!-.; ... , .-. . : ?€nAPrER-X; — VACILLATIOH. ' Evelyn, I distrust that man Lind.' :. ? The speaker .was Qeorgo Brand, who kept im-* patiently'pacing up and down those rooms of his, : while his friend, with a dreamy look on tho palo ?and 'fino face,' lay back in an easy-chair, and gazed out of the clear panes before him. ' It was night ; ' tho blinds had not been drawn ; and the row of windows, framed by their scarlet curtains, seemed a series of dark-bluo pictures, all throbbing with . points of golden fire. .. 'Is there any ono you do not distrust?' said Lord Evelyn, absently. | ' I hope so. But with regard to Lind ; I had' ! : distinctly to let him know that he must not as- j sumo that I am mixed up in any of his schemes until I definitely say so. When, in answer to ! my vaguo proposal, ho told me I had already i pledged niysolf, I confess I was startled for a | moment. Of course it was all very wolTfor him : afterwards to speak of my declared (.sympathy.,, and of my promise to reveal nothing, as boiirg quite enough, at least for the earlier stage. If that is go, you may cosily acquire adherent?. But cither I join with a definito pledge, or not atoll.'' ? j 'I am inclined to think you had better nci-; join,' said Lord Evelyn, calmly. . After that thoro. was silenco ; and -Brand's- companion lay and looked on the riicture-outaide, tkat was so dark, and solemn, and still. In tbo j midst of all that blaao of various and trembling lights; was the unseen river— unseen but for tbo myria,d reflections that showed tho ripples of ~tno water; thon tho far-reaching rows of golden stars, spanning tho bridges, and marking out tho long ombankment sweep beyond St. Thomas's Hospital. On the other sido black masses of houses — all their commonplace detail lost in tho mysterious shadow ; and over them tho silver crescent of tho moon, just strong enough to givo an edgoof white to a tall shot-tower. Then far away in thecast, in tho clear dark Bky, tho dim grey ghost of a dome ; scarcely visiblo, and yet revealing its presenco; tho great domo of St. Paul's. ? This beautiful, still Bcono— the silonco was' so intense that the footfall of a cab horse crossing Waterloo-bridge could bo faintly heard, aa tho cyo followed the light slowly moving between tho two raws of fioldonataw— nccmed to possess but little interest for tho owner of these rooms. For -the moment he had lost ; altogether his habitual .air of proud reseryo. .'-. ? ':.': ?' 'Evelyn,', ho said' abruptly, 'was it not in these very rooms ,you insisted that, if the work was good, one need not be too scrupulous about one's associates ?'?' .?.-'? .,.';!.',.? 'I beliove so/'.said- thbjother, indifferently ; ho had almost lost hope of over overcoming his friend's inveterate suspicion. ? .'Well,' Brand said, 'thero is something in that. I believe in the work that Lind is engaged in, if I am doubtful about him. And if it pleases you or him to say that I havo . joined you mcroly because I express sympathy,' an'd'prbmise to say nothing, wcll.and good. But you, you are more than that '!'?? ... ' ? ., ?. , The qucstipn somewhat startled Lord Evelyn ; and his paleface flushed a little. -.- ' Oh, yes,1'- he said ; '!' of course. I — I cannot precisely explain toyoi1.'* -? j, ? .' ? 'I understand. But if I did really join I should at least have you fora.companion.' . . '? Lord Evelyn, turned and' regarded him. ' .-' ' ? i ''if you were to join, it might be that you and I should never sec each other again in this world. Have I not told you? .'Yourfirst pledgo is that of absolute obedience ; you.have;no longer aiiglit to your own life j yoiibecomoa slave that others may bo free.'- ''? . ?: . ,'And you would havo me place myself in the power of a man like land |' Brand ex claimed. ?? :- ? ? ? . 'If it were necessary^' said Lord Evelyn, ' I Bhould bdld myself absolutely at the bidding of land ; for I am convinced he is an honest man, as he is a man of great ability.and unconquerable energy and will.' But you would no -more put yourself in Lind's -power than in mine. Lind is aservant; liko the rest of - us. .It is true he has in some ways a sort of quasi-independent position, which I don't quite' understand ; but as regards the Society : that I havo joined, and that you would:- join,1.' ho is a :sorvant. . But what is the use, of talking? Your temperament isn't fitted for this kind of work.' 'I want to sed' my way 'clear,' Brand said, almost to himself. ... , ' Ah, that is just it. Whereas you must go blindfold.' „ '?' ; ' ; Thereafter again silence. The moon had risen higher now, and the paths in tho Embankment gardens juBt behw them had grown grey in ' the clearer light.' ?' Lord Evelyn lay and watched tho light of a hansom that was rattling along by the side of the river. . 