HELEN OF TYRE. BY HENEY W. LONOMIO\7. What phantom is this that appears Through thopurplo mists of tno years, Itsolf but a mint like these f A .woman of cloud and of firo; It is sho: it is Helen of Tyro, The town in tho midst of tho so&a;! 0 Tyroin thy crowded streets Tho phantom appears and retro at*, And tho Israelites, that Boll ' 4: Thy lilie3 and lions of brass, Look up, as' thoy see her p?v?a, And murmur " JoEebel 1" Then anothor phantom is seen. At her sido, in a groy gabardine, "With beard that floats1 to hij : It is Simon Magus, tho Soor;. Ho Bpcaks, and sho pauses to ;K©ji Tho words ho uttors in hjusie. He says : '' From this evil famo, From this life of sorrow and shame : ;v.. I will lift thee, and malro thee minel: Thou hast been Queen Candaco, And Helen of Troy, and eh alt be The Intelligence Dirino 1" Oh, sweet as tho breath of morn, ' To the fallen and forlorn, . * Are ?whispered words of praise; For tho famished heart beliores Tho falsehood that tempts and deoeires, And tho promise that betrays. So sho follows from land to land Tho wizard's beckoning hand, As a loans blown by tho gust, Till sho vanishes into night I 0 reader, stoop down and write "With thy finger in tho dust, 0 town in the midst of tho seas, > With thy rafts of cedar trees, Thy merchandise and thy ship J, . Thou, too, art become aa naught, A phantom," a shadow, a thought, A name upon men's lips 1 A HIGHLAND GHOST STOBY.-MTS. Grant; of Laggan, records tho following incident on the authority of tho minister who related it to her. Ho wa3 accustomed, eho informs us, " to go forth and meditate at oron; and this solitary walk ho always directed to hi* churchyard, whioh was situated in a shaded spot, on tho banks of a river. There, in a dusky October evening, he took his wonted path, and lingered, leaning on the church yard wall, till it becamo twilight, when ho saw two small lights rise from a spot within, where there was no stone nor memorial of any kind. Ho observed tho course these lights took, and saw them cross tho river and stop at an opposite hamlet. Presently they returned, accompanied by a larger light, which moved on between thom till they ar rived at the place from which tho first two set out, when all three seemed to sink into the earth together. The good man went into the churchyard and throw a few stones on the spot whero the lights disappeared. Next morning ho walked out early, called for the sexton, and showed him the place, asking him if he remembered who was buried there. The man said that, many years ago, he re membered burying in that spot two young children, belonging to a blacksmith on the opposite sido of tho- river, who was now a very old man. Tho pastor returned, and was scarce sat down to breakfast, when a message came to hurry Mm to come over to pray with tho smith, who had been suddenly taken ill, and died next day."-The Ltitufe Eour. A YEEY DITFEEEOT MATTEB.-Southern Lord (staying at Highland Oastle)-"Thauk you _ so much, I-ah-weally enjoy yottr musio, I think oi having a piper at my own place." Sandy, the piper-" An' fat Mn' o' a piper would your iordahip be needin' ?" . Southern Lord-" Oh, certainly a good piper like yourself, Sandy." Sandy (sniffing) " Och ! Inteet! Ye might easily fin' a lord like year lordship, bat ii'a nae sae easy to fin1 a piper like mo whatever."-Punch, RECENTLY a tenant entered the office of a Tipp6rary iand agent, and throwing a roll o| notes on the tablo exclaimed: "There's ivtry penny I've got in the world. It's a . year's rint, and ye may tako it or lave it-if ye take it, I'll go to the workhonBe; if ye lave it, I'll go to Ameriky on it." The agent opened the notes and coanted the money. " Why, my good mm, there is more than a year's rent here. There is over foar year's reut in the buodle." " The devil there in,'* cried the tenant patting his hand in bis pocket-" begor, I gev you the wrong bundle of notes after all." 166. 