CONGREGATlONAL UNION AND MISSION OF TASMANIA. (Abridged from the Mercury.) The following is a very brief digest of the opening address delivered by the Chairman, the at Rev. Geo. Clarke, on Monday. Mr Clarke commenced his address as follows:-" My Dear Brethren,-There was a time, within the memory of living men, when the churches of an the Congregational order were much more isolated than they are now. Very rarely, per- all haps not once in a generation, were they sum- moned through their delegates to anything like a general conference.. The difliculty and ex pense of travel were too great, the consumption of time and the derangement of local ministries were too seriouis, and, most of all, the pervading C fear was too strong lest the independence of the N churches should be sacrificed to the rule of a great organisation. We live in happier times, la and can meet at far less cost than our fathers, fo and we are no longer haunted by the fear that the principle of self-government will be crushed by the weight of a central body. We have now al our Union meetings wherever any number of C Congregational Churches are established, and in N this colony, as elsewhere, we call together year D by year the pastors and representatives of our churches, that we may confer on matters affect ing the welfare of the Church at large, or the U special interests of our own communion. As- suming no legislative authority, and abstaining N from all interference with the infernal adminis tration of the churches, it might seem that wee have nothing to gain by such meetings, and we frankly admit that we cannot discharge many B of the functions of other ecclesiastical synods ; but we find our Union useful, if only that it enables us promptly to gather up the sentiments F; of our people, to consult on the common good, to I advise where advice seems needed, to agree 1l upon a common course of action in questions of K public interest, to prevent the waste of strength B by clashing plans, anld to combine in doing work that is beyond the scope or resources of a single congregation. We can stimulate brotherly love, restrain petty rivalries, correct misunsder standings, and bind ourselves to more faithful and active service in the work of our common o Lord; and though we have no executive powers, we are sure that no single pastor or bi church among us will deal lightly with any opinion or suggestion that commands the general assent of the Union. A special interest sr attaches to our meeting this year. Fifty years 11 ago—so far as we were concerned—Australia g was unknown and unoccupied territory. There ci was no church of our order in these colonies. b' A few Independents had found their way to the ends of the earth, and while gladly and thank fully worshipping with their brethren under Episcopal, Wesleyan, or Presbyterian forms, it was only natural that they should long for a ministry of their own ecclesiastical polity. Thus, effort to supply this want was the begin- S ning of a movement, the outward result of which are visible in the hundred and seventy si ministers of our Australian year book, and the p at least equal number of edifices which have c] been built and set apart for Christian worship is according to our forms. Many devout and ci earnest ministers, whose names are in the Book S of Life, have passed out of the list of our d earthly register; but these remain, and first in the order of time of all the goodly company of C our prophets there stands the name of the re- h vered and sainted Frederick Miller. Of course ti we do not mean that he was the father and 11 founder of the Australian churches, for they a were founded separately in the different colo- si nies. But Frederick Miller was the first in time t] to launch his frailest of coracles and to sail into c the void. He was the first that over burst Into that silent sea. He landed at Hobart Town on the 30th of September, 1830, and here, on this spot, and ci within these walls, the oldest church of our order in Australia established itself. It seems ti fitting that at this meeting we should take special account of the first planting of the Con- gregational polity in these new lands, and invite the sympathy and co-operation of our brethren in the neighbouring colonies. They have responded with kind and loving greetings, ti and some are here in person to represent their good will. To them in the name of this Union I tender our heartiest welcome. ..... I will leave it to others to put before you the story of the rise and progress of our Congrega- vi tional churches in the several colonies, and invite you to sweep a larger horizon, and looking 1 at our Church life as a whole to mark those aspects in which it is changed from the Church w life of fifty years ago." Mr Clarke then spoke of the advances made by science, and the enlightenment of the human intellect during the last fifty years, but considered his Church . had not departed from the principles of their a fathers. He said-"There is no question with us as to the divine authority of the Bible, and upon its teaching our religious faith is based. But perhaps our human theory of the nature n and extent of its inspiration is not exactly the 0 same as that which prevailed among us fifty t' years ago. We do not put the same value upon ti every book or upon every proscription of the Old tl and New Testaments. The Book of Genesis isn not as the Gospel of St. John, or the Song of q Solomon as the Epistle to the Romans. We t recognise the progressive character of God's "a revelations of truth, and the progressive exhibi- a tion of His requirements of duty. We see that there is large accommodation to the capacity of different ages to receive a revelation. We see p the human element in the structure and com- position of these writings, and we hold that the design of the whole is not to teach us universal p truth, but specifically religious truth. It does not disturb us that on what is outside religion the Bible speaks according to the imperfect I science of the time, and that its astronomy and nI geology and natural history are not those of the nineteenth century after Christ. We do not care in the least about reconciling science and a Scripture. No doubt we are changed in many of our conceptions as to what the Bible is, but t I hope we are not changed in our reverence for f its character, our confidence in its teaching, or I our submission to its authority. ...... Speaking broadly, I dare to affirm that the heart of our ministry is sound, and whatever I changes have come over the human and specu- lative side of our theology, we are still true to the evangelical faith as it was held by our fathers half a century ago. Leaving the ques- tion of our theology, let us now turn to our polity, and ask have we changed in that? Here, again, I mnust remind you of the distinction be tween principles and forms. Rigid in principles, flexible in forms, is still the ideal that we set before us. I think it will be conceded by all who know us, that in practice as well as profes sion we are Christians first and only Churchmen afterwards. And in truth most of our brethren of other denominations could say the same ... We have no call to run a-muck on other systems of Church Government, though we prefer our own, and frankly give our reasons for the preference. We are recognised by all parties as among the foremost champions of religious and civil liberty. In more than one crisis of English history it is admitted that we kept the conscience of the nation and saved its freedom. No doubt we have had our excesses, and by theory we ought frequently to pass over from liberty into license. It might be so, in fact, if we were not evermore restrained by the principle, that with all our freedom we are 'under law to Christ.' That principle saves us, and as long as we hold it, it should calm the fears of the most timid. But for our present purpose it is enough to declare our principles without attempting to defend them. We repudiate and protest against all exercise of physical power in the realm of spiritual things, and admit of no forces in this domain but those of moral persuasion. We claim the right of any local congregation of Christian believers to constitute itself a Church —appointing its own officers, receiving its own members, and administrating its own affairs under law to Christ—and we assert that such a fellowship has all the necessary functions of a Church; and that all its ministrations are valid and effectual for Christian edification. We main- tain also that every Church so constituted is niot to be subjected and over-ridden by the autho rity of any corporation extraneous to itself. These are principles that we have held at great disadvantage, and through much obloquy and suffering. They have been assailed from every quarter, and with every kind of weapon that hostility could devise ; but still we hold them without bitterness,and without misgiving. We are not in the least ashamed of them. Al ready to a large extent they have been actually, if not formally, accepted by those who are with out the pale of our congregational polity. We think that they are in harmony with the genius of the time, and that they afford the best guarantee for the freedom and peace, both of Church and State. Through the vast con- federation of the American States, through the Dominion of Canada, the government of Ire land, and the colonies of the British Empire the Churches are now left to their own re- sources, and the exercise of the civil power or or against any form of faith or polity has been formally abandoned. But for the immense com plication of vested interests in the old country, there can be little doubt that there also the principle would by this time have been em- bodied in law, and on all hands it is admitted in that such an issue cannot long be deferred. In the van of all this movement we, Independents, have steadily held our place, and we may be fairly credited with no small share in the vic. tory. Even here in this colony it was ours to head the fight for religious liberty, and though we purchased the freedom of the Churches at a greater cost than we think we ought to have paid, we are quite content with the issue... I am in no mood for boasting, and trust that such a pie spirit will have no place in any of our meetings, eloi but I appeal to those without and those within we: our denomination whether or not we have been of faithful to our ecclesiastical principles. We are conscious of no change in them from the Ste position which our fathers held half a century ago."ago." Ho Mr Clarke admitted, however, that in the forms lies and methods of Church life there was great and beneficial alteration. He spoke at con- siderable length on the work there was to do, 1 and the best method of doing it, and wound up pra with hn earnest appeal to all to labour well and truly for the Church. TUESDAY, MARCHI 23. The Council sat at 10.30. There were present—The Revs. G. Clarke (chairman), W. I C. Robineson (secretary), C. Price, W. Law, Nisbett, J. W. Simmons, Shipphird, Bennett, Mn Tinning, Bayley, Halley, and Manthorpe, and a eac large gathering of lay delegates from the dif- ] ferent congregations. The roll of ministers and delegates was read id and adopted as follows :—Hobart Town Memo- St rial Church—Rev. W. C. Robinson, Messrs. up Crouch, Dean, Davis, Henningham, Lodge, dad Napier, G. Salier, Tolman, Vautin, Scott. Davey- street—Rev. G. Clarke, Messrs. Calvert, W. R. Giblin, J. H. B. Walch. C. E. Walch, W. A. Weymouth, T. Whitesides, Harcourt. Union—Rev. J. W. Simmons, Messrs. R. D. Russell, Thos. Ikin. New Town—Rev. J. Nisbett, Messrs. Withrington, R. Hickman. Launceston —Tamar-street —Rev. C. Price, ant Messrs. D. Room, Gurr, Ditcham, Ridge, J. Fenton. Prince's Square—Rev. W. Law, by Messrs. C. Button, Dickens, Price, H. Button, sor Stokes, Edginton, W. Rout, Birchall, F. L. Fysh. Latrobe—Rev. Mr Bennett. Coast— Rev. Mr Steggall. Richmond—Rev. Mr Tinning, dcl Messrs. Searle, Killen. Green Ponds—Rev. H. h. t Kennedy, Mr J. Lumsden. Huon-Rev. J. M. Bayley, Messrs John Hay sen., O.Geeves, John Geeves, Hawkins, Walton, John Hay, jun. Brighton—Rev. Mr Shipphird, Mr Hodgman. Carlton and Bream Creek—Rev. R. E. Dear. der The Secretary read a letter from the Rev. Mr k Sunderland, who had been appointed to repro- kn sent Now South Wales at this Council, stating thi that it was impossible for him to be present, agi but he thought he would be able to visit Tas- mania in April oi May next, in connection with we the London Missionary Society. Mr Robinson be said he had written to Mr Sunderland, express ing the hope that he would carry out the sug- on gestion, and that his proposed visit to this colony would be warmly welcomed by the brethren. On the motion of Rev. C. Price, seconded by Rev. W. Law, and supported by Rev. J. J. Halley, the Rev. E. Steggall, of the North- West Coast, was received into the Union. REPORTS. Rev. W. C. Robinson read the report of the Southern Committee. The greater portion of it was taken up with the early history of the Mis sion and Union ; and at the conclusion of thlis part it went on to say :-Nothing of an unusual character has marked our operations during the past year, beyond the opening of two mission churches, one at Port Cygnet, the other at Southport, the latter of which is free from debt. Mr H. Button read the report of the Northern Committee. It gave a sketch of the earlier pn home mission operations of the Society down to Gi the present time, and concluded as follows :- in Rapidly as they may be sketched, the incidents an of nearly 40 years in connection with our mis sion work necessarily occupy considerable space, in though much that is pleasing and encouraging dr could not be alluded to. There are many in- viting fields which the committee would gladly occupy, but they are hindered by the want of fo funds. They hope, however, that with the ad- no vent of more prosperous times, a spirit of in- ad creased liberality will also be developed; and as of localities now receiving assistance become en- re: tirely self-supporting, and contribute to the general fund, means will be provided for carry- be ing the light and comfort of the Gospel to dis- or tricts where they are now enjoyed. Mr J. E. Salier read the Treasurer's report for the South, and Mr C. Button read that for D the North. CORPORATE TRUSTS. Rev. W. Law proposed the re-appointment of "t the committee chosen at the last session, to th prepare the draft of an Act of Parliament with or reference to corporate trusts, namely, Revs. G. Clarke, i. Law, C. Price, Mr Salier and Rev. Mr Robinson, and that the names of Rev. J. J. Halley and C. Manthrope be associated there with. Rev. J, M. Bayley seconded, and after a short discussion the names of Rev. J. W. Simmons ce and Mr H. Button were added to the committee, F and in the amended form the resolution was .n adopted. INSURANCE OF COUNTRY CHURCHES. Mr Weymouth reported what churches and manses were insured. A discussion took place on the question of insuring all property, and the Rev. C. Price moved that a request be made C to the Southern Executive Committee to attend ai to the matter. On the suggestion of the Chair- C man, the motion was altered to make the re quest to the friends of the respective churches to see to the insurance themselves. The re- solution was seconded by Mr Weymouth and v1 agreed to. PUBLIC MEETING. In the evening at 7.30, a public meeting took Ie place at the Memorial Hall, for the reading of m papers by the Revs. W. Law and J. J. Halley, the Chairman of the Union, Rev. Geo. Clarke, ac presiding. There was a large audience. After singing and prayer, the Chairman called upon C The Rev. W. Law to read his paper on "Our h: Principles." The rev. gentleman said that, meeting as they did to celebrate the jubilee of Congregationalism in Australia, it was fitting e that their principles should be set forth, not an apology, but as an exposition for their own tl people. After referring to the varying views on the subject of singing and prayer, and the dif- B ferent forms in which the principles of Congre- tc gationalism were stated, he proposed to state those principles as including the following : That Jesus Christ is the only Head and the only e Law-giver of His Church ; in the first, putting si aside all Popes and Kings as the head, recog-- b nising that Christ is Head over all things to His Church. As to the second, reeognising Christ as our one Law-giver speaking to us through tihe P Holy Scriptures. And we derived this truth a from three sources. 1. The Bible. 2. The dic- tl tates of the Holy Spirit; and 3. Christian ex- perience; and on those principles he said there was a remarkable oneness in their belief. Another great principle was that the relation of the Churches was a spiritual one, the Church being composed of such 5 as give evidence of a change of heart, .and desired to live a life of faith and holiness. They held and thought that baptism will avail nothing unless the Holy Ghost be given to those who are baptised. Mr Law referred to the beliefs of other Churches, and contended that, according to the Scripture, before a man was fitted to be a member of the Church, he must be a member of Christ. Another great prin ciple was that each Churcih had, under Christ, authority complete in itself for all purposes of Church government, and their adoption of those principles made them Congregationalists. The earliest Christian Churchles were Congrega tional, and it was for others to show why they had departed from the Congregational prin- ciple. The three leading forms of Church government were Epliscoplalianism, Presby: - terianism, and Congregationalism, the latter 1 of which gave to each church, as he had said, absolute power to determine aand manage its own affairs the right to admit members to its fellowshlip; to elect and dismiss its own officers; to control its own money and buildings; and to form any rules for conducting its own business. They asked no aid from the civil power, and they admitted no control. They did not accept State aid, and they bowed the civil power out of their courts, preferring to raise their funds from the freewill offerings of the people, and they maintained the right of self-government. A fourth principle was that Christian Churches thus constituted were bound to cultivate fellow ship with each other. They associated in Unions for various objects, such as the pro- motion of colonial arnd foreign missions, col- leges, provident societies, widows' and orphansa' funds, and other things. Such were their principles, and they had no need to be ashamned of them. They also had their martyrology; and great principles like those had led wise men to follow them out in successful action, and ono characteristic of their principles was, they pro moted liberty though not licence, and the work of personal self-culture as part of their duty. Their duty was to understand those principles, and set them forth for the benefit of others, especially the young. They needed more life, and more grace, and they should seek an in crease of these that they might be more suited for the duties devolving on them. In referenco to other Christian bodies, holding Christ the Head, thev said grace, mercy, and peace be unto thlem from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Chlrist, and might they soon be led to acknowledge Christ as the Great Head, and thus place themselves in loving subjection to His perfect will. (Applause.) . The Chairman introduced the Rev. J. J. Halley, the son of the late Dr. Halley, who had be written much on the Rise and Progress of Inde- pendency. He would read a paper on "The to Rise of Independency in England." Rev. J. J. Halley, who was received with a aapplause, said that instruction and not contro- versy was the object of the paper he had to read. He then sketched the rise of the princi- ples of Independency from 1559, and in conclu sion said the Independents of Tasmania had a work to do to guard and promote the principles of civil and religious liberty which they happily espoused. and to see to it that the last rag of State aid should be laid on the rubbish heap. He appealed to them to have faith in God, who had done so much for them in the past, and to work on in faith, for the past was but the pro. mise of the future. (Applause.) The proceedings closed with singing and prayer. 