MR. JOHN GARDINER AT CARLTON. Mr. John Gardiner, who has ar.nonncecl him self a candidate for the representation of Carlton in tho Liberal interest, addressed a meeting of tho electors- in tho Victoria Hall, Drummond- strcet, last evening. There were about 300 persons present, and Mr. D. C. CaTr was voted to the chair. Tlio candidate, on being introduced, said that some people might object that lio was too young for the position ho tool: up, but lio believed tho timo would como when ho would bo found to bo as useful to Carlton as the old member. Ho was in earnest in this election, and was going to run in tho Ministerial interest. 11c had always been a Liberal, and trusted ho always would be, and if elected lio would support tho Berry Reform Bill through thick niid thin, nnd endeavor to make it the law of tho land. Ho characterised Mr. Munro as a renegade, and asserted that Mr. Robertson, liis opposing candidate in the Minis terial interest, had been simply put forward to split tlio Liberal voto, as it was well known that ho had at previous elections used all his infiuenco in favor of Mr. Munro. For protection he (tho spcakor) was as pronounced as lie was on reform. He was Victorian horn, and was glad that the timo had come that he was able to tako his present position in the land of his nativity. Ho was just as explicit on the education question — it was the law of tlio land, anil lie would not interfere with it in any way. Ho now thought lie had said enough. This wns his deli at, nnd ho trusted the electors would only voto for tho man who had tho Liberal cause at heart. He advised them not to ho led away by tho softsoap of tho other party, but to try himself. If they gave him their support they mi"ht rely that he would look after their in terests in the House at tho top of Spring-street, and would do his utmost to make Carlton apowsr in the land. ... Jlr. D. M 'Mill, in explained that in selecting Mr. Robertson as tlio' Liberal candidate tho leagfio was not at all unanimous, and this meet- ing"had been called to get tlie electors to say for themselves whom they would support as the op ponent of Mr. Munro. He reminded them that if olio did not retire -Mr. Munro would lie sure to be returned. Mr. Vale moved a voto of confidence in the candidate, on the ground thnt lie was a native, as well as a Liberal, and expressed a hope that tho time would soon come when the colony would bo ruled by the natives. Mr. White seconded the proposal, stating that ire was proud to sec a yuung man taking the step Mr. Gardiner had done. The elcctors had had too much of " trimming politicians." Mi. John Bell rose to propose an amendment. _ Ho sitid that no one in tlio community had a grcatefdown on Air. Alunro than liimsolf, nor was there a greater friend of Air. Gardiner; but. he was sure thisttlio latter had not tho ghost of a chanco, and it was for that reason ho proposed the amend ment that the candidate was not a fit and proper person to represent the constituency. The fact was the young man w.xs being humbugged. Mr. Jupp seconded the amendment, also on the grounds that lie did not like to seo Mr. Gardiner humbugged, and that he had not the slightest chance cf being elected. All. Bell was endeavoring to address the meet ing amidst loud groans when Air. Gardiner rose, and observed that this was his meeting, nnd tiiat although ho had no objec tion to tlie amendment being put straight Air. Bell should not speak. There was a good deal of cheering and groan ing on this announcement, during which sonic- body obtained access to the gas meter, and turned off the lights. Some confusion followed, but eventually the gas was re-lit, and tlie amendment and motion were prit to the meeting, the latter being carried with about 20 dissentients. The meeting then separated, after a lew words of thanks from tho candidate, who invited his friends to form a committee to secure his re turn. 