WOMAN'S CURIOSITY. One peculiarity about a woman's curiosity is that she is always looking for something she don't want to find, and then rather imagines herself imposed upon because her worst fears are not always realised. Mr. Guffy owns a nice ranch down below San Jose, and naturally had a large delegation of friends from 'Frisco to eat their Christmas turkey with him. In fact, the house was so much crowded that when his maiden sister Melissa arrived there was only one room in the tank tower left for her accommodation. When everybody was ready for bed, and the nightmare in such cases made and provided Gufiey climbed up to the airy apartment with Aunt Melissa, and pointing to the large plug in the ceiling over the bed, from which hung a cord, said, ' You 3ee that striug, don't you ?' ' As I am not blind I suppose I do/' snapped his eister, whose spit-curls the steam of whisky punches had taken the crisp out of. ' Very well, don't pull it.' 'Why not P' 'Because you'll pull out that plug in the bottom of the tank.' ' Well— and then ?' ' Why the capacity of that tank is about 30,000 gallons. You're road of the Deluge, of course ?' ' 1 should hope so.' ' Then don't pull the string — that's all. Good night.' She might as welt have triep to sleep over a powder miue. Presently she sat up in bed and groped around in the dark overhead for the cord. She touched it with her fingers, gave a shriek, and buried herself . -. under the clothes. As she didn't grow per \- ceptibly warm -in consequence, she peeped ~''t«it Ji2^iu, lit the lamp once more, and rv iouked at the string for a Change. She re peated this process half-a-dozen times, each ' time growing more and more influenced bv her insane absorbing desire to pluck the forbidden rope. Now aud then she would doze off for a few minutes and dream that she was our .first mother in the garden listening to taffy from an twine serpent, ot then that she was going over Niagara Falls in a Butter tub, each time waking with a .loud shriek. Everybody knows what the ? . result is when a woman is left alone -with something she is not to do. Aunt Melissa finally got up and made her preparations for the inevitable catastrophe. She opened „ ~':J\ the four windows, so that the water would have a good chance to escape before the room was filled Then she put a trunk upon the table, and a chair upon the top of that. ? - ? ? After that she hung her clothes on the highest nail she could reach, and then all -was ready. Climbing carefully up on the aforesaid chair, with the string in her mouth, «he said a prayer, shut her eyes, held her '_ Jbreath, and jerked ! The plug came down, iftit not a drop af water. The tank had v ;'-'-' J-een empty for a month. ? In Ithaca (N. Y.) lives Taylor, the tailor. ^ This argues well for the eternal fitness of .things. : ? ; 3~-4 The spelling reformers will please to observe that there is but little difference between goat and go-hit. v .;- ; ;The wickedest man in the word is said to : rhe he who attended a golden wedding with a bardie under his arm. \ ; ?'lAdam Angle, of Centre Valley, kissed : . v Eliza Thompson against her will and the lady ? , -wants damages. — Cleveland Leader. Poor -. ' -fellow : his' was not a ready maid suit. „ ,/ ;?'?* *8 darkest just before day; but Sambo ;; !«|ys that is the very time when a chicken ;' v£f:the -widest awake. ; ;.?:?-/'.?' Honesty is the best policy, but it keeps ? Q B.-inan very poor,' said Greggs, the grocer, ..' ;:'while he wetted the sugar without putting ?. '; .-'?any sand in it. ^C#^.Tisitor to an art gallery said, 'I like ttje etetoos better'n I do the picters. I ken 'jf^ all 'round the statoos, but I ken see only ; ; : -i^te ade of the picters.' ?~'r^ Ho.w old a*6 Jou ?' asked a conductor r ^of a little girl who was trying* to ride half \- fare. *' I am 14 at home, but in the train I iv em only just turned 11.' ?Vf An observing politician says that the dif ference between those going in and out of . office is mainly this : The former are sworn : in and the latter go out swearing. The man who goes fishing and 6its in a cramp-inviting posture on a narrow plank from early morn till dewy eve, and calls it fun, is the same that never {roes to church because the pews are uncomfortable. \- Flatterers are the worst kind of traitors, for they will strengthen your imperfections, -encourage you in all evils, correct you in nothing, but so shadow and paint your i follies and vices as you shall never, by their :. -will, discover good from evil or vice from .'_'.'?: '.Tirlue. A cat has achieved a kitten with five heads, and we can imagine how sweet i; will be when that cat attains its, majority, to have it tit on the back of the wall and commune with itself. A traveller, going to bed, was surprised to «ee a ghost, which — or who in a sepul chral tune began, ' I am the spirit of one who was foully murdered here.' ' That's no business of mine,' said the traveller, turn ing round on his pillow; 'apply to the proper quarters. Good night.' 