'GHOST STORY OP TO-DAY. THE Bev. AugnBtpe Jessppp, D.D. (eayethe J>all Mill Qaielte), has jmbJiuhea, in thie Ath?mw > t^SwAmU: aoeopiit. of an •pf^Mon'VriHtildi 'ik'yna .witnees in, Iiord Orford'e library at Mannibgton Sail, Norfolk, in Ootober last. After dinnor, the party having broken up at half-past 10, "Dr. Jessopp retired to the library to'take no'teg' Of some of the r&re; books whioh it contains. What befelrfaun there he thuB narrates :— • By 11 o'clock I wae the only person downstairs,* anil- was very soonbusily at work and B^rbeSln my jjoonpation. - The rpom in vrhioh I was writingwas enlarge one, wiw.'Vi'imfiP ;i(freplaoe and a grand old ehifiMyj "atid it'ie needless to eay that it is furnished. with every oomfort and luxury. The library opfens into this room, and I bad to pass out ftpm where I was sitting into this Jibrary and get upon a chair to redeh tlife vbliifoes I wanted to examine. . There were six small volnmps in all. I took them down,' and placed' them at mv Tiglit^hatid'in' a little -pile, and set to work __sometimeB reading, eometimes writing. Ae I finished with ft book. I placed it in front of me. There were four silver candleaticks upon the table, the candles all barning .mli «fl 'I4te»>. a chilly person, I sat Jny^lf *t one corner^the table with the fire at m?-MU"»d at intervals, as I had Lilheft mWiv hook. I rose, knocked tho tegethm wfl #fop4 up to wrmwywet. I continued in this way at my task till j nearly 1 o'clock. I liad got on better tliftu | I expected, and I bad only one more book to occupy liie. I rose, wound up my watel), and opened a bottle of seltzer water, and I remember thinking to myself (hat I should get to bed by 2 after all. I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about lialf-an-liour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to' a close, when, as 1 was actually writing, I saw a large wiiite hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat largo man, with liis back to the fire, bending 8 igbtly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been at work upon. The man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his c'osely-cut reddish brown hair, liis ear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high cheekbone. Ho was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick cordcd si k or some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satiu or velvet, serving as a standup collar, and fitting close to the chin. e The right hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left hand ; both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were conspicuous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent 1 Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for Bome seconds, and was perfectly sure tbat he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm or even uneasiness ; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil; then 1 thought,' Upstairs I have a sketch-book. Shall I fetch it ?' There he sat, and I was fascinated; afraid, not of his sLaying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this—my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed, and nothing more. I went on with my writing, as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own ; I turned my bead again, to examine him more closely, and I was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my my own voice. There he sat, and there eat I. I turned my head again to my work, aud finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it ou the table ; it made a slight noise aB it fell—the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, aud if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread and a suspicion that I was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning; then I rose, lit my bedroom candle, took my books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and replaced five of the volumes ; the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honor to appear to me. By this time I had loBt all sense of uneasiness I blew out the four candles and marched off to bed, where I slept the Bleep of the just or the guilty—I know not whioh—but I s'ept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnished narrative of facts Explanation, theory, or inference I leave to others.' TItE EXPLANATION. Subsequently (on January 17) the Athene,urn published the following : — We have been overwhelmed with letters regarding Dr. Jessopp's narrative. Several correspondents are anxious to know whether the ghost sat on a real chair, ^whether there is any tradition of a ghost at Mannington Hall, &c.; We print the two letters which offer the most plausible explanation. Dr. Wilke, F.R.S., of Guy's Hospital, writes to us:— 1 ' Patting aside the supposition of a trick, the. story resolves itself into the question ' whether the appearauce of the man beside him (Dr. Jessopp) was objective or subjective. Under ordinary circumstances when we see an object the latter is material, .and forme an image on the retina; this ie mentally known through a perceptive part of the,brain; the mere retinal image is not enough'to Constitute vision, as pictures are constantly painted upon the retina whioh are never discerned. Now it is rpoBsiWe yfor ;this . perceptive part of the brain to be thrown into'an''active condition quite independant ,of the nbrtftal stimulus conducted to it from the retina,., and under ,tbese circumstances,, the person apparently eees an object which,' by the law of ottr nature, is projected by him a certain distance bnfore the eye. This IB common enough in fevers and in delirium tremens, where patients see people and animals around them whose reality it such that the memory ,of these becomes a part of tbe experience of their future lives. In mental derangements these hallucinations are also common,. and patients see objects and hear voices which have no external existence. So it is in our dreams, from which we may be Buddenly aroused by a great noise where all is still around, tbe auditory perceptive centre ot the brain having been abnormally excited. In normal conditions the Gight of an object implies the painting of it on the retina, as the bearing a noise implins the vibration of the drum of ear, If Bight and bearing occur without theee normal excitants of the nerves, the brain must have been stimulated from within, and tbe impressions are abnormal and subjective. At the present time we bare no knowledge tbat anything in the likeness of a ghost or any. thipg ttat hue got a material twig wn excite an image on the retina; whereas we do know that under abnormal conditions the brain may be stimulated so as to produce a visual impression independent of any such image on tbe retina. The probabilities are then immensely in iavor of tbe appearance which the doctor saw being subjective rather than objective. We have only to suppose that those very common abnormal conditions of brait which ore observed in bad health may occur under exceptional circumstances in an otherwise healthy organ to account for the occasional appearance of ghosts. The probabilities are also in favor of tl.is view from other considerations, First, there seems no reason why the spirits of another world should prefer midnight for their visits, but tbe reasons are obvious why we should conjure them at that time. Then, aguiu, the want of individuality snown by this particular ghost: nn Ordinary mortal would find it very difficult to pnfc himself ' in exactly the same place and attitude, aB before' on bis appearance a second time, as this apparition did ; and then so dependant was it upon the observer, tbat when the latter put up his .arm it was gone, and the same occurred on the second occasion on another movement. How these movements of the doctor could have offected a real object does not seem clear, nor why it could not be gazed at from different point? of view. It may be noticed, too, that its nearness corresponded with the focussing of the doctor's eyes to objects close around him.' Mr A. Wilson, E.R.S.E., writes i— ' As the narrator leaves explanation to others) will you permit me to remark tbat his experiences very aptly illustrate to my mind a simple and readily explicable case of 'subjective sensation.' As such, Dr. Jessopp's ghost is explicable satisfactorily to the physiological mind on the idea that an image has been retained, and formed in his eight-centres, and has been unconsciously projected forwards from tbe background of consciousness to assume (to the nubject of tbe illusion) the veritable appearance of a human figure or spectre. The well known case of Nicolai, the Royal Academician and bookseller of Berlin, is the bfBt known recorded instance of similar visitations ; and Sir David Brewstei', in his history of 1 Natural Magic,' Rives the case of a Mrs. A., who was a ghost-seer of somewhat remarkable bind. Cases such aB those illustrated by Dr. Jessopp are by no means unknown in medical practice, and are explicable on the theory of reversion of the ordinary phenomena and routine of sensation, The only point concerning which any dubiety exists concerns the exact origin of the specific images which appear as the result of subjective sensory action. My own idea ie tbat almost invariably the projected image is that of a person we have seen or read about. It iB not necessary that we should remember tbe incident to reproduce it thus, for unconscious memory is a notable fact of mental life. In Dr. Jessopp's case there is one fact that seems to weigh materially in favour of the idea that tbe spectre which appeared to him in Lord Orford's library was an unconscious reproduction of some mental image or figure about which the doctor may very likely have concerned himself in tbe way of antiquarian study. He describes the figure as dressed - in the costume of a past age. Does not this fact alone testify to the appropriateness of an antiquary's ' allusion ' being drawn from memory and imagination from the days of old and from the forms of the past ? Mental physiology has not yot sufficiently progressed to enable us to satisfactorily and fully explain the rationale of the mental acts which evolve the spectral illusion ; but I would fain add, in conclusion, that such facts of mind as are' already within our ken place cases like that of Dr. Jessopp within the pale of a rational explanation ; whilst our best thanks are due to the narrator for his record as an aid to the diffusi'.-n of a plain understanding of' ghosts' on a scientific basis.' IMPRESSING TOR TIIE NAVY.—The following remarks, taken frnm the Atlas, London weekly newspaper, of February 18ih, 1827, will give some idea of the way they used to recruit the British Navy in those dayis:— iSomo discusBion cn the impressment of seamen took place in the House of Commons, on Tuesday night* The official nautical members contend,'that tbe improved treatment and condition of sailors in the Royal Navy, will render recourse to this power, in the event of a war, less frequent than it was formerly, but assert that it would be dangerous to part with it altogether. The Nary is, unquestionably, not so unpopular a service as it was, but still the Merchant service is preferred by Bailors; and much difference of opinion exists as to the cause of this preference, which, so long as it prevails, will be at once the cause of impressment, and the apoloey for it. Mr, Hume seems to think, tbat tbe punishment of flogging makes tbe Navy odious to sailorsi We believe that they care very little about the 'matter. A sailor is hot lib* a soldier, disgraced br flogging ; and their floggings are not of; any thing like the military severity. The lest punishment tbe better;' but do not let us deceive ourselves, by imagining fine and fanciful CBUSSB for a feeling which should be r traced to its real source. Tbe lower rate of pay in the Navy would appear to furnish one very obvious reason for the preference given to the Merchant service, but this is aaid to be com* pensated by the pensions allowed to his Majesty's sailors. We doubt the inference. Sailors are proverbially improvident, and, like others of their order, are apt to, neglect reihote advantages, A few shillings of present pay will outweigh in their estimation pounds of far distant, pensions. The better wages of the merchant service, therefore, offer, we think, one strong allurement, but perhaps a still more powerful one is tbe shorter term of service. The first thing that a sailor with empty pockets desires, is to get hired, that he may earn some money; the next is, to be discharged, that he may spend it. The shortest trip is always the most desirable to Jack. The long spells of the Navy are by no means to his taste; and when he has to choose between the smaller wages to be enjoyed at an indefinitely distant period, and the higher wages to be enjoyed at a very early day, is it surprising tbat he, should decide in fcvonc of the latter f I The limes has touched on the length of time for which men are detained in tbe Navy ; we consider it as a main cause of the sailor's disinclination to tbe service, and that some limitation would be attended with advantage. During the last war, for years together bundrels scarcely went ashore. This was really a cruelty. We remember to have witnessed a particular case of this kind of hardship, which, as it passed under our eyes, mdae a strong impression on our tnin^B. A sailor who had served in the Royal Navy for more than ten years on southern stations, and had at last got his discharge, and his pockets filled with wages and prize-money, had taken his passago in a packet from Guernsey for Southampton. The poor fellow was rpjoiciog on the way in tbe prospect of soon rejoining his family, and spending his riches among them. Having passed the Needles and just made the oponiDg of the Southampton River, with the port in view, a brig of war fired a round shot over the packet to.bring her to, sent a boat on board, examined the passengers, seized upon thn homeward-bound tar, and carried him off with his little kit an impressed man for another indefinite period. To this hour we see that poor fellow's blank look of bitter disappointment. These are things which used to be ofevery-day occurrence, during the war, and which must make a service odious. Let such grievances, however, be abated, and the Nrvy will need little recruiting by impressment; for the merchant service has disadvantages too—tbe duty on board email craft, for example, is much severer than that in ships of war. 