THE LOCAL POLITICIAN. (Liberal Review.) The local politician is now in his glory. The municipal elections all over the coun try have enabled him to emerge from that state of comparative obscurity in which he lingers during the greater portion of his life. As he struts about he is able to feel that he is a .great man and almost necessary to the commonwealth. You may hear him talking in a loud voice at street corners and laying down the law in bar- parlours. It is not, perhaps, to be wondered at that he so realises his im portance. People who snub him all the year round now not only become aware of his existence, but frankly recognise that he is a man of influence and intellect, whose opinion on any subject is worthy of the most respectful consideration. They ask his advice in a manner which indicates , that they would b'e cut to the heart if he did not give it to them. They listen to all the twaddle and tittle-tattle which he is ready to pour into their ears as they would to gems of wisdom. The reason is that they fancy he has it in his power to influence a vote or two-he would have them believe that hundreds of burgesses are only waiting for him to throw up his hand to decide how to act- and that it is desirable in the extreme that he should be inveigled into working on their behalf. Often he has no more power over those amongst whom he lives than a kitten has over a terrier dog. But this does not. prevent the gossip which he disseminates from being listened to and apparently relished. Truth to tell, the gossip which he disseminates has frequently extremely littlefoundation in fact. As he takes youby the button-hole, he will tell you that Black, who is a candidate in the '" blue", interest, has two wives and almost as many children as would have satisfied Brigham Young; that he is, in other respects, a " regular right-down bad one;" and that as his little eccentricities have become known to the world, he has not the slightest chance of gaining the day. Yet, in point of fact, poor Black may be one of the most Ruileless creatures in existence, and would as soon think of setting up a harem under the immediate supervision of the legitimate Mrs Black as of burdening himself with the care of a mistress. Still, the local politician tells and re-tells the stories, which he partly invents and partly picks up from those who are pretty much like" himself, with infinite gusto, and at last comes to believe in them. He also hugs the belief that he is in the secrets of, the enemy. He is able to inform you what they are going to do and what they are not going to do; but, strange to. say, it generally happens, that they leave undone what he declares they are going. to do, and do what he asserts they are going.to leave undone. He is continually exposing to you the " little games "which he has, with almost. preternatural sharpl ness, detected, and, consequently, is as continually putting you into a fever of excitement, and uneasiness; but the little games which he would lead you to under, stand:have been so cleverly concocted are seldom played out to the end, if played at all. He may tell you that your opponents have not the ghost of a chance, and, that they confess that melancholy fact in what they imagine to be the sanctum ; yet your opponents may succeed in giving you an awful drubbing when the proper time arrives. Then he would have you -to understand that he is in the secrets of voters who, in a general way, are remarkable for their "closeness." This sphinx-like individual, he will say, is on your side, though he would not even divulge that tremendous fact to his wife, while that person, who would have you imagine hint your friend, has resolved to go dead against you. It does not seem to occur to those whom he favours with his confidence to ask him how it comes about that people in general have taken him into their secrets, in view of the fact that he is during the greater part of his ex istence regarded as rather a disreputable and dissipated individual. Even.when they are succumbing to the magic of his influence they cannot well be blind .to the circumstance that much of the gossip which he retails is, when not of his own invention, that of the public-house.. How can they help perceiving, that. he likes mnunicipal elections. because there are an abundance of good drinks and. choice cigars and other trifles to be picked up.by those who have all their wits; about them 1 