LLDYD PENNANT: A TALE OF THE WEST. By RALPH NEVILLE, Esq. CHAPTER XXIII. (Continued.) Pennant's proceedings were of such a nature as to forbid the hope of compromise, and they were all the more alarming because although his opponents knew that the documentary evidence against them had been destroyed, they were fully aware that more than one living witness could be found who would be able, and might be willing, to damage their cause. The enmity of those dreaded persons had been aroused by the steps which Pincher had taken to rid himself of their importuni ties — it became absolutely necessary to con ciliate them now, if that were practicable ; and the delicate commission of disarming the hostility of Leonard and Brown was com mitted to Mr. Sharp. The first step to be taken was to deprive Pennant of the benefit of their testimony — this might be accom plished by buying them off, and sending them out of the country ; but experience had taught Pincher the folly of relying on the professions or promises of such men ; and he dreaded that, if left free agents, they might refuse to emigrate, or return again, after having pocketed his money, and then go over to the enemy. Their abduction before the assizes seemed the only method by which they could be effectually secured ; and it was determined to have recourse to this measure, Sharp undertaking the execution of so hazardous an expedient. Before having recourse to physical force the shrewd partisan determined to sound Leonard, and ascertain whether it might not be possible to accom plish his object, in so far as regarded him, by fair means. Brown could bo easily dis posed of. A person in the receiver's con fidence would pay the debt for which he was mprisoned, and after his liberation invite Jijjn to dinner, when, dosed with whisky rutitil he became insensible, there could be no. difficulty in conveying him to a place of securify, and rendering his captivity agree able by a copious supply of his favourite beverage. But Leonard was by far a more dangerous person to deal with. Of a de termined and desperate character, he was the well-known leader of: the secret society in tho district ; his sudden disappearance would excite unusual alarm, and his where abouts would be sought after by those whose lives lay at his mercy, should he betray them, with ail the energy inspired by personal danger, backed by the almost certain means of discovery, which the ramifications of their confederacy so amply afforded — Sharp, therefore, considered it advisable to have a personal interview with him, and try his hand at persuasion. This could bo easily accom plished. Leonard still retained possession of the ! ruins of his former habitation, and a negotia tion with the agent for their surrender might be entered into without affording any reason able grounds for suspecting ulterior inten tions. The unfortunate man's position would have been now desperate, but for Rory Mahon's privately administered bounty, of which none but its recipient, Leonard's wife, was at all aware. From the threats held out against those who should harbour, assist, or employ him, the tenantry avoided all open communication with him, and he dragged out a miserable existence in, apparently, the most abject poverty. Some nocturnal de predations on the poultry of the neighbouring farmers, supposed to have been committed by him, incensed them, and they would have been but too happy to see him removed by course of law, so that they were not called upon to prosecute a person who had it in his power to consign many amongst them to transportation were he minded to better his own position by 'selling the pass.' When they were alone in his office, Sharp commenced the proceedings by expressing his surprise that Leonard had not as yet applied for the money promised to take him self and family to America ; his manner was conciliating and friendly, and he even weDt the length of expressing regret that such summary measures had been taken against him. Leonard at once frankly admitted that he had not claimed the money because he had not as yet made up his mind to go, the fact being that lie knew something, as Mr. Pincher-Martin was well aware, that might damage that gentleman, and serve his op ponent at the approaching trial if he only came forward to state it — and that, having a helpless family to support, he was determined to make the most of his secret, and act as his own interests dictated ; of the two, he would rather, on Mrs. Martin's account, be on her side, but he might have anything he liked from the others, as Mr. Mahon had been already with him, trying to ferret out what he knew, and made him the fairest promises if he would only tell his tale (which he declined to do), and take part with Captain Pennant. He stated what he should expect if he kept out of the way at the assizes ; candidly admitted that he would be at the service, of the highest bidder — and declared that a pound, one way or the other, would decide him. At the conclusion of the interview, during which Shar]) bad succeeded in accomplishing his object with more facility than he an ticipated, it was arranged that Leonard should have an answer to his proposition in a few days ; that, meantime, he was to give every encouragement to Pennant's agents, and keep them on hands, by leading them to suppose that to secure him they had only to come up to his price, until matters were finally arranged between himself and Mr. Pincher-Martin, when he should apprize him (Sharp) of the nature of the proposals made, and inform him regularly of all the move ments and plans of their adversaries. ' We are richer,' he remarked on parting, ' than they are, and willing to pay liberally for the services rendered us.' Mr. Pepper was in ecstasies with the case laid before him. The written evidence to Squire Ulick's profession of the Roman Catholic faith, and the certificate of Pen nant's mother's marriage, which was, under such circumstances, perfectly valid, were in Father Stephen O'Malley's hands, who was on the spot to prove the two events — which he could now safely do, in consequence of the altered state of the penal laws — while Rory Mahon would identify Lloyd as the child that he had carried to his sister to nurse by means of the peculiar formation of his foot-. So far the case was clear. There could be no doubt of Pennant's legitimacy, and no difficulty in establishing it. Then the question arose as to the mode of proceeding. Could the child of a man, sentenced and executed as a felon, succeed to the inherit ance without first establishing the innocence of his father? This was the grand question which might admit of protracted litigation were it not for the discovery made by the letters. If the facts contained in them could only be substantiated a much more expe ditious and conclusive course might be adopted. There was a barrister of great legal ac quirements, though of moderate practice, an intimate friend of Mr. Pepper's, who, con ceiving that such important matters could be best investigated on the spot, requested this gentleman to-come to the - country imme diately, on a. half-professional, half-friendly visit. , The various consultations held, and inquiries made, resulted in a determination to abandon all claims arising from Pennant's direct descent, and to sue for possession of the propertj' of Castlemore, by simple eject ment, as next heir-at-law to the father of Mrs. Pincher-Martin. This was by far the most easy and expeditious method of pro ceeding, and the men of law conceived that they had documentary evidence sullu-ient to establish their case, when, backed, as it would be by the testimony of living witnesses. Meantime, Pincher-Martin was not in active. When the first surprise had passed away, he instantly wrote to the Chief Secre tary at Dublin Castle, informing him that Mr. Pennant, who had fled to France, and been dismissed the navy for treasonable correspondence with Lord Edward Fitzgerald/ had again returned to the country, and de- : manding authority to arrest him ; for,. ; air though quite ready to act. on his own . responsibility, he was restrained from taking so decided a step by the advieo of Judge; Blatherwell, who recommended caution and patience, asfany violence on his; part towards!, a person' who was an avowed claimant for his wife's estate would have a vindictive appearance, and might seriously prejudice him hereafter in a court of justice— arid thus Pennant was left at liberty to look after his own affairs— to; make liimself fully ac quainted with all the steps,. Rory Mahon : had taken in his behalf, and' with the nature, and extent of the evidence he had collected to substantiate his claims. ? Exaggerated, accounts of what he had1 ?accomplished in the way of finding witnesses who could benefit his cause hourly reached Pincher ; at one time it was :Brown who had gone over— at another it wiis Leonard, who had given i thpor tain t in formation . ' Rory Mahon was known to be, in commuriicatidri;. with both,' 'arid Pincher well knew that the testimony of either would be damaging ; to him; he therefore became seriously alarmed, arid determined to proceed to Dublinhimself, in the hope of forcing the Government into, action, and thus, at least for the moment, retard the proceedings of his adversary,-, by having him committed to prison on a charge which, if proved, would not only disqualify him from establishing his civil rights, but even consign him to the doaih of a traitor. On his arrival at the Castle he obtained an interview with the private secre tary of the Viceroy, and learned to his dismay that it was useless to take any further proceedings against persons who had been concerned in the insurrection, as an amnesty was actually signed, and would be in a few days published. Dispirited and crestfallen, he returned home and occupied himself, with the aid of his uncle, in preparing for the trial which now became unavoidable. Although Pennant, conscious of his own. innocence, felt no uneasiness as to the result of the pending inquiry relative to his asserted- ? connection with the United Irishmen, he, from the spirit which ho saw prevailing amongst the loyal party, entertained; serious; doubts of being able to save Mike, when he was cheered by the proclataatiou granting a general and unconditional pardon- to all persons who had been implicated in the rebellion. It is possible that Mike would have been excluded from the act of grace, as the first who had taken up arms, were lie known to be in existence ; but the report of his death was so universally circulated, and so generally believed, that the Government considered it unnecessary to make any ex ception in their measure of mercy. Pennant immediately wrote to him, under an address that had been agreed upon between them, apprizing him of the happy turn things had taken, and assuring him that he was then a free man, and might wander where he wished without the least fear of consequences. Mike's first impulse after reading the letter was immediately to quit the dreary attic in which he had so long lain concealed. Snatching up his hat, he sallied forth, and striking into St. James's Park, ho proceeded up Constitution Hill, and was passing through Hyde Park, on his way to Kensington Gardens, when, as he reached the end ol! the drive along the Serpentine, his attention was arrested by a loud shriek. Looking in the direction from whence it came, he saw a carriage dashing furiously down the hill ; the driving-seat had given way, and fallen forward on the horses' backs, who were plunging and kicking against the weight which pressed upon them — the next moment they cast the seat off, and came galloping at full speed towards him. Mike sprang into the centre of the road, and quickly taking oil' his coat, wound it around his head, in the hope of arresting their flight. He fortu nately struck the horse next to him on the nose, who, frightened by the blow, threw himself against the other and knocked him down — in an instant Mike had the bridle of the standing horse in his hand, and his foot upon the head of the fallen one, to prevent his rising. It was early in the day, and there was no person about to render hiui assistance, so that he could not quit his position to attend to the occupant of the carriago. Just as the servants, who were fortunately unhurt, camo up, a friend, who happened to drive by, offered the lady, who was alone, a seat, and carried her off before she was sufficiently \- ? ? ?? 1 ? ? ? ? ' teeovered'from her ? her deliverei lhe servants^ ho^eyer^were loud in their expressions of igratitude^and the coachman, when taking away the vehicle and horses, apologized for his mistress Vap parent neglect, andassured Mike that 'her ladyship would be greatly displeased if he returned without the address of the gentle men who had so . seasonably come to her rescue. Not wishing,; to , let his humble ? residence be known, Mike said that it was ~ probable he should leave town that evening ? — upon which the man informed him that his ? - mistress was Lady Clifton, of Curzon-street, ? who, he had no doubt, would be happy to receive and thank him, if lie could. b,ut make ' it his convenience to call. Mike when left alone spent some minutes in^lustingrhis coat and arranging his idress'; - on recros-sing the road to contiriue his walk, some distance in advance of where the horses : ; had been stopped, he picked up: a yaluable, r/i' bracelet, which*; ho doubted. not, must have fallen from Lady Clifton's arm in her en deavours to open the carriage' .'door .Hit would! serve him with a good excuse to call,: and he determined.: to deliver it on his re turn to 1 town. He was so delighted with his' liberty ^ anid so exhilarated by the pure ' air arid ' f exercise, that he struck into the country, and ? went so 'far that he only reached Curzon- r street by ^nightfall. The porter was' in tho act of lighting the hall-lamp when he knocked at! Lady Clifton's door,' and the person 'who opened it immediately rushed off, arid in his s flight- overturned the ladder on which tho porter .stood, who,, -falling, extinguished the, , candle 'which he' Held in his hand. . As tho irian lay. groaning, from pain,, and i^ike stood; v] in': the dark, he heard a great disturbance ab'ovo sfairs, arid supposing that he had com mitted an iridiscretiouiin callingiat such an horir, he immediately retired., ; . . Tim,, for. it wa,s lie who had, admitted himi;i, rushed 1 into ^tlie drawing-roomi wlierd the ' family and some friends were ! assembled before dinner, j crying out as ,ho , entered— : f 0 ' There he is again— go and see him,; now; j , t[ yerselves— the Lord defend us !' aS;ho fell h.; on his knees behind his master's chair. ' Will none oif'je It'sino joke— for the love of God, frtiult tho''' a door — Holy Mary, protect us ! I tell you, master, he's; inVtheJliaU— bHXPafchei Barney, it's badly ye behaved to me, if the pound note reached you but. -maybe the post mistress, bad luck-to her ! kept it.' The Colonel at once proceeded downstairs j; -; but there was no;personhl3lov\';;|or tho porter V had beeri reriioved by^thtf servlnts. ' ' - v 'i Having , (determined' at » once .toj Jollqw - Colonel' Blalfe' to Kentr and ' ascertain ' the truth as regarded -Eate's intended. marriage, he was occupied during the next' day in purchasing an outfit, and preparing . for. tho/r journey, Eo thatvit ^as only, after dinnerithatits ?, he thought of the bracelet. Unwilling'' jtop-cl hazard another ?visit,':tO'''Curxon-str^et— jand not, indeed- having time to call' therbfas'lthb coach by which he. intended, to travel left - town (at six tlie following morning — he coni tJ sidered that the best thing he could do was tojleave it with the head waiter of the hoteL atj which Pennant put up— arid thus, without^ giving his ;nariaev write*! a note- to Lady - J; Clifton stating, that' the0 gentleman'^ who. ' had the good fortune ' to ? stop 1 her horses .in\ : | the park beggedto inform herthat lio had found a bracelet closfe by where5 thie ? Carriage ! ??? passed, which he presumed mustrbe'ihers — and that she could have it by sending to the — — hotel, in Bond-street.' Having posted the note, he proceeded to leave the bracelet.; j ?„ The shops were all shut, and he was* so absorbed by his own thoughts, that : he' - -'i noticed little what passed around him'; he could not, however, help remarking, as heH s?l turned from Clifl'orcl-street into Bond-street, that a person stepped out of his way in a manner calculated to attract his attention, ^ but the door of the hotel was the first beside ;7 liim, so he went in and passed through tho hall to the sanctum of tho head waiter, as he , had seen Pennant do on other occasions. Never having been present when Lady Clifton's narno was mentioned during his short stay at Deal, Mike was ignorant of his ' relatives being on a visit at her house ; but ' as he knew that the Colonel was staying r somewhere in that neighbourhood, he could easily ascertain his whereabouts from the waiter at tho hotel, who had given the account of Kate's intended marriage. To Deal, therefore, he went on the morning after his arrival at Dover. There he learned . , that Colonel Blake and his neice had been on a visit to Lady Clifton — the very person . whose life he had most probably saved in Hyde Park — and that both families were then in London. He lost no time in returning and calling in Curzon- street. His relatives were not there; but Lady Clifton was at ''' home, and on entering tho drawing-room, ' Mike was astonished to meet a j-erson whose face he at once recognized, notwithstanding the many years that had elapsed since they met ; while Lady Clifton was no less sur prised to see before her tho man to whom she had been warmly attached in her girl hood, and who, in common with his friends, she believed to have been for some years . dead. She was not afraid of a ghost, how ever, as it was full daylight, and she set about unravelling tho mystery by asking a series of questions, which led Mike to a full explanation of all t^hat had befallen himself, ; y.j after, ?which he learned,- to his no small' ?'j';,, delight,- that his former flame was then free, I that her recollection of past times seemed; ,; still vivid, and her whole manner led him to the conclusion that her feelings in his regard, .,v,tpro as favourable as he could desire..; They, ; laughed heartily over Tim's assertion thatlie I ..had twice seen his ghost, but Lady .Clifton .. advised him, by all means,: to - make a;.pre-, paratory comm unieat.ion — o f .which sheunder-^ toolc to be the bearer— before,.. he, fyentiii;ed^ . to call upon the Colonel, -as, otherwise Shis ?unexpected appearance might- cause»,,hisj cousin a shock, for even .he ;iseemed, latterly, , to i give credit to Tim's; reiterated.r;deciara- , tions, from the :fact,.pr,hisrhaying,;,asr.he , ? firmly believed himself, met Mike in .Bond |. street, .whcrp lie. instantly ;fincl mpsfc/jUnae v ! couutabiy , disappeared. ; ; Ordering- the 5i car-; ?J j r iage, and, taking Mike,' \yi th, her,, she, set; iiim do\YiViiir tliQ^prrier. i after ,gi vingr him the,' Colonel's, address,] anil telling ;hiui ; to. follow , her : to the house in, I ; .twenty minutes. ; -, ; Those twenty ! minutes. . ..vre're;- occupied ; in apprizing ; , her friends . qf^jthei happy,, discovery of : Mike'sc;exist-; v, enfio, ,t and ! ,j ust as she .concluded. her recitajl, ,M.his knock was heard at the door. . ; ,; , -,:. J 1 1 (2b be .continued.). : - 1/.;. : I } 