Music and the Drama. TUB St. Leonards Musical Society gave its first eonoert on Friday ovoning, LVcombor 17, on which oooasion a ohoioo and varied programme of songs, duets, and gloos, was translated into sweet sounds by fir. J. P. "Wilson, Mrs. Sonior, Messrs. James, Jones, Heid, Lamb, Oreen, and Miss Smith. There was a largo andionoe, inoluding a number of ladios, and .'all wont merry as a marriage bell." The opera has been most extensively patronised during the week. On Tuesday night, the Theatre. Boyal was crammed in every part, BO aa to bo Uncomfortable to most of those who wore prosont, for however highly one may esteem a fat friend, yet to be too oloio to him in a crammed theatre is any thing but ploasant. " It ia as bad_ as a damp virgin would bo in an omnibus on a rainy day. Tho por formanco was for tho benefit of Mr. Beaumont, ond tho opera was '"Maritana." The popular tonor xeoeivod quite an ovation, and indeed all tho mem bors of tho east oxortod thomsolvos with great energy to mako tho performance successful. The *' Chimes bf Normandy" and " Satanclla" have boon I xeproBontod during the week with good effect. A ' grand oonoort of aaorcd musio, solootod from tho works of tho groat composers, is announood for Christmas night. Exolusivo of the operations of tho Opera Com pany, tho chief musiaal evont that has occurred in our city for somo timo past has boen tho. rendition of Handel's "Messiah." This groat worlc waB porformod on Saturday afternoon', by members of tho Sacred Choral Association, combined with thoflo of tho Musical Union, numbering alto gether, it ia said, about -100 voices, oxolusivo of an orohostra of about 50 performers. Wo think that so .largo a nutnbor of singera was not prosont oh tho platform or orohoatra, but thero waa, nevertheless, a Tory respectable ohorua and a fair orohOBtra. That tho orohcatra was insuffioiont to givo full offoot to Homo of tho grand choruses interspersed throughout tho work may bo inferrod from tho fact than an im-» xnonsoly groator orohoatral foroo ia mado nae of in nil çho proat Handolian fostivals in England. A fow historioal memoranda will malro this oioai. At tho groat commémoration of Handel, givon in 'ÇB'âBtminator Abbey, nuder tho patronago of Goorgo III., there wero 48 first and 47 acoond violins, 2 viola«), 21 violoncellos, 15 double bassos, six Auto 26 hautboys, 26 .bassoona, 1 double bassoon, .] horns, 12 trumpots, six trombones, thÍCO pivi; drums, and ono pair of doublo drums. An orohoatr force of this kind, in somo respeots so littlo : accordanco with modern tasto, may bo fitly oompa« with the orchestral foroo omploysd- at the Band Festival in Jnne last, at which thoro were 92 fir and 85 second violins, 57 violas, 53 violonoelloo 48 doublo basses, eight flutes, six picooloa, eip! oboes, eight olanonota, eight bassoons, two doub bassoons, six trumpets, 12 hornB,' F.ix cornots, nh trombonos, three ophioloidoa, eight drams, and grand organ. Lot tho reactor compare thia migh orchestral forco with tho 50 parformors, inoludii perhaps half a dozen or loss first and as many seooi violins, two or three violas, one violoncello,'and OJ doublo bass includoi in tho available forco for tl rendition of " The Messiah " on Saturday, and oo sider also that the performance was given in a bnil injc tho acoustic defects of which are notonot and he or sho will ' bo abto to for a tolerably oloar oonception of tho diffioulti undor which tho performers laboured. Yet, notwit standing thean, difficulties, tho performance of tl work was a very fair one, and on tho whole was e tremely pleasing to the vast audience who heard i The cuts were nnmorotm. No. 6 was omitted, th is, "He shall purify," &o.; In tho full score pu fished by Peters, this number is marked Allegro, b Handel put no tempo mark to it, and the Italian da from whioh it is appropriated ia marked Andante, conaidorable portion of tho mnaio of tho Messiah borrowed from Italian love duets". This particularly the case with tho chorus» "A wo like Bheep," &c;, and, curiously too, tl duet on which this chorus is founded, opens with tl phrase of tho firßfc bar of tho Hallelujah chorus. Tl duets would most likely ' have been forgotten loi ago if Handel had not appropriated them as suitab materials for his great work. A nuinbor of oth pieces in the work wore omitted. An orohostr Omission occurred in No. 78, whioh would not 1 tolorated in a European city, namely, tho omission tho beautiful arpeggio accompaniment for 1st ai 2nd violinB to tho words, " And Io, tho angel of tl Lord," &o.; _ With rospeot ip tho tempi proper to tl work, a wide margin is left for differences ? opinion. Handol did hot mark the tempi, and hom the moBt eminent musioiana have diiïorod on tl subject. Take a few samples as proof.. Metronom quaver, " Every valley," Sir G. Smart 152. Horsh 88 ; "And ho shall purify," quaver, Sir G. Smart 14 Horsley 132; " Por unto ns/' quaver, Sir G. Sma 152, Horsley 80. These two musicians, from tl circumstances assooiatod with their lives, wor perhaps, bettor qualified than any others to give a . opinion on tho tempi whioh Handol thought the mot propor for tho work, yet they diffor with respoot 1 tho tempo of almost every number. . Conductor therefore, must either follow an arbitrary markin of tho rate of movemont in Novollo's edition, or eh bo gnidod by their own judgment ; and in cast wherein that judgment is cavilled at by podanti critics, wo, knowing'them both, assume that the coi duotor is right and tho oritio wrong. Tho vaript soloists porformod their parts exceedingly woll. Mi 'Beaumont's share of tho performance was execute in a stylo befitting his high reputation as a vooalisl It was fanltloss. Signora Link's fine soprano voie is vory powerf ni, and of a most penetrating quality bat it is not distinguished by that sweetness whw charms tho very soul of tho listener. She ex( ontea the musio Bhe has to Bing with groa accuracy, but is rathor prone to attack all notes abov. Ein the fourth spaoo, with something Iiko a squall Miss Lambert's contralto voice is rich and symps thetio, and Bhe sang evory note of tho musio of he solos with exoollont taste and judgment. We hav hoard Mr. Fairfax sing mnoh better than ho did o: this oocasion,. and Mr. Bushello was certainly ovoi weighted. In tho performance of tho pastoral sym phony we notiood that afc the seventh bar a ourion sound came from tho orohestra. Thinkingitarosefror some accidental oversight wo listenod* mos attentively to seo if it would bo repeater at the samo bar in the second -pcrformano of tho symphony, ond it was ropnatod. \Surol; Handol never wrote that squeak. In tho Dublii and Hamburg conducting acores there is a thin violin part whioh doubles tho melody an ootave be low, and in most othor editions this part ia ovaittod Tho result is that the melody is generally no doubled while tho under parts aro, contrary ix Handel's intentions. Is thoro an error in the Boon that was used on Saturday? Wo do not know. Th part which tho audience, comprising, wo think, fion four to five thousand people, had to play, was cor tainly well done. The solos and oborusos won warmly appreciated, and tho applause whiol greeted the principals at the close of euch of thei solos was demonstrative and gonoral. An interesting service and organ reoital took plaoi on Wednesday night at St. Barnabas' Church, Par ramatta-stroot, on whioh occaoion tho Rev. Joaopl Barnier road prayors, and proaohed anv.eloqucnt anc improasivo diacourso on tho duty of praising God Ho showed that the obligation to praise the Almighty arises naturally out of tho many morciea which Got .conféra on mon. Ho gave a resume of tho hiatoryol tho organ from tho singlo rood, on which it iBBuppoaec Tubal Cain played, down to the grand organ o: modern timea with its powerful bollowaaud its 150( pipos. The organ, whioh they had that day oon Bcorated to tho praiso of God, had cost about ¿£950, including tho setting np. Mr. Stanloy presided ai tho organ, and performed on it most efficiently ar andanto movomont in A, an adagio from a trio by Beethoven, and a Te Doum by Grann. Tho chou also Bang various pieces from Monk's unison S2r. vioo, some hymns and psalms from Moroor'a Oolloo tion, and an-anthem, " How lovely aro tho dwel lings," from Spohr. Tho collootiori in aid of the organ fund amounted to ¿£12. Tho organ is a vory Ifino instrument, ancLwill preatly assist in sustaining and improving tho choral portions of ' divino servioo in the Chucoh of St. Barnabas. Notwithstanding tho favonriblo regard in whioh the opora has boon held, the othor housos of amuse ment have not materially Buffered. The hillanco of opora hoarors waa ohiefly mado up of those who do not usually visit tho thoatro on any othor ocoasion. On Fiiday night last Mr. Loako repeated his imper sonation of Hamlet. Tho houso waa not so good as Mr. Loako'fl morita doaorvod. I faavo not mnoh to add to my previously expressed opinion of this gontlöinnn's intor Ïrotation of tho oharaotor of tho Prinooof Denmark, t was a singularly uneven performanoo. At.timos hodisplayod "extraordinary po wor ; at others ho waa below oven modioority. Hero and thero wore dis tributed gems of histrionic forco, and briof aentencos delivered in a manner that it would bo difficult to imagino could bo surpassod in intensity of fooling or oarnostnosB of oxprooBton. Undoubtedly tho repre sentation was ono of no oomnion ordor, and, in parts, of groat merit. Novortholcss it was on tho wholo oxooodingly disappointing. Rightly or wrongly I had formed groat expectations of Mr. Loako in this oharaotor. 1 know that ho had a good voioo. I'bo liovod him to bo intolligont. His atage prosonoo, though not by juiy goans, .perfect, iyas^ Jj waa also euro, on the whplo fair. I thougbl him painstaking, oareful toploase, and determined tc succeed. I cannot say that any of those pre-Bupposoc accessories to tho proper presentation of tho olia raotor wero in any degree absent on Friday night Yet his Hamlot was not tho Prince of Denmark thal I cxpootod to ooo. It was only a little like him, ond liko'an indifferent portrait, though not to bo ontirolj condemned, was unsatisfactory. Mr. Loako was aise imporfoafcin tho tost, which to my mind is an offend didioulb to forgive in respect ot' Shakespearian cha raotor in general, and that of Harnlot in particular Neither Mr. Emmet nor Mr. Loako ¿re to bi complimented on their folioing. Of tho- two the former waa by far the most grneoful swords man. . I suppose that most people who have roat Shiikospoaro have formed for thomaolvoB an idoa Hamlet. I have, I know. Nevertheless I soaroolj oxpocb to soo my ideal roaliaod. Of all tho Hamloti I ever saw, Walter Montgomery came nearest t< what I had imaginod, but I did not taki all that ho taught for the porfeot interpro totion of tho character. I could write i long list of Hamlets that I romombor among thom G. Y. Brooke, Barry Sullivan, Oharloi Kean, Andorson, M'Koan, Buchanan, üioharc Youngo, Charles Dillon, Claronce Holt, Creswiok and a score of others of lessor, fame. I am puzzled t< decide in what grade to plaoe Mr. Loako. 1 cannot con. scientiouBly place him in the front rank, nor do I fee disposed by any means to placo him in tho rear, have already said it was a very original rendoring o the character. Perhaps I had botter leave it at, that I would, liko to say botter things of Mr. Leake, but ai ho has not afforded me the opportunity of carrying om my intention, I nra placed at a disadvantage. I cai \- only say, therefore, that I havo soen many worsi Hamlets. It is only right to remark that ; havo seen some bettor. Of the othor» engaged Miss Melrose calls for the mest attention Her rendition of tho part of Ophelia waa good. Th( character is o.difficnlt one in evory aspect. To sa j that Miss Melrose gave a an intelligent roading of il is to say a good deal, for the oharaotor ia not alto, gether easy to interpret. There havo boon iow Ophelias in tho. world. There ia not muoh to do, ai the great poet has written the part, but suoh nt there is of it requires tao embodiment of BO manj qualifications that it is as hard to obtain a rea' . Ophelia aa it is, in my view, a thoroughly satisfae to'ry Hamlet. Miss Melrose ia to be compli 'montod on the measure of success attend ing her effertB, whioh removed hoi* imper sonation of the unhappy daughter of Polonnu far0 beyond the realms of mediocrity. Tho lady is so painstaking, and does everything committed tc her charge with such an evident determination to dc it well that she engages tho sympathy of every be holder of suoh meritorious effort. Miss Melrose has, therefore, many friends who justly regard hoi general success in Opholia as additional evidence oj her ability as an aotrosa. I have Böen Mr. Vincenl do BO many good things that I am sorry now to have to cay that his Ghost was tho worst I ever Baw. ] would not say thia if I did not know that Mr. Vincenl can do better if ho ohoosoa to try. Mr. Sefton aa th« King was not suooossfui. Mr. Emmet waa a capita Laertes, excepting always in the fenoing scene, Miss Forde looked pretty as Ojrio, and that it all that o an be said of her rendition of the part, At this theatre, sinoo Saturday a drama, entitled " Drivonfrorn Home," but whioh waa formorly pre sented under another title, has been performed. Mr. Vincent and MÍSB K. Douplass havo borne tho bruni of the struggle, and such iaurols as may bo gathered from such a tree they havo nightly eeonrod. Tho second amateur dramatio performance in aid of tho fund for relieving necessitous wtóess and orphans of Freemasons was givon in (S&s; Opera House on Tuesday evoning by Miss Maggie Olivor, Mr. J. H. Ramford, and tho mombors of the Morcan tilo Dramatio Assooiatiom, assisted by the ladios oi the Opera House. The house was orowded in all its patts, tho dross cirole prosonting an unusually gay appoaranoe. Among thoso present ww» most of tho prominent members of the Grand Lodge of N.S.W. with a nnmber of publio mon and other leading colonists. The drama represented was Tay lor's " Tioket-of-Leave Man," and it was put on the stave im a manner that reflected orodit on all con cerned. Mr. Eainford sustained tho character of Bob Priorly, and did BO in a mannor that won repeated plaudits from tho audionoe. Mr. A. Isaaos played Hawkshaw tho Detective, and fully brought ont the prominent features tho part contains. Mr. Buoklo aa Jim Dalton, and Mr. StoKes aB Melter Moss both played well, and were deservedly ap plauded. Miss Maggio Oliver brought out all the humour of tho part ef Sam Willoughby, and Miss Medway was at her best ns Mary Edwards. On the whole tho performance fully deserved tho patronage it received, and.as an experiment it may bo repeated with safety on any occasion. On Monday, otherwise Boxing Day, entertainments suitable to the oooasion will bo presented. At tho Eoyal a grand panorama of English and Australian Boonery, painted by Mr. Gordon, will bo presented. Tho London Comedy Corñpanyl aro also not likely, to be far away, though tho full programme has not yot beon printed. At tho neat little Gaiety, Mr. Fred. Marshall ÍB to appear an Quilp in a dramatised version of the " Old Curiosity Shop." Hore also wo shall renew acquain tance with many old and young friends, among thom Miss Melrose, Mr. Emmet, Mr. Martin, and obhors. At tho Queen's tho timo-honourod pantomimo is to hold sway,' and wo shall bo affordod an opportunity of renow'ing our noquaintanoe with tho old old story of " Jack tho Giant Killer," Miss Kate Foley, always a favourite in Sydnoy as elsewhere will Bhow us tho doughty deeds of the rodonbtablo Jaok. 