CHAPTER XVI.-BELLA GOES ON A VISIT. "Hero's a fine chance for Bella," exclaimed Mr. Scratoholl, after reading his patron's curt epistle. "She is togo and spend Christmas at the Water House." ' .' . " My word, won't she have a blow out of mince pies," exclaimed tho youthful Adolphus, who, from being somewhat restricted as to the good things of this life, was apt to take a material view of pleasure . " Bella doeßn't care twopence for mince-pies," said Clementine. " She likos dresses and bonnets. Sho would live on broad and water for a month for the sake of a protty dress." Bella herself wns not enthusiastic about tho invitation to the Water House. "I don't see how I can go, papa," she said. "Mrs, Pijjer wants mo to look after tho, house keeping, and to see to the children's early dinner. Mr. Piper hates carving for BO many." " Mrs. Piper must do without you. She'll know your value all tho better if she loses your services for a week or two." "You ought not to refuse such an invitation, Bella," said Mrs. Scratchcll. " Christinas-tinio and all, Mr. Harefield would bo sure to give you a ho,ndsome present." " I might run across to the Park every morning, perhaps, even if I were staying at the Water House," Bolla suggested, presently. She had been thinking deeply for tho last few moments. ' "Of coiirae you might," answered her father. It's not ten minutes' walk through the fields." So Mr. Harefield's letter was answered to the effoct that Bella would bo delighted to stay with her dear Miss Harefield, and would be with her that evening. And all day long there was a grand starching and ironing of cuffs, collars, and petti coats, at which the younger Misses Scratchcll as sisted. "I shall find out all about Cyril," thought Bella. "What a socret naturo sho must have to have hidden everything from me so long ! I have seen her look shy and strange when sho met him, and havo half suspected; but I could not think, that if Bhe really cared for hinij Bho woidd hide it from ¡mo." r Balla and her worldly goods arrived at tho Water House after dark on the December evening j Bella -walking under the escort of her brother Herbert, tho worldly goods accompanying her in a wheelbarrow. Bella found Beatrix alone in the up-stairs sit ting-room, whioh had been called the school-room ever since Miss Scales had been paramonnt at the Water House. It was a good old panelled room, with old oak furniture of tho Dutch school that had been there since the day3 of tho Stuarts ; old bluo and white Delft jars, and old pictures that nobody ever looked at j a high carved oak mantel piece, with a shelf just wide enough to carry the . '.tiny tea-cups of the Queen Anne period ; an old , fashioned fire-place, set round with blue and white tiles; a sombre Turkey carpet, with a good deal of yellow in it, and thick woollen curtains of a curi ous flowered stuff. To Bella it was simply one of the handsomest rooms in the world, and she felt angry with Beatrix for her want of gratitude to a Providouce that had sot her in tho midst of such äürroündinga. Beatrix roöoivod. her old playfellow affectionately Öho was Midro cheerful tliis evening than she had been siuee her father had forbidden her visits ¿J tho Vicarage. . "A most wonderful thing 1mshappened,Balla," Bhe said, when they had kissed. Bella had taken off her hat and was comfortably seated in an arin : chair by the fire. " Miss Scales has gone for a fortnight's holiday, and you and I aro to bo our own mistressos all Christmas- time." "Hownice!" cried Bolla. "Isn't it P My father did notât all liko it, I believe. But an old aunt of Miss Scales's-an aunt who is supposed to havo money-has been so kind as to get dangerously ill, and Miss Scales has been sont for to attend her sick-bed. Sho lives in some unknown corner in Devonshire, quite on tho other side of tho map ; so less than a fortnight's leave of absence would hardly have been any use, and papa was compelled to givo it. I am put upon parole d'honneur, to pay no vieits ; but I may drive where I like in the pony-carriage on fine days, and ride as often as Jarvis will let me." ..Jarvis waa the groom who had taught Beatrix to ride her pony ten years ago, when Mr. Namby had suggested riding as a healthy exercise for the palo and puny child. "It will be very nico," said Bella. "Very nico for mo. But I'm afraid it will bo a dreadfully dull Christmas for you, Bella. You will wish yourself at home. Christmas must bo so cheerful in a largo family." "I can endure the loss of ahorno Christmas with exemplary resignation," replied Bella, with a graceful little shrug of her pretty shoulders. "I think if there is onetime more trying than another in our house, it is Christmas. The chil dren haye a vague idea that they aro going to en joy' themselves-and it shows a wonderful gift of blind faith that they can havo such an idea, after BO,many disappoiutment3. They maleo tho par lours uncomfortable with holly and laurels, and club together for a bunch of misteitoo to hang in the passage; they make poor ma promiso them .'snap-dragon and hot elder wino; and then on Christmas-eve ono of the boys contrives to break a window, or to upset papa's office inkstand, which holds about a quart, and then tho whole family are in .disgraoe. Papa and mamma havo words; tho hoof is underdone on Christmas-day, and papamos awful language about the housekeeping; tho boys go out for an afternoon walk to avoid tho &torm; in-doors, and perhaps got caught in the rain out-of-doors, and spoil their best clothes. After tea, pa and ma havo a long talk by tho fire, while wo small onc3 squabble over ringt-cb-un at the. table, and wo know by thoir faces that they are talking about New-Year's bills, and then we.all go to bod feeling miserable, without know ing exactly why." " Poor Bolla !" said Beatrix, compassionately. " It does soe in very h. ard thatsomo people should have more money than they know what to do with, and otherB BO much too little. It's qidte puzzling. . The trees and flowers have everything equally, sun and rain, and dew and frost." ? "No thoy don't" said Bella. "The trees aee life from different aspects.. Some have all the southern sun, and others all the northern blasts. You are like a carefully trained peach-tree on a south wall and I am a poor little shrub in a gloomy corner facing north." " Bella," cried Beatrix, " do yoi* seriously be lieve that there is much sunshine in my life ?" "Plenty," answered Bella. " You have never known the want of money." " But money cannot niako happiness." " Perhaps not, but it can make a very good imi tation. And I know that tho want of money can niako very roal unhappiness." " Poor Bella !" sighed Beatrix again. " Oh, as for mo," said Bella, " I am very well off since I've beon nt the Piper's. And then you . have always been so kind to mo. I am the favoured one of the family. But it is trying to seo how my poor mother is worried, and how she worries every one olso, in tho struggle to make both ends uieot. And now tell me about yourself, Beatrix. Papa _ jsaidyou had been ill." ""Miog Sealos and Mr. Namby have made up . ' their minds that I am ill," answered Beatrix, in ??:< ? differently; "but except that I can't sloop, I don't think there's niuoh the matter." ? " But that is very dreadful," exclaimed Bella. . *r;Do you mean to say that you are not able to sleep at all ?" ."Very little. Somotimes I lie awake all. night ; ?. ? sometimes I get up and walk-about my room, and \- look out of the window at tho moor and tho river. \- . They look so strange and ghost-like in the dead of \- the night-not a bit like the moor and river wo '. ¿now by day. Sometimes I light my candle and ' read." " And you never sleep ?" "Towards the morning I sometimes drop off into a doze, but I always wako with a start, just aa if the surprise of finding myself asloep had | . awakened mo." And hasn't Mr. Namby given you anything to ; make you sleep ?" asked Bella. " No. Ho has given me tonic3, and he says when I get strong the sleeplessness will leave me. He haB refused to give me au opiate, though I begged very hard for something that would send mo to sleep." *' That seems cruel," said Bella,, " bub I supposo he is right. I think li ¡ ia a very clover little man. Mrs. Piper has moro confidence in him than in Dr. Armytage, who has a big fee every time ho comes over from Great Yafford, and who never seems to do anything bub approve of what Mr. Namby is doing. Or perhaps ho makes some slight alteration in the diet- recommends sago instead of tapioca, or Madeira instead of sherry." "Is Mrs. Piper very ill?" "Dreadfully ill, poor thing ! It is an internal complaint that is killing her. Sho struggles against it, but I think sho knows that it is killing her." " How sad for her children !" " YÛS, poor little things ! She is a very good mother-perhaps a little too strict, birt mostcare f ni of her children. They will miss hor dread fully. I'm afraid Mr. Piper is tho sort of man to marry again." " Obj surely nob !" cried Beatrix, " that fat, red faosd man, with a figure like a barrel. Who would marry him?" " Who would refuse him-and his money " Oh, Bolla, now surely you would nob marry such a man as that-for all the money in tho world?" " I would not, well as I know the value of money. But 1 have no doubt there are plenty of girls who would. And now, Beatrix, toll mo why you never go to tho Vicarage now." " Simply because my father ha3 forbidden me." " How unkind ! But ho must have some reason for such a step." " He has 1Ú3 reasons, no doubt." '.And has he not told you what thoy are?" " Don't let us talk about it, please, Bella dear. I had rather speak of anything else." " Of course, ' thought Bella, " the whole thing is quite elear." 