The Plea for Unions. Few things in our day cause more arguments and disputes than the existence of "unions" of men employed in the various " trades," and the endeavours of these unions to keep up wages, and to raise them higher. One of the most powerful of the unions in Great Britain is the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, which includes many kinds of iron-workers, we believe. It appears that some one, in the newspapers, has been alleg- ing that this great " union" is falling away, and likely to die. A powerful answer to this has been sent as a letter to the papers, and maintains the contrary. And we extract it from a Glasgow paper of Oct. 2, as follows, for the general information it gives as to the work done by the Amalgamated Society of Engineers : AMALGAMATED SOCIETY OF ENGINEERS. " A Member," Barrow-in-Furness, writes : In a lengthy article which appeared in the columns of your weekly contemporary of the 18th September, the writer, professing that a few years ago he regarded the above Society as a model trades' organisation, with a large membership, well managed, and in every respect worthy of the confidence reposed in it, then proceeds with an amount of ingenuity really marvellous to prove that the said Society is in the last stage of consumption, and that in fifteen months hence it will have given up the ghost and be a thing of the past. I am rather afraid that in this instance, as in many others, such unscrupulous and cowardly attacks on this and kindred societies the wish is father to the thought, and, further, I think it will not be necessary to wait the stipulated fifteen months to prove that the wish is not very likely to be realised for although the writer appears to have had all the statistics of the Society at his command, he only selected a few items which by a little clever manipulation would make white appear black. He states that in December 1878 the reserve fund had been reduced to £251,675, and in December 1879, it had been further reduced to £141,110, and consequently his prophesying of a total collapse in fifteen months. The writer might have informed the public that when making the above extracts he had the figures before him which showed that in 1866 the Society had a reserve fund of £138,113, and that in 1869 (when a similar depression in trade was felt throughout the entire manufacturing world as in the year that is past the reserve fund had been reduced to £76,176, or nearly one half, Still, the Society managed to pull through. Not only so, but as a proof of the stability of its constitution, the same table shows that from the latter date to 1876 the reserve fund had increased to £275,146-an increase in the seven years of £198,970. True, the falling off in trade, and consequent want of employment that have existed since that date have had the same effect, in reducing that fund as on previous occasions, and had : writer the vaguest financial knowledge it would have told him that it is only the certainty of such periodical depression in trade (as we hope and believe we have seen the last of for a time) that necessitates the members of that Society taxing themselves in the amount of weekly contributions, which they have hitherto not only willingly paid, but supplemented by additional levies, to give further relief to the numerous cases of extreme distress that have existed amongst their more unfortunate members. In fact the writer of the article in question might have at the same time (having the necessary figures before him informed us that the Society had not only reduced their reserve fund during the past, perhaps most disastrous year for trade ever known either in- this or any other country, by the amount, as he states, of £110,559, but they had paid an additional £90,803, or a total of £201,362, for relief of members in that year, distributed as follows: -To assist members out of employment, £149,931 to sick members, £26,514 to old members, as superannuation, £17,736; for accidents, £1800; for funeral money to members and their wives, £7387 ; the whole of which has been paid out of their ordinary contributions, in addition to which the members in work have levied themselves during the year to the tune of £26,954 for further assistance to their own. members when in extreme distress, and to assist members of other trades and I think it is more than doubtful that, had it not been for the provident and commendable habits of the working classes in providing for such times of extreme depression by join- ing that and kindred societies, the writer of the article in question would have had to pay a portion of the above in poor-rates, for. The writer concludes his wonderful production by the startling announcement that there has been a decrease in membership during the past eventful year to the number of 726, which he accounts for by saying that those shrewd engineers are leaving the membership in such wholesale numbers on the same principle that rats instinctively desert a sinking ship. I should like the writer to name a single society whose resources are dependent entirely on the support of the working classes that has kept up its membership during that very exceptional year. The rules of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers are exceptionally favourable for retaining their membership during such a severe crisis, as no member is expected to pay but only when in work, under all other circumstances the rules providing for his assistance, except a member lose his work through his own misconduct. But in addition to the usual loss of members that all Societies are subject to through carelessness, emigration, &c;, if the writer had been friendly disposed he would have told us that no less than 533 of the 726 left the Society under no less compulsory circumstances than death. Thus it was unfortunately the rats that sank, and left the ship smoothly and majestically sailing along the sea of prosperity. But it has been said that fools rush in where angels fear to tread, and I can only conclude that the author of the article in question is one of there persons that society always has been pestered with, for, had he been in possession of the most ordinary knowledge of the subject he ventured to meddle with, he would have known that the Society he attacked have incorporated amongst their other rules one to the following effect As Every member of this Society shall pay at the rate of 1s per week as contribution, unless otherwise provided for by these rules, but when the funds are reduced to £3 per member the contri. j butions shall be increased by such sum per week as will sustain the funds at that amount. As it has not yet been found necessary to resort to the latter provision, and the most recent returns showing that trade has already improved to such an extent that the Society is now gaining funds at the rate of 3d per member, or something over £500 per week, there does not appear much probability of seeing the ghost in fifteen months. In conclusion, Mr. Editor, I can only say that the article in question is one of the most extraordinary displays of ignorance, or of something worse, I ever had the misfortune to have my attention drawn to. 