YOUNG IRELAND: A FRAGMENT OF IRISH HISTORY. BY SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY. K.C.M.G. CHAPTER IV.—A. BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF IRISH HISTORY (Continued). Nearly a generation had elapsed since the Plantation of Ulster, when the troubles between Charles and his Parliament approa ched a crisis. The Scots rose against the lti«p and invaded England in the interest of the Opposition, and (Charles summoned ti his ftidthearnjywlii.il Went worth main tained in Ireland; an aruiy recruited in part front Irish Catholics. In the House of Commons this project evoked a storm of resistance. It was permissible tJ call a Scottish army into England, and it was a natural ri^ht, which n.i one would be mad enough to dispute, to *<n& an English army into Ireland; but if an Irish army were brought into England, nu any pretence whatever, that was an outrage sufficient to release subjects from their allegiance. The Irish, who did not quits see the force of this distinction, be^an to bestir themselves. They heard of threats in the Commons that Popery must be extir pated ; Pym, the leader of the Puritans in the House of Commons, boasted, it was •aid, that Parliament would not leave a Papist in Ireland; they noted the successful rebellion of th« Scots; they saw their old enemies in conflict, and the time seemed propitious to regain their ancient lands, and to save those which remained from obse quious fudges and panic-stricken juries. Roger lioore, a man greatly gifted both to project and to persuade, and whom con* temporaries of all parties pronounce of unblemished honor, brought leading men together, kindled them with his own con victions, and in line there was now a genuine conspiracy on foot to seize the neat of government and summon the Irish race to arms. The servant of one of the conspirators betrayed his master, several of the leaden were seized, and the government in Dublin put effectually on their guard. But the North was beyond their control. There the clans who were pillaged by James, or their immediate descendants, rose on an autumn night forty j thousand strong, led by Sir Phelim O'Neill and other chiefs of their own blood, drove • out the English and Scotch settlers, and re nossessed themselves of their ancient tribal i lauds. This is the transaction known to ttaffiish writers as the " Great Popish lte bemon," and the K Popish Massacre." ity whatever contumelious nickname it may be branded, what happened in Ireland is what would nave happened in any branch of the hunan family. When a favorable oppor tuaity offered they " spoiled the spoiler." 8a the Saxons dealt with their Norman conquerors, as far ae their power and op porlunity permitted, and the Dutch with their Spanish conquerors, and the Sicilians with their French conquerors. Thoiurh there were dreadful excesses committed bv both parties in the end, it is certain beyond all controversy, that the tint aim of the Irish was to regain their own without any sacrifice of life. When blood is shed it is like kindling the prairie, no one can anv longer pretend to limit the devastation. .But there were some signal instances of ptuderation; certain priests, it is recorded, concealed fugitives under their altars;, and a bishop of the Protestant Eatablifih sMflt, who had distinguished himself by humane conduct in his day of power, was permitted in the very focus of the insurrec tion, to fill his house with English settlers, aa* shelter them from all molestation. The contemporary accounts of the transaction am quite as untrustworthy as the narra tives of Titus Oates and his confederates. The settlers depended absolutely on the support of England for maintaining their position. Many of them had suffered grievously, and the remainder were in danger of losing the fruit of all their toil and enterprise. What sort of stories they sent to Westminster under such circumstances to inflame the ceal of their partisans may be conceived. All Puritan England was ready to believe, and eager to hear, new marvels of Irish iniquity. Pious tears and rage were excited by a description of the g-hoste of murdered Protestants appearing in broad daylight, day after day, on the bridge of Portadown, wringing their hands and ut tering piercing shrieks for an avenger. One peculiarly stubborn ghost held his ground for more than a month. A bishop was among the witnesses of these impressive facts; which exhibited, as one can conceive, heaven itself among the allies of the planta tora. The theory finally adopted by English and Anglo-Irish writers generally with respect to this transaction, when the clouds of prejudice and misrepresentation were blown away, is perplexing to human reason, 'lo seize the hereditary lands of (ha Irish race, and drive out the in habitants from the pastoral valleys and rich alluvial plains which they and theirs had enjoyed since the dawn of history, wasa wise stroke of statemanabip it seems; but to asice the same lands occupied for a single generation by English settlers, and drive out the inhabitants, in order to replace the original population in their own posses sions, was a crime of incredible greed and cruelty. Fairly judged at this day, it must be admitted that the transfer of the land back to its original owners was made with as little premeditated violence as in any agrarian revolution with which it can be fairly brought into comparison. Bloody reprisals were the custom of the a -a. In the Netherlands, in Italy, and in 1-ranee the faction of the Catholics and the faction of die Reformers killed and ravaged with out remorse. That a race whose chiefs had been trapped like wild beasts, or assassi nated in the r&rj; offices at hospitality, among whom the tragedy of die Pacata H&enua;, and the kindred tragedy of the Plantation were performed, should have been stung into no deadlier a humor will be for ever a marvel to men who have studied human history and human nature. The outrages shamefully exaggerated were do part of the original design. The ruing, when it fell under the guidance of Roger j (/More, finally swelled into a revolution, i had its Parliament at Kilkenny, to which Charles sent ambassadors, and its armies in the field, to which in the end he would gladly have committed his cause, and con ducted its measures with notable clemency and moderation.+ In the Irish Parliament, known as the Confederation of Kilkenny, the Catholics •LeUnd's HUtorg offidmnd. Lelandwaaa PmfeMor of Triuity Oolkge, Dublin, and a tftapleifl to the Lord-Lieutenant in the time of Omw 111. The Scotch were treated with neannar forbearance. The Irian made procla mstimi, ea pain of death, that no Scotsman •aeuM be mofaated ia body, good*, or laud*.- CmiJsOrmoud.l,m. f Unless on the hypothesis that there ii a MfMtiwlNM of divine an* human jaatiae sa4 a atpstmts law «f nature asplMabU to Inlaid, it ia aiOuraUto account for toe con uadlatery judgment which a man ordinarily so wise sad jimc a* Mr. Oariyle applies to nearly idtalioaleiiminwUseMia Ireland sod Franca. In talsad the agricultural population, driven wild hf pillage and oppression, rose and tHUJMMiniI themselves of land* reaeotly taken front them, and in the procesa committed and endured oruel excauw; in France the a^rioul tarol population, ator limg ffrpnumi and pillagfHl mm end burned the chateaux of the noblesse, who bad SMMrawl them for centuries, killed tha awaers whenever they could Gad them, sod whoa their partiaane were in priaoo rose ia coa juMti?? with edt* mob and mordensd them in ooMMoad. Of the Irishtwmssstin? Mr. Oariyle kM written a vehement and rninm—nred con demnation. Of fee rrsnsfa must ore he says -■otiiMa ia lands that had known equal jastiaa. Met ss uaaataral ia land* that Had se«sr know* it. It tmg qui omit eat 3 done ti pttr 1 aak* Barnave, intimating that the gallows though by irregular method! bw it* «<ra."— Udyle's #V«w* iUwlutum. 'of both races were fully represented. Owen O'Neil, known iu Irish annals as Owen llue, a soldier who had acquired skill and ex perience in the armies of Spain, came to the aid of his countrymen. Throughout the war he exhibited sagacity, soldiership, and patriotism, but he was constantly thwarted by the Anglo-Irish, who were 1 more solicitous for the security of Charles 1 than for the rights of the nation. It is the flory of Hampden and Falkland to have loved England better than they loved the I ' king; and Owen Roe certainly loved Ireland better than he loved the king. The P«>pe sent a nuncio to aid the Irish with his advice, and with the nuncio came some help in money and arms. It is not neces sary to follow through its vary ins for -1 tunes a war which the Confederate Catholics maintained for sis stormy years.* They were %hting for freedom of con science, as the Scots at Ike same time were fighting' for it; as the Butch, somewhat earlier, had fought for it. They did not succeed iu escaping from b^ndWe, but the wrath of their keepers at the attempt deserves the sympathy of mankind iu the same measure as the rage of a slave-driver whose tranquility has been disturbed by unexpected resistance to the lash. When Charles was deposed and executed, Cromwell carried his victorious army across the Channel to conquer Ireland for the Commonwealth, liis campaign was as coldly merciless as was Alva's in the Netherlands, or Carew's in Desmond. We are assured on high authority that he was in truth a humane and beneficent ruler, who only struck hard because it was neces sary to execute divine justice on the authors of the Ulster rising. In pursuance of this meritorious policy he besieged Drogheda, which was held for the king, and put to the sword the entire garrison and the popula tion of all ages and both eexes, nobody being spared. The massacre continued for two days, and a score or two inhabitants who alone escaped were sent as slaves to the tobacco plantations. Among the gar rison was an English regiment, commanded by an English cavalier, and as Droprheda always lay withiu the English pale, where the native Irish were long forbidden to in habit a walled town, the traders and citizens were almost without exception Catholic of English blood. He repeated this lesson of divine justice at Wexford. There the garrison and population were Irish, but Irish of the south ; there is no reason to believe that it contained one soldier or citizen who had ever crossed the U<>yne, or been any more associated with Sir I'helim O'Neill than with Praise God Karebones. The modern justification for these massacre* is, therefore, ejmewhat de fective in its facts.f Cromwell was now undisputed master, and a perutd followed which we are ex horted to recognise as the sole era when an authentic God-given ruler made divine justice prevail in the land. Of his divine government of Ireland the naked facts are these :—Two years after the war was at an end, aad when the fighting men of Ireland to the number of 40,000 had been en couraged to take mrvice with Spain, he drove out by beat of drum the entire Catholic population of three provinces, excepting only hinds useful to hold the plough or herd the docks of the conqueror. Aged men and women, feeble and sickly persons, many who were protected by general treaties, others who were protected by special terms of submission, some who had received personal guarantees for per sonal services, were driven across the Shaunon to find a shelter if they could aaiong the bogs of Connaught, and their Lnds divided among his soldiery. Peers and knights who had fought for the king, to whom they had sworn allegiance, were held by the representative of divine justice tu have incurred this penalty. If they re turned they became liable to capital punish ment. Of the children of the poorer people, seized in a rope like Herod's, he caused 1,000 boys to be kidnapped and sold as slaves in the West Indies, and 1,000 innocent Irish girls to be sent to Jamaica to a fate which would scarcely be adequately avenped if the authentic rater spent an eter nity in the region to which the cavilier toasts consigned him. The admitted aim of the Lord Protector was to extirpate the Irish race, and his policy is still known among them as the " Curse of Cromwell." If this be indeed the art of divine government it was afterwards practised more successfully in the fusillades and noyadea of the French Jacobins, and in the Bulgarian atrocities painted by a modern orator; and it reaches its perfection in the management of a prize by pirates, when the crew are made to walk the plank, and the booty distributed among the victors. Cromwell s conduct is still defended on the same fanatical pre tences employed to justify the expulsion of the Huguenots from France, the Moors from Spain, the Jews from England, and the Christians from Japan, and the ground* are good for all of them, or, as I believe, for none of themf Before Cromwell's policy was carried to complete success the Restoration brought back the Stuarts. Charles 11. having com pensated or reinstated a host of royalists ejected from their estates in England, turned his attention to Ireland. The enemies of hu house were in possession of the lands confiscated under Cromwell; and the friends of his house, f t the original pro prietors, who were the'last to lay down arms for his father, some of whom had shared his own exile, were in penury and destitution. It was a case needing prompt handling, and Charles handled it with un usual promptitude. To pacify the Irish Puritans he confirmed the settlement of property under the Commonwealth. That is to say, Cromwell had given to his soldiers die estates of all the Catholic gentlemen who had fought for the house of Stuart, and the restored house of Stuart graciously confirmed the arrangement. Charles would probably have preferred doing justice if justice could be done without m uch personal inconvenience. But he loved his harlots and jesters too well to run risks, and to do justice in this matter was made difficult by a sentiment always powerful in England; a sentiment which has created a perpetual barrier between the two nations, and which while it exists will never suffer them to unite. His English Parlia ment, crowded with Cavaliers and returned exiles, would not have helped him to displace Englishmen, though they were Cromwellians, to make place for Irishmen, though they were lloyaliste. His impulse to do justice was at beet not very strong; a slice of confis cated land remained at the disposal of the Crown, with which he might have made a provision f«ra few more of the worst cases of injustice; but bis heart was touched with fraternal affection, and be gave the bulk of it—a hundred and seventv thousand acres and upwards—uot to Irish" sufferers, but to his brother James. § Although the Cavalier parliament did not give their * Before the close of the war Owen Roe suddenly died ; poisoned, as it m somewhat rashly concluded. 1 See Cromwell'* - Declaration for the Un deceiving of Deluded People," in a note at the eud of the chapter. * The difficulty of harmonising the opinion of the two nation* respecting representative men is uot Iras utriking in this en than iu any that preceded it. The inspired eyes which eaw the heaven* opened could discern nothing but evil in Irish Gasnolios fighting for liberty of con science, or in Irish Presbyterian* when they were troublesome toOromwelL The author of "Bobinson Crusoe," born to delight the youth of all nation*, make* it a bitter reproach to Oliver that he abandoned the scheme he had under consideration to expel the whole Irish ram from Ireland. § There were nearly 8,000,000 acrea to dispose of without interfering with Oromwelliaa occu pation. Two millions and a quartet were given estates to its Irish allies, it is needless to say that it did not quite overlook them. It compelled the king to withdraw a rash iu dulgence by which they were permitted to practise their religion." It passed a Test Act, by which no person could hold any olttce, civil or military, without subscribing a declaration against transubstantiation; and as bullocks from Meath and Kildare brought down the price of fat stock in the English market, it declared the importation of cattle from Ireland to be a public nuisance. This was the reign of the «Mcuic Monarches time of national enjoyment and revelry in England, interrupted only by an English Popish plot and massacre more deliberate and bloody than the plot and massacre in Ulster, over which history is so clamorous. The plot was the famous inven tion of Titus Oates; the massacre, the trial, conviction and murder of his victims for eighteen months, whose execution went on merrily long after judges and juries had ceased to believe a syllable of the evidence. If the Catholic king, who soon followed, I had been strong and merciless as Cromwell, if he had slaughtered the judges, juries, and spectators of this massacre and their contem poraries indiscriminately for the offence of being alive at the period, if he had sent ni<?n in thousands to be slaves in the West ladies, and women to a worse fate, he would be gratified to-day, doubtless, to be recog nised as a benevolent agent of Divine justice. When James 11. embroiled himself with hia English subjects by attempting to make changes by royal prerogative, which could only be legitimately made by Act of Par liament, he sought support in Ireland. The Irish never loved James, but bis present offences were not Such as could reasonably be expected to move their indignation. He was a Catholic, and he sought to extend religious liberty to Catholics and Dis senters. If bis method was harsh and arbitrary, the boundaries of royal preroga tive were ill- defined, and nations have never been alow to condone offences com mitted in their own interest. A little biter the strictest Scottish Whigs forgave Wil liam for suspending laws by his royal autho rity in Scotland; thoiurh suspending laws by royal authority was the offence for which his predecessor had been driven from the throne. James selected ag Lord- Lieutenant is'lreland Richard Talbot, the head of an Anglo-Norman house which still remained Catholic, created him Duke of Tyrconnel, and gave him his confidence in a degree unusual to bis frigid nature. Talbot is credited with a plentiful cata logue of vices by English writers. It is probable that he was boastful and profli gate, and perhaps unveracious, but he was certainly bold, resdute, and devoted to his master and to the nation he was sent to rule. We must judge him by his age and bis contemporaries. He was far from being so unscrupulous a partisan as Shaf tesburv. the spokesman of resistance in England, and be was a generous and chivalrous gentle man compared to the hero of Jilenheim and Malplaquet. When a conspiracy to brimr in the Prince of Orange began to be talked rf, Talbot disarmed a large number of Pro testant gentlemen, whom he suspected of iympathy with William, and armed and regimented the native population whom he tnsw to be friendly to James. What slse, indeed, was an agent of James ■o do? The Protestant gentrv were ror the most part heirs of Crom urelUan settlers, and hated James as a fapbt, and feared him as a king who might ■all in question their title to their estates. Chey themselves had taken much stricter )recautions; when they were in power, a Jatholic was not permitted to possess the limplest weapon of defence; half-a-dozen Catholics meeting in Dublin or its neigh wrhood constituted an illegal assembly, iod in country districts Catholics were not illewed to leave their parish, except to ittend the neighboring market. In periods )f alarm the precaution has been taken by ill Governments in Ireland before and lince: but so singular are the canons of criticism applicably to Irish affairs, that a }oble historian, who was a Cabinet Minister mder Queen Victoria when arms were aken from Munster Catholics and distri cted among Ulster Orangemen, treats his precaution of Tryconnell's as a grave .nd exceptional offence. The principal employments, civil and nilitary, in Ireland were necessarily testowed on native Catholics. "The ■ighest offices of state in the fanny and [in he Courts of Justice (groans Lord Macau ay 1 were with scarcely an exception illed by Papists. " * It was Jan ititoler ible grievance certainly in a Catholic uuntry, under a Catholic king who bad mly a handful of Protestant partisans in he island, that Catholics were <k> em >luyed. To be sure in England when lames'* opponents got the upper hand, the ligheat otiicee of state in the army and in he court* without a single exception were illed by Protestants, but that was "Lien afferent." While the Prince of Onnge, n correspondence with some of James's >rivy councillors and generate, was col ecting on the coast of Holland an army of )utch, French, and German troops to nvade his kingdom, the king eum noned to his aid a portion of his irmy in Ireland, recruited, like the army if his father, in a large pwt from Irish Catholics. An army similarly recruited ince won memorable victories for Eugland n Spain, Belgium, and France, in Africa, Lsia, and Australasia, but the proposal pas received with a roar of indignation rod a deluge of libels. At the aame time wo Irish judges, one of them recognised iven by unfriendly critics aa the foremost nan of hia race, were sent to London to nake certain representations respecting he condition of Ireland. Thesa officials would have been received with distinction Lt Versailles or the Escuriel; in London he mob surrounded their carriage with >urlesque ceremonies, among which pota -oes stuck on white wands were con ipicuous. The favorite jester of the pre lent day, whe ordinarily pictures an Irish nan as a baboon or a gorilla, is scarcely nore delightfully humorous: and the per rersity of a people who do not love such •harming pleasantries has naturally been he despair of English writers down to our )wn age.t James fled to France and left his enemies n possession of England and Scotland. In Ireland Tyrconnell held the country for the iing, and seut him advice to head a French expedition to Dublin, where he would be loyally welcomed and reinstated iu a king- Join. Louis XIV. gave him officers, arms, unmunition, and a little money, but no to Irish in possession, Irish of English descent, Irish declared inuocent, or saved tinder provi lion* in the Act of Settlement; to English nurtiers or soldiers there were given four millions and ■ half. James got a great slice of the remainder. See Mr. Prendergast's in valuable •' Oromwellian Settlement." * Macauky's England, Vol. 11. p. 70. t While James was meditating a eight to France, come good friend of toe revolution in iulged iu a playful device of a more practical sort. A crowd of fugitive* whose dress bespoke them ploughmen and laborers, rushed into London ?t midnight, shrieking the dreadful new* that the Irish army were iu full march on the city, burning houses and slaughtering women and children iu their course. letters oontaining horrible vuroious of this Popish atrocity were delivered in dislaut and widely sundered districts of the country at the same time. The citizens rose and armed iu self defence, and aa no enemy appeared they passed the time agreeably in Backing and burning the bouses of Oatholic gentlemen and tradesmen. Fhe enemy never appeared, and the story turned sat to be a pious fraud; a partisan of the Whigs afterward* claimed the merit of having schooled the shrieking fugitive* with his own lips, and written the letter* with his proper band. soldiers; and with this poor provision lie landed at Kinsale iu the spring of 10«!l. The Irish received him in triumph; in stalled him in Dublin Castle, the traditional seat of authority, and the best men of the race tendered him their service. A Parlia ment was summoned. It necessarily con sisted almost exclusively of Catholics. The I Protestants elected amounted to about half a dozen. The Protestant peers who answered the King's summons reached about the same number, including three Protestant bishops; but small as the number was, it was certainly in excess of the proportion of Protestants in the country who supported James. The Government was chiefly Catholic also, though James had. several English Protestants in his Cabinet; but they were necessarily the minority. * * Lord Macaulay is disgusted at the number of O'Neills and O'Donovaus, MacMahons and afacnamaras who thronged the benches; a phenomenon as amazing as to see Smiths and Brownes, Greens and Kobinsons in the parlia ment of Westminster. Other modern writers hare made the scanty representation of tbe minority a subject of reproach. How the Irish Catholics could have been M bigoted as to pre fer entrusting their interests to men of their own race and faith is amazing to writers of a nation who, two centuries later, out of fire hundred and fifty representatives of England, Scotland and Wales, do not elect a single Oatholic gentleman. The peculiar and excep tional law to which Irish transactions are sup posed to be subject ia a marvel. James took his government from the rank of his supporters for the most part. "It was now," says lotJ Macaulay in a fine burst of in dignation *' impossible to establish in Ireland a just and beneficent government; a govern ment whioh should know no distinction of race or need." This it seems was the sort of govern ment which it was inoumbent on James to *et up in Ireland in the seventeenth century. In England a different system of equity was doubt less proper, for the noble historian records with entire approval, that all James's appointments of Catholics to office were immediately annulled by William and Mary; that English peer* whe bad become Oatbolie* were committed to the Tower for high treason; that before James had reached Calais the popish prietts were in exile or in prison; and no monk who valued his life dare show himself in the habit of bis order; aud that finally Irish soldiers were net permitted to remain in England; in short, that distinction of race and creed was the cardinal point on which the action of the administration in Eng land turned. ( To te continued.) 