LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE ENGLISH CHURCH SCHOOL, PASKEVILLE. Although Green's Plains is the oldest agricultural settlement on the Peninsula, the residents have been badly off so far as places of worship are concerned, especially has this been the case with those belonging to the Church of England. Some short time since, however, Mr Thomas Price very kindly presented the Church with a block of ground, and in consequence arrangements were made for building a Church, the foundation stone of which was laid by Miss E. A. Price on Wednesday last, in the presence of a large number of the residents, as well as friends from a distance ; the Rev. C. Goodenough Taplin officiating. The im pressive service of the Church of England was gone through. The lime, stone and all things being ready, Miss Price came forward and laid the Stone, saying " In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." A bottle was placed below the stone containing copies of the "Wallaroo Times" and " Y. P. Adver tiser" as also the following document, The Foundation Stone of this Church-School, dedicated to the Memory of St. Margeret. was laid by Miss E. A. Price,—daughter of Mr T. Price, assisted by the Revd. C. Goodenough Taplin, on the 24th day of November, in the year of our Lord 1880, being the 42nd year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, and the 34th of the Episcopate of Augustus, first Bishop of Adelaide. The ground where on the building stands was presented by Mr T. Price. Trustees—Messrs T. Price, W. Wyatt J.P. W. Ayles, T, Ayles, E Sawyers, W. Daymen, W. L. Belling, and A. Oehm. After the stone had been laid, the hymn. From all that dwell below the skies, Let the Creator's praise arise : was sung. The Rev, C. Goodenough Taplin then concluded the service, but before saying the Grace, in a few well chosen remarks, congratulated those who had taken part in getting a Church established, and especially, eulogised the energy of Mr T. Price who had givea the land and arranged for that day's meeting. An adjournment was then made to Mr Price's new store near the Railway Station, where the public tea was held. Three large tables were laid out being attend ed to by Mesdames Wyatt and Price the Misses Price, Wyatt and other ladies. there were about two hundred present and there was abundance and to spare. At half past seven the room was cleared and an entertain ment was given by a number of ladies and gentlemen. The opening overture Zampa was played in excellent style by Miss Emily Coltman of Wallaroo. Mrs and Miss Coltman, and Mr. Bews then sang " The Bells of St Michael's Tower " Mr Fred Moody followed by singing " A Friar of orders grey," which was deservedly applaud ed. - The ever welcome duet " Friendship*' was then sung with great taste by Mrs and Miss Coltman. After Mr Bews had given a reading from " Generalship," Mrs Coltman rendered with her usual effect, " Loves request" which met with rounds of applause. Mr Bews then sang " when the Kye comes hame;" the first part of the entertainment being brought to a close by Mr Purnell of Moonta who was loudly applauded for bis rendering of a reading " Faithless Nellie Gray." The second part was opened by Miss Dawson of Moonta who played in an excellent manner the Overture " fancredi. Mrs and Miss Coltman and Mr Bews then gave the trio Lordly Gallants," Mr Moody followed with a comic song "And that's where you make the mistake," This brought the house down and was redemanded. The Misses Coltman then displayed great taste in their rendering of Silver Moonlight," Mrs Coltman next sang " Far away" and Mr Bews the " Bonnie Hills o' Scotland." Mrs and Miss Coltman were then loudly ap plauded in the duet "Junita." Mr Bews gave a reading "The Stair Head Battle,'' which completed the programme. Mr Taplin then proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks, after which all joined in the National Anthem. The proceeds of the Tea and entertainment and the offerings laid on the stone accounted to £19 17s 6d. 