FOREST LODGE SCHOOL. Thk very interesting ceremony of opening the new school at Forest Lodge was performed on Sunday afternoon, by his Grace tho Archbishop of Sydney. Afc tho invitation of the pastor of the district, tho llov. Father Pollard, his parish ioners and Catholics from all parts of tho city, together with those of other denominations whose sympathy is with tho existing Education Act, assembled within tho now building to cele .brafce its completion. Tho attendance v/as ex flrtftdintrlv ln.vffn. in Inner Vipfm-n Mm m'nnixvl.. \- ? ..fav ings commenced the place v/as densely crowded, bo that thoso who came late could not gain ad mittance. The ceremony took place in the lower pertion of the school — the boys' department — and although the interior fixtures and ornamen tation are not entirely completed, the room looked vory pretty, it having been decorated in a taste ful and most pleasing way. Festoons and horti cultural ornaments of various descriptions were arranged in great profusion around the room ; trad suspended from tho ceiling and draping the walls were the flags of all nations. About half-part 3 tho Archbishop was met near the Forest Lodge omnibus station, and escorted to the school by a procossion formed of somo 300 members of tho A. H. C. Guild, who wore their handsomo sashes, and tho whole of tho children connected with the Christian Doctrine Associa tion of St. James's Church. On entering the crowded building his Grace received an ovation. At the northern end of the room a platform was erected, upon which the Archbishop took his place. On the platform were the following gentlemen and others : — Yery Rev. Dr. Gillett, Yery Rev. Dean Dwyer, Very Rev. Dean O'Brien ? Rev. Fathers Fifczpatrick, M'Grath, M'Carthy, Fleming, and Messrs. ID. J. Hollingdale, Charles York, L. Harnett, J. T. Toohey, E. F. Flanagan, E. J. Rubie, F. J. M'Carthy, M.A., P. R. Larkin, J. M'Nanamen, P. Maguire, P. Hayes, J. J. Ryan, M. Conlon, E. W. Fitzgerald, J. J. Curran, F. M'Dermott, and J. G. O'Connor. Notwithstanding tho great crowding which occurred, tho arrangements wero excellent, and throughout the proceedings fcho beat order was preserved. The proceedings com menced by the presentation to his Grace of an address, which v/as read by Mr. M'Carthy. The address, which was cleverly written and illuminated, and handsomely framed, was as follows . — ' To His Grace the Most Rev. R. B. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. ' At a time when the enemies of our holy faith are confessedly using every endeavour to corrupt the faith and morals of Catholic children, and to convince the world that they do so with the taoit approval of the Catholic laity of New South Wales, we, the Catholic laity residing in the parish of St. James's, respectfully approach your Grace to congratulate you upon the completion of a school to which we can conscientiously send our children. ' Although we are able to place an accurate estimate on the value of the threats and abuse of baffled politicians, yet we cannot bufc sympathise with your Grace in fcho anxioty with which recent events must have filled your heart. Trusting that God Almighty will' strengthen your Grace and your devoted children in our endeavours to ' render unto Cresar the things that are Caesar's and unto G-od tho things that; are God's,' we have the honour to subscribe our selves your Grace's united children in Christ. 'Signed on behalf of tho parish of St. James's, Forest Lodge.' Mastor J. Dalley then stoppod forward and, on behalf of the children of St. James's Christian Doctrine Confraternity, read and presonted fco his Grace a vory beautiful address. On rising to reply tho Archbishop was greeted by great cheering, which lasted for some time, His Grace said : — My dear friends, Catholic laity of the district of Forest Lodge, and dear children, I thank you very much for your kind ness in presenting me with these addresses, and for the words of sympathy that are expressed in them in my regard. There io always pleasure in battling in a good cause, and if I got a few knocks and blows I dare say I know how to give a few back again in a friendly way. I do not think any man ought fco enter into any kind of contest who does not know how — as I was told when I learnt fco defend myself as a boy — to take punishment kindly. Well, we have pro gressed steadily with these handsome schools from tho day tho foundation-stone was laid till this day, when the whole thing is substantially pro pared for carrying out the object for which it lias been built. I think we have also made some progress with the education question, I mean we have laid down the lines of Catholic teaching in the joint pastoral letter, and upon those lines we havo worked, and shall continue to work to the end. I look upon that document — we all look upon it — as a guide, teaching 'as how Catholic education is to bo conducted in fche future. Then wo have, in great; measure, cleared the Public schools of Catholic children ; and, as time goes on, thoso schools will be still more clear of them. Next tho Catholic spirit is thoroughly aroused ; and even those who had their fears at first lest, as they say at sea, I was carrying too much sail, are nor/ thoroughly convinced that the right thing has been done, and that it required a good shak ing to rouse some people up to a sense of the danger of secularist education to the Catholic faith of the future. I do not believe that tho Catholic body has ever been more thoroughly in earnest than it is at present. The whole ques tion of secularist education in its relation to Ca tholic children has been assiduously ventilated ; and we know now, once and for ever, what our bounden duty is. We have, in one word, saved the faith, and we have done so at a very small expense, compared with the inestimable treasure we have secured. We have lost our fair and honest share of State aid for our schools — at least for some time to come — but we have preserved our religion. We would ten thousand times pre fer to be deprived of our money and to keep the faith, than gradually to lose the faith and pocket the money, What we lose is a cheap price to pay for perpetuating the true religion, and he ; who begrudges to pay tho price cannot have a very high esteem for the article. Some may think we could have kept both. Well, perhaps we might ; but it would have only been for a few years at most, and during that time the faith of the children would have been weakening, and, in fche end, when the struggle really did come, we should have a set of poor, half-hearted creatures fco meet the difficulty with. The joint pastoral was not one day too soon. Indeed, many have told me ifc was more than ton years too late. Whatever be the case, it is an accomplished fact now, and as such we have to deal with it. Now, I propose this evening to say a few words touch ing the firsft sentence in the laity's address, You begin by saying that ' the enemies of our holy faith are confessedly using every endeavour to corrupt the faith and morals of Catholic chil dren.' I think there is a very important fact con nected with the way in which we are treated by our opponents, which has not received as much attention as it deserves. I want to bring this out, this evening, so that we may know how best to conduct ourselves in the difficulties amongst which we are thrown. I believe we are some what apt to underestimate tho sincerity of our op ponents in their opposition to us. If a man is merely playing a game with you, it is a compari tively easy thing to bring him to grief ; but if he is really and genuinely in earnest, then the case becomes far more serious, and far more difficult. Myself, I believe that the majority of our opponents are thoroughly in earnest, and feel, and are possessed by, a dis like, or, if I must say the word out, a conscien tious hatred of our religion, which shows itself almost at every turn, when any fair occasion offers. If you will allow me, I will explain how it is I am led to this belief. When I was a youth of about 17 years of age, I happened to go over by steam-packet from Southampton to Cherbourg, to oee the great fortifications fche French were building there. On board fcho steamer were two men sent; out by the under writers at Lloyd's to examine into the case of a big iron steamer that foundered at sea, and that v/as supposed to have been scuttled for the sake of the insurance. There wore also two French priests on board, in their long soutanes and broad brimmed clerical hats. The two Englishmen, evidently, had never seen a French priest before, and they eyed these two padres wifch inquisitive curiosity. One of the clergymen — a most vener able old man — was saying his breviary at the time I speak of, and the other5 waa walking up I j and down the deck near him. One of these - I Lloyd's men — and you must pardon his grammar and his impertinence — pointing out the priest who was saying his office to his companion, ex claimed ' Good-lorsishdays, Bill, if that there old covey aint a reading of his Bible in two or three places at wonst !' His companion made no reply but went up fco fche captain and asked him con fidentially, ' Who be them two queer-looking Turks yonder ?' The captain said they were two French Roman Catholic clergymen who were re turning home after a visit; to some friends at Oxford. Armed with this startling piece of in telligence, this ' Bill ' went up fco his com panion, who was still watching the French priests, and, pointing deliberately towards them, ex claimed, ' Them's tho cuss of tho country.' Now, I found that neither of these lively country men of mine — and they were excessively smart in everything else — had ever spoken to a Catholic priest in his life. Still, they were both absolutely possessed by the notion — with all the power of a first principle — that Catholic priests wore mon sters, and that the Catholic religion was a base and idiotic superstition, by means of which those same priests kept the people in abject slavery. All my protests, and all my reasoning had not the slightest effect. Nor was I listened to when I declared that I had known priests all my life long most intimately, and that I had found them just the very reverse of what they had been de scribed. Tho impression made upon me by the earnest sincerity of those two really intelligent men, whom I knew to be absolutely and emphati cally in the wrong in everything they said, is as strong upon me afc this hour as it was on that day. And I believe they represent a very large class indeed. Take Sydney, to come to the point, and nearer home ; I believe that a large majority of the middle class, as they are called at home, and of the lower middle class, indeed, down to, and including the lowest, are sincerely persuaded — and really do believe — that the Catholic system is a miserable superstition, and wholly unfit for the religion of an enlightened age ; that it is a great national drawback ; and that the less they have to do with the priests the better. They shrink from us and from our religion with a genuine recoil, and would feel much relieved if, without doing an injustice, all the priest.3 and bishops of the Catholic Church in this colony could be cleared out of the placc to-morrow morning ; and I am not at all sure that they would not present me with a flattering address if I promised to head the party and guarantee that no successor should be appointed fco fill my place. I do not say that these people could not get correct information about us if they took fche pains to do so ; I am not saying what could be the case, but what actually is the case ; I say that I believe our religion is hated because it is held to be worthy of a deep, a pro found dislike ; and I believe that the shadow of this feeling towards our religion falls upon us who profess it. I look upon this dead weight of what I may call Protestant public opinion against us as a great; difficulty, and one we should understand and face. Now I will proceed one ot.ep further. Look at the Anglican Church in this colony. It is the largest and, I suppose, the most powerful by far of all the Denominations. This new Education Bill strikes a far heavier blow at it than at us. And this its leaders know ; and yet, has it not been suffering from what doctors call ' general debility ' during this crisis we have been passing through ? How is it that fche Anglicans have not made any way in oppos ing the passing of the Public; Instruction Bill ? Look here. The public mind reasons, not like an educated philosopher, but m its own peculiar way. I believe that this ' debility ' proceeds from a slight touch of what I may call the Roman fever. True, the head of that Church has periodieallly denounced the Catholic Church, and anathematised it as a conscientious duty, and I, on the other hand, make no dis guise that intellectually I regard fche Angli can system as the reduclio ad ahsardum of all fchat is illogical and untenable. Still, how does the public mind reason ? Ifc does not look to words much, or professions, or logical conclusions ; ifc looks afc broad facts as they lie in its wa_y, and are spread out before its eye. It says, ' It is all very well talking, but what is a bishop with me tropolitan titles, with cathedrals and canons and vicars-general and deans and synods and sacra ments, and the rest ; is not this something very like ' Popery ? ' In point of fact, the heads of both these Churches are tarred wifch the same brush ! In England some of the parsons say mass and go to confession — who knows if some of them do not do the same, on tho sly, here ?' The public mind is inclined to look upon the Anglican Church as ' Popery ' made easy, or ' Romanism ' reduced to a shadow. And, as the British public do not like the look even of the ghost or shadow of ' Romanism,' they come to the conclusion that fche best thing is to -Jo away gradually — if it cannot be done speedily — wifch both substance and shadow. Of course, I may not read the public mind aright, but I feel much inclined to believe that I am not very far from the mark, and the tendency is to do away wifch bishops and priests, and sacraments, and, in fact, with all the machinery which is necessary for the existence of churches organized on the hierarchical principle. Now, granted that this be the case, how can these two churches be best got. rid of ? Surely, by getting hold of the rising generation, and freeing them them as much as possible from the in fluences of these two churches. I believe that this feeling in fche public mind is one explanation of the strong bearing there is in favour of Public schools. Bufc there is another cause at work. It is showing itself over fche whole Christian world, and it consists in the melting away of dogmatic faith, and, in cousequence, of personal piety. Now let us come fco fche point. Take the rulers of our various colonies. Take a Cabinet with its Ministers — I take for granted, of course, that our present Cabinet, that all tho Ministers, go to church twice every Sunday — but take the generality of ordinary Cabinets and Ministers, I shrewdly guess that, take them as a body, they are far. more like the buttresses of the churches to which they are said to belong than the pillars. You ask what I mean. Well, I will tell you — if you will promise fco keep ifc a profound secret — ao fche Americans do, by asking you a quesfcion in return. Did you ever, in all your life, see a buttress inside a church ? If I happen to be returned for Canterbury afc fche next general elec tion, I mean to ask two quostions in fche House. I shall get; a list; of all those members who voted for the Education Bill, and shall ask for a return of how often each of them went to church during the last twelve months ; and then I shall ask what they did wifch themselves v/hon they got there. I will tell you why I shall ask this, be cause I made a curious discovery when I was a boy. I will explain. I suppose I had rather a stilf imagination in fchoso days, for I remember I was very much puzzled as to what people did in their Protestant churches on Sundays. I re momber going into Welsh Bicknor Church, and as I saw there was no altar, no taber nacle, and no possibility of saying Mass there, I wondered how people got on. I recollect, however, a large glaring painting of fcho lion and the unicorn, and I had a vague notion that these two creatures wero tho patron saints of the parish* Anyhow, I was so much puzzled that I asked a relation of mine — and nofc a very distant one — who was a Protestant, what lie did when he went to church. He replied, 'I don't know what you do, but I always look into my hat and count fifteen ' — having completed these elaborate devotions he thought he had ful filled his obligations for the day. Nov/, I say there is a growing class of such men as these who do nofc know what ifc is to eay a prayer. They form a distinct and separate class, and they are steadily on the increase. Again, there is another and a growing class, too, of well-dressed, respec table men who goto church, but if, to use a colo nial expression, you stuck them up' on coming out, and asked them if. the three persons in the Trinity were equal, or if Christ were as much Gh.d as the Almighty Father, they would look at you as if you were puzzling them with a conun drum, or put you off as a refiner in theology. And this is growing too — this disregard for dog matic truth, and the fundamental positions of the Christian scheme. I remember being excessively struck with the inscription on the tombstone of a very respectable man, as far as this world goes, but who, I knew, had not the slightest scrap of religion, and who openly professed that he really knew nothing about the land beyond the grave: — ' Sacred to the memory of John Jones, a good husband, a good father, a firm friend, a true patriot, who lived and died in his country's ser vice.' Now, I take it that that man hardly ever said a prayer since he wa3 at his mother's knee. He lived for this world, and this world recorded his services on the slab of sandstone at the head of his grave. Society is steadily moving in the direction of John. Jones, of making the most; of life here, and of ignoring as unattainable, all forms of the supernatural. This tendency urges Btrongly in the direction of Public schools, and Public schools are in turn the propagators of this tendency ; and as Roman Catholicism, and, next; to it, Anglicanism, bear strongly in the opposite direction, the infidel intellect recognizes these two, especially tho former, as deadly and power ful antagonists, against which an internecine war must be carried on. Thus we have, then, two most formidable foes combined againsfc us, namely, a profound innate dislike to our religion, and a steady tendency towards unbelief, and the mere life of fche natural man. I have reason to fear that Anglicanism will nofc bo able fco with stand the pressure of assault t tor any very great length of time ; I hope ifc may be able fco do so. As fco ourselves, if eighteen hundred years of fche furnace has nofc melted out our life, or touched our marrow, 1 do nofc believe that ifc will be likely fco succeed now. No new trials or torments could be invented now that we have nofc triumphed over in days gone by ; no tyrant can arise now whom we, or those who follow us, will not cart away and bury. And what; are we fco do that we may most effectually meet these two greafc anta gonists of ours, and subdue them P I will tell you. But firsfc of all I may remark that I believe fchat Public school education of Protestants will serve us in the long run. This method of form ing the future produces men and women without faith or dogmatic religion. The little of ifc that now exists will gradually melt away. The future generation will perhaps possess more secular knowledge, greater breadth in one way, and more indifference, or, as some would call it, lese bigotry, than fche present one. There will be a most startling contrast between Catholicity and all other forms or shades of thought, and a reaction will set in which will, I believe, bring a large harvest to the Church. The fog through which our religion afc present looms will, in great measure, pass away, and people will be drawn to study seriously the Catholic religion, and then to embrace it. And this brings me to -the most effectual way of meeting the greafc pressure of prejudice which tells so much against us. If you will take the trouble to study the history of the way in which so many persona have become Catholics in England you will find it has been in consequence of studying the Catholic religion. The vast majority of our converts are from fche learned and highly-educated classes of society — those who have been drawn towards the Catholic faith by reading and personal research. A very large number wero once clergymen of tlie Church of England, who had been trained to theological and philosophical thought;, and who, having weighed the Catholic system, were compelled to abandon .all they prized and loved most in this world, and fco become Catholics. Were ifc fche fact — and wo know ifc is just the reverse — that fche learned, on studying the Catholic system, were invariably repelled from it, then our case would be indeed a desperate one — but it is not so ; those who join | us are precisely such as have had the highest education, and possess the capacity fco judgo for themselves after careful and prayerful scrutiny. Therefore, I say, let us do all we can to induce those who have so strong an objection fco our religion fco study ifc, fco give ifc a fair hearing, and fco weigh ifc in fche equitable scales of an un prejudiced appreciation. Our greafc difficulty consists in people refusing to see us as v/e are, in fclieir hugging their prejudices against us instead of putting them on one side, and grasping the real merits of the case. What has happened in England will, before long, I believe, happen here. People will begin fco think for themselves, and as soon as they do that, tho ice will be brokon, and we shall have many recruits, who will in due time — as afc homo, as in America — bring others after fchem. 'Wo have boon passing through an ordeal lately which io merely temporary. Cardinal Newman, speaking tho other day at Birmingham on tho feeling afc homo during fche ' Papal Aggression' madness, seems fco bo picturing what wo havo been passing through here. After showing how the country supposed itself fco be ' insulted,' he continues : — ' And v/hon the Government of the day, or afc lea3fc some very distinguished statesman, took tho same view, tho excitement; became extreme. We wore thought vory ill of, and very unmindful of the tolerance already extended fco us ; and then, as ifc will happen afc such a fcimo, all fche old stories against us were brought out anew and put infco circula tion ; and as we have lasted 1800 years, and the Protestant sects only 300, it need not surprise any one if moro could be said by our enemies against us — truths or falsehoods, exaggerations or misstatements — than could be said against them, if we tried ; especially since, from our very greatness, v/e have vastly more temptations and opportunities to act wrongly than they had had ; and since (bad luck to U3) we have never kept a register of Protestant scandals, as our enemies had kept of ours, and in consequence, were in no condition to show that what these had beeji evil or faulty in times past in our body was to be laid to the charge, not of our religion, but of depraved human nature — wo were at a great dis advantage, and even good and well-meaning Protestants got to entertain a bad opinion of us ; and a great prejudice, distrust, and dislike of us ?was diffused through tho country, and an animosity leading, in many cases, both to cruel and, violent acts. Things are very different now with us, and we have cause to bo grateful to tho inhabitants of this great town that so it is.' As England calmed down and came to reason, so will our fellow-colonists here. And, as we have gone through a like storm to that suffered in the mother country, I believe that, like her, there is in store for us our sunshine, I say let us induce our opponents, our -fairminded ones, to study our religion, and they are on the high road to conver sion. So far for that. How how are we to meet fche growing indifference and infidelity of the day. which is at once caused by Public schools and is the cause of Public schools ? In the first ?place, I will say this, that I have always con sidered Denominational schools, such as they aro now constituted under the Council of Education, fco be too flimsy to meet the evil. To a strong poison a strong antidote must, be applied. I think there should bo a more thorough and solid religious education given to the rising generation than they have been in the habit of receiving in Denominational schools under the Council. Of course, we have been, so far, with regard to these schools, in a great measure helpless. We could not, if we would, intorfere with the regulations of the schools, our hands were tied in a great many ways, I need not mention now. In three years we shall sustain fche loss of a large annual sum. of money. On the other hand, the schools will fall wholly under our control. We shall then be at liberty to 0 convert them into real machines for turning out thorough Catholic and Christian men and women. It will take a long time before we shall get all our schools into the hands of religious Orders. Possibly in some pases we shall fail. Still, in the main, and on the whole, if we are thoroughly in earnest, and fully appreciate the paramount importance of the school question, we shall be able to give a much more thorough Catholic and religious training to the young than ever they have received before, What, then, we shall have to do will be 'to make our schools thoroughly Catholic and thoroughly Christian, whilst steadily work ing towards payment by results, which ipausfc inevitably come. We, of course, have our cowards amongst us as well as our brave men. The church militant is very like the British army. We are not all heroes. A famous British general of remarkable courage thus expressed himself on a recent occasion : — ' In a British regiment of a thousand men, according to my experience, there are usually fifty men who will do anything, for lorn-hope sort of men ; nine hundred who would aTqa nnlir o*nr»p nv npvlin-nq vnn will fnllnw fli Am The other fifty are curs, who. would lie in the ditch if they dared.' Now, I believe we have a very fair share of the -( forlorn hope sort of men ' amongst ourselves ; quite enough to lead the nine hundred or whatevor number they may be of those who simply require leaders ; and as for the rest, if they love to lie in the ditch better than to join in' our glorious venture, all I can say is — let them lie in the ditch ! I call it glorious because we are going to strive on behalf of the immortal interests of the souls of the future, and on behalf of the greatness — the future greatness of our adopted land. If we can get tho guiding of our own children into our hands we so far get into our hands the guiding of this great nation. Speaking to teachers, John Bright said, not long ago : ' We say — that is not the expression I should use, but you say, who are engaged in the work — give us the young people, you then give us the future church ; you then give us the future social and public life ; you then give us, not children as they are now, but tlie men and women of future years ; you give it into our hands to mould and guide even the great nation of which we are a part.' It is because this is fche case that we are sternly determined not to forfeit our solemn and sacred rights to bring up Catholic phildren Catholics ; that we are firmly bent upon keeping them in our own hands, and on not delivering them up into the hands of those who will destroy the faith that is in thom, ana tne great promise or tne niture. Bloods do not form the character so much an men and v^ojnen — the influence of men and women dedicated to the service of G-od, There is nothing nearly so impressive as this contact, tho close in timacy between little children and the teaching . orders. Listen to these two passages from John Bright, and if you illustrato them in your own mind hy applying them to our teaching orders, you will at once see that these aro most particu larly fitted for their post. Bright says : ' I think with regard to teachers they have two entirely different branches of labour ; thoy have that of instructing their pupils from books, and they havo fchat of instructing them from their own. conduct and their own manner. Tou want to teach a child — I must say it is better than book learning — -you want to teach a child to be gentle ; not tho gentleness fchat is weakness, for there is a porfoct genfclenoBS which io combined with greafc force. You want humanity — humanity to animals in one point. Well, then there is tho quality of un selfishness. There io much selfishness in families Selfishness in families is tho cause of misery and fcho cause of groat injustice. Unselfishness and a love of justice, those are qualities which come, if you oifor fchom fco the child's or fcho young por tion's mind wifch a special invitation ; their vory nature is such that they cannot receive them ex cept withj liking and approbation.' In another speech he says : ' You try amongst the scholars to teach them many things which probably in many of their homes, and amongst many of their ordinary associates, they would scarcely learn. Tou try to check rudeness, and sometimes, I am sorry to say, you have to check what may be called impiety of speech. You try to teach them to be kind to each other, not to their brothers and sisters only, but to their schoolfellows, and to their parents. You endeavour to teach the hoys deference to each other, and you fail greatly unless you endeavour to teach them gentleness and kindness to the gentler sex. There is much to learn, and in childood it is marvellous how much may he taught. I think Lord Brougham once said that he believed men and women, boys and girls, learnt more up to six years of age than they have learnt in all their lives afterwards. . . If you teach hoys and girls to be gentle to and amongst each other, you will teach at the same time pro bably how wise and how good it is for them to be kind and gentle to what we term tlie inferior animals. These creatures — dogs, horses, donkey?, — I might mention other animals, are many of them given us for our use and for our enjoyment. I think there is 110 cruelty more odious or more base than that which is practised upon dumb creatures, who cannot remonstrate, and who can not show any resentment to us.' How perfectly would not men and women, who have been especially trained to all these virtues, and to far higher ones too, teach them t,o the young and fix them indelibly in their hearts. Ladies and gentlemen, I owe you an apology for keeping you so long ? my only excuse must be the momentous importance of the in terests afc issue, and the significance of thio occasion. We cannot insist too earnestly or too frequently on the absolute necessity under which we lie, at whatever cost or sacrifice, of bringing up Catholic child re a thorough Catholics. If others — if the State — get hold of them, they will grow up liko a great many statesmen we know, i without even a scintilla of religion in their con stitution, and will go to swell fchat growing class in the community which holds religion in .con tempt, and boasts of being free in the exercise of the 'faculties, free to think ind speak, and act ex actly as they like. The very children before me are sufficiently intelligent and experienced to know that this . kind of license leads to anarchy and revolution ; and that liberty, tempered by obedience and grounded in reli gion, io the only sorb of freedom which is worthy of rational beings and of Christian men. And I thank them for their touching address thank them for thanking me for serving them, and standing up for them, for the genuine ap proval of little children has somethings more sweet in it than even that, sometimes, of grown up people. -But I thank you one and all, and in thanking you I am addressing the whole Catlic = i:~ i.u:„ t ? 1. a liu uuu^y ux on am uLuuiijy. j. biiuiih. uuuiii us ^x.rcii bishop of this province for their truly Catholic spirit, and for the fixed determination they are showing that they will not suffer their Catholic children to be robbed of their Catholic faith. And let us now help Father Pollard to lessen the debt on these schools. Our Catholic people have been educated to give. A great thinker, not a Catholic, says, ' I know scarcely anything better than that men should be educated- to give ; and it. has always seemed to me that rich men, and men even of moderate means, who do not give, miss one of tho greatest pleasures of life, and one of those paths in whioh men, if they are judicious, may be eminently useful.' Ladies and gentlemen, you have ever, on every occasion, proved to the world that you do indeed, look upon giving — especially to the education of the young — as one of the greatest pleasures of your lives. I think you might indulge yourselves in the exercise of that, pleasure once again, and to show you that I am determined not to be behind hand in indulging in the same delight, I offer the committee £50 as my subscription. His Grace resumed his seat amidst enthusiastic applause. A most important item on the programme was lien proceeded with — the collection — and we are pleased to state that in this Father Pollard was very successful, for in a very short space of time the treasurers had £300 on the. table. After the total had been announced the assemblage dis persed, and his Grace, re-entering his carriage, .drove off. Tlie principal donations were — The Archbishop, £50; Father Pollard, £10; Mrs. Young, £25 ; Alderman Meeks, second subscrip tion, £5 ; Mr. Toohey, £5 ; Dr. Power, £5 ; Mr. York, £5 ; Mr. Hayes, £10 ; Mrs. Dalley, £1.0 ; Mrs. Cullen, £10 ; Mr. Maguire, £5 5s. His Grace, before closing the proceedings, staled that he would 'be present the first day the Sisters commenced their duties in the school. 