ADVENT: A MEDITATION. What a lovely allegory is that we find on the last pages of Revelation, of a New Jerusalem, not to rise anew out of the ruins of the ancient city, but descending from above, no longer with weeping daughters, pr like a widowed queen, but adorned as a bride to meet her bridegroom. A city not one of whose stones shall ever more be displaced, with the nations coming up to her walls to worship, and not to profane ; into which no idols shall henceforth be carried, in which no heathen standard shall ever again be set up, or any pollution defile ; with a gate for every tribe, and an angel stationed before it, not to exclude but to admit ; with Christ Himself for the Light of lights, and the Lord God, as in that garden of old, dwelling and walking with men by the river and the tree of life. But is it nothing more than allegory? Are we to reason the whole beautiful promise away into a mere type to which nothing on earth is ever to be antitype? Is this earth in the regenerated state not to be, never to be, the home of righteousness and of God ? Is the problem of a perfected manhood to be solved only at a distance from this, the cradle and fatherland of .the race % Is the curse, after all, to be so much stronger than the cure that it shall wither up the earth in the end, and makeit unavailable to serve as a Paradise Re-^ gained ? Is the Christian ideal of an earth free from sin, free from death, free from everything that defileth, with the ladder let down from heaven and communication open with the courts above, only an illusion of the exalted mind 1 Or is it not rather God's own ideal, a picture out of His own book, found on its last page as on its first for all who run to read ? There is nothing unspiritual in the view thus presented. Wherever God's kingdom is set up, it is still Sis kingdom — still righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. It is God's presence, and the beauty of His Holiness that shall make the glory of the Abiding City. If her foundations are to be of sapphire and her windows of agate, arid her gates of carbuncle, and all her borders of pleasant stones, it is only that by her very beauty all men may understand that God is the Lord, and that He has claimed everything that is lovely as His own at last, and has given to His people to adorn their perpetual dwelling-place all, and far more than all, the treasures with which the world in its loftiest pride ever dowried her children, and has consecrated all wealth and beauty, and majesty, and honour to Himself and to His Church for ever. It is possible to waste much precious time in idle specu lation upon the manner of our Lord's coming, and the con stitution and order of the world under the new Theocracy to be set up ; but to be filled, like St. John, with a sense of the exceeding glory and blessedness of the time when God shall come down to dwell with men, when the Schechinah shall be no solitary marvel of the sanctuary, but the very light of day to all nations, circling the planet with its radiant belt— to have the assured hope in our hearts of a day at hand when all that is now wrong shall be made right, when without transporting men into some distant province of His empire, without altering beyond recognition our nature and its sur roundings, God shall, make all things new, and yet old, shall banish everything evil, put an end to all grief, bring back to man his lost likeness and his forfeited kingdom ; shall make everything fair, and rich, and precious in creation to serve Him now, as it has served His adversary in times past — is only to have a new inducement to holiness, a stronger incentive to spiritual effort, a fresh motive for going out into all highways and hedges with the Bible in our hands, and compelling men to come in, that the Heavenly Feast may begin. 