OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (from our own correspondent. ) Saturday, Oct. 2. The great world's show at Melbourne was opened yesterday with a degree of pomp and ceremony befitting so great an occasion. There were five Governors of Australasian -colonies present, and a real live Duke—His Grace of Manchester, besides Lord Loftus, and a host of minor notabilities. The opening ceremony was pei formed by the Marquis of Normanby, ; the Queen's representative in Victoria^ and directly thFceremony was completed the Union Jack of old -England was hoisted to the . top, of the dome, the cannon on board the warships and the shore batteries boomed. forth the news to all Melbourne and district, while the electric telegraph and the deep sea cable were set"at work to inform Her*Majesty the .Qu^en. that in her far off dependency of "Victoria an International exhibition had been duly opened in her name. ^Dhiis telegram, by: the way, reached Madras in eight minutes j Truly these am^days „.of„ jcapid progress. It was only in the year of the great Exhibition of l851that jbhe colony of Victoria had k separate hkistenise/; ? Then |it .-/had |04§0§ has only lOO^OO sjiprt pf a million, while in its chief city o^Melbourne yesterday the* crowd which witnessed the grand procession or took' part in it, is said to exceeded. 10(1,000, 150,000 or even 200,00,0 >(as estimated by jsome newspaper.'reporters), No. celebration so Vast and- so impiessive -has ever pre^ouslvbeen seen in Australia. Even the owning of the Sydney-Exhibition isdiot ;to be compared todt^ "and the only other demonstration approaching it1 was the one__when. the Duke of Edinburgh , landed about twelve or thirteen ye&re;^ago. The |Melbourne Exhibition ;.<MghjTindeed to-b^'a grand affair* for in? sizb it rankslrouiinjand. ffltli "among the international" exhibitions which have Sprung into existence since the-- Crystal Palace Exhibition (of 1851) began: the present era of worldrwide shows., The site comprises an area of sixty-three acres, of which tlieimmense Exhibition Building covers aboiit "30r iacres. "It is of brick and stone, whereas the Crystal Palaee;was of-- iron~and~glass.-~The~latter was a magicfairy place, which'Spiting into existence at the" bidding -of the late Prince; Consort,* and under tbe direction of Sir Joseph . Paxton ; but ? if-, tbe Crystal Palace surprised the Prince; Cohsort ahd delighted Mih,what would he' haye said had he been living in the [year 1880,^when , iii the new and dis'tant-coloiiy of Victoria a greater and a grandtrpalabe of peace hud sprung into • bxisihiicbf :';'3^*;JSxhibii}bh has cost the Government of Victoria about <£300,000, and it is not likely they will ever see half their money back again, fot in Australia we have not the population to work .on that the old world has. There are over a million feet of spaee in the main building—which is of a crdbiform shape—and the exhibits are said to be worth £3,000,000 stg. The pictures alone are valued at .£80,000, of which it is some satisfaction to little Adelaide to know we have, purchased £2,000 worth to form the neucleus of,our future National Art Gallery. But why should an ' Adelaide correspondent "gush" over a Melbourne Exhibition. It is only because the event is far too big for its importance to be confined by the artificial lines that separates this vast island continent into five distinct colonies having separate Governments. As Australians we rejoice over the joy of our big sister Yictoria, and if she pays the piper we have no objection to joining in the dance or in the univeral shout which hails'yesterdays ceremonial, the grandest that has ever been seen south of the Equator. To show the interest that we Adelaideans take in the Exhibition, I only need mention that each of our daily papers has five columns of a description telegraphed from Melbourne-by special correspondents who went from here. I suppose this must be 8,000 or 10,000 words for each paper - and the public I presume must pay the cost of this great journalistic enterprise. I am afraid the Border Town people will not love Mr. Hawker, the Commissioner of Public Works. He evidently loves not them. He calls them " greedy people," and he loves to snuff their township out of existence by extending the long- fought-for railway away eight or ten miles to the westward of them, and not very far from the edge of the Great Desert. He is very strongly opposed to the suggested extension to Border Town, and so long as he is in office there will not be the ghost of a chance of such a line being carried. The only hope of the western half of onr own Tatiaia district is to get the present Bill kicked out, -or shelved either by getting it referred to a Select Committee, or rejected in the Upper House. The Commissioner's speech on Tuesday exhibited all his usual warmth, but not any of his characteristic courtesy. He made it particularly hot for Mr. Henning, who tried to 'smile while being charged with turning his coat, but the Commissioner is so popular that his word goes a long way. However, I think in this case, after Mr. Henning's reply, your junior member must be acquitted of the charge of changing front — that is, of course, assuming the statements in his speech are time, and of that I suppose there is no reason to doubt. The Commissioner was particularly eloquent about the magnificent wheat fields beyond the imaginary line which separates the two provinces, and he said that when he was there the people of Border Town would have been delighted to get -the- line .even -if it. went along the boundary, and not a few ipiles nearer to them as now proposed. Of course, as the Minister of Railways, it is his duty to consider in which direction t-lie bulk of the traffic is likely to come, but one can hardly follow him when lie says we have " as much right" to consider the farmers of Victoria as those of South Australia. The only difference is that the former pay their money into the Melbourne Treasury; while the latter pay it into the Ade laide Exchequer, and have a right to expect some of it-to be spent in improving the means of communication to their own country. Mr. Hawker contrasts the 130,000 acres in the South Australian Tatiara with the I j 568,000 acres of equally good land in ; the Victorian Tatiara, the produce train ! which will come over this line, and he ! begs hon. members to look on this picture and on that. He has, however, done himself no good by the way in which he treated this question, and by the way in which he tried to rush the second reading, though about 10 o'clock at night, in a thin House. The Leader of the Opposition, Mr. Bray, came to the rescue of your members in this respect, and j what the Government would not do I for Messrs. Hardy and Henning they j did fov Mr. Bray, who told the Com- i missioner he was doing his best to get j the. Bill kicked out by hurrying on the ! debate against the wish of the members ' for the district and of other hon. mem- I bers. Mr. Haidy has reserved his ; speech for a later stage—perhaps next! f Tuesday—when he will move that the j Bill be referred to a Select Committee, j I don't fancy he has tuueh chance of carrying bis motion, but he will no doubt try. Mr. Henning made a long -speech; and read a whole pile of estimates in spite of the Deputy-Speaker's rulings against him—which were quite wrong: But Mr. Henning marred the effect of his speech by not trying to summarise his extracts and give them -in a solid shot or two against the doughty Commissioner. 