THESE is oco feature in the Reform Bill now before the Assembly that has not been sufficiently referred to, althongh, ss a matter of fact, it is one of the meat important and dangerous elements in that measure. We refer to the clause which would redaca the franchise for the Upper House down to £10 freehold, and £20 leasehold, and which, it is contended, would so liberalise the Council OE e that anything like obstruction from that branch of the Legislature would be quite impossible in the future. Indeed this proposal is dished op by the Conservative papers every day in some form or other, to show the infamy of the Liberals objecting to Mr Sebvtce's scheme, and the intensely liberal instincts by which Mr Service hsa been guided when potting his production together. The public is told that if a reform scheme, with this provision in it, were passed, there would be do more deadlocks, no more quarrels between the two Houses, no more delays in legislation, or anything else that ng woold distnrb the peace and serenity of the two Chambers. Evetything would _be peaceable and pleasant between the two Houses; and such a thing as a contention over a money btiL, or a disturbance over a mining on private property bill, or a wrangle as to tine sort of taxation that should be imposed upon property, would never be heard of in parliamentary circles. How, then, it is enquired, can the Liberals ask for a more liberal Reform Bill than the one Mr SEBVICE has tabled, or have the audacity to carp and cavil at one of the finest pieces of legislation yet put together to deal with & tedious and inflammatory question ? This is the kind of argument put before the colony to bolster op Mr Sebvice'S bill, than which anything less calculated to teaiuro tho difficulty - vrbich it affects to deal with, coold hardly be prepared, or submitted. Now the reply to all this sonsense, or dnst-throwing to blind the eyes of the people to a real device to kill Liberalism and give Conservatism a sort of perennial reign, is very dear; eo clear, Indeed, that he who cannot see the force of it, most either be strongly biassed to the Conservative side, or have some thing terribly wrong with his optics. The answer is, that a £10 and £20 franchise aa proposed in the new Beform Bill, would not liberalise the Conndl a bit—would not change in the least iis obstructive instincts or its obstructive conduct. The Council would alQI be purely a class House; and & class House can no more be expected to work amicably with a House elected on the basis of the whole people, than oil can be made to mingle with water, iron to dissolve in & cold fluid, or art to sopersede nature. Bat there is a stronger reason, than the mere class one, why Mr See vice's pro posal would not do anything towards securing harmony between the two Houses ; and it is this. So long as there is any money qualification fora voter,so long mnstaHonse elected in this colony, on that basis, be of a thoroughly Conservative character. No dearer proof could be asked for of the rigidity of this fact than what was f«im«flwiri by the last general election. That election, although conducted npon manhood suffrage, did what ? Why, return a majority of Conservatives to the Lower House. True, the majority is small; but whether small or large, there is no denying the fact that there is a Conservative majority in the Assembly, bent npon keeping Liberalism In the background, and Jdlling it altogether, should the chance offer. Weil, this being the case, what would be the result of a Chamber elected here npon a '£10- to £20 franchise? What but that Liberals would have no more chance of being retained than Hekdebson Afbscanus has of being knighted. None but Conservatives would have u the ghost of a show" of getting into that House, becaaae there would never be a sufficient number of Liberals on a roll, formed npon a £10 to £20 fran chise, to pot In their men, and thus to defeat the combinations and chosen of their opponents. This is prored as em' phaticsliy as anything in this worid could be proved by the result of the last general election for die Assembly ; for the Conservatives got a majority npon a manhood an&rage; roll, whereas had there been a £20 and £10 roll to fight "the battle npon, the probability Is that not a single Liberal would have been elected. It is trne that the present Assembly Is quite an exceptional one, aa far as the Conservative element of it is concerned. But It would be exceptional quite the other way were the franchise £10 and £20; that is to say, ft would always be Conservative on both aides and in the Comers, if this franchise took the place of manhood suffrage, tecaose, in diat case, the number of Liberals ifbuld be considerably reduced on the rolls, and, therefore—as the last elections show—the liberals would be always and sorely outvoted by their opponents. When any journal, or individual, than, dams' for the Seevice Ueform Bill that it would liberalise the Upper Hxmsa to each ah extent as to produce peace between the two Houses, on assertion is pot tor ward which has no fonndatkmln fa^j and tha ttnlhof this stata- Bient mart be aesn on tha amidieiit refiectten. Tie fact is that so advances® all •orti tettafe*a*»&jpafaA;^liarap)f> between the two Houses, which all desire, by adopting Mr Sebvice'S b'dl; althongh there is a probability that the effect would be to create a wider schism between them than ever. It would certainly make the Council more bumptious than it is now, and so probably give more cause for regret than evoke joy that the task of changing the basis of the Upper House had been undertaken. It is quite absurd, then, for the Conservative papers to say that the Seevice Reform Bill would be productive of harmony between the two Chambers, because anything of the kind, under the circumstances, would be quite contrary to what all experience teaches. No greater truism could be put forth than we nrge. As a manhood suffrage roll failed to return a Liberal Assembly at the last general election, therefore, a £10 and £20 roll for the Cooncil would be sure to keep the Upper House quite as Conservative as it is now. This is a fact winch stands oat in the boldest possible colors in this case; and hence when the Seevice Reform Bill is commended on the score of its provisions being sore to liberalise the Upper House, the greatest nonsense is put before the coantjy that could well be uttered. The Liberals oppose the bill on this aa well as on other grounds; and there is no setting t aside the wisdom of their decision. 