BOXTN'G DAY. PICNICS. There were some picnics at the Gardens yesterday—even more. Tiiere was har3]y a, copse or group of trees in the gardens that yesterday did not do duty to some people or other for that genial shelter, the family rooftree. The gardens looked more like an encampment, so xaany vehicles of all kin*U were there drawn up in them. It is calculated that yesterday afternoon there must have been at least S090 persons within the gardens fence. All the day the shout of enthusiastic youth making merry rung through the grounrl«, and not a few of the older people shook off their age, and lived the lloxing Day of many years ago again. Many hundreds visited the new aheltcr-bonse, but, doubtless, more would liave viewed the pretty plants within it had they but known the -way to reach it. It inigiit here lie suggested to the council that the -shelter-house might open to the public at. certain hours, and that a placard stating that might with good effect be placed on the gate opening on it. The council some short time ago, to prevent the occurrence of fires in the grounds, had a small house, with a fireplace in it, put up for picnicittrs to boil their billies .The idea was a very good one, but it has been indifferently oarric l out. Ths fireplace is about large enongh for two billies to swing iu at once. YesteAiay there were more—considerably move -- than two billies wanted to boi', and the useiessness of the fireplace was promptly demonstrated, and it was as - promptly anathematised by thirsty plcasnrers. The lake during the day was ventured upou by m&uy; amatcursailors, the majority of whom escaped its embraces. One im-ty of raw yachtsmen, however, did not co achate the day without a heavy wet. They utisst tijeir craft twice, and a considerable depth of water ^intervening between tie lake level and the bottom they eventually touched, they allgotdamp—very damp. Burnunbest, Learmonth, ths water reserves, Forest, I^al Lai, and Buniiiyong were : yesterday picnicked upon,and all by very' j >Iiy parties, who enjoyed their outing, fcllcir unwonted exhilaration, and their temporary escape from the briers of this wo{k-a-day world. THE B.B.C. SPOUTS. Committee of management—Messrs .C. M. Watsw (president), J. A- Chalk, W. H. Figgis (vice-presidents), J. Fergnsnu, & Williams, U. TkompSbn, 11. A. Wilkinson, J. Embling, II. Hunt, C. W. Sherard, C. 'A. Sheraivl, and F. M- M. i'ranklin. Starter- Mr R. Sharp. Judges—Messrs J. Ferguson, H. Josephs, W. Boyd, A. J. Korth, and D. Sweeney. Timekeeper—Major Sleep. Th<; annual athletic sports in connection with the Ballarat Cricket Club were held yesterday, and proved to be a grand success. The committee managed to draw up a splendid programme, and several first-class athletes entered for the various races. The weather was all. that could be desired for such an occasion, and ill the latter part of the afternoon fnlly 4000 people were present. The coqiinittee can be complimented manner in which they worked to make the meeting as . successful as it was. The chief race of tile day was the Christmas Handicap, 6f four events, which was won by W. B. Freeman. The Bicycle Race, of one, two, and four miles, was a very exciting -contest, and was. won by XV. ,S. Hazel ton <Mel bourne). In the one mile event, Jeffrey and Hazclton both met with an accident, but fortunately escaped with a severe shaking and a few bruises; and in the two mile event, Irish fell fa-ice, bat received ho injuries. A pony race concluded the list, for which there were six entries. Mr Cedden's pony was the winner, with Mr M'Donald's secouiL- Mr Proat'a brass-band was in attendance sit the Oval, and rendered some choice selections -of music. The .club will profit to the extent of between" £S0 and £85 from the sports. The following was the pro- gramme:— Maiden Bace, 100 va-rd*—First, £1; second, £1— C. Frailtlin, I; E. Bailee, S. Hurdle Bace, 140fifld S00 yards—First, £S;secana, £3: third, £1. Fiist eierlt—Hnghee, 1; M.Leaini- Jian, tl; J. Oen-ajTl, R. Second event—M..I>«y-uihaii, 1; J. Gerard, 2; Bushes, S. It. lesnuBaa, 1, 8 points; IJnriiei!, 2, 7 do; Gerrari, 3, 5 do. Christmas Handicap, IS3. S59. MO and 600 yards— First, £Stt; sectMd, £15; third, £7; fwnth.±i. J W «rent—Flnt htat—fr. B. iteam, I; M , "ft T. H. Dunstan, K Setond heat—James Scott, 1; H. Boaghen, 4;' A.-Bicfeetts, S. TWrd lieat-J»- Hughes, 1; K/lieMniium. 2;RanWfn, heat—W. ii. Freeman, 1; James Scott, S; TV. Hall, 3, Second event—First heat—W. B. Reeman, V James Scott, S; H. Boaghen, S. Second heat—J. Green way xj Hagbn, 2; «, Jlpn, 3- 3.himt event—W.toU, isJtlgqUtf'a^t it Dunstan. 3. Fourth event—T. H. Dmistan, 1, «. TAiqe, Sr. .1. Bickette, 3.. W- B^KreeBiMi. Jt. W ^i^sTi;H.IlunetanBO,7.pomtB (tgdi; \--^Fii-st, 15; 3., 1 Bicvcle Race, Wo, one, and tuarjaV— second, £3; -tiiiid, £ar-^EJrst event—W. S. i^izaton, 1; J. Kotfe, 2; Hv C. Bagrt, 3. - Beoimd event—C. Irish, 1; H.C. Bag^t, » JWrdeiwit— •W. Si Haa^fi^lflf Miats; C?trlsli, e,8 points; H.R. Bacons, 7prints. - • ,'.-„ •' Wnlkire Jtateii, twouJiles—Rr^ £5; second £2— C.ilanlqn, I; JTMenries,«. • " One 'Mile Handicaj) —Ptet, 1615^ second, «3; ftWU^. O'Brien, 1; T. R*n*tt. 2; s! Ji. J S ^ J j ^ S™ mile.—First SitofSttS"-'' MthMr M'Donald'seecond] This race brought to a, close a very successful sports meeting. SPOBTS ON TTFFI WESTERS OVAL The third of an annual series of sports in aid of the Roman Catholic schools of the disyesterday at the Western OvaL The sports were also amalgamated with a temperance demonstration, over which Father Heuneberry presided. The temperance procession was a very imposing aHair no less than 1700 persons inarching in it! Headed by the members of the H.A.C.B.S. ninety in number, decorated with regalia, and marshalled by Messrs Fitzgerald andCorbett, the procession left the hall in Dawson street, marched down Start street into Barkly street, back along the Main ro^d, and np to the Oval.. Amongst the ranks were distributed numerous banners and bannerets, in addition to which there were two very iaige and handsome Irish national flags. The weather was very propitious, and there was a great number of people on the ground, about 4000 in alL Mr Brophy acted as general manager Mr Carey as general secretary, and Mr B.. Fitzgerald as assistant secretary, and the following were the stewards- D. Fitzpatviek, W. Barry, M'Cormack, Walton, John Graber, Hurley, Thomas Kierse, Michael Courtney, James Coleman, William Boche, Michael Mlntyre, T 3 O'Brien, M. Meehan, W. Hanraliani Uabbett, Crowley, Keher, John Cooney, James Noonan, M'Lennan, E. Mntphyl W. OBrien, Patten, Cadley, and Kitson! AlLthe stewards, officers, ic., worked energetically, and did their best to cany matters out to a successful issue. There were eating and drinking bottles galore, but out of respect to Father Heaneberry and the temperance demonstration, none but teetotal drinks were sold on the ground. A staging was erected for step- dancing, and a contest took place on it (hereafter mentioned), Mr M'Lachlan being the piper. There were two bands on the ground —the Ballarat ^Vest drum and fife band and (Sty and Town drum and fife band. The principal event in the programme of the sports was the hurling match, Ballarat and Busgaree against Stawell and Ararat. The trams were of thirteen men each; Mr John Nconan being captain of the home team, and Mr .Carroll of the visitors. Mr Brophy acted as central umpire, and Messrs J. Lafor and 1 L. I'helan as held umpires. The were Sir Jolm O'Shiras-y and "Mr S^.-tt at the north end, and Kir J. J. Fitzger^;,! and Father Frawley at the Eouth cml After a spirited contest, the hgme team proved the conquerors by two'goals to nil After the hurting Father Henneberry delivered an. address from the staging. He said he had many reasons to be gratefnl to Ballarat, but the present gathenng was certainly the climax. . He had discovered a rich mine, and one of a remunerative nature. It was necessary to dig deep ill it for the precious metal, and when people had it they should be careful to keep it." : Tin's tuine was total abstinence, and many had taken shares in it, and were drawing dividends from it. . Those who invested in it were paid in prosperity, which was one of its certain accompaniments. Then, again, there was respectability in temperance. An inebriate,-no matter how well connected,. or how clever, soon lost caste, and became socially degraded. Good health was another accompaniment of temperance, so that amongst the blessings it bestowed were health, prosperity, and respectability, while: it certainly advanced people's spiritual welfare. He was glad to learn it was not the case what had been said of the Ballarat people, namely, that they were breaking the pledge wholesale. I)r Moore had' told him he knew of only thre£ iu the district. No less than 14,000 took the pledge in Queensland, and vciy few had broken it. Another reason of their gathering to-day was to promote the cause of Christian religion. EdncatioD pointed .out the way to Heaven, and the testimony of eminent men in all ages showed snch was the case. Education kept up the standard of society, but when imparted without religion tended to' the destruction of all moral restraint. History pointed out that the downfall of every nation was attended with irreb'gion and immorality. Education was everything to the young generation, and they were right.in coming together to promote the education so dear to their hearts. After the address the jports were continued, the following being the results:— Maiden Bace.—J. Fallon, 1. Tiirowing Heavy Stone.—M. Ryan and .T.O'Grads", 1a feet 3 inches, 1; .tames Frawley, 18 feet SJnches, 2. Highland Flinjr and Beet—A. Coatts, 1; H. Scvior, 2. Irish Jij and EceL—J. Hogan, 1; 51. O'ftlicaand C. Dulierty, 2. Walking M.lLcli, tiro miles.—E Robertson, 1; J. Young, &; C. Combe, 3. In the tag nf mu- no derision was given, and the pony ^ndbicycle races did not come otf, BCTMXYONB KACES. These were not the least attractive sports of the day, and at an early hour cabloads of excursionists were wending their way in A. M'Donald's, and numerous other vehicles, to the Borough Park course. The appearance of the weather in the early morning was far from favorable for tlie day's sport, and when the liell rung for the first race, there was not above a conple of thousand persons on the ground, but full loaded vehicles then rolled in, many of them laden with Ballarat visitors, and there must have Ijsen fnlly 4030 distributed over tlie .ground at the busiest part of the day. For the first time in this district the totalisator was at work, in toe hands of a Mr Walton, a person who appeared to know something of its workings, and the amount of patronage it received was indicative of the favor in which - it was held in the outside paddock. A large number of select parties took advantage of the shade which the umbrageous trees afforded, and in the intervals between the races the young people disported themselves in a variety- of games The racing on the whole was good, out the intervals were un- necessarily prolonged, as usual. The programme commenced with the Maiden Plate, for which there were nine, starters. Diana tothepostpumpedout. -During theeventasad accidentoecurred to young Tom Greville, the rider of Windsor, who was thrown by his horse stumbling on going round the bend, the succeeding horse striking him on the right jaw, and causing acouuninuted fracture. He was taken to the Ballarat District Hospital as soon as passible, but he had to v. ait some time before the-arrival of a surgeon to attend to his wound. A large amount of sympathy was c-sprcssed for young Greville, who, with Ins family, is much respected hi Ballarat. A great number of picnic parties had located- themselves in the beautiful shrubbery at. the rear of the grand stand, and the resonant and continued laughter indicated that they were having h[gh times all day. The stewards and other officials 'fulfilled their duties in first-class style, and gave generalsatisfaction although the starts were sometimes rather behind time. The following were the officers:— Stewards—Messrs P. Hedrick, G. Hale, <5. Inncs, I). M'Kay, G. Whykes, E. Uren, W. Whykes, A. Mtjennan, Benj. Hepburn, J. Johnston,' C. Stanford, S. Goode, H. Turner; judge—Mr G. lanes; starter, Mr P. Hedrick; clerk of course, .Mr N. Smith; secretary, Mr ft. M. Harvey." The following are the particulars of the racing:— MAII>EN of 7 -EOVB. For all horses that have never.won an advertised race of 7 SOVB fir over. One mile and a distance. - Mr J. KJdmiert Pop (late Bobin), 13 yts, 9st 118b <H. Uray) MrT. MaiserV Diana, aged, fist tab Jlr C. Trf£E"B lacy, 4 yrs, Set 111) .. 3 Six others started. Betting—2 Piana, 3 to 1 Windsor; winner not mentioned. Going round the turn after the start, Pop andXiucy got together, and made the pace, the favorite bringing np the rear, the remainder of the field tailing off ..Tarn Greville, on Windsor, mis about fifth, when he came down a purler, and Mints .earning aext kicked him "in the jaw, by which he sustained a double fracture. Tlie two leaders then-made the running until oomin« up the rtraight fcome, when Diana, who had a race on her own' account before .the event, came with a i-ush into .eactmd place^bnt was unable to reach P<ro, who won by three lengths. The reat of the fidd were nowhere. HANDICAP HtjnOLE BACE —Of 15 sovs. \--Abouttac jailes,.aver eigb-thurdles. Mr A. Taylor's pg Fairiie, iyrs, BstSJb <Parkei),l Mr H. MimsWg Windsor, 5 yra, «st fflb. - -2 .lip betting was15 to 2 on Faiilie, .aiw the = result jiistiQedit.•' ,V'>'-" 4 |f OnemHe BOSOCBH" MismcAP—Oi Is sovs. . r j-ajHla- fealf.' 4 Mr 3 : W W ifariSii est I«b{Pajker) Mr A. Taylor's Bain, 7st 7ib (M^ Mr B-Howie's Snipfabi, tstaih . \--- i.^vj. Mrf Wrrt ^ but soon fie went up and iwon casaly,, hands down. HjLKTCCAjp teOT—Of S acrTS.' About 3 miles. Mr Wright's Dfamiond, *00 jaota - . - 'i ^ J.«howmaii'aMaid, 100 yds ... S : Mr OtrtsVedaMlr •• -• -• • IJe winner was well let in, and won with nearly one thousand yards-to. spue. Time, Smth..29sec. . ' - - SELLING FLAT RACE—Of 10 EOVB. One mile -. < and - a half. Mr T. Maisey's b m Diana. 7at l2b (S*Goinurt ,1 Mr Cavanagh's Sir Kichird, Est 101b - Mr A. P.'Ores Euby, Tat Sib .. .. This was the best contested race of tileday. Diana forced the pace from the* start, followed by Sir fiiehard, and anting home, the latter attempted to get on ehen. terms with the mare, bat failed, and fce clever little jockey of the latter landed Diana the winner by a couple of lengths, anid great cheering. 1 A Hack Hace in heats, won lr-Mr Pi Hunt's Gentle Annie, wound np -a very pleasant race meeting. \ 1 • ACADEMV oy McsicJ The Christmas pantomime " Auriteia, the Enchanted Isle; or, Harlequin Litfe Jack Washington and the Man in the Moon," drew a magnificent house at the Acaiemy of Music last night. The efforts of the nanagement in preparing the pantomime hid evidently been noticed by the public, foi at as early an hour as sir o'clock people began to gather round the doors d. the Academy, preparing for an earl- entrance into 1 that place of amusenent. Of-., the-plan of the pantomime we have, already had something to say, and it renains to be added that, judging by the pr>xmse given of its first production, onr expectttione of its success will be fully realised.The scenery ol the jpiece is CriQiantly parted; Mr Huntley having a good deal to ehov for MB labors of the past few weeks, ancj the libretto is entertaining. The Lwhole piee is capitally put on the stage, and theperforiicrs are admirably suited to the paris eastaganst them. The characters represented an as g follows: — Sunites — Prince Phaeton, lias Marian Willis. Moonites—Queen Luna, Jiss NellieWanls; Diainantroa, Miss KateVenpn; Stella, Miss Rose Vernon Paget. Of The Earth Earthy—Little Jack \Vashii:gin, Miss Julia Featherstone. Vejy indiffereri— Larrikinos, Mr I. F. Keogh; Malignanta,l4r J. P. O'Neill. Doubtful characters—te Hon. Jerry Braham, Mr D. J. Barf'; Aurifcra, Mr W. 3. Medus^leader of he Opposition, a Luna politician, Mr |3. Ryder. Sub-marines — Captain Mop, K.K.R., Mr C K. Lawrie. The fi*t part of the piece is rather long, -and nil bear the pruning-knife, while the acitn burlesque quickened will improve it. The audience enjoyed the biriesque greatly,' as each hit in the dialogb was made, and frequent applause and laugi ter showed that the author was well undei stood. The harlequinade proved immens fun, the comical incidents in it, whicl we are unable, in this notice to detail keeping the audience fairly convulsed wit! merriment, and thehall occasionally rung with shouts of laughter, as someone or other ca-pital point was made by the clown and t h "olaun." The characters in the harlequin Mde were i-Hariequin, Mr FraakVcrten; Harlequin a la Watteau, MissRosalie Onvalh; Columbines, Miss S Lloyd and Miss H.' Duvalli; Harleqmna, Miss! Kate Vernon;" Clown, Mr W. Arrowsmith; Pantaioon, ! o Mr PaJ^r Gill; Policeman, MrC. K. Lawrie;p Miss Mica Willis Willio did A**l the Hin little-she liHl&.ehii had Unit to Jn do Prince Phaston, well, and Miss Kate Vernon, as Diamantina, appeared to great advantage. Mr 3. P. -O'Keilrs make-up as Malignanta—a stout young lady—was great, and he kept tile audience in roars of laughter during the time he was nnder tho flame of the footlights. Some very pretty effects were produced by a band of tiny sailors, who marched and counter-marched on the stage with such precision as to evoke loud applause. The piece concluded with a lively display of the scenic artist's work, the transformation scene being indeed remarkably pretty and effective. Hie actors in the harlequinade acquitted themselves most creditably, the Duvalli sisters doing very clever dancing. The panorama included some good sketches of old Ballarat, concluding with a picture of Lake Wendouree as it now is. Air Keogh dressed as the mayor of the city, acted as lecturer in the panorama. The audience recognised Mr Huntley's work by calling him aud his assistant(Sir W. Matthews) befpre the curtain. It is impossible in our short notice to say all that could be said of the entertainment which was a credit to the management throughout, and greatly enjoyed by the audience. Considering that -last night was the first night of the pantomime, it went very well; very few, and those but slight, hitches occurring, " Aurifera" will be produced again to-night at the Acadcmy of Music. MECHANICS' IKSTITCTE. Professor Jonas opened for a season at the Mechanics' Institute last night with an illusionaiy and vocal and instrumental performance. The programme was found to be EO long that a curtailment was necessary in order to suit country patrons; while owing to the number of performers engaged all could not appear last night. The illusionary portion of . the entertainment consisted of the representation of the opera " Faust." Mr Charles Florence supported the title role, Miss Octavia lane played Marguerite, Miss Maud Walton .Siebel, and Mr T. B. Brown Mephisfopheles. The weird character of the play, in which the frequent appearauce of the evil one is made an adjunct, renders it very fit for production by Professor Jonas. The suddeu appearance and departure 'of the demon am enacted with lightning" celerity, making him come and go with a speed credited to his sable majesty. The synopsis of the play, as shown by; the professor, is as follows:— ScenesJ.—Faust's studio in the University of tsottenborg. The old doctor bowed down by age. Tired of his life. The incantation. Sudden appearance of Mephistopheles. The demon's proposal The effects. They enter into their unholy compact Faust transformed into a youthful noble. Vision of- Marguerite. Sojne 2—Margaret's cottage in Heidelberg. She is engaged in spinning. Her retirement within the cottage. Faust and Mephisto- The casket of admiration ^ j e w e l s . & returns. Her refusal of the jewels and his love. The demon appears, and she accepts both the ewels and the love of Faust. Scene 3— forest in Germany. Faust (now Maguexite's destroyer) having slain her brother, is trying to escape, but too late. The demon pursues him. Faust sues for mercy, and wishes to see Marguerite once more. The demon consents. Vision of Marguerite in a dungeon. " Chained to a pillar. Her repentance. Scene 4—Cathedral in Heidelberg. Marguerite dying at the altar. Appearance of the demon and Faust at the door of the cathedral. The demon baffled by Marguerite's repentance. The midnightbeU. Theapotheosis. Marguerite borne through the clouds supported by angels. The various excitlug scenes of the ilay are carried out in a very spirited manner, >oth acting and singing being creditable to the performers. The whole of the music incidental to the opera was sung, and in a manner that gave great satisfaction. The apotheosis, representing Marguerite borne up to Heaven by. the angels, was deserving of particular mention, following " Faust" dime a musical melange^ of. which the following was the programme: — Gems of Erin, introducing favorite songs and dances, Miss May Vivian and Mr T. Buckley; grand descriptive scena, "The desert," MrT. B. Brown; serio-comic song, "Ain'tl sweet," Little Virgie Vivian; song, "Once again," Mr Charles Florence; banjo solo, Mr T. Buckley; song, "Alas, those chimes," Miss Maud' Walton; song, "111 seek for thee in every flower," Miss Octavia Lane; specialities, Little Virgie Vivian. Mr Buckley was very successful m his banjo solos, and Miss Virgie Vivian sang her sonj; very nicely. Mr T. B. Brown gave a grant rendering of "The desert," and Mr C. Florence was heard to advantage in the favorite song, "Once again." Miss Maud Walton sang "Alas! those chimes," very -creditably, and the samemay.be said of Miss Lane in " I'll seek for thee in every Bower." After the ringing came a second Ulnsionaiy performance by the-Christy Minstrels and their Phantom Friends, in which; spectres, which appear'and disappear apparently at will, mis up in a bewildering way with the minstrels, who apparently walk through them, or over them without their being at all inconvenienced. The evening's entertainment -concluded with the laughable spectral Christmas pantomime, entitled "-The Enchanted House, or 'Harlequin little Jack Horner, and the- Ghost Beyds in the Land of Wonders.In .this piece the ^host performances were again the source of much wonder and merriment. Altogether Uie performance was a veiy good -and very enjoyable'one. . To-night Professor Jonas w-ill.play again, with new-aiitactiona. : \- Tbk Buttrm : .- \-- The-traffic ou-ihe railways on Christmas Day and yesterday was exceedingly heavy, (he .latter day in particular. The station was crowded.dnrinc the arrival and -departure of various trains, those from Melbourne bring yeiy late, tt was fomt necessary to add sheep tracks to , state of (he np-country trains yesterday, in order to carry off -the surplus p ger trafBc. The people on the station were very onleriy, and we did not hear of any accidents. On Christmas Eve the van of the 7.10 train to Melbourne was handsomely decorated with flowers and evergreens worked into beautiful devices and brilliantly lit' up. 6n one cade the letters " V.R." were worked in holly and ivy leaves on a tasty groundwork. The following was the state of the traffic for Christmas Day and Boxing Day. The arrivals on Christinas Day and yesterday respectively- were, as follows:—Melbourne line, 400, 400; Portland, 300,. 150; Echuca, 550, 1400—total, 3200. Departures—Melbourne line, 1190, 1100; Portland, 370, 330; Sandhurst, 710, 370—total, _ 3970. Grand total of traffic, 7170. 