COUNTRY LETTERS. (From our own Correspondents). fvn:rnoxsTox ; December 4. A Band of Hope meeting was held here on Wednesday evening last. Mr, Symons in his speech on the benefits of Bands of Hope said long addresses were out of place, and something more exciting was needed, such ns recitations and dialogues to sus tain the interest. When Bands of Hope were first started the leaders tried to get old people to sign the pledge and failed miserably, then they thought they would reverse it and get young people to sign, and in nearly every instance since, Bands of Hope had been a success. Just like the little boy who went into a farm yard and killed a!J the goslings, he went into the second and did the same ; in the third yard the farmer saw him, arid asked him what he was doing. He said yesterday a ganlrr beat me and nearly killed me, and now I'm going to kill all the goslings I can find, and then they cannot grow into ganders and worry nie. So they must get tbe children to join the Band of Hope, and when the}- grew up they would not know the taste of beer, and would never be drunkards. Another benefit was that total abstinence led to health and wealth ; those who spent their money in beer could not be so well off as those who did not. A reading by Mr. Garret, "Press on," followed, and, considering it was his maiden effort, did it in good style. A recitation was then given by Miss F. George, alter which Mr. Symons sang The Teetotal Canoe"" and was londiy applauded. " The Parsons and the Corkscrews," a recitation, by C. Parsons, came next, and S. George recited " Holienlinden.'' Song, " Father, dear father, come home," by Mr. Symons, was greatly appreciated. A. A. George recited "The Publicans Net." The meeting was brought to a close bv Mr. W. Symons reciting "The Broken Book Case." About 20 signed the pledge. The next meeting will he held in a fortnight, when there will be a good pro- . gramme. The weather has changed again from boiling to freezing. Very little rain has fallen, just enough to stop the reaping for two or three days. The want of fresh water is beginning to be felt in this part of the neighborhood. Many have to fall back on their wells, and these «re generally very brackish. Cricketing is prospering iiere as well as in the other part of the colony. I hem ihe Jj.mestown Club mean io try conelusions with the Jtali Italiites on Christmas Duv. C'ioxatto. December 7. The weather for the last eight or nine days has been very unsettled. V.'e have had a fair share of duststorms. On the ;5rd instant it looked as if wo wore going to have a good fall of rain, but it soon cleared away again. The farmers in this Hundred are getting o'F tin-ir crops, and the yield is somewhat better than was expected for some two or three months past. Messrs. C. & E. Millers, the contractors for the Quorn end of the Pichi Railway, are making great headway with the formation of the line. In about seven or eight months the Coonatto farmers should not be the least alarmed if they should hear the whittle of " Pulling Billy " coming through the country. For some days past there have been several swagman amongst us looking for work, and going along the Railway, from one camp to another, getting all the information they could concerning the slj grog shanties along the line. I have been told that two of them came to a tent on the line with a search-warrant: one of them went into a tint and turned up the bed and bc-dding, the result of their labor being that they found two bottles of ale, while one of them stood on guard at the door with a loaded revolver. Whether the householder was in or not I cannot say. Water is very scarce about here; the Coonatta dam is "getting very low. Now should be the time to get it cleared out— what it w ants badlv. Ci >ahk. December G. The election of a councillor for North- West Ward took place on Wednesday last at Ford's Hotel. Thirty-nine ratepayers voted, and the result was:—For Mr. E. C. Rix, 20; Mr. C. Provis, 17; informal two. Mr. Rix was therefore declared duly elected. On Thursday afternoon last the newly-elected Mayor and Councillors of the Clare Municipality took the oath of allegiance to Her Majesty. The committees were also appointed at the same time, as under:—Public Works— Councillors Jacobs, Jsinnts, and Rix J'iflflHce—Councillors Kelly, Work, and it was resolved that a bonus of be given to the Town Clerk. ^ b -»<j cOit££>t in aid of the Sisters of A gr;.. • - ji,;})^,! was given in th St. Josephs ^-iti^vevepipg, December Town-Hall on a -'ty^e ajtwt^nnce, and 2 There was a ven occupied the the Mayor (Mr. F. C. ^jddrcss bv chair. After an npproprn. tf&awid; by the Chairman, an overture was _ Jjiet. Mr. Piyor's Brass Bund. The " Music and hc-r Sister Song," was elu ively tung by Miss McNamara and Miss Daly, and was followed by the song, 11 Thy Voice is Near," given by Mr. Motley. Miss Mary Henry then sang very sweetly the song, "Oh give to me "those Early Flowers." A recitation, entitled "The Spanish Champion," given by Mr. Dare, wss followed by the song " The Blue Alsatian Mountains," charmingly sung by Miss Treleaven. Mr. Buckingham sang, Wrecked and Saved" in a pleasing style and was followed by " The Merry Zingar'' splendidly sung by Miss Bcrmingham. In response to an cncorc she sang very sweetly, "The last Rose of Summer." After the duct " Flowers and Butterflies," by Miss 31. Graham and Miss R. Daly, a farce, entitled " The Water Barrel," was performed by Messrs. Baum, Smelt, and Owens, £i'ter q short interval Mies Cousins and Miss Gillen played the duet, " Covent Garden Quadrilles," and w followed by the amusing song, " Babies on our Block" by Mr. Toovey. "The Bridge" was sung very expressively by Miss Lumbers, and heartily encored. Mr. Buckingham then sang "Tim Flaherty"in characteristic style, and with very good effect. Miss Bcrmingham sang very nicely the song, " The Lover and the Sunshine," and in response to an encore she sang " The Merry Sunshine." Mr. Buchanan then gave a. humorous recitation. The song "Chide not, my Heart" was mccly given by Miss Treleaven, and Mr. Macfarhine followed with the song " The dear little Shamrock." " Eileen Alannah" was sweetly sung by Miss McNamara, and was encored. Mr. Motley sang " Let me kiss him for his Mother," after which an operetta, entitled " The Blind Beggars," was cleverly performed by Messrs. Buckingham and G. Young. The proceeds amounted to £2'X On Saturdaj' last Professor Pepper gave his first entertainment in the Town-Hall There was a moderate attendance, and the entcrtainmant was marvellous in every j part. The ghostly apparitions were vcry good exhibitions of optical science. " The I Lovers and the Umbrelh" was very tragical and amusing. "The Spectre of the Castle of TJdolpho"waa also very tragical. "The barber worried by ghosts" and The Artist's Dream" wereYcry cleverly exhibited. Microscopic slides were exhibited, and were very interesting. The shadow pantomime caused much amusement. On Monday evening the entertain- ment resumed, and was well patronised. The Lovers and the l"mbrella"and "The Barber Worried by Giiosts" were again vleverfr exhibited. Several other tragical scenes were also exhibited. The microcopic views of the City of London were neatly admired, especially St. Paul's Cathedral, The Guild sill, The Tower of London, and the Rega 'ia of England. The shadow pantomime w.ts again reproduced, and was very amusing. The cricket match -Jamestown v. Clare, which was to have b ;tn played here on Saturday last, did not come off, owing to the Jamestown team being unable to come down. 