DIARY. June, | Sun. | H. Water on Bar. 1880\. | Rises. | Sets. | Morn. | Even. 2 | Wednesday | 6.47 | 5.8 | 4.10 | 4.34 MOON.—New moon, on the 8th June, at 8.7 a.m. THE TELEGRAPH. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2. The Courier yesterday adopted the novel but by no means reprehensible expe- dient of quoting in extenso one of its own leading articles on the subject of branch railways, written two years ago. It may be assumed that this "leader," published, as we are duly informed, on the 10th of August, 1878, included, in the editor's estimation, all that could be urged on that side of the subject, and therefore as he deemed it necessary to repeat the arguments at the present time what was the good of beating about the bush, so to speak, for syno- nyms to state the matter over again in different words conveying precisely the same meaning, simply to give a sem- blance of originality to the composi- tion ? Better to honestly repubiish it for what it is and no more, with a few words of introduction explaining the circumstances under which it has been deemed necessary to take this rather unusual course, and a short exordium to duly impress the reader with the importance of the arguments thus re- produced after so long an interval. But we cannot conscientiously affirm that these arguments have impressed us with their logical force and accuracy any more now, if so much, as when they were first printed, nearly two years ago. On the contrary, a stern regard for truth compels us to acknowledge that the oftener we read these statements the more firmly are we convinced of their unsoundness, until we are almost tempted to exclaim 'who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge ?' Indeed, not to put too fine a point upon it, our contemporary seems in this article to have started from false premises and laboriously struggled on to altogether wrong con clusions. If, as we hope to show, this was the case when the article was first written, it must be so now, because leading articles — even Courier leading articles — do not improve by ago like good wine, and mellow down from crude fallacy to pure and invigorating truth simply by careful and judicious keeping. Briefly stated, our contemporary's contention is that, as there is a growing demand on the part of the publicto make the Crown lands benefited thereby bear the whole cost of construction and maintenance of any further extension of trunk lines of railway into the western wilderness,' those who make this demand Bust, to be consistent, also insist that the private lands benefited by branch lines of railway shall in like manner be made to bear the whole cost of their construction and maintenance. This argument does not appear to 'ruu.on all fours,' as the lawyers say. In, the first place, because railways are never built by sensible intelligent .people solely or even mainly to benefit the land through which they are taken, but to afford an easy, speedy, and certain means of communication to a popula tion sufficiently numerous to pay for the accommodation so provided. And, in the second place, because the circum stances in the tivo cases are not analo gous. To support its argument, the Courier has to assume that no. branch line which could be constructedithrough the ; most populous diBtaict in the colony is more likely to earn sufficient to pay its cost than a main line which nobody but a: few pastoral lessees can make use of— an assumption vfhich we cannot ?b.u't. regard as both unjustifiable and unrea* lonable. ?. Lot it be shown, that any pro posed branch railway would not, either at the start or within a reasonable time 'afterwards, be able tocommand suifi-, cient traffic to pay working expenses, and the interest on the money which would have to be borrowedto construct it — and that' would be an all-sufEcient reason why such a railway should not be made. If, on the contrary, it could be shown that the chances were all in favour of the proposed line earning its expenses, and the interest on the money necessary to construct it, either at the first or in a reasonable timft aftfirronrrfa that, we apprehend, would be an all sufficient reason why such a railway should bo built, if money could be bor rowed at current rates for the purpose. The demand that the main trunk lines of railway shall not be extended to the pastoral lands of the interior with out making those lands bear the whole cost of construction and maintenance, ia based on the fact that these lands still belong to the State, and are now held by tenants at a rental varying from a farthing to one-sixteenth of a farthing por annum per acre. These tenants, or rather their representatives iu Parlia ment, demand that their 'landlord, the State, Bhall build railways for their con-' venience sololy,' to enable them to have more safe, easy, and. speedy means of communication with the nearest port of shipment for their produce and the obtaining of necessary supplies, and also iu order that they may turn to more profitable account tlie vast areas they now rent on such ex ceedingly easy terms. . These trunk lines of railway already exteud a considerable distance inland towards' their stationo, and dp not pay working expenses ; it is on record that the fur ther they have been extended the less per inilo lias been the average earnings of .'these lines,, and it is reasonable to conclude that this decrease will con tinue iu mathematical, if notin geometri cal, ratio the further they are extended inland, because all settlement and the possibility of settlement within reach of these railways decreases in proportion to their extension. The leaseholders are sternly determined to stick to the land they hold adjacent to railways, either as leasehold op freehold ; so, when ever any portion of their runs iB re sumed aud offered for sale, they simply buy it. Under these circumstances it iB far better to let the-land remain under lease. But if the tenants demand rail ways for their special' coavenience, it is surely not unreasonable on the part of the landlord lo insist that his tenants shall pay au additional rent for the extra accommodation thus provided ? ~We fail to discover' auy analogy what ever between the case of the Crown lessees who demand' railway accommo dation aud that of the residents in a populous district who own the land and are sufficiently numerous, or are in a fair' way of soon becoming; sufficiently numerous to provide' sufficient traffic to make-the line pay. ..' ? The Courier seems to be vigorously wrestliog with some ghost of its own raising,.for it says,-^'The advocates of the newly-proposed branch liaes would have the colony borrow, millions to divide them among the land-holders in some parts of the settledi districts.' 'VVho, in the name of heaven,, are these wicked! advocates ? We yearn to know, in order that we may assist our ; big.- brother to- the best of our poor- ability in heaping upon them the withering scorn and; contempt they so richly deserve, and shaming them into everlasting silence,, if the thing be at all possible. We have not met with or so much as heard of one of the tribe as yet.. And the 'newly-proposed branch lines' — where-are they? True, the article under notice was written two years- ago come nest Amgust,. but its reproduction in our contemporary's leading columns yesterday, justifies the supposition, that the- '-advocates ' and the 'newly proposed branch lines n are still somewhere about. The- proposed Ipswich and Eassifern branch, line is the only one mentioned,, and this- was not a ' newly proposed ' line, in the strict sense of the term, on the lOthiof August, 1878 ;. but, if it can be shown that this line is not likely to earn enough to pay working expenses and interest on the cost of construction: we ara- ready and willing, at the shortest notice,, to assist in spoiling the little game of the landholders in that locality who may be hungering; after a big pile from; these borrowed millions. But until there is some reliable data to go upon in proof that the Eassifern line will not pay working expenses and the interest on the money required to con struct it, it seems little better than a wicked waste of righteous indignation and eloquent denunciation to expend it upon this proposal, muchi more upon ' newly proposed branch lines-' that seem'to have no local habitation or a name. Dogs at the Exit iition. — Intending ex hibitors of dogs at tho Exhibition, next month, will be glad to loam that all kinds of terriers, as well as bulldogs may be' cropped' without disqualifying them for competition. Thb 'WEiTHEa.'— Yesterday. tho;weath£ir was again 'fine throughout the colony, the only sta tion at whioh it was cloudy, being Cardwell. At Brisbane the greatest heat in. the sun was 100 degs..,:*i the shads 74, and.- the lowest in tho sh'udo 49. The greatest heat in this shade at Cape Moreton was SO, at Toowoomba CO, at Warwick; 61, and at Oooktovwi 71' degrees. 3?roat waa experienced' during' the- night at Banana, Goondiwindi, . Spi.'ngsure, and Stan thorpe. It was Sue at Sidney.,. Melbourne, and Adelaide. ' ' Quiok.'Woek. — Sir. Heniy Parkas made a* speech the other- day at tho ojjsmug of the Blaycisy School. It waa icgortrd verbatim by the reporters of the S, Mi .SeraM,. and althongh Sir Henry did not oondude uatil past noon, the speech, containing 5,300. words as tele graphed, was transcribed by the- reporters and completely despatched from, the- Bla} ney Tele graph Cffice Bhortly afier3;p.mu. The telegraph, authorities sent a specially dexterous operator — Mr. Coop-sr, of, Bathvist— -aad to this gentle roan's ability tha'. rapidity el transmission is largely to bo attributed. Catholic; , You:o,.Men's. Ia. .uaev ustp Da jaATiNQ. Hcoauc. — liiere -was a very good iattendancjyof'the above society. last ovoDlrg at ;St. Stephen's Bohoolrdom. A, debate took tjlace, 'the subject being '-Wellington v. Napolson— who waa the gjeatest military genius ? of the two?, llx. A. Ft- Ledger opened tho debate in favo^ of Wellington, and was, replied to by Mr. E. j. 'Kojlv, ,wh'o do'fonded tho petit cdporil. X (-Fery,'UvelyVdi8ousaion io'lowod, and. for a long 'time' it seemed as H Welling ton's supporters fwere going^to hava it a!' their own way ; but, ultimately, when a division was called, it was decided by a large majority that Napoleon was deoidcd'.y a . greater military genius than Wellington. Tho aooiety will moot1 again next Tuesday evening, whon a debate will take place, on 'Capital Punish ment.' Oity Polios CotraT. — The business to-day was ! light and consisted of fining Wi'km Dawson, Emma Dawson, and William BobBon 10s. each or twenty-four hours, for making use of obscene language. A summons case was part heard and adjourned until Friday. The plaintiff, E. Bancroft, a jockey, Bued Dr. Pur cell, the owner of the jumping horse Saffron (late Creamy), for £6, the fee for ilding the horse in the Hurdle P ice at tho late races at Kaglo Farm. Plaintiff rode thehorse until the negotia tion of the second hurdle, when horse and rider parted company. The defenoe was that plaintiff was inoompetent to ride a jumping raoo. Tho evidence of plaintiff, of the jockey Kennedy, and of the defendant and his groom was takon and tho oase adjourned for the producion of further testimony, Mr. Bunton appeared for tho dofeace. 