Lobd Augustus Lonus. — A telegram from Melbourne on Thursday informed ns that London Vanity Fair contain a statement to the effeot that Lord Augustus LoftuB ia already tired of New Sonth Wale, and anxious to be relieved of his dnties a Governor. We are glad to havean official contradiction of thia statement, having itbis morning reoeived the following oommunioa- tion from his Excellenoy's private aeoretary : — "The editor of the Evening News,— Sir, — I am directed by his Excellency the Governor, to state that there is not the slightest foundation for the announoement in your paper of this date, said to be derived from Vanity Fair, that his Excellency '.has applied to be relieved of his Governorship. On the contrary, his Excellency haB always ex pressed his entire satisfaction with the colony, and his admiration of its scenery ond beautiful climate, and of the marvellous progress which it has made ; he looks forward with pleasure to re main the uanal term of years, end hopes to prove to the people of New South Wales the deep in terest he takes in the welfare and prosperity of the colony. — 1 am, Sir, yours obediently, Regi nald Bloxsoub, P.S. Government House, 19th July, 1880." — Evening News, Aoe, Salaby, and Length or Service of Civil Servants. — Two returns have been printed to an order of the Legislative Assembly, referring to the employment of persons of certain ages in the Department of Justice, and bIbo the length of time during which certain Civil servants have been employed. The first return shows the number of persons employod under the Depart ment of Justice of the age of 65 years and up wards, and gives their ages, salaries, date of appointment and office held, as follows: — Reginald Hare, 67, £500, March 1, 1862, Police Magistrate, Corowa ; David Charles Frederick Scott, 75, £600, February 27, 1849, Polico Mogis- trate, Central Police Offioe, Sydney ; Thomas ' Coman, 73, £225, April 12, 1859, Clerk of Potty Sessions, &o.;, Stroud, Port Stephens ; John James Allman, 66, £500, June 1, 1829, Polico Magistrate, Gonlburn ; Marcus F. Browmigg, 79, £450, August 9, 1860, Police Magistrate, Albury ; Arthur Todd Holroyd, 73, £1250, September, 16, 1856, Muster in Equity and 'Master in Lunacy ; Francis Townsend Rusden, 68, £400, September 1, 1875, Polico Magistrate, Warialda ; Frederick Browne Russell, 70, £450, August 3, 1864, Polioe Magistrate, Queanbeyan ; John Gnrrott, 75, £450, January 4, .1860, Police Magistrate, Scone; William " Tucker Evans, 68, £205, April 21, 1851, Clerk of Petty Sessions and Registrar of Distriot Court, Orange, The second roturn givos similar par ticulars as to tho numbor of porsons who have been 35 years or upwards in tho public service, and inoludes: John James Allmnn, 66, £500, Juno 1, 1829, Police Magistrate, Qonlburu ; Henry Gonnell, 51, £390, AuguBt 21, 1844, Police Magistrate ond Clork of Petty Sessions, Kiama ; Henry Gordon, 58, £300, Uecombor 1, 1841, Polioe Magistrato, Wollombi ; Alexander Charles Maxwell, 64, £500, February 24, 1813, Registrar, District Court, Sydnoy. Unmasking a "Ghost." — Tho IJathursl Free Press states that in tho wostorn portion of the town is situated a pieco of ground on which a building is erected. This property has boon in the occupation of a man whom wo will coll Ghost for a length of time, and tho lawful owner up to the prose nt has been unable to eject him. Being afraid'that tho law may shortly be put in foroo, and that ho may bo compelled to give up possession, Ghost has been adopting cortain plans in order that tho value of tho property may bo depreciated. Tho property has cither been purchased or is under offer, and, in order to frighten any porson from purchasing tho premises, the man has lately boon moving about the paddook near the street covered with a largo white sheet, thus attempting to load pooplo to believe that tho place wus haunted, and that tho restless spirits were exorcising themselves uftor nightfalj. This schomo of his sticceoded to his own satisfaction for a timo, until a few nights ago a young man was passing tho spot referred to, when suddenly he saw what ho took to bo a ghost. Ho was alarmed, and in hiB fright stood "motionless in the street, when, seeing tho "spirit" moving towards him, ho became still more alarmed. He had with him a faithful dog, and, oalling the animal by name, told him to " take to him." The dog oboyed his master's command and made straight for the ' Bpirit," who, noticing the turn matters had taken, en deavoured to seek shelter in the house; but Jbefore he had gone far tho dog seized the sheet with which he was oovered, tearing it from top to.bottom and exposing to view the body of the man. The dog then made for his legs, ond gave the ghost some severo bites. The spirit tried to hiok the dog off, and while doing this the young -man, who by this timo had recovered from his 'fright, threw a stono at him and struok him in the small of the back. The additional pain caused by this blow made the man cry aloud and use language the reverse of polite. r The Kellys, — In common with a number of our contemporaries, we IaBt week published an artiole whioh appeared in tho Qeelony Times, relative to the conduot of superintendent Hare on on occasion when it was asserted that he, in company with trooper Phillips, miBsed an ex cellent opportunity of shooting the Kellys in the ranges. In the paragraph referred to it waB assorted that Hare and Phillips, ocoompanied by Aaron Shorritt, came upon the outlaws in the ranges, and crept up to within 200 yards of them, the outlaws being seated round a fire. Aaron Bherritt, it was stated, then left, fearful of being recognised, and superintendent Hare covered the men with his rifle. The part having refer ence to this incident read thns:— "Once, twice, a dozen times he raised his rifle and took aim, but tho unsteady fliokering of the small fire, and the uneasy movements of the bushrangers, marred the certainty of the shot. ... Ho determined to wait for the dawn ... when the birds had flown. On examining the spot, it was found that a meal was in course of preparation, for tho billy was still boiling on the fire. And thus passed the greatest and only ohanoe, until the grand finale, of settling the Kellys." j appears that super intendent Hare and deteotive Ward (not trooper PhijlipB) were in the ranges, as stated, but it is not true that they saw the outlaws, or that they viBited the scene of the fire in the morning. The fire they anw was some two or three miles distant in the direotion of the diggings, a deep ravine separating the party from it, and oiroumstances afterwards determined the outlaws oould not have been anywhere in the vioinity. Aaron Sherritt was with the superintendent and the deteotive, but did not leave them, nor did they wait till morn- > ing, but made for Mrs. Byrne's house, whither 'they were proceeding "upon information re ceived." The absurdity of the statement about superintendent Hare fearing to fire iB patent when it is remembered that Hare is a dead shot at abort range. The whole story is based upon fiction, intermingled with the slightest modioum of foot, and is only one of many misrepresenta tions, incidental to the record of all sensational events. v Edward Kelly stands remanded until next Monday, being still unable to appear. "Ned Kelly haB so far reooverad bb to be able to hobble about. He does not appear to seriously realise the gravity of his position, and even thinks thore is a chance of an aoquittal. Last Monday was a very heavy day at the Central Police Court, Sydney, there being on the sheets over 150 charges, more than Bixty of them being for drunkenness. A company has been successfully floated at Queanbeyan to again work Mao's Reef, in which many competent miners have still a firm belief, notwithstanding past failures. Mr. George Higinbotbam has aooepted tho position of Judge of tho Supreme Court, Mel bourne, and was sworn in last Monday. Great -Efttisfaotion is ielt at the appointment, Mrs. 'Austin, widow of the late Thomas Austin, is the -donor of the £6000 towards the Melbourne hospital for inourables, and she now intends to -build the institution at her own expense. The Viotorian banks have reduced the rate of interest on deposits for six end twelve months to 4 and 5 per cent. The minimum rate of dis count remains at 7 per cent, for three months. Sin Lee Young, the Chinaman who was struck by Michael M'Namara, died on Sunday night at his residence, Grahamstown, Dear Adelong. M'Namara has been committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter. The marriage is announced, at Wiloannia, recently, of Mr. Edward BnlwerLytton Diokens, a son of Charles Dickens, the celebrated writer, and Miss Desailly, daughter of Alfred Desailly, Esq., ofNetallie station. A refrigerating maohine for land use arrived per Garonne for the Australian Company. It will be ereoted at the Melbourne Meat Pre serving Company's works, where slaughtering will be done for the present. Sir Chas. M'Mahon, Mr. Murray Smith, and the Hon. James M'Bain are appointed a board to distribute the police fund in connection with the Kellys. Police reports have boen furnished to the Victorian Government by the officers con cerned in tho oapture, The slaughtering company at Orange are selling meat as follows Beef, fore-quarter, d. ; hind quarter Id. ; mutton, ljd. per lb., by the oaroase, delivery taken at the works. A butohor in Orange advertises to deliver at any part of tho town at the same prioes. A writ for £5000 damages was served last Wednesday on the proprietors of the Melbourne Age and Leader, by Swallow and Ariel, of Sand- ridge, for alleged libel, in saying that they in timidated thoir oroployes on the occasion of tbi recent election. Lord Granville, Socretary of State for Foreign Affairs, instructed Mr, Goschen to abstain from menace, but not to fail to make the. Saltan understand that prosent absence from menace doos not imply any want of earnestness or de termination as to tho conrBo of policy which Englaud desires to see pursued. There woro groat rojoicings at Venice on the 13th June, on the departne of the transport Europe, with 2780 cases of goods for the Mel bourne Exhibition. More than 1000 exhibitors sent contributions, 120 from Rome alone. All branches of Italian art and manufactures will be represented. The Italian Government has pro vided the ship. The Now Zealand Assembly has passed a bill to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act in regard to the Maori prisoners till the end of next session, and also giving the Governor power to release native prisoners without trial. Last Monday seven more natives were arrested on Waimats Plains for fencing across tho constabulary roads. About 100 natives of Hawke's Bay foroibly resisted the sheriff in executing a writ of eject ment. So gratified wore tho Prince and PrinCSBs of Walos with tho instruction their sons received in thoir rooont cruise in the Bacohante that it has boen dooided to again utilise this corvette on a similar service, and as soon as bef- dofeots havo been mado good she will proceed on a cruise to Australiu and Ohlda, with Prince Goorgo of Walos on board. It is believed that ho will not this timo be accompanied by his brother, Prince Albert Victor. It has boon considered neoessary to send the following by cablo from America to London, and from thence by cnblo to New South Wales :— His Roynl Highness, Prinoo Leopold, who rocontly proceeded to Canada on a visit to the Marquis and Mnrchionoss of Lome, met with a painful accident at a fishing excursion in North Amoricn. Tho Prince's onkle was sprained! II Does I1.R.1I. sufl'or from tootnache or over " bite his nails to tho quick ? '' Holloway's Ointmest and Pills.— Chest Pre servatives. At all seasons of the year tho rate of- mortality from diseases of the lungs is very great. Holloway's Ointment well rubbed upon the chest, aided by his Pills, arrests all misohief. Theso cleansing medico ments exeroise the most salutary and restorative influenoe over the entire contents of tho peotoral cavity. Air-tnbes, nerves, bloodvessels, and all other tissues feel their wholosoraoly potent power, more par ticularly in their thoroughly purifying both venous and arterial blood, by promoting the free circulation of air through the lungs. Neither Ointment nor Pills contain any noxious ingredient whatever, but their balsamic nature nourishes rather than irritates the system, and kindly subdues untoward symptoms till all is woll once more. The Switzer's Solace.— Most of oar readers have no doubt heard of the " Dew of the Alps," the famoas|Swiss cordial, whioh for over foarhun- dred years has been the standard national tonio of the Helvetian Onnfederaoy. It is not a "Oatholioon," a "Panacea," or infallible remedy for every ill that flesh is heir to; but it is indubitably a speoifio for debility, an antidote to the effeots of miasms, a sure protection against the devitalizing influence of heat and exposure, a cure for hypoohondria, and an admirable BBsimilant. As an appetizer and a means of relieving indigestion, and promoting the health of body and mind, it has no equal among modern medicines, while as a liqueur it is not excelled in flavour by the finest Noyeau or Marasoheno. Messrs, M. Moss and Co., are now supplying Australia with the Dew, and they are the only recognised agents of the Geneva manufacturers. BfiJ" £L Free Gifts! — The Proprietors of Wolfe's Arornatie Schiedam Sohnapps, to induot the deatruction and prevent the improper use of their wrappers and labels, and thus further proteoe the publio against fraud and deoeptioD, have inclosed in the wrappers, or under the labels of the quart bottles, sinoo 1st October, 1878, and con tinue to inolose in every day'spaoking throughout the year, THREE £1 ORDERS, whioh are drawn upon the undersigned, and whioh will be oashed by them on presentation. To seouro these gifts, the public must be careful to aBk for, and aocept nothing but the genuine Udolpho Wolfe's SohnappB, with our name on the top label. M. Mobs and Co., Wynyard Lane, Sydney. 