A CHRISTMAS PARTY ONE HUN- DBED YEARS AGO, AND WHAT CAME OF IT. Chapter ij THE rnrnTRTWAR PARTY. I live in an old dilapidated, noose as'd I am alone, . Alone — yes ! for all my relations are dead. Distant connections they are who will take this Dlace after me : about them I have little concern. People say, "Having small means, why not move into a smaller boose 5" I answer, Never ! There will be but one remove for me : for in this year of grace, 1860, 1 am old and alone. Besides, to leave the old house would be to lose my identity. Its large,- low rooms, its great well- staircase, its out-of-date fireplaces, have been my familiars from girlhood. Leave these, and memory wonld lose its prompter ; interest in life — the only life I know, at least — would pease. "All houses where men have lived and died are haunted houses." That is true enough ; the marvel is to me that in these days, when every manor house has been ransacked by gone mystery and murder, no one has raked up and ehaken out the mystery "and murder (presumably) which was discovered in this very honse, and caused such a stir throughout East Kent, when my mother was widowed, some seventy years ago. Not that it happened then. Oh, no — years before ; but the last day iu the old year always reminds me of it ; for it was on December 31st, 1779, that the merry party assembled, which led to such dire results. Assembled in this sqnare, low room where I am sitting all alone ; where four massive beams meet overhead, and the frieze bordering the. dark oaken panel runs into all kinds of fancies ; where birds of wonderful plumage wrought iu stone are sitting on golden boughs in the fireplace, and in the centre is a prancing horse, the noted badge of the men of Kent. Shall I describe the house more particularly S An- old, forgotten house, bnilt in narfc nf materials of & much older house, once standing a quarter of a mile to' the south. It has been altered repeatedly. The long roof pierced by gables, fresh windows inserted ; and the twisted chimneys are gone ; but the rooms, the dear old rooms, remain where all around has -changed. You can see it as you pass along the South - Eastern Railway below Ashford, just as the line takes a dip as it skirts the garden wall ; and the old house buries its face as if it scorns to look upon such a modern enormity as a railroad. Not, indeed, on the iron horse came the guests to that Christmas party eighty years ago. Squire Darrel, from Chart, rode with hie cousin on a pillion behind. Mr. Finch, Mr Radcliffe Mr. Toke, and Edward Dering were accompanied by ladies similarly mounted j Edward Knatchbnll brought Matthew Breton and Thomas Knight in a great yellow chariot whilst Mr. and Mrs. Norwood, Dr. Whitfield, and yonng Elwick walked from the neighbouring town. In the honse, in addition to my mother, there were staying two middle- aged ladies, the Misses Tappenden ; Ellen S — , lieutenant B — , and a youth named Tracy, supposed to be a cadet of a noble family of Dish extraction. Yet little was known about him. The master of the house, who sometimes went to survey some property (as he said) on the coast, had recently returned with him. Yes ! with Tracy, whose presence had such baneful influence over one young life, and whoBe mysterious death had been rehearsed by wakeful winds about this lonely honse for many years. "Murder!" they still hoarsely shout overhead amid tie-beam and rafter ; " Mystery !" they softly whisper in this dark room where I am sitting. It is an idle fancy ; bnt guided by my mother's description so often repeated, I can place chairs where each person sat ronnd the flaming hearth eighty years ago. To me their shadows still come and go in the twilight, and the boards creak and start as if the feet which have long walked into family vaults were yet careering round the spacious room. Warm was the welcome which all received on that eventful day. Since the cruel winter four years before, when Hogben the borsholder was found frozen stiff and stark in the adjoining "eighteen acres," the owner of this house has taken every precaution to keep oat the bitter colcl Strips of carpet, sandbags and list concealed every crevice ; great logs from Bokanger horned in the'hall, day and night ; and yet the honse even then was cold. To me it seems colder every year. I need hardly say that the ladies were "dressed all in their best ;" one or two in sacquea, and others in the large bell hoops just coming into fashion, with head dresses of a corresponding size. Indeed, so ample were the dimensions .of the ladies . compared with the tight- fitting clothes of the gentlemen, that old John Shorter, of By brook, declared, when he joined the circle, that they all looked like turnips and carrots. , ; Dinner was served at four o'clock. Heavy and substantial as the host him- Belf, the only rarity being the red-legged partridge : other game, with the meet and poultry, came from the estate - and the ponderous plum pudding, girt about with quivering sprays, formed of split quills and pendent almonds, had been boiling all the previous night. i My mother, who -was seventeen, had only recently left school, and the feeling of liberty, and some ; deeper, feeling besides, caused her to look- back upon this as the dinner par.. esaxUenoe. altogether delightful It was no secret. She. was already engaged to the eldest ' son of 'her host, then,' I am told, a youth whose genial good nature and comeliness fairly atoned j for lack of brigbness of parts : ; in fact, my father was somewhat of a dance. There waa another engaged couple — I pale Ellen S— , .with the violet eyes, my mother's young cousin, fragile as a flower, a mere child, in appearance, but even then impulsive and determined to a degree which showed where the shadow might felL Poor Ellen ! she was the last of a family all grandly interred in their chantry ; at Brabourne ; but the land, like the line has dwindled; to six fleet of earth. Her lover, Lteo- enant B — , was a tall, Btalwart fellow - had already seen active service, and was in a fair way to promotion. A» # nw of the world, he was more than a match for the apparently guileless girl, playing upon her credulity, probing her intellect, and half amused with her sallies. But he little knew her ; and perhaps she dared not ask her heart if she really cared for the man who had flattered her by an assurance of his untiring love. Many were the jokes which circulated, with the wine, about the yonng people. They were toasted and pledged, in all kinds of ways; and although some of the remarks would rather shock the present Mrs. Grundy, they were then received with hilarity by all ; for people were easily amused, and broad humour prevailed, some eighty years ago. And then the dancing in the withdrawing room overhead! Even now the tiny hooks remain which Upheld the green garlands and festoons of bright ribands. Vane; the violinist from Ashford, conld play only accompaniments suited to such antiquated dances as " Cuckolds all Awry," "Money Musk," "Mother Casey," "Off she goes," and " Drops of Brandy ;" and a strange mischance, causing much langhter, befel stout Mis. Radcliffe, whose heated soles stuck to the waxed floor so pertinaciously, that she was obliged to leave them behind for the remainder of the dance. For those who did not dance, card- tables were placed in the business-room downstairs, for whist, quinze, piquet, and macao ; but the master of the house properly insisted thateverybody, including the servants, ehoold Btaud up in the large hall for " Sir Roger de Coverley." It was then, when Ellen S — and Tracy were partners, that my mother observed the shadow which soon fell so darkly on her young life. .... She described j Tracy afterwards often and minutely. His presence was deeply impressed on her memory. The etrange reticence about his birth and connections excited her curiosity, whilst the startling manner of his subsequent disappearance haunted her. He was, and is, one of the phantoms peopling this deserted house. How well she noted his appearance that evening! He was indeed fair to look upon : a youth of slight bnild, >in «nJA« miild In lieierhfr Knt somehow one forgot his small etature in gazing upon a smooth face Gt for the canvas of a Lely. The well-curved mouth, the nose slightly aquiline, the eyebrows boldly arched and meeting, and the eyes, thoBe "windows of the son," set like tiie stars in heaven's own azure ; that wavy four, drawn stiffly back from the forehead, in the ungainly fashion of the time, and formed into a knotted club behind, but which my mother declared had once been seen for a moment foiling in massive folds over bis shoulders. Ah, me 1 that such more than earthly beauty has visited this now lone and deserted house ! I said that Ellen S — and Tracy were partners, and right merrily went the dance ; and as "Sir Roger" demands constant activity and attention, no one bnt my mother observed the very close intimacy which has suddenly developed .between theBe two. Elderly people soon tired, others foil out of the ranks ; yet Tracy clung to his vis-a-vis ; and she, perhaps from a spirit of bravado, swept up and down the long hall, until the head refused to govern the feet, and Tracy bore her fainting to a bench. Dr. Whitfield was in the card-room — a mild - mannered gentleman of portly presence, with a voice like the rustle of a curtain. " Merely what we call hysteria," whis pered he. " Humbug," rejoined the host, who did not understood the term, and who was really concerned. "John Toke, crack her knuckleB, and pass a spill before her nose ; now, the brandy. There, I never knew that foil with the ladies," as the patient sighed and shivered. As my mother bent down with a scent bottle, Ellen clasped her convulsively, add murmured, "Oh, Tracy — Tracy !" " Hush," interposed my mother looking up, devoutly hoping that no one else heard the exclamation. . Alas! the person least to be desired, lieutenant B— , was peering oyer her shoulder, with all flUAiuuO uuuiireu tvua au a muuicut his brow furrowed, the thin lips were compressed, and his voice broke from him like the slash of a thunder cloud : "She is coming to herself;" and he tamed coldly away. The general company knew nothing of this. They saw only a giddy girl overcame with exertion ; afterwards laughing and talking, and blaming her own folly ; and all were shortly interested in observing a custom which had never been omitted since the huge timbers of the honse had been welded together. The curiously-carved clock on the first landing of the stairs had given in halting undertone the honr of eleven, when the guests ranged themselves in the hall in a semi- circle, some on settles, some on settles, some in fiddle- backed chairs, round the blazing fire. Moiled wine was served freely and con versation became animated. It was then that Betsy Tappenden, who had been peering outside at some Kingsnorth ringers, came in with her foce'as white as ; her kerchief ' vowing that she had seen a ghost There was a rush to the -back door ; bnt. nothing there was to be seen In the glimmering moonlight Returning to their warm places, the conversation turned natnrally upon ghosts. Mr. Elwick had just heard in Bath, where it wes the talk of the town, of a well-known nobleman who had died suddenly ; and whose ghost had appeared to a banker at the exact moment of his lordship's decease. The banker had taken a Bible oath of its truth. Mr. Whitfield remembered being called to stanch the wounds of a foot-pad, who declared before death he had helped to waylay and murder "as fine a feller as ever carried flint," at the entrance to Ashford. "And, what is curious," added the doctor, "though no body has been found, the occupants of a solitary form- house called Barrow Hill, at the west endjigave -frequently Been,, so they say, a fine military man standing in the high road/who always disappears as they near Mm " lieutenant B — , -stationed in London the previous' May, also astonished bis hearers by a thrilling account of how he had seen thirteen convicts executed together at Tyburn, the eldest of whom, scarcely of age; had threatened to haunt rlia iiRwginiii daring his mortal life and after. r At this point the host started up, and reminding the company that it was dm? upon twelw, all «w, and, jwun hands, formed a circle in the centra of the hall Motionless they stood, and silent, like the shadows they shortly became, as old Father Time gave an awful bound over the threshold. The firelight faltered and fell, the lamps seemed to grow dim, their foces whitened as Bpectres ; yet so still were they that the measured beat of the near hand pendulum seemed sb the muffled knock of the new year waiting at the door ; and it was a relief when the clock began drudgingly to gasp out the remaining moments, and the old year was dead. Then everybody's tongue was loosed like their hands ; cheers, congratulations, and good wishes prevailed. One more custom followed. Who should let the old year out and the new year in. Bnt beware : — ' For be who opeDB first the door To let tbe new year treed the floor, Shall see miafortaoe at tbe fore. While be who bids the old year paok From open casement at the back. Of future years shall have no lack." " It was all nonsense, merely a fond dame's distich," cried out Mr. Toke, turning the well-worn key, as the company pressed round the door. Tracy was abont to pnll it open. Miss S — stept forward to lay her hand upon his shoulder. It was too late. " Who cares," shouted Tracy, swinging back the sturdy oak panels. Ellen shivered : it may have been from the east wind which came fiercely in ; but her face was white, and my mother fancied some secret fear possessed her. Was she right ? Out in the open air for a moment, with the young fire waving like plumes on either side, and tbe keen stars piercing their flakes of cloud, the large party stood listening. The bells of Aldington, Mersham, Sevington and Willesborough were ringing joyously on the last night of December eighty years ago. Chapter IL THE MYSTERY. The Christmas hospitality continued over Twelfth night ; therefore the party, staying in the house, was not diminished for some davB, during several of which nothing of importance occurred. The gentlemen, save Tracy, seemed well amused during daylight with horse and gun ; indeed, there was a capital covert for snipe where the Ashford station now stands; and I believe a special source of attraction (now properly condemned) was to be found at a lonely farm-house at Quarrington, where yonng Nat Bull had provided a cock-pit. Whilst my grandmother rigidly atten ded to domestic duties, the ladies were sometimes busy with stiff embroidery, my mother attempting to copy an Italian design sent by Horace Mann to Linton ; but much of their morning was taken up in arranging the heavy mass of hair, pasteboard, and pomatum, which fashion prescribed for the head. Ellen S — was often abseut, but not often alone : my mother, already old in thought, observed with much couceru, a startling change in her conduct towards Tracy. Upon their first introduction, the yonng gentleman had treated Ellen somewhat cavalierly. Disposed to think perhaps, like many others, that a singularly handsome person made up for want of attention or address, he had barely noticed the cordial greeting of this delicate girl.' Somewhat piqued by his nonchalance, she had gone out of her way to show in what light estimation she held him. A toss of the head, a sarcastic smile, an affected air of abstraction, a hundred little points were devised, intended to pierce his self- complacency. My mother even rebuked her once for downright rudeness. Not that Tracy cared for the rudeness. He noticed nothing. There I fear lay the sting. Ellen showed her vexation to my mother. " Was ever a man so silly, so vain, so odd ! Such a selfish fellow, too — no feeling !" " If," cried ray mother laughing at this tirade, you care so little for him, I wonder you talk so much about him." Whether Ellen saw that my mother divined the truth, that she was learning ui IUVO auu nmuu out. woo unwilling to confess even to herself one can only surmise, but no further suspicion was aronsed until the faintiug scene above described. After that eve ning, indications were not wanting to the observant, which showed pretty plainly how matters were tending. To Lieutenant B — Ellen submitted in company, listening to his opinions with a deference unnsnal to those who knew her : still the presence of Tracy seemed to exercise a fascination which she could hardly conceal. He was the magnet. His every movement and gesture she silently noted ; his words made her absent to all else. To him she turned those violet eyes almost pleadingly when he One day hinted at an early departure on the morrow. When he cnt his finger, a mere scratch, in -tracing with a diamond "memoria in mterna." on the -window pane, hers was the hankerchief which bound the wonnd ; a handkerchief preserved ever afterwards. Hitherto her intended husband had apparently regarded Tracy as a " beard- lees boy," too young and distrait to be thought of as a rival : bnt now the Lieutenants spirit was moved, and notwithstanding outward calm, my mother felt certain that some denouement was near. On January 6th, 1780, a dull day with a leaden sky, and showers, half eleet, half rain from the south, the gentlemen had amused themselves with the royal game of goose, and the ladies in looking over "The Morning Chronicle, and in laughing at tbe vagaries of Jqanna Southcott, At noon the clouds lifted, and' several started for a walk. Tracy went to Ponsy'e in Ashford, abont a saddle, and was deputed to ask several friends for the evening. Miss Martha Tappenden and my mother took a Christmas-box to Sally Chittenden, an old servant, living on tbe Lea, catling at Jenner'e, near the church, on their -return. In crossing the churchyard, they paused to read a remarkable inscription. Hearing voices in the porch (said my mother) my impulse was to move on quickly, not so with MisB Martha. With true feminine curiosity, she stayed to listen. The voices were those of Lieutenant' B — and Ellen S — , and the latter was pleading piteoosly. " Oh, release me, I beg of you ! What is tbe use, when I really cannot love you?"- " EUen, yon loved me bat a short while zrape/' "I scarcely know. And when you asked me last July, I was so yonng ; and your mother pressed me sorely." " You have Baid that you loved me well. You are so soon changed !" " Changed ? Well, I am changed. Oh, what am I saying? Do release me from this engagement" " Release you ! Yes : when the wind- iug sheet wraps me round like this chilly snow. I have right to know what this means. Do you love any other man ?" There was a pause. " If I thought that you dropped me — me, indeed ; — for that mincing jackanapes at the Hall, I wonld take care that — " At this moment my mother began to cry ; aud, fearing discovery, Miss Martha Tappenden retired, doubtless reluctantly. It was thought she repeated the conversa tion to Tracy. During dinner and after wards Tracy was unusually lively ; in fact, quiet the life of the party. Exert ing his powers of conversation, he sur prised all by a fund of anecdote and of foreign reminisoence, delivered without the admixture of those profane words, then common in society. Never had Tracy seemed so engaging. With sparkling eye, and fair cheek flashed with passing excitement, the voice musical and winning in its gentleness, and tbe proud lip curved half in disdain, he spoke. Little marvel, saidmy mother, that we weak women should admire him as if he were more than mortal, or that he should cross the dark horizon of Ellen S — as an angel of light. Once only did he speak directly to Ellen ; it was in the drawing-room. She had left the spinet, and Edward Norwood was about to play on the violin, when Tracy advanced to her. " Here is the handkerchief yon lent me, Miss S — . I thank you." It was neatly folded, and my mother, sitting by, observed something like the crnmpling of Btiff paper as Ellen hastily put it in her bag. What that was will be seen afterwards. Just before supper another visitor arrived ; Doctor Haffen- den from Ashford, he hav ng been called to a patient near. Whilst pleased to see him. mv srandfather was sreatlv ner- plexed. There would he thirteen at the supper table, and he had a pious horror of sitting down .with that number. " Not that I am in the' least super stitious," he thought well to say : " but upon the last three occasions when thir teen have been present, I have remarked that one of the party did die during the year." " What's to be done ?" exclaimed his wife, in consternation " Shall we have Tom Drayaer in or, perhaps, you had better sit out; Tracy." " Che sara, sari," mattered - Tracy, taking a seat at a side table. " If I were to jump into the saddle now, instead of six hours hence, I should best solve the difficulty " — and his brow darkened. Feeling sorry for his vexation, shortly afterwards when people were busy eating and talking, my grandmother's kind heart prompted her quietly to make room for him. One person, at least, noticed the ominous addition, Ellen S — ; and her face wore a wild, despairing look as Tracy calmly completed the fatal number, thirteen. That was an eventful night to my mother ; the particulars I give in her own words : " My bedroom had been changed, and, alone, I occupied one recently divided over the hall. I could not sleep : recent incidents tormented my brain. The agitation of Ellen on the old year's night — that colloquy in the church porch — the demeauunr of Lieutenant B — , and the strange power exercised over her by Tracy — all seemed to point to coming harm. An undefined dread kept me awake ; so still was I that my heart throbbed with painfnl distinctness. A tiny mouse, in its efforts to scale the water jug, seemed like a burglar tamper ing with the lock of the door ; fancy, too, was at work. Yet surely more than fancy was the sound of subdued voices below the window, and the crushing of gravel from a horse's hoofs. Then all was quiet again ; and, creeping ont of bed, I timidly drew the curtain. The moon was just rising, and the house lay in such deep shadow that I could discern nothing. Returning to bed, a sharp blow on the nose from the bed-post caused me severe pain and increased my wakefulness. Sleep I could not. ' It might have been two hours after, when sleep was just quelling active thought, that I started violently. A shot was fired ; whether overhead, or beneath the window I could scarcely tell ; but eo loud and hear seemed 'the report that I expected the whole household to be roused in a moment Rising in bed I listened, oh, how intently, for the tread of burying feet, for voioes in amazement But no. I could only hear the tick of the pendulum on the stairs ; and presently the clock struck with alarming emphasis. — one — two — three! Surely somebody hears, somebody will awaken ! or, are all paralysed by fear ? Tracy should start at this hour : where was he ? Not a sound, not a word anywhere. I must have been mistaken in that shot Ex citement, perchance, was weaving fiercer fancies in the brain. I lay down chilled with fear. Overhead the tiny mouse was pattering on the tester like drops of rain. At length, I fell asleep. " The son was shinning frill in my window when I awoke. At first I was inclined to accept as reality the myster ious noises of the night. Ah ! would that I had acted on this belief? .But iD the broad day-light such terror and sus picion looked . absurd ; and the idea of raising the laugh against myself by mdntinnintr n. d i afn rVtan f>a nrlilflli nnlvtrlir else heard kept me quiet.' Yet — what blood was that on the pillow? a circular stain the size of a spade gninea. Oh ! I guessed at once ; my nose must have bled a little from its blow on the bed-post. Ah ! thought I, upon descending the great well staircase to the breakfast-table, how easily things are explained 1 And I suppose there conld have been no shot, after all ! "Tracy waa not present. He had gone away, earlier than was expected (someone remarked) takiDg his favourite horse. " Lieutenant B — was qnite facetious, and apparently on affectionate terms with EUen. The guests were ali leaving that day." Chapter I i I. THE DISCOVERY. Nine years passed with their solemn succession of birth, bridal, and bnrial ; and many who joyfully celebrated the advent of 1 7S9 were now no more. The household at the old Hall had sadly changed. My grandfather was dead. His only eon and child, who had married my mother, had also recently died in his prime, after being crippled for many months from a fall from the new Dover coach. Thus, the only inmates of the Hall were my grandmother and my mother, both widows, and myself, a child of five. Lieutenant, now Captain B — , had greatly distinguished himself in the Gordon Riots of 1781. He had then married Ellen S — , and lived much abroad. Rarely did they write ; and the letters were not cheerfnL The wife bemoaned her husband's harsh and exacting temper ; the husband spoke of his wife's wayward disposition, and even hinted at hallucinations. As to the supremely handsome Tracy, nothing had been heard of him since leaving the Hall : which was most strange. My grandfather was anxioua, and once traced him by description to Abbeville ; and Captain B — asserted that he had seen him at Ranelagh ; but nothing could clearly be ascertained. It was now that my grandmother saw among the first obituary notices in " The Times " that relating to her very old friend Mrs. Delauy ; and she hastened to Windsor(no slight undertaking in those days), intending afterwards to pay a series of visits in London, leaving my mother and myself alone in this deserted house. My mother was naturaUy of a nervous temperament ; and, as the depressing gloom of winter deepened (a winter long remembered in Kent as equalling in severity that of 1767, when the snow lay five feet deep aU round for many weeks), she began to take a morbid interest in the straDge sounds which after sunset seem ever, from some unexplained cause, to wander about these old rooms. The springing of a board made her start ; the veering of the rusty vane caused a chill, as if some one were walking over her grave ; and when one of the heavy doors was jarred open by the draught, she dared not raise her eyes lest they should rest upon some weird visitor. The long hall and passage separated her from the servants ; so that her fears were magnified bv isolation. And vet. it was not fear, she said, bnt a feeling uf awe which possessed her, as if there were something to be revealed, and which Bbe could not shake off What was to follow, it were best to relate in her words : "I was sitting in this very chair on Monday evening the 22nd of December, tracing old faces in the firelight, recalling the pleasant days of long ago, and expect ing tbe return of yonr dear grandmother every moment. Suddenly there arose a wailing and a sobbing, as of a femala in distress, sometimes distant; then close under the window. Calling theservante, I hurried ont A muffled form was standing there, which I thought to be your grandmother, who might have walked from the London mail at Street End. " ' Come at last !' I exclaimed, leading her to the fire. " ' Yes 1' was the mournful response, 'come at last.' I let fall the hand, deeply moved, for the tones were strange, yet familiar. Another moment and I recognised the face of my cousin, Ellen S — , that is Mrs. B — . Yetwhat a change I Always delicate and fragile, she looked worn to a shadow ; the thin lips scarcely covering the set teeth. Those eyes of violet hue, still beautiful, were bathed in tears. I scarcely knew what to say. '"How cold you are, Ellen / kissing her. « ' Very cold. I have been ronnd and round this honse ever so long. He beckoned me on and on, even here ; and now he is hiding from me ! But I saw him at the pond ; and I saw him enter the open door behind you ten minutes ago. Where is he ?' " Where — who ?' said I in amaze ment 'Your husband f " ' No ! he is dead, my hueband. I mean Tracy — Tracy.' " I at once guessed the truth. Rooted in the depth of her being was her love for Tracy. It had gathered strength with years. Other love might have grazed the surface, this had pierced the heart and mastered the mind, causing every nerve to tremble at his name, and the mind had proved unequal to the strain of thisoneall dominautaud exciting thought I sought to soothe her. " 'You are tired, my dear EUen, and must want food. . What shall it be — a little capon with a glass of wine, or a dish of foreign tea ? Here it aU is : I had it ready for some one else.' " ' Then you expected him 1 I knew I was right !' " ' Expected Mr. Traoy 1 Heart alive, no ! Nobody cares to come to me.' " ' Nobody cares to come to me/ she repeated dejectedly : ' but I wiU go to him. I must find him. Yes, it ia his will, his command. See here !' unfolding a scrap of paper nearly asunder. ' He wrote that, and he gave it to me on that last night .when he hid himself in this honse. You know ?' " I remember that night only too well, as I took the paper. " ' My Darling, — It is not too late. My love is as fire compared with his icy heart. I see yon feel it. Accept it now, if not; it shall follow you as an angel. But when misery comes its force will be felt as anguish, and you will, yon must tarn to one who by right of preference can claim yon.' " It was nseless to reason, and I busied myself in pressing food upon EUen and comforting her. What she meant abont Tracy doming into the house I could not imagine, w e got xier no lieu. : .inereaue remained during many weeks, even until the anemone and bine beU were thick in D.l. L-/.. HtnnJ anrl f>n mnVa flntfaroi) round their nests in the adjoining elms. Still possessed by Tracy's image ; stiU haunted by the consciousness that he was somewhere near, she used to sit, gentle and tractable as a child, in- the large warm window in the drawing-room look ing towards Collier's Hill. Usually con sidered harmless, there were occasions when her spirit was moved with restless energy, and she wandered wildly about in search of Mm whose name was ever on her lips. The anniversary of her meeting with Tracy was one of these occasions. As itcame round, poor Ellen's restlessness increased. Too well I remember (continues my mother) that eventfol Wednesday, December 22nd, 1790, when she was seized with a desire to be dressed in a costume like that which she wore eleven years before. To pacify her we mounted into the huge lumber-room . which extends the whole length of the roof, where on some loose planks were placed two chests of disused clothing. Having made our selection we descended, lingering behind with strange persistency. As the evening approached, she, who was always influenced by atmospheric disturbance, was greatly agitated by one of the most terrific thunderstorms that ever swept over this part of Kent. Old men stiU dwell upon this calamitous tempest at so unusual a time ; and, there were not wanting those who saw in the lurid sky a reflection of the blood-red hand which was then fiercely guided the destinies of France. Two chnrchs were struck in Romney Marsh ; a flock of sheep kiUed in the Falcon field ; and the wheat Btacks fired at Highgate Farm. There was a lull about eleven o'clock ; and, giving Ellen in charge of Lucy Lacton, you were taken to your grandmother's room and I went to bed also, bnt not to sleep. It was the same bed in the same position, and I could not help recalling my former terror jnst eleven years before. Presently the storm returned, with heavy rain and hail. The lightning quivered flu: brighter thau my lamp, and the crackling thunder awoke the slumbering echoes in these silent rooms. It seemed too, as if all the winds had met overhead, and were delivering the story of their passage over the earth. There was a Bound of low moaning wafted from the breath of the dying; and a gentle symphony stolen from infant lips ; and, at times a fierce frenzy borne iu haste from a madman's cell, which shook the timbers of the roof and made the old house reel again ; and, mingling with these, was a voice more human than all, piercing the thick walls with its entreaty for help Ellen had escaped from her slumbering companion ! Rising in haBte, I followed the affrighted servants up the wide staircase info the vast lumber room. The lightning glimmered in the crevices of the tilee, the heavy rain hissed in our ears ; and, looking forwards I saw a sight which was traced on my brain for ever in characters of fire. "There stood Ellen, frilly dressed as of old, with a flaring wick by her side. She had moved the heavy chests and thrown aside the loose planks ; and with a wild look of trinmDh in those violet eyes she stood statue-like, pointing down wards. We shrieked with diBmay. For there, at her feet — pressed and flattened between tbe rongh joists lay the skeleton of a maD. The garments were scanty, bnt looking at that still luxuriant hair fallen in matted folds at the back, it needed not the flowered vest of silk, or the tarnished buckles of a design unique, to identify him whom we knew so well. " ' There ! there P cried ElleD, stamp ing her foot, ' I knew I was right ; he was Mding from me here. For months I have called to him, and he has answered feebly and more feebly; and I have groped by daylight and by dark to find him. Tracy, why are you here ?' " Too intent upon the startling object, to notice her words, at my request George Knowles gently raised the head. Some thing fell with a metallic rinir on the plaster beneath. It was a ballet. Ellen seized it, and wandered hastily to a door in the outer wall (oBed for the hoisting of corn and wool), wMch the hurricane had blown open. Apprehensive of danger, I walked warily along the beams which formed the floor, to the spot, carrying a lamp. Alas I I was not in time. She stood on the door-sill, turning her treasure to what she supposed was the light At that moment a vivid flash of forked lightning showed her what it was. Dazedby the blinding flash, she staggered ; and, oh, horror of horrors, stept forward into vacancy ! " Kind doctor Whitfield came In haste ; but that fell of twenty feet had rendered surgical skill useless. There Bhe lay in the darkened hall, more beautiful in death than in life : and even his professional placidity was disturbed, when upstairs he examined the remains of the handsome Tracy. " It was not the sight of a former acquaintance ; it was not the cause of death that surprised him. ' The remains,' said he, 'my near madam, are those of a woman.'" My mother adds Now I can eee, if not explain, it alL The voices on that eventfol night, eleven years ago, were a reality ; but whose were they ? The distant sound of hoofs was Tracy's favourite horse being allured away. " After that, doubtless, Lieutenant B — sought Tracy in that lonely bedroom ; merely a dark recess within tbe west gable, only nsed when the house was full ; and challenged him. Tracy would huny on a few clothes, and the encounter took place in the adjoining chamber ; or, rather in that vast space under the roof which I have described. Possibly they fired simultaneously, as I heard but one report ; and that blood on my pillow was not mine, but the life blood of Tracy as he fell with a ballet through the brain ; the life blood oozing through the ceiling just below where he was ; pattering on the tester as tiie feet of a tiny mouse, and falling drop by drop almost on my face. Or — was it not a duel ?" They were buried in the churchyard of an adjoining parish at the South East angle of a chantry chapel One coffin contained both. The turf has grown over the flat stone ; although the text on it, long apparent, excited the interest of the stranger : " We see throngh a glass darkly." The very act of transcribing these remarkable incidents has silvered the dull routine of daily life. The past is before me. Bright remembrances, like Decem ber meteors, sweep across the dark hori zon. I forget that I am old and alone. 