SATURDAY, JANUARY 3, 1880. THE OLD YEAR AND THE NEW. The departed year will have found very few mourners among the people of this colony. Its demise will have beenregarded rather with a feeling of satisfaction by all who an interest in politics ; and the more so because there is good reason to believe that the bell which knolled its death also recorded the decease of that ugly and abnormal phenomenon of our public life, known as Berryism. Two years and a half ago, its sudden growth re sembled that of JONAH'S gourd; and it has withered with similar rapidity. Its de struction has not been the work of outside agencies, but of internal corruption> and it is well that it should be so. One of our poets has told us that » Vice is a monster of so frightful mienA As, to be hated, needs but to be seen. \ And it is a fortunate circumstance, per* haps, that the people of this colony have had such ample opportunities of seeing Berryism under every one of its most re pulsive aspects. When it hps been once buried no one will strew flowers upon its grave as some pitying hand is said to have done on that of NESO, V v -i The month of February saw the OJnef Secretary in London with £5,QOOi»-hifl pocket, and "three servants" his suite. How he ran hither and thither; how he scattered his aitches in reckless profusion upon the carpet of Ministerial reception rooms; how he "orated '! on the hearth-rug to London pressmen, whom he first dined, and then bored ; how he studied natural history in the Westminster Aquarium ; how he telegraphed an unveracious version of the despatch entrusted to him by Sir MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH, and how he came back to tell his deluded followers that he had succeeded in repeating the tre mendous exploit of the nursery hero, who, " with twenty thousand men, " marched up the hill, and then » marched down again," are facts within the memory of all of us, and furnish, like the madcap Prince's robbery of Fal STAFF and his companions, " argument " for a week, laughter for a month, and " a good jest for ever." Never was so ; foolish, so barren, and so ridiculous an " embassy," and Sir Chabuss DUFFY is to be congratulate# on the timely astute ness which saved him from participation in so Absurd and humiliating a proceed ing. In London, Mr. Bra®* had dropped tas fir»t Jfofnrm Bill, much as the clown drops a red-hot poker in a pantomime ; and he posed himself in the attitude of a , moderate politician.. " Broken heads " and flaming houses ?" Nothiagcertdd be farther from his thoughts. He was as reactionary as hewas in 1864, whan he voted against . the Heales' Land Bill, because it was too liberal % in 1865, when h®; supported ®r"- (SbbAVES's Wat [ oi« confidence in the M'Ocllooh-ciM HieunBOXHAM Administration, - because been taipn into it; in 1872, when he Bpoke and vo}ed against 4he present Education: Act, became it proposed to maWmitra<fopn gratuitous and compulsory j and in 1679, when 'he Peered at them«*es a» " superficial and| tl i&orwif; *' . Butdii?ctly beqamo bfok he changed his tnne»nd tone. Moderation ' w«s flung /to. the /wind*. The Upper Home wis' asylum for »taie ^wdsUmfM; to t»e 'titomjK ' liWittitrF' iSf" . tfw dty.f itye ?? Assembly was to be authorised to .help itself to the public money by ft mere mq, lution of the majority,while it frastobe de prived of its deliberative and legislative functions by the transfer of its power "ty a plebiscite, the chief re6ommendatia& of which, in the eyes of its sponsors, u that it proved to be a convenient, injjttu ment in the hands of a modem usurper for consolidating the; authority he had seized by fraud, falsehood, and violence; for consigning the representatives of the French people to the dungeon; and for condoning one of the most infamous and pitiless massacres on record. But this political pot powri -was too much even for Mr. BEEEY'S submissive following to Bwallow. Bis majority melted away; and he. was only saved from defeat on his budget scheme by the tact and foresight of the Opposition, whicji refused to snatch a victory on the first item of the tariff, preferring that the Government should perish by- suicide, when it had accomplished the full measure of its follies and its misdeeds, rather than that it should be put to death before the country had had time to become thoroughly disgusted with it. l$najly, its Reform Bill, the triple-headed monster which it had fondled with the. affection which mothers invariably bestow upoh their deformed offspring, died in the arms of its parents, Sir Bryan O'LOGts LEN perversely refusing to believeth&tit; had given up, the. ghost, and theChifcf Secretary shedding crocodile's teara oVer the misshapen bantling. To complete the sum of the Ministerial calamities, and to hasten its end, the past year has witnessed the rise and growth of the Farmers' Unions, whitfh promise to become a political power in the land, and to prove a valuable counteipoise to the demagoguism hitherto traded upon by political adventurers in the large towns. And on the. last day of the old year, the manifesto of a . third party, to jbe entitled 'f the Liberal Association of Victoria," 'Wis agreed upon, and issued; one of the objects of the new organisation ^>emg the; infusion into politics of a '^Spirit " of mutual conciliation, so as tw ter " minate the present crisis andrastore " jpublic confidence;" while the reform bill it supports will be one laid down " upon the lines of the British constitu tion." \ The.new year, therefore, dajras most Hopefully. Berryism may be regarded as virtually defunct; and the . colony, j/en lightened by the painful and costlj^ex perience of 1877, 8, and 9, is abqwt to enter, we believe, upon a more pjU^eful and prosperous career. It has; paid j a heavy price for what it has leamed,&nd; although it will take a very long tune',io efface, the disastrous consequeno^s 'of the Berry blight and to bring bade the country to the position which it occupied prior to Black Wednesday, lbtysh m^y be accomplished in the way of restoration by the hearty co-operation of all classes in the work which is now Bet before them, and we trust that the joy bellp which ushered in the year 1880 will hatv^ rang out "the civic slander and the spite," and will be found to have , Bnngin the love of truth and right, , ' ,' - Bong in the common love of good. Jv la* 