SiMc^tL CHINESE MTTHS AND STOEIES. A yasr nmarlable- fact cottoernfng Chine** folk-lore is the strange similarity between Cttiooie myths and ?tori** ana those of Weauun Europe. Her* is a tale, tbe analogue of whion is found almost everywhere in Western folio tor*.'' The (Seven Sleeper* of Ephelus, the meCaral romance of Ogier Ie Daaoia, and the old Gaelic legend on wbiuh that romance is based, ot Oiriu's aojuura in the Jand of youtu, are a few of tbe many forma which rt t»k«s in tba W^et. Tbe Chiauw atory is as follows :— ?? Two fiiendi wonder amoLg tbe mountain! nulling sUnplei. At a laiiy tiriJg', tha axurd bridge, they find on guaid two mmdani at uiura ib*n orthly beauty. ' 'Come acios* the bridtfe,' cry the Widens. T*,is done, tbe Irionds are led bn huuia (hemp, tne Chinese hwheesb), tpd falling do«-ily in love with their, hucessen, epeud with them in tbe Jasper Oi\y whtt tecma the abort though bliuful period of a lei; d*y». At length they are seu«d witb a desire to visit their earthly home, and ou getting back they find that ?even geueratioos have pusied, and tboy ba-e become mon tbancenteuariane.' Tee story ie gtven in the Lieo cbaicbih yl, with the date, &.». 60 to 70, and the' names of tbe two friends] Another equally oiroamitantlal tale records low Wang Oulh. one ot tbe natriarchs of the Taontsl aeot, was one dsy gathering fira-wooa la ihe mountains of Ku Obow, wben be entered a grotts whara asm* old men were deep in a Kame of obesi. Belaid down bis' axu and waioued them ; whereupon one ol tbe old men handed tiim what locked like a duU-Mune, tebiag him to put It in hie moutb. So juotier iiad be tasted ii than he cesied to feel buoger and thirst. By-and-bye one ol Ibe players said, 'I Wo long alnoe Jon «sme bete; you should go home now.'' WangUbiu weut to lake up bit axe, and found the handle bud mouldered into dust. Undismayed, however, he went home, but found that centuiiue had pasted since he went out wood-cultiog. Ho vesiigd o( his kinsfolk had reirwiuud. The end of tbU tale ii cerwiniy ua?Bur^p^anJ for Wiinj ObiU rolruitu to a odll in the mountains, anil devoting himself to religious exeroisei, nuuliy Bttaiae immortality. bouittiinea the mieduievous fairyis almost iduutin'ed with onu or ths mnnknv tribe. Thus a ma \ with a vtTy pretty wife, travel ling ne-r Chang-Uh, was warned thtt bard by lived a shGu who was given to woman vuwLiug. lie hid his wile in an inner rooms but in the fourth watch of ti-e second night ehu was carried off. He eougut her high and low, hia tow.-Mo and punious adveuture beiuir described in The Jlutorj/ of the Whitt ~Mo»kty, by Kuug a uiug. AtUttst hu caine Co a scone door in the. lace of a mountain. Borne women, who were pitting in and out, told him hia wifa was there. 'Get us,' wtid they, 'tea dogs, two barrels of spirits, and a quantity of hempen rope, aud we will try to deliver her for you. After all tneae things hud been provided, ttto Bh«a cim» in, and dtank the spirits und wo iliu doje, and white he wu gorged and helplvsa the women bound him to the bed. They ctlled in tho husband, who found that he waa an onormoui monkey. Uu straightway lilit-d him, and set free, not hia ova wife only, but many other women wno were held in oaptlvity. Talking of monkeys, we may remark tuat tbey, no well m men, are suppose! to have gbosu. A man in Canton, named Liug, hud a yuan monkey in bis ImBily turty years. Thi- epjeire is supposed (» grow to i very large-ktia'irit fsiSlowJIIto dijnk plenty of water; and as Ling pyefnfede, small monke; , hie pet was kept on Short whiit allowanco. One. £v tho mbnkey enatobed a oupouto? ihe hand of Llng'e youngebt eon, and drained it off. The fattier gavo him a good whipping, where upon tbe monkey Bulked, refuted food, and died in a tew daye. So an after, his gh ist began to haunt tho houee i strange noises wore heard, food uDaooountably disappeared, and at last a fire broke out. Ling moved into another house, b»t the ghoBt moved too ; and at last he was com pelled to take refuga in tbe temple of tbe nve hundred worthies. Here the ghost did not dare to follow him ; and not many years ago the ttmily might be seen homed in the temple, everybody in tbe quarter knew for what reason. tiboste whom nobody own-,|splrits ot poor men who had died at street eorners. and each lito, are, not unnaturally, malevolent. Thny oauae epidemics, and have tu bo driven vS by 'firing oracktrs; or, if people prefer appeasing them, they sat out platen full of ojkes, with invitation* to 'the honourable homeless; ghost*.' The ghoBts of suicides are particularly difSonlt to be Hppeased ; their Bole aim in life (or rittber in death) seems to be to indue others to do as they have done. If you sloep in the room where anyone hanged hiuiBeK or jierstlf, you are eure to receive dnring the ' uitiht a pr'raeirig invitation tb oomail felo &iic; At Hing-obow, by tile north gate, wti a house so haunted by dembuithatlit wvs'td be bad a bargain. A soliotar named Ts'ai bought it, and sinee nous of his family would go with him, went -to deep there alone. He lighted a candle, and kept wateU. At midnight a woman came slowly ja with a red ellk' handkerchief round her oeok, saluted him, tied a rope to a beam, and pat her neck la it. T«'»i watoheil her, bat did not change a muiole. She then fastened np another rope, and invited him to' put his head in likewise. He laughed, and, lifting up bis foot, put that into Ihe noose. 'you're wrong,' end she. ''No,' be replied; 'yon were wrong yeura ago, or you'd sever have done what you did.' The cbost gave an exceeding bitter ory, bowed to Ta'al, and departed ; and from that lime the borne was no more haunted. Ti'al after? ward rose to great, distinction, a* he de served to do, pasting all his examinations, and becoming prbvinoial councillor. OhoMawe oitea introduced Into Olilnew plays, and in one Isroe the ghost turns the tables on his would-be jewrdst. The prlait comes In with big gong, robes, mitre, etc.; but the ghost catciru hold of the gong, and beats th» devil's tattoo on it, okpi the mitre' on Us* pirn linj, strip* the priest , of hia robes, and vows he'll exorobe his reverenoe. 'Oh, your Excellency,' whlmp*n the priest, falling bn bis knee*, ' bad. I known you'd w«lly been in th* house, I'd. never have come near the plaoe. I only cam'g to try to earn' » few cub.' The ghost, however, exordsee him without mercy, and he has' t- deoamp mbukhia paraphernalia. ' ' Ohosts ot gods an not nncDmmon, and are often highly servineible. A few yean ago the following was 'gravely reUted In the P.kto Oosefte : ' When the* Hbhammedaae Were besieging Chtbgw.l, they ?iida'enjy halted and ru iwty.': Toe tact was, they hid appnsehea the temple bf T«.p1.peht^d of the planet Venui), and then they, 'eaw an awful vision t gods In golden mall, numerous ?i forest trees, tki arnnd withawctrd and .shield, were drawn up lu battle arrty «16ag the city wall, aw) rad' lamps Innumtrable ilghted th.m up. The enaniis*' heartal.tjed them, aad a sadden dliliharg* of eaonon put *hsnvttiSI«W'; '? ? !:V '?'* ? ? - ~ ? ? \- Here is iuibther «1aa* :pt Mpcntdtion, whioh reminds ns ot aome weird Qsrman and Solav legends about building a living man or womAn into a bridge or tower, which could in no otier oondition - be completed.' ^''WoeA the heli-V6wer of Psk& wai tmatMyiSy*i;'a»-.' Btent, ia a: japtr on Dblnese ?Jegen&^tbjs Jpw*' ine;.^ :~L~ttni5 -i^iBr lain**JKpjkh4iFi&J;*ji^r$hi: always honeycombed, and the emperor atid that if there wa* one more faiiDre, Euae-in'i bead should psy the toiUiU How Kuati-ju hsd a cau^uter, a lovely girl of sixteen, named Ko-ii t and when »be learned what wa* to be done, eh* went to a celebrated. asUoWer and atked the caut* of her iaiber's failnre. Some demon, she wu told, required a maiden'* blooa to M mixed with the meul, and unless this was done, the next, fasting would be a failure like the other*. Ko-ai »t race took ier rwnlution. *hS gofle«V« from her father to be pretent at tbe catt ing; and amid the dead ajlenoe which prevailed When the 'taps were drawn and tbe molten atream poured down into the mould,' a shriek was' heird, and crying out, ' For my. lather,' Ko-ai threw hwtelf headlong icio the seething meuL One of the wurxiueu Iried to aeice her, but only eacoeedeil in getting hold of a eboe,' whion uau vS in ids hauii. Tbe father had -to be neld back by foice tiom fo'iluwiogKo-ai't example. He was taken home a raving madman j but the belt w»8 portent in tuu and tone, and when struct, its sonorous boon is to this day followed by a low ws.il.ng sound like too wail of a woman in e.gi-Dy, and when people hear it they aay, ' There's poor Ko-ai calling for W ?hoe.'' Where did those tales com* from whioh we call tbe Arabian HigUU t Some ol them, we know, tell; be about Ooineae emperors and princesses— Badroulbouianr, ' to wit. Of otbei-«, Chinese legwidj gire ns cltier laimi. Inns ' Open Siiame' fiads its psraUel in tbe story ot a cave, ucar nhiob lived a poor young herdsman, wbii core the hot unusual ?uam'o of Chang:; One day, as he waspajs ing, b» heard a vtiiae wy, ' Stone J door open; Ur.Kwel.ku isoomlog.' Tne oave opened, ana tbe invisible speaker entered, and by-aiid-byo the Mine voica (ltd, ' Stonu door, shut; Mr.Kffei-ku is going.' ? Wuete. upoa the save oiujbiS, «v tint so one could eee where tbe entrance hid been. Chang at onoe' determined to see what was inside; so, one day, taking cue that Mr. Kwei-ku was guns out, be osea the formula, and at once gained «b entrance. Otttoeja legends a» often unpraotloal, su we need nut cornier tbat there is no bint of any treasure iueldu. It was simply a vast, rbmaotjo oavein. He came out, abut tbe' door by Sting tuu propur latai of words, and tbeh tulil hie only iinujj relative, bis grandmotber. She must needasec it tco ; but, wandering inBide, they got srparatod, and Chang, iaucying she bail left first, came out and closed tuo cave's inoutu. Not finding her at home, he rushed, buk, horror- ntriken, to settle her ; but now all his efforts to obtain an entrance failed. The magic words hod lost their powor; .rind he ielt that bit graudintther must be either starved to death or devoured by Mr. Kwei-ku. Just i hen this dronded personage appeared to him, and told him that tho tattB nod taken bis grandmother; the cave demanded a victim. Lee him marry, and take comfort in the thought that his children would have powor over demons. And a j it woe ; Changs son became 'the .master of heaven,' tbe first bolder (i.D. 25 ie about the date assigned to the story) ot an office which has lasted ou to the present day. ti. urme ot inagu louus are louud among mutt peuiiles, our am tbey wanting in Ouina. Kuuguumj was a sort of Ofiiuese M.oiiael Soott; ami one dsy tbe Emperor Huug-wu und his chief oouuoillor, patBlng near bis tomb, were seizitd with a wish tu visit it. Ibe Kmperor and his counter wore suits ot iron «»iJ, niter lbs l.shion of tbose -i«y- ; so, breaking through into Ihe antiebamber, they read aiu ioronpiion tbat whoever viilwd tbe tomb Jabonld liave bis hands lied— a prophecy Jlltm«d by tbelr bands getting lui some tins fast wedged ': into tbe p«»««g( througb sVJiion tbey fookzed tbemeelvM Bre.»-og*luri)ugh .tbi .Me and 4oor, «h( found tejaral fliUres, ' loTard whiob tba begun %a B- attnsted by au irreslitible tor* Full ot tvMr, they flung of) their armour aaf tied, DOlinjjBte liiey ran out auuthur interip tion, wblcbWj be rendered thus s ^'11 ettip off the skin Ol whoso venture! in To open thus mj grave.' Of oourse the figures were of loaJetone, which in the legends of med:iDval Europe, as «ell as in tbe Arabian JTifhU and in Chinese Btoiie?, w&s; credited with v»y mysterious powers. Wben Confuoius diet one of his disoiples cased bis ooffin in load atone; and thus the Em.eror Chin woe baffled in his attempt to open tbe tage'e tumb^the workmen'* pickaxes and spades lost their heads, the armour of the soldiers on guard waa stripped off their bodies; altogether things took such a strange turn tbat the attempt was given up. . Evan tha Jadgumut of Solomon finds its parallel in Chine., only the mandarin who plays Solomon orders tuatthe child.ehall db taken away from both 'women, and brought up ae a government official. He judges that thereat mother will eagerly accept bo good a ohance for her offspring, while the woman who only wanted tb sell the babe, or to use it in begging, trill clamour forite restoration. He therefore hand* tbe litllo one to the claimant who, .though with tears and cobi, had accepted bis 'proposal. The story u said to' be historical, but we may suspect that it was derived' from Indian or fiaroiuo sources. That ie justtbe difficult; In all tuete OMei. The tnytb may ba»u travailed eutward in the wakeof^he «ullMt O»r»v4n«, or with the other teaching of those NeilorUn Chrltti«ii»who penetraUd into ther heart of Cuiua long belore tbe Tartu conqueata, and whose Influence on BaddUsm has not jet been adequtely Uken Into account. When we know more of Chineie literature, we ahtll aee what stories redly do date from p'n-Cbrlstiib tlm#i, and are therefon pnsamably home-grown. \- Till thea.wn xnast be concent to be more pustled than Solomon, of *ho-» judgment here is another mon CbtneM version. 'A Cirtain workman bad a tttf good-looking nit*, and they, levtd euh other teadetly. Batwhlle doja in China ate often aad doga ; and, moreover, have sometimes the power o£ Ukipg wb»t;,hnm«n shape thej like. ' So a writs dbg took .the workman'* '*h»p». ud wmlked into Ut house^ Fprtututaly, fee had ttiMaloulawd 'toe U*»; lor, just as he ?ntered, the real husband returned, and the wife was jhnwn into a very piteeas dilemma. Walob was harhmbaud «ha- wold sot for the We ,of her make out So she did as a »en«lble Chinese woman would— made them both, go w]ith 'hu. to , the mandarin's yamea. Bat ibe mandarin ' wai jnat as puiilHiasthe wife, the two mon were to exactly alike. -Fortunately, however there Was in the yamea a most convenient tiger whioh never would .touoh men, bat was acoustomed to feed on doge. Knowing,' therefore, tie villainous way* of white dogs, the xoigiBtrat* ordered both the eolf - styled husband* to be put into the tiger's cage. The tiger at once. flew at and devoured the dog, and the woman got her real hnsbaad b*ok; and tbey Want. off, poising tee magietrate's wiBdom. - Here is the Chiriefla Penelope. , P^k.ll «hi «as tt tesUeas ep)rit alwaya lonteing for adveuture; He married and had a son, andltn^i^ppeMsd. and was away more ^-an thirty jean, riang, meanwhile, tote tVime Minuter in a neighbouring, state' ^'???J«,r**S*!»W^rfeS' Cbirta, .was* tfroop -uf kingdoms). . One day hiu eon saw » prool»uiauoa »i«ued.P«.k-U-Jii, and toM huj mother^who .inis^jreduoed. to '.lie a wanderinii neadle-woman. They sumed *»iqaaa:aeB |rhat^e.llbpe«i^pt4aow might mean, «iiiii_wb«ri t*ey_gpt to the $??&$ *teJ^™K«-*s-4^;tw«ea' wtb the gieat man's .^prantis.a'J3i«f ;i*aia which ie had been for years ni»^a to 