WORK V. TALK. THAT excellent political writer, the late Mr. Walter Badgshot, says, in his work on the British Constitution, that the chief function of the House o£ Commons — greater even than its Legislative function—is the choosing of a Committee, chiefly of its own member's, to carry on the Government of the country, and maintaining it in power so long as it rutins the confidence of the House and of the country, and qu< tes the reply of a certain Premier who, when twitted with the barrenness of an expiring Parliament, and asked " what it had done ?" said, triumphantly—"Done, Sir, it has kept me in office." And no doubt there is much to be said in support of this view of the case. It is but seldom that an already pretty well governed country requires to have new laws enacted, or important alterations made in existing laws. For such purposesa session of a few weeks once in three years, would probably meet all the requirements of this country. But it is indispensable that these should always be in Parliament, though, while the community may elect its rulers, and keep diligent watch over those rulers when elected. How have the past three years been spent, or wasted, by our legislators? In empty and futile squabbling about schemes of reform, when it is not at all certain that we stand greatly in need of any reform at all; that our constitution, as it stands, would not work well enough if only our representative l men were a little more enlightened and patriotic—a little more devoted to public and less to private interests* These constant efforts after constitutional reform, resemble that constant sharpening of his tools, which is said to characterise the bad workman, and it is highly re-assuring to know that we are at last to halve, from Mr. Service, a moderate and rational measure of reform which the country will gladly accept, and which, whether or no it ever has any very marked effect upon our political affairs, will, at all events; effectually lay the reform ghost for some time. : The truth is, we want no burning questions at present, hut •practical legislation and vigorous, holiest ad ministration; Instead of the pUbiscite, joint voting, and-otherabstraot and more or less complicated • subjects, Parliament Bhbuld - busy itSetf -with railway ' bills, harbou* cotostttfetion bills, drainage bills, -tad .^Mw^ measures that will, really and> truly makfe this' k' ifitio iftunitfy fer : jdsff'wonc- 5 ENIUIUVULOUL 1U F ' . : ,11- viding improved facUiti^^-ftis carrying on his busineaslnthe fiituVe. That this is the kinii, ^ Ministerial work that Mr. Service and {lis jCqI leagues would like to put their hands to, we already have good proof. Their reform scheme mqst be proceeded with, of course. They are pledged t» that, and it is desirable that a measure on the lines of Mr. Service'^ project should be passed. But after that will come thp more important practical work, of which a beginning has already been made. And singularly in contrast with the •11-talk-and-no-work policy of the late Ministry is the practical activity of the present. Let a few examples suffice. Mr. Berry and his friends were all for the working man in their bombastic platform orations, but what did they do for him ? Mr. Longmore, by his arbitrary Jepsipg regulations, hampered and impeded the class that contain, perhaps, the hardest worked and worst paid men in the colony, ay, and women, too, and children—the struggling selectors. Mr. Duffy, on the other hnnd, though professing no special devotion to the working man's . interest—no real statesman or honest politician does attach himself exclusively to a class, whether in words or deeds, but labours for the good of the community as a whole—repealed those regulations immediately on coming into office, and left the selectors to make the best arrangements they could with the capitalist. When, some months ago, there was lack of employment, and wide-spread distress in this city, Mr. Berry complained that the unemployed "annoyed" him with tboir representations, and Mr. Woods recommended them to " go to Lancelield and feed on spuds"—anything to get them out of the way. What does Mr. Service <Jo in a similar emergency ? He makes over to the Harbour Trust land which they require in order to carry on their operations, and work is found for a hundred men in a day. Then, low-lying land, the property of the Crown, is to be improved by depositing upon it the silt raised from the bed of the Yarra, and, between this job and the Harbour Trust's works, there will be employment for five hundred men, probably, from the present time till next shearing or harvest arrivs, and drafts men from the city to the country and New South Wales. That is something like practical, beneficial administration, and it lay just as ready to Mr. Berry's band as to Mr. Service's, if only he bad chosen to exhibit his love for the working man by giving him work to do and bread to eat, instead of filling liis ear with empty and fulsome flatteries. What next will the present Ministry of re-action—the representatives of wealth only, the grinding monopolists and oppressors of the poor—do for the forking man. It will repeal the stock tax as soon as ever it can, and 60, while cheapening beef and mutton, it will restore activity to the wool asljing and fellmongery establish- .where desolation now reigns, and ,Restore hundreds of men to the profitable employment they had enjoyed for many years, and would never have lpst.but for the blundering interference pf Mr, Berry. And the repeal of the ptoclj: jtax will do much more even than. this. It will make Melbourne the head-quarters of that great export 4;rade in chilled meat which is now , springing up, and which it never .jfould become while the stock tax ejadured. , It vvoqld be difficult to 1 #yer-flstipiate the value of su<jh a dead Ijppeajt; ttpdp; .jpay. reasonably be expected to arise here,.j:o the tra^je of the cil^. andiparticuiarly to its artjzatis Jl^;WtoW^r- i'&we; were e xp®rtfBg f thovLSfuafll ^arca^ea of beef a w?^ s prepara-' [ frmtoi&tomh; §*4: i i ^^Ijiglprp^iap^.sucM? bifles, s^igs, lefomjy Thefemay^^metowhorotb^ iorSt may seem a&tle; fapc*-* little over sanguine; but itwnot^lft " r JL The commercial and Melbourne *an scarcely ^ oVeMsUmBted/ifonlyit is permitted the Full enjoyment of its comrrianding geographical situation, undisturbed by empyricjU, fiscal legislation. ; Other instances of prompt, practical administration on the part of the Service Ministry mightbe enumerated. Immediately on assuming ^ control of the Railway Department, Mr."frillies did what was at once an act of justice and a most judicious step in view of important public interests—-be replaced Mr. Thomasvfiiginbotiiam in his old ppsition " as Engineer-in- Chief. Thousands of citizens who had some knowledge of the mad freaks ' that Mr. John Woods had long been playing in the department, abetted by time-serving officers, who had not the independence to check his vagaries or point out his mistakes, breathed more freely when they learned that, at length there was an upright and' fearless man at the head of affairs, who would encourage no Minister in an act of folly, and punish or reward no officer on political, or other improper grounds. It was almost worth while to hold a general election, and displace a Ministry to get Mr. Higinbotham back to the Railway Department—it was worth twice as much bother to get rid of John Woods. Thi3 was amply shown at the very beginning of Mr. Gillies' administration. Certain important contracts, into which his predecessor had unwisely entered, had to be annulled—at some loss, no doubt, but that a trifle when compared with the loss that would have accrued from the carrying of them out. There is, perhaps, no department of the Government in which honest, sensible, busiess-like management is more essenially necessary than in the departent under consideration. With upwards of a million sterling to receive and expend in the doing f actual work, sound and safe modes of procedure must prevail, r great loss to the country will ensue. Here, of all places, hetorical, hifalutin and political intrigue are entirely out of place, nd it is a matter for sincere thankfulness that, with Mr. John Woods, all these have disappeared from the scene. To come back to the point from which we started; if the country is to derive the full benefit calculated to follow upon the replacement of Mr. Berry and his colleagues by better meD, the future will be leiss occupied than has been the past with " burning questions " and constitution mending, and more with the practical work of the country, which there is every reason to expect will be the case, udging from the good beginning the new men have made. Thb Age of Wednesday says:—"The Government are desirous as far as possible of disarming any. opposition against them caused by personal pique before the meeting of Parliament. With thiB view an attempt has been made to conciliate Sir John O'Shanassy, who, as leader of the Catholic arty in the House, is regarded as possessng considerable influence, and whose feelings towards the new Government, owing to he manner in which he was ignored in he formation of the Ministry, are known not to be of the most friendly description. e has been cautiously approached, and as been informed that if he oared to accept the position the post of Agent General was at his disposal. Sir John 'Shanassy, however, has decisively declined ; heoter." ' Thb Sisters of Mercy, Geelongr, gratefully cknowledge the receipt of £5 from .his Archbishop ior Our Lady's and J £5' for ,St. Joseph's Indusrial 13<>lioql. 1 '* "--" News comes to hb from Sydney that Comodore Wilson, on: tearing of the Chancer- Expedition, to Ney Ireland, prdered ne >Confl\et schboqer .to pay a'special visit' tp he ialakd, fot Observation^ «.tid to report n the Hate of affairs. The Conflict has ailed^ and,* niter yisitiog New Ireland, will return to Cooktojsyii .awl telegraph. the result f tjie visit to iHe cdminoaore. "" ! Otin' Que'ei#anS 1 Cktiiolic contemporary, he Hktelt- dliaHj' Uhurfi Winda Up ail article onrnjenting Abe .p/irt 'Patholios played in p QnflfiTiHlftTidtJao erpectj . i^fefttlfe Oatfeoli«%t«fiWe, lgFidtorik t 'wilraiBtob' Che isBu^af «yery Bays pi 1 the nan id with ! tbb mtiriet'df husbariAi 'Wfe, ttna' T chiia, fc i that' -'<ioVcmyi-i" It' »wiU be emembered that .Sutlwi aliat Madwp-y, alias onnelly, arrepted in ^umection with the murder of Mr. and llr». Dewar, wa« fonr years ago tiie teacher; 'for a month 'oift^o, of th^ p.athplic,school ^'•CjroinivfeE,;! &, position "hp&acl; obtained.on false pretences. '££e.')s .not/however, a Catholic, anditwaa noticed that he could not be prevailed upon'toteitih the Christian doctrine to hia pupils; he :sy^in!atic$ly &«glect«d- itin ; spite 'qf all 'refh&istrancei.; "On hia " conviction' f6t burglary in Dunedin in '76, he described himself as a Protestant, and' attended Protestant worship during the term of sih confinement." . • - . Thb appointment of Mr. Le Poer Trenph, Q.C.,ai Gounty Court Judge, via Mr. GL G. Leeolx, h&B; been letted, his duties to commence on 1st April. A notification also appears In the Gazette that Mr. A. J. Skene, Surveyor-General, shall continue to perform his duties, notwithstanding that on the 31st ult. he had attained the age of GO years. The Minister of Lands has temporarily reserved for the purposes of the port of Melbourne the piece of land on the Yarra known as the Fishermen's Bend. The permanent reservation will be made when the necessary Gazette notices have been given. It is not improbable that the Harbour Trust will be able to commence work at. this point of the river on Wednesday, and immediate employment would then be found for a large number of the unemployed. The Minister of Mines and Water Supply has refused the application recently made by Mr. [1. M'Coll, the secretary of the North- Western Canal Company, that the Government should make a contour survey of the country between the Goulburn and the Loddon, in connection with the canal scheme. The Government are of opinion that as the scheme is proposed to be carried out by a company, they would not be justified in undertaking the required survey. Mr. M'Coll has addressed a reply to the Minister of Mines, urging a reconsideration of his decision. 