THE WESTBURY SHOW. The annual show of the Western Agricultural Association will be held at Westbury to-morrow. 'The entries received are very satisfactory, being 373 in all, made up as follows:-Cattlo 86, horses 128, sheep 106, implements 53. The . committee have made every possible arrangement to render the' exhibition a complete one, and to provide for the comfort of the visitors, and ad ditional celat will be given to the occasion by the presence of His Excellency the Administra tor of the Government and two or more of'his responsible advisers. The day has been appointed a public holiday in Launceston, and a bank holiday at Launces ton, Longford, and Deloraine. The Municipal and public offices will be closed in town, and many of the business people have announced theirintention of doing the same. The usual holiday postal and telegraph arrangements have been made, but they.will not interfere with the arrival and departure of mails. The manager of the Launceston and Western Railway offers the usual facilities to those desirous of attending the show. Return tickets from all stations to Westbury will be issued at single fares. In addition to the ordinary trains special trains will leave Launceston at 10'45 a.m., and Westbury for Launceston, and inter mediate stations at 1015 p.mn., and for Delo raine at 10"30 p.m. A special live stock train will leave Launceston at 6 a.m., and return from Westbury at 510 p.m. No goodstwill be received or carried by any of the trains on the line. In the evening a grand concert will be given in the T~estbury Public Library, in which several Launceston and local vocalists will take part. Stacey's grand Australian Panorama Company will exhibit their Australian panorama at Phillips's Rooms. PRESS DIscoURTesr.-it is very seldom that we complain of news which has ap peared in our columns being reprinted by our contemporaries without aeknowledg mont, but there is a limit to our forbear ance when we find our southern contem porary appropriating in yesterday's issue not only a report of the London tin market, condensed from Messrs Spence and Co.'s circular, but also an extract from a private letter of that firm to the proprietors of this paper. The extract in question i5 not only reprinted without acknowledgment, but placed in such a manner, above the mining news which is acknowledged from the Examiner,; as to show thatthe piracy has been intentional, and not accjdentil, .. .r ELEOTORAL. ASSESSEiNT.-The Muni- Vc cipal Council will consider the report of bhers the Committee on the assessment of pro- grou' perties on Monday afternoon next, and arriv burgesses are invited to inspect the rolls trato in the meautime,in order that their objeo- exert tions to any valuations may be brought jomn under the notice 6f the Council at the Lion proper time. the GARRISON ORDERs.-The Launceston the t Volunteer Artillery and the Northern in hi Companies of the Tasmanian Volunteer ing I Rifle Regiment, with the Garrison Baud, mad, are ordered to parade at the Drill Yard, Mast on Tuesday, the 23rd inst., at 6'30 p.m., had for inspection by his Excellency Lieut.- and General Sir John H. Lefroy, K.O.M.G., comn C.B. upon GLAMORGAN EoECTION.- We under- insts stand that Mr John Lynb, of Apslawn, num Cranbrook, Warden of Glamorgan, is surp likely to be a candidate for the seat in the appe House of Assembly rendered vacant by may the death of the late Mr John Mitchell. men' MINres?s trAL.-The Hons. the Colonial ficia Secretary and Attorney-General were at ta engaged yesterday in attending upon his hors Excellency the Administrator of the Go- corp vernment. To-day they will be in attend- prac ance at the Public Offices during the Pi morning, and to-morrow they will visit MEN the Westbury Show, returning to Hobart froli Town on Thursday. The Hon. the Dr. Premier is expected to return from Mel'- of a bourne by the s.s. Flinders to-day, and- i lish. is likely that he will proceed at once to may Hobart Town. Dr. VIxroRIAN -RIaLE MATCHES.-The cent annual rifle matches under the auspices Lib, of the Victorian Rifle Association, will be sub, held at the Williamstown ranges during Prol the present week. The programme is an arm extremely lengthy one, but the items in bers which we are most interested are those once in which the Tasmanian representative spec team will compete. They are, first, tie to f Intercolonial match, the prize for which afte is a challenge shield and £10. The match hou was originally intended to have been an we 1 Intercolonial one, open to forty effective and members of the naval and military forces wra of Victoria-ten representatives of Eng- oint land, ten of Scotland, ten of Ireland, and larg ten of Australia-but no entries were was received from the mother country, and, witi consequently, its conditions were changed, them the number of members of the competing new teams being enlarged to 15, and the pari prize being offered for competition by the pret various colonies. In the All-comers and tity Individual matches our team will com- me pete in their individual capacities, and sma Mr M'Donald, a member of the Southern in I Rifle Association, will also enter in the imr first-named one. else BENEFIT TO MR R. L. SKINNER.- des There was only a fair attendance a. the afts Mechanics' Hall last evening, the back mu seats being well filled, and the front but hol poorly patronised. Shortly after eight rein o'clock His Excellency, lady and suite the arrived, the band playing the National Ex( Anthem outside the Institute. The Iv concert was at once commenced, the pro- full gramme as a whole proving but verl in- be different, the performance being far below low the standard of many that have preceded pal it. The most meritorious performance h1l. of the evening was an excellent solo on roo the violin by Herr Carl Schmitt. Never Ho have we heard him play so well, his per- sels formance of last evening being far a c superior to his always masterly style. Be I I was rapturously applauded, and played pal " Home, sweet home". as an encore in a civ: most varied and delightful manner, the wal true virtuoso being fully apparent. "Una mo voco," sung by Miss O'Meara, showed ani good conception and, artistic finish, the col upper notes telling'with wonderful power, loo and proved most successful, the lady ant singing as an 'encore " Comin' thro' the fee Rye" charmingly, although it suffered a i little by the absence of gesture which usually accompanies this favourite ballad. the Mr Skinner sung " The Pilgrim of Love" a and the " Death of Nelson" in his usual Su style. The 'latter being liberally ap- up plauded, he responded with one verse of ye; " Let me like a soldier fall." Mr Drayton, No in " Hear me gentle Maritana," showed fes a little of his old form, singing very well, O'1 but erred sadly in choosing two keys.for sis the encore song "Dear home." The re- chl maining numbers do not call for special Nc mention, excepting the solo and chorus "Wave your silken banners," which, (sa with the " National Anthem," brought re( the concert to a close. am THE ALIO . JoHNS C. OMPNY.-This So company, who have laboured so earnestly fri and in the face of such disheartening hbr circumstances to provide for the amuse- ca: ment of the playgoing public of Laun- ce: ceston, will open at the Mechanics' Insti- Iea tute this evening. ' The programme will H consist of Bulwer Lytton's beautiful play £5 "The Lady of Lyons," in which Mr G. an W. Collier will Sustain the part of Claude st1 Melnotte, supported by the entire strength Cs of the company. We hope that the appeal . u which the directress has made to the ith public will be readily responded to, for tl there can be no doubt that the company bi contains all the elements essential to the 1 successful rendition of the plays which have been selected for representation. T TAsMANIAN VOLUNTEIR IFLa RzGCI- ti MENT--A communication has been re- or ceived at the Staff Office,Launceston, from bi Captain Boddam, Captain and Staff e Officer, acknowledging the receipt of the le proceedings of a Board of Examination p (consisting of Lieut.~Uolonel Home h (President), and Captaine Aikenhead and 1 Hunt) stating that Sub.-Lieutenantsb James H. Room and Wm. Martin, of the is northern detachment, had passed their o examinations with credit. The despatch tl states that in accordance with the recom- 1 mendation of the Board, his Excellency p the Administrator has been pleased to 1 confirm the appointments of the Sub.- a Lieutenants above named. I SmI F. A. WELD.-We learn that Sir t Frederick Weld is sending a contribution to Miss Chapman's stall at the Hobart Town Cricketer's Bazaar, consisting of Chinese and Indian curiosities, fans, and china, which will arrive by the next Torres 1 Straits mail. His Excellency, in a private letter, expresses himself delighted with S the Straits settlements, and speaks in the highest terms of his new residence, which is beautifully situated. CooKeRY.-There were between 60 and and 70 ladies present at Mrs Macpherson's class at the Mechanics' Institute yes terday, when instruction was given in the art of preparing the following dishes : -Brown soup, boiled fish, boiled potatoes, fish pie, fish cakes, fruit and rice meringue, and compote of fruit. The class will meet again this afternoon. A SERIonus CHaRE.- Considerable surprise and regretwas caused in business circles yesterday by the arrest of Mr J. R. Blythl, Wine and spirit merchant of this town, upon a charge of uttering a forged acceptance. The facts of the case are simply these :-Blyth discounted an acceptance at the Union Bank of Australia for £23 4s, purporting to be accepted by Mr A. Gardiper, of the Forth, and upon its falling due on the 8th inst., it was not provided for. The manager placed himself in communication with Mr Gardiner, who stated that he had not given a bill to any one for a year, nor had he had any dealings with Blyth for that period, and pointed out that the name to the accep tance was incorrectly spelt. The accused was brought up at the Police Court yesterday and remanded till Saturday. A Qrate Singer.-The tea-kettle. Something about milk--WRter. VOLUNTEER' LIGHT Hoasn.-Theo mIe- S bars of this corps paraded at their drill we v ground yesterday afternoon (after the gIlos arrival of his Excellency .the Admcinis- in t trator of the Governmnent) and were near exercised in head and post drill and ance jumping movements. Culonel Angelo and beer Lioeut.-Colonel Homo were present, and On the Commandant took occasion to inspect and the troop, after which he addressed them used ill highly complimoutary terms, express- tall ing himself as delighted with the progress Mr made by them, indeed since C:aptain mov Mason had taken charge of them, they sude had wonderfully improved in appearance, but and their soldier-like aspect was highly men commendable, and reflected groat credit suffi upon Sergeant-Major Kerr, their drill Ino instructor. He was glad to learn that their C numbers were increasing, and was really of 1 surprised at their progress, strength, Clul appearance, and efficiency in drill. We inst may add that at the drill many of the A members showed themselves very pro.- 'vit ficient at severing the head from the post, " at taking off the ring, and jumping their rier horses over the gate. Altogether the froes corps had a very pleasant afternoon's sulti practice. rose PROFESSOR HoLLowAY's EsTABLrSIr- oai MtENT.-In a letter we recently received ge s from our well-known follow townsman, sune Dr. J. L. Miller, lie gives a description cein of a visit to Professor Holloway's estab- lung lishment in Oxford street, London, which drg may be of interest to many of our readers. the Dr. Miller says :-" Professor Holloway's size, central establishment is near Mludio's Lan Library, to which I very often go, being a subscriber, and one day I went 'in to the L Professor's and asked one of the small army of clerks if I could see some mum- p, bhers of .the Laulncestole Exanminer. He at Turi once referred me to another clerk, whose A special business it was, and he, asking me the to follow him, conducted me up flight red after flight of stairs to the very top of the also house. On all the floors through which we passed there were any amount of girls, A and a few men, busily engaged in 'seer wrapping 'up boxes of pills and of Con ointment, and in packing the same in (res large parcels. At the top of the house 1 me1` was taken into a large double room lined with shelves from floor to ceiling, and on aski these shelves were bound volumes of coul newspapers in all languages, from all two parts of the world. On my ex- war pressing my astonishmbnt at the quan- apc tity of newspapers, the clerk informed Pay me that I saw but a very the smallportion of the stdck of newspapers pur in possession of the house, that they had Car immensely large 'numbers stored away elsewhere. If the accumulations'are over destroyed I do not know, I fancy that, 1 after a certain number of years, they mu must be; but when the room I saw can and hold no more its contents are periodically ass, removed to the larger store at the rear of (ati the premises. The numbers of the Excamrter I wanted were soon found, and I was invited by a gentleman who had r followed us upstairs, and who seemed to upc be head-manager, to descend again to the wal lower floor, the clerk following with the to papers. There I was shown into a very we handsomely furnished and decorated obt room, which I was' told was Professor ' Holloway's private office, though Ihe now the seldom visits it ; the fire was poked up, a conifortable easy chair set for me, and to. I was left to myself to examine the news- the papers. Nothing could exceed the ift civility and attention of Professor Hollo- mn way's assistants, and when I left I was most cordially pressed to return again at ap any time that 1 might want to sea any up colonial papers. I observed that each I inc looked over has been examined before, and a large cross in pencil marked on Pro- tih fessor Holloway's advertisement." HonART TowwN PRESENTTION CONVENT. -The community of this convent (says the DMercury) met on Thursday last, when foe a successor to the late lamented Lady eti Superior was elected. The choice fell bu upon Sister iM. Regis Murphy, who for rut years occupied the position of Mistress of tic Novices, and arrived in this colony a pro fessed uun in 1806. Sister Stanislaus O'Brien was re-elected "Mother As- mi sistant," and Sister De Sales Boylson was chosen to be the future Mistress of Novices. by A Goon ExAiraLE.-Wo have to-day su (says the Miercury) the pleasant duty of recording a somewhat unusual instance of a debtor remembering former obligations. i Some 14 years ago, Mr. Bernhard Ehren- 2a fried, who was in business with some w: brothers in the cattle and general trade, (ni came to Tasmania and purchased a Laun- Sc ceston vessel called the Cosmopolite, and lhad her fitted out with produce for S, Hokitika, leaving unpaid a balance of £400 to the previous owners of the vessel, wm and the persons from whom he purchased or stores, who gave him willing credit. The nc Cosmopolite was subsequently wrecked, e Suninsured, opposite Masthead Reef, on m the coast of Queensland. Undaunted by r the loss, M?r B. Ehrenfried and his Sbrothers battled to redeem themselves, 5 but some cattle speculations having Sproved disastrous, Mr Bernhard came to Tasmania to arrange with his creditors for \- time. . He had, however, hardly set foot \- on the wharf at Launceston when the n bailiffs pounced upon him, and he was n ff cast into prison, from which he was re- ci e leased under the bankruptcy laws, the n presiding judge having condemned the e harsh treatment he Ihad received.b d Mr Ehrenfried died some time ago, be but one of the surviving brothers arrived h te in Hobart Town on Friday evening, and, t ir on Saturday, waited on Captain Wise, of t h the Monarch, who had been a creditor for d 1- £101 5s, but had taken no. part in the y proceedings of the other creditors, and to handed over to that gentleman the i .- amount of his long-forgotten debt. Mr Ehrenfried, holding that the other credi ir tors had taken their pound of flesh, and en thereby forfeited all claim to considera rt tion, has left with us the sum of £400, of which he has desired us to appropriate as i cd follows, viz. :-To the Benevolent Society, £100; to thie Tasmanian Masonic Benevo te lent Society, £100; to thie Industrial ti School for Boys, £100; to the Industrial ee School for Girls, £50; and to the Dorcas cI Society, £50. MOTHr ENTAPPINO. - Mr Ed. l. sd Thompson, of Franklin, writing to the M Mercurry under this head, calls attention to a simple but effectual method of en Strapping moths in general, and perhaps, therefore, the codlin moth in particular. He says-"It is the practice of many e entymologists, who are desirous of cap e turing specimens of night moths, to smear on the back of one or two trees, on a piece of board, or part of a fence, the ble mixture I give below. I have often, both as in England and the colonies, tried it with J. great success, and on some evenings have hof had mnore 'takes' than I could preserve. ga I do not see why many moths of the so ase called 'codlin' species should not be an destroyed in this way, and by taking the dia trouble of examining the painted trees by once or twice in the course of the evening, on they could be captured before recovery not from the effects of ' D.T.' Mix equal self partis, or thereabouts, of .stale beer and ier, dark sugar (honey or treacle will answer bill as well), boil them until they have thick any ened into a strong smelling paste, and and then apply by brush to the trees, etc. By :ep- putting a pewspaper nnder the trees, any sed thatare ' overcome' may be easily picked crt up)" " LA PILAuITE,' composed by Carl Schmitt; price, 2As 6d; just received by mail. Copies of the above new composition for the pianoforte. \--tiD5iON.ND HorWOOP. SSHOOTINO A GiosT.--Some days siice we wrote, says the Aei"rciery, concerning a ghost which it was reported had been seen in the neighbourhood of the burial ground near Trinity Church, the sudden appear ance of which to lonely pedestrians had been the cause of fright and annoyance. On Saturday evening he was about again, and one of the residents of High-street used a gun as threatened, and shot at the tall white figure which was to be seen in Mr Addison's garden. The figure did not move for a while, and then disappeared suddenly. Nothing further is known, but any family that received one of its members about the time mentioned suffering from a gun-shot wound, will know how to account for the fact. CRIOKET.--The annual general meeting of the members of thle Entally Cricket Club will be' held at Hadspen on the 27th inst., at 7,30 p.m. AGENTLE HINT.--In our style .of climate, with itd sudden changes of temperature,-rain, wind, and sunshine often intermingled in a sin gle day,-it is no wonder that our. children, friends, and relatives are so frequently taken from us by neglected colds, half tl.e deaths re sulting directly from this cause. A bottle of Boschee's German Syrup kept about your home for immediate use will prevent serious sickness, a large doctor's bill, and perhaps a death, by the use of three or four doses. For curing con sumption, lhomorrhages, pneumonia, severe coughs, croup, or eany disease of the throat or lungs, its success is simply wonderful, as your druggist will tell you. German Syrup is now sold in almost every town and village throughout the world. Sample bottles for trial, 6d; regular size, 3s 6d.-L. FAnIIrTHoNE & SON, chemists, Launceston, solo agents for Tasmania. 