' THE CHIMES OF NOBMANDY.' Undei the title of 'Les Cloches de Corne ville' this opera was performed in Adelai le early last year, tbe leading character, Sjrpolette, bpicc then taken bv ftlis« Clara Thomanon with marked success. It is to be produce! to-night by the present company at the Iloyal, and us it iB a comparatively new opera we have thought it ss well to subjoin an outline of the plot: — The Comte de Lucenay, attainted for political reasoas, fijea from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienne and considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, G»apord. This wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Oomta may never return to claim his own (which indeed happens), brings up the child as his niece, under the name of Germtiine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by ho»rding the Ccmte's treasure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chiteau of Corcerille, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like Do Lacen&y;, and aa exile from France. The grandson of this Mar quis de Comeville is, however, alive, and the interdict on the estates haviiig been removed by the King, the village goasips believe that ona day the iong- expected heir will return. Mean while the castle ban an evil notoriety. It is haunted ; mailed spectres stride along the corri dors, and ghostly phantoms Hit across its lighted windows at night. But, in truth, thest- are devices of the cunniiig Gaanard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in oue 'of his fields, and grown cow into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Gcrniaine eventually joins the band, also llying from Guspard'x hon«e —but from a very different motive. The old mieer has promised her haiid to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the chateau aud auait the barony accounts. Now Germaitie has betrothed herself to a ne'er do-well of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenicheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowDing. Bat, in fact, her deliverer was really tbe long-lost heir— the young Henri de Oornsville, now captain of an armed «hip, with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashore at Hocfleur, to revisit tbe house of his fathers. At the opening of the dram* be again returns — and this time he resolveB to take pos session of liis ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants— amongst others Ger maine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux (uow turned coachman), concludes the first part of the story. | |The scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into tke deeerted rooms — and lay their plans to surpmo tne adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village traditions. Two dis coveries, bearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines, are here made by the Marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girl he rescued from tbe eea is the Germaine who has captivated him, bnt who believes herself bound ia honour ' to Grtnlcheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old Gaspard) referring tattie flight of the Comte de Lncenay, and placing of his infant daughter with the miser. The viva cious Scrpolette immediately rushes to the con clusion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives her»elf all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of some one is announced by the scouts — Grenicheux is put into a suit of mail to watch the intruder uns«-n— and the Marquis and his crew retire to the ennoury. The old miser appears— * orks Lis phantoms — lights the candelabra — wallows in his gold — and then comes a swiftand awful ven geance. Tbe rusty bells toll — a ghoatly chaunt is beard — then a legion of mailed spectres — all the df-ad and buried Lords of Corneville appear — acd advance on the appalled miser, who sinks woDdering and terror-stricken on his gold. This startling tableau concludes the second put. The last act is devated to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Germaine. This is done by patching together the hints dropped in. his ravings by old Gaspard— who confirms them oa his return to sanity, and owns that GermatDO Is not his niece, but Mdlle. de Lncenay. In the same icoment that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri de Gorneville, and not to Grenichenx, she owed her life. Across the serious interest of the denouement comes the lighter texture of Serpolttte'a fortune. No sooner does she assume the silks and satins of rank than «he is unde ceived as to her real position, aDd has again to look forward to s&bota; and cotton. Over the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaiue come, this time gladly, the chimes of The Chimes of Normandy. 