THE STATE OF IRELAND. The present state of Ireland is most un satisfactory, and anairs there appear to be rapidly approaching a crisis. For some time past it has been expected that tho Government would bo compelled to renew the terms of tae.Peace Preservation Act, and although while Parliament wa3 sitting the Secretary for Ireland (Mr. Forster) repudiated the idea that it was necessary to resort to excep tional measures, he had apparently reckoned without his host. Not only, as we are informed by telegram, are tha Counties of Galway and Mayo proclaimed 'as disturbed districts,' but measures of an excepHonal character are in contempla tion, and as the number of troops ia the districts classed as 'disturbed' ia to be largely increased, it is probable that in a few days at furthest the country will again he groaning under laws a3 severs aa, and differing only in name from, those which accompany the establishment of martial law. What that is may be gleaned from the sajing of tha Duke of Wel lington, who once described martial law a3 tho 'will of the Commander- in-Chief.' Should this extreme step bs taken, the rebel party in Ireland will have themselves iJone to blame. Scarcely a day pa3323 by ?withont the country being startled by reports of murderous outrages, backed up by still more murdenxu and seditious talking. At Lnrgan a fiiw week3 ago, in a war between the two religious factions, each side was crying out for blood, and, although no lives were lost, an incessant discharge of firearni3 kept up the state of terror. At Dungannon the police fired upon the mob, killing one man and dangerously wounding many more. At Portadown and Downpxtrick further scenes of violence and bloodshed were enacted, and in addition to the mur der of human beings the most diabolical and cruel outrages have been committed in a spirit of revenge upon dumb andsense less animals. Horses, cattle, and sheep have been hamstrung or houghed, and in some irstacces their heads have been severed from their bodies. Besides theaa outrages more immediate vengeance has been wreaked upon cHending landlords or their agents. Mr. Boyd and hia two sons were shot at, one being killed, whilst riding in a public road in the neighbourhood of Kilkenny ; another agent was only saved by a shirt of mail which he wore under his clothes, and more recently Lard Monnt morres has met Li3 death at the hands of daylight assassins. To show that this condition of unquiet j is not confined to the peasantry, it may j be mentioned that several prominent j members of Parliament and others have j publicly praised resistance to tho pay ment of rent, and have virtually urged upon their hearers the resort to blood shed and murder. Mr. John Dillon, the member for Tipperary, speaking at a meeting at Kildare, said — ' If the landlords persisted in resisting moderate claims, then the word would go out to pay no rent at all till justice wa3 done. Against C00, 000 Land Leaguers all the armies of England could not levy rent, as they failed long ago to levy tithe3 upon the people, when the people rose against them. Let them organize and march in order to their meetings. They must not depend upon their repre sentatives in Parliament. They muat fight their own battle. All the representa tives in Parliament could do for them was to paralyze the hand of the Government, to get the people free, to organize to drill, to march to their land meetings in obedience to call, and to carry a rifle i£ they liked.' A*; a meeting of Orangemen at Portadown, County Armagh, the people met to express sym pathy with the Rev. Mr. Kane, who recently suggested that the Protestants Ehould retaliate for the attacks on Irish landlords by shooting ' the Catholic priests. The people, sufficiently in flamed without such arguments, naturally become further excited, more especially a3 these words which so openly counsel resistance to law, and offer suggestions for murder, are the counsels of men whem they look upon as their teachers and guides. While thus much of disturbance cornea from the people, the action of the landlords them selves is not likely to render any solution of the difficulty more easy. They have to the number of one hundred visited the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland for the purpose of expressing their determination of giving up their positions a3 Poor Law Guardians, unless the Government an able to ensure to them tho safety of their lives and land. It is not sur prising, under these circumstances, to find that even those who so recently voted for the rejection of the ' Distur bance of Ireland Bill' should be tha first now to advocate a return to those extreaae measures which, it i3 deeply to be de plcred, seem to be necessary in the present stale of Ireland. There is little doubt that with tha return of the terrors of what, uader another name, is practically martial law, peace will again be restored fcr a time. But will it be permanent? Will the people of Ireland, cowed but not beaten, be one whit the. better unless some measures are adopted by which not alone will peace be restored, but the prime cause of disturbance be removed 1 The solution of the land question must, be attempted, and, what is more, it must be settled on some fixed basis before the peace of Ireland can! be held to be secure. Of course the difficulty will be in de termining upon' what principle the work of reform shall proceed. Many plans are open, and the choice will lie with tho3eupoa whom the main tenance of the peace of Ireland devolves. There i3 peasant proprietorship, with a email holding as in France j there h the system of fixity of. tenure;, of Parlia mentary tenant right ; or of an extension of the /Ubter custom, byj which a tenant evicted for any cause except non payment of rent claims compensation. These and many other modes of dealing ?with the land question will naturally pre sent themBclvcB, but one or other of them must be determined on before any ame lioration of the present state of anarchy acd confusion is likely to be secured. Tho strong arm of the law meanwhile is wanted in Ireland to put down the assassin, and to allow the ordinary business of the country., to proceed. But, we repeat, it is even more important that steps should be taken to . secure the settlement of the land question. The refusal of the House of Lords to endorse the action of the Commons in regard to the policy of the Government was a fatal mistake; but it is one which, ic is to be hoped, will not be repeated when the Ministry again brirg the subject under the notice of Parliament . The Crzco's Mail.— The mail for ordinary leuos by the steamer Caroo, for EagUnd, will dose at noon to-day. Tha veuel sails early ia the afternoon. Tbx Homkward Mail Stbameb.— The RMS. Assam arrived at Albany at i p.m. ou Saturday. EHirMKKT of Wool to Ewolaxd.— The Elder liter Bellana sailed from Tort Angusti on October 9, for England, laden with wool. Tbe value of her cargo is £«50,&CQ.; SUPFOBKD IVbeCK OF THH GSOHGISA.— OdC Edinburgh correspondent informs us that the supposed deckbeust*, which it was believed was that of tbo Georgi^a, tarns oat to bo a ship's cow-stulL It Las bitten* in tha floar for the cattle to stand on, and boles are bored in the bottom for d rainage purposes. The floor is made of Oregon planking, and tbere is a csnras cover over tbe stall. Tne top U painted white and lii;ht browa. The dimensions oc. the still axo 9 feet square. Gou- fhum tub Fab Nohtu.— We have been shown a sample of gold obtained by Mr. Wil liam Bray near the Yadanamutan - iup. Mr. Ersy i» under the impression that gold exists there in large qnintiiks. CnrccH PiitADK. — volon'eer church parade tock place on Sunday moruiutT, October l(i, acd tbe runs ttr was as follows :— Artillery, 65\. viz., 14 officers and non- com?., and 54 rink and file ; infantry, IG-5, viz., 38 officers au 1 non coras., and 128 rank and file : grand t:-t*', 25u. Of the staff there were 5, making the tjtal rooster 2(51. Tbe Culouel-Oocn:ntiui-i.at; aad Deputy A^alataiit A'-'jutiut-tJeutral wore pre set-t. Port Antu.irs Fiub Busoadb.— The Port acd Fort Suburbiu Fire Ktcis, with Deputy - Supcrinttudeiit c'atidera, were out for an hoar's practice on Saturday afternoon. There was a sharp contest between the reels. The Gimville one wss first on each occasion in getting ready to turn the water on. Tho reels and plant are in first-clat* condition. The Kace.'.— The Park Meeting held by the Adelaide Racing Club on Saturday was attended by about 2,300 person?, and wa* a complete success. The Hurdle Bace mas won by Encounter, the October Handicap by Silver Thread, the Handicap Steeplechase by Moma long, the Flying Handicap by Sa&Qower;, &a-l; Corinthian Steeplechase by Ohirlie. StTGAa GCLTIVATIOH Ul TH8 NORTHERN Tebbitobt. — Wo understand that nine applica tions for large blocks of land to carry on sugar cnltivation in tho Northern Territory hare been made to the Minister of Education independent of those cf Mesun. Owstou k Spunce, and the De Lissa Company, bat that nothing has been done towards deciding on the applica tions pending the: passing of the Sugar Cultivation XSill now before Parliament. Tbe Minister has, hewever, informed each of tbe applicants that tbe maximum area to be granted in any single cane cannot exceed 5,000 acres, au i that each applicant will have to show that he intends in a bona-fide manner to cultivate sugar ou the laud to be taken up. In tha report of the proceedings in Parliament on Friday a typo graphical error cre^t in, whereby Mr. It. O. Baktr was made to dts-iibe £25,00.) as not being a large sum to pay for 20,000 acres of land in the Koitliern Territory. It should have been £2,5C0. Ciiixesr IinciGRATtos. — A pnb'.io meeting will be held at the Town Hall this evening for the purpose of considering tha conduct of tho Legislative Council in connection with the Bill for regulating a--d restricting the introduction of Chinese. Scoab Cci-titation rs QrEBjisLiND.— Is is yearly becoming more apparent (writes the Attstralasiaii) that tbe cultivation of the sugarcane is destined to becotno one cf the main agricultural resources of Queensland. Only ten years ago tbe colony was, to a great extent, dependent npon foreign importation of sugar ; now, it no: only supplies its own largely increased require ments, but is able to export tbe enormous quantity of upwards of 12,000 tons. It u encouraging to notice this rapid development of the Latural resources of the colony. Tiiera is every reason to hope that the marked success which has attended sugar cultivation will shortly indnse a very much larger invest ment of capital in this branch of agriculture, so that in a few jearg Queensland planters will be in a position to monopolize tbe entire sugar supply of Australia, or, at any rate, to divide tbe trade with their energetic rivals in Fiji. Few people are awaro of tbe extent to which Victoria alre.vly depends apoix its northern iricuds. Last year, for instance, upwards of 60,000 cwt. of Queensland sugtr, valued at about jCTO.OCO, was absorbed in this market alone, while Fiji contributed another 9,594 cwt. to the supply of our wants. The sugar produced in the fix districts in Queensland in which the cane is largely culti vated at present amounted lust season to 18,714 tons, or 5,189 in excess of the yield of the pre vious year. The Mackay district continues to hold the pre-eminencH, bat tbe industry is growing fast in the Maryborough and Logan districts also. It is feared that the exceptionally cold winter jnttt experienced may materially reduce the yield for the current seaion in certain districts where the cane has suffered from the frosts. It is the more de.siri.ble that ' the semi- tropical industries should flourish in Queensland, as there eeems a doubt whether the colony is as irell adapted for the growth of wbe»t as some of her more southern neighbours. Perionic&I; visitations of rust in wheat occur, and last year caused the almost total failure of tbe crop. Out of 14,999 acres Bown, over 10,000 acres were unproductive. No wonder, iheu, thtt the Government is willing to offer a targe reward for the discovery of au ctfectuil cure for rust. Trust Companies ajid REGisraATiox op Deeds, — We tdke tho following from the Capt Times of Augn»t 31 :— K A Oape Mo-lel Adapted to Australian Uee. — Some time ago a com epon- dent in tbe Sydney 3fontint/ Me ?aid proposed for adoption in tbe colony of Kew South Wales tbe plan so aaccmfnlly pursued s^-,thts Cipe for providing executors uader wilU, trustees under settlements, gairdiins of minors, and general fiduciaries, by means of a Joint-Stock Uoicpauy of au exceptional character. Tfce difficulties in the way of obtaining caiipftent aiitl trustworthy private persons to undertake the responsible and often tn&uklccs; tank of execotoritiip or trusteeship, and the equally great hardships pressing npou saeh executors and trustees from their being uxJa answerable for losses when they derive no advantage from profits, have become every year imre apparent in the sister colony, and, although there might be great public advantage in Government undertaking tbe work, the enonnatw eiteusion of GoverutnfcBt departments is ia itself a danget. For some time there has been a msvemeat in the colony of South Australia to establish a Company rigidly on the Sontb African lines, and althoogh tht novelty was a good de*l agaiuit it, and tbere was only & limited public addressed, because only persona of sabstance and character were wanted to promote the scheme; while the permanence of the adherence require--!, and the certainty that fur some year* no profit could be expected, kept ont all speculative investors. — 3 he Company, we find, has very recently bean floated.' After describing tbe objects of the Company and the meici adopted to carry them oar, the Cape Times adds: — 'Tbe admirable deeds-reg'utry. system ia vogue here has long been envied by other countries, and the Gape of Good Hope may justly feel proud that another of its public itt8*itotio&s; has furnished a model fcr one of the sister colonies,' The colony is no doubt indebted to the Cape of Good Hope for setting the example in the natter of Tra»t Companies, bat Sooth Australian* will not be so ready to acknowledge that they owe their Real Property Act to the South African colony. Oranoro or the Eowiso Ssabos. — The rowing season at Port Adelaide was formally opened on Saturday by a procession of seven boats— six of which belonged to tbe Port Clab and one to tbe Adelaide Bowicg Club. The proceedings were interesting and, on the whole, , buecewful. Monthly contests between the two data are tc tahe ~h.zz rij-dsr!;- throughout the season. IirTEBcoLoifiAt KirLH MatcS.— The retain match between a t«am ot fifteen men selected from the South Australian National tt\da Ano ctation and a team of fifteen from the Perth Metropolitan Bine Association took place on Saturday afternoon, October 9, each party firing od their own range*. Tbe result was iu favour of the Western Australians, who wou by 53 points, their (tore representing 1,433 against the Sooth Anatralhna' 1.386*. Tlie disuacea were 230, 300, and 400 yard*, tea shot, at each range, and Martini- Henry rifles were rued oa both sides. This in tne second victory of tbo IVrtb riflemen over onn, as at tbe match fired on Mtrch SO tbe Western Australian* ?cored 1,349 sgainst onr 1,3-14, winning by 5 points. Our riflemen are cot wont to give such a poor account of themselves, as former nori reeenk scores testify, but there it a certniu shallow comfort in knowing tint on tbis osoision the scoring was not panic nhvrly brilliant on either *i-!e for soch »Wfc rang™, although two P«?rth men- Corporal McGlew, «nj Private Vf. Bell _ each nude 39 out of a rossible 40 points at . 400 yards, while three got up to 88. 8 ngtilarly enough the storing i-t the two shorter rangot was poor, comparatively. The highest any one of enr men mnde at 400 was 37, The scores will be lonnd in another column. PnorassoK Pbpi^u's Ghost.— On S»turday Bight Profe«sor 1'cr.per exhibited hu» world recowncd ghost entertainment at Garner'* Theatre to a larj;e audience, and there c&n; ba no doubt that it will always comannd good lionses. Not only is tbe illnabn cleverly managed, but tho Profesior throw* a rounntio halo ronnd everything, which iuveats the enter* tail ni-nt with more thau ordinary attraction. It if very many years ago m'uee Professor Pepper first electrified peopln with this illusion, but those who saw it on Saturday night mud, to a certain extent, have been disappointed if they bad had the opportunity of comparison with iti presentation at the Ko) a! Polytechnic iu Lojdon. It could not rtascLu' ly be expected that the same elaborate appliances tbe Profcttor had iu London coald be obtained here, and, allowing for all drawback*, tio person who visited Gamer's Theatre ou Saturday night canUl f »il to be struck with the admirable manner ia which the ppectral exhibition was managed and the wonderful effects tJiat «ere produoed. Tha pro gramme opened with the portrayal of the clweical story of 1'ignmlion and GalaU-4, Mi* Violet Eno taking ti'.o part of Galatea and Mr. H. Aba that of Pygunlion. Then followed a nuniber of views ot luagui¢ fctatuary su-l«n hniusbg sketch enticed ''The Barber Worried by Ghosts,' which was greatly enjoyed, 'fisher's Mystery' loaned the leading feature in the second part of the progammr, it being an illustration of haw tho mnrder of Mr. Fi»hcr, of Penritb, New South Wales, w*» dis covered by meiii of 'ghostly viiitors.* This illusion took ip..measely. 'HWicn and mjsferlouB hand sist'hii-g portraits of eminent iiit-n' was shown on the ml!, then ' the dauoiuj skeleton,' crawling liouoas, and lieiutifal rolour changes, and lastly tho spectral sicetch of The Haunted Inn, in Which Violet Kno aa tbe Maidof the Mists«rg very prettily. Altogether the entertainment was worthy of 1'rofeasor Pepper's reputation, the spectacular effects being most successfully produced, und tbo attention of tho audience closely -;agft{ie4 throughout. The «a^ie programme will ha sub mitted to-night. 1'ARilfcBS'Co-OPF.BtTlVB AaBKCY. OoMPAKT. — At a meeting of tbe Directors of this Ojcnpany, which was held on Thursday, it was resolved, in coi.f,rqi;ence of tb« ingtnt request of some of tho breeches of the Forrurrh' Association^ extend the time for reception of applications for shares till November 11. Ttie Secretary was roqueted to inform the branches accordingly, and to state, in n p!y to enquiries, that, as it was not proposed at present to iasuo more thin 50,09.) shires, spplicatio&s; would be dtolt with as far as prac ticable in order of priority in the event of more than that number being applied for. BiZAAn. — There wai an inconveniently largo attendance at the bazaar in the Towu Hill oa Saturday, owing, no doubt, to tbe extra nttrao* tiocs that were presented. Iu the afternoon M. 7\. Meillian, li A., gnvo a n amber of selections on the piano, and received vnry hearty rounds of tpplaose for bis cltvcr playing. Mr. Roberts, 31 tbe Theatre Kojsl, appeared in the evening, ma treated the audieuco tosomeburlenjiio opera singing, for which he was encored. A great deal cif business was done by the ladies, who In 1 great reason to ba a&tisGed; with the quantity of goods iispesed of by them. Wivbix'b AcAne?.rY of Abt. — The attend inr-« at this uucleaa of what ought to be a uaticm&l; institution ia Adelaide, although not large are steady, and tho constant additions to the collection of pkturea make it increasingly attractive. Mr. WireM Lopes to ad-l several rrore oil-paintings by well-known ariUts very eoon, and his just received a quantity of beauti fully photographed groups of flowers on cards, hand- painted. Some of these are remarkably delicate and gract fully gTonpod. The art union is attracting a great number of labscribarj. Thb Health Officbu at PobtPibih.— Two or three weeks ago a letter appeared in the open column of tho keyuUr (says the l'orl Pirie G atctte of October 8) calling attention to what tbe writer considered the too multifarious datiee of tbe local Health Oflicer acd the liability of disease being imported into the colouy through the medium of Port Pirie, where it wa.« alleged insufficient precautions were exercised to prevent its introduction. That letter has excited considerable comment:; bat after having niaoo enquiries upon tbo subject, we hhve come to the conclusion that there is saisl! causa for ahum. The measures adopted at this port are qnite as efficacious as those obUiniug else where, end tbere is little reason to fe»r that M long us 1hey are strictly adhered to any such barm cap happen. A health officer need not nccc»satUy bea mcdirsJ war., as many people appear to suppose ; «ny person of ordinary in telligence can act np to the instrastijns laid fiowr, which are very simple. Ccbiobb Cask.— At tho Circuit Court Civil Sittings, Wagga'Wogga (reports tbe Aryui cor respondent), before Mr. Justice Hargravcs and a Jury of four, a peculiar cose was heari), in which Green, a publican, sued four respectable resi dents of Wagga Wagg* for £2,000 darn igea foe arsan] t and f alee imptisoument. The pUintiif, ul',o is a publican ht Hauging Rock, drevr £793 fr-;iu the Bank, aud it was alleged was going to Ih It to Victoria. Defendants, who were creditors, followed, and next morning before daylight [litLted tbciDstlves behind trees. Grteucvnoout of hia house, and was wrested by two cf the do fetdants, who escorted Green ai prisoner to tba ot f'tr defendants, some distance, one of whom (Mwtn) pointed a pistol and said, 'Piy wnaS trou Oftest.' Green became alarmed, and piiil tbe crtditots in full. He was then released, » iid then brought sn action. There was hard .?wearing on both sidt'i. Tbe Jury, however, sfrrned to justify the action of defen-Unta, ia believing that Green wanted to cross tha Bord r to avoid payment, as cash to the amount of £700 was found on him, and they gave a verdict fcr defendants. Tbe verdict was received with satisfaction by tbe general public. Tub Hcmah Haku Fochd ik MKuurcitxa.— Tbe human band fouu 1 in Flinders-Uue the other day (states the Argua) was inspected by Dr. Charles S. By an. lie considers that i t U tho band of amao, that it wag not amput»tixl, but rotted off, and that it has been preserved in spirits or in some such way for a long time. Ue rfpcrttd the matter to Dr. You! (tho Oity Coroner), and oihibitc.l tho hand to him. Dr. Youl has decided th*t it i« unuecesstrjr foe the police to make any further enquiries, und no icqnest will be held ;i;i'ii tho remains, fiitcnLKD jBWEiLrnT n» Victoria — For »otne time past (remarks the Arrjut) it h&s; beetl kiown that a large (ju amity of jewel'ery was being brontht into the co'ony without piyment of duly, and though a strict lookout was kept by the Cuetoms ofiioers tio clue to tbe smngglers could be obtained. Since Mr. A. T. Clerk has held tbe effico ef Coiuiuitsioutr of Cus'.oins ba has be.cn en the alert to ascertain by whit mean* wahhes, jewellery, Htd other articles were being rlifipofed of wholtsile at a low price, am) yester day, from information received, a seizure of something like £500 worth of imuggltxl jewel lery w»s made from a person who arrived in the colony by tbe steamship John Elder on her last vojsge. Tbe Commissioner, assisted by Dletsn. Goodsjr and Macfarlace, traced the offeuder.snil found a quantity of property npon him and tbo remainder at his place of abode. The whole o£ tbe property was taken to tbe Custom Home, aiid in due course the necessary enquiries 'HI be trade. By to-day's telegrsms it will be seen that the impontor has been mulcted in the penalty of having to cay three times tbo value lit tbe articles seized.] ADBlArDH BltKfcWuWT AHD 8TBAS0W13* Feiejtd Socikit.— Tie annual meeting of the friends of this institution will be held at the Church Office, Leigb-street, thia afternoon. Tha Eon. J. Oolton, Ml1 , will preside. Askivbmaby Sbrvichs.— Anniversary tea and pnblie meetings will be beld tbis evening at tha Hindnmrsb-square Church and - Blent Town ?Weriejan Church. Post Adhlaidb Beawch Bibus Socibtt.— The annual zneetinj of the members of this Society will be beld in the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, this evening; S3T Os Sale— Colonial Bottled Bern, clofeljr membllng a Ugnt &nglUh; alo— a very pleasant and «faok*ome summer drink, imported unadulterated. 'WiccB and Spirits of ih-. Heat Quality. Uoud Bound Colonial Vflatn, (ram 3*. a gulon and Us. per doz. Cigar*, fee. Private fusilles only wppUed. PhlUlp tca 2rctfc:r»p, WiM »i '-.''rU Merchant*. n~'*«m. street. Mbufflv 