THE STORY-TELLER. . r . X_V ' : RALPH MONK. By Miss ,E. Alan Kelly. ; Authoress of- "Hampton Court," &c.; ) Chapter XH. He advanced a step or two, which was unheard on the soft woof of pale grey and rose coloured Turkey carpet. Bona stood near the French window, through which a thin band of sunlight streamed. Her hands were clasped before her, and hanging the full length of her graceful arms, the sun flecks fell with brightness over the cascade of natural curls falling in a sort of loose knot at the back of her head, but there was a look on the sweet miynonne face and in the eyes ' like forget-me- not, that no sunshine could make glad. A new "trouble had fallen on her. The even tenor of her life was broken up by the knowledge that Ralph was going away. She is thinking of Ralph at this moment — thinking alas! of all that he had been to her. She were a pale violet morning dress, trimmed with broad bauds of quilted satiu of the same colour, rich lace ruffles encircled her i hroat and wrists, and from the edge of iier skirt peeped the toes of her scariet satin slippers. This sight never faded from Ralph's mind. Ill all his after life lie remembered i her as she looks this day standing in this room with the wintry sunlight shining over her. He als i saw how unalterable were his feelings for her. But he was a true man still, and she was not surprised to see him ; he was so completely part and parcel of her thoughts. , A world of tender beauty swept over her face, as she advanced to meet him, and a strange brilliancy lighted up her ! eyes. j . Ah, those eyes were rare story- tellers. | As his hands clasped hers, she felt a sober reality in his presence that seemed : to interpose for a time between the strange j feeling of l-egret with wliich .she had been j battling. j Ralph was going away. It was coming j so close now that it was rather hard to be j philosophies over it. i But what is more noticeable than any i other expression is this look of unutterable j joy which overs : cads her face, having its j origin in !. many intricate sources for it j to be analysed at a glance. I Dear Ralph, though .he is only a friend, j yet 110 friend could ever come and till his | place. When she looks up info his face, j she roads there the painful intelligence — too plain to bo misunderstood — and her heart aches. "You are going Ralph — going away," are the first words she speaks. The last two words are singularly plaintive in tone. Ralph had anticipated regrets, politely enough uttered perhaps, but not the short simply spoken words, accompanied by the wistful look that came up to liim out of the blue ilower-like eyes. " Yes ; I am going to-morrow," re plies Ralph slowly, only half looking at her for an instant. "To-morrow," repeats Bona in a dreary voice. " Yes," says Ralph, with a quiet kind ness in his grave voice ; and in the same way that one would lead a child, he led her to the couch by the fire, aud sat down beside her. She had counted upon the time when this seat beside her would be vacant — and that time had come. After a while, she steadies herself, and with a patient face and manner listens to Ralph's talk about I going away. All plans for the future. Ralph was exerting himself to elevate ! t£e tone of her mind, and brighten her j thoughts, but tlie sad lines about her : mouth would not go, neither would her j hrow unbend, or her eyes light up with ; the old pleased sparkle. And sometimes, I instead of dwelling on tiie future, their j talk wandered back where associations j were sweet and strong, and many a sor- ; rowful word of recognition was given to the old familiar events and places that had now passed under, a hazy veil. It seemed so long ago, and everything was so dif ferent. Bona looks lovingly back, and vaguely envies her old self. There was life and happiness about' the past ; now there is a terrible hush of sorrow and loneliness ; the world is tilled with a great gloom and awful stillness. She sits with her hands clasped listlessly in her lap, hearing ; Ralph's words, but scarce comprehending i the meaning of them. j Ralph seemed to speak differently, and was kinder than usual. "I have brought you this," said he, ' taking out of his pocket a morocco jewel- case, which he opened, and lifting up a j massive gold bracelet, lie touched a spring in the round solid-looking nob on the top, which tuniecL.back, _and. disclosed a por trait of himself. Bona does not speak as he clasps the jewel on her arm. " It is a niomento of the present, con tinues lie, "the photo, will fade— like as will the memory of the giver and he looks up into her face with a quick glance and his own peculiar smile of beauty, though lie was uttering unjust words. "Ho, 110 Ralph," said Bona, shaking her. head in her old childish way ; " your me mory shall not fade out of my mind. " It would be better that way," said lie, smiling sadly, and his glance rests on a portrait case which is lying open on the table near. He lifts-it up andgaze3 atten tively at' the faded .picture (taken. 011 glass). It was the portrait of a man's face, so fair that no amount of fading could nWitnratn its heautv. The Scotch cap sat jauntily on the short crisp cutis -of his- hair ; silken 'moustaches and speaking eyes that seemed to talk from out this shadow on the glass. Haughty wilful and lordly; is this pictured face ; no one could deny, , truthfully, that this face was a noble one ; a face to beloved by women fond of the. purely beautiful. : . : j "This is Gordon Huntly," said Bona,, rising and standing- beside Ralph who; gazes steadily at the pictured face ; ' 'I found it in an old oabinet— Mrs Francis tolcUme' /who it- was— Richard has-notseen ;it yet, as I only discovered .it yesterday/' " And that is -Gordon Huntly's face,'' manners ; Ralph in an undertone, as he Ant the case as if to' hide away the sight of those laughing witty eyes that seemed to search with scorn his very soul. An hour had gone, and Mr Morton did not return. Bona said lie was at the WA- Ralph said he would go there and see him, though Bona pleadingly begs he shaU stay this last evening, he steadily refuses, and after a short pause he rises. _ Bona has gone to her work table and taken out a small, square, carved sandal wood b'-x. The box contained a Bible and portraits of Bona and her husband. " I did not know what to get," said she, as she places the box and its' contents in Ralph's hand, and she adds something in a low tone about haying the portraits doue for him, evidently no expense had been spared in mounting the pictures which were beautifully painted on ivory, and superbly framed in velvet and gold. " I had not a likeness of you — and you have just given me what I shall prize most — but there is another thing,'" and he pauses without raising his eyes from the portraits. " What is it Ralph ?" she said looking up into his face. " Will you give your old friend one of these ?" and lie tenderly touches the. twin ing rings of golden liaiv that rises rebel- liously round her shapely head. Her eye3 were brave and steady as she turns without a. word, and going to her table she takes from an ivory work-case a pair ©t tiny golden scissors, and severed ©ne of tlie curls which she handed to liim. He takes is as silently as she gives it, and places it reverently between the leaves of the little Bible." There is a haunted, desperate feeling in his heart at this moment, but his face is as calm as eveiR Bona stands holding the scissors while Ralph is replacing the contents of the sandal wood casket. She is trying (with but poor success) to persuade herself that Mr Morton's presence would have been no barrier to this dum demonstration of feeling between Ralph and herself. Bona would have made a most miserable sinner. Nevertheless she could command herself under the excitement of the mo ment, and while tlie ghost of a smile hovered round the comers of her mouth she said, " Ralph, I should like some of your hair." She paused, and very nearly burst into tears, then she resumed, pleadingly, as a child would do I should like it so very much — far better than tlie bracelet, for it is a piece of .yourself." j There She had spoken it out, and Ralph sat down oil the couch and covered j his face with his hands as he groaned aloud, j Oh ' Ralph, 1 am so sorry," she mur- | mtii's with quivering lips, fast forgetting | everything hut love and pity. ' Yes, you shall have it," said he, speaking in a husky tone, and turning to her with a white face, " There is nothing like hair, though I have heard it is luckless. Now, where shall I take it ?" The luck is gone long since — and take it from wherever you please — all if you like." " All I' that would never do. Fancy you going out into the cold world shorn of all this glorious hair," and she passes her hand caressingly over the short, purple- black mass 's of hair that covered his head. " Appearances are nothing to me now," he replied sadly, " I feellchabod from the topmost hair down to my very toes." She makes no reply as she bends over his head, cuts off a strong thick curl that twines up quicklyr round her fingers. As she removed the curl, one of her soft hands accidentally touched his fore- bead. At this touch a strange little sound, half moan, half cry, rose from his over loaded heart, and he suddenly starts to his ieer, his face glowing, and his eyes blaziug with a lurid glare like some wild beast at bay. " Ralph," exclaims Bona, as she af- friglitediy moves back, and glancing up at ! his face, she presses her hands almost | convulsively' together. A great terror is ' noon her, and her heart is beating like a i frightened bird. To ee Continued. 