THE KELLY GANG. THE following is a portion of the personal narrative (published in thc Argus) of a gentle- man who went in the special train with the Police to Benalla : Just before daybreak Senior-constable Kelly came up the platform from the east end, and told ns that he had been making a wide tour round the house, and that on the top , of the range he bad foUnd. a quilted. «kuli cap and ¡a rifle near a large pool, bf blopd, . He at once came to the conoJueipn-,that tfip,out- laws, or some of them, had ejçappd, especially as there 'bad been no .firing] from tbe^hotel for over an hour and lia|f. DaybgirLcameatW, and with it Sergeant,- Steele ¿n^ fiis menfrom Wangaratta, lliey st once jo«ied"the other police, ant considerably strengthened the cordon aroojid;tbe,iw, ..;.|AjidfiH)w occurred tho most sensational, .event of the day. Wo .'Were wattling the attapk frpm:4Jre,ieai of the Station atijtpe west end, when, soddenly we 'noticed ;ope ot twp of the tnen/m the extreme right, with their backs 'turned, ,4p;;thi , houj, firing at something in. the bush. Presently we noticed à very tall figure ih white slaThing slowly along in the direction ? of the' hotel. There I was no head rîtiblèV lahd in the dim light of morning, with tho steam raising .from i the ground, it looked for' all' the world like thc ghost .of Hamlet's father with no lead, only a Very long .thick neck. Those who some time, and I was too intent in watchiqgits movements to point it out'to others. ''The figure continued gradually to advance, stop- ing every now and then, and moving what looked like its headless neck slowly jnd mechanically lound, and then raising ono í to a log, and aiming and firing a revo Shot pftcr shot was fired at it, but wi effect, thc figure generally replying by t tho butt cm", of IHB revolver "gainst its thc blows ringing ont with the clearness and distinctness of a bell in thc morning air. It was thc most extraordinary sight lever sa« or read of in my life, ami I felt fairljfspellbound with wonder, snd I could uot stir or speak. IVcscntly thc figure moved towards a dip in thc ground near to Rome white dead timber, and, more men coining up, the firing got warmer. Still the figure kept erect, tapping its neck and using its wcapou on its assailants. At this moment I noticed a man in a small rnnnd tweed hit stealing up on the left of thc figure, and when within aliont 30 paces of it tiring low two shots in quick succession. Tho figure staggered and reeled like a drunken man, and in a few "momenta after- wards fell near the délai timber. The spell was then l>roken,;'an(|.;'we ¡all rushed forward to see Wiro «n4' what our ghostly antagonist waa. - 'Quieter' thia'-I can write it we wore anon bim t the iron mask was torn off, and there in the broad light of day, were thc features of the veritable blood- thirsty Ked Kelly himself. Wc soon strippod htm of his armour and carried him to the station, and placed him on a bunk in one ol the rooms. Be complained very much of cold feet, and we filled * kerosene tin with water, made it hot, and placed it to them, having previously «ut off bia boots. He fainted once or twice, nut ottered nd word of complaint about his wounds, J bad several conversations with him, as .he wai hunted like a dog, and ' could get no reit, and didn't care a-what became, of him. I asked him whit tbs . armour bunnan meant, and he said he in- tended tonight it ont, and " paste as many of of ton trsvps aa he could before they had him. His idjÄfcai to barricade the hotel, and fight thron^Etbe windows, and for that reason he haJMnly got armour made for the upper parut hit body. He told me Beveral times thar^Broe, Dan Kelly, and Hart had escaped, and nat the only people in the hotel were those they had stuck-up. This, of course, was a lie, and what his object was in telling it it is difficult to say. He was dressed in the dandy bushman style-yellow cord pants, strapped with slate crossed-barred pattern cloth, riding boots, with very thin soles, and very high heels indeed ; white Crimean shirt with large black spots; waistcoat Bamo material aa trousers ; hair jet black, inclined to curl; reddish beard and moustache, and very heavy black eyebrows-altogether a fine -figure of & man, the only bad part about his face being his mouth, which is a wicked and cruel one. The doctor, who had arrived from Benalla, now dressed his wounds, and he turned round on his side and dozed off as calmly as if nothing had happened. I left Kelly and went outside, when I heard the police giving the remaining members of the gang and all who were in thc inn their last warning. I don't know who it was called ont, but these were tho words, '.'AU those inside there had better ' surrender at once ; we . will give you ten minutes to do so ; after that time we shall . fire volleys into the house." ' Instantly a white handkerchief was seen to wave from the doorway, and at the same moment some twenty-five persons rushed out towards the police line with their hands hold high up above their, heads. They rushed towards ns, crying ont in piteous accents, "Don't .fire ! for.God's sake, don't shoot us ; don't, pray don't I" They were here ordered to'liedown, which they obeyed at once, all falling flat on their stomachs, with their hands still in the air. It was a remarkable scene, ;jand the.faces pf fhe poor fellows were blanched with tear, and some_of them looked as if they were out of .their minds. -The police passed them* one'by one, .incase any ofthe outlaws should bc-amongst tho crowd. They hand- cuffed two young fellows named' M'Auliffe, cfctnown as active, sympathisers with tho out- laws, and the rest were set free. The ten minutes' grace being up, the police .commenced îio fake the hotel, in which I joined. ' From "Gast,1 West,' north, and south, wo poured in volley after volley, and yet no sign of sur- render; We learned from those who left the house that' Byrne was dead ; that he bad died leaning over a bag of flour, reaching for a 'Cottle'örwnisky at the bar ; that a ball had struck him in the abdomen, and that thc blood spurted out like a fountain, and that be fell dead without a . groan. We also beard that Dan Kelly and Hart were standing side by side in the passage between the two huts, looking cowed and dispirited, without the slightest sign of fight left in them. In fact, ; as one informant said, they looked ' for all the .wOTjId like two condemned criminals on tho drop waiting for the bolt to be drawn.' At a quarter to three o'clock a sharp rattle of rifles was heard, and a man was seen ad- vancing from tbs west end of the house with a large pile of straw, which he placed against the weatherboards and lighted. The flaues quickly ran np tits aide of the house and caught the canvas ceiling. In about ten minutes the whole of the roof was in a blaze. Just at this moment á jiriest was seen going ap quickly to the front of the house. The crowd closed Sn after him, and in a few moments the door Was burst open. Four men tanned in, and soon reappeared, dragging out the body of Byrne, who still wore iiii breastplate.- He had a number of ringa on lids nanda, land had boots made af ter the style .of'-NBd Kelly's. In the meantime, the un .fortanaks man Cherry, who waa wounded to, death, waa'drawn out at the back of the boase, and the priest anointed him, and1 in a' -few momenta >alter 'be calmly'passed "away. .Th» bodies'ot Dan 'Kelly and Hart could now lbs plainly seen- amongst the flames, lying inesrly at right angles to each other, their '(iron drawn npiaad their knees bent, and I feel perfectly certain that they were'dead long before the house, was fired. Mrs. Slollian end 'Kate Kelly stood at the railway .gates watching the inn burning, and when 'the debarred "remains of their 'brother were brought ?out howled loudly and lustily over'the -blackened bones. \- I am «ure Hart and Dan Rolly did not shoot themselves. When the twenty-five prisoners Jeft the inn they told ns the outlaws were still ialive, and there was no shot fired from thc outside, or inside the hotel again. My iden is ; that thoy stood together until the one was »hot, and then when the other received his jquietus he fell by tho side of his mate. The j dog, it must be remembered, was killed, too, by the bullets from outside. 