the one swallow and the SUMMER IT MAKES; OE, THE SUICIDE OF THE STARGAZERS. BY PEUTETRE. [The scientists cuckoo cry—The M.D.'s letter with his wife's best respects—The advantages of false history—A Latin name pat back into its native Polish—How the Pope held bis razor to the Pole's throat, and forced him to commit astronomy, and how Protestants tell the horrifying tale.] WHEN any phrase, or party watchword or opinion, is repeated with undiscerning frequency, we often call it a cuckoo cry. There are some who have a cuckoo cry with which they afflict our weary ears, and that cuckoo cry is Galileo, Galileo, Galileo—look at Galileo: see what the Romish Church did to Galileo: behold how he was flayed alive; and then had his ankles smashed in the iron screw boot; and his thumbs wrenched off, and his nose rasped down flat to his cheeks, and his tongue cut out, and his eyes—ah! doleful doom—his poor eyes burned in his head, and all because the Romish Church hates science. Alas ! poor Galileo, poor Galileo, poor Galileo. Such, in few words, is -the burden of a novel I was lazily turning over, when the postman favoured me with a call, and handed me a newspaper from a lady in a neighbouring colony, containing a letter written by her husband, and signed, " An Old Colonist." After reading it, I sat a long while musing over the probable future of Catholics in a colony where they were far outnumbered by a Protestant population all as ignorant of history as the writer of the letter sent me by his wife, and all inflamed with a detestation of the Catholic religion, based on fierce prejudices, the rank growth of confused, false history. Protestantism is a falsification of history. Their history book tells them that things are one way. Truth, if they had it, would show that things were not in their way, but in quite another way, and through their false history they abhor what they shonld love. True history is cast out of all their State schools. Great facts are omitted from their school history. Omission is falsification. What is to become of Catholics if they read only State school history ? They cannot long remain faithful to their Church, their religion, and their God. They would become afraid of the Protestant false history, and know not what to reply to it. Next, they would be tempted to accept false Protestant history as true. The foundations thus shaken, and the fabric falls. The Old Colonist, whose wife sent me the newspaper, was a professional gentleman, and had studied under one of the ablest lecturers in England—Sir Astley Cooper. He had travelled, and voyaged, and seen a great deal of the world. He owned a large property, and was in the commission of the peace. He had a well-stocked bookcase, was an agreeable companion, played a good game of chess, was a good horseman, a good shot, a good host, and a good friend. Like many professional men who write M.D. after their name, he had a great mechanical genius, which he turned to good, practical Account. In religion he was an Anglican, rather of the old high and dry school, with the usual antipathy to " novelties;"' Puseyism and Tractarianism being his standing bugbears. He went to church every Sunday, being the churchwarden, and example expected. He had given the ground on which the church was built, and then, to his horror, the bishop appointed a young Oxford man to the new and pretty bush church ; a young minister just come out, who preached baptismal regeneration and wore his surplice In the pulpit, which meant " Popery in disguise." The only consolation in such a calamity, was that the young Oxford man was a bachelor, and our M.D. had a daughter of 19 who sang in church, and a clerial son-in-law, even though tainted with High Church fantastics, might be an endurable misfortune. The lady wife of our Old Colonist who sent me the newspaper, as already mentioned, was also an Anglican, but rather of the Olney hymnbook school, a species of Evangelicalism now, I think, all but extinct; It was not loud, noisy, fussy Evangelicalism, but deep and earnest, and quite as anti-Catholic as the moFt demonstrative Exeter Hallism. This lady once told me in a letter " that she hated Romanism" more than anything in the world, and I certainly believed her, though I told her in reply that she couldn't hate itjhalf so much as the devil hated it, and for Jfe self-same reason. She wanted to know mat this reason was, and I replied, •Find out." I am, I assure you, exvemely polite to ladies, as you shall see Iresently. She was very well educated, Ind out of D'Aubigne had further adulated herself into a lady-like no-p'opery tiania. She was one of the best husvand managers I ever watched. He was llmost oyer-energetic, with a gingery touch of'temperament; but Bhe managed him with a calm adroitness and self-possessed serenity very interesting to' witness.. 'And she had her reward. He said he didn't profess to.be a relioious man, " bat his wife had religion enough for both of them," and I in 20 years, I believe,:'there never was a ww in the house." In all matters relating to herself he was An optimist. He ™ the bept of everything—the best horse, the best cabbages, tbie best children, the best grapes, the best gun, the' best cigars, and the bast wife in the colony. • And she wias happy that he thought so. Why not P Is not a cheerful home worthan effort.? .She made we effort, and it paid. When lie came in trom business, she made him fed by her manner that he was welcome. After tea there was music and singing, and then she mixed him his glass of brandy and water, and brought him his figar-bor, in suoh a quiet but confidential way, and listened and replied to the gossip he brought home from town, and glanoed such smiling glances from her dark brown eyes, that her parlour breathed the very atmosphere of domestic enjoyment. And this husband had written a letter to the Slank Colonial Universal Rectifier, and the Universal Rectifier published his letter, and his wife sent a copy of the paper to me," with her kind regards, in a short note telling me it was a nut for me to crack. Evidently she thought I should break my teeth on it, if I tried it with my teeth. But there happened to be cassoignettes on the table at dessert that day, and I had no need to try my teeth upon her bard nut. I had a pair of historic nut-crackers at hand, and I made quick work with her filbert. Now you will wish to know what was in the letter, but I can only reveal the secret to ladies; and therefore every "gent" must leave the room, especially every "gent" as calls me bilious, and rancorous, and dictatorial, and such like epitaphs, which I never see in no catechism. And now, dear ladies, that we have got rid of all the mankind, pull your chairs close to the fire and listen. The letter was about KOPEBNHJ. No, bless your lovely faces, no; not a word did it contain about the new style of bonnet, or the fashions. No. It was about Kopernig. Tou don't know! No; I thought you wouldn't; and that was the reason why I wanted all the mankind off the premises, for I never like to expose or make little of the superior sex in presence of the brute creation. I thought, dear ladies, you wouldn't know about Kopernig; and as the inferior animals are out of the apartment, and most of you have matriculated at the Melbourne University, or, at least, passed the litlle-go of the Civil Service, I will put the name into Latin for you, and then you'll all know it. Kopernig is a Polish name, and was borne by a very learned student at the University of Cracow, where he took his diploma as M.D., and afterwards became a priest, and a great astronomer, well known, or, at least, much talked about as C0PEBNICUS. Oh! you know all about Copernicus, do you? How came it then that not one beauty among fifty of you knew Kopernig until I put him into Latin for you. Copernicus is Kopernig, and Kopernig is Copernicus, but without carrying your examination any further, dear ladies, I will return to my " Old Colonist." From the first glance at his letter, sent to me by his lady wife, I saw that he was as well up in his Protestant history as Protestants generally are in their false history, or that, in reality, he was as well acquainted with the true history of the great clerical astronomer as any kangaroo upon one of his own runs. He had built up a temple of fiction about Copernicus in his own mind, in which, however flimsy its architecture, he worshipped his false system with as much sense of security as the Phillistines of old adored their god Dagon at the very moment his temple was about to fall in and bury them in its ruins. Protestantism is built on false history, or on history falsified through educational prejudice. There is no danger of the Catholic who is a good historian and reads history in its true light. The battle between Catholicity and Protestantism is a dispute about facts as recorded in ancient writings. Is it any wonder, then, that Catholic history should be excluded from our State schools ? Only falsified history is taught in the " State schools" in Belgium, Ireland, Prussia, and Victoria. Facts are left out to avoid the train of thought, and the discussions they might excite. Half facts are virtually false facts, and facts half recorded are falsely recorded. Protestants at school, and at their parents' table, and in sermons, and in lectures, and plays, and in magazines, and reviews, and newspapers, hear only, and are grounded in, their half facts, and thus grow up with false views of all things Catholic. All we can dp is to pick their false history to pieces, and disentangle the true from the counterfeit, and then hold fast and faster to the sound, exact, solid facts which are always on our side and in our favour. My friend, the '" Old Colonist," among many other •things, stated: "That the Romish Church had ever shown herself as the enemy of science, and had exhibited her animosity towards all useful studies by the tortures she had inflicted on Galileo and on Copernicus." Now, the mere placing'of Galileo's name before the name of Copernicus at once raised the suspicion in my mind that my friend -was no better acquainted with the .history of Copernicus or of Galileo,than any .one pf his own -farm servants or .shepherds, or boatmen, or millers. I had, seen his bookcase, and remembered the well-bound array of volumes it presented, and I had supposed it possible that he had gone more carefully into the accounts of Copernicus and Galileo than some others. , But it struck me, from the mere . position in whichthetwo nameB stood to each other .in his printed letter, that his acquaintance with Copernicus .and Galileo was as defective and as erroneous ;'as the cpmmon herd of Protestant "M-IX's; ; an&ihen.; I fell into, a. long train of gloomy 'meditations on the i tyrant consequences to .the youthful generation' of Catholics growing up in the mldst of an insolent majority of fellow-citieens alTrendered unjust to. us,, and arbitrary and despotic by their far worse than barbarian ignoranoe of true history.'' Football is an excellent thing •in its way, tmfc if every athletio yonng Catholic gave only one' hour a tceek to the perusal of history as earnestly aa he givesan afternoon to football, we would then be fortified against a great coming evil which threatens us. Copernicus, as he is commonly called, has had his name attached to the planetary system which makes the sun its centre. • This is the so-called Coperniean system. The name of Galileo is intimately connected with the astronomy of this solar system. But Galileo took up the ideas and books of Copernicus, and worked them out to mathematical demonstration, which has been confirmed by our own great astronomer and mathematician, Sir Isaac Newton. In working out the calculations by which the Coperniean system has been (substantially) verified, Galileo said and wrote some things which involved him with the highest court of judicature in Europe— the Supreme Court of Inquiry and Award at Rome, generally known and then nrreatly esteemed and respected as the Roman Inquisition. The best way to put down falsehood is to Btate the truth. The most effective method for correcting false history is to write the true history. This I propose to do in regard to Copernicus and Galileo, briefly, but as clearly as I can. There have been (literally) a whole waggon-load of volumes written about Galileo and the Inquisition. Every country in Europe has its lives of this very illustrious philosopher, who was so wonderfully endowed with mental gifts, and whose attainments were so manifold and so eminent. I do not propose to deal with this vexed question in any but a popular manner. I do not propose to quote the documents we have at full length. I only undertake to make his case intelligible to myself, in the hope of making it also sufficiently intelligible to my esteemed young readers. When we know the simple truth we cannot be abashed by falsehood, however audaciously asserted. Many young Catholics are thrown daily among ignorant Protestants ready to scoff and ridicule our religion. As regards our doctrines, it is in general better to avoid all argument, and repel their scoffs and taunts and jeers with a good-humoured smile or pleasant remark. But, if a historic fact is brought up, it is well to be able to deny it or to set it right. This always has a good effect, as it makes our foes doubtful of their own position. True history is our strength and our sword. The Freethought people are always cawing about Galileo. When one jackdaw caws, the whole rookery follows, and the caw goes round in an aggravated chorus of discordant screams and chatters, of which only jackdaws can tell the meaning. In MacMillan for January, 1872, or 1873 (I think), I took up a leading article, No. 1, on Galileo, and in that one article I counted, and figured the count on the margin, of no less than 72 falsifications of Galileo's trial and sentence, and this leading article was written by one who affixed the scholastic characters M.A. to his name. Seventy-two falsifications of history and inference- in one leading article wasn't bad, was it, for one M.A. P It was the opening article in the January number of MacMillan for that year. Now, to get at the story of Galileo, it is absolutely necessary to go first through the story of Copernicus, who was born in Prussia, January, 1473, and died at Frauenberg, June, 1543,' aged seventy years, having lived through the pontificates of nine Popes, namely, of Sixtus IV., Innocent VIII., Alexander VI., Pius III., Julius II., Leo X., Adrian VI., Clement VII., and Paul III. He received his first instruction at the Grammar School of his native town, and a neighbouring monastery. He then went to the University of Cracow, where he studied medicine and took his diploma as M.D. He then, in 1500, went to Italy and placed himself under the learned Professor of Mathematics, Dominecbino Maria, in the University of Bologna. Ho had, doubtless, read Cardinal de Cuaa's book, Be docia Igiwrastia, " On Learned Ignorance," andwas familiar with the history of astronomy both before and after Ptolemy of Egypt, who contradicted the theory of Pythagoras, and of Hipparchus (B.C.), and made his theory popular. Pythagoras and Hipparchus both held a theory of the earth's motion and the sun'a rest. At Rome, ,in A.D.. 470, Martianus Capella taught that the planets Mars and Venus moved round the sun. About 1400 a learned priest, De Cusa, taught the same thing, and afterwards presented a treatise to the Council of Basle "on the Calendar," and was made a, cardinal by Pope Nicolas V., who was a patron of astronomers. the theory of .the earth' s proper motion, and "became confirmed in his belief that the ancient Pythagorean theory was right, and Ptolemy'stheory,propoundedinA.D. 250, was •wrong. The professorship of mathematics falling .-vacant in the college at Rome, Kopernig was invited to accept it, and went up from Bologna to Rome with a high reputation. At .Rome he inade many friends tjoth.by his great talents and his agreeable manners. : In his college lectures to his 'npils he made frequent mention of S tartianus Capella and others.who held -the opinion that the planets moved round the,sun, and at length Kopernig (Copernicus) came to the'clearest perception, of the astronomical fapt that the sun was the centra of OIK system, and that the eaitfh and ^tl^.glanete fcnoyra to ns moved round the .son, ihough the son 4id not stand still, but revblved^'roQnd h^s own axis.'' This discoveiy, or.,thirty years of inatheffiaHcaTaad arifhabrok," whichwM .suM&juentiy; 'ipifefelpbrated Jiy' the nrogBedings1n r ttfe&aa;)bf Galileo, entitled \De - Sevolittionxb\ .CtOeiUm, which lie .^eiiwted;, 1^)^ Paul 'tH.,, wh? Wa8 much gwitifie compliment, anureoommehdea CoJ> tpke holy orders,.BO . that tie leisure "to porsne his '" establish the correctness of his theory. Shortly after,- having prepared himself, Copernicus received ordination at Rome, and, with valuable presents from the Pope, he returned to Germany, where he was honourably received by his uncle, who was Bishop of Ermeland (a diocese lately favoured by the apparition of the Holy Virgin), and was appointed to the canonry of Frauenberg. Here he continued his astronomical observations, having a small observatory put up foe himself on the tower of his church. He divided his day into three parts, giving eight hours to sleep and meals, eight more to his priestly duties and to the poor and sick, visiting them gratis at their homes, and supplying them with medicines and food. The other eight he gave to his studies. In the dedication of his book on the " Motions of the Heavenly Bodies" to the Pope, he told the Sovereign Pontiff that he had written his work and kept it by him more than 20 years that he might reconsider its propositions and revise its reasonings. He re-wrote the book at Frauenberg and sent it to the press. He carefully corrected the sheets as they were struck off, and at length, in May, 1543, he received the news that his great work was completed, and a bound copy would be sent to him in a few days. But ho was not to enjoy the honours which his astronomical labours had won. He was seized with a severe illness, and death was fast approaching. He lived long enough, however, to see his book in its finished state, for a copy arrived at his house from Nurenberg a few hours before his departure. They brought the new book to his bedside and placed it in his hands. He was able to express his satisfaction at the style ia which the volume was got up, and turned over some of the pages; but, this done, he laid the book down, and shortly afterwards Copernicus passed away. Now, there are several points in this brief sketch of Kopernig's life which cannot fail to strike the Catholic reader. 1st. That 400 years ago Rome was regarded by all students who sought to distinguish themselves as the very focus and central dispensary where the highest rewards of scholastic merit awaited them. All the master minds, all the nobly ambitious among the literati of those times, turned towards Rome, the seat of the Sovereign Pontiff, as the most appreciative shrine at which to offer their intellectual treasures or to perfect them in all knowledge. 2nd. We must be impressed by the encouragement offered to Copernicus: that the results of his astronomical investigations gave no offence to canon or cardinal or pope, but, on the contrary, elicited their warmest approbation. 3rd. We learn that the idea of planetary motion round the sun was not a new, but an old idea. It was held by the astronomers of Greece before Christ, was upheld all along, in spite of the Egyptian Ptolemy's theory, by individual mathematicians and clerics, to the time of Capella, who taught it at Rome, 470, and onwards still to the age of Cardinal de Cusa and Copernicus, who also publicly affirmed the doctrine at Rome when professor in one of the Pope's colleges. 4th. The truth of history teaches that the reigning Pope did not at all frown on the theory of Copernicus when he said that not only Mars and Venus', but also our earth and all our planets, moved round the sun. This was the grand theory of Copernicus from 1500 on to 1543. All this time he was pondering over this great problem, wrote his book upon it called " The Motions of the Heavenly Bodies," dedicated this book to the Pope, who thanked him for so doing, and advised the learned astronomer to go and learn a little theology, and become a priest, and then devote himself to the working out of the proofs of his system. He, the Pope, would protect him in his work, and esteem him very highly. 5th. As a matter of fact, I have read that the Pope made Copernicus a handsome douceur in money, and paid part of the cost of. the publication of his bool£ 6tb. He died honoured and applauded by all the most learned astronomers of Europe, and retained the friendship of many cardinals to the last. Knowing all this, and a good' deal more than this, any esteemed reader may easily imagine with what sublime pity I spelled my way through a letter from my friend the M.D., who wrote in a newspaper in a neighbouring colony under the signature of " An Old Colonist," in which printed and, published letter his coupled the names of Galileo a*nd Copernictis together as wretched sufferers who had beeh " tortured, and mangled, and racked to death by the popes and the Inquisition ! !! " Copernicus tortured! Copernicus racked !1 Copernicus starved to death in a dungeon underground!!! Such is Protestant histprpjj and this history the M.D. and .'neighbouring Old Colonist's wife sent to me as a sufficient reason for "hating tny religion!^ 1!' What .are we to say to such letters anjl such Old Colonist's history ? The jjopes-^-- seven of them: certainly six of them, innst have been fully'aware of what popermcus believed about bur- solar system. A pope allowed Copernicus to be invited to Rome as a mathematical professor. Cardinals dis- the loss of their eyes, and limbs, and life, by the Pope and the Inquisition!!! Copernicus was honoured, respected, esteemed, applauded, rewarded, patronised, subsidised by the Pope, and never, had. anything to do <withthe Inquisition Yet the almost uni- Tersal belief among Protestants is that Copernicus was one of their "martyrs to science,"astheyabgurdly calithem. Yousee, then, my gentle reader, how the case stands. This Very Rev. Canon Nicolas Kopernig, mostly known as Copernicus, was the first to proveinmodern times—that is, since Ptolemy, the Egyptian, about A.B. 250-270, that all our planets, and our own . particular planet, move round the sun, thus confuting the theory of Ptolemy, who taught that the sun moved round our earth. In this theory Copernicus was perfectly right; the earth and all our planets move round the sun. True, quite true; yet Copernicus was wrong in one most important particular. He held that the planets of our solar system moved round the sun in a circle. It was subsequently proved by Galileo that the planets do not move in a regular circle, but in an oval or ellipse; not in an O but in a O form, or orbit, or track. Then it was only Galileo who was persecuted, and tortured, and had his eyes torn out, and his limbs shattered with the rack, and chained and left to die among the rats down 1500 feet below the surface of the street. Bosh and babblement and stuff, my esteemed reader. Not your bosh nor your balderdash, my amiable reader, but Protestant bosh, Protestant stuff, Protestant humbug, Protestant babble, Protestant falsification of history, Protestant superstition planted in them during the soft, plastic season, and cherished as children cherish the ghost creed. Did you ever meet a child who had no faith in ghosts ? No; and you never met a Protestant who doesn't believe that Copernicus or Galileo, or both, or some one, was racked and tortured and had three or four or five of his legs and arms cut off, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, with rusty chains galling his withered legs, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, and pined to death in a dark, deep dungeon, &c.;, &c.;, &e.; Remember, however, that Canon Kopernig died 21 years before Galileo was bom, for he died in May, 1643, and Galileo was born in, February, 1564, when our vestal Queen Elizabeth was about 30 years of age and in the 6th year of her reign. 13th July, 1880. 