OUR HOME LETTER. rFrom oar Special Correspondent.} Londofi, October 8. THE "WOOL BALES. Trade is reported to be quiet in Yorkshire, in consequence of manufacturers holding out for higher prices proportioned to the rise they have had to submit to at the late wool sales. Buyers are very unwilling to give them, as Continental goods are being pressed more and more, not only.on foreign but on our home markets. That Continental spinners and manufacturers can afford to pay better prices for their raw material is again proved by the enormous purchases they have made at the late sales. The Economist obtained returns from all the principal wool brokers which show that fully 55 per cent, of the total quantity disposed of was destined for abroad. There were in all nearly a quarter of a million bales put up, and of these 138,000 bales were sold on foreign account, while only 111,000 bales were kept in the country. With one exception this is the highest propor ton of foreign buying there has yet been. At the May - June sales the respective rates were 5If per cent, foreign, and 45J home. In the February series they were 49J foreign, and 50f home. In the ' December series of laBt year the home buying represented 59| per cent, of the whole, and the foreign only 40f per cent.; but in the Sep tember series the foreign buyers had the lion's share, namely, 57£ per cent., against 42| per cent, reserved for homo use. The Economist surmises very plausibly that in September home buyers are less keen' competitors, because they have then the home clip at their command, and find it cheaper. At the fourth series they buy more freely, and the foreigners having supplied themselves liberally in September are less eager competitors. The last series was an exceptional case of home buyers being in the field before the foreigners and making better termB. The wool sold in the first fortnight was at least 5 per cent, cheaper than the closing rates, and yet the buyers find it too dear for them. THB COURT. Her Majesty is evidently in robust health, and as much in love as ever with her Highland home. She has been exploring all her favourite hannts on Dee- side, taking long drives of twenty and thirty miles a day. In this way she has visited Loch Oallater and Glen Geldie, with the lovely Linn of Dee. There has been snow on the hills several mornings, and the cold has besn re peatedly below freezing point; but the atmo sphere is bracing, and far more enjoyable than that of Windsor or Osborne would be just now. The floods in the southern counties have been awful; but unless where they caught the farmers with the laBt of their cropB still in the field they have not done much actual harm. They make bad company, however, and the Queen is wise in preferring dry cold to depress ing and almost perpetual drizzle. She will not come South before November, and there is not as yet any foundation for the rumour that she contemplates a winter trip to Italy. _ It was affirmed that she had arranged a meeting with the Grown Princess of Prussia at Pegli, but the Crown Princess has changed her intention of returning to Italy and now goes only to Wies baden. The Prince of Wales has been ex hibiting marvellous energy in the North. He has deer-drives in Mar Forest daily, and often drives fifteen or twenty miles afterwards to dinner and ball. During his visit to the young Earl of Fife at Mar Lodge the hospitalities of the lodge were worthy of an old Highland chief. The trophies of the chase were brought in at night and spread in front of the house, when the gillies did a stag dance round them by torchlight. At the grand balls which followed there was often a torchlight dance performed by fifty stalwart Higblandmen all adepts at Ghilliecallum. The Prince will shortly migrate to the South. THB 8TATB OF IBHLAKD. Nobody envies Mr. Forster for the hornet's nest he bas got into. He must tremble every morning when he opens his Times lest he should see that another landlord has been murdered or that an eviction riot has occurred, or that one of Mr. Parnell's lambs has been shaking its leg at the " bloody Saxon." The state of the island is alarming, and if the Horse Guards had more troops to spare it would be required to send them across at once. It was rumoured the other day that the 71st was to be ordered from Edinburgh Oastle with the exception of a single company to mount guard. The Indian reliefs whioh had to be accelerated after the disaster of Maiwarra have denuded the country of all available troops, and the fact, you may be sure does not escape attention on the Continent. Mr. Forster is holding his hand so long as he possibly can, for if he were to olose in earnest with the Irish Land League he might send 20,000 men to put it down. Incendiary speeches are still of daily occur rence, ana the hot blood of the Orangemen begins to boil at the passivity of the authorities. A leading member of the Orange Society, Colonel Harvey, lately declared on the platform that should the Government fail to afford people the protection which it was their dnty to do, and ehould anarchy and rebellion be permitted to etalk unchecked through the land, then a more primitive method of self-protection would have to be resorted to. The physical force argument is &1bo in tbe minds of tbe Parnellites, and ooeaa eionBlIy a leas cautious spouter of the faction blurts it out. One of tbe Home Rule members, Mr. John Berry, in addressing bis constituents at Wexford, said tbey bad this year begun a political skirmish against tbe Royal Irish Con stabulary, and that would be kept up until tbey knocked tbe guns out of their hands and made the Government do their dirty work with un disguised soldiers. Atpresent the Royal Irish Constabulary were but an evicting society. However, other people in Ireland besides police could keep guns and buoksbot too if they had a mind. If every farmer in Ireland had a gun and knew how to nse it the police and.the landlords would become a goed deal more civil. The authorities nave as yet taken no notice of Mr. John Barry's intemperance, but they cannot well pass it over. The Irish question is agitating the Liberal party more than the Eastern crisis, and it has been mooted to. bold a November session for the purpose of proceeding with the Irish measures in preparation by the Govern ment. The hope which inspires this suggestion is that the attention of the Irish tenants would be directed from the agitators of the Land League to the House of Commons, where the Parnellites would have a safety-valve for their dangerous fury. But Mr. Parnelt has shown himself more thin an agitator. He is using the ascendency he has acquired with consum mate skill in endeavouring to close np the ranks of his followers. He has issued a circular to the farmers and tradespeople of Cork, inviting them to a meeting to he held to-morrow, for the purpose of enlarg ing the basis of the Land League. The present League, he finds, has discredited itself by the sullen attitude it assumed towards the Irish Land Commission. It is also too narrow a vent for the violent spirits who form it. The time has come, Mr. Parnell sees, to have, if possible, a united nation behind him in his conflict with Mr. Forster, which will be one of the battles royal of the political arena. He claims, there fore, that the Land League should be reorganized, with at least ten members of his eleotion com mittee upon it. Nothing further has transpired about the murder of Lord Mountmorris, though a reward of £1,000 has been offered with a free pardon to any accomplice who shall give in formation to lead to the arrest of the actual murderer or murderers. Extracts of the late Lord's letters have been published, showing that for two years be had obtained hardly any rent from his tenants, and was in actual straits for money. In August last year he wrote to a friend that as for rents he dare not ask for them, else he would get a threatening notice. In June last he wrote again that he had not yet got a penny, and did not expect to until he took law proceedings. On September 8 he says that none of his tenants had settled with him yet, as the County Court Judge had given them time, and until the decrees were issued they would pay nothing. The laureate of the Land League must be an incendiary person to judge from the effusions be is sending to the Nation. Last week's number contains four stanzas of a League song, signed "T. D. S.," supposed to be a member of Parliament. One of the stanzas explains the future policy ^of the anti-renters thus "No ; we shall leave untilled, unsown, The lands, however fair, From which an honest man was thrown Upon the roadside bare. As if a corse was on the spot That saw such hateful deeds, We'll leave the empty house to rot, The fields to choke with weeds. These are the things that shall be done, So swears our banded host In the name of the Father, I And of the Son, And of the Holy Ghost!" The three other stanzas end with the same invocation. QBEAT FLOODS IN THE MIDLAND COUNTIES. If tbe summer was above average the autumn is goiDg to be as much under. It has made its advent amid rainstorms and floods, which are lading extensive tracts of country under water. The crops were for the most part housed before they began, but in some districts the farmers lose heavily. The inundations are most alarm ing in Sheffield. The valley of the Don is submerged, and the minor rivers have over flowed their banks. At Eoclesfield part of a high embankment, carrying the Barnsley-road, | has been washed away. On Wednesday morn ing, after it had rained continuously for about twenty-four hours, a long gap was made in the embankment, but happily not directly opposite the lower valley, in which there are many villages that would have been flooded. The people began, however, to remove their furni ture, as it was not believed that the rest of the embankment could stand many hours. Two steam-engines were set to work to pump the water into a new course, and. means were adopted to protect the adjoining section of the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincoln Railway. In Warwickshire the Leam rose to a dangerous height, and miles of country were submerged. Leicester is another low-lying town which suffers seriously from floods. It has had three . this season, and in the last one the roadB were under water to the extent of five feet, It is curious that these floods should have been con fined to a few counties, and that the farther north we go the weather has been better. In Scotland such a lovely summer has not been known for fifty years. About London it has been very hot till quite recently, but seldom pleasant and sunny. I have never seen such a persistent cloudiness and dampness of the Fleet street horizon as daring the past six weeks. To cross from a cheerfql Continental town to Dover or Harwich invariably gives one the horrors. A NIHILIST SCABS IN ENGLAND. For ten days the London and Glasgow^ detec tives have all been on the qui ilive in search ci Nihilists. It was telegraphed to them from Geneva that two men had left that town with infernal machines in their possession of the shape of a watch. The same information came from St. Petersburg, with the addition that the infernal machines were intended to blow up the Emperor's new yacht, the Livadia, which is still lying at Glasgow completing its outfit. Every lodging-house known to be resorted to by snch undesirable visitors was repeatedly searched, without coming on a trace of the two visitors or of the sinister timepieces. Glasgow hotel-keepers were harried and pestered by the police as they had never been before, but with equally little result. The Russian authorities showed the sincerity of their alarm by tele graphing to have all the coals on board the yacht unshipped, and the crew sent ashore. The Livadia is now in the somewhat ridiculous position of being the finest and also the most useless yacht in the world. The Czar will per haps never set foot on board of her, for he has received a secret message from the Nihilist .Committee that she will be a dangerous vessel to navigate Russian waters in. She may be allowed to leave the Clyde in safety, and on her voyage out some colourable fault will be found in her as a pretext for laying her aside. The Czar will never be a great traveller again, as even the resources of his Civil list would hardly bear the cost of many journeys like his last from St. Petersburg to Livadia. Though the line throughout was watched by over 40,01)0 men the police have since come on traces of the most dariDg conspiracies to wreck the Imperial train. They have lately discovered mines in several houses adjoining the line, and arrests have been made among the owners and occu piers, but without finding any clue to the suspected plots. The late alarm about the Livadia gives colour to the theory that the diabolical affair on the London and North "Western Railway at Bnshey was of Nihilistic origin. The large rewards offered by the Com pany and by 'tc Government have elicited no important information. The Russian detectives in London are punning an independent enquiry, and keep very close abont their dis coveries, if they have made any. Another staff of Russian detectives has been permanently quartered at Geneva, and have spies among the Nihilists who hold their meetings there. From Geneva they trace snspects to Pari i, Brussels, and often direct to London. Very few of the fraternity linger long abont Berlin, which is almost as police-ridden as St. Petersburg itself. THB DUtCIGHO CRISIS. Cabinet meetings in September and October are almost as phenomenal as a House of Com mons regardless of grouse and partridges, bat we are growing accustomed to them. There was one on Saturday last and another on Tues day. Earl GranviUe and Sir Charles Dilke are laid by the heels at the Foreign Office, and most of the Ambassadors have had to forego tbeir annual urlavb, which does not increase their partiality for Turkey, the cause of all their trouble. Step by step the Powers have been led on to what hu now the appearance of a per sonal altercation with the Saltan. He has taken'the Dulcigno affair into his own hands, and he is managing it in thoroaghly Tarkish fashion. He possesses in an eminent degree the faculty of never doing to-day what oan be pat off till to-morrow, and so far it has stood him in good stead. But his latest proposal is more than Turkish in its serene audacity. Last Thursday the Ambassadors at Constantinople were assured that on the Mondajr fol lowing terms ot compromise would be submitted which they might be confident would lead to a friendly eolation not only of the Montenegrin but of all other Turkish diffi culties. They tacitly, conceded the desired delay, but not until the last minute was the new proposal submitted, and then it was not per mitted to be telegraphed from Constantinople to any foreign journal. The Times had to get it sent round by Teheran. It opens with the avowal of a determination to deal with all the outstanding questions simultaneously, and once for all to release itself from the continued pres sure of the Powers. In reference to Montenegro, provided the Powers will accept the conditions Btated in previous communications — namely, the guarantee that no further inroad shall be made on the territorial sovereignty of the Porte — it will endeavour to persuade the Albanians to hand over the town of Dulcigno. In the settlement of the Greek difficulty a new frontier line is proposed, which would preserve Larissa, Metzovo, and Jauina to the Porte. The often-promised re forms in Armenia are recatalogued£with an assurance that they will be reduced within three months. As to the yet unexecuted reforms in the European provinces of the Empire, they will be carried ont in so far as they do not en danger its integrity. For the solution of financial questions the bondholders will be in vited to send delegates to Constantinople to negotiate for a satisfactory arrangement on the basis of an assignment of certain revennes to the payment of interest on the foreign bonds. The substance of the note was telegraphed by Mr. Goschen to London on Tuesday morning, and forwarded to Paris the same day. It laid to rest a number of Stock Exchange canards that the Sultan having begun to think that he might now rely on the bord and Adriatic mon soon to protect him from the angry " concert of Europe," simply intended to. let the con troversy drop. But the note was only a degree better than silent sullenness would have been. It was generally felt to be contemptuous and prevaricating. The English Press of both parties has Btrongly condemned it, and the organ of the peace party is foremost in its demand for energetic measures. The Daily News professes to be reflecting the opinion of the Government in saying that it is our duty now to go on whether we be supported by 'the other Powers or not. The Times, which has hitherto rather countenanced the naval demonstration, takes refuge in a characteristic cloud of "ifs." It observes that "if unhappily the concert hitherto maintained were to break down the Ministry would be open to grave censure for having entered on a dangerous policy withont having made sure that it could in all circumstances be carried through." But "• if again England were left to act alone or in conjunction with one or two other Powers, an entirely new situa tion would be created, and one on which we believe the majority of the public would look with great alarm." JIB. GLADSTONE BENT ON ENBBGETIC MEASURES. It is significant that Lord Hartington should have gone North to Balmoral on Monday after the Cabinet Council held on the previous Saturday, at which, it is believed, decisions were arrived at which may require strong arguments to recommend them to Her Majesty. Mr. Gladstone is reputed to be in a resolute movement. He would help the Montenegrins at once if they would only begin, or he would transfer Admiral Symon's squadron 'to Besika Bay if he could only get two other Powers to join him. Bussia is willing, but Italy does not yet see where to the best bar gain is to be made in the end. A favourable turn of public opinion begins to show itself in France. The contemptuous reproaches of the Russian Press about Franoe lowering herself to the level of Switzerland or Monaco have bad some effect. The outcry of the Badical Press against the naval demonstration has worn itself out a little, and the calm minority who objected now find a hearing. The Journal des Debate and the Republique Franqaise are for once in the same boat, deprecating the with drawal of the French squadron from the fleet. The Journal des Debate advises the new Ministers not to heed the Badicals, as they could have done nothing which these gentry would not have found to be wrong. Whatever their conduct may be, it says the Badicals will violently attack them. They have gone to Dnlcigno, and the Badicals insist that they did wrong. If they had not gone the Radicals would have said the same, and their arguments would have been stronger. The Gambettist organ in a powerful and judicial-toned article points out to the Porte that it is opposing the best, and fact only remaining, safeguard of its own existence in resisting the joint voice of Enrope. Were Eastern Bumelia to ask to-morrow to te united to Bulgaria, the Sultan would be eager enough to appeal to the Powers to prevent Buch a violation of the Treaty of Berlin. By a singular irony of events he is now fighting against the last bulwark of his Empire. But it is fighting in a cause which can gain nothing by his success. Should, as is still held to be improbable, the concert of Europe not be maintained, the moment that the Powers disa greed the Porte would have .to throw itself into the arms of one or other of them as its last hope of safety. The Jlepubligue Frar^aise only forgets cne thing which Mr. Gladstone cannot venture to overlook, that Turkey's throwing herself into the arms of a single Power, or a group of Powers, would be almost as dangerous to Europe as to Turkey herself. Thoughtful men among the Liberals are more afraid of such an issue than of the familiar bugbear of a collapse of Turkey aDd a general quarrel over the ruins. Men of the stamp of Lord Hartington and Mr. Forster,' who are ceitainly not reckless, would accept the risk of a revolution in Constantinople, or of a deposition of the Sultan. The Cabinet is com paratively harmonious as to the next step which shall be taken—dispatching the squadrons to Besika Bay, or even nearer to the Dardanelles. Such a proposal has actually been under dis cussion among the Powers, and it haa the support of Bussia, whioh is, however, a reason to Germany and Austria for abstention; At the moment the expectation is that a very sharp note will be written in reply to the latest com munication from the Porte, in which ulterior measures will be indicated. One of these would be the withdrawal of the Ambassadors from Constantinople, and a later one might be the blockading of the Dardanelles. But the Sultan has winter on his side, and.it promises to be a severe one. 