PROVINCIAL TELEGRAMS. Naime, Deoember 8. Emma Hntson, aged seventeen, a domestic servant at Mr. Hair's, was found drowned in the River Bremer to-day, near Kanmantoo. Port Augusta, December 8. Jebn Cleary, charged with stealing a cheque for £2117s. lid. at Andemorka on June 7 last, the property of John James, was brought Wore Mr. Donaldson, S.M., to-day, and committed to take his trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court. Logic, a native charged with the'murder of Cornelius Mulholland at Tinga Tingana, in Marcb, 1878, was further remanded for a week, pending the production of evidence. Morchard, December 6. The first load of Ocomooroo wheat was brought here to-day by Messrs. O. & A. Fisher, of Coomooroo Bill. It was bought by Messrs. Morgan, Connor, A Glyde. The wheat averaged 641b., and carried about nine bushels to the acre. Georgetown, December 6. The first load of new wheat was delivered here on Saturday to Messrs. Murrie & Son, for Messrs. Hart k Co. It came from the farm of Robert Hay, of Yacka. The sample is very fair. The weather is again hot, and several farmers v ill commence reaping this week provided the weather keeps favourable. Goolwa, December 6. The Industry has arrived with 800 bales of wool from the Darling, most of which is for shipment to London at Port Victor. Jamestown, December 6. A very large meeting of subscribers assembled at the Institute to-night to elect officers for the ensuing year, and proceedings were very animated. The following is the result:—Presi dent, Mr. Hillary Boucaut; Vice-President, Mr. R. O. Sandland; Auditors, Messrs. Tinsley and Clarke; Treasurer, Mr. J. H Brockman; Com mittee, Messrs. Thomas, Carter, McGeorge, Judell, Dempsey, Moseley, Fenwiclr, and Morris. Clare, December 6. ProfesBor Pepper entertained a crowded audience to-night with hiB ghosts and other performances at the Town Hall, and the people were highly delighted. George Byrnes, of Koolnnga, was thrown from a horse on Sunday and much shaken, besides having his right ankle seriously injured. He is now in the Glare Casualty Hospital.) Hallett, December 6. This evening one of the goods porters, whilst shunting the trucks at the Hallett Station, met with an accident. The wheel of a truck passed over his .foot above the anole and crushed it severely.' He was at once removed to the Burra Hospital. A large and representative meeting was held this evening, to take into consideration the de sirability of presenting HiB Excellency with an address on the occasion of his opening the Hallett and Terowie line on the 14th instant. A Committee was appointed to draw up an address. Mr. J> Thomas, Chairman of the Hallett District Council, presided. The crops are looking well after the late rain. Haymaking is in full swing, and in some parts of the district reaping will commence in a few days. The weather is sultry again. Narracoorte, December 6. The Treasurer (the Hon. 0. Mann) and Mr. G. S. Fowler, M P., passed through here to-day on their way to Adelaide from Melbourne. During their Bhort stay they were heartily con gratulated by the business people upon the re sult of the Conference. Muoh satisfaction is felt at the removal of the obnoxious Border duty system, which has ^simply harassed trade with out being of any advantage to either colony. Inspector Peterawald accompanied the party, who left by special train for Kingston at 4 o'clock, where the Governor Musgrave is waiting to take them to Port Adelaide. Gladstone, December 7. These who have tried to beautify the barren reserve by growing trees, and whose efforts have proved successful for two years past, feel annoyed that in burning the long grass at the sides of the railway line some trees have been scorched and ruined. The fencing of the recreation ground will shortly commence. The police paddook should also be enclosed and handed over to the Council. Gladstone, December 7. Mr. John Miller, J.P., Vice-President of the Farmers' Association, has been requested to stand as a candidate for the District of Stanley. Menindie, December 7. The Maranoa 'with the Monarch has passed down with a cargo of 2,000 bales of wool for Port Victor. Gum Flat, December 7. A lecture was given in the Baptist Ohapel here lest night by the Bev. Punchanon Biswas, missionary from India. It consisted of a his tocical and geographical Bketuh of the Farreed pore dietrict, and also of manners and costoms of the Hindoos. The attendance was small, but the leotuie was greatly enjoyed. Biverton, December 7. A little boy named Herbert Doolette, whilst fishing in the Biver Gilbert, accidentally fell in, and before assistance could be had was crowned .| Fort Pirie, December 7. Mr. Burnett's nine days' mission here has ended, and the result is regarded as satisfactory; 200 persons have already signed the pledge, and with cards yet to come in the number will most probably reach 250. The services have all been well attended, especially those of last Monday. In the afternoon of that day the masses were addressed on the Queen's Wharf, from the parable of the Prodigal Son, and in the evening in the Assembly Hall there was a special service for Sunday-school scholars. To-day Mr. Burnett delivered three different addresses at Wandearah. To-morrow he continues his travels through the Areas, and then proceeds northwards as far as Quorn, Wonoka, and Hawker, for tbe purpose of addressing the navvies on the railway works. Wandearah West, December 9. Mr. Matthew Burnett lectured at Wandearah West on tbe 7th instant to a large and appre ciative audience, the Bev. B. G. Edwards assisting him. Mr. Hancock, of Port Pirie, presided. Mr. Burnett's efforts were crowned with success, many names being inscribed as total abstainers. Laura, December 9. Mr. Matthew Burnett arrived here yesterday evening, and met with a most enthusiastic re ception. A procession, formed and headed by Mr. Burnett, paraded the streets, singing various hymns. A short address was delivered in front of the Laura Hotel, and despite frequent interruptions from persons nnder the hotel veran dah a fair hearing was obtained. At 8 o'clock a meeting was held at the Institute Hall, which was crowded to excess, about 600 persons being present. Dr. Hamilton presided, and short addresses of welcome were given by the Bevs. Thorne, Wylie, Jarrett, and Jones. Hymns were sung by the choir, and selections given by tne Laura, israss liana, jar. Burnett spoke tor considerably over an boar, and was listened to with fept attention. He referred in eulogistic terms to the metropolitan Press—especially the Reyiiter and Advertiser—lot the fair and im partial manner he had been dealt with, and the benefits that had accrued from such reports. A touching reference was made to his early career and to his work both in England and Victoria, and later on he referred to the work accom ' plished since his arrival in South Australia, and the kindness shown him by all classes. At the close of the meeting sixty-one persons signed the pledge. Maitland, December 8. ' A lecture in aid of the Fureedpore (Baptist) Mission in India was delivered in the Wesleyan Church last night by the native Indian teacher, Punchanon Biswas. The lecture was well attended. The Rev. J. Read presided. Millicent, December 8. The Overseer of the Experimental Farm yes terday tried several improved agricultural im plements. One of these was Wood's self-binding harvester with twine attachment, recently pur chased at the Melbourne Exhibition. It works admirably, and is considered a great improve ment on the wire binder. Otner implements of special design have been purchased, but have not yet arrived. Kapunda, December 8. The long - pending dispute .between the Kapunda Corporation and the District Council came before the Court to-day. The Council sued the Corporation for a moiety for making West-terrace the boundary road between the Corporation and district. The defence was that the work was not carried out according to specification. Mr. Benham appeared for the Connoil, and Mr. Downer, from Adelaide, for the defendants. A verdict was given for the plaintiffs for the full amount and costs. The case excited very great interest. Last night there was a dramatic entertain ment in the Institute in aid of the Institute funds. There was a large attendance. The piece selected waB Craven's " Chimney Corner," and it was a great success, Mr, Nairne taking the leading character. The entertainment con cluded with the farce u The Blighted Being," the whole of the performers sustaining their parts most creditably. Melrose, December 8. A bush fire started yesterday in Mr. Trenna man's paddock; but by the prompt exertions of several men, who were soon on the spot, it was quickly nnder before much damage was done. About twenty acres of grass were burnt. Farrell's Flat, December 8. The first load of new wheat was brought in here to-day; but the sample was not first-claBs. Edithburgh, December 9. The boy Golden, who was badly crushed on the jetty a few days ago, is getting on well, and hopes are now entertained of his recovery. Be is under the care of Dr. Vonnida. Balaklava, December 9. The Balaklava Local Court sat to-day for the first time at the Terminus Hotel, and the Court room was crowded. .Great satisfaction was expressed at the establishment of the Court, as much inconvenience had been experienced in attending the one at Fort Wakefield, which Incurred much loss of time. 