A STRANGE STORY. Tbo Geneva correspondent of the Times writes, under date 17th December On the last day of November the body of a man who had evidently died a violent death was found in the Sillerthal, canton Thurcrau. Tho first im- pression was that be had met with foul play ; but the medical experts who were .called in thought the wounds wero aolf-infiioted, and decided that it was a case of suicide. Tho body was identified as that of a man named Baumoler, a sawyer by trado, and a native of Lucerne. As to -this there does not seem to have been the least doubt; but the Amt8 inann, of the district, as required by the law in such cases, had the fact properly at tested, and several master sawyers for whom Baumeler had worked, his own relatives and others declared that ho was tho man whoso body had boen found on the Sillerthal. The local papers announced his death, and his friends were invited to accompany fcno funeral proceeslon to the grave. His kinsfolk put on mourning for him, and the deceased, having been a Roman Catholic, was buried in the cemetery of Eischoffzell by a priest of that persuasion. The evening after the interment, as a number of peasants and neighbors were making merry in the village inn of Bischoff- zell, who should walk in but the man who, ag all supposed, had been laid quietly under the ground the day before 1 This apparition ex« . cited at first no little dismay, but when Baumeler ordered a plate of sausages, a loaf of bread, and a litre of lngar boer the fears of thoreyellers were appeased, No mere ghost . could be supposed capable of conduct so un- ghostlike, Baumeler, who said he had been away on a journey, then heard the story of his death and burial, which seemed greatly to amuse him. From the inn be went to tho presbytery and thauked 1 Priiat or eloquent funeral oration which the latter had pronounced over his grave. He then called on the Amtmann, and expressed his gratitude to that functionary for the trouble he had taken on bis behalf. Baumeler has still another account to settle, It appears that be does not enjoy an altogether spotless reputation, and after his supposed death a journal of tho neighborhood made someunpleaBant reflections on his charaoter. Baumeler, it is said, intends to proceed against tit is. too impulsive paper for libel. As for the buried man, no Information Is as yot forth coming, and the theory of murder is again revived. The police aro making active in' quirles with a view to ascertain the identity of tho unknown, and to this end it Is poesible that the body may have to be exhumed. Meanwhile tho strange incident, with ita mixture of comedy and tragedy, -has thrown the quiet village of Bischoffzell into a stato of unwonted excitement. 