MB BENN has "ran" "the usual twelve months as president of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce; and on Thursday afternoon, when the annual meeting of that body was held, Mr BENN gave way to Mr JEFFBAY, his duly elected successor. But before vacating the chair, Mr BENN delivered the orthodox speech ; snd thia speech is, with one exception, ao free from political references, so fair in its genera tone, and so useful in one of its suggestions, that we cannot pass it by unnoticed Mr BENN is evidently a man who is not deeply impregnated with party instincts, for he had the straightforwardness to endorse the views of his immediate predecessor in the chair, Mr MOOBE, with reference to the causes of the recent dulness in trade and other matters in Victoria. He did not follow the example of the Conservative papers, and attribute the dulness to the BEBEY Government. Neither had he the bad taste to say, or even in sinnate, that the BE&RY; Government had intensified or increased the evil. Mr BENN, like Mr MOOBE, boldly attributed the dul neas to the right causes. He believed, with Mr MOOBE that the loss of £750,000 on the Victorian wool clip of 1877-8, the partial failure of the Victorian wheat crop at the same time, and the consequent distress that was occasioned amongst the farmers here, produced the distress which prevailed,and he studiously avoided saying thatanythingelse was at the bottom of the mischief. Here is a direct snub to those papers and individuals who have persistently attributed the check which trade and industry sustained in 1878-9 to the BEBBY Government; and it ii pot In language which is no less polite than it is convincing. Bat Mr BENN does not stop at tins stage; he goes on to show that if the Conservatives credit the change, which is beginning to set in for the better, to the change of Government which has taken place, they will do so under false pretences. Mr BENN says:—" It is a matter of unqualified satisfaction to me to be able now to oSer my congratulations to the Chamber, and to the colony in general, upon the most hopeful prospects now presenting themselves. As far as I have been able to ascertain, in the absence of complete official returns, it appears that oar clip of wool for the season just closed . . . has been in excess of that of the previous year, and that, with the improved prices ruling at the recent Bales, and still further advancing at the sales sow in progress, the wealth -of thia and the adjoining colonies will have been increased by an amount which at present it "would be rash to calculate (the Argus estimates it at over a million and a half for Victoria alone), while the increased yield of our other staple, wheat, has once more put heart and courage into the farmiog community." Mr BENN, lower down, refert to Ae improved prospects of mining in Ballarat to show that mining is also sharing in the general improvement. While then, rightly accounting for the dulness of the past, Mr BENS takes care to show that the change for the better which has now set in, is not due, as the Conservative papers have alleged, to Mr SERVICE being in the place of Me BEBBY. The Improvement, as Mr BENN says, is to be attributed to the improved harvest; the advancing price. of wool/and the improved prospects of mining. No one can doubt thetruthof this statement, which has often been made in the Liberal papers. But it is the first time it has been nttered by a member of the Conservative party ; &nd; it is more than ordinarily notice able when coming from fhat quarter, because it not only sweeps away the misrepresentations which the ^Conservative papers so often surround the change jrith ; but at the same lame it gives a very strong basis for the Liberals to fall back upon when political capital is tteing made by the Conservative papers out of- the improve ment.' For.lt is AS C8rtam as that the son will set to-night that whatever improvement may" take place in £he next few: months in our material affairs will be credited by the Conservative papers to ttie new Government"; and it mil be valuable to have .Mr BENN'S statement,to fidl back upon, :becanse it* will Bhow so dearly theab surdity of thB Conservative contention. It is due'io Mr BENN that the Liberal papers should notice the causes lie endorses for, the dulness of the past, and; the causes to which be attributes the improvement that has now begun ; for these parts of his speech are aa thoroughly just aa they are bndeniably perfect But there Is one other portion of his remaifcs vhich hadtietter bave teen left no said, because it betrays a degree of selfishness which could hardly have been looked for.irom so generally fairia speaker. Mr BENN denounces the stamp tax, and') hopes .the time is not far distant rwhrarit will be repealed, onthe grand that# is not fur to the mercantile comfnunity. 2fow, we never coold ondffiBta&d; the free- traders on the snbject of tazation j sndj dasAtm, it Is not stupijsiqg ^at .:^ cannot onderatand Mr BENN j^g^^'mattar what direct taxation is 'p^opbsed^ Ihe mercantile community always denounce it as unfair and not required, although in the eame breath they darner for the repeal of all protective duties. How can the latter be given np, if the former be not imposed ? Anything of the kind ia aa impossible ae it won'.d be to mop np the ocean, or to pay a pound with a shilling. When a land tax is proposed it is enre to be wrongly conceived in detail; when an income tax is proposed, it is enre to be nnfair; when a house tax is suggested it is bonnd to be denounced;*and when a property tax is spoken of, it is certain to be declared to be a sore way. to frighten capital out of the country. These are the normal cries of the merchants of Melbourne; and now a stamp tax TS included in their denunciations. There clearly no way of grasping what views the merchants of Melbourne hold on the subject of taxation; and Mr BENN, by denouncing the stamp tax, seems to be just as foggy in this particular as all his brother traders. It is certain, however, that a etBtnp tax is one of the best direct taxes ever imposed, because the payment is regulated purely by the extent of the transaction, because it falls equitably on all classes, and because it costs little or nothing in collection. It is surprising, then, that the merchants of Melbourne do not take kindly to this tax; and the only reason we suppose why they do not do this is because they want everybody else but themselves to snpport the State, and, generally, to keep the machinery of Government going.' However, with this exception, Mr BENN'S speech isopen tb r ."ij6;bttjtile ^criticiMn. It is in. all other respects quite fair and just, and it reflects no little credit opon the author himself for the excellence of Kb production. ONE of the moBt extraordinary articles which ever appeared in the Argus, and this is not x saying a little, will be found in that paper of yesterday. It will be remembered that a day or two ago the commissioners of the Melbourne Exhibition invited tenders for 500 dozen chairs in quantities of notleBB than fifty "dozens, and that two of the stipulations were that the chairs should be of Victorian make, and that no Chinese labor Bhould have any thing to do with their manufacture The object of this act on the part of the commissioners of the Exhibition was twofold. The first idea was to do something that would meet the unemployed difficulty; the other was to check the employment of Chinese by the maBter cabinetmakers of Melbourne, who have almost rained the white artisans in this trade by the preference which they have given to their' Mongolian neighbore. Vow, it would hardly be thought that any difference of opinion could arise out here on the wisdom of this act. _ The unemployed difficulty is terribly vexing the souls of the very Government which the Argus thinks so highly of; and a great deal of misery is being caused to the working cabinetmakers and theirfamilie&by; Chinesesopersedingthem in workshops of this description. Anything, then, that would have a tendency to check either of these difficulties one would have thought would - have had the support of all Europeans, even the Argus included. But what is the fact? Why, that the Argus of yesterday denounces the commissioners of the Exhibition for what they have done in this respect, and calls npon the Government to stuff more anti - protectionists on the com mission, in order that the motion; out of which the advertisement in question has sprung, may be speedily rescinded. It is an amusing commentary upon the nnadulterated rubbish published in the Argus of yesterday, that by far the great bulk of the commissioners of the Melbourne Exhibition are now free- traders, and that a number of free-traders voted for the advertisement which has called forth the Argus' condemnation. But a slip of this kind on the part of the Argus disappears altogether before the larger principle involved in the article under notice. In that article the dictum is laid down that Australian commissioners should give no preference at all to Australian workmen, and that if Australian employers choose to flood the colony with Chinese artisans, they should be allowed full -liberty to do so. Certainly, it is not the duty of Australians of any grade to interfere in a matter of this sort, because to do so is to violate international law for no other purpose than to curry favor with the Australian people. A pretty doctrine this to preach truly. It is one of the most monstrous propositions ever laid down; and none but a scoundrel or a maniac would submit and defend such a thesis. Obviously, it is the duty of a civilised people to protect itself against a flood of paganB. This has been the rale ever since civilisation -was known and it is bound, in self-defence, to be the rule of civilised communities to the end of the chapter. No more and no less than thiB is being done by the commissioners of the Melbourne Exhibition, because they are simply setting an example to the rest of the community, which is bonnd to,put a stop to any each disaster aa hordes of pagans settling down amongst ue. Suppose employers of. labor in Melbourne and other places were encouraged, by a sort of tacit consent on the part of their customers, to employ Chinese cheap labor, what 'would be the result ? Why, that in a very brief time European or Australian labor would be at a discount. The Chinese would Boon fill every shop; and there would be no employ- .ment for the white skins, who very properly demand higher tribute : for their labor. But If customers set their faces against pagan. labor, then quite another state of things may be expected prevail. Then the pagans will be kept out; and European, or rather Australian native, labor, will be able to live and flourish. Now, this Is the priurfjple pnder lying the act of the commissioners of the Melbourne Exhibition ; atad instead of bang denounced for what -they have done In this way, they are really deserving. of the highest possible commendation. For some yean It has been'the practice to confine locomotive building to Victoria; and why should the same principle not be also applied ^o the - making, of chairs, and other descriptions . of manufactures ? Clearly there ii a stronger reason why the com missioners of the Melbourne Exhibition should have come to their recent decision'^ than that outside locomotives should'be tabooed, because, while the making of chairs would encourage paganB to come here in droves, restricting locomotives to Victorian production is Entirely directed against -the product of outside European labor. ' The commissioners of the Melbourne Exhibition have really done a patriotic piece of work; 4hey have very properlysaid that the yellow agony of San Francisco shall not be repeated' hue, and all honor we say to them fortheir good sense and determination. The ' Argus was nevBr a friend of the working tnen of Australia; and, therefore, its article of yesterday hardly perhaps takBB anyone by surprise, Bqt In this instanoeit has gone beyond all decent bonnds. By inference, it encourages Chinese immigration, and thus insults every European ^ Australian family in tibia colony, whilst showing itself strongly an^gonistic tb the best interests; of all departments of European labor. Anything more insulting baa rarely cropped up; and a more striking instance of free- trade gone stark staring mad never put in an appearance. We trust, however, what the Argus has written will not cause the commissioners of the Exhibition to reconsider their decision. That decision is thoroughly iound and justj and, therefore, it should be lield to against all assailants. In onr first leader of yesterday we were made to say tbat the wage referred to by Hr Service in Booth Australia ms 5s a day. It ehoold have read Gs a week. At the City Police Court yesterday, Thomas Bowman. & drover, -was charged with stealing thirtythree eheep, the property cf Alexander Draper, on the 5th ol imo.. It was shown that the sheep wrre stolen from a paddock at Bnninyong. and that the prisoner disposed of them to two bntobers at &al; Lai- The prisoner was committed on this charge, and another which was heard last Tnefiday to take his trial at the assises io be held on the 14th May. The Town Council sat last night as a Iocsl board of health, and dealt with a somber of matters concerning the health and cleanliness of the town. It was resolved to ha-te several right-of-ways formed. Beports were laid before the meeiing showing that several isolated oases of fever had occurred in the town, two of them ending fatally; and another at the Orphan Asylnm, which also ended fatally. From the tone of the -reports it would not appear that these fevers were the result of existing nuisances—and. in fact, the heaUh officer in hi a report stated that the clean state of the town was a matter of congratulation. Bridge street, after half-pist nine at night, of late has not been oil that oonld be desired of it—indeed, it baa not been at aU a pleasant place for respectable females to traverse, for. though pedestrians are certainly not aggressively annoyed by the indifferent characters that affect the street some little time after dark, the 41 trailing of purple" is carried on in an open and very obj*otionable manner. Surely the constables who so diligently patrol the streets might clear the main thoroughfare of suoh an annoyance. it is rarely-that the children of the Orphan Asylum leave their home, but it appears that on Tuesday last four of the 1 lads belonging to that institution strayed from it, and have not yet ' fonnd their w»y back again. It is suppo ea. however, that they have not gone far, and as they have chosen a very unreasonable time for tbeir excursion, they will no donbt return-to their comfortable quarters, and the kindly care of thB superintendent and matron, before long, SBdder and wiser b.- ys. Anyone hearing of the whereabouts of the wanderers mil obliga by giving information thereof to the superintendent of the asylsm (Mr Badleir) or to the polioe. The committee formed 1o celebrate the centenary of Bobert Baikes, founder of Sunday schools, are taking active steps to have a successful gathering of all the soholars and workers in jthe Sunday schools of this district onthe occasion of iff the celebration which will take plaoe in a short time. Communications have been opened up with representatives of the -various schools, whose united average attendance amounts to about 4000, and they all concur in the movement. Ohoioe anthems, hymns, &o.;, have been selected, and are now being printed, fur a grand concert of 1000 singers, whioh will be held on the 2sd July in the Alfred HalL Four central places—The £.ydiard street Wesleyan lecture hall, St. Ji-hn's I hurch, All Saints' Church, and the Kail Btrest Wesleyan Church, have been chosen for holding rehearsals; and Messrs William little, John Bobson, and other members of the concert committee, will act as instructors in training the scholars and others for the concert. A strong demand has set in for shares in the distribution of Majar Smith's property; All persons having tickets unsold are requested by an advertisement that appears elsewhere, to send them without de'ay to the hon. secretary, Mr Olaxtr-n. A meeting o( the shareholders will be held next week to arrange the time and mode of distribution, which will probably t^ke place the end of next week. A large number of miners are expected to be preEent at the Buck's Head hotel this evening at the f ormatlon of the proposed branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association of Victoria. Mr B. Btker informs ns that he has received letters from Sandhurst and Clunes. Mr W. G. Spenoe, the vioe-president, will be present, and, ii possible, Mr H. Taylor, eecetary to the association, from Glanes, will also attend We wish the movement success. We eee that a meeting of the unemployed was held at Sandhurst on Thursday evening. About 200 men attended, and after a few speeches, it was resolved to ask the city council to grant the use of the town hall for a more prominent meeting, to be held next Monday. The following letter of thaaks has been handed to us for publication:—" Ballarat Volunteer Brass Baud. Gentlemen,—I am instructed by the committee of the Eight Hiurs Association to thank you heartiiy for the manner in which you assisted us on the &Let.;— Yours truly, J. FRASBR, ben secretary." The weather being cold and damp, there was only a fair attendance at the ftlue Bibban Army meeting on Thursday night The president opened with prayer. Mr Long read one of Gough's telling orations; Mrfi, Curtis gave an earnest and feeling address A ternperanoe dialogue was given by two young men. The liev. Mr Glasson delivered a short address, the whole being very heartily reotived. Singing was supplied by members of the committee (not by the church choir), and the doxology closed the meeting. Mr Ii. Flegeltanb, cf Oobb's Corner, has in the window of hia establishment just now, a novelty in show- stands, and one that yesterday evening commanded a great deal of attention, quite a crowd assembling aronnd Un window in which ft was placed. 'J he stand may be described as a number of revolving gas jsts, backed by a large and powerful refl.ctor. There are eight or ten of the jets, and the reflector, which is very deep, Is made of a number of small mirrors, set in at such angles as to refract the light from the jets as from a large number of smaller distinct reflectors. The jets are so arranged 1 hat the movement of the gas escaping from them causes thjm to revolve when there is any strong pressure of gaB. Hong upon the tubes of the burners last night were a number ol bright- hued flowers, and these, with the lights reflected on the numberless mirrors as the burners turned round, had a very pretty and attractive effect, the f&oe; of the reflector looking very mndh like the revolving slide of a magic lantern, the advantage twing with the reflector, as it looked more brilliant and certainly more novel than a involving picture of a magic lantern does. JLast night, however, the invention oould not be shown at its best, as the supply of gas did not come quickly enough through the burner to keep it revolving. The proprietor, we understand, intends to lay on a pipe from the main, specially to supply this new combined windowlightand show-stand, and then it will be for some time, LO doubt, one of the shopwindow eights oE the city. A meeting of the Weights and Measures Union was held in the council chambers, &mythesdalef; on Friday afternoon. Present—Councillor Keith, (in the chair), Councillor Forrest (Biponshire), and Or Jones (Borough of Browns and Soarsdale.) It was decided to ask the Government to increase the powers of the inspector of weights end measures (in the proposed new Local Government Act) in the direction of giving them power to enter into places ol business and test the weight ol the articles for sale, &a; Seme routine business was transacted, and the meeting dosed -The usual weekly meeting if the Brown Hill Mutual Improvement, Association was held on Wednesday last; Mr £>. Paine, the president, in the chair. There was a fair number of members present. After .the usual bUrfness. an essay ws&read; by Mx J.Taylor, on " Truth," the essayist handling the subject in a very creditable manner. 8everal members disenssed the subject. A vote of thanks to the essayist closed the meeting. 1 he question of a cemetery for Ballarat East was again brought before the Town OouncS last night. It appears that the gentlemen who were trustees of a piece of land for a cemetery sent in their resignation to the Government some time ago, and also handed in the funds, amounting to about £100, without informing the council. La«t night the action of the trnstees was condemned, and notice of motion was given by Councillor Phillip* that the reservation of the pre- ^entrita be rescinded, and that stept be taken to have another site, to be named hereafter, reserved. . A horse belonging to Mr Clarke, grocer, dropped dead in Bridge street yesterday opposite the shon of Messrs Heinz Brothers. ~ 'The Helman liver and stomach pad Is asserted to be the latest valuable diBsovery In the alleviation of faunas suffering. Mr Birtchnell, of the Bible Depot, the local agent of the Holm^u Fad Company, has sect us two jpamphleta, *' Katnre'elaws " atd " Abtorption eeraa Di ease." Although Mr Birtch'iiell only io few months.ago.introduced "the first pid to Ballarat he has already issued a circular of ^genuine testimonials —oases which have come under Ida own observe i — from which it can be seen what lias been aooompluhed amongst dyspeptics, sufferers .from indigestion, liver c-.mp'ainis, and general «tomach disorders. The Hblman Pad Oompauy have spatially authorised Mr Birtchnell tegive full and complete advice in all that appertains to the pad, and Us .auxiliaries, and the pamphlets are given away, or sent to any addre-^s by post. . The prio-s of the pads, tea , are given in our advertising, columns. ' \ _ : Aq interesting lecture on the " Life and work of .Dr Gnthrie," was given last evening in the Town Mission Hall, by the Bev. J. W. Icglis. ..The subject was treated In the lecturer's well-known happy fashion, as was-testified by -the frequent applause and merriment that every now and then burst forth •from- a. large and "attentive (audience. The ob- -jret of .the leclure was .to. provide funds for poor widow and JEamlly. Mr J.; Summerscales occupied the chair. A hearty vote of thanks: to the lecturer was proposed by the Missionary, and supported by the audienoe. . The rev. lecturer has obligingly (.flared to give another evening during the winter months for some of the many needy cases connected with the mission. We hive received a copy of* pamphlet bearing tfce tiUe of " The .Exchange, ColUnsi^treet west, -Melbourne" The Exchangers • i>!Me in Melbourne where jmefchants oo&gregate;, and the book before us contains the rules and particulars as to the contents of the library and so forth. Views of, the different rooms ln the~Exchan£e are aUo interleaved in the pamphlet, whioh has been printed by Mr "Cdrdell, of Little Collins street^ \ - '•'.".' The. .adjourned general .meeting of the Western branch of ihe Kation&l; BefORnX<eague CTUl be held at the Western iiotal,£tnrt street, next Mcmdayevening at eight o'clock, (o eleot offloers and a oomalttee. . The centenary of Tt Chalmers was recently ob served nnoont Qs, and those of our readere who may Trteh toknow more of : "tM« great and good man, Trill have an opportimity of doing so on Monday evening, •s «t> Otasivetlie He v. J:W. Incite-Is; to deliver i lecture on Dr Chalmers" in the Peel Street freabyterian Ohnrct,(iSt John's.) There 16 to be no cba ge for admission, but a collection Is to be made in aid cf the organ fund of the congregation. Mud-lark's" letter referring to something that appeared in another journal, cannot be published in The Courier. We direct attention to an advertisement in another column from Mrs G. H Smith, (ireeugrooer. Bridge street, stating that the has thoroughly recovered from her severe illness, and will now personally attend to the business. Mr Summerscales gives in another column the names of parties entitled to receive the fifty pictures he is now presenting to his easterners where the names of parties oculd not be ascertained, the numbers of their tickets are given. The members of the Bslkrat City Bowing Club who have net yet entered their names on the list posted in the boat-shed, far scr&toh; matches to be held on the 24th of May (the Queen's Brthday), are requested to do so at once, as the crews will be drawn for on Friday, the 7ih instant,at Brophy'e hotel. We have received from " L. J.M." 5s fer the Murphy family. The annuil meeting of the Ballarat Agricultural Society will be held to-day, at eleven o'clock, at Craig's hotel. The yacht raoe between the Keporter and Achievement, for possession, of the Goodall trophy, will come off to-day at Wendource. The start is to take place at half-past thre* o'clock. The annual tea meeting and concert in connection with &t; Stephen's Church. Ballarat East, wil! be held in the Alfred Hall, on Wednesday, the 12th instant. meeting of the Clark's Eill branch, of the Farmers' Union will be held at the Australian hotel, next Monday evening at eight o'olock. to receive the report of the deputation to the City Council anent market dues. Representatives of the friendly societies on the committee relative to the reduction of burial fees at the Ballarat cemeteries, are advised that a meeting will be held on Monday evenicg next the 3rd instant, at eight o'clock, at the British Queen hotel, Bridge street. A full attendance is requested. The anniversary servioes of the NoO Street Wesleyan Babba-h 6ohrol vill be celebrated to-morrow in the church, when the Bev. T. Adamson will preach morning and evening, and the Bev. W. A, Quick in the afternoon. A tea meeting will follow on Menday. A tea and concert to celebrate the opening of the new State school at Magpie will take place in that building on Monday next. The representatives of Ballarat and Ballarat East will be present. The Field family have given their services "for the concert, and Hiss £llis will preside at the piano. The tea will be held at six o'olock. With regard to the agency-general tbe-^r^iuloarns that it is probable the Government will at once proceed to fill up the vacancy from Victoria. A new Ministry has been formed in Great Britain, and it may be to the interest of the coloay to have on the spot an officer possessed of local knowledge, who can afford the Imperial Government any information or advice it may desire with regard to its colonial programme. The defenoe question is sure to be dealt with sooner or later, and onr Exhibition tnay raite points on which colonial experience would be of value. It seems, therefore, to be generally understood that a prominent local politician wSl leave Melbourne on an early d -yen ro 1 te for London. A correspondent sends the foil owing tall ghost story to the Gcekmg Adrcrtiirr:—" Ae I know you feel interested in such circumstances, I write,^in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very remarkable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon Tnnes. The archdeacon,ae you know, died of diphtheria and though perfectly sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional valae to the circumstanae which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay reader by a young man recently arrived from home named LisBerman, who, though net remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared hinuelf to the archdeacon and aU who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at thepar&onageL; at Hamilton, a few week* before the archdeacon. Just before bis death the archdeacon, who, as I'have told you, said all he had to say in writing, and was compos mentis to the last, wrote that going into his study one evening, after Idsserman's death,"he saw him standing at the study table,- and involuntarily. exclaimed 1 Holloa! are you here!' ' Tes,' replied the appari tiou,' and where I now am there will you soon be!' Mr Innes was not a man of fancies, or of impaired physique; acd when ho saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well kno A n and vouched for." A sad accident (says the BmSgo Independmi) happened to a Malay, named Omar Oscing, living at Kangaroo Gully, on Thursday morning. Omar and his mate were cutting a water- race for 6turoing purposes The cntting was from 8 feet to 9 feet deep. Suddenly tbe sides gave way and fell upon him. com pletely burying the unfortunate man. With the assistance of a cumber of willing hands preEent, the Malay was extricated, bat was then quite dead- 'n Kangaroo Gully there is a colony of Malays, who are living in a wrotohed state of poverty, making a precarious livelihood by fossicking about the gullies, bome time ago one of them died of disease and starvation combined. All of them are in the same destitute state', and they are all aged men. The Pleasant Creek Nevjs rocorde tbe death of Mr Martin Doyle, town clerk of BtawelL Our contemporary writes iugreat praise of the deceased, who was fifty-five years of age, and was very active in endeavoring to davelor 3 the mining resources of the distriot. A oase of some interest as evincing a determination on the part of tbe authorities to compel a more strict enforcement ot the compulsory clauses of the Education Act, came before the Fitzroy -Police Oourt (says the Arctts) on Thursday. It arose out of an infringement of the Old Metal Sealers Act, The Chief Secretary has directed special attention to the pernicious effect whioh evasions oi this act have upon gutter children in keeping many of them away from school, and leading some to commit petty thefw. With a view of keeping at least the younger children away from the muine stores, the Chief uommissloner has instructed the poli» to rigidly enforce the 3rd clause of the abovenamed measure, which forbids marinestore dealers to purchase " special wares" (i e, marine stores of everydescription), from children under fifteen years of age. Yesterday Sarah WattB, wife of George Watts, dealer io mariue stores, was summoned for an evasion of the acL Mr John Edwards, jun, conducted the prosecution, and Mr Saorael Lyons appeared for the defence It was proved that defendant had purchased some goads from a boy ten years of age. For the defence, it was pointed out that the transaction took place during holiday time, so tbat the boy oould not have been kept away from schoaL The chairman of the bench, Mr F. W. T. Evans, commented npon the case as one of a serious nature, involving an evasion of one of the beet measures' passed by the legislature, and fined the defendant 10s, with 3 gcineas costs, mentioning at the same time, as warning to other dealers, that a fine of as much as £20 could be inflicted for the offence of purchasing ef xdal wares from yousg children In contravention of the act. The Irish Belief Committee (says the Age) on Thursday remitted £20-0 to the lord Mayor of Dublin, whioh makes the total to date from this source £28,600. The gross reoeipts amount to £29 033 lis 5d. What is known as the Parrell mystery (says the Argus) appears to have quite baffled the polioe, who have been unable to trace the missing woman, Mrs FarrelL During the past twelve months every possible search has been made for her, both In this_end the adjoining colonies, without suocesa, and the polioe are now fully convinced that the woman was murdered and herremains destroyed in some way. It wii! be remembered that tome seven or eight days elapsed after her disappearance before the polioe entered -upon the search, and this it ia thought gave the morderers t'me to deetroy all traces of the crime. A frer-ll statement has recently be mide by a young woman residing in Oollingwood. This person BisteB that late one night, about ten days after the supposed murder took place, she was standing at the cjroervf Glass and Wellington streets, when the m-.t two men, each carrying a parol. As Boon as the men observed her they changed tbeir course across a pieoe of vacant ground, and disappeared. The young woman further stated that when the men epprriachec; her a most disgusting tfBnvinm was emitted from the parcels they were' carrying, almost causing her to faint This person also stat«d tbat tbe odor was quite foreign to anything she had ever smelt before. It will be remembered ihat on the night on whioh the woman was first missed a peculiar oder -was no iced emanating from FarrelT* house, in Montague street. Other matters have transpired, which leave no donbt on the Binds of those Vho have boen 'engaged in the. -search that the 'woman was murdered, and her T6- : mai-' s afterwards destroyed. The Argtis says that a lad named French, ab^nt nineteen years old, ins crashed to death on Tbnrcday whilst mining 'In .alluvial ground on the Golden Bar, In the -vicinity of Ohiltern. About five;tons of earth fell on him, * . A crrrious cSrcumstazineXeaye the Argus) occurred at Charlton on Thursday, being the arrest of a ppllce' officer on a charge of larceny. James Stainw, auctioneer of tit. Ar&and..; made a statement to the effect that Constable Bourke had taken a'watch ont of his coat pocket. Senior-constable Kolan took the matter' np.-but Bourke denied all knowledge of the watch,' and his innocmce was generally believed. Subsequent events however disclosed circumstances which led the senior-constable to arrest hie subordinate, and put him In the lock-up, but before this was dene' Bourke assaulted him. Bourke win be dealt with In <tue course. A new telegraphic cable (says the Argus) Is being laid between Kong Kong and ManOla The following message froni Singapore, under date 27th Instant, has reached the Pott-office department via Adelaide: "Laying t-f Manilla cable commenced on tnuday from Hong £ong. If all goes well, completion may be expected end of this week." A very singular .phenomenon Is reported to have been witnessed at B«i'ns4»le at eleven a m. on Sunday. Mr st-ney informs tire Bmmtdale JVeua " that while coming from the Racecourse In the direction of/Bairnsdalsatthe.time mentioned, bis attention was drawn to a very peculiar motion of the sun, which seemed to rock to and fro, and quiver as though it bad come In .contact. with eomo opp'sirig body. A cumber of blaoka who were camped clote by at the tbseiwera 80 exceedingly terrified at the sight, that, af(ei- giving veuUp the ory,«See big ielloif sun,* made direot for all the worldly foods and chattels they possessed, ami commenced tomato tracks for what they considered the shelter d the town. This fiogo!»r appearance £ the sun was shortly followed by an offshoot ofa lain ball of firr, which travelled" across the heavens Jn a southerly'directlon.kna for * consiawablepartlpnof the distance seemed to resemble a sort of oomd with a blank span IwJwern tbe nucleus and the tail.'' When Hearing the fcorfeah, the fcui of fire appeared to silently : explode Into a thousand fragments, illuminating the trees behind which they appeared to fall like a brilliant display of fireworks.* A fatal accident (eays the Argus) ooourred at Ihe Exhibition buildings on Thursday afternoon. A man named John Harper, aged abont forty-two years, being killed by failing from the rafters of one of the temporary annexes now in 'course of construction. The distance be fell was about 25 feet, and, although the men who were at work with him at once ran to hie aseUtanoe, life was quite extinct before they arrived. 