? [This is not for miners only, though it may liar* a ! smatch as belonging to the dressing-floor; it may be read anywhere and by anybody. That is tb« graeious permission we jfire.l THE Jamestown Review asks "Is it worth a farmer's while to plant trees 1" We strongly feel inclined to say " yes decidedly it is." But then almost the whole of our large farming community appear to think otherwise* and act on the principle that the only thing worth growing iB wheat, dnd if that falls to be remunerative, then farming is a failure. THEM are gross materialistic mortals in the world who have not the slightest reverence for spirits—except in the shape of Hennessy's three star, battle axe, or Woolefs Schnaps, or old Jamacia rum, &c.;—or spiritualistic manifestations. They have no idea that spirits have fine feelings that may be wounded by the slightest appearance of distrust in the audience who have assembled to witness a " materialization." One of these unfeeling people the other day attempted {according to a oontempoiaiyX.t° play a practical joke on the gentle spirit of Daniel Webster, by strewing tacks over the floor of the stage on which the spirit appeared. The spirit being duly materialised tried to walk that tack bestrewn floor. "When the first tack entered the ostensible ghost's right foot, he calmly lifted up his injared limb to withdraw the intrusive bit of steel. In his efforts to balance himself on one leg, he ran another tack in his left foot, when he broke silence by a gentle exclamation expressive of pain and annoyance ; then he incautiously sat down, and thus inserted two more tacks. Instead of letting his ghostly passions rise, he merely remarked, 1 Well, by gosh!' and hurriedly withdrew into the mystic cabinet" THAT piece of railway near Hamley Bridge appears likely to be a great nuisance during the winter. Already this season there have been three stoppages of the traffic, through the flood water washing away tbe ballast, and making the line impassable. Were the line owned by a private company, probably matters would have been so arranged, after the first interference with the traffic, that it would not have occurred again But the line is Government property, and perhaps it is handy to have a part of it liable to be damaged by floods. It serves to show we have smart Government officials who, immediately a suspension of traffic is reported, show their zeal for the public welfare by rushing off at night with a posse of men to fill in the gaps washed away by the water, and to make everything snug until the next rain comes, when the water will again make an opening ftfr itself fthus maldog n needless for 'Government to go to the expense of making culverts. Frecurson's Weekly and Punch both have cartoons on the same subject in their last issue, and curiously enough the title of the both cartoons are the same " Look on this picture and on this." In one picture the police are making a Taid on the CLiaese gamblers, who were fined at the Police Court last week, and in the other some of the gpntlemen of South Australia are gambling with cards unmolested. In JPnarson's, which is by far the better cartoon of the two, a policeman is quietly looking on, and the features of one or two of the players will probably "be familiar to many who are acquainted with the elite of Adelaide. No doubt both Frearson and Punch think that if the Chinese were found guilty of a breach of the law for playing " fan tan" the gentlemen are equally guilty for gambling with cards and should be " pulled before the beak" in the same ^way. But that would never do. It is ho shockingly democratic. The bare idea that the same law should vpply to a lot of beggarly Chinese-^or for that matter a lot of beggarly moleskin clad Englishmen—aB to the refined, well educated, luxuriously dressed, wealthy members of our aristocracy, who form the cr%m& de la cremS of South Ausstralian society, is altogether too shocking to entertain. JNo! no ! our laws axe not meant to apply to our lawmakers, law administrators, or the •wealthy class—they are above law. RKPaWKTATtOX «J> GUHBBACBA.—Mr. 8\. Tompkinson, J.P., having been requested by the electors of Gumerachato offer himself as a candidate for the coming slection. has consented to allow himself to be nominated. TH* TXUPHONB.—We gather from the home papers that the nw of the telephone Is bffj<>ffn'"g general in England. The corporation of Leeds have formed a telephonic Communication between the town hall and . reservoir at Scrap, and beilgaiworks is Meadow-lane, _ ^. jthft, branch works at New JKp^^jftas etttod that four hundred tgJspfeoMP £v(?_,'been supplied to the ;LaocashinS^nd Berke8hire Railway. \- TH» Bav. J. NICHOLSON.— From the Jdmeetem Review we learn that the Besr. J. Nicholson has entered on his duties in the Jamestown circuit. On Sunday the 11th mat. the rev. gentleman preached three sermons to large audiences, the cbapel being positively crowded for the afternoon and evening aervicej. On Monday a tea-meeting was held in eonneotion with the anniversary gmd was well patronised. At the subsequent Jublic meeting Wm. Haslam, Esq., presided. [r. Parkes addressed the meeting, and congratulated the members of the communion npon the accession of Mr. Nicholson to the pastorate of the circuit. Tbe Bev. Mr. Nicholson delivered an address on "The Cfcvebof the Future." ' 