TEic East Sydney Election. The Sydney correspondent of the Melbourne ' Argus' thus descants on tho above event ; — ' So far as the elections have gone hitherto (ho says) tho Government cannot bo said to have met with any enemies, no pronounced opponent having been returned. In fact, the East Sydney election is ihe only one that has as yet had any definite poli tical significance, and this was in consequence of the determined attempt Ilia Catholics made to throw Sir Henry Parkes out, or, at any rate, to put him lowest on the list of successful candidates. If he had stayed at Canterbury there would not have been the ghost of a chance against him, but it was known that he wished to wipe out Iub former defeat at East Sydney, and to got from that constituency a repentant ro-election. This gave tho Catholics just the chance they wanted. They aro pretty strong in East Sydney, and they resolved upon an organised attempt to wound his pride. To have put up a Catholic candidate, and lo have plumped for him, would not have answered the purpose — Best, bocauso it was doubt ful whether he would have got in, and he would not unless ho had been a man sufficiently popular on other grounds to catch a groat many Protestant yotes ; and secondly, because, even if he did got in, this wasto of the Catholic voto over one man would havo allowed Sir Henry Parkes to have secured tho pride of place at tho hoad of the poll. It was resolved, therefore, to give up all idea of plumping, The four most popular candidates next to Sir Honvy Parkes were chosen, and the Catholics wore instructed to vote for those four who were Messrs. Renwick, Reid, Dangar, and Roberts. There was a little hitch in arraugenients, as some were either pledged or determined to vote for Alderman Moore. But in the main the voting wont as ordered, and being a solid vote of about 3000, the plan was very effective. These four candidates were, of course, lifted relatively to Sir Henry Parkes. It was im possible for his solect friends, who had sot an inkling of tho instructions issued from St. Mary's, lo meet the attack otherwise than by' plump- ing, and this courso was adopted, especially in the morning. But for this he would have been thrown out, and, as it was, he waa only fourth o.n the poll. Of courso it was wounding to the pride of the Premier to be put so low down. It wns especially unpleasant, considering that ho was appealing to his old constituents to make the amende hoiiour abh ; but, of course, the greator tho wound to h's feelings, the greater the pleasure to thoso who had laid the plot. Both sides profess gratifica tion—the Premier at having beaten his enemies in spite of tho worst they could do, and they at having deprived him of the wished for-pleasnro of boasting his entiro rehabilitation in the affections of his old constituency. Tho fight, however, has for the time more widely than ovor alk-t.ated the Premier from tho priests. Ho hns often had the Catholic voto on previous occasions, or a good part of it ; but if over ho gots it again there will have to bo a good deal of forgiveness, or elso a very strong motive to pretend to it.' A serious firo occurred at Lithgow on Wednes day last, doing damage to tho oxtont of £2000. Alfred Barnes, William Winter, Samuel Taylor, and Thomas Williams were committed for trial for .personation at tho Sydney elections. A whip snake 4 feet 6 inches long wbb found coiled round u child in bed at Hill End' on Mon day night. Tho child was uninjured. A 'Palaco Dining Car,' in which refreshments of all kinds can be obtained by passengers, is about being attached to the mail trains running between Sydney and Gorogory. The trading schooner Ariel, which loft Sydnoy, on a cruise amongst the South Sea Islands in March last, and was supposed to be lost, arrived in Sydney on Monday last. 