N DIT—That Sir. Tomkinson means O Gumeracha, and so does Mr. Bundey (cousin io the greater B.), and so does someone-else who is coquetting with its constituency though now representing another am] safe comer; that- West Torrens may losrvj^ije^i !u«;-aber because of a trip to.England, aSd that any one who dares contest- the representation. vitli the other member should be able to stand, against all-the influence' which a favored Government can bring .to bear for the lielp of a.favorite supporter; that Onkaparinga will lose its-chivalrous indicator of manly sports, he als&Jiaving; made up^iis mind to go to England ; that one or two people want to know what Sir. Atkinson means about JNearittaga; and tliat-Stanley is 'really onjbhe '^okoui for two good men:. Furth&^tt dit— mat pl-esent Govermment will not iueet the House again,i and that the Minister of Education will have to bid farewell for ever to public life. And j plenty more. HERE is room for very serious thought in T this copy of a part of a letter written by a former residents Adelaide, who went to New Zealand to inheriti&ojne; property :—" Wellington, N.Z., October 188D.—I notice by the papers that S. A- is following the footsteps of New Zealand, havi^ inaugurated the system of borrowing for'public works, &z.; If your legislators only' %new the effect that policy h2s had and is now having upon this colony, I do not think they, would csary it 011 much longer. We are now suffering a relapse, and that of the worst kind. Business is something frightful; nothing doing; hundreds are out of employment, and hundreds are leaving the countiy for other colonies. We are taxed almost beyond bearing to pay interest, altogether something like .£3,000,000, per annum ; consequently the money which we ought to have in the country is sent away. For my part I do not know where it will end; but some say that we shall never be able to beep our payments good with the bondholders ; if we cannot, there will be a crash that will astonish some folks." ITO rumor is cvjrrent that an assistant in a T drapery, concern! in Adelaide has won £1000 by the result of the Melbourne GupRace. A great many persons (especially losers) will envy him; but ibther soubder thinkers will believe it a misfortune all round^-io winner and all who hear of it. " It will make them hungry I Surely there is enough of excitement and risk already natural to the world, without the introduction of artificial aids; and surely enough of cheatery and roguery, without additions that come as aids to gambling. .... A little while ago there jwas a great hubbub about a Hamburgh lottery swindle: are we to be consistent, and treat rightly all tendencies in the .same direction, or to make distinctions {hat are'more nice than real % As a matter of fact, there is entering into all main transactions and amusements of life a gambling spirit that is .moat injurious to the moral tone of society; and such, a growth were impossible if those to whom we have committed the task of refiraming the destinies of fins young natioh-^to-leading legislators—did not directly and personally lead the way. It is time that true patriots came to the front, and not only denounced the falsehoods of our public life, but resolved ihatthey sheuld be completely eradicated. S UBSCRIBER; -who likes to«peak well'of his i friends^ respecting one -ofvthem says candidly enouffhiJi&tlie; hasonlytwo defects-sense TTF, opening of the yachting season to-day T # (Saturday) will be the signal f^ Port.Adelaide putting on gay attire. the sp* -n^ty L aspect which it must needs forego on ordinary business days. The ships will display their busting, the Yacht Club, with their white sails and bright spars, and the rowing men in their gay costumes, will induce numbers of spectators. The usual programme will be followed. The yachts will be anchored off Martin's Point in line and upon being signalled by the Commodore will, follow the Zephyr down the river. The Port Adelaide and Adelaide Amateur Rowing Club Boats will follow the procession of yachts ; and upon the Zephyr reaching the New Magazine, the yachts will anchor in line abreast. The rowing boats will there form in line, and the Zephyr will then weigh and the yachts will salute the Commodore. Upon the Zephyr hauling down Code pennant the yachts are free to do as they please, and finish the day's sport by a spanking race np to tho Port. O UR veneration for the Civil Service is growing daily. We appreciate its courtesies, its capacity, and its culture. This is a sample letter of a gentleman who draws his monthly screwunder the sanction of a Minister of the Crown :— Sib—I have the honor to state that the bearer of this has identified himself to be John , which voucher you holds, and vjiiicla you will see by the loss of his left leg.—I have the honor to be, Sir, RAY'S Bill is absolutely pernicious, said B Messrs. Maim and Bundey—so exceedingly hurtful that the Ministry ventured on. a course that would (in any other instance) be called the reverse of honest and manly. The strength of their convictions did not, however, lead them to stay in Adelaide to counteract the injury that it was (according to their views) likely to do. One would have thought that tliey would have at once set to work to regulate the Courts, prepare new Local Court Rules, provide for suitable presiding Magistrates, and make an arrangement by which some of tlie judges might assist. S it true that there is a cons'U-utional point I affect- ing elections altogether disregarded by C!;.r member^. JP^rliainent. and-yet. of -..yejggf; great,i«tf|^ifeuee? —a-matter of fundamental constitutional principle, the members .of the one 'House absolutely' ought not to influence elections for the other ; and yet this thing has been donff over and over again. Probably, overlooking the bearings of the point, there have been active efforts in times past in favor of candidates for the respective Houses by members of either branch of the Legislature ; and it may be well that those legislators disposed to influence the next general elections should be warned of the t impolicy and the impropriety of such interference. HE measure of law reform which Mr. Bray's T Bill is designed to secure singularly enough does not- please the lawyers. Some say that it is terribly defective, and that may perchance supply the reason why Mr. Sheridan has manifested a desire to be understood as having nothing whatever to do with it. . . Mr. Octopus (who is_ said to be a tentacular gentleman, grave said shrewd, and with a wonderfully fine beard) has recorded 'a strong dissent to the Bill, as having imperfections winch should have been guarded against. Perhaps it might not be regarded as impertinent if we suggest that a special general meetingof disgusted lawyers should be called, with a.view to affording an opportunity for recording their strong disgust at the passing of the Bill. . . . If there were no other reason for this, there is one point—that by and by laymen will be able to deal with law without the aid'.of lawyers. for one effect, said to come under Bray's Bill (which we have not yet seen noted) is that a layman may " under permission " advocate a cause ; and under Sec. 225 of the Local Courts Act, lawyers, before they can sue their client, must have their costs taxed! If these things are not enough to make the professional legally bilious, pray what will 1 . . . . When lay interests and legal interests are brought face to face adversely, what a struggle ! EPRESENTATIVE institutions are not Ri alone abused in these colonies. The House of Lords forms, as we know, a sort of freehold for hereditaiy rights. A noble Lord whose patriotic enthusiasm had never boiled over, on one occasion curiously resolved to attend to his dutieB in Parliament, for the first time, though he was in the sere and yellow. He went to West minster, entered one of the chambers, sat between two distinguished members engaged in conversation, and for a long time did not discover his mistake, and that he had bungledjbis way into the ioc^^" J iilformgd "him that Tgfts an incourse,thai" Mj^JK^ ry iUjt acknowledgements to the Government \J ftinter. He has sent us a specimen of printreea^vertisement: we scarcely know which, i]!' iy admire it as the one, but certainly not as the other. . . When the Government did advertise' on the particular subject mentioned in this " specimen," some of our more ^conscientious" contemporaries milked the Government cow pretty severely. The result was stopple, and the honest suffered for the dishonest. OMEONE computes that there will b6 about S £75,000 spent in Melbourne by South Australians during this Exhibition-time, not one penny of which will coaie back to the colony. Veiy good:. we should not grudge doing a good turn. . . But there are the other colonies: the richest —New South Wales; the most ambitious—Queensland ; the most lymphatic—Tasmania; and th e most deeply indebted—New Zealand. Will not these altogether bring up the total extra expenditure by which Melbourne will benefit to something like a quarter of a million ? " • TERLING? We fancy that is not very far s from the mark; and the fact is suggestive : is it not fair that South Australia should "go in" for ^national and intercolonial exhibition, to be held- somewhere about four years hence ?By that time w.e ought* to be pretty nearly strong enough to attempt it with success. Eh ? —The above nice little sum of £75,000 , does not'include the amount which our embryo sporting-men (composed of the elite of our "public men, our teachers of morals, and the flower of our shop-walkers, confidential clerks, and others) may and" probably will drop into the hands of sharpers' and betting-book makers, for obvious reasons that cannot be more accurately calculated than the source whence the money comes HERE'S more trouble about the lack of railway trucks for quarry purposes. The pro- T prietors of one of the quarries tells us that he has —in consequence of inability to procure trucks— had to work his men half or quarter-time for weeks together ; and as" a result they have in desjSdfcr^ given up the job. Meanwhile there is a .igieajypiitsry, for stone for building and road purposes,. -and some anxiety for employment. If ws had tiie ear of authority, wouldn't we tell them what, they ought to do ! HE North Adelaide constituency has all along T felt tolerably proud of its representative, Mr. Peacock; and now wants to know what sort of an account he can give of himself preparatory to his re-engagement. It is said that he has spoken only thrice since his election—twice when the interests of an institution of which he is a director •were under discussion; and once just before the •close of the session, in an unsuccessful effort to get a back-way into the Adelaide Railway ! Brilliant; isn't it! . LUNT desires very respectfully to announce B ' to the numerous persons interested in his pecuniary welfare that " being of a,Sanguine temperament," he hopes to pay his debts some day. And further, being endued with more than an ordinary amount of sensitiveness, he will (though it may cost him years of effort, and involve a large logs to those who are sb complaisant as to trust him) carefully avoid rushing into an Insolvent Court, or adopting any means to lessen the pleasant anxiety for his welfare that interested persons may feel. horrible, stabbing- case on the Nairne rAT. Railway ' There are a great many people who will attribute the murder to Walsh: that would be wrong—it was the brandy-bottle did it, without a doubt. Walsh would no more have got into that trouble without the drink than he would have attempted to fly. But some people contend strongly and abusively for the liberty of the subject in the matter of Sunday drinking; and, so long as they are in the majority, we must make up our minds to run the chances of Sunday murders. . . What better day than an idle Sunday for drink and murder ! I N the Port Local Court on Tuesday there occurred an incident requiring comment. The Stipendiary Magistrate sat as a Court of Limited Jurisdiction, and Mr. Henderson, J. P., (who had formed a member of the Full Jurisdiction Court a short time previously} remained on the Bench, but not as a membetf of the then Court. Mr. Sinclair protested against Mr. Henderson's presence, asserting that he was interested in the case then called on. As a matter of fact, we are informed he was not interested in it, nor was he taking any part other than that of a spectator ; so the protest was by no means called for. . . But the point is this—whether the gentlemen .who fulfil oilerous and unpaid positions so important and necessary as tms should not have a "fuller protection than is at present provided 1 • T is said that " Dutch courage " will kill at five I yarde,if indulged iatoo frequently. R. MTJECKE (who belongs to UB) has taken D a very strong, and to a largfe extent warranted position against a citation by-Dr. Moorhouse, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, levelled against the German national character. His protest appears in a letter to the Argus and will no doubt receive the warm support of his cojmtryrt>i»n. > . - ONES stayed, away from office the oth^day, J because he wanted to go to a cricket ' Some important accounts that had to] the English Mail were jSN^J^feif" lost his situation, but declares that he will turn-, his attention to politics, because an M.P. is-the only man (especially if he be ^a Mimster)'who •• can neglect his work with immunity. .W^liave set Mr. Skyt to watch Jones's deiuf-on thrust},' ings. He will doubtlessly be found "true to the best interests of the working man "-mid to payment of members." HAT miserable sinner, Grumpy, has visited T all the street corners regularly this week, past, "" and button-holed the Messrs. Widear, EJI&UIUS;, Spyte, Envee, Mallis, and Wasp, "and their sisters, and their cousins, and their aunts," and iwhispered his little tittle-tattle of arid nothings. It is his old habit : every one is' wrong but he ; every thing is wrong but thatwhich he does. The only employment which yiehfe-him comsort-is the discovery of a new social scandal, or a chance of traducing his neighbors.. Lean, tall, angular, , awkward, dark, bilious, and cadaverous, his unwholesomely gloomy face — whence "all the youth has gone out"—is unwelcome as a hailstorm in harvest, as influenza, - as tliie toothache and he is managing with marvellous success to go through life without making a friend .or deserving one. And yet he means well; only his brain has "got a crinkle in it, and his small soul has been turned sour by the sunlight of other folks'prosperity. ,. * _ UNCH has seldom had a smarter'thing than P that "telegraphic correspondence between the Attorney General and. Treasurer, aneiit the ul'w Local Court Bill. We wonder if there was in it (like our own Clairvoyant's reports) some foundation of truth. We fancy the expletive" looks quite natural. HE " people of Pert Pirie gave a most hearty T and gratifying leave-taking" to Mr. W. H. Ross, Manager of the local branch Bank "of South Australia, on the occasion of his being -appointed to the Port. He appears during the seven years of his residence to have won-the esteem of his fellow-townsmen, and to have been - of great use to the place in advancing its social, commercial, and religious movements. A handsome presentation was made at a banquet,-which was attended by a thoroughly- representative gathering. He left for the Port on Saturday evening. OUGHT and sold; spring and winter ; seventy-four and twenty-four—Malmesbury and B Hamilton. If she had been seventy-four and he twenty-four, what a terrible ontciy I N indignant thrill comes to. tas in a letter, giving an account of hoar a partly-inebriated person A was pushed down the steps of a building by the M.C. of a quadrille party, at the Port. The writer suggests a padded room for the M.C., and greater consideration for " offensive people." Inoffensive people should always be treated inoffensively ; but who is to provide padded rooms sufficient for all excitable M.C's ? v..-;. G T ENERAL comment—that during thelafct few days the tone of the Advertiser has grteatly improved; .and that it is growing more like it used to be in Mr. Barrow's days. HE Port Land Company direiotora have had the satisaction of paying a divideniof J2? per share. Of course the shareholder wish that all the world was in it. ? ROFESSOR Pepper withhis ipi^itabie ghost P may be expected shortly at the Port.; Bat the Ghost does not care to come unless thpre is prospect of as great a rush of welcome asredeivfcd at other places. . . " J '' HE Chinese on -the Margaret goldfield cite T vindicating their descriptive title '' child-like, and bland,*" which we had always regarded as rather too flattering. The Northern Territory paper says:—The largest contributions in aid of our Wesleyan Church were collected from the Chinese on the Margaret. A correspondent informs us that .many imagined they werfe paying their miners' r rights to the new warden V '. . Pray, name'your joker, amiable contempippry^ W RITTEN over the tablet containing the Ten Commandments, at Awelok Church, Wales, these consonants, wanting only one vowel, contain a problem said . impossible^ to the Audi^ r Department:— • P B S vIb T PErCTlCif; \- - t - ^ .-v." 