Coal in Queensland. At present but little is accurately known of the older sedimentary rocks of Central and Northern Queensland-in them a spacious crypt of geological records awaits the zeal of the student. The sparse and rudimentary knowledge of these deposits so far acquired has been mainly derived from cursory observation at isolated points, and from fosBÜa incidentally occurring in outcrops, &c;, whose mutual relations have not been systematically determined. It is not surprising, therefore, that the earliest charts of a country whose geological features have been so varied by denudation and volcanic agency should be liable to some connection as the result of more minute exploration ; nor is it by any means a matter of trivial importance that a careful investigation of these rocks should be carried out at an early date. On the contrary it is highly desirable that any erroneous estimation of them should be corrected as quickly as may be, for on our knowledge of them, true or false, are based practical conclusions affecting the public interest for good or evil. If Queensland is to compete with or even render herself independent of other countries in manufactures, that mineral which is the prime factor of mechanical power, or at least the sine qua non of continuous progress, must be sought wherever the metals invite the furnace and wherever industrial arts spring up in other forms. On the other hand it is scarcely less important that the capital of our young and struggling tradesman Queensland should be spared the waste of futile speculation should be guarded from abortive attempts to find coal where induction, otherwise science, unhesitatingly declares it to be non-existent. Often as the baseless search for coal involving the ruin of the misled adventurer has been reprobated and its absurdities exposed by British geologists, there are sufficient indications that the same rash spirit is latent among our own people. Coelum non unionism mutant qui trans mare currant, Given the pseudo wisdom of intelligent uninstructednesB sharpened by greed or the pride of display, and a piece of lignite, black shale, or even blue clay becomes the divining rod pointing to the coal treasure beneath. Given the possession of a little spare capital, and the ghost of the potentiality of growing rich" beckons the unlucky neophyte down a perpendicular shaft of loss and discomfiture. Our only mode of teaching the coal seeker to avoid barren ground exists to demonstrate its barrenness on geological principles-to show him that the great bulk of the coal measures has been formed at a particular period of the world's history that consequently if the rocks beneath his feet be of earlier date itisinipossiblo that in or below them he should find thick coal-that if the surface rock be recent the depth at which the coal may possibly be (a depth to be determined only by survey may still place the coveted mineral utterly beyond his reach. Burdened as our country already is with debt it is of the most pressing importance that all her natural resources should be developed as rapidly as possible, and that with a minimum liability to individual loss and dis- couragement. Had the geological conditions under which gold presents itself in the Queensland rocks been familiarly known at the outset of gold adventure many a thousand pounds worth of time and sinew would have been saved to the general fund of wealth-the hard-handed digger would have been better advised than to sink on the top of a hill of undisturbed shale or burrow deep into the heart of basalt-and even yet it were much to be desired that prospectors worked more generally in the light of known facts obtaining wherever the most payable gold occurs and so direct their first and most strenuous cubits towards new finds in the spots where geology recognises as a prize a probability of gold existing. True it is that vast quantities of the metal have been found by hap- hazard prospecting ; but so much and probably more would have been discovered at far less expense of time and uicauB find the search for seated gold been more frequently guided by a study of the primary rocks. These remarks so far as they relate to coal have been occasioned by the result of an examination of the Paleozoic rocks of the Fitzroy valley or more correctly of the country extending from the embouchure of the river to a point on the coast about eighty miles northward and from the coast itself nearly to the edge of the Upper Carboniferous area to the west. The study of these deposits was commenced under the impression that they were Devonian-a precon- ception derived from a memoir and map published by the Geological Society of London in 1872 and as long as that impression remained but one answer could be given to enquiries respecting coal that its presence within the given limits was virtually an impossibility. Of late however a suspicion, gradually strengthening into a conviction, based upon that the palaeozoic under notice belong to the era succeeding that of the Devonian, and that consequently the existence of some coal within them cannot be so positively denied. At the risk of tearing the patience of a reader rather severely, the grounds on which the alteration of date is proposed may be given as briefly and simply as possible. In an appendix to the memoir previously mentioned, the paleontologist to whom were submitted the zoological fossils collected by its author described a number of the shells us Devonian forms. Two of these, however, are confessedly not found in the British rocks of that age, and a third is certainly carboniferous. Further, in speaking of one of these shells, Productus cora, Mr. Etheridge notices the (angu- larity of its association with the plant Lepido centres in Queensland, a tree whose remains he says are there confined to the Devonian strata. The difficulty thus raised by a plant which else- where is almost characteristically carboniferous he explains by suppe rug that it appeared in the Southern Hemisphere at an earlier period than in the Northern. It is evident, however, that it is quite as allowable to a botanist to declare the Queensland rocks containing lepidodendron to be carboniferous, and observe that certain associated shells ranged somewhat higher in the strata in the New World than they are found to do in the Old, The truth is that, however valuable some shells even of a widely ranging and variable family like the Bpirifers may be in fixing the relative age of beds, it is rather hazardous to trust unreservedly to others, more especially when their testimony seems to be con- tradicted by that of accompanying relics. From this it will be admitted that the evidence on which wide areas of the country were mapped as Devonian, however stable it may prove on the whole, is very liable to be overset by additional information respecting particular portions of them. We may now proceed with the proofs that the country under review is a case in point, observing by the way of a preliminary that the whole of its palaeozoic rocks are of the same age -a fact sufficiently proven by the presence of a peculiar plant throughout the series. In an angle formed by the river Fitzroy, about ten to fifteen miles north of Rockhampton, the major part of the group may be studied with as much convenience as the generally disturbed state of these deposits permits. They are there seen to fall into two fairly characterised divisions. The one, in which the indurated shales of the Rockhampton quarry and of Burnetville may be included, may be termed for emphasis the Plant Beds. It may be described in general terms as a drift accumulation of pale sandstones and inter- posed shales resting on a thick series of red marls and clays. In the midst of the deposition of sand an interruption occurred during which a considerable thickness of limestone more or less pure was precipitated before the sands were again allowed to gather. The shales and marls of this division abound in remains of the plant before spoken of, and in some instances present it in its place of growth. The sandstones on the other hand are rich in other plants of the period -episode- dron, stigmata, cardicearpum, ferns, etc, but all in a fragmentary and well-preserved condition. Throughout this series animal life is extremely rare poetic and a singular being the only forms yet discovered. Overlooking the lime- stone it may be safely said that estuarial conditions prevailed at this period during which the floods swept down Band and mud into a shallow sea, charged them with the comminuted and half rotted debris of the inland forests, and let fall fresh layers of clay upon flats covered with a moss like vegetation. This state of things continued until the aggregate thickness of the various beds exceeded 1200ft., when a change, foreshadowed by the temporary cessation of the arenaceous deposits before mentioned, became established. Deep water, contiguous to shores fringed with the shale and limestone rocks of a former eia, 7 supplied the corals of that day with materials for their reefs ; colonies of Eea lilies (enormities) bringing their stony 7-2- ?*.?'~>" tile Btlliil;'IBs i reef and rock BwariuQMHi the old-world l^feriwinUes (pleuro tammiJme.) and augers (Murchison's) of various species ; the I: bottom nurtured hosts of politics (spirifers^'scStlops, (¡iviculopecea), and other bivalves and all these, together with sponges, coralline, fish, and perhaps reptiles, yielded their reserves to the force of the tides to be buried in the shingle of successive beaches. Such is the history registered in the stone documents of the second division, composed of upwards of SOOfc. of pure and argillaceous HuiBtone and subordinate beds of shale. The currents which had carried down the waste of the land and its plants were arrested or diverted, and beyond the persistent traces in the shales of the prevailing plant a few torn frauds of a fern (Pecopteris) alone attest the vicinity of terrestrial life. The abundant marine fauna of this away. and period of the palaeozoic sea is mostly collo- cated in a succession of breccias near the top of the calcareous rocks. Four of those may be made out, each indicating a' new shore line, and being in some places simply a mass of shells, zoophytes, etc, cemented together by the matrix. Among the mollusca of these and other beds of the series occur not only the species acknowledged to be non Devonian in Britain, but also a she'll which can hardly be referred to any other known species than spirited Btriatn, a typical shell of the carboniferous rocks, realise discovery of this shell led to a careful search among the vegetable remains of the lower division of the group, which was rewarded by the further discovery of a cyclostrema, a lopidendroid tree having ch cular instead of rhomboidal leaf scarB. Cyclostigma is considered by Professor Hear c-The one of the most characteristic genera of flower section of the carboniferous formation.? 'v the sandstone beds in which it victoria in the south of Ireland and the Vosges have on account of their associated flora been combined by him with the carboniferous beds of Bear Island and elsewhere under a peculiar designation. It may not at present be advisable to indentify the pale sandstones of the Fitzroy with the yellow sand- stone of Ireland, yet the resemblance between the mineral characters and plant remains of the division whereof they are members with the lower beds of the carboniferous system of Europe, and between the shells, etc., of the calcareous divison with those of the mountain lime- stone, seems to warrant a proposal to entitle the whole group Lower Carboniferous instead of Devonian as heretofore. To return to practical considerations The view of these rocks now suggested influences to some extent our estimation of them as repositories of coal. Coal beds of vary- ing but limited thickness may exist at any level among the sandstones and shales of the Lower Carboniferous, but the cases in which they have been found payable are very rare. We are indeed no longer at liberty to say that the mineral is entirely absent from the lower valley of the Fitzroy and localities similarly conditioned ; neverthe- less attempts to find an isolated bed by sinking, or any great outlay in driving upon an outcrop in the hope of its thickening into a profitable seam, are strongly to he deprecated. In such areas nothing short of the appearance on the surface of thick and good coal would justify expenditure. To some it may appear that this result of a change of classification is of less value than the ex- ample it affords, or, more modestly, the possibility it suggests, of the necessity of more extended researches into our Queensland rocks that have hitherto been made. If this be so it is to be hoped that at no distant day a systematic examination of the whole country will be set Cms. W. Devis. 