m the art OF destruction. ! ' ! , ITle curious theory wns rooently advanced' by sthe' Saturday Review that after a few more' im provements in firearms there will be no more, battles. ' There iB a suggestion that this"; result may have already beon reached in naval war fare, in the tact that neither in the Franco-Prus- i- sian nor the Russo-Turkish war was thore any htnaval battles of consequence, although all tho 'm combatants had squandered immense suidb of ,'i;money on. their navies. Tho inferenco is that, . ; knowing that in cortain contingencies their forces '"might be exterminated, they forbore to run tho j risk of exposure to hopeless destruction; The JyReyiew argues that this will bo the ultimate ro- "sult'of contests botween nations which equip their armies with tho weapons which will pro bably be invented daring tho the next half ceii- tury. War will become a species of game, and tffe army which, when brought face to face with a stronger force, realises that it will be annihi lated if it enters into an engagement will yield . r.i without fighting. In that ' very '.'excellent, and ' :carefully-edited publication, the United Service, 'published at Philadelphia, there is an article - by E.Henry Lacombe which, while it does not as sume to support the Review's half serious, half humorous theory, does contain some: singular , facts which seem to show that each marked im provement in destructive weapons is the "cause of a decreased lossjof life in battle. i The writer has grouped into four periods the more prominent battles of - the last 250 years, and has stated, with all the accuracy attainable/ the average percentage of killed ana wounded to the whole number engaged. !. He has made no effort at the selection of battles favourable to the theory, and he has included only engage ments in the field. Some pitched battles, such as Waterloo,- have been omitted because accu- -. rate '.estimates of loss were not accessible. The first periodextehds from the time when the use of firearms became general to the introduction of! the iron ramrod and the bayonet. The battles i included in this period ore those of Leipsic, Lut- i ' zen/Nordlingen, Rocroy, Maraton Moor, Nase- | by, and Seneff, and the dates range from 163 1 | to 1674. The. slightest i- relative loss was at Marston Moor, -16 per cent., and- the heaviest at j .-Rocroy, 35 per cent. The average percentage of ' casualties for the period was. 26. A noticeable j feature of this period is the large proportion of j ? killed to the entire number of casualties.; At ! Marston Moor the'ontirelosBes\vore7500, but more 1 than half of the, number were killed ; at Rocroy j of 18,000 Spanish infantry, 9000 were killed in their ranks., : ! The second period selected extends from 1745 ; s.rto 1814, -and 'twenty-two battles— among them : Fonteuoy, Marengo, Austerlitz, Jena, Wagram, ' \- Leipsic; ' and Bautzen— are included: ' The inr I '/fantry arin of this period was; the old " Brown ' "Bess," a smooth-bore flint lock/' with bayonet. | '/The smallest relative' loss in ; this period ' was at ! " Vittoria,' 8'per 'cent'. , and the largest at Zorn- dorf, 40 per cent. The average percentage of casualties for the period was 20½ per cent., or :;6i per cent, less than during the previous period, o The 'third period is ; that of rifled ' barrels and percussion caps, from 1854 to 1863. Eleven j "'battles/ among the'm Alma/ Magenta, Solferino j /Shiloh,: Gltickahominy, Froderickaburgj Ghaii- ! ' ceilorville, and Gettysburg are included ; the percentages pf loBs range from: 8 to 28. per cent./ . and the average is 15 per cent., or per cent: less than .in; the second .period.:,; 'The . fourth period., dates,;frpm. the first appearance of the ' breech-loader, and includes the battles of Konig- gratz, Woerth, Spicheren, Mars-le-Tour, Grave- lotte/ and i Sedan.;' ' Tlie percentage f of/ losses ranges "from 7 to' 16, and the average" is only 11/ . .or 4, per cent , less . than in, the . third; period: -v, These are/ very curious facts, which students of the science'of war will doubtless find BUggestiVe. .The writer is careful to give his authorities, and ''/the figures contained in his tabulations may' doubtless be depended upon for approximate accuracy. . . > y. ' , i i i j , . : Sourge- oe ebraonai; Beauty.— A boautiful peraon is the natural iform, of a beautiful soul. g.Thejmindvbuilds its, o.wn house: ,'i'he soul . takes/ precedence'of the body/ahd shapes the body to its own likeness: / A' vacant mind takes all the meaning out of. the fairest face. A sensual dis position deforms the handsomest features. A ''cdld/ selfish heart shrivels and distorts the best looks.' ,,A mean, grovelling spirit takes all the 'dignity out' of the figure' and' all 'tho cHaraoter ont of the countenance. ' A cherished hatred transforms the most beautiful lineaments into au ,.image-pf ugliness. It is impossible, to preserve1 good looks with a brood of bad passions feeding - on the bl6od;fa set of low loves, tramping through the heart, and a selfish, disdainful spirit en- :i-'throned in:the:':will/as:to;pres'erve. tlie beauty of i-au elegant mansion with; a litteriof swine in the basement, a tribe- of; gipsies in the-parlour, land owls and vultures in the upper part. Badness' and beauty will ho mbrerkeep" company a groat while than -'poisbh' will consort with-health, or 7kh"elegant carving survive. the furnace fire. The: experiment of putting ; them ; together has been ; tried for thousands of " years/ but witli' oiie uh- Yarying":result/; There is /no sculptor /like/ tlie mind. There'is nothing that so refines, 'polishes, and ennobles face and mien as the constant pre sence of great thoughts. " The man fwlio lives in the region of ideas, moonbeams though they bo, ' becomes idealised.1 There are no arts, no.gym- naBtics'/; no 'cpsriieiica', 'which, can'-'coritributo a tithe.sp'much: to. tlie ':dignity, the streiigtli, ihe ehhoblihgjdf. aVma'n's lopks/as a great purpose, ' h, high determinatioh, a noble- principle, aiid un quenchable enthusiasm. But , more, powerful still than any .of these as a : beautifier of . . the pel - son ia the overmastering , purpose. and prevading disposition of kindtiess iin the: heart. Affection is':the!orgahisihglorce in the human constitution. "Woman is fuirer than man because she has more affection !than than. Loveliness is the outside of- lbye.'. 'Kindhess, good /will,' a .'prevailing desire' iindefiisinaUiin' to/inuake 'othenl/hiappy/make'. the body a temple, bf'tlie ; Holy' Ghost .. The .'soul'' .that 'is- full .'of: piire ahd/genorous ; affections fashions ,'th'e. 'features, into its/own . angeliAlik'o'-, ness,-as the -:rose by: jihherent .impulse ;grpws iii grace and blossoms into loveliness which art cannot equal.l /There ia nothing .on earth which bo v'qu ick ly transfigures '"h personality, 'relhies, exalts, irradiates with heaven's own ' impress of loveliness, as a pervading prevailing kindness of heart. The angels 'are beautiful because they are good/and God is beauty because he is love. 