PUBLIC SCHOOLS MATCH. On Monday and yesterday afternoons a very large concourse of people assembled on either side of the Yarra, from Prince's-bridge to the Botanical Gardens, to witness the public schools contests. It will be remembered that the Scotch College succeeded in appropriating the Sumner Challenge Cup, having won it the necessary three times. It thus becoming their absolute property, Mr. George Fairbaim, sen., then came to the rescue of the schools' races, and very libe- rally presented another handsome trophy to be competed for by the public schools, and the races in question were the first contests for the Fair- bain Cup, The course was the old regatta course, viz., from Edwards's boat sheds to the Botanical Gardens-bridge, a distance of slightly over a mile and an eighth. There was a strong current on, which gave the south side boat an immense advantage in each heat. The south side is at any time much the better side to have, so that that fact, together with the stream, gave the Geelong school a tremendous advantage, though at the same time the rowing of the Scotch College was so weak as compared with the Gee- long boys (or rather, we should say, men) that even had they changed sides it is not at all likely the result of the race would have been different. In the second heat the Church of England Gram- mar School met the Wesleyans, and polished them off with the greatest ease. Messrs. Colville, Nichols and Levey acted as starter, umpire and judge respectively. The following are the de- tails of the races : — First Heat. South side : Geelong Grammar School— 1, F. Richardson, 11 st. 8 lb. ; 2, R. Broughton, 11 st. 7 lb. ; 3, W. Moffatt, 11 st. 7 lb. ; str., S. Fair- bairn, 12 st. 8 lb. ; T Bailey, cox .................... 1 North side: Scotch College— Bow, Whan; 2, Aiken ; 3, Cummin ; stroke, Elliott ; F. Ed- wards, cox ........................................................2 Mr. Colville sent these off to a good start, the College getting a little the best of it for about 100 yards ; then the Geelong drew up rapidly, passed them at the first corner, and on rounding the corner were a couple of lengths to the good ; and it was evident that, barring accidents, they must win easily, as their style was so immeasur- ably superior to the Scotch College, they got hold of the water with a proper cutch, especi- ally the stroke, whilst the College were rowing a dead stroke without the slightest catch, 3 apparently not knowing the way to get his weight on at all ; nor did the others. As the crew reached Brander's Ferry the Geelong had about five lengths to the good, and kept on rapidly drawing further away, finally passing the judge four clear lengths ahead of their op- ponents. The second heat was between the two following : — Second Heat. South side : Church of England Grammar School — 1, S. A. Buckuall, 10 st. 12 lb.; 2, A. L. Pearson, 11 st. 8 lb.; 3, F. E. Thotneman, 10 st. 9 lb.; str., W. St. J. Chaso, 9 st. 12 lb.; A. Edwards, cox. .. 1 North side: Wesley College— 1, H. C. Griffiths, 10 st. 6 lb.; 2, H. L. Permewan, 10 st. 7 lb.; 3, J. H. Trahan. 10 st. 10 lb.; str., G. A. W. Stewart, 10 st. 1 lb.; J. W. Hicker, cox ............................. 2 The instant the start was given the Grammar School lads made tracks in a most remarkable manner, not giving their opponents the "ghost, of a chance" for a single stroke. The Wesley boat appeared to be very weak, and so were the men for the matter of that, consequently they were beaten by about five lengths. The final heat, between the Geelong Grammar School and the Melbourne Grammar School, took place yesterday afternoon. The Melbourne Grammar School boys won the toss, and of course selected the south side. Both crews got off well when the start was given, and rowed neck and neck to the first corner, where the Melbourne lads drew away nearly a length. When round the corner the Geelong drew up nearly level, and the two boats kept close together all the way up the long reach. When the baths corner was reached the Geelong men, having the inside run- ning, rapidly drew ahead, and finally passed the judge two and a-half lengths ahead. The race was a splendid one to the baths corner, as the Melbourne, having the advantage of the south side, made up for their being nothing like so strong a crew as the Geelong. Mr. S. Fairbairn, the stroke of the Geelong crew, will be a grand oarsman. He is far away the best stroke we have seen amongst the school crews. 