LEG TSLATI'V 35 ASSEMBLY . "Wkun'iwdav. 7tm Amur,. Tho Si'MAK mi took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. ill'gJl'LATlON AMI MA.VA(JI:.MI;NT OF ITHLU; i'AJIKS. Mr. JLOSKrN.S, in replv to Mr. Taylor, stated that the amendment of the Public Parks Act for the better regulation and management of the public parks would receive due consideration after the disposal of other measures which had been prepared by tho Lands 'Department. RAILWAY J'LATl-'OUM 11LTWHI2.V PA 1UIAAIATTA , STATION" AND .irN'LTION. - \ \ Mr. LACKEY informed Mr. Taylor that the ques- Tion of a platform at the crossing at Harris' Estate, hetweeu the Parratnalta station and junction, had not hitherto .been brought under bis notice, but he would cause inquiry to be made,. W.UTINU-UOOM ACCOMMODATION AT I'A IUt AM ATX A STATION. , . . Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Taylor,! stated that the new station buildings which are to be erected at the tip-Une side of Parraiuatta station would provide for any deficiency there might be in waiting-room accommodation. In three weeks the plans would be ready and the work proceeded with, t . THE PENNY POSTAGE. ; The COLONIAL SECRETARY informed Mr. Tay lor that there wub no intentiou at present of extend ing the penny postage beyond the limits to which it now applies. ' - KI'P.I?IAL EXCURSION A II It A NO EM ENT8. Air, LACKEY informed Mr. Taylor' that the ordi nary trains could not be made use of for excursion traffic without great inconvenience and ' crowding, but special excursion tickets would be, however, arranged, fo as to be available by tourist's trains arriving iu Sydney ou Monday mornings from Camp- helltown, Richmond and Penrith. mil 1)1 j K OVKII TUK namol K1V15II AT WALUIiTT, Mr. LACKEY, iu reply to Mr. Hangar, stated that .the tender of Frederick Slavelcv, for the erection of. a bridge over the Nauioi River at Walgctt, had been accepted oil the 2oth ult. Fresh tenders would there fore bo unnecessary. PETITION. Mr. BUCHANAN presented a i»ctition from about 1300 residents of Mmigco, complaining that for some time past the trades of saddlery, carpentering, wood cutting, painting, boot making, aud bookbinding lmd been carried on in tho gaol at Mudgeo, competing with outside tradesmen at rates below the ruling prides, and. praying the Houao to prevent the gaols competing with free labour in future. The petition was received. 1 PAPKlt. . Mr.. WATSON laid on the table a return showing tho, number and tonnage? of vessels that had visited the, port ? of Newcastle from January, 1871, to ath April,- J880.. j > . .. PERSONAL 'EXPLANATION. Mr. GARRETT desired'.to make an apology to the hon. member for -Yass' Plains for. an» interjection he bad made on . a. previous Lcvening when that lion, member .was < Speaking. Ho (Mr. .Garrett) had said that .clause 3t» of the Constitution. . Act had been re pealed; And it would not be nccessaryJfor.a'Bill alter ing the Constitution Act to be sent, home for' Her Majesty's aasent.-i .Ho found,. however,- That die was mistaken, and that, this clause was only temporarily repealed; \ L POWEflS 'Ol LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL VDECLATtATOltY Mitr/ft.'! y 1; The debate oii the second reading of the above Bill was continued by - " J !l Mr. FITZPATRICK, who' said that as the bbn.' member- who had moved the adjournment of the de bate' wasnot -present, be 'would take the oppor tunity of addressing the House on ; the mea sure. "VYltH respect to the; apology 'tendered him by the hon. member foi" Camden ue ; accepted it, but there war one thing in- connection witb that hon. member's interjection that was' worthy' of com ment. It was that when he made the statement1 that the law referring to amendments in the 'Constitntion' Act had been- repealed he was met with a round of cheers from tho other-side of the House. Tlia-in his opinion could only mean that a 'number1 of hon. members who had cheered bad never either read or secivthe Bill, and he thought the circumstance showed that the House was not in tho sort of temper to go' into such measures n's involved not only fhelittlconts at present there,. but the best interests of the country in the future. . The laboured arguments of the Colonial Secretary were entitled to a reply; if not from their inherent logic, at least for the position of tiie speaker. He had road tlie speech, and ' had tried to analyse it ; and following the practice of analytical chemists of 1 dividing it into 100 parts, be found that about 70 : patts consisted of turgid declaniation, 20 parts of an able abstract of the history of the early struggles in; England, having as much relevancy to? the subject as tho fifth wheel oF a coach, and the balanco, or residuum, as the chemists called it, of personal vanity.. (Laughter.) The lion, the Premier, when he made his Ministerial statement, declared in em phatic terms that he had. no quarrel with the Upper House, and was -very, angry with those, who had. It might bethafc 'the hon.' gentlcmad cbiudderedHt be- , neath his dignity to liavo such a quarrel, but there ' was no doubt he wanted to destroy the Upper Cham ber, and that lie had decided unequivocally to rub it . out as being inconsistent with proper 'government. He had asserted that the nominee principle -was vicious and inconsistent with proper legislative prin ciples. Those were very large and very rash words. W as it to be desired that the will of one man should guide legislation ; on the contrary, what, was sought by the Constitution was that the will of every free man should' have its proper power in directing the destinies of the State, aud that legislation should not be the outcome of sudden violent action, but the re sult of the deliberations and thought of the wisest amongst us, and in order to secure that end the system of dual; Chambers bad always been selected. Speaking of the- nominee sys tem, the hon. member referred to the House of Lords, contending that a very small number of its members were of lineage' dating further back than the accession rof. the Gnelph family to the throne of England. The hereditary principle was in fact not kept up, and had it not been for the additions made to the peerage by the Crown from time to time of men celebrated for their wisdom and learning, the House of Lords would not have lasted until the pre- Bene century. He urged that the .constitution of this colony was'more like that of England fchaii any other, except those in which the nominee principle was adop- ted. xne disadvantages or an elective upper unamocr were palpably shown in the neighbouring' colony of Victoria, where . deadlocks frequently ' occurred through , the elective Upper- House claiming equal powers with the Assembly; Our Upper House, how-- ever, had never attempted -'such a thing, aud all that could be laid to their ehnrgo was that thCy had per sistently refused to pass ordinary legislation that had passed the Lower House. But' was the Upper House intended only to be' a registry-office for the Assembly. The' House of Lords hail "taken similar action with respect to the Bill to Legalise. Marriuges . with a Deceased Wife's Sister, and yet no one dreamt of bringing in a Bill to abolish them. He accused the Premier of fomenting a quarrel with the Upper House and of having a. wish to destroy it. Jle argued that the alteration made in the Stamp Tax Bill by the Upper House was not a substantial amendment of the mcasnre,-but simply the clcnriug lip of an ambiguity which the Assembly admitted- oxisted. AYhut possible harm could result from such aiMuncndincut, especially when it lmd been unequi vocally asserLed in the Assembly that ihc Bill was not meant to.be retrospcetivo, and the amendment was' simply intended to express that meauing? ;It bad been said that the course taken by the Council wa\s but the thin end of tho wedge, introduced for the purpose of extorting oth'gr privileges in future but. if they had 'such a motive, could. they npt have taken some fjetter means thau simply explaining a Bill iu- t|io. 'manner that was at first intended by the Assembly ? , The hon. member proceeded. . .to farther . traverse the speech of the Colonial' Secretary,, and referred to the startling asser tion, that the Constitution of England was not entirely unwritten. This, he concluded, was not correct. It was true that volumes of resolutions passed by both the Houso of Lords and the Ilcu9c of Commons, might be . found ; aud that so far as tbc liberty of the subject, and the acquisition and reten tion of property were concerned, there were written laws. But the Constitution of England, as relating to Parliamentary' institutions and government, was entirely unwritten. There was no statute defining it. and there never could be one. The hon. member had spoken of Magna Charta and the. Bill of Rights. (An ;hon. Memrku : "Is not that written?") It was, but not a syllabic of it touched the question at issue between the Assembly and the Council. As a matter of fact there was nothing in the Consti tution Act compelling Ministers to be members of either House. It was only a necessity of requiring money for the public service of the country that obliged the Governor to seek his advisers from the members of Parliament. A'gain tbc Estimates were sent to that House because they had to be forwarded by the Governor and initiated in the Lower House. There was notliing it was true, in the Constitution Act to compel Ministers to retire when beaten in Par liament, but itwas well known that if they did not do so they would be kicked out. The ablest effort made by the Premier iu his speech was the history of English Government, but it unfortunately did not apply at all to the caso he was arguing. In New South "Wales they had a Constitution Act. In Eng land the Constitution had grown up and the peril of tn-day here and elsewhere was not to wrest rights from kings and nobles, lmt to put a bit in the mouth of Democracy with which to cheek it. It was a grand old dictum that the Upper House should not alter rates or imposts. In what respect had the Upper House altered or attempted to alter this great principle established over 200 years. They had certainly not cveu nought to do it with re gard to the Stamp Duties Bill. Until how, how ever, the Lower House had never contouded against the right of the Council to niter .money Bills, but had contented itself, witb refusing to. consent to any such legislation. What that House should do was to fol low a frequent precedent of the House ol" Commons. Either accept the vcibal amendment of the Bill, accompanying the same with a protest, or throw the Bill under the table. Tho Premier had treated tho House to F.ouie long quotations from authorities — real authorities. The quotation from Do Lohne, how ever, only refeired to grants to the Crown, which were different from tnxativc measures. There was, and is, "a maLerial difference between the two, ami therctorc the quotation mentioned, as well as that from Lord Brougham, had no relevancy to the matter at Lsuc. They only referred to Die right of originating money Bills, which no ono now disputed, and which the Queen herself could notroinovc. In the case of the dispute between tbe House of Lords and the Commons, tae Lords, bv refusing to remit taxa tion, claimed a daring right to tax the people of Great Britain — a right possessed alone by the Commons, The Council, here, however, had done no act com parable to this great attempt upon the liberty of tho people of Englaud. Tlic Premier asked who was to judge' whether the Upper House had placed itself in niiLugoni«m to the Lower House V The Lower House ibmlf. The Council had passed tho Bill, but had made verbal amendments to prevent misconception as to tho Stamp Duties Bill being of a retrospective nature, and in a similar ease the British Commons would have accepted the amendments. The Premier had aaid that hia Bill for declaring the powers of tbc Upper House was not to alter the law but to confirm. Every member must know that that was nonsense. For 'all purposes of liberty tho right of the Lower House to originate money Bills was sufficient. Jf tho Premier would retrace his stepR as many of his friends wished hiia, tho Stamp Duties Bill would be passed through the Upper Jlousc. All that would be gained by. the Premier's wonderful Constitutional effort would be to leave the Stamp Duties Bill in u muddle. No one despite Sir Henry Parkea assertion jiad attempted to take up the Stamp Duties RilR and to tear it, to tatters. Tho .course pursued by Sir Charles Cowper iii sending a sort of circular when forming an Upper House; in order tb find out the. political views of members wan a most contemptible one, and theinan who, like Sir Henry. Pa rkca, praised it, was not worthy to lead the politics of the country! It would be degrading if members pf the Council were to be merely servanda of it ' Government of tbe day, and wete not to exercise their own judgments. No . man was sent te the Council on n line of politics, but as an honest, inde pendent man. If the Premier bad brought in . a Bill to amend the Constitution Act in the ' direction desired he (Mr. Fitzpatrick) might iiot have opposed it, but the declaration in the present Bill, that the Council bad no right to amend money Bills, was a contemptible political lie. If a Bill were brought into the Commons to, define Iho power of the Lords it would be laughed out of tbe House. Yet here all tbe useful measures premised and before the House were checked to carry on a ridiculous quarrel, the motives for which he could not guess. He would vote against the measure. ' Mr. GREENWOOD said that though Mr. Fitz- patrick bad complained of not having au opponent, he said everything in so provoking a manner that an opponent was certain to spring up. With a few ex ceptions Mr. Fitzpatrick's speech was full of turgid tulk, and had been little rcvelant. Mi. Fitzpatrick bad made a mistake as to tlic cause of deadlocks iu Victoria. That cause was tbe worst of any means by which' both Houses could come to an agreement when a dispute arose' between them. If the amendment of the Council here was not a substantial one, why did they twice practically throw the Stamp Duties Bill out hy insisting on what Mr. Fitz patrick called an unimportant clause? He (Mr.Grcen- wood) could accept what the last speaker said as to the Lower Home being a judge of the amenilmcul, aud by insisting on leaving out the Council's amend ment this showed how important they considered that amendment." When .Mr. Fitzpatrick assumed that ho and not the majority of the House repre- sented the country, lie; took ti|J a position 'Vhc; . .had no ; right to assume. The.. question of. w)io represented ! the people would, be settled ;it the 'Hustings. In 1802 opinions were expressed in the .Council; that despite their undoubted. right' :to amend'1 uioiiey Bills it would be better,' to avoid : clashing, to gi ve way'' to the Loweri, House; So that this ."controversy had continued almost. since the Conatitutiou.Act came in force, i Mr. Wentwortli had then twice \by- contrary rulings declared that the Gouncilluul noriglit to amend money Bills, und-tUbn again 'that .tlicy liad. This being so was uo't the preaent/BilL' 'jicc$wUiy :.To sc.Ltle this point definitely/ A'gcnevoua support to. Govern- iuent;inensiircs"iti the Upper Houso i>y> the nominees of the.Govcrnmcutwha not nn improper thing, .though Mr. Fitzpatrick thought' it was bccausc'the " Goveru- inent " lmd' ' tlic. power, /to send "memlWra . to the Upper in; rdyrpTp. .carry Vtlicir.' measure arid tbe ' same, pi iuciplb .prevailed ;wilU' the- English Houso'of, Lords# uk wlnchLtbo Government -had the power .of .creating, .peers, ';a . power . ndlnitted by the highest Guii8tilution;il a'uj.Hqntics on the pre cedent csfciWisbediit passiiigjok thof 'fir|t. Reform Bill, whetpj 10" .ne\vVJj)berd .wero. crciiVcd!-, jintl : more wqpld) ha ve vbeeri' ofoiited Lad hot? the -Lords given' way. . Thisn Constitutional: position chad: been Ad mirably stated in 'a. speech of Earl Grey-ntrtlie time; If such an authority onf the;part,of the.Gqvernpieiit had not existed, ;tbc GoVeimment/ot England iyoiild : not be Kings, Lqrd3 and, Commons, Lfft Lords alone.- Therefore, it was' time hove to define the powers of the Council, aud not? ronly- that, > but' to uinke it strong by. making it reprekehtatiye, and by uiakin it' repve- ; sentative iu\sucn'', a manner as 'that tbe_ right to alter arid amend money . Bills' might l)e"(ftllowqd 'to .theui/ The Bill introduced, byj fhe Government >Yas..in order ; to secure the: year's revenue in the way they thought- . best for the country and hot on' the' terms the'Couii- cil might choose to dictate! . It wa's;,cyidout that. the. : Council claimed the right to ariierid mbriey .'Bills, 'jind, tbat'thftf House . hadjderiifc'd this/right to theiu,.and.' . whenever,a9.6n..tbi8occn8ion,'an: action of the Coun cil raised that rigiit, the House would dispute it.4 ;That was on the principle' of the right of 'sole' tax-, iation, which -iuvariabje 'custom '.had/ given to the' '.British House: of. Commons'../- In. the .colony of the ; mother country iiicriifqix1,' where any doubt existed as to this principle, 'Rhab doubt should be removed, and that would bo dohb:by tiie present Bill. Tlc cilcd' 'in - proof a document' daled;d2th ; June,' !8GI>t yyhcii' some- new riicriibcrs lirid ' to be elected. Tlic Gbverii-' .inent, in electing /members) selected those likely lo; ;giye effect ;to their" policy. The document gave the, irccoramcndation of tue Council to-, the election of a' number of gentlemen therein mentioned. A copy wns sent to each of them, arid the' were; made aware that, , in ncceptiugitkc/scat, Lbey 'were. pledged to support', an Elective Council, the Lands Bill, and to assist the; Government in passing thoir measures,. ; Out of the 27 « gentlemen nominated 24 accepted, and only three de clined, That .was a strong support to the opinion ex pressed by the head of tho Government the other night, lie (Mr. Greenwood) cpntfiudedrthat the only, way to. prevent a "deadlock was to place that power in Ui6< bauds of the Executive. Ibwasuow in force iu Victoria, and was to be even further -extended there.? He read an articlo'in tho QmrterfyMwhiO. On1 tbe crisis in Victoria. The 'Bill now' before the 'House did not propose to" reconstruct the. second' chatnljcr.- He had looked at it wifcli'a disposition to agree, with . it as far. .as; possible.;. Anything of. a retrospective, nature in the Bill should be removed, which could be done by a slight. 'Amendment. They cbuld not recall the past, but the other House could consent to give up , the power of substantially; altering money Bills in future, and they would tlieu put themselves in. the same position as. the House of Lords. He said that Declaratory Bills were becoming? ro common as to be dangerous, and be did not think they should be allowed. . The question was.. wlietlier the Nominee Chamber had the ; fight to control the taxes of the people. The pcopio only, from/ whom the taxes came; had the righ't through their -representa tives to control their taxes. He contended that the nominee Chamber had- no. right to control money Bills, and if' they threw out the present Bill on that. grounu lb wouiu suow uuab uiuy.- uiuiiuuu Luunj;ub. He would support tlic second reading on the under standing that in committee he would remove anything of a. retrospective nature in the Bill. The members of the otlier House wore responsible to none for their actions, and should not, be' allowed to tax a people they did not represent.' I Mr. LEARY' cousider'ed-tiiat the Colonial Secretary had dealt with a false issU6, and 'had read quotations 'which had nothinsr whatever to do with the question. What, for instance, was the value of Mr. Went worth's opinions (great a mail as lie was) if the judges who w6rc appointed for their ability and capability were of. another opiuion now? The Colonial Secru- tjiry had argued that because lie bad been tbc means of appointing thrce-fqurths of the mcmbcrs.of the Legislative Council, or at all everits because he could liy his voice have prevented them : being there, the Government had 'a right to expect thera to support any measure at all, whether for good or for evil. Was it to be contended that such a state' of things would be Constitutional ?"':"Thc ilioiY.' member (Mr. Darley), who was- one of (the Readers of the bar, and a r fair aupporter df'tlie Government;' had expressed his opinion that the Stamp Duties Bill, as. sent lo the". Council, would be' retrospcetivo in its effect ; and iu that, opinion: be /was joined Ly several other members of the.' Upper House.; . If>lhu Council was not to deal with" the Stamp Duties -.Bill, what would become of the House.?. ' It couhVnqt touch' the Customs Bill, because that involved taxation' 'to 'a .'great extent. Neither could thoy 'touch' the Eduea- ,ion -Bill. He contended that, .as /si matter pf fact, the. amendment was merely.- a verbal one, intended to carry out the expressed Intention ot' the Assembly. What was there to have prevented the Go vcrn- nient from adoptiug the course practised in some instances in England—namely, after laying the Bill aside. to bring in another Bill embodyiug thc amend ment or; not; as-: the case .might be; He could not imagine, a cue in which an amendment inight.be- embodied in afresh Bitl with greater ''propriety than the present, seeing that the amendment was intended to give expression to the views of the' Government when the Bill was first introduced. It was a matter of common sense as well us courtesy to have taken that course. The Council had acted in the only pos sible constitutional manner in sending the amend ment to the Assembly, for they could not have pointed oiit its necessity to the Government by any other means. At tbe same time he would never support the Legislative Council iu making any maLerial alteration ; to a money Bill that had passed the Assembly, and therefore he was not oppo sing tlic present Bill on party, grouuds. The great mistake the Government had made was iu not, after laying aside the Bill, embodying the amendment in a fresh one. If the measure before the House were passed, the Legislative Council would would simply become a dummy - House, and such n state of things would ensue as was never uown iu any part of the world. Mr. BUCHANAN said that if he held the opinions of the hon. member who lmd just sat down ho would be quo of the most strenuous supporters of the Bill. The hon. member -denied tbc right of the Upper House to amend money Bills, and they had done so. Yet the hon. member opposed the present measure, which was intended to prevent them doing ho again. He was glad to be there to give the Bill his emphatic sunport, and to congra tulate the country on the fact that there was a man in 'the country who was able to grasp the immense importance of the subject. He had been a great sup porter of Die Education Bill, and of the Church and School Lands Bill, but he would willingly have let those measures go to the wall rather than that the privileges aud rights of the House should bo endan gered. He denied the right of the Upper House to make any amendment whatever in money Bills. If thev wero once allowed to make , unimportant amendments, the next time their amendments might swell to immense importance. The Council had, he contended, 110 right under the Constitutional Act to amend money Bills. On Iho contrary, it was em phatically uud clearly h tutud that they should originate in the Assembly, anil from that it was uie.tr that the Council had nothing to do with thorn. Some gentlemen, unci uewspapors, urgueu mat tuc uouucu s amendment was unimportant. But that was not the poiut. If the principle was ever admitted the Council would be able to reduce the Tax Bill from £100, 00u to a shilling if they chose; and the whole rigiit of regulating the finances of the people would go iuto irresponsible hands. All that had been said on the subject on the other side of tbc House hud been beside tbe mark, and was pimply a waste of time. The people of New South Wales were sitting in.that Chamber by their representatives, to make their own. laws, and their Constitution Act declared that the Assembly should have sole control of money Bills : and if the Upper House had the right to make one amendment, however insignificant, thoy could make a hundred of the grujilcst significance. If the claim of the Council were admitted, the House he was addressing would part with their dearest privileges, and he felt sure the people would not ap prove of the taxation laiaod from tliem being con trolled by aui- irresponsible body. He did not think ibat the xuosL ignorant upholder of the Council pre tended that tbu Constitution Act. gave them the power to amend money Bills. All . they contended for was, that the Act was hilem on the subject. He did not approve of the policy recommoncleil by Mr. Greenwood lo shape the Bill so as to be agreeable to the Upper House, AU they had to think of was to do what was right, without.tiiiuking of what was,- agreeable. - For him self, he did not see. the necessity. for: a' second chamber in the Legislature — whether nominee ol elective. The people should be governed for and by themselves, aud that , could be accomplished V3 a single Chamber iu which tbc peonlu wevo fully represented.- Bir Henry. Burkes had admitted, that he was rapidly coming round to the same view, and Sir John Robert son had held it in view for years. He (Mr. Buchanan) considered this Bill tho most important of the session — far before Education or Land?'. . The Government deserved tbc thanks aud sympathies of tho people, and be trusted that from one eml of the Assembly to another, they would get them.: . / / « Mr. O'CONNOR bad little -desiro to say any-/ thing on tlic measure but for the - extraordinary speech made by Mr. Buchanan. The attempt of the Government and their supporters was a . flagrant, though likely to.be a successful, one, to lead people awav from the real issue. Iu the name of liberty' tbcFremier wan endeavouring to strangle tbe rights of tho people, and such supporters of this as Mr/ Buchuunn were unscrupulous, for he) when Sir James Martin, in 1871, was l'remicr, appealed to the Upper House (he being then, an ardent Free trader, to throw out thfc titf cvjwcui dutios, which were included in the Customs Bill sent up to them. The hon. member contended that the Council was riot intended to be a mere registry office, aud urged that only recently they had earned the gratitudoof the people by tbrowiug out a tyrannical and obnoxious measure. The object of the ITeiuier was, be believed, not the good of the people, but his owu self- gratifi cation ; and when be weut to tho country ho would no doubt find iu what estimation he was held. What .was the real issue? >\us the Legislative Council trying to deprive the )>coplu or the Assembly of their power? Nothing of tbe sort. The fact was that they passed- the Bill iu its en tirety, and seeing, that it might lead io litigation, they simply put in a verbal aumnilmerit to cany out what bad been the expvesaoil intention of ilic Assembly and tb.e Government. That was the whole lic-id and front of their offending. He did not believe that thu Colonial E&cretiuy; wap iti earncsttin bringing measures forward. What -he wanted was ' , to bring about a dead-lock,- and gct rid of the present Assembly so a« to obtain a more siibacrviont one: ; while, on the. ..other hand, the. Council was : doing their utiriost- to, uphold tho rights of the | pyoplc. AVbeh it was shoWn tbafc tiie \Couri- j cil was endeavouring to- infringe tboso rights be and oilier hon. members ou/tho Bame side of the t House would be found standing ; firmly agniust any such attempt.; Tho Colonial Secretary : had said that half the mcuiberft of the Cbuncirowcd their appoint ments to him, and that he coiild' remove them with his breatii. If sucIlu state of things existed it would bc:;i.'dcgmdntiori to the country,' and no man with auy- sense of honour -would : accept- a seat in the House on, such terms.) The Colonial Secretary wis a dangerous -'demlcr, " and wafi 'not to be trusted in power.- ilic was: always a tyrant and always a coward-a coward ia power. ; \ The SPEAICER caRed tho hbri. membcr.to order. < Mr. O'CONNOR withdrew; the words?- tyrant" aud coward." Tho Colonial Treasurer was chasing a riu phantom as : a Lire as ever he , did the Kiatua ghost Hevicould:. not ibe satisfied with bciug a -powerful Muiiater.VHe wanted to be a dictator, aud to emulate Oliver Grorii well.' ...The SPEAKER again: ruled the shon member out of order, asberWaa going awaj. from' "the question before.the House, i . / t.c. v-o.. 'i-.-. -. Mr.- O'CONNOR saidall he wanted to show was that tbe .measure was not wanted; arid tbat it simply emanated from. thehColonial Secretary,1 wlio desired to degrade the other Chamber, which had done much good Service to the country. He coiild see no reason forffiisi action, .uud should give the> Bill his deter- j ttliucd-opposition. t i.j-r .» I . .) . \- Mr. BARTON had given the matter deep consider-' jation, and, as an honest mau, felt bound to oppose it.' It. wosi .unnecessary,- - and absolutely and wickedly' ; improper.;/ The. .first .question; was .whether- the amendment was . a substantive or not; Suppos- 'the. : rest of,» the Bill : covered the ambiguity,1 the Council could only .discharge their/ duty by in- 'sertmg the amendment; arid if : the- Assembly ob jected to. it; that House should strike it out/ He cited, authorities ito show that Acts of riParlhuneuf ! should be framed In clear, unambiguous, terms. Yet tuc. Council was. asked to. pass a Bill oiri portions of .which doubts did exist.. It. wns stated that the Coun cil kad no right to mukoamcndmcntaabtiilL and that the-; House of; Lords did not amend them : but he jcoum show tlml they did amend thorn. ;:If tit1 was air exceptional' course for tlio . Commons to send up a jnew ; Bill, embodying the amcndmcuts of the ; Lords, it: was equally exceptional not to ,so embody lhem in- a new . Bill, . He ' read long, - portions, of Sir Henry Parkes'a recent speech, and took .exception to tho; meaning that hon. member wished the word " originate" to bear ; jarid contended that tlic preamble and first section of ;thc. Constitution Act intended that the Upper House should possess ail powers in common with the As-? sembly, save the right of- originating money Bills. That must have been apparent to Mr. Wentworth ' .doubly apparout, because -he was a lawyer. At tho same time, he (Mr. Barton) was not in , favour of the Council interfering with the incidence of taxation, but 'he could 'not , assist in declaring a' thing to 'be law when ,'liis own common' sense told him that it was not law To go be- yond the iutorpretatiou of the - Constitution Act' Swas to make it not interpretable at all. The safest and most proper course was to go by the letter of the , law.. Iu the present case there was no context to go , by. Where clauses contradicted , each other con-: Btructiou would be uecesaary, but not otherwise : and ; that -construction should be taken from the very bowels of the Act. He cited passsages from several Judges to show that the words of an Act should bo taken, save in tbe cases of ancient Acts, or where tho words would lead to absurdity. It would be ridicu lous to say " lYc shall construe this section in this way, iin'd that section in another way." Notkinir. could be more dangerous than to wrest from an Act oL Parliament .its proper meaning. If there 'were. any- . thing wrong in the Constitution Act (which he denied) it-Hhoiild be remedied -by. an alteration aud nota acciarauon. oo tar as tne Rill was declaratory it was dishonest, and lie wished the Attorney-General was present to hear him say so. If Sir James Martin's opiuion, giveu as an Attorney-General, was to be set aside, what, value, ho asked, was. to bo placed on the opinion of the present Attorney- General aud those who should follow him? He denounced the Declaratory Bill as a 'living Ho The hon. .member .went on to quote : authorities to show that tbe House of Lords had not given up their right to amend. There was no analogy- bctwecu the House of Lords in England and the Upper House here. They were all Commons together, and if the Commons iu the Lower House had the sole right to amend money Bills, why should not the Commons iu . the Upper Houae have the same right. If they had it would iii no way affect, the rights or privileges of the people, ibecauso if amendments were made in any 'way by the Council, it must liavo the right of finally dealing with it. If the present: measure was passed in. the Assembly its inevitable -fate in the Council would he rejection, and the whole of the useful legis- . ; Iation that had been passed 'during tlic session would bp strangled. All common-scnso pcopio were opposed tothe Bill, -and lie hoped the House would endorse their opinion! Mr. M/ELHONE was sorry the Premier had brought in the Bill, as it would only bring contempt arid: ridicule ou the House. -aud would be kicked out by. the Upper Chamber. Although he hud opposed spine of. the Government measures before tho couutry H-notably the Education Bill— he thought it would be a pity, they should all be lost ; but even at tbe risk of losing the fruits of the session lie should vote against the Bill. Captain ONSLOW was very glad he had not beeu iii tbe House all the time the debate had been going on, for— as another hon. member lmd said— tbc same arguments were repeated every session, when the cry was raised that tho Constitution was in danger. The 'hon; member proceeded to ridicule' tho idea of the privileges of the Assembly being in tbe slightest danger, or that the Council had any desire to in fringe them. Mr. MACINTOSH thought thoy bad quite enough of the Constitutional farce, .which was quite sicken ing. The country could not afford to have a change of, Government at the present time on account of the number of useful measures in hand. As for the Bill before the House, he did not believe it would have any effect, but be should vote for it. (Laughter.) Ho should vote for it as bciug a less evil than a cliauge of Government at present. The motion for the third reading was then put and carried on a division by 28 Lo 19. The following is the'divisiou list : — Ayes 28.; Sir lluiiry Purkc Mr. Sutton Mr. Austin Mr. Baker Davie?, J. Camerou Brown, S. Buolmuun Dr. Kenwick Tcecc Macintosh Mr. Combes Smith, 11. B. Ciarrett Hums Ifoskins Clnrkc . Lynch Watson Hczlet Murphy Brown, If. Greenwood Eckfortl Shepherd Tlioinpaou Dnntrar Webb.J a Noes 111, Mr. Burton Mr. FurneU Mr. Browne, W. 0. Clinrlcs Taylor Buvboui Fitjxitrick Copeland Johnson Captain Onslow J)r. Bowker Hurley, (If.) Mr. O'Connor Mr. Davie#, W. M'Klhonc Bowman M'Cnlloch Beyers Grevillc. vaiu«. Fr. Against. >. Mr. Terry Mr. Pileher . flrny Mosea Luons Day Rcmeby Lcnry. The Bill was then committed. Sir HENRY PARKES stated that a similar mea sure had been introduced in the Council, and it was tbe intention of the Government not to proceed further until that measure bad been dealt witb. Progress was reported, and leave given to sit next day. MKSSACE rilOM TIJK liEOISbATlVK COUNUJb. A message was received from tbc Legislative Council, utatiug that tbey had agreed to the Duncan Suncrnnmnitinn Rill. AIlJOb'nNMKNT. Tho Qouec :it 10 uiiuutes to 12 .-uljourucd until next day. 