HELEN OF TYRE. By Henry W. Longfellow. What phantom is this that appears Through tho purplo mists of the years, Itself but a mist liko these ? A woman of oloud and of firo ; It is Bhe : it is Helen of Tyro, The town in the midst of tho Eeas I 0 Tyro I in thy orowded streets ? The phantom appears and retreats, .j And the Israelites, that sell Thy lilies and lions of brass, Look up, as. they see her pass, And murmur ' Jezebel I' Then another phantom is seen At her side, in a grey gabardine, With beard that floats to his waist ; It is Simon Magus, the Soer ; Ho speaks, and sho pauses to hear Tho words ho utters in hasto. He says : ' FroSi this evil fame, From this lifo of sorrow aud shame I 'will lift thee,- and make thee mine ! Thou hast been Queen Candaco, And Helen of Troy, and shalt be The Intelligence Divine I' Oh, sweet as the breath of morn, To the fallen and forlorn, . Are whispered words of praise ; For tho famished heart beliovos ? ' The falsehood that tempts and deceives, And the promise that betrays. 1 So sho follows from land to land Tho wizard's bookoning hand, As a leaf is blown by tho guat, Till sho vanishes into night 1 O reader, stoop down and write With thy finger in the dust. 0 town in tho midst of the seas, With thy rafts of codar trees, Thy merchandise and thy ships, Thou, too, art become as naught, A phantom, a Bhadow, a thought, A name upon men's lips I A Highland Ghost StoeY. — Mrs. Grant, of Laggan, records the following inoident on tho authority of tho minister who related .it to her. He was accustomed, she informs us, 'to go forth and meditate nt even ; and this solitary walk ho always directed to his churchyard, whioh waa situated in a shaded spot, on the banks of a rivor. Thero, in a dusky Ootober evening, ho took hia wonted path, and lingered, leaning on tho .church yard wall, till it beoame twilight, when. he saw two small lights rise from a spot within, whore thore was no stone nor memorial .of any kind. Ho obsorved the oourso these lights took, and saw them oross the rivor arid stop ' at an opposite hamlot. Presently th6y ? returned, accompaniod by a 'larger light, whioh moved on between them till they ar rived at the placo from which the first two set out, when all threo seomedto sink into the earth together. Tlio good man went into tho churchyard and threw a few stones on the spot where tho lights disappeared, Noxt morning he walked out early, called for tho sexton, and showed him tho place, asking him if he remembered who was buried there. Tho man said that, many years ago,' he re- , membercd burying in that spot two young children, belonging to a blaokamith on tho opposite side of tho river, who was now a vory old man. The pastor returned, - and was scarco sat down to breakfast, whon- a message came to hurry him to como over-ito pray with tho smith, who had beon suddenly takon ill, and diod noxt day.' — The leisure Sour. A Very Different Matter. — Southern Lord (staying at Highland Castle)—' Thaiik you so ? muoh, I — ah — weally enjoy your musio, I think of having a piper at my .own plaoe.' Sandy, the piper — ?' An' fat kin' o' a piper would your lordahip be neediri' ?' Southern Lord — 'Oh. oertainly a good piper like yonrself, Sandy.' Sandy (sniffing) — 'Oohl Inteet I Ye might eaBily, fin' a lord like your lordBhip, but it's'nae sde easy to fin' a pipor like me whatever.' — Punch. Recently a tenant entered tbe office of a Tipperary land agent, and throwing a roll of notes on the table exolaimed : ' There's ivery penny I've got in tbe world. It's, a yeat's rint, and ye may take it or lave it — if ye take it, I'll go to (he workhouse ; if ye lave it, I'll go to Ameriky on it.' Tho agent opened the notes and counted tlj£ money. ' Why, my good m°n, there is more than a year's rent here. There is over four year's i rent in tho handle.' ' The devil there iB,' cried the tenant putting his hand -in his pocket — ' begor, I gev you the wrong bundle of notes after ali.' ?'166. ? 