? THE OPEBA.—Balfe's beautiful opera " Satanella : ' was again performed at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening, Oct. 27, and as on the occasion of its representation last week, there was a large and fashionable attendance. The performance was a thorough success, and the eft'orts of the performers were generally appreciated. The piece for this evening will be Auber's romantic opera " Crown Diamonds," the plot of which was given in j esterday's issue. THH LIEDBBTAFEL.—On the Prince of Wales's Birthday a grand complimentary concert will be given to Mr. Hugo Christen by the Adelaide Liedertafel in the new Albert Hall, at the German Clubhouse. The be6t musical talent has been engaged for the occasion. GARNER'S THEATBE.—Professor Pepper confronted a perfect crowd of delighted juveniles at Garner's Theatre on Wednesday afternoon, when he gave his first lecture of the course of three on "Elementary Astronomy," with the sanction of the Education Department. The lecture was suited to the comprehension of the audience, and the Professor's happy knack of putting himself at once on perfect good terms with his hearers enabled him to keep the audience interested throughout. The ghost illusion concluded the lecture, and sent the several schools of children home enraptured. In the evening he bpd another appreciative, though more mature, audience, and give them a treat in the way of spectral illusions and remarkable scientific effects. The views illustrative of a walk through Loudon were thoroughly enjoyable, as all of them are admirably produced as well as being exceedingly artistic. The shadow pantomime at the close in which very substantial - looking shadows rapidly assume either Lilliputian or Brobdignagian proportions at will, and go through the most amusing performances, was intensely amusing. The same programme will ba giveu this evening, aud on Friday another afternoon lecture on "Astronomy" is to bo deliverel. BUTCHERS' PICNIC.—A. meeting of butchers will be held at the Norfolk Arms to-ni^ht with regard to the forthcoming picuic iu connectio with the recently formed Butchcrs' Society. BAZAAR.—This afternoon the Mayor of Adelaide will formally open a bazaar iu the Town Hall in aid of the debt 011 the Stow Memorial Church. 