Cn-UTER XXVÏ.-Croît, KENOUNÇOS', LOVJS ' AND FOUTÜÍÍB^ ,L , . Cyril,Gulvcrhouso was ámilabi'able uaan. Tho woman ho ; loved, tho only .woman he had ever loved; was . freo to becoinehis\wife, dowered with estates wörbh-tcntthou8and-a y«rt.r,and yet ho held himself aloof from hery:,and shrank from a.ny act whieh,w,ould ratify ihithe present tho tie that had bound them in tho past. Ho who should havo been the first to console the fatherless girl in the hour of bereavement and desolation, to support and counsel her under tho difficulties of sudden in dopendouco, h.e whose heart yearned toward her in herHoholiriesB,: stood apart and allowed her to be lieve hihi opld..and heartless. The struggle had been a harcli.one, but after .many troubled days and wakeful nights he made uj) his mind that j it niusb.beiîso. Beatrix and he could never go! handin'luviid along the path of life. - ' .I The, clqiid'thafc hung over her young lifo might bo a . shadow which the light of truth would by and-by aispol ; but until the truth should appoar, broailVand clear as sunlight, he could, not take Beatrix Harefield-to his heart, ho could not bind i his iifo'with hers. ... , <.. ?,"Pid;lie' believehor'guilfcy.of thatlaet and worst 6f'crimes-^-the murder of.a father F Hardly. But ho .wiiB hot . fully, assured of her innocence., His mind .liad" ¡bepn racked ,with doubt over since that day^öf-the inquest, when ho had stood in the doorwayand? ¡watched her pale, stricken i'aoe and. listened to her faltoting words. Thero is nothing that the human mind more unwillingly believes than a strange coincidence, and" that coincidence of Miss Harefield's purchase of ;the laudanum, within a week of her father's death by laridahum, had boen too much foi* Cyril's faith. Had his be loved .boen a penniless orphan, and no worldly gain to be had from loving her, ho might have reconciled his doubt with his honour, and married her,- trusting to time for the elucidation of the mystery that now stained her young lifo with the taint of possible guilt. But in this case there was too' much for him to win, and in every feeling ..that drew him to Beatrix he recognised a snare of Satan. Little by little he had como to know that public opinion in Little Yafford, and even in the neighbouring town of Gieat Yafford, had condem ned Beatrix Harefield. Every detail of her con duct had been canvassed. Her late appearance of tho morning of her father's death was taken aa au evidence of guilt. She had feared to faco the catastrophe her crime had brought about, and had feigned sleep to stave off the appalling moment, or she had stimulated that heavy slumber in order to support her story about the laudanum. Hor suggestion that her father should bo sought for in a certain room, and tho fact that ho was found in that very room. Her lame story-obviously an after- thought-of the laudanum bottle in her mother's room. The fact that an empty bottlo had been found there proved nothing. Beatrix had no doubt placed it where it was found. There had been ample time for her to do so between the first and second meeting of tho coroner's jury. Then as to motive ? Well, one need not look vory far for that, argued Little Yafford. Mr. Harefield had been a'tyrant, and had made his daughter's life miserable. She saw in his death a release from a stern jailer, with the assurance of wealth and independence. Everybody know-thanks to dear, frank Mrs. Dulcimer-how cruelly the wretched girl had boen treated, even forbidden to visit the Vicarage where she had always hoon so happy. And then there waa that secret love affair which had been spoken about at theinquest. That would give a' still stronger motive than hor own wrongs. Tho more literary of Little Yafford gentlemen whoj had dipped into old magazines and Annual Itegistors, quoted tho caso of Miss Blandy, an unfortunate young woman in tho last century, ;who had given Henley on Thames, tho place of her birth and rosidonoo, a classic fame by poisoning her f athor with rafa-bano mixed in his water-gruol. Again, as to .character. Everybody who was familiar with Miss Harefield-by meeting her oc casionally in her drivos and rides, or seeing her once a week at ohurch-was awaro that she was a girl of resorved and oven melancholy tempera ment, from whom anything strange in conduct or . morals might bo oxpooted. Then, nguiD, sho was of foreign extraction on tho mother's sida, and as such prone to crimo. Shu was Italian, and with a natural loaning to poison and parricide. And again those stock figures of tho Borgia and Conci wore brought forward and contemplated Bhuddoringly in the lurid glare of their guilt. Some weak-minded person clung, to .the idea that Mr, Harefield had taken an ovordöso of opium unwittingly, but this tame and uninteresting tho ory was soouted by tho majority. ! " If Miss Harefield had not been an heiress, we should have heard a. good deal more about, her father's death,", (&aid;'MÍ6S ' Cpyney, 'draining, her pretty Wedgwood tea-pot lat ono of her temperate symposia'.,. ,» , , ¡. , Miss Goyneywas quite f,angryiwith the coroner for not having, lookedTdeeper;into, things. . She spokorof hinivcontemptuousJyias a hireling and a time-server. " ? ? , :> ' ' ' , ' ' ?'" ' ' ' Cyril'.Culyerhoxise , knew(',what people ..thought about "tho 'woman ho loved-for "he loved her none the less bocause he held himself aloof from her. His love waB deathless. Innocent or guilty, he rhust"love"¡Ker to'thë end. He knew "what people thought of his beloved ; knew that even kindly Mrs. ^Dulcimer shook her head, and shrank from familiar contact [with hor husband's ward. There was.no one in Little Yafford except the Vicar who would take the slandered girl by the hand and boldly demonstrate his bolief in her in nocence. Ho, so easy-going on most occasions, was firm aa rock hero. Ho would have Beatrix at hiB house as often as sho wished to come there' -although the all-poworful Bebeuca would hardly look civilly at her us sho waited at table, and although poor Mrs. Dulciner was sorely perplexed by her presence. Clement Dulcimer waa stanch, and defied his parishioners, whom ho stigmatized gonerally as a pack of vononious scandal- mongers, whose uncultured minds, unable to appreciate tho .strong Bound moat of literature, fattonod upon pari-ion. . If Cyril could havo had Mr. Dulcimer's faith, ho would haye had Mr. Dulcimer's courage. Be was no slave of other mon's opinions, and would have snapped his fingers in the faco of Littlo Yafford if all had been well within. But there was the difficulty. That stricken face of Beatrix's, those wild, startled eyes-as lie had econ them in the'' candle-lit room at tho Water House-haunted him like an evil dream. He saw guilt and remorse in those troubled looks-the fear of God and man. Had he been a man who lived for himself alone, who had no higher aim in life than his own hap piness, Cyril Culverhouso might havo stifled the voice of doubt, and listonad only to love's plead-, ing. But it was not so with him. He had chosen a loftier kind of life, lie had given himself a lof tier aim. He was to live for others, and to make I tho lives of others better than their own unaided ! woakness would make them. He who was to be the teacherand counsellor of others must bo so far as it is possiblo .for humanity, spotless in his life and in his surroundings. Could he marry a wife of whom it could bo said in one breath, " She wa3 suspected of poisoning her father," and in the i next, "Yes, but she brought her husband ten thousand a year?" No. It was clear to him that this fatal cloud of suspicion must inako a lite- long severance be tween Beatrix and him. Love might, have bridged the gulf, but honour and duty held him back. He had not seen Beatrix since hor father's death, and he had made up his mind to leave Littlo Yaf ford without seeing her. His business was to an nounce his resolve in a manner that would give her the least pain possible; but he knew tho blow would bo hard to bear. Ho knew that she loved him with an intenso, and all-absorbing, love. . ; ".Oh, God, if she,has,sinned so deeply for the love of me," he thought, in a moment of horror, finding himself suddenly on the edge of a-blank abyss of doubt, down which he dared not look, "If to bring about our "union she has done this hideous thing ! But no, I will not believe her guilty. 1 will pity and deplore her position, the victim of groundless suspicion. If I dare not sacrifice my duty to my love, I will at least be lieve her innocent." He remembered that littlo speech of hers dur ing their chance meeting on tho moor, a speech that had shocked and revolted him at the time, and had been a painful recollection to him after ward. " Is it wicked to wish for my father's death?" Did not that question imply that she had al ready committed the sin ? Waa it possible that the wicked wish nursed and cherished had cul minated in tho fatal irrevocable act ? The doubt tortured him. Ho had wavered for some weeks, not quite clear in his own mind? what step ho ought to take, hoping that some new.piece of evidence, some detail in the story of Christian Harofield's death, might place the whole business in a new light, and demonstrate Beatrix's innocence. Bub Mr. Harefield had been dead a month, the first snow-drops were lifting their» pale heads out of tho dark borders, tho robins were singing sweetly in tho lengthening afternoons, and no thing had boen discovered to improve Miss Haro fiold's position in the eyes of Little Yafford. Nay, rather, slander had grown and intensified with discussion, and people who had timorously hinted thoir doubts three weeks ago, now boldly declared their conviction of the young lady's guilt. "How ßho can livo in that big lonely house, with no one but hor governess for company, is more than I can understand," said Miss Coyney; " she must be dreadfully hardened." " Something moro will como out before long, you may depend upon it," said Mrs. Pomfrot^ tho pow-openor, to her Sunday afternoon gossips over tho black crockory tea-pot, with a sphinx squat ting on tho lid. This was tho general opinion. Everybody jwas waiting for something to come out. Tho Bervants had doubtless been paid to hold thoir tongues-7 dark facts had, been kept back by bribery. But tho truth would como our sooner or later-even if Mr. Harofield's ghost had to walk like tho elder' 1 lum lot. "It may bo a vory long time, but it will all como out sooner or later," said Mr. Tudway, an old bachelor rotirod from tho button trade, a groat reader of umgnzines and Annual Begistors, and tho gentleman who brought Lucretia Borgia and Beatrice Conci on the tapis. " Look at Eliza Penning." " Ah," sighed Miss Cóyney. " Very true." , Sho,had the vaguest recollection of Eliza Pen ning, as'associated uncomfortably with beefsteak dumplings and hanged in consequence of the as sociation ; but she was not going to exhibit her ignorance before Mr. Tudway, whq was disagree ably solf-Batisfioâ cm the strength of his stray paragraphs and unconsidered scraps of informa tion. Beatrix Harefield waa slow to discover the cur rent of public feeling. The shock of her father's death left her for a. little while apathetic to all smaller emotions, and when that wore off she had a new and pressing grief in Cyril'B unkind ness and abandonment. Her new sense of liberty brought her no happiness-no desire to taste tho sweets of freedom, or to exchange the gloom and solitude of the Water House for brighter scenee. If her independence did not bring Cyril to her side it brought nothing. Wealth, power; liberty, were valueless without him. The slow days went by, add she waited for. her lover .to make some sign. At first she was in clined to impute his conduct to a restraining deli cacy, but as time went on a horrible fear began to take hold of her aohing heart. He was pur posely avoiding her. Sho had spent her Sunday evonmgs at the vicarage. Kenrick had been there, but never Cyril. She had hfard Mrs. Dulcimer express her regret at tho curate's absence, hoard his excuses, which seemed hardly valid-a siok parishioner td visit, letters to write. "I should have thought he would not like to write loiters on a Sunduy evening," said Mrs. Dul cimer. " It'sëems rather lax." " Dp you think it more lax to write lotters than . to sib at this table talking of worldly things, from the laofc^village scandal to tho newest fashion in bonnet crowns ?" speculated Mr. Dulcimer. ! Kenrick, was staying at tho Vicarage. Mrs. Dulcimer had pressed him hospitably to remain. There was plenty of shooting in the neighbour hood. Mr. Piper had made him free of tho Park preserves, and there was good sport to be hod on the moor! Altogether Kenrick felt that ho niight , ns well finish out his leave at Little Yafford. His cousin worked so hard that Kenrick and he saw very little of each other, and Kenrick had not yet ventured to sound Cyril about Beatrix. It was a delicate subject, and Kenrick felt greatly puzzlod by his cousin's conduct. Could Cyril be such a fool as to give any hoed to the poisonous tongues of Little Yafford ? Kenrick could hardly imagine such folly, but he found it difficult to account for his cousin's avoidance of Miss Hare field on any other ground, unless, indeed, it were ah overstrained delicacy whioh hold him back from pushing his suit. On the evening on which Cyril had arrived at a definite conclusion as to his line of eonduot, Sir Kenrick dropped in at his lodgings, after the Vicarage tea, to smoke a friendly pipe with his C0U3ÍU. " You aro not going out this evening ?" inqf ired Kenrick, when they had shaken hands. "No j I have some letters to write." ?"? " Does that mean that I shall be a nuisance if I stay with you for an hour or two ?" " Not at all," answered Cyril. " I shall bo very glad to have an evening's talk, and niyiot ters can be written bettor towards midnight than earlier." /' That sounds as if the ; letters were, impor». tant."; - . ; :,V..:= ? . ,, .-r..,/» : " They are important," Baid, Cyril, gravely, an . he closed the desk before which he had,¡been sit ting for nearly an hour in troubled thought,'try ing to frame his letter to Beatrix so that it should wound as little as possible. (,-.?;. " What a hermit you are growing 1" Baid Ken rick. "You hardly ever come to the Vicarage now." . < f I '">." " I have so much to do elsewhere." " "But on Sunday evenings," suggested Kenrick, helping himself to a pipe from the neat arrange men of meerschaums and brier-woods on tho mantel-piece," surely you could spare an hour or two after evening service for social intercourse ? That is always the pleasantest time at tha Vicar age." "I have been engaged even on Sunday even ings." " Yes, of course, for a man who visits the poor there must be always an engagement. That kind of thing has no limit. Poor people like to be read to and talked to and compassionated. You can't suppose they would ever say, * Hold, enough !' But you ought to have somo consideration' for your own health and spirits. You aro looking ill and depre8S«d." ... "I am not ill, but I plead guilty to feeling de pressed." . .'y' '. ! ' ! ?.???! .. .-: !..!,?:«; ' " What is the trouble ?".. : : ¡ í "I have made up my mind.to leave this place, dear as it is to me. I am going to write to Mr. Dulcimer this evening to tell him my inten tion." " You must be mad !" cried Kenrick. " Leavo Little Yafford, just when fortune is ready to pour her favours into your lap-juRt when Miss Hare field is free to bo your wife ? You must be mad, Cyril!" " No, I have been sorely perplexed, but I ani not mad. I have deliberately weighed this,ques tion. Boatrix Harefield is to me tho one perfect woman-tho only woman I can ever love--but I cannot ask her to bo my wife." " Why not, in Heaven's nnmo ?" "I had rather not enter into my feelings on that point." . "Do you mean that you, a reasonable man, with ejesof your own and a mind of your own to seo and juuge with, are going to bo loa and ruled by tho petty slanderers of Little Yafford-naadci ous creatures who envy Miss Harefield her. ton thousand a year, and would Uko to think-or at any rate to make others think-tlut she jumped into fortune by orime ?" . : ' "I despise slanderers and evil-spoakers,'*" said Cyril, " but my wifo must bo spotless." ' "Yen, in your own oyeB and in tho sight of Heaven. It can matter to you Very little what Little Yafford thinks of her." "To mo individually nothing, to ray: offico a great deal. Tho wife of a priest musb bo';above Buspicion; her name and fame nutet bo unshad owed." "A bandon your offico, then. You can afford to do it if you marry a woman -with ten thousand a year." Cyril turned upon tho speaker with eyeH that flashed angrily acroBs a cloud of grey Buloke, Kenriok, can you believe for one moment that I took that office as a means of living, or that the gain of wealth or happiness would tempt me to f_ surrender it ? I should think myself a new Judas \- if I could turn my back upon my Master to marry the woman I love." " Keep your office, then, and marry her all the same. Live down this slander. Stand up bravely before the world with your wife by your side, and let men say the worst they can of you. Your life and hers will be your answer." " They would say.X had married her because she ha« ten thousand a year," said Cyril. " I should do no good with her money. It would tnrn to withered leaves in mv keen ing. No, I love her-shall love her to the end-innocent, or guilty-but I will not link my life with hers. Every hour of lifo would be n struggle between love and doubt." " Innocent or guilty !" echoed Ken rick. "I see you are as bad as the rest. I should not have thought . that possible. You have' quite made up your mind, then, Cyril? You abandon all hope of winning Miss : Harefield ?" " Entirely." " So be it," said Kenrick. "Then let us talk of other things." Though Sir Kenrick proposed a change of conversation, he was euri . ously silent and absent for the next half hour, and gave Cyril ample leisure for thought. The two young men sat smoking and looking at,tho fire as they had done on many a pre vious evening, each wrapped in his own thoughts. "When the clock in ? the hall struck 10, Sir Kenrick emptied the ashes out of his pipe and put it back in its proper place on the mantelpiece. "Well, good-night, old fellow," he said, in tho usual careless style. "How soon do you think of lea?ing this place?" , " Before the end of the week." "That's sudden." "Yes, but remember what the Giaour said , 'Bettor to sink beneath the fthock Than moulder pieco-meal en the rook.' Painful partings cannot be too sud den." ;. ,«« Yon will inconvenience Mr. Dul ; ; cimer." "Not much. He got on without a córate for BÍX months before I carno." " Where are you going ?" \- ' "To Bridford." . "A horrible manufacturing hole I" exclaimed Sir Kenrick. " A place where there is good work to be done .by any man strone enough to do it." ? " Oh, you are mad, Cyril ; that is all-a fanatic. No fakir with shrivelled arms was ever worse. But I wiBh you well, dear fellow, wherever you go." Kenrick went away wondering athis cousin's foolishness. He did not know how far things had gone between Cyril and Beatrix, or he might have wondered still more. He thought Cyril might have won Miss Harefield by trying. He did not know she was already won. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 