V 'TWlXi' 'i'TEE^tOAlilNG AND TES Mffif Day dies, and Eve, his pale ghost, glides Full silent into Night's dark tomb ; Now Mom'ry's magic-lantcm slides Grow vivid, bright'ning through the gloom Aud by-gone days come back to me — Sweet days that I shall see no more — When life was young and fancy free, And first I met you, Leonore. Night comes ; the fresh'ning dews drop down, The rose breathes out a richer music, And glow the magic pictures thrown Upon the cui-tain of the dusk. A by- gone summer shines aga'*i, I live the old days o'er anu o'er, And sec you as I saw you then, My pearl of maidens, Leonore. t see a stretch of silver sand, Tall cliffs with golden sunshine crowned, Blue waves that wash the sea-locked land, Far hills in purple shadow drowned, And near at hand a sea-nympli fair, Low singing on the shining shore, White robes, a gleam of amber hair — Thy radiant vision, Leonore. The bright enchantress shifts the slides. Now garden ways with bloom are gay ; The star-eyed Even stilly glides From out the arms of dying Day ; Warm fiowcr-scents arc in the air, Bird-songs within the wood's deep core, The pale light on thy golden hair, And in thy gray eyes, Leonore. Again ! And now a tcrrace-walk — Tall aspens stirless in the sun ; Along the railing marble stalk The stately peacocks one by one ; And Mcm'ry paints again for me The very gown of blue you wore, Your soft eyes like the twilight sea, My queen of girlhood, Leonore. Once more the magic pictures change. 'Tis an old wood I've somewhere seen ; Tho em'rald light falls soft and strange, ' Down, wav'ring through the woven green You make a fallen trunk your throne, And talk wise talk of antique lore ; And I — I read your face alone — The book I love best, Leonore. . And now a long dark-wooded drive — A blaze of sunlight overhead — A brook whose swift waves foam and strive About the boulders in its bed — A dryad shape, a Summer gown With shade and sunshine cliequered o'er, And half a smile and half a frown Upon your fair face, Leonore. A light hand on my shoulder laid — Ah, well I know the hand is thine, And thine the gracious gold-tressed head, The tender eyes, 0 wife of mine ! Here by me in the window-seat Sit, and we'll talk the old days o'er, The days your smiling eyes made sweet, My rose of women, Leonore ! Morley, in Family Herald. 