THE THEATRES, Etc. By " Adagio." That the interest in the performances of M. Henry Ketten is but little lessened was evi denced by the large attendance of visitors on Saturday night, who welcomed the great executant back to the scene of his former triumphs with an enthusiasm which must have been exceedingly gratifying, be cause- of its heartiness and spontaneity. More, perhaps, with a view of show ing that his repertoire is practically inex haustible than from any stronger reason, five of the numbers forming the first portion of the programme were new, and in some respects novel, though scarcely so thoroughly calcu lated to satisfy a miscellaneous -audience as his previous Saturday night's programmes were. The first item was the player's own sonata (op. Ill), this constituting -the first composition of its kind he has given us. It is a work which must command attention anywhere, because, while it is thoroughly characteristic of tlie writer, its structure is suggestive of the earnest and accomplished musician. The first movement, allegro' agitato, is conceived in the truest spirit, and with a comprehensiveness of design and talent for harmonisation which cannot be too highly commended. There are traces of the influence that Wagner invariably exercises over the minds of emotional musi cians to be found in the lovely melody which forms the base of tlie succeeding movement, the adagio, and there is a slight want of con tinuity in the concluding minuetto, which has no direct bearing upon, or relationship to, what has preceded it. The minuetto, indeed, which is perhaps the most remarkable por tion of .the sonata, may be described as cleverly eccentric. Traces of the author's own " Marguerite au Bouet" are visible in its variegated melody, but it is invariably felicitous, and as an effective contrast : to the stately adagio, or the more imposing allegro, it could not be better. The sonata has both sentiment and passion, and is the work of a composer who diverges from beaten tracks with a noticeable intelligence of purpose, and with gratifying results. Of its interpretation, it is not necessary to speak, because no one could possibly play it so well as its creator. Three bracketed pieces — (a) " Plaisir d' Amour," by that Martini who was friend of Mozart, (b) "Air d'Orphee," by Gluck, and (c) Romance from " Richard Coeur de Lion," by Gretry — introduced us to music of tlie last century, when melody, pure and simple, received more attention than it does in these days of intricate and elaborate liarmony. As the three selections have been transcribed by M. Ketten, I have no means of judging them in the original, but so far as the " Gluck " is concerned, it is one of the most beautiful and sensuous pieces of music conceivable. Gretry was contemporary with Mozart, and the published date of the romance is 1785, while " Don Giovanni " was not written until 1786 or 1787. If it were not for this, we should say the serenade in the latter work suggested the romance to Gretiy, for there is a most curious resemblance. It was received with great applause, and a recall ensued, M. Ketten complying with a general demand for an encore by playing " The Funeral March of a Marionette. " A romance from 1'annhauser was an example of splendid execution, as were the gavotte of Herr Silas, which he has played previously,- and tlie "Aida" paraphrase, which, with the Turkish march from Beethoven's " Ruins of Athens," i gives as a second encore > brought the first part to an end. In the seoond part, M. Ketten confined himself to selections that he has already made fantous here'. Among them was the Chopin funeral march, which I do not think he has ever played With loftier or more thrilling effect. The same author's mazoluka, the fascinating serenade from " Don (Hovanm," the tanta- lisingly beautiful Boofiberini minuet (given as ' a third encore ), aid the ' ' Banjo' ' of Gottschalk, which evoked excited cries of approval; and, lastly, an improvisation on popular airs, concluding with a few bars of the National Anthem, brought the recital to a close, the audience cheering the player uproariously as the curtain descended. The second recital was given on Mon day night. It is with' regret that I cannot dilate at length upon the various items composing the scheme, and,; there fore, pass . over compositions of Bach, Handel, Haydn, Schubert, Gounod, Ket ten, and Heller, fo , notice, three of the artist's transcriptions of Hungarian dances, which. for quaintnesa of rhythm, .grace of . melody, and. those indescribable jruvcwces - give them, their distinctive character, are among the most beautiful I :.have ever listeod to. I do not say that M. Ketten jre veiled in the performance of his conntry "s music, but it seemed to me that the airs themselves i evoked in his mind re membrances of apast time, for they were treated lovingly, and yet with a splendpui? and dash that fairly carried Hie audience . away. His own reading of the " Slumber Song" and prelude from "L' Africaine " formed another example of. his profound versatility of "expression, the delicious tender- nets of the melody being intensified by the beautiful imagery, the invention oi& his own large mind. . He surprised even those accus- torried to bis powers by the most astonish ing and prolonged treble shakes, which he introduced into the fruitful theme with a lvish richness that truly proved his great capability of dealing with great sub ject,/ The third recital included a number of pieces with which M. Ketten has already made his audiences acquainted, chief among these being the Italian concerto of Bach. Of the " Rhapsodic Hongroise" (No. l), which he has previously given, it may be said ina few expressive and appropriate words that his playing was a perfect inspiration, and therefore not to be written of as a piano forte selection by a famous artist. The " Concertstuck" of Weber, every . note of which was a lesson ; Mendelssohn's Spring- song, with its soft and flowing melody ; and his marvellous paraphrase of "Faust," were eaclj exquisitely beautiful renderings. In the Kermesse music, the cracked voices of the old citizens singing their " Nei di di riposo e di festa," were reproduced with a fidelity posi tively startling, and greatly to the amusement and wonder .of the audience, who could not understand how such effects could be obtained from an instrument of wires and clap pers. The great pianist was compelled to give four encore pieces during the recital, viz., " Castagnetta," the pasquinade of Gotts chalk, the serenade from" Don Giovanni," and a funhy improvisation on the "Last Rose 4>f Summer" and Gdtteehkik's "Banjo," which was too much for the gravity of the visitors. On Wednesday, the last night, a ro mance by Schumann, Chopin's scherzo in B minor, Ketten's Sonata (op. HI), Weber's "Moto Perpetuo," and Gounod's serenade, were among the chief items. M. Ketten uses a new Pleyel piano. It is a splendid instrument, and far more sonorous than the one he has pre viously used. It is rather too new, however, and the upper part of the treble is slightly veiled. In this respect I did not like it so well, but the objection will doubtless dis appear under the artist's hands in a short time. M. Ketten, accompanied by his agent, Signer Nobili, left on his South Australian tour on Thursday. Those persons who were present at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening were greatly interested in Mr. Fairelough's assump tion of Richard III. The representation throughout was a successful one in every particular, the leading characters being ably supported by the company. Of Mr. Fairelough's King Richard I have already spoken in terms of praise when he appeared in the part a few years since. On Saturday evening he acted with wonderful force, and at the same time evinced a thorough know ledge of the character he was playing. Whether as the Royal wooer, the hypo critical usurper, or the ambitious tyrant, he was equally successful. Perhaps his best effort was in the scene where he, as Gloster, pretends to refuse the Royal crown, notwithstanding the earnest solicitations of Buckingham, and the en treaties of the Lord Mayor of London. His mock disinclination to .accept the respon sibilities of a kingdom was excellently pour- trayed. In the last scene, too, on the eve of the battle of Bosworth, Mr. Fairclough was seen to great advantage. A word of praise is due to Mr. B. M. Jones for the excellent manner in which he supported the leading character in the first act as Henry "VI. Mr. Appleton's Duke of Buckingham was also a meritorious performance. Of the ladies, Miss Melrose mu6t be complimented on the manner in which she played, tbfe part of Lady Anne. In the emotional passages, she was very effective. Miss Flora.Anstead both acted and dressed the Queen very carefully, and added in no small degree "to the success of the performance. On Friday (last night) Mr. Fairclough took his benefit, " The Merchant of Venice" being produced for the occasion. On Saturday next, Mr. and Mrs. Williamson reappear at this house in " Struck Oil." <( The Turn of the Tide" has been given all the week at the Bijou Theatre. The only alteration has been the substitution of Miss Alice Deorwyn for Miss Ada Lester in the leading part of Marguerite As he ton. Miss Deorwyn displays great efficiency. She is very much unproved as an actress since she left Melbourne. There wras a large attendance at the People s Theatre on Saturday night in .all pafrts of the house, the attractions set forth being " The Polish Jew" and " The Water- witches. ' " The Polish Jew" is the well- known drama of " The Bells," under its sub sidiary title, but the drama has to some extent been re-constructed by Mr. Emery, who assumed the role of Hans Mathi. It was exceedingly well mounted, and some new and effective scenery was presented, especial y a precipitous moun tain pass by moonlight and during a snow storm. In this scene the Polish Jew makes his appearance in a sleigh drawn by a horse, which, by its realness, made the picture most complete and effective. For the adequate representation of the strongs-marked dra matic character of Hans, Mr. Emery has not the . best qualifications, lacking that robustness and power in the heavier por tions of the drama which are required for the proper display of Mathi's elnsrtional feelings while under suppressd excitement. In the pathetic scenes, however, where his paternal feelings are most brought into plav, and his love for his wife and child are excited by apprehensions; of- tlie. .discovery of his criminality and tie ultimate results, he was very successful. The vision scene was very effective from a stage point of View. Sequences, however,- are not made, to . follow in chro nological order, somewhat to. the confusion of the audience. . For instance, the child Annette, in the first act, is ten years of age, and the murder of the Jew is at. this period com mitted. In the second act we have Annette sixteen years of agO, but we are reminded of the fifteenth anniversary of the murder, so that by .this jpeckbning Annette should be twenty-five years of age. Miss Julia Merton, as the wife - of Mathi, has not much to do, but what she had was carefully done, though, afrera lapse of fifteen years, she can hardly be expected to be found at work on exactly the. same piece of sewing. A trifling altera tion in the auxiliaries of Mattie's habita tion after that lapse of time would also be an improvement. Mr. Charles Hall made a fine- looking quartermaster, and gave evidence, by his careful and natural acting, of becoming, a valuable addition to the company. The Polish Jew was taken by Mr. Hudson, who has only to allow himself to be murdered and to. re-appear as a ghost, both of which he did satisfactorily. The humour of the piece is centred iu Johan Roeber, and was done justice to by Mr. J. H. Martin. In the first act, Miss Montague impersonated the child Annette, speaking her lines with distinctness, expression, and good effect. In the remain ing acts. Miss Laura Wiseman made a pretty and affectionate Annette " of a larger growth," while the rest of the characters were all fairly well rendered. Glen's poncert-hall was filled with a very appreciative audience on Saturday night, the occasion of a pianoforte recital given by Mr. Buddee. He was ably assisted by Miss Rosina Carandini, Miss M. Fairbairn, and Messrs. M. Alexander, H. Curtis, E. A. Jager, and A. Montague. The programme began with an effective translation of several of the best known airs from " Les Hugue nots," arranged as a pianoforte duet by Pixis, which was played with excellent precision and dae regard to effect, by Messrs. 'Buddee and Alexander. Miss Carandini was warmly welcomed on her first appearance, and sangt with forcible express' on, Gounod's romance, " Medie." Mr. Buddee followed as a piano soloist, the work he chose for interpre tation being " Un Fantaisie Caprice," by Kullak. The player's abilities as a pianist are too well known to need parti cular comment in regard to his present per formance, which it will suffice to say was /ex cellent, and loudly applauded. The performs anee of Taubert's trio for- piano and strings, by Messrs. Buddee (piano), Curtis (violin); Montague (cello), was a great treat. The various movements — allegro, allegretto scher- zoso, andante, and finale — were admirably played, the allegretto and andante being the most effective. The mnsicians were honoured with a recall at the conclusion of the trio. Miss Fairbairn joined Mr. Buddee in a pianoforte duet, consisting of variations on Weber's Bohemian march, after which Miss Carandini sang Linley 's favourite ballad, "Only for Thee," and- had to return to the stage and bow her acknowledgments of the loud applause with which it was received. Mr. Buddee gave a good example of his ability to interpret Chopin by playing a romance of that composer's, which was fol lowed by a musical picture, " La Gazelle," written by Kullak, and played in a characteris tic manner. The programme concluded with the well-known quartet by Beethoven, arranged from a quintet, which was treated most artis tically by Messrs. Buddee, Curtis, Jager, and Montaeue. 