the general character of liguorl's 1 , . TEACHING. " !-1 ' The general character of Liguori V'(Im) Moral Theology is pointed-out rin -.tho Introduction1 to the second edition as follows ' : " Home sanctions— teaohes principles which are not only soulrdestroying in their ..character, hut; also ' baneful -to tho- interests of society, and injurious, to the welfare of the nation,— prjnciples of eqiuvocation, lying,' perjury,' "doing' of evil that good may come," and. the extermination of Protestants.: -She establishes ' practices which bind tho galling chains of slavery around man kind, and must degenerate' and demoralize the noble and the virtuous; 'V ;.'V.:'. But what evidonce have we for these .bold assertions, - for bold:: we -admit they are? ''Per haps it will be said, " give us evidence, and not mere. assertion ;let.thatyeyidence;'rbp:pf;such a character that it '"cannot'" justly 'be evaded— evidence which will 'indisputably prove that Borne has sanctioned those . principles and ebligesher memborstb.thera;" . i unhesitatingly' .we -say,' (here it is. With the sentiments ..taught in "The Moral Theology of Ligouri" the. Church .of Rome is completly identified ; she has Considered and re considered—examined and -reexamined: his works— ancl their deliberate leatence i», that they contain, not one word worthy of censure." She has canonised the author ? but when ? Do we adduce principles taught in the dark ages ? no, not .even the, .sentiments - of a century ago, but principles approved in the 19th century, seven years since,— aye, principles by which every Romanist prays that he may" be taught. When first Den's Theology was dragged into fignt,aud tho abominable principles .which it contains exposed, a great cry was raised by the Romish party throughout the country that they were not responsible for the sentiments of a man whose, works were not examined and approved by the authorities of the Church. Clearly it was then shown that the book was sanctioned by the Romish Archbishop of Dublin, and set up as the conference book of the Roman Catholic clergy in the diocese of Leinster. The clergy of tho Church of Rome were ashamed to acknowledge themselves as the patrons of suoh views, which they felt were too open and glaring, and they . knew that if a prompt no' given> their cause might be injured in the estimation of a Protestant people. but a worse than dens is here ! ., ? wh ia "lore open and less guarded in the exposition of B-oman Catholic principles. »«, theology of Ligouri cannot be repudiated. Every Romanist is bound to pray that he may be taught by his admonitions, -S® atiur„e those admonitions is unfolded J?,ho Awful Disclosure " which follows,— and God grant that the exposure may lead to the en- Bghtenment of Protestants on this momtntuous llnriw th'nf p Romanising and guilty rulers know that Popery not only destroys tho soul bv torn?? ld?latr/es> bufc even the faireBt temporal interests of mankind. Popery is a _ ystem of spiritual and corporal despotism. It m i » prolific source of vice; it is a tremendous conspiracy against the welfare of the human "muy ; the "vory masterpiece of the devil." „„.er,la ? Immral principle which it would not adopt, no unhallowed moans of which it would not avail itself to accomplish its nefarious designs. By the device of Popery, hel' has made its ' greatest effort for the destruction of mail's temporal and eternal well-being. — Satan can devise no more powerful engine whereby to dishonour God and debase the creature. Whor- evor Popery prevails it must bring a eurse, and the more devoted and religious the members and priests of that Church are, tho les3 can thoy bo trussed . as members of society. ' May God convert the deluded votaries of 30 foul; a system, and . awaken Protestants to a sense of their privileges and duties. .. . ; effect of the EXrOSUKE. . . The general effect of the exposure of Ligouri's teaching is, set forth in tho Preface to the -second edition' as follows :— ' i,:' 1 The editor in presenting thp second edition to the public, avails hiiiiself of the opportunity ...to .express his thankfulness for the success i which the'.work1 has met in- exposing the immoral teaching of the Church of Rome. The importanoe of the " Awful Disclosure " is at once evident from tho fact, that since its appearance, .the _ public, journals .(even, the- " English Churchman ") and all Protestant con troversialists - have drawn Arguments from it, in proof of the anti-social character of Popery. . Wo have no hesitation in saying that the' exposure of Romish sentiments as expounded by the Saint, . is onc,of the heaviest blows which the Church of . Rome, has received for a long time.,..-: \- Cardinal ' .Wiseman" has written a life , of Ligouri ; But no attempt , has been made to re but the-charges' - of immorality which; are brought against the Saint's moral theology. .The conclusion may ,bo,fauly,drawn that the attempt is regarded as hopeless. ' ' ; the .life of ligouri and rise of the redempl'ionists. f The late Dr. Wiseman .published a life, of Ligouri, from which itappea'rs that the canon ized was born in 1696," near Naples. He became Doctor; of- Canon and ' Civil ' Law at the age. of sixteen, and devoted himself to the legal pro fession, in' which he attained to a position of eminence. At: .twenty-seven he entered into holy orders, : and a lady to whom he was affianced took" the veil. "Dr.' Wiseman states thatas Liguori, wa3 'discoursing- to an immense crowd; the Virgin' herself appeared to him in their sight. The people shouted, "A miracle ! a miracle !" ' Ligouri "deposed that the Virgin appeared as a girl of fourteen or fifteen, " a ray of light, like that , of . the sun being reflected upon her -de vont servanti" He died in 1787 in his ninety-first year. ! The rise of the Order ..of the Redemptionist Fathers, of whoni wo have heard ao much lately, is'thus giveh'by-Dr. Wiseman :— : ' "Whilst hewas preaching . the mission in the city of Soala', lie was ' invited by the nuns of a certain convent to/preach-.-duriug the novena, preceding the festival kept in honour of our Lord's crucifixion. Among these religious was one of holy . life,. ; and favoured with many supernatural graoes, "'by name ' Sister Mary Costarosa, who had founded, or reformed several convents. One day while she was in the con fessional; 1 conversing" with the" saint'-about spiritual things, she said to him, ." God does not wish' yon -to- remain at Naples, but calls you to the 'foundation of a congregation of missionaries, who shall afford spiritual relief to the > souls of those' who' are now most' out of the reach of instruction.' t These words threw Alphonsus into great affliction and trouble of mind, for ho knew not whether such was the will ..of God;; and /saw, himself surrounded, by difficulties, and without companions to aid him in the enterprise.- He prayed earnestly to tho Father of Lights -to -illumine his understanding, and make known to. .him His divine will ; and after consulting many persons famous for their discernment of spirits and approved virtue, was persuaded that God intended him to put in execution this design, of founding a new congre gation of missionaries. As soon as the report of his intention spread over Naples, there were found many, who, from the fear of losing so zealous a missionary, or from the difficulties that seemed to oppose hi3 undertaking, strongly disapproved of the design. . He met with much resistance on the part of the - Cardinal Arch bishop and several.eoclesiastics,- .who. considering the good effected by his means in Naples, conld not be induced to believe that God expected any thing more at hi3 hands. His father assailed him with tears and remonstrances, begging him not to. abandon him ; and Alphonsus afterwards confessed that this was the most: violent tempta tion he ever met- with -during- the whole of his life, and that God alone : had enabled him to bear- up - against it. To avoid -every other assault he secretly left Naples in the beginning - of No vember, 1732, and proceeded with a few companions, to Scaln, where . the Bishop had already invited him to' ope'n th'e first house, and begin the foundation of the Order. There he went to live, with his companions, in a wretched house withi a small, garden belonging to it. Heob- tainod leave to turn one of the rooms into an ora tory, in which, upon the 9th November of that year, after a votive Mass of the Holy Ghost had been sang with the Te Deum, in thanksgiving for the gracos already received, he laid the foundation of the new congregation, then Btyled of our Blessed Saviour, whose members were to employ themselves in preaching, and carrying the comforts of religion to the poor peasants, who, living in scattered huts over the country, or in .the small villages and hamlets, are often deprived of the benehts of instruction and tho frequentation of the sacraments. His first companions were twelve in number, ten priests and two . advocates, not yet admitted to orders, besides one lay-brother, who served them, byname Vitus Curzio, a rich gentleman of Acquaviva ; who having renounced all his worldly substance, in consequence of a vision which' he had at Naples, chose this humble employment in the new Order. Tho lives of these first fathers have been justly compared to that of the holy penitents described by St. John Olimacus in his Mystic Ladder. Their house was small and inconvenient, their beds a mere sack of straw resting upon tho floor : and their only food, in general, was a dish of soup, which was both insipid and disagreeable with a small quantity of fruit. The bread was _ black an not even leavened, through the inexperience . of the lay-brother who made it, and so hard that it wa3 necessary to pound it in a mortar before they , could- eat it. This miserable food, which they eat kneeling ov stretched upon tho ground, thoy rendered still more nauseous, by sprinkling it over with somo bitter stuff, aud many of them, before eating, licked the floor with their tongue. Thoy dis ciplined themselves three times in oach week. - To mortification they joined a spirit of fervent prayer. Besidos reciting the office in the choir, they assembled throe times in each day for half an hour's prayer, which was followed by another half-hour for reading the Lives of the Saints.: A quartor of an hour was: appointed for a visit to Jesus iu the Holy Sacrament, and Our Lady, but thoy remained. during the greater part of both day and night iu prayer before the blessed Eucharist. They assisted at mass with the most edifying recollection and devotion. Their- only relaxation was for an hour after dinner, which they spent in spiritual conversation, or in speaking of the actions of the saints. But while Alphonsus was the spirit and mover of all these - pious exercises, he exceeded . all his brethren in his mortifications, his fervour, and his exact practice of recollection and silence ; and in order to conceal the severity with which ho disciplined his body, he frequently retired to a cell or cave, in which, it was commonly re ported, Our Lady several times appeared to him. Meanwhile, they did not forget the chief object of their institute; but by their preaching and apostolic' labours, in -Scala and the neighbouring places, the. whole of the diocese assumed a new appearance, and many extraordinary conversions were effected. "(p.. 14, ibid.) ' his miracles' and canonization." : Dr. Wiseman- narrates the miracles, and austerities of the Saint ; we pass on to the more important matber;, of. his . canonization and tho authority of his works. Dri 'Blakeuoy says - ! ' his canonization. : On May 26th, Trinity Sunday, .1839, he was canonized at - Rome. The; 'Roman .Catholic: Calendar gives the following description of the assembly which met on that occasion : — ' " The preceding year has been remarkable for an act which only - occasionally occurs in the capital of the Christian world, aud one similar to which did not take place for thirty-two years before.. On this occasion, perhaps, there was a; greater attendance than was over previously witnessed. Together with his Holiness Gregory; XVI., the principal actor; there were ,40 Cardi nals, 130 Patriarchs, Archbishops, and Bishops, - all the Generals, Superiors, aud members of. religious orders in Rome, about 17,000. clergy men from varibii3 countries, several Rings and Queens of different' states, an innumerable' number of Princes,' Dukes, -Earls, and .'about 250,000 of various other classes, independently of the inhabitants, of Rome land its environs.; From; Ireland; (or natives of Ireland, ) in addition to a great; number of Priests, - the following: Bishops were in attendance." — (ibib.) In explanation of tho ..ceremony the Calendar says : — " The Catholic religion has, in all ages of the Church, produced, men gifted with extraordinary perfection in whom it has pleased the Almighty to display his glory. The Popes, "who are the interpreters of his will, have, in accordance with that desigo, elevated to the rank of Saints, to be ..honoured as . .euoh on earth, persons .through, whose means the Lord has wished to exhibited' signs superior to tho acknowledged power of nature. Thus we find that, in the .tenth century, '.Johri'. XV. canonized St. -Uldancus, Bishop, and subsequently other. Popes have canonized various-holy persons ; and- in , tho year 1807, Pius VII.- added some other names to. the, catalogue of the . Saints. This solemnity, how ever, is always preceded by a rigorous investi gation, which the sacred Congregation of Rites, composed of Cardinals 'and profound theologians enter into, in order to establish(the truth of the miracles, which are affirmed to ' have been wrought through the' intercession of the holy person. : y'.-'Jy.;-. " Such were . the preliminary steps taken in. the present great ceremony,- which took, place; in the Chureh of St.:Peter; in the Vatican, on the; 26th of May, tho Feast o£; the most Holy Trinity. The Beatified, who were on this most solemn occasion elevated to the honor of Saints, were the blessed Alfonso Maria Liguori, bishop of St. Agatha do Goii, and founder of the congregation of our Blessed Redeemer ; Francis di Geronimo, Priest of tho Society of Jesus ; John Joseph of tho CroBS, of the Reformed Order of St. Peter. of Alcantara ; Pacificus Da S. Severmo, a Friar of the Reformed Minors ; and Veronica Giuliani, Capuchin, nun." — (ibid.) The. following contains the form of prayer addressed to tho Pope on the occasion : — ", The Cardinals having now retired tb the . seats prepared for them-in the great semicircle, and the otherahaving taken the places destined for. them, a Master of Ceremonies introduced the Cardinal Procurator of the Canonization, having on his left a Consistorial Advocate. Having reached the throne aud bowled profoundly to His Holiness ; the Advocate kneeling, prayed the Holy Father, in the name of the Cardinal Procurator, to be pleased to name among the saints, the beatified who were about being canonized. The prayer was conveyed in the following words: "The Most Reverend Lord Cardinal N. here present, earnestly supplicates that the blessed N.N. may by your holiness be enrolled among the saints, and be declared worthy of being venerated as saints by all Christians.'" Then follows the final sentence : — His Holiness having resumed his seat on the throne, the Cardinal and his Advocate again came before him, and urged with great earnest ness the prayer for the Canonization, in the already quoted form. " To this third petition the same seoretary replied that His Holiness knowing that the desired Canonization was pleasing to God, he was resolved to pronounce a definite sentence, and then retired to his place. Upon this, the Cardinals and rest of the assembly standing up, and the Pope wearing his mitre, seated upon his throne, in virtue of that power which the nations obey — which opens and shats heaven, — at which hell trembles, and against which the gates of hell cannot prevail, he pronounced from his chair, as Doctor and head of the universal church, the great sentence in the following words : "To the honour of the Holy and undivided Trinity, for the exaltation of the Catholic Faith, and for tho .increase of the Christian religion, by the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ, of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, and by our own authority, mature deliberation having been employed, and the divine assistance having been repeatedly emplored, and by the counsel of bur venerable brothers, the Curdinals, Patriarchs, and . Archbishops of the Holy Roman Church, now in this city, we decree and deliuo the holy N.N. to be Saints, and we add them to tho catalogue of tho Saints ; appointing that their memory shall be honoured with pious devotion , by the universal Church on certain days of. tho . year hero the days were specified, in the name of tho Father, and of the Son and of tho Holy/, Ghost." Amen.— (ibid.) ' -the authority of ligourl's works, i! - This is a most important point .to consider. The works of Ligouri have received tho direct sanction of the Church of Rome. ' The Roman ' Catholic Calendar, speaking of this subject, say's : "The Congregation "of ' Rites'' allowed ' the ' cause of his beatification to bo brought forward" in 1796, and on the 14th of May, 1802, ' decided that it might- safely be proceeded with, the. ' Cardinal Reporter having declared that the theologians, who had examined 'hi3 manuscripts 1 atid printed works, had found no thing censurable in them. The invasion of the Frencn into Italy interrupted the further progress of the cause, but upon the 15th September, 1846, Pins VII. 7 solemnly published the Brief : for- his beatifi cation. . -. .. - . Then follows the list of. his works, amongst . which are his " Moral Thoology, '' and the! , " Glories of Mary." . The following -letter,., extracted from the Roman Catholia Calendar,- p. - 167,- for, 1845, enters more minutely into the authority of Ligouri's works : . - . "Circular of tho Most -Excellent and Reverend ' ; Lord Pliillippo : Artico, - Bishop of - Asti and : Principe, domestic Prelate to his Holiness, and ' ; -Knight of : :the ': Order. ' of, Maurice Saint ! Lazarus,' addressed , to' his Clergy, on: the ' subject of the Torinese edition of the Homo ' Apostolious of: St. Alphonso M. de Ligouri. ; ; "I - announce 1 to you, venerablo brethren,' -a ' new edition of a work small in size bub great in merit. It is the Hvork of St. Alphonso Maria de Ligouri, of a saint-whom I myself -had the con-- solation of seeing collocate upon the altars in the Churchof St. Peter, by our Mo3tExcellent Pontiff - Gregory XVI. — of - a saint,- who in this life /, merited and obtained tho esteem and love of the i Most ' Excellent ' Pontiff Benedict XIV.', . who , quoted him with praise id his very celebrated; : work's, ' Syn. Diocesana,' adopting dootrino froin,' .it,'_ and calling him prudent) auclor, wliilp' the .' Saint was yet but a simple priest; who, aocepting ' the dodication "offered to him of his moral works, iby St.: Alphonso, pronounced upon- thom-the ' following eulogy in his brief of the 15th July,: ,1755, when, with his thanks, he says: 'Gratuni/ accepimus tractatum, Theologies moralis; quern ea. qua. par est attentions perfectum.-.,.;';! .minime tibi dubitandum, quin . futurum sit ut omnibus plaeeat quorum usui de3tinatur,;' wtp, ; in lino, being asked by the learned. Neapolitan Missionary Jorio, for advice in some. important ; matter, referred to Alphonsus, as; t'o an oracle -saying, 'You b.iva your Ligouri— consult him;.'; , Of Clement XIII. who compelled him to assume the episcopal-dignity, which, through 'humilityi , he was most unwilling- to accept, saying to him(:;; . ' I am content .that "you should' gpvern your;:' diocese within- your own doors ; sufficient for me: - - is your/very shadow tsgovorn and imprpye-ypur diocese.' , 0f Clement XIV., who, eomfoyted Al- ;;- phonso when he .desired to resign his mitre, be- . , pau8ehe was already seventy years old, and weak,:o and could' no longer visit his diocese, .sayin-in a, . letter which he addressed to him, ' I am con- , tent that you should govern the .Churcli'froni your bed, one prayer of .yours to God,i!evenfrom. your bed, will more avail your flock .than a thousand visits from ' another. . Of . Pius VI.', ' - who in a letter to hini dated lVoSf'testifies'that : ; he has- always love'd and admired' him, .'anidiwho;,, instituted tho process . oh his life and dpetrine ,' within eleven 'years after his diiath, by which'hp' ' was enrolled on earth a3 he' had' always; beeuin ' heaven, among the' blessed and holy saints. Of ' Pius VII.,' who called him - -"-Sahctissimuih Antistitem.' Of -Leo XII.; who doclared hitn ' Virum Sanctissimum, itemquo doctissimum-;' : to which point" also Cardinal - Gredil- l exalted' i; him.in his tract, '-De.peccatis in'gehere,':'wherei: - he styles him Virum; doctissimum.' - iOf- Pius " VIII., who : calls . him IUustro - Episcopalis - ordinis deous ; and lastly of Gregory XVI., who proclaiming him a saint in the bull , of - canonisa tion, says : ' 111 lid imprimis notatu dignum est, , quod licet copiossissiine / scripserit, - ejiisdem . tainen opera inoffenso pedo percurri a fideUbus posse post . diligens institntum oxamen faerit.' " "And finally, on the 18th of May, 1803, Pope Pius VII. confirmed the decree of the , Saorea Congregation of Rights, which declared that all the writings of St. Alphonsus, whether printed or ineditcd, had been most rigorously 1 examined according to the discipline of the ' Apostolic See, and that not one word had been found ' censura dignum; and made known that the moral system of St. Alphonso had been more than twenty times rigorously discussed with the rules of the decree of Pope Urban VIII., and tho documents of Benedict XIV.,- ; that in all these examinations undertaken with a view tothe canonisations of St. Alphonsus, and' >" in the definite judgment of the sacred congrega- : tion, all agreed 'voce concordi, unanimi con- ; sensu, una voce, unanimiter.' (p. " 167, Dublin Calendar for 1845.) Thus the moral' theology of j. Ligoari has; : received in the most . marked' manner the/"' imprimatur of Rome. That' Church, by her'' authorities, has proclaimed, with "'oue: consent ." that his works are worthy of highest praise, and - that they contain not one word worthy on censure! /-"i Cardinal Wiseman is the Biographer of the Saint. Several thousand men in the Liverpool building trades struck work against a proposed reduction of a halfpenny per hoar. They include joiners, plasterers, masons, plumbers, bricklayers, and labourers. Tho masters at first proposed to ' lower the wages of the men a penny. per hour. Both masters and men seem determined to hold out. 