JACK MJ€KLR8S| OU TM3 L.OJ4T lllfillt. A T K U H 8 T O U Y, Br 41 Old Pno/4' 11 Truth la stiiuigo, stranger, than fiction."— 1 ; BUAKIMPMAUB. Tho night was dark, Hie thunder's dreadful crash, Accompanied by fill of giant num. Togvtlici' with the vivid light'iilngs'llash, Now tiindc him tliiitk Ilia hour iuid almost come j lie wan not to ho frightened tint nt ntartln' And said, Hwnn "nil his eye anil Belly Martin." On, on, bo walked, with aching heart, nnd feet, Without a purpose, snvo a plum of shelter, Buffeting tho fury of the driving slmd, And diPUching rain, which cmnn down ludt er-akcl t«r. . At length he nmr'd a light. But thou its ruyu lUiliKitod not tho " light of nthur days," 44 Whv Jack, old follow'" nsked a husky voice, 14 Svhnt devil Hunt you out a night like this ) Was it compuMnii, or on act uf cholua > Is Hie giniMi Up Is anything amiss t Had you Io hook it from tho nily I)', Aud sock thin rcfugo from a cniufugbicozo 1 " The llghl'niuj: flashing from nu angry sky, Would pale hofiiro tho fiery look of siiorn Which alio! like meteor fioni Jack's thmlng sys At oucli an imputation. No matt iioru Who cvor madn a wager, and tlion itook'd It Would say lis wasn't honest, aud ho look'd II. Jack's friend, of better times, perceived his error, And forced a laugh Io cover Ills mistake, Ills proffered hand held mtt In fonr ami tciror Tho which our horn dis'lncllncd to ahaks, Tho' wet, and weary, hungry, mid ssd, lla'd keep hia lion »r pure— 'twna all- he bad.. " Why hang it alt, old fellow, whore's tho need Of standing nn your dig— mid looking grand ? If you'ru In .want of lodging nml a ford You're more than welcome— Coum, now, Inks my hand I Youwnu't ? Let me ndvisa you—1 Come, now, tiy, , Nor look thus gloomy— You'll out-frowu tho sky," This new, or old, acquaintance, if you will, Was ono of mauy who infost thn rity, Living on sow. made friendships, Jack or BUI Boing ever mora their viothiiH. Moro's tbo pity That viilnny should ntalk abroad unhung. This has a thousand times boon said and sung. Here was s man, of honor quite bereft, Honsolcss, and friendless, reckless of his fate, Who'd rioop to any mean, or petty theft, i , Bather than work. Ho only sought a mate Tn share his venture, bo they great or small, lle'd rob St. Peter,— not to pay St. Paul, He hud ft winning suavity of stvla Which threw plain honesty clean off itn guard, He'd travel many a lung and wenry mila j To gain a point, or play n winning card, You'd stamp him trumps, f>>r ho had winning psrts, Tho' iu thu end, you'd Had hito knsvo of hearts ! And so Jack's easy nature lieing iiHiul'd By kindly utterances— and H 'rcly driven By nheor fatigue— thin friond of hi prevail'd To get a pardon, and be thrnco forgiven, I Fhr any random word that gave Jack pain, And promised not to do the like again. Those two unfortunates, f«»r both vrcro so, Drow nearer to the grateful, bin/, ing, firs, Which wurin'd their bo lies, hut subdued the glow Of Jack's reproaches, full of manly ire. Ho thought, na nt the ffro be now 'gun poking, The fellow, after ell, won only joking. And this reflection cased his mind at once, lie. like myself, could opo tin friendly door; I surely am tho thirkont-heitdcd dunce, Not tn bAvo clearly spun tho thing before, I Inck'd the common saiimo to see— wua blind. And Jack's suspicions were cast far behind, Tbo human tongue can weave a subtlo net Of wordy meshes, by deception taught, Which is a trap for youthful spirits set, In which confiding natures nft aro caught ; Priving that all the tombing of our schools, But Icnvo us, after all, plain simple fools Now, " Joo," for so I'll mil him, brought somo cbter, T' appease tho appetite of honet Jack, In shape of bread, And cheese, tnd homily beer, Wlfich he at pub. obtained a fow miles back. 44 I hav'nt paid for this." said ho—' odd rot it I , Bit then I'll pay, old f ltow, when I've got it." "And so, to-morrow, If you'vo got the will, Wo'll trudge tho up-hill road of life together, The wort -fa before us, and wo won't stand still But blow asMo ss wind hlowa lightest feather All obstacles to fortune, Who's afraid ? We'll coUH'f , if need be, pokcr tha IL-klo maid." Jack being refreshed, got near tho hissing fire, Which roar'd dcflnnro to tho pelting raiu, And tnusinglv rnfleotituon the iro That guve his friond such undesorrod pain. He made apology— innocents low,— He told the story of his lifo to "Joe." Ills future expectations he reveal'd, Whi .'k in tho course of natiuu would aorrne, Nothing of momont, from his friend concealed, All open plainly to the naked view, He oven said his letters were addrc<'d The I'ost- oillce, Sydney— Thus confess J. His firm resolve and virtuous indignation Oried up like vapour in a summer's morn, Ho bow'd him. with that sort of resignation That crimtnnla resign thomselves to scmn;— Not eating for man's censure, or his sneers, Who's hisHos, were as welcome, as his cheers. Tho night pavs'd on, but surh a nhrht — the skies Were hung with "heavy ri'ni'K nnd aull-n gloom J Tho' hwden sleep opprcxa'd Jack's aching eyes, !)« could not cl-se them, for them booiu Of Heaven's arhllurv above his head Was loud enough to wnko tho very dead. The dawa, and off they started; aye, but whore ? Was not a question which affected Jack, Joe was the leader, nnd 'twAsouly fair, That he should follow in his leader's track, Through scrub, o'er mountain, tangled, thorn, or fell, He felt an onward impulse— e'en to h— 11, By diut of perseverance and hard walking, Got to tho diggings, minus cash, or health, Looking tho ghosts of what they were, just stalking Alxmt this narrow earth, to find a apot Where they might quiotly lio down and rot. But Joo wan made of sterner stuff than Jack, Who'd risk hia roputation, yea, bis neck, To save his friend. He had a happy knack Of raining money, so he made a chequo For twenty pounds or tboroabout, and flashed it, , He handed to Juhnny, and John cash'd it. Now Joo assorted thnt he met a friend To whom ho told his thrilling talo of woe, Anil risk'd to ask him if ho'd kindly lend The trifliug sum of twenty pounds or so, His friond assented, g.ive hi# cheque most freoly, And then Joe pocketed tho caah, ocnteklly. Except a pound, most liberally disburs'd, To purchase tea, and sugar,' bread and beef, In which our horo wont in quest — but thirst, Which is akin to madness, sought relief In the first shauty, where he tried to cheer llis faiuting spirits, by the aid of— boar. The baker and the butcher, now he sought, And mado some purchases. The grurar, too, Was patronised right royally.- He bought As much as ho could carry very fow Would risk a lond so heavy in his state, lie atrugglod on, to find his anxiouh mate, Who had docainpcd, for 11 firid nnd pistures now," Afraid of consequences which might follow Did bo remain. fW mado him wings, he flew I O'er hill and dalo, until ho reached Hawk's Hollow, A place of safety, where he plainly saw He had outatripp'd the minions of the law. And there wo'll leave him. steep'd In fear and guilt. To ponder on hie past and present life, To viow the pile of misery he built For others, and himRelf, the bitter strife Which wnr'd within him through life's onward roD, Gavo up to boll another human soul ! " This is the place 1 loft him," muttered Jack, 41 To mako a firo, beside this failon gum, Ho premised Io romnin till I crihq back, Forhapa he's looking up n little rum, To add somo oil to lifo s mat fadm flicker, I wish he'd come, or forward on tlie liquor !" So ninn tho world, and nil itn minutes speed With wnnderous revolutions, never tires, But keep due on revealing every deed, Of guilt, or virtue, to which man aspires, Some shine in guilt, whilst virtue sseks the shade) At strumpet oftout-shlooe tho modest mold. ,Boma days elapsed, nor inn! well describe Tho fooling of our bora t wandering. round From tent, tn tent, where diwernnft ImbU, : Whero, aurr, ho though his comrade would be fimnd Indulging tn the rosy, or somu game, Whiun lor tho proaont, I docllue to name, ' Thn search was usvloss, Jack gave up the phase. He eaw It plalnlv— ho was not n ohlM ; Jon turned Ins lmck upon him— loft the place, Mizzled — skoduddlfKl— othcrwlso— defllcd — Ho hiul hia porknts, now, well lined with polf, Ami thought Twos wiao lu spend it on hlmsslf. . j Wlilln turning malloro over In lilii mind About hia next promiliiig— how to net Tn get h living, nor bo left behind ln thin wild roue lor lil's .which needed tool And I'ounigo to support it— Yea I iutmt>trusl ' IIo wan ammted by a man— in iiluk !' " You changed i\ olioquc the othor day," said he, " For which you're wanted!— Come on! no jaw, Now.movo your troitnn. I coma along with me f I am a civil guardian of the law I You're charged with forgery I See, hero's tho warrant I" Jack hung hia head, his eyen oont forth a torrout, Now lodged In durance, his accuser camo, Who verified tho num. and his nggnuodgn, Tho blush of Indignation wont and rsmo While bring nciirched — ' Thoy found bvbl' poiseeslsn - A solitary shilling— not, utiolhct', ' t . . Thoy found, besides, tho pot truil'of Ills niothwi' t Groat God ! exclaimed ourltoro, In his grief, Itiivo yon iihrthdiintHl inef Why thus auourMd To boiirThe brand of .forger I and a thief I When 1 ami Innocent My huart will hurst I . J'omo I place tne lit ymir vlht, glantny ceil, ' V That 1 muy cuniiuiino with (ho fisuds of hull I For man Is yet more sinful, being fw, . Hrt iday tho dcncm. In thn gKrb nf truth, He piilo< tlie healthy bloom— ho sapsdho troe, 1 And wltheis up Ine vtrlUu of Its youth, . UiKit, leaf, nnd hranclV, by .human whirlwind tosa'd, . . ' ' To bud, or blossom uovcr-m...'fl All'-a lost I The Judge who sumiuM his CA»Q «n7gTSVQly. said", ; » 1 ,'t : . +> 44 The case sgninst JIia jirisyhorjs quite usar, ""'"Mai And I am sorry, nn# so highly bred, ' ' .V Should in his guilty, headlong wild csfeer i Plunge from tho height of honor, p'rhaps fame, Into the'depths nf infamy and fchame i The vordjet 44 Onllty" echo'd through tha Court, , A solemn silence, then a murmur rose. ' 801110 thought him innocent, end soma fwaport Dcscnntsd on thonrime, an thus— 44 WhoVpowt, lift limy be like thu llov. Doctor Dld, Who forged and awung,— nil for the lore of God,'4 44 Prisoner," resumed th# judge, 44 my duty now 1 to pns sentence ; anil f do regret . ' Thai one so youthful should hnvo on Mil .brow. Tha brand of infainy. for avur not. The ssntencc is (regardlww of ynur tciars) In Graftou gaol— hard labour for three years 1 44 Jack backward fell, as thn' he had boon shot, Sotnn eye wcro lill'd with tears of rsal pity . Who thought him iunma.nt ; — those who did not, . Kti'laiin'd iigaiiiat such rascals In a city ; Tho prisoner was removed fron public sight, Whilst thoy withdrew to censuro and uut.tiout. And now our horn, tnund within four walls ' Of n«rrow limits— looks around, in vain, For syninathv.— No friendly face recalls His boyhood's hours, of pleasure, or of pain, 'But still (hero is a monitor wirtiin That whUptra angoldike-" You're ftue from sin." This consolation, thn it brought relief, Could not subdue. hia agony of woe Which weighed with /moat unutterable grief. Causing a id team unceasingly tn flow, Till nver-hurthcnM nature sank to rest. Forgetting all the wotld.— And-lto wee bleet 1 (To be continued in Monday'e lesue.) 