West MíiiilauíS Police Court. MONDÂT, MARCH 8. (Before Mr. Addison, P.M., and Mr. R.'Soobie, J.P.) CJTARGE OP BREACH OF VEHICLE Br LAWS.-Richard Bellamy appeared, in answer to the complaint of the Inspector of Public Vehicles, to answer the charge of having on the 4th of March committed a breach of the by-laws, by not starting in due rotation from the stand at intervals of ten minutes. Mr. 0\. F. Soiling appeared for the defendant, who pleaded not guilty. Mr. Soiling raised an ob- jection to the information. He submitted that the 28th by-law, under which the case was brought, made no mention of any offender ; no person was mentioned ; it was only a thing. The by-law merely said "The first omnibus or car that arrives at any stand shall be the first to start therefrom and the others in due rotation." He further pointed out that the 53rd by-law was the only one which gave the bench power to inflict a penalty, and it read for " every offence " the " offender " shall pay. There was no offender mentioned in rule 28, and he argued that the bench could not incorporate a person as an offender, when none was mentioned.-The Police Magistrate said the bench would give the defendant the benefit of the doubt, and sustain the objection. The Police Ma- gistrate said there was a similar case in East Maitland, and the by-laws had been altered as the Council's attention had been drawn to it. He understood they had been altered in West Maitland also. He had called Mr. Young's attention to it, and understood it was to have been altered. NOT HAVING A LIGUT.-John Atkinson was charged by the Inspector with a breach of the Vehicle By-laws with not having a light affixed to his dray in Church-street, ' West Maitland, on the 2nd of March, about eight o'clock p.m. Defendant pleaded guilty to not having the light, but not as to the time mentioned. The bench pointed out that the time did not matter if it was after sundown. Mr Atkinson explained that he had been delayed, and never expected being in town at that time. Under the circumstan- ces the bench inflicted the small penalty of 2s 6d and 2s 6d costs. OBSCENE LANGUAGE. - William Taylor pleaded guilty to the charge of making use of obscene language on the 3rd of March within the hearing of persons passing in High-street. The language complained of had been heard by the inspector of nuisances, and the case had been brought by the polic/ on his complaint. The defendant pleade for the bench to overlook it this time, a/ said that the language was not uA towards any person, that he was o/j muttering to himself, as he had a bJlt of doing. The bench said they (old ' not overlook' obscene language atanv ' time, and fined defendant 5s, with 5s Ghosts J of court. ' t APPRENTICE CASE.-John Patrick^obie pleaded g uity to a charge preferre'by, his master, Jo.eph George Chapman, ofiaviDg> ] on the 5 h of March, been guilt ff ill-, behavibu- as an apprentice, by abse4ng hiin self fron his indentured apprentic/hip. Mr. Soiling ppeared for the complajä11*- Mr. Chapmiû stated that the morniu' f°* which the deendant was charged w/ tue $ùrà consective morning he had co/é late. On the fi>* °f the three he came a^bout seven, I then .alf-cast six, and then se^n- Only on one Jccasion had he been p' work at the 1 pro^r time in the morning slce be had him befre the bench before.-Tb'bench said they wold send defendant to^aol unless his mater pleaded for him, ad warned him of t> consequences of his ao3--Mr. Chapman | fid the defendant not QIV came late, but ?' as a very lazy boy, W that if he would ' iromise their worships »hat it would not ' iccur again, and that b 'would be more in- dustrious, he would dead for him. De- fendant promised thc he would endeavour to get earlier to work and the Bench dismis- sed the case, after wrning defendant of the consequences if he ¿nie before them again. SUMMONS NOT SKVEU.-The case3 Inspec- tor of Nuisances '. Artemus Ward, neglect- ing to carry ligbs, and the same officer v. Charles Morke, Áorse straying, were struck out, the Bummq/s not being served, the names being fictitious, The calling of the first name caused some li tie merriment at the way the Inspector hadbeen " had." Could there be au " Artennv Ward" in West Maitland ? he was asked. In the second case there was something wong about the Christian name. A careful political economist closely calculates that the women in this country might annually save 14,500,000 dois, in ribbons, which the mon might spend iu agars. All the Islands of the sea are now lanaacked for new dorosits of guano. Among thoso that have re- cently leen biought to notice aro doposils from the Isl.indf of Malden, Huon and Lacepede, which form a pai t of the French possessions of New Caledonia, off iustralia. They aro said to bo deficient in ni trogm aud consequently infeiior Peruvian guano, bat thej aro rich in phosphoric acid and well adapted foi conversion into a super phosphate of lime or phospho -guano. 