The vacancy caused by the resignation of the Hon. John Sutherland in the represen tation of 'Paddington. seems likely to cause a lively contest. There are already two can- didates in the 'field, and rumour is busy with the, names of. others. An advertisement ap- pearedin our issue of yesterday, statingthat Mr. W. J. Trickett, Mayor of Paddington, would be a candidate, and to-day Sir. Hozlctt pub lishes an address in which he briefly states his views on two or three of the leading questions. , Mr. P. A. Jennings has been mentioned as also a probable candidate, but tye, have heard nothing definite as to his intentions. ' Mr. Trickett refers to himself as a " liberal" candidate, and to the services he has rendered to the electors of Paddington — we presume in his capacity of municipal councillor, and now of Mayor. As to his views on the present public questions of the day, these no doubt we shall learn more about in a day or two. Mr. Trickett is the stamp of man that would make a worthy representative, and if his poli tical opinions are in' unison with those of the : bulk of the electors, he will prove a formidable opponent. Mr. Hezlett comes, before the public with ' , strong recommendations as the proposer of ; Mr. John Sutherland at every election since that gentleman went into parliament, and as one who " has taken an active part in the ; Liberal intdrest during the yast twenty-five : years." Mr. Hezlett claims that during . that period " his principles have undergone " no change." Now, this is sometimes not regarded as a recommendation, if by " princi- ' " ciplcs " are understood general views upon ; public questions. But Mr. Hezlett evidently refers to the great principles of the Liberal party, and it will be admitted that staunch ness. in . upholding these for a number of years is a recommendation. But we fancy- Mr. Hezlett will find- that there are some questions in which it is difficult to say which is- the Liberal view. Take, for instance, Free-trade and Protection. In England Free-trade principles have always been advo cated by the Liberal party, and Protectionist principles by the Tories or the Conservatives. He will find, however, in the colonies that there is no small confusion on these ques tions, and that a considerable portion of the Liberals incline to Protection — in fact, it is claimed.. as ,.a plank in their platform. As Mr. Hezlett claims to be a staunch Liberal, why does lie say ho will go into the House pledged to no party? No doubt he means the Government and the Opposition, but there must be some choice between them. The Government certainly seem to us at present to represent .the Liberal party in the House. ." On the Education question, the Electoral Bill, the Land Bill, the Reform of the Upper .House, and other leading ques tions, the,: policy of. the Ministry is un doubtedly Liberal, and should obtain the hearty support of a Liberal candidate. Hon. members who go into Parliament as what are profanely termed " d — — d neuters" — neither fish, flesh, nor fowl— are not desirable re presentatives. Air. Hezlett is not ' one of them, but he runs the risk of . confounding himself with-them. He indicates his intention to support nearly all the measures we have alluded 'to, so that practically he will be a supporter of the Government in their Liberal policy. ' Wlieu the Government show any tendency to backsliding, he will keep them up to the mark ; and, if they prove untrue, will vote : against , t-hem. This -is all that the public require of any member supporting the government. There is the vexed question of the Immigration vote just now. We think the Government hardly renlise the im portance ,,of . suspending the expenditure bf the money, just now until the labour market . has regained a healthy tone' again, and Liberal members should bring pressure to bear upon them.- As the election 'does not come Off. until the 18th instant, there will be plenty of time to discuss these ques tions, and candidates will be expected to be pretty explicit in. stating thoir views. Pad dington lias had a worthy representative for 'a number, of years;- and the electors must see that they Choose a successor worthy of him. T It is just possible that the Tasmanian earthqunke and the sudden appearance of an unexpected comet may remind those who are' inclined'to be credulous of Mother Shipton's prophecy. They need not, however, dis play any ' symptoms of alarm on that ac count, for the ' comet has come nearly a year, too soon to fulfil the conditions of that elastic prediction'.' Being safe till eighteen hundred and eighty-one, we may spe culate with ; confidence upon the motives of the stranger, and calculate its velo city and direction with the most per fect unconcern, i The ' earthquake was all very well in its way; and would have de served more attention had it not been for the greater novelty of the - comet. There was a rumbling, noise, crockery was skakeh down and broken, ceilings were cracked, and, worse 'tlian ' all, " the rattling of the chandeliers in the Legislative Assembly drowned the. voices of the speakers ! If this latter result could always be depended upon, a perpetual earthquake would be a public boon in Victoria. Bnt earthquakes do not coiiie to order, nor do they always confine their, operations to the gentle trembling of the earth. In 1755 . the City .of Lisbbi was.rc- .duced to ruin in .eight mjnutes, and 50,000 in- 'habitantswere swallowed up. In 1857. 10,000 liveVwer'e" lost-' at Calabria;' 'in'1 Italyrand in" 1868, as many of our readers will. remember,. - 25,000 persons perished, and 30,000 niore, were rendered homeless by a , succession of eruptions in. Peru and Ecuador. But these ' calamities .only'; serve to show how insignifi cant was the shock that alarmed the "people of Tasmania, and how terrible it might have been .had the compounds . that, caused it been present in sufficient quantities. Mul ct's theory— is that -earthquakes consist Of waves .of elastic compression, originated by the sudden generation or condensation of steam in the cavities with which the world abounds: Thus, for instance, the admission- df sea water to immense beds of lime would be sufficient to cause an explosion. Whether this is tbe true explanation of the Hobart Town affair we are not prepared to say, but if hon. members whose " voices were " drowned " are anxious to test the point they may, perhaps, get up an artificial earthquake by means of the diamond drill. But at present the comejgxmcerns us most. Though we have only seen the tail we may safely conclude that it has a head, and the head is the dangerous part or it. Of the tail we . need fear nothing. The comet of 17 44 had six tails, and nobody ex perienced any ill effects therefrom. But, more wonderful than this, the earth actually passed through the extremity of the beautiful fan-shaped tail of Donatis' comet of 1861. Like the ghost of Hamlet's father the.se tails are more like to scare than to hurt. Nor does the head seem to be as hard as one would suppose. In 1779 a comet bcoame enlarged among Jupiter's satel lites, and got away again without upsetting the planets, or injuring itself to a perceptible extent. In pondering over this occurrence, Professor Tate came to the conclusion that a comet was composed of separate particles. He likens it to " a flock of sea- larks, viewed at such a distance that the birds are not " individually visible." But' right- or wrong Jupiter got off without injury, and that affords some consolation that if we should run foul of the stranger, or rather if it should run foul of us, we have still a chance left. All comets, however, are not made of " sea-larks." In 1846 Bicla'g comet was observed to split into two por tions, which were still distinct when it came back in 1S52. Other equally asto nishing things have been known to occur, but nothing that has yet happened has had any marked effect upon the earth. There was a time when comets were held to be the cause of dire calamities, such as famine, pestilence, and war ; but people are not so superstitions as they were. Prob ably, it is because too many comets have been discovered. It is a trite saying that " Familiarity breeds contempt," and our astronomers are familiar with more comets than there are parishes in England. Some of them have tails and some have not ; some are visible to the naked eye, and some only with telescopic aid — but tliero are myriads which are believed to exist, but which have hitherto escaped detection. Among such a host a comet or two can make little difference ; and, in the present instance, we have the consolation of knowing that, as the enemy is visible, and as our astronomers are on the alert, we shall at least have fair warning before it becomes entangled in the meshes of the moon. Tho correspondence and the telegrams ex plaining the position which the Governmeiit of this, colony has taken in the negotiations respecting the charges to be exacted for tbe conveyance of the English mail discloses one more of the little artifices the Victorian Minis try elects to " try on" in its dealings with its neighbours. . Our Government was to be " bad," if possible, over tho Border Customs negotiations. Terms so preposterous wore proposed that it was really difficult to under stand, at the first glance, whether a dull joke was . intended, and whether Mr. Lalor made his appearance as a witless jester. Really, it afterwards appeared, a very poor imitation of the ' Yankee wooden nutmeg trick was intended. Tlieii Messrs. Berry and Co. tried to. .hocus-pocus tbe South Austra lian Government over the mail contract ; but when Mr. Morgan -was firm, and declared the intention of his Government to have another postal service rather than submit to imposi tion,' they had to knock under and accept his terms. The fact was, the splendid and regular performance of the Orient liners had served to altogether upset tho shallow calculations of Mr. Berry. He had been to London, re ceived a more favourable tender from the P. and O. Company than any one calcu lated upon, . it was accepted, and-f the new- postal contract was held up as one fruit of the Embassy. When we consider that it was the only tender received, and that it was ac cepted on this ground, it is hard to conceive what the Embassy had to do with the matter. But' this might have passed if we were not enabled to see quite as clearly as we do, that though K:. Berry was not entitled to claim he new contract as a fruit of the Embassy, or as a personal triumph, -there having been an opportunity to bungle, lie did not fail to make tho best of it ; and his 'bungling is the cause of the imbroglio that surrounds the question of the rate to be charged on the homeward letters. As- far back as February, 1S78, the .Home;; Government !had decided to abandon 'the Southampton route for letters, find 'only have a Brindisi service. What Mr. Berry ought to have done when ho was in London, negotiatingn postal contract, was also ;to have negotiated with tbe Imperial Go- 'vernment and with the other colonies the rate that should be charged via Brindisi. The Imperial Government, alive to its rights, gave notice that in future, instead of deduct ing Id. from the postage fee received on each letter scut outwards, 2d. — to cover probably the inland rate on both incoming .and out going letters— would be stopped The letters iai'c carried from Brindisi to Galle— pos sibly at not much extra expense itself — by the Imperial Government, cost free to the colonies ; but on the letters sent via Brindisi there is a Continental rate of 1-kh, which we have to pay. The Imperial Government, when abandoning the Southampton route, proposed that a rate of 7d. should be charged on all letters and of lid. on newspapers. The Victorian Government is now seeking for the rate upon letters to be 6d., hoping doubtless thereby to secure tbe bulk of the correspondence forwarded to England. The public, says Mr. Berry, will reap the benefit. But the case with New South Wales would be that-' she would receive ' Gd for each letter; which ' she would have to pay to Victoria. Then she would. have to pay the English inland rate -of Id., and the Continental ditto of lid., making a loss thereby of 2 id. on each letter sent and received.. The New South Wales Govern- I ment, which always did charge'.; '3d. via Brindisi, and which at this rate will los<» 1,1 on' every letter, besides the expense of Con T 'veyance to AJbury, declines iS-accedet -M.'Zfnznpmmt, which, doubtless, would wuch correspondence to go via Brind;.- .aonM h,ese be despatched vi a fc Francisco— a route that hitherto . lias-been - more speedy than by Southampton' " httle Same "-of Victoria is evidently 6,5 .i as many sixpences to the route she ha elected to conclude the contract for in hi own name. It is nothing to her that « should . lose 2id. by_ every letter forwarder" .from this colony via Brindisi, and' that eveS " Gd. paid to 1'ictoria for letters sent by theP and O. Go. is Cd. lost in tbe subsidy we pay for tbe Cahfornian Mail Service. The cL vernment deserves credit for not bavin- beet sharped and blinded by the pretence-put for- ward by the T ictorian Government — Tho public of each colony adopting the reduced « rate will derive the benefit." The pubfic in this colony loses by every letter that is sent via Brindisi. It is somewhat provoking that just as we have been moralising in an indignantly vir tuous strain on the discreditable episode in the A ictoriatf Parliament, in which Mr. Fergusson played so prominent apart, we should have to " blush for an equally discreditable exhibition by two of our members of Parliament. True the exhibition did not take place in the Assembly Chamber, so that indignity to the House of Legislature was spared. The two legislator, arc also Aldermen of the city of Syd„ey S - -the affray took place in the precincts of the Conned chamber. There is, therefore, not much to choose between the "two oases on the score of discredit, and many persons may,' With reason, regard our own scene as even worse than that m the Victorian Assembly. At all events, our neighbours, who have winced under our criticisms, now turn the laugh a-ainst us and it is mortifying to feel that we Imve richlv deserved it. 3 The conflict between the two Aldermen is;' highly suggestive. Mr. O'Connor and Mr J. Davios are opposed to each other in various ways. Mr. M'Elhone appears inclined to wards Mr. Davios, and the irascible O'Connor could not stand this. He thereupon, after leaving jtlie Council chamber, when in the- hall characterised Mr. M'Elhone as a " lick spittle," and, it is said, when the latter denied the allegation, repeated the epithet in a still more offensive manner. Flesh and blood could not stand this, oven when controlled by all the considerations due to the twofold position of member of Parliament aud Alderman, and the in dignant M'Elhone resented tho insult by a blow in the face. Of course it is very wren— in a man to resent an affront in this way— espeeially when lie is a public man, and a member of our most dignified public bodies. Gentlemen in such positions as ' these should cultivate the Quaker virtue of never resenting an insult by a blow. They may say what they like — exhaust tho vocabulary of abuse, and apply the vilest phrases to their opponent — but they must not pull his nose, or use the toe of their boot. In ; the former case all their bad language wiil be condoned or forgotten, but in the latter the public will hold up their hands in horror at the outrage. And yet, which course is the more excusable, and the less really discreditable ? There are many insults for which there is no redress whatever if personal chastisement is disallowed, -and the man who passes a n-ross personal affront upon another without provoca- ' tion is considered to be rightly served if he gets chastised for his pains. Our natural in stinct of justice leads us to excuse, if not to applaud, the man who thus takes the lav/ into his own hands. And yet this is a course fraught with danger, for if it- becomes common it must result in the use of deadly weapons, with, all the miserable consequence's. A man insulted by another with the physique and boxing skill of Jem Mace would be powerless to avenge tho insult except with some daugerous weapon. An appeal to fisticuffs is not, therefore, fair for all. It may suit Mr. M'Elhone accord ing to all accounts, but at his time of life, and with his tendency to obesity, he is bound to come to grief, if he con tinues to indulge in the (expensive luxury of knocking men down and blackening their eyes. Mr; O'Connor, however,' cannot claim any sym pathy in the matter. He appears to have been the aggressor. He applied a very offensive epithet' to Mr. M'Elhone, and the verdict of most people will be that it served him right. Tho most amusing phase of tho whole matter remains to be noticed. In the anything but creditable practice. of applying coarse, offensive, and even brutal epithets to his opponents, .Mr. M'Elhone is unequalled in this or in any other. Australian Legislature. It is a great pity that ho mars his usefulness by this vicious habit, for unquestionably he renders good service by his outspoken denunciation of abuses, and, indeed, of whatsoever and whomsoever appear to him to' merit reprehension. Weil, this udept in calling names, this arch-oilender in gross personal abuse, cannot tolerate the practice applied towards himself, and resents being called, a " lickspittle " by a blow. He cannot restrain his temper under the same kind- of coarse abuse which lie expects others to endure patiently. If Mr. O'Connor de served a blow . for his epithet, how often should Mr. M'Elhone have been personally chastised ? In striking Mr. O'Connor he passed the strongest condemnation upon himself ; apd his abuso has been much more course and insulting than that which stung him into break ing the peace. His own sense of justice, as well as his sense of the ridiculous will, we trust, make liini apply' the lesson, and determine to forswearpcrsonal abuse, and confine' his language within the limits of moderation and propriety. There is another reason why he should do this. Language used in Parliament is privileged, and ennnot be resented iu the ordinary way. If Mr. M'Elhone continues to indulge in his old style of vituperation under this convenient shelter, people may begin to suspect that I10 has s line- thing of the coward about liiiu. Wo believe that this would ho doing liini injustice, hut he has the remedy in his own lnmds. He knows now how galling it is to ho unfairly stigmatised as something mean and contemptible. Let him respect the feelings of others, and follow tho golden rule of doing to others as lie would he done by. The Queen's speech in opening the British Parlia meat, winch she did in person, is of the usual hopeful character of such documents. Tho Houses of Lords and Commons were congratulated upon the friendly rclntious existing with foreign powers, and at the same time it was intimated that whilst the recall of the troops in Afghanistan was at present impossible, nothing but friendship with that country was de sired. Confederation of the South African colo- . nics is looked for, and a recognition of the Irish difficulty appears in the proposal to make an advance towards relieving tho distress in that country by an advance from thelrish Church fund. Parliament was Invited to consider and resume consideration ' of Bills relating to the Criminal Code, to'.the amendment oftheBankruptcyiawg; and to the, simplifying of the conveyance of landed property. The 'jyew \YorktMerala has. started a special, subscription . iist in aid of Irish distress, with a donation of £20,000. .General Roberts, in a. telegram, hsU, explained that none. but what might be wiled actual murderers were executed at Cabul.. Ihe Home. Rulers have, effectually raised the Irish question in :the House of Commons by moving, amendments to the address in reply to.the Queenls- Speecb, ,-- -/ : .'' YK. A rising barometer and a south-easterly wind; as asual, was- the prelude yesterday to unsettled- weather.' The- barometer which, for some dayB previously,': and 'in: the early, morning of Friday, had been at 30, rose to 31 in the afternoon. At a, little after midnight a very smart shower fell, the' barometer then remaining at 31pbut-.it then com menced to/fall rapidly; which would indicate more continuous rain. The search for the comet yesterday morning was fruitless, and' this evening ' clouds" entirely ob scured' the south-western sky. ' It; appears from telegrams from Melbourne and Adelaide that the head of tBe comet has riot been seen'- in jeither place.' At a meeting of the Exhibition Commission yes terday afternoon, Dr. Jennings ' announced that the cargo, of meat sent home by the Strathleven, under the Bell and Coleman refrigerating process, had .been sold in London at an average price of 7d 'per lb. . The ; news was . received .-with marked manifestations of pleasure, and ex pressions of gratification that so satisfactory a result had been attained.' The presi dent, Sir John Hay, tendered the thanks of the meeting to Dr. Jennings for the informa tion We understand that a telegram was received during the afternoon by Messrs. Brydon and Adair, of 32 Hunter- street, gentlemen who. are connected with the Sydney Meat Preserving Com pany, to the following effect : — " We consider tho shipment a success ; beef sold at 7d, mutton at 7d. The public banquet tendered to the Foreign and : Colonial Commissioners will be held at the Town Hall on, Thursday evening next. The names of 'the. gentlemen .who . comprise' the committee, are not only numerous, but include these of tho most influential men in the community. With such guarantee 'there need not be any.doubt'that the affair will be a brilliant one. Although the Legislative Assembly had but a short sitting yesterday; it passed a bill through committee of no small importance to one section of the community, namely, .the bookmakers and those who bet with them on the racecourse and in betting rooms. The Bill was entitled, " A Bill to Amend the Betting Houses Suppression Act of 1876," and was brought in by Mr. Terry, and its principal elauie provides that no house or other place shall be kept for the purpose of accommo dating hotting on any horse or other race, fight, game, sport, or exercise ; and that every place so used shall be: declared a common nuisance. Mr. Driver strongly opposed the second reading on the ground that it was intended to abolish Tattersall'8 Club, and would interfere with the liberty of the public to bet as they pleased as long as they did so with their own money. Mes3rsFitzpatrick, Long, Farnell, and Dr. Bowker also opposed the measure ; but the House being evidently imprcssedwith the desirability of abolish- in"- as far as possible the evils attendant on horse- racing and- betting .thereon, the second reading was carried by 27 to 5. The Bill was then passed through committee, and two new clauses were in serted to the effect that the Inspector-General of Police should have power to enter suspected houses and that on any person who had given information refusing to prosecute the justice should bo enabled to appoirit some one else to do so. The adoption of the report was made an order for Friday next. The Honse adjourned at half-past g until Tuesday next It was announced in the Assembly, yesterday, that the Vice-regal assent had been given for the Bills for the increase of duty on wines and spirits and colonial spirits. The Wcsleyan Conference concluded its sittings last evening, when the minutes of the Conference, together 'with the pastoral address to the members oAhat church, were read and signed by the pre sident and secretary. The stationing of the minis try for the ensuing connectional year was not concluded until 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Visitors to the Garden Palace this afternoon will have an unusual treat in the form of a special recital upon the Steinway piano which Mr. Beohet exhibits on behalf of the manufacturers. Signor Giorza is' to ho the executant, and that accom plished master will play a number of brilliant selections, commencing at four o'clock. We may lemark tliat the tone of these piano3 has been much approved, especially that of the instrument used at the Urso concerts. Several explanations were given in the Assembly yesterday afternoon with regard to delays in tho carrying out of pes' and telegraph offices, police and other buildings. Tbev were generally of a satisfactory nature. Mr. Barbour elicited from the Minister of Pub- lie Instruction in the Assembly yesterday that the Public school board of Deniliquin had resigned en maslc because their secretary had been re moved, and that there would be no objection to lay on the table all the correspondence with re- gard to the affair. The attendance at the Exhibition yesterday amounted iu the aggregate to 3757, made up as follows Season tickets, 3-10 ; public, 2075 ; children, 257 ; , exhibitors. Sic,, .700. Randwick orphans and attedants, 325: aboriginals, 50; Kppff's hand, 10. It is .something novel now-a- day3 to see lialf-a-hundred blackfellows congre gated in. this colony, yet the representatives of various tribes which visited the Garden Palace and its .grounds yesterday attained that number. Tho poor creatures towards whose improvement the colonists have done so much that is questionable, were to bo seen wander- - ing about the big building at an early hour, more astonished and bewildered than when speci mens of their race are first brought into any large town. When the Palace began to be peopled with its ordinary visitors, the poor lords of nature slunk, off to the cattle- sheds- to see the day through, as if convinced that any close irispectiori of the won ders of the Exhibition would' not gratify them. As if in solemn contrast to the different manner in which we treat the waifs of our own race from those .of- that which is fast passing away, the boys and girls of the Randwick Orphan Asylum were ' also admitted yesterday. In addition to the pleasure afforded by. an independent ramble through , ifie Courts, the youngsters, by, 'the liberality , of . the iady mayoress, . Mrs. Fowler, were feasted in the grounds. Mr. Prosper Lamal, who is now so well. known as tlie represen tative of the most prominent Belgian exhibits, presented each child with a present.. The whole party were transported to arid from theAsylum.by the.Omnibus Company free. There were the usual pianoforte recitals upon the Brinsmehd and Bord pianos .'during the afternoon. The N. S. W. Artillery Band , .will play this afternoon from 3. to 5 o'clock, the following being the programme :— March, " Don Giovanni," Mozart'; Valse, Dragoon Guards," J. S. Jones ; Selection " Crown . Diamonds," Aubcr ; Quadrille, " Ros. sinni," C. Godfrey ; Polka, " Semiquaver," Roy, nolds ; .Selection, "Faust," Gounod: Valse " Galatea,'.' H. R. H. Duke of Edinburgh ; Galop' " Prince Imperial," Coote. The third annual meeting of tho Operatives Building, Land, and Investment . Society was held at the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, last . night, there being, a largo attendance of members, and Mr. Albert Elkington occupying the clmir. The annual- report stilted that, owing to the tightness of the money market and high rate of interest, the operations of the society had been much restricted, the directors considering it better to do a smaller and safer business. The abscond ing of the ..late secretary, whose defalcations amounted to £811 16s 3d, Iriul had an injurious effect ; but the defalcations were covered by a bond in the Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company, to recover the amount of which legal proceedings have been instituted, and confidence was now restored and business improving. The balance sheet showed .the amount to the credit of profit and loss to he £1542 4s -id, while tho income for the veal- amounted to £3613 3s Id, and .the total amount loans on. mortgage by the society wa3 £12,025 17s Id. Both report, anil balance- sheet were, unanimously adopted. After some general discussion Mr. J. T. II. Gibbs, tho retiring director, was re-elected, and Messrs. ,S. Maodonneil and A. S. lleid were elected auditors. Tie cus tomary vote of thanks was passed to the directors and officers, and the meeting then terminated. A meeting of the Welsh inhabitants of Sydney was held in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, last evening, to consider ilie advisability of celebrating St, David's Day, the 1st Mnrch next. There was but a moderate attendance, consequent doubtless on the shortness of notice given, and Mr. D. Evans -was: voted to the ohair. Mr. Williams was elected secretary, and after some discussion, it was re- soried'ttiM la't'en' meeting and "concert -should' -be heldrin'thc'hnll on-Mondayj'lstq>roximo;-to«.com-: memorate the day. It was decided „ that a, com mittee of 12 (five to constitute a quorum) should be formed to carry out all arrangements, and the meeting then adjourned" to. Monday,- at the' same' tiirie'iuid place. '.y''" -,-Ameeting of gentlemen, interested in.the for-, mation of a new fire brigade. for West Sydney was held'at the Patent Slip Hotel, Sussex-street, last .evening, for the purpose of. making the necessary arrangements. Mr. George Burrows was elected superintendent, Mr. Anderson ; secretary, , and Mr. M'Lauren enginckeeper.' ; The appointment of the, committee was postponed, as was - other business,' which is to be, disposed, of at. the next.meeing, ; "Wu Municipal elections were held yesterday; at East 'St. Leonards. arid at Burivood;. The prilling was as follows :— East St: Leonard's : Wilson; 13-4 ; sM'Kenzie, 130 ; -Bligh, 123-; Hipwood, -116 ; Ateheson, 75. The two first-named - gentlemen were returned. 16 informal, votes were- recorded.' Burwood: Archer, 268 ; Menzies, 208;: Johnson, 196; Hawkins, 167 ; Hall, '165.-:; The .'three first- named gentlemen were elected, Mr. Archer, as will be seen, heading the poll by a large majority. . The following- is -the -.order of service -at -'St. Andrew's Cathedral to-morrow for Quinquagesima Sunday: — "Magnificat,!' Arnold in A ; " Dune Dimittis," Arnold in A ; anthem, " Blessed be the God and Father'-' (S. S. Wesliiy). : We understand that a requisition is being got up to Mr. John Young to stand for the district of Hartley at the . ensuing, general election. From what we learn we believe that Mr. ' Young will accede to the request. : " The adjourned annual . meeting of the Young 'Men's Christian Association was held last evening at their rooms,. Pitt-street. The chair was occu pied by Mr. C. R. Walsh. The report, a very, lengthy document which embraced a great variety of subjects, was again read, and the corrections made pointed out in it by Mr .John Walker. The report showed that the Association embraces a wide held of operations, comprising among many others a reading-rooto,' special mission services, suburban young men's meetings, distribution of tracts, visiting the sick, mission schools, one of which isin Bay-street, arid the other in Kent-street, visiting , immigrant ships, affording .pecuniary re lief to young men in straitened circumstances,. Gospel tent lectures, library, aud ..educational classes, in which young men who desire -it1 are taught mathematics, Latin, and Greek prose. During the year, 148 new members were added to the roll, making a total of 430 new members that joined since the appointment of the present' secre tary. There are on the books nt present 566 mem bers, and about. GOO visit the reading-room weekly. The balance-sheet showed that the expenditure during the year amounted to £1463 2s fid, 'and the receipts to £143G Is 10d. There was an overdraft at the hank of £123 19s 8d. The cost of the kiosk nt the Exhibition, which amounted to £350, is included in the expenditure. The -total indebtedness of the association at the end of last year was £258 ; this year , it was £252. Mr. A. Bourne moved tho adoption of the report, which was seconded by Mr. Phillips. Mr. Monevpenny took exception to the report in several particulars, especially the word " immigrant," which made no distinction in the report from those arriving in the colony at their own expense, and to the men tion of most of the periodicals received ouslv as " rubbish." The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and the committee for 1SS0, a rather numerous body, elected. ' A special meeting of the Municipal Council of Randwick was held on Tuesday evening for the purpose of electing a mayor for the ensuin" term. There were present The retiring rnavor (Mr. George Hall), Aldermen Pearse, Bradley, Kid man, Denning, Kiss, See, and Magill. Mr. See was unanimously elected mayor on the motion of Alderman Pearse, seconded by Alderman Bradlev. Subsequently the aldermen and a few friends par-, took of the newly-appointed mavor's hospitality' The four serious charges preferred against George Trickett, which had been postponed from the previous Friday, were again called on at the lYater Police Court at 11 a.m. yesterday. The first charge taken was that of rape upon 'the person of Mary Anderson, a child of between S and 9 years of age ; Mr. Pitcairn, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, conducting the prosecution, and Messrs. Gannon and Lowe appearing for ihe defence. At the request of Mr. Pitcairn the case was heard with closed doors, and after some further evidence had been taken, the Bench announced that thev would reserve their decision until after hearing the next. The second charge was then heard, that of assault with intent upon the person of Minna Anderson, a' child of about 8 years of age. The evidcrice of the father, mother, and the child herself," as well as that of a married and a single (laughter, and a son-in-law of accused, was taken for the prosecu tion ; hut no witnesses were called for the defence. As the hearing had lasted until 4 o'clock the Bench stated that they would take until Monday to con sider their decision, and the accused was accord ingly remanded until 11 a.m. on that day, bail being allowed— self ill £S0 and two sureties in £-10 each. _ There are two further charges of assault, with intent against the accused remaining to be heard, but it is-probable that the Crown will abide hv the decision arrived at in the two cases already heard, and not press the others. Shortly after noon yesterday Mr. D. O'Connor was driving along York-street, when' his bu"vy came in contact with a barrow wheeled by an'old man named William Carroll. The barrow was overturned, and Carroll 'received'. some slight in juries to his back. During the performance at the. Queen's Theatre last night, some excitement was caused outside'by the wood and calico sign over the entrance catch ing fire. The flames attracted quite a crowd out: side, whose fears as to a conflagration were soon .dispelled by the members of the No..2 Volunteer Company quickly extinguishing the. burning mass. , The Port Jackson' Swimming Club promises to develop into ii prosperous and useful institution. Yesterday afternoon the secretary received a letter' from the Town Clerk, of which the : following is a copy: — 'i'J'own Clerk's office,' Sydney, ' Eel:. 5, 1SS0. — Sir, — I have the honour to inform you that in compliance with the request contained in your letter of the 2-J th December. 1,-ipt, the Right Wor shipful the Mayor and the Aldermen of Sydney have consented to become honorary officers of the Port Jackson Swimming Ciub. — I hnve the honour to be, Sir,, your obedient servant, C'has. 11. Wooo- cott, town clerk. To W. E. Parry, hon. secretary Port Jackson Swimming Club." The Club, we are informed, is progressing in the. most satisfactory manner. The first organised matches are to be held towards the end of" the month,' and as the' pro gramme contains- events up to half-a-mile, some exciting contests may be looked for. At the. Summons, Court, yesterday, John Stodr , dard was proceeded- ngainst-by Inspector Rush lot 'cruelty. It appears that Stoddard had eighf calves in a cart, and stacked them like sacks or wheat, the three, animals beneath having to bea- tho full weight of the other fiy'e. The bench in flicted a fine of 40s with Gs Sd -costs, lit default 14 days' gaol. A young man named David Mortimer was charged on warrant at the Central Court yesterday with having deserted his wife, Mary Ann Mor timer, on the 25th December last. According to the wife's statement, Mortimer had not given her a penny since last November. He would drink for a month at a time, come to her mother's house where she was now living and abuse her. She had two children to keep. The accused was very profuse in his promises to the bench of good be haviour for the future, and said he would furnish a room if his wife would allow him to come hack to her. This arrangement she refused to accede to, stating that she had done so frequently, and that it was quite useless. The bench refused to make an order. At the Central Police Court yesterday, 23 drunkards were punished. James Benson, a dray man. for using obscene language at Struth's Wharf, was fined -20s, with the' option of seven days' gaol. James Newman, a young man, for riotous conduct in Castlc-reagli-street, was mulcted iu the sum of 20s. A miserable-looking object named John M'Donald, for soliciting alms in York-street, was sent to gaol for three months, and Eliza Ann Jackson, for an offence under tho vagrant act, was sent to gaol for two months. The recent larrikin outrage at Pearl Bay came before the bench at the Water Police Court "yester day, the three defendants — Michael H. Booth alias Webb, Thomas O'Neill, and .Samuel G.Brenchley — being brought up under warrant. A remand ivas asked for iu consequence of the dentil of the mother of one of the defendants, which was granted until -Monday next, bail being allowed, defendants, in £89, and two sureties each in £40. A second case, arising out of the above, in which Booth was charged ivith assaulting Edward Cassidy, was dis missed, prosecutor not appearing. Prosecutor was one of the picnic party, and in endenvouring to rescue tho captain of the Lillic Denham had been struck on the head by one of : the numerous stones thrown, the injuries thereby inflicted necessitating medical attention. , The licensing business at the Water Police Court -yesterday was conducted in -the Summom'sv-Court,. Messrs. Perifold arid LiridsleyJ occupying the Bench. -' The . following -transfers of, publican's licenses were granted :— Frori: Peter Tickle, Cricketer's Arms, Darling-Street; to Thomas Hut- ton ; from, Frank Lloyd, Clarendon Hotel, Oxford-, street, to John Church. '".'.Temporary' extensions were graritcd to Charles F. Stratton, Henry. Hum- .berstorie, arid' Julia1 Newling.' Hawker s licenses- were granted to Ernest Weedcnnille and Michael Bradley. An auctioneer's license was granted ,to William H. Gill, . and' ' a1 pawnbroker's license, to Henry Solomon., .. . ; ' ' ' ' "t' . ." \- In our report of the , monthly meeting .of : tho, Balmain, Corporatiori, which -appeared on Thurs day, the sum of £5000 stated as having been re-, oeived . from the .Government should bo £5400: Instead of £1900 worth -of j debentures having .been redeemed, as stated in- this report of the -to-, marks of one of , the speakers, £2000 worth had been sold and the sum, of £1980 had been -realised. A very interesting meeting " took . -placet: lately, in connection with the Rose of Australia -No; 2 Division Sons of Temperance. .'A. large num-- ber of : members attended by i special - sum mons, for the purpose i, of, presenting: . Dr. .J. A. Brady, of Lyons-terrace, with a testi monial, as a token of gratitude and esteem for him, as the medical officer of the Division for up wards of three years and a half. :Th'c room (No; 6, Protestant Hall) was tastefully decorated, .and presented n lively appearance. The presentation was made by Bro. Geo. Brown, P. W. P.,, who in an eloquent and earnest , speech eulogised the ability: , and gentlemanly character! displayed: by. Dr. Brady towards the members and -their families. The address was beautifully illuminated . by Mr. Fitzjolin Hall, and tastefully framed by Mr. Carr, of George-street. Dr. Brady on risirig to respond, was greeted with hearty acclamation. He thanked, the members sincerely for their approval of his actions as their medical officer, .and he would en deavour to retain their confidence and eatcem by acting to the best of his ability for the welfare of the division. He felt gratified in receiving, the address, more especially as ho had been given to understand that -the members had unanimously subscribed to it. He wished the. members of the Division and the Order iri general every sucoesa and prosperity. » Airiongst the visitors;- present were Bros. Switson rind Fowler, who addressed, the. meeting, intimatirig the success .made by the various, country Divisions. Bros. Brown' and Beaney also addressed the meeting for the good of the Order. By an error, Madame Lotti Wilmot was announced in yesterday's issue of Th»- Sydney-Daily Teltyraph to lecture in the Protestant Hall, instead of in tho Masonic Hall. The 5oth half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Hunter River New Steam Navigation Company will be held at the company Voffice, Morpeth, on Tuesday, 24th February. . Mr. Charles Bright will deliver a Freethought lec ture at the Theatre Royal, to-morrow night, entitled " The Ministers of the true God." The Crystal Spring Lodge JNo. 20 I.O.G.T. will hold a grand concert in the Temperance Hall, Pitt- street, on Monday next. The Rev. J. A. Dowie will, deliver addresses in the International Hall to-morrow. Morning at 11 o'clock ; evening at 7 o'clock. The missionary sermons in connection with the Kent-street Primitive Methodist Church will be preached to-morrow. The journeymen tailors picnic to Clontarf'takes place on Monday. Three large steamers have been chartered for the" occasion. The Young Australian Band will provide music, and plenty of amusement will be provided. An excursion to Hawkesbury River and Windsor will start on Tuesday next direct at 7.80 a.m., or via Manly at 7.15 a.m. The Rev. J. J. Wisewould will, to-morrow after noon, at 3 o'clock, deliver a lecture, entitled "The Great Pyramid, a Prophecy in Stone," at the Domain entrance. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone . of the new Temperance Hall at Balmain will take place on Saturday next, and avill be performed by the Rev. Alexander Gow. A grand concert, in aid of the Irish Famine Relief Fund, will be given by Miss Rachel Gray at the Masonic Hall on Thursday next. 