A NEW UNIVERSITY IN ENGLAND. Some of the most noteworthy events in cunent history are often those that attract least attention. Great changes and imDortaut enteroriscs SDrintr from comparatively obscure beginnings. Amid the exciting events of recent times in British politics not much heed has been given to one event which will have probably more influence on the future destinies of England than even the passing of the reins of government from one party to its opposing rivals. On the 20th of April, 1880, the Queen issued under the Great Seal the charter of a new University, to bo called ' tho Victoria University,' and which is to be located in tho busy city of Manchester. This event ha3 been looked forward to for many years by a few ambitious workers in the cause of education. It was, however, bo novel in its character, and came athwart so many prejudices, and awoke so much .opposition, that at one lime i^ Beemed as though tho projoct would never bo realized. Now, however, this new University is an accomplished fact, and next month the students of Owens College will begin their studies under the statutes and regulations of tho Victoria University. This event is not only interesting to people in England, but it is especially so to Australians, from the fact that each of the colonies is en gaged in fostering a University in its midst. There is little analogy between one of our Universities and tho venerable institutions of Oxford and Cambridge. The atmosphere that hangs about the valley of the Yarra or bed of the Torrena is very different from that which is to be found amid the collegiate grounds on the banks of the Cam. The spirit that pervades those historic seats of learning cannot be imported into a new colony, and the methods of education which are befitting there must necessarily be modified in the formation and development of a colonial University. There is more likelihood, therefore, that points of resemblance would bo traced between this newer institution and our own than between Adelaide and Oxford, or Melbourne and Cambridge. Such wo tind to be the case. In its origin the Victoria University ia similar to that of Adelaide. Each has arisen from the generous impulses of a wealthy patron, who bas provided a substantial endow ment, which has served as a nest-egg for subsequent benefactions. In 184(5, Mr. John Owen*, a quiet retired gentleman of Manchester, having no near relative] to whom he could leave his wealth, con sulted with a few friends as to what, he should do with his money. He finally de cided to leave the amount at his disposal to found an unsectarian college in the city of Manchester. This purpose became known, and great things were expected on his decease. Most exaggerated rumours as to the amount of this benefaction were afloat, and it was confidently expected that when Mr. Owens died half a million of money would come into the hands of his trustees, and that therefore an effort ought to be made to obtain at onoe a charter for the establishment of a new northern University. Mr. Owens died in 184C, and his property waB found to amount to about .£101,000. Tne legacy duty, which the Government would not remit, had. to be paid, and this left the amount available for the college I'M, 325. This aum was not enough to enable the ambitious projectors of the University scheme to proceed quite as rapidly as they wished, but it was ample for the more modest plan of establishing a good college, . which might grow in wealth and f ivour as it proved its usefulness and efficiency. An old house once occupied as a town mansion by Mr. Cobden was. purchased and ntted-up, and Owens College became a recognised institution in Manchester. At first the general public did not think much of it It had to contend with the Bame sort of opposition or indifference that meets our colonial Universities. It*was argued what a waste of money it was to ? have a band of highly paid efficient pro fessors to teach a few boys ; that such a man as Principal Scott was'lost in such a position ; that a high-ckss education was not needed by the youth of a commercial city; that the young men would Gad more attractions in making money than in study; acd, in fact, that Mr. Owens might have dene better with his money,, and that those who advised him were very foolish. It is only thirty years since Owens College wa£ founded. At fir3t its growth was s|ow, very alow. But now it has become the Wemost teaching institution in England, bas beau provided with new premises which aro the pride of the city of Manchester, ha» accumulated upwards of ^'400,000 of en dowment, has a staff of professors among whom are Bome of the foremost men in Britain, and has had conferred upon it the honour of becoming the centre of thu new Victoria University. Prior to the establishment of this Uni versity that of London was considered the embodiment of the newest ide-ia con cerning advanced education in England. In iU^arrangements that University is aa xmlike Oxford or Cambridge as possible. Tuition and graduation were completely separated. At first a graduate had to. belong to one of the affiliated colleges scattered over all Eagland, but erewhile even that was not deemed necessary, and now all that is required of a candidate for most of the degrees is simply that he should pas3 the proper examinations. This new Victoria Uni versity manifests in some . degree a reaction from, the extreme presented by the London University, and in almost all the points in* which it differs we see a resemblance to the methods which expe rience has led the Council of the Adelaide University to adopt Principal Green wood calls attention to thece characteristic features of the new University, of which Le is the Vice- Chancellor, and says, ' It will not, lite London, confer its degrees en candidates who shall have passed certain examinations only, but will also require attendance on prescribed courses of study in a college of the Uuiversity.' This is the case in Adelaide, every student being required to attend lectures unless especially exempted by the Council. 'The constitution oE the University contemplates its ultimately becoming a federation of colleges, but these colleges will not be situate, like those of Oxford and Cambridge, in one town, but wherever a college of adequate efficiency shall have arisen.' In the long course of years we donbt not that this will be the case in these colonies, when attendance at lectures at some yet unfounded colleges at Xarra coorte or Port Augusta, or the modern Athens on the Para, will be deemed suffi cient as a qualification for candidates for degrees. ' This Victoria University will be at once a teaching and an examining body, and there will be an intimate rapport between the teaching arid the examining functions. 'With a view to the due independence of the examining func tions of the University ' external' exa miners will be appointed, and all examina tions will be conducted jointly by such external examiners and examiners repre senting the teaching body.' ThU is exactly the practice in our own youthful University. In the p id.* of the pro ceedings of a recent meeting of the Council will be found a statement that such ' external' examiners were ap pointed for all the classes. The example set by 0wen3 College, and the brilliant success and the high reputation which it has attained, may serve as an incentive to these colonies to prize more highly than ever the Universi ties that have been established in onr three capitals. Their usefulness is not t - be measured by the mere numbers of their students, but by their influence in raising the general standard of education in the community. Every school, public or private, 13 interested in the progress and efficiency of the University, and through these schools the influence of the highest seat of learning in the land may be made to act beneficially upon all classes of society. The Ocea-* Mail Service. — It is evident from the news that reaches Aus tralia mail after mail that the impression i is deepening in England that the Orient Company is being very scurvily treated in connection with the conveyance of mail matter to and from Australia. More than once the subject ha3 been brought under the notice of the House, of Commons by questionsto Ministers, and we note that correspondence and comments respecting it in the Pres3 are becoming pretty frequent. In reply to eaquiries by Mr. Baxter, the Postmaster-General recently stated that the amount paid by the Imperial authorities to the Orient Company for the letters sent by its vessels during the first six months of 1S30 was £196. The Managers of the Com pany, in a letter to the London news papers, dispute this statement, acknow ledging the receipt of ^3SD 18s. Did.; but it would appear that this is the Bam allowed them in respect of mail matter of all kinds carried in course of the half year. This amount, it must be con fessed, is utterly insignificant if viewed as a payment for services rendered. The vessels of the Company's fleet, by reason of the speed and regularity with which they perform their voyages, iave become popular as a medium for the conveyance of correspondence, and up wards of thirty sacks on the average are put on board each vessel bound for Australia. It is admitted that the postage upon letters sent per Orient steamers from England amounted during the six months to £1,300, bo that there has been a net gain to the Imperial revenue of £1,104. We h«we no means of knowing what quan tity of mail matter is forwarded from. Australia by the Orient line, but we fancy it is far in excess of that which is brought from England. Thus the Company has greater ground of complaint as regards the homeward than as re gards the outward mails. Its chief grievance is that it is compelled to carry for a mere trifle what its rivals in trade are heavily subsidized for carry inc, and it is impossible to deny the jiiBtice of its representation?. What chance there is of a remedy being ap plied to this state of things we cannot telL Great Britain, at all events, is bound to existing arrangements for a term of years, and the same may be said of Victoria. South Anstralia has been able to take a more independent position, but anything she can do ainglehanded will not materially affect the qneation. No doubt by cutting herself adrift from any exclusive connection with the P. and O. Company, as is suggested by our corre spondent 'Merchant,' she might be placed in a position to make larger pay ments to the Orient, and thfe courts it will be open to her to follow. What the Company claims is that the postages earned by its steamers shall be paid over to it instead of being appropriated by the Imperial and Colonial Treasurers respectively, and.it cannot be denied that this claim is equitable and just. It i3 greatly to be deplored that at a time when the Company is winning golden opinions for the admirable way in which it 13 carrying out its engagements so disas trous an accident as that whick has over taken the Sorata should have occurred ; . but even this untoward event ia not likely to cau3e any serious interruption to the course of communication by the Orient steamers. ? ^^ Thh Bishop of Adelaide.— Hi* Lordririp the ADglican Bishop left Adelaide on Friday morn ing for Wallaroo, where he will remain until ?fter to-morrow. On the following Sunday— 16th instant— he will be at Fort Augusta, from wfcence be will visit Qoorn and the Northern Areas. Hli Lordship will be absent for about three weeks. Orxsnxo or Brightow School— The new public school at Brighton was formally opened by tbe Minister of Education on Friday afternoon, September If, and, after the ceremony, the Bis j or (Mr. Downing) entertained about Bitty potsts at a banquet in the Institute. Hall. The i-«w°gcbool will accommodate 150 scholar*, and it sod tbe teacher'* residence have cost £1,750. Thb STBAjtBtHQ of thb Sorata. — There is little freah news to report as to the condition of this steamer. It is, however, satisfactory to learn that tbe pomps are now in working order, and that hopes are entertained that in a day or two the Sorata may be pumped dry. Tbe captain and officers of the steamer are sanguine ; of snecees, and hope to be able to float the vessel. ; Our Fort Adelaide correspondent informs us that j Mr. Gardiner, who went to set Messrs. 'Walker j Bnd Swan's pump to work, returned on Wednes- : day, and sent down their engineer who worked it in the dock. Mr. Gardiner sajs it was ad- : mirably set up at the ship, and only wanted a j trifling alteration, which this man coold easily : make. Since then the master of the ship baa - telegraphed to the agents that it has been put | in motion, acd is working splendidly. He hu great hopes of getting tbe ship off. Owing to ? tbe confined space the pomp bad to be fixed I with an opposed set to that at which it was worked in the dock; it required readjusting, a ad bet.ee the delay. It is proposed, in case the water can be removed, to place a number of empty tanks in tbe main hold, for the purpose of keeping the vessel afloat if she can be towed off. The Marine Board w ill, in view of the possibility of the saving of the sbip, ' frame the charge against the master as follows :— ' That his wrongful act and default occasioned serious damage to tbe vessel.' INDUSTRIAL AMD JVYBSILX ExHtBmoX.— This Exhibition was again open to the public on Friday at the Town Hall, and was largely attended. To-day will be the last day of the Exhibition, and' it will be opened at noon instead of at 2 o'clock. The following addi tional awards were made yesterday: — Essays: Judges— Messrs. J. Duncan, D. Gall, A. Clark, and J. F. Conigrave. Javenile Division. — Essay on benefits arising from Juvenile Exhibi tion, £1 Is., F. \V. Murray and L a. Kekwick (considering the younger age of the latter com petitor) ; 10s. 6d., J. K. Anderson ; 7s. 6*d., EL J. Milne. Essay on the advantages of techno logical education, 15s., G. G. ?Wallace—' Fair essay, bat touches more on benefit of art education than pore technological training.9 Essay od tbe benefits of total abstinence from intoxicating liquors, £Lls., G.Newman—' Very good essay ' Unenomerated. — Adult Division — £1 Is., T. Williams ; 10s. 6d., H. Hambadge, F. E. Benda, A. Gaze, — Smeaton, E. Phillips, it Smith, G. Goyder, and W. A. tratt ; 5a., J. W. Babbage, Dr. Gaze, and J. Paull ; h. m , E. Hambadge, H. L. 'WyJey, A. Ragles*, E. Paall, W. U. Belcher, and D. B Warming. Javenile Division —10s. 6i, H. A. Herford, F. M. Deakin (2), G. G. Wallace ; 7*. 6d , Mrs. Gee, J. B. Mnirhead, F. A. Hall, L. Hubble, M. Duncan, and D. Garlick ; 5s , M. Bagot,E. Martin, O.K. Wright, Miss King, E. KiDg, E. Sacdover, E. A. Mellor, D. Garlick, M. A. Joyce, B. O. Dawkins, and H. G. Bennett ; 2s. 6A, A. D. Poidevin, E. M. Williams, M. Williams, M. Young, H. Fox; bon. mention, M. Bagot, E. Martin, B. Wright, A.F. Monteith, A. Buchanan, M. B Healy (2), \V. Richards (2), 6. P. Boundy, E. King, J. McDonald, A. H. Messent, M. F. Dawkins, A. H. Chapman, F. W. Deakin, F. Ellershaw, O. Basbley, M. Hugo, A. E. Amey, P. Buchanan1 H. Fox, B. A. Sorrell, W. W. Brooks, and £U Williams. Class 12 — Exhibit of work human hair. £1 Is., Miss LoesseJ, hair flowers — ' Very much admired.' Fretwork (adnlt), 10s. 6d., S. McMinn and M. Poole; 5s., F. S. Driffield and A. S. Chapman; h. m., Miss Smeaton. Juve nile— 7s. 6d., O. B Wright ; 5s., F. Gaetjeas ; 3s. 6d.,F. E. Krichauff, O. Hollidge, and A. L. Chapman. Exhibitors are requested to move tbeir exhibits early on Mocday morning. Mais Boas fbom Lobbthix Northwards. — A public meeting was held at the Morning Star Hotel, Chain of Ponds, on Wednesday, Sep tember 8, to discuss the condition of the main road from Lobethal via Oadlee Creek and Kersbrook northwards. In spite of the exceed ingly wet and dismal state of the weather about fifty of the leading residents attended. Mr. John Tippet was voted to the chair. Mr. Geo'ge Hannaford moved — ' That a deputation be appointed to wait on the Central Boad Board to point oat the very rough and dangerous con dition of the Cudlee Creek and Kersbrook roads, and to urge upon them the necessity of appro l rating sufficient money to place them in a passable condition daring the ensuing year.' Mr. A Bethune seconded. During the discus sion it was pointed oat that the road in question is of moie than local importance, because it enabled the settlers east of Adelaide to travel northward without first coming to the city, and supplied an important feeder to the Main North-Eastern-roid. SuoDg complaints were made that very little money had been appropriated for the road. After various speakers had given expression to tbeir opinions and depicted in dismal colours the wretched condition of the road, the resolu tion was carried unanimously. A large com mittee was appointed to form the deputation. Mr. Batler moved— 'That the same gentlemen form a Vigilant Committee, to take such further steps as they may deem best to protect our interest in tbe said road.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Jas. Ledgard. It was explained that this resolution had reference to some disparaging remarks made regarding tbe road by Mr. Wm. Cornish at a meeting lately held at Gumeracha. Some indignation and great surprise was expressed concerning Mr. Cornish's action. The resolution was carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the Chair man closed tbe business of the meeting. The committee held a meeting the same evening, appointed Mr. John Tippet Chairman, and Mr. Geo. Hannaford Secretary, and arranged some details. Thh AccxnTATKATiOK Society.— A meeting of tbe Council of the Acclimatization Society was held on Friday, September 10, at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.O. There were present Sir John Morphett (in the chair), the Hon. Henry Scott ('Vice-President), Messrs. K. D. Ross, M.P., Q. W. Govder, A. Abrahams, G. Hamilton, and tbe Hon. Secretary (Mr. B. B. Mincbin). Apologies for non-attendance were received from His Honor the Chief Justice and Messrs. W. J. Magarey, M P., and W. West Erskine, M.P. The Inspector of Fisheries was desired to seize all fishing-nets found in or upon the banks of the Onkaparinga, and to take such other steps as he may consider advisable to put a stop to tbe presect practice of netting that river. The Secretary was instructed to ascertain tha best mode of introducing the Liguriau bee, without which it is known that red clover cannot be successfully propagated in tbe coIodv. Messrs. Migarey, Mnrray, and Dunn reported as to the state of the trout ova recently introduced. It is to be regretted that a loss must accrue to the Society in consequence of the shipping of the ova from Tasmania having been considerably delayed. The Council desired to express its best thanks to Mr. Onward Bates for his generous offer to procure for the Society a number of Virginian quail from America. Mr. Goyder informed the Council that the Indian ducks in his keeping were doing remarkably we!L A sub-committee, consisting of His Honor tbe Chief Justice, Messrs. Magarey, Abrahams, HsmiltoD, and the Secretary, were appointed to prepare tbe second annual report. Sbrticb of Soso. — A service of eong.entitled 'The Man of Gloucester,' was given in the Flinders-street Baptist Church on Thursday evening, in aid of the Sunday- school Focd. The chair was taken by Mr. James Whiting, and tha connective readings of the service, which had reference to Robert Baikee, the founder of Sunday-schools, were given by the pastor of the church, the Bev. Silas Mead. Mr. Charles H. Fogg arranged the musical portion of the ser vice, which was rendered by a number of the children of tbe Sunday-school, under the direc tion of Mr. H. W. Thompson, of Port Adelaide. A dnet by tbe Hisses Hughes and Marshall was loudly applauded. Mr. Crocktr presided at the harmonium, and there was a large attendance on the occasion. Scddbn Death — On Thursday afternoon the City Coroaer received a report from the police of the sodden death of Bimuel Boyley, a cabinetmaker, residing on .the Seuth-road, aged 36\. On enquiries being instituted it was found that he had been an outdoor patient of tbe J Hospital ; that two months since he applied to ! the Mutual Assurance Society to insure his life, i bat could net be passed by Dr. Joyee on scxrant j of lung disease. Deceased was at werk on Wed- j nesday night, and died on Thursday morning. Dr. Joyce was called in, but found life extinct, and expressed his willingness to give * certificate as to tbe cause of death. The Coroner does not think an inquest necessary. Deceased was much respected, and has left a wife and four j children. j Corcebt. — A vocal acd instrument!! concert will be given this afternoon in the Town Hall Exchange-room, by Mr. H. Schroder, E.A.L, assisted by several well-known lady and gentle man professionals. OPENING OF ODDFELLOWS' HALL. — Friday, September 10, will be a day long remembered in Nairne as being the occasion when the new Oddfellows' Hall, erected by the Flinders Lodge, M.U., was opened by the Attorney-General (the Hon. W. H. Bundey). The tcwa was gaily i decked witi bunting, and the day wai observed . as a strict holiday. Prior to the ceremony of declaring theh»ll open being performed a dinner was held at the District HoWl. Tha usual toasts were proposed and responded to in the usual manner, the only point to which special reference was made being tfce continuation of the Nairne Railway from Crafers to Nairne. The Aitorney -General said tie hid no doubt that . tbe raiway would be completed ia two years, ia spite /tf all efforts that might be made to the cOBtrarv. Messrs. Btmdey and Krichauff were accompanied by Messrs. Mortlock, Furner, ; bagarev, aai Bt?an, M.P.'k, who expressed them selves as modi delighted with the beautiful i scenery to be v**sred on the way to Nairne. In i tbe evening a oocrert was held in the hall, and j iras Jar^eJy A^fliu&j-; ] Thb Yictobias Yacht Cu:b. — Mr. W. R. i ffigley, the Hod. Secretary of the Glenelg j Eacht Club, has received a letter from Sir. John Barker, the Hon. Secretary of the Victorian i STacht Club, in which he states that fee is endea rouring to get the Intercoloaial Regatta, which ; is to take place in Hobsou's Bay, put off till the j it con d week in January, to suit the convenience \ sf Adelaide yachtsmen. It h w been decided to ! ase the old plaD of measuring, and Mr. Barker ; Chinks the committee will take the British j Sfacht Racing Ass ociation's scale of time allow- j incea — not double them. We subjoiu the fol- j owing epitome of the proceedings of tne I meeting of the Victorian Yacht Club, beld on Wednesday. September 1. The Hon. Vf. J. Clarke was re- elected Commodore. For I tbe office of Vice-Commodore, Mr. O. G. Miller, j Jf the Secret, and Mr. B. White, of the May j Qneen, were nominated. Mr. F. J. Pirani was { elected Captain. Mr. Macleod was re-elected i freasurer, and Mr. John Barker Hon. Secretary, j Mr. P. de J. Grut withdrew bis proposal to j measure yachts on the load water-line, and ; moved the following addition to the present rule | sf tbe V.Y.C., which provides that the length j sf yachts iball be determined by taking the j length on deck from, the fore-part of the stem ^ to .the after-part of the stempost:— 'It from toy peculiarity in the construction of a yacht, : Dr other cause, the measurer shall be of opinion i that this rule will not measure the yacht fairly, \ be shall report the circumstances to the Sailing Committee, who, after making such enquiries as ; they consider necessary, shall award a certificate ' af tonnage accordingly.' Mr. Baker seconded . the motion, which was carried. A meeting of ' the Intercolonial Regatta Committee was after- : wards held, when a proposition was made to , liter tbe date of the annual regatta from ? December 27 to January 11. It was explained that the former date was inconvenient to the : other colonies, more particularly to the Adelaide ? Olub, as their annual regatta was held on { December 23. Another proposition was made ! to slier tbe time allowance for tonnage, and j adopt tbe scale of the Yacht fiieing Asaocia- j tion. After some discussion, it was resolved that these proposals be considered at the next meeting. ! Mb. MacIvoc's Bepoet ox thb Draihed | Lauds.— The Border Watch, in an article upon | Mr.MacIvor's report on the drained lands oE the \ Sonth-East, expresses the opinion that the work j of tbat gentleman was much too hurriedly per- ' Formed to justify hu speaking so positively lbout the country. Speaking of the statement i in tbe report that ' in the present condition the ' drained lands are, as a whole, setter suited I lot pastoral than for agricultural pursuits,' j our contemporary s,ays: — 'To understand j the absurdity of publishing such a rer flict on tbe evidence obtained by Mr. ; Maclvor it will be only necessary co glance at ; the area of the lands in question, and then to : look at tbe results of [the operations of some of ', the farmers on those lands. The South-Eastern j Star Almanac for the present year contains an ; extract from a memorandum by Mr. J. Bogers, ! Assistant Engineer, in which the area of ! these lands is given. The northern boun- ] dary extends from Kingston to Cockatoo ; Lake, near Morambro; the eastern bonn- j dary nearly coincides with the road be- | twecn Narracoorte and Penola, and the sou- i them includes the German Swamp, the Dismal | Swamp, and tbe flooded lands about Mount Maclntyre and Monbulla, comprising absut 1,750X00 acres. As farther evidence of the rest j extent we give tbe concluding sentence in fall: j — 'The magnitude of the undertaking may be : judged of from the fact tbat the part of the j district referred to contains an area equal to ' more than twice tbe combined areas of the Great Bedford Level (680,000 acres) ; Lin- j colnsbire Fens (75,000 acres); Bomney Marsh i (60,000 acres); Hatfield Chase (25,000 acres); : Bnd all the other drainage districts of England : pat together, the reclamation of which has been the work of centuries/ It is with this vast ! area Mr. Maclvor deals, and he publishes the opinioa tbat the lands are better suited for , pastoral than agricultural pursuits, and bis only evidence is obtained from samples of soil taken within a radius of five mil 8 of Millicent. Up to the present time probably £150,000 has been ex- ! pended on the drainage of ; i portion of this area, audit ia rather starting t- be told that after all the lands are better fit ted for pasture than for agriculture. But retalu prove exactly the opposite to be the cud We do not think 25 and 20 bushels of wheat »uld be grown upon land only fit for pastur -, yet many of tbe wheat crops yielded as much last year, and tome of them more. In I he neighbourhood of the Snuggery or Morrimbum there have always been good tro{s when tbe land could be worked. I Ltst year, we are informed, 25 bushels to t le acre was taken oS lacd rented from Mr. Telf«jr. Last Wednesday Mr. Hart told the Surveyor-General that he ceuld point to land from which 30 bushels to tbe acre was taken in 1S79, and our readers will remember that last season as much as 35 bushels to the acre was reaped by Mr.McUostie at Taa tanoola.' Bailwat Thattic. — It appears from the weekly returns that the number of passengers tbat travelled on the Government railways during the first eight months of the present year was 1,899.892, being equal to seven times tbe population of tbe colony. Or assuming the distance travelled each trip to be eight mil s, the aggregate distance would be equal to 600 times the circumference of 'the great globe itself.' Baix nr thb North. — The following tele gram, dated September 9, was posted in tbe Exchange on Friday : — 'An inch and a half of rain has fallen at Yartoo, Yardea, Coralbignie. Splendid general rain north and north-west of Fort Augusta.' A further telegram states thtt 0-033 rain fell on Thursday night, at Menindie, Biver Darling. Hxmbt Kettbk— To-day Henry Ketten, the pianist, who has been so enthusiastically re ceived throughout Australia, will arrive in Adelaide to fulfil an engagement to Mr. Allison. A series of concerts will commence in the Town Hall on Wednesday, September 15, which, judging by all that has been said of the musical genius of tbe performer, is likely to be a great treat to those who can appreciate impassioned music. Society fob thb Peohotioh of thb Fucb Abts ix Scotland. — The annual meeting of this Society and the distribution of the worts of art purchased by the Association during tbe year took place in the Queen-street Hall, Edin burgh, on July 28. There were 4,495 subscri bers, and thirty-two vuorks of art for distribu tion. Of these eight were carried off by colonial subscriber*, seven of whom are New Zealand colonists, and one is ia South Aus tralia. The prize- taker in thk colony was Mr. J. Gilbert, J.P., of Pewsey Vale, and is entitled ' An Eastern Oonnoisseur.' Tbe picture is by W. E. Lockhart, R.S.A., and is valued at £126. Satckdat Night's Popular Coscsets.— In consequence of tbe Exhibition new being held in the Town Hall the first popular concert of the last series, under the direction ef Mr. George KobertsoD, baa necessarily been postponed till Saturday next. We hear that a -very fine pro gramme will then te presented. EHTHBTAIHSreNT AT THE HOSFKAn FOB THB I9SASK. — On Thursday, September 9, an enter tainment was given in the Hospital for the Insane, Parkside, by a number of ladies and gentlemen. The programme prepared eecmed to suit the inmates^ to jndge by tfceir applause. Id addition to the usual songs and duets, three gentlemen presented the two farces, ' Wnnted an Actor' and ' A Scene in a Doctor's Shop,' which were very well received. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in tfce entertain ment :— The ' Misses Coombs add Gully, and Messrs. S. Banford. K. J. Gully, Fred. C. Coombs, TV. R. Schmidt, and Lyster. A vote of thanks was proposed by an inmate to the per formers for the very enjoyable evening they had provided, and a wish was expressed thst they wonld soon visit them again. Miss Coombs ably acted as accompanist. HrMGROCS LSCTTRE AT POET ADJXATDH. — The Bev. S. Green will deliver a humorous lecture in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, ou Monday night, in aid of the funds of Su Paul's Church. Portraits of illustrious Portoniacs under the magic lantern will be exhibited, and the lecturer will treat of tbeir songs, saying*, and doings. Sorra SrursDAS Cricket Clto:.— The South Saburbans held their annual meeting on Wed nesday, September 5, when great regret ires expressed at the resignations of Mr. W. H. Webb as captain, and Mr. h. Millwood as Secre tary. The former has held the position of captain «iace tbe club's formation, and has always given great satisfaction, while the latter has been indefatigable as Secretary and Treasurer. A vote of thanks was ac corded to tbe retiring Secretary, and Mr W. Carter was elected in his p!3ce. It was al«o decided that tbe Secretary should convey to Mr. Webb the thanks of the club for the able manner in which he had always performed the duties of captain since tbe club's formation. Mr. G. Holt was elected captain, and Mr. Smith vice captain. Pasobama ofHelbocbxb — We have received from Sir. M. L. HutcMneoa, of Melbourne, a paocraroa of that city, intended to serve aa a souvenir of the Exhibition. Thb Beefacees Meet.— By an advertisement whkh appears in the usual place it will be seen that members of the Hunt Club are invited to master at tbe Beefscres Estate at 1.30 p.m. — an hour before the hounds throw off. Asphalhsg thb Cm Strbet3.— We under stand that Mr. A Day, whose tender for l&yiag; down asphalt pavement in tbe city was the lowut, has dedised to sign the contract. Pbofessob Pepteb's Scientific Eictbbtaih mekts.— Professor Pepper took his benefit at the Academy of Mnj'c on Friday evening, Sep tember 10, and he had a very good house. The j audience had a capital entertainment, combining instruction and amusement, with a few sensa tions thrown in. The subject for consideration was alchemy, and some of the experiments were j aa startling as the subject is romantic. The | Professor sketched the progress of Alchemy j from the days of the ancient Egyptians, through j the dark ages, when the fevered search was I made for the philosopher's stone, up t3 modern ' times, when alchemy has given place to } chemistry. He then illustrated his remarks ; on 'the black art' by a number of interesting ; experiments. The first of these was the simple ! one of causing an egg to sink half-way down a ; glass jar and then rest in mid-water. The I explanation was that the specific gravity of tbe lower half of the water was greater than that of the egg, because of the salt which had been placed in the water. Then water was turned into blood (or what looked like blood), I acd blood into water again, by the addition of certain chemicals. The most sensational ex periment of tbe evening was a costly one, being nothing less than the burning of a diamond, kindly given to the Professor for the purpose by Mr. Steiner. The diamond, when burning, emitted a very brilliant light for about a minute, but, as the Professor remarked, it was rather a costly process for getting a light. An intense degree of heat was required to melt the diamond, and this was secured by the aid of oij-bydrogen gas, and then kept up by placing the burning diamond inside a bottle kept well supplied with oxygen gas. Another illustration, which occasioned a good deal of prelimi nary curiosity and no: a little surprise during its progress, was that of fire-handJinz. The Professor pat hid hand into boiling water and boiling lead without being scalded or burnt. There was no mistake about the band being in the hot liquid, as the Professor in one caie took an egg from the bottom of tbe water, and in the other he with his fingers dragged up and threw on the stage some of the melted metal. He then explained bow it was done, and, as Friar Bicon said of the discovery of gunpowler, it is quite easy when the tray is known. Previous to placing his hand in the fiery furnace he saturated it thoroughly with some solution which acted as a glove and effectually shielded the skin from injury. The entertainment closed with the exhibition of a tplendid series of views of the City of London, 'showing the great improvements recently made in the modern Babylon.' The Professor met with a very hearty reception, and wa* loudly applauded after each experiment. He is advertised to give bis last entertainment to-night, when a new series of experiments will be made, and the entertainment will conclude with a series of views of incidents in the war in Afghanistan. The Professor is about to leave Adelaide for about a fortnight, after which he will return to town, when he will exhibit the world-renowned 'Pepper's Ghost,' 8outh ArsTEAUAx Yacht Cettb — A meeting of this Club took place at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, on Friday night, September 10. Mr. W. Christie presided, and there was a small attendance. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. fi. Wool cough) read the balance-sheet, wbjch was adopted. The receipts were £155 11s. 9d^ inclsaive of a balance of £21 0s. 9d., members' subscriptions £112 7s, and other items. The payments included luncheon, re freshments, band, and general expenses connected with races, and left a balance in hand of £28 9j. lid. The following gentlemen were elected officers for the ensuing year:— Commodore, the Hon. W. H. Bundey. Q.O., MJP., A.G.; ViceOom modore, Mr B, Honey; Bear Commodore, Captain Tapley ; Secretary, Mr. B. Woolnough ; Treasurer, Mr. W. Ohristie ; Committee, Messrs. W. Bnssell, F. O. Mitchell, and Bandell ; Audi tors, Messrs. Willimott and TurnbulL The Hon. Secretary said he had written to the Victorian Olub in reference to the Intercolonial Yacht Bace, but had not received a reply. Nothing had been done in regard to sending small yachts round to Melbourne. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. BusgeU, that the date of the opening season be fixed by the Commodore and Secretary. The Olub adjourned after passing a vote of thanks to the retiring flag-officers. ? Footpath at thb Ovbbwat Bbimh, Poet eo ad.— Complaints have been made of late by travellers on the Port-roid tbat there is no foot path over the over way bridge at the Nairne crossing, and the consequence has been that they have had to walk along the road, which is at present in a very deplorable condition, and not at all fit for foot-traffic. Formerly resi dents in Thebarton in going to town used a path across the Park Lands, but this was cut off ia 187V, when the sewage works were begun. At that time a deputation drew the attention of the Commissioner of Public Works to the in justice done to the residents, and he had temporary bridges erected while the overway bridge was in course of construction. These, however, had been removed, and no provision has been made for the foot traffic. It is evident that there is no room for a footpath on tbe road, as it has been drawn in for aboat two chains on both sides of the approaches to the bridge, and it is consequently too narrow for foot passengers, as the wheeled traffic comes up to tbe abutment wall of the bridge. The resi dents have several times waited on the Com missioner in reference to the matter, and they now desire that a small foot- bridge should be put on tbe outside of tbe abutment wall of the bridge. This would not interfere with the width of the road, and would be a protection from the cattle from the market. The sudden rise ia the middle of tbe road makes it dangerous for foot passengers, as sometimes cattle from the market are up to them almost before they have time to get rat of the way. Some time ago a lady narrowly escaped being rushed at this place, and the matter was brought before tbe Commis sioner. On Monday last men in the employ of tbe Government began to fence a six-feet foot path afi the road ; but several of the residents waited on the member for the district, and the work was stopped, as the fence would have ren dered the rotd much too Barrow. Certainly something should be dene, and the idea of the residents for a foot-bridgo to be erected seems to be tbe most feasible one. Theatbb Rotal. — 'The Octoroon' was re peated at the Theatre on Friday evening, in the presence of a good bouse. The piece passed off quite as successfully as on its previous repre sentation. Miss Jenny Watt- Tanner gave an excellent portrayal of the character of Zoe, the Octoroon, and elicited frequent outbursts of approval from an appreciative audience. This evening ' The Royal Pardon, or the House of the Cliff,' a drama in foar acts, by Pellit and Conquest, will be presented for the first time in Adelaide. The first act at the ' Royal Pardon' opens with the return of Captain Seafield to his birthplace laden with riches. He is watched by the clerk of a pettifogging lawyer, who sees him open a satchel full of 'jewels and money. The clerk (Milbank) 13 instigated by Septimus Swindledown to obtain possession of the jewels. Milbank finding that be cannot obtain them without arousing the old man from his sleep, strikes him with a boatbuilder's adze and throws him over the cliff. The crime is j thrown upon the shoulders of Paul Markhatn, tbe keeper of the hotel in which tbe deed was done. The next act finds Milbank married to j Paul Markham's wife, Markham. having been I transported and reported to have died. Milbank j obtains a legacy which fell due to Markham the j day after the crime was committ-5d, half of which belongs to Markhanafo daughter, whom he wishes to dispose of ia order that he may possess the whole of the money. Paul Mark ; hsm, however, returns from abroad, ond frus I tratei the plots and machinations of Milbank to I destroy his daughter. Mr. Bland Hoit takes ! the part of an old drunken schoolmaster, who j has a number of quaint sajiagg, and wb.G proves j instrumental in frustrating Milbank from re I covering the treasure which he has hidden in the groand. Mb. Bowman's Kbsidrxcb .kbar Mimtabo. — I We have received & photograph of a residec.ee ? which has been erected near Mintaro for Mr. 1 E. Bowman. The building is aot yet quite com- i pletc, but to judge from the photograph it is a i splendid mansion, and will, when completed, be | one of the finest heuses oat of Adelaide. ! Botai United Chicket Clps. — The opening I meeting of this club was held on Thursday I eveniDg, September 9, at the Gilles Arms Hotel. | There was a good attendance of members, and I Mr. Ballesgall presided. Mr. Williams wsa ! elected Patron, Mr. Smith President, W. O. | Baker Captain, W. Watson Vice-Captain, C i Spooner Secretary, and A. Weber Treasurer. I Other Committees were appointed, and the date I of the opening match was fixed. i The Hkjdfast Bat Eailwat. — The number of pas&ergers; who travelled on this line for tbe three months commencing on Julie 1, the day on which the line was i opened to tie public, has amounted to 59,501. ; Tbe increase of passengers each moEth so far gives very satisfactory proof that the line is growing in favour, as may ba seen from the following figurfs:— For June the number was 18,C&0; July, 2:5,015; and August, 27,493; and this, be it remembered, daring the three worst months of tbe year for seaside visiting. The Saturday excursion traffic is al«o increasing, 1,632 tickets having been issued on Saturday last. Tbe income for the quarter was £2,173 from all sources. Waxwobks at Poet Adeiaidb.— Kreit- mayer's collection of wax figures was exhibited at the Town Hall. Port Adelaide, on Thursday, September 9, and it was viaited by a large number of people during the day. The figures include representations of the Kellys, and notorious people, as well aa of celebrated per ; ionages. Tbe Exhibition is open to-d»y. 