THE THEATRES, Etc. Br "Adagio." The only noticeable change at the Opera- house was the substitution of Mr. Vernon for Mr. Beaumont in the part of Ralph Rack- straw on Monday night. Mr. Beaumont re appeared on the following evening. The final performance of 44 H.M.S. Pinafore" took place last night (Friday). This evening M. Heori Ketten will . commence his second, season. He will only give four recitals. On Thursday night next Professor Haselmeyer will appear for a brief seasonal this house- He brings with hiip the late London puzzle, known as the Automaton Chess Player, as well as another ingenious puzzle, known As the Crystal Cabinet— a box made of. glass into which a lady is securely fastened, and made to dissolve into nothing under the eyes of the audience. J r . , On Saturday, night Mr. B, Fairclough appeared as Gamlet at the Theatre Royal. Mr. Fairclough has appeared here before in the same character, and it does hot therefore become necessary now to enter into that full' criticism of bis performance which is called for when a new actor essays the > representa tion of this most admired creation of the playwright's genius. The conception each one takes of Hamlet's character differs so often, and sometimes so much, that its close examination is always desirable and instruc tive, but in Mr. Fairclough's- case, for the reason already stated, this is not re quired. Sometimes the soliloquies in which his inmost feelings found a vent were given witlr too much rpggedness of voice and action. That on death in the third act was introduced by too hasty action. The deep thought and feeling expressed by the words were scarcely conveyed, it appeared to me, i m the actor's quick entrance and advance to th" front of the stage, where the first words of the soliloquy, conveying its essence, " To be, or not to be, that is the question," wore pro nounced without any evidenee of previous pondering over the. subject of his thoughts then turned to words. It is, however, in these details of conception that actors must he allowed to differ. The delivery of tthe text throughout Hie play was marked by a mastery of the elocutionary art on the speaker's part, his ad vice to the players being given with admirable inflection, and in the play scene voice, action, and facial expression were well suited to the words and scene, in the encounter with Laertes in the graveyard, the ranting language was mouthed with great effect, and the audience marked its high ap preciation of Mr. -Fairclough's performance by calling him before the curtain, not only at the end of the play, but at the conclu sion of nearly all of the six <aqt$, ! into which it was divided. The part pf Horatio was taken by Mr- CbariesrBrow®. : As the king, Mr. Charles Holloway was mot very- effective. Mr. Appleton's. Laertes was i a performance marked by carefulness of study, and a mastery ova: the tact which . Mr. Leering, as Pologuus, did not possess. Mr. Harry Emmett played Gsric, the «our- tier, successfully. Mr. W. <r. Carey was the Ghost. If the preternatural can so far : assume the natural as to revisit the glimpses of the moon inperceivable shape, itcan speak otherwise than in a monotone, althongh that is frequently accepted as the oorrect delivery. In the play scene Mr. B. N. Jones as sumed the part Lof the First Actor very creditably. Mr. Gieviile played his old part I -of the First Gravedigger. Miss Melrose es- j sayed the part of the unhappy Ophelia. \ She appeared to most advantage in the mad j scenes, and had the honour of being called before the curtain with Mr. Fairclough. The play was well mounted, and the walls of ! the castle in the first act formed a good j picture, but the graveyard scene was far prettier and more Effective altogether. On Thursday and Friday Mr. Fairclough ap peared as Richelieu. To-night (Saturday) " Richard TTT." will be produced. At the Bijou Theatre, on Saturday night, Mr. F. C. Burnand's drama, "The Turn of the Tide," had its first presentation in this city, before an audience which crowded the theatre in all parts. It was adapted more than a dozen years since by the writer from a novel of the day, " The Morals of May- fair." . "The JTuin of the Tide " oc cupies a dramatic Tom Tidler's Ground — a neutral 'territory, dividing the very . newest striopopmedy irom && «lder- fashioned drama of tby years ago,uhaying in it the PPfflesang great originaoy it has some dramatic fibre, <>f a quahJltoo, that jenhanees the patbji for, - .heroipe, without engen dering feelmgs of profound pity or ran corous hatred. It is, therefore, not unnatural, while the events depicted are far- from improbable, and there is sufficiency of realism to suit : the practical minds of modern theatregoers. The majority of the characters are conventional in pattern. There is the artist friend of the hoRO, who, with the " ruling passion" strong upoii him, never forgets tp pull out his sketchfbook to " do ' an outlined' His affected cynicism only covers a kindly heart, and his shallow philosophy, born of . the smpke which circles slowlyupwmrd from hismeeptohaum, andjust. as ephemeral, isof th negative quali which real philosophers- spiile at. Then there are the Danbye, the vulgar and evil elemait (or rather what little there is of evil)- in the . story. The father, honest, shrewd, and without affectation ; the mpther, an illiterate, narrow-minded, and pomppus old creature ; ..and the daughter, a 'thorough.' little feminine ' " cad." - Mr. Burnand has attempted some- > thing new in the way of heroines, and he shows ais, in Marguerite Asheton, a yonng girl brought up in seclusion, educated, refined, nd innocent, who, giving her heart almost unsolicited, finds that her lover is a married man, yet does not afterwards hesitate to accept from him a declara tion of his passion. The story -is common enough. Blood allied to money by a manoeuvring mother,- coldness and estrangement of husband and wife and departure of the former to the Continent, where, in a Breton cottage, he finds his fate in a charming English gixh His wife's subsequent death at a time when the life of the woman he loves depends upon it, and their ultimate happiness, make the sum of the plot. Taken as a whole, the drama, if not a great literary effort, is thoroughly actable, and whenever played and mounted well, ought to command public favour. As Marguerite Asheton, Miss Ada Ltoter , deals with her part intelligently. Nothing codld be better than the me&vete; and in nocence she displays in her unrestrained intercourse withPhikp Earnscliffe, and when the latter, urged by Neville, the artist, to do what is honourable, relates to . her in Hie Grotto pi Morgape the story of his unhappy marriage, the distress his communication causes her was beautifully ; expressed. The . effort upon her mind of the poarse scenes, of recrimination of which she to the subject is the Danby household, and her sufferings tliere, are cleverly as well as touchingly sliPwn, and only in the strongerphases p|. the' play th"we find Miss jester lacking in physical intensity. Tlie cnarm of lier mapper and acting in a great measure compensates for this deficiency, and makeher rendering extremely satisfactory. Mr. Wyteit Reeve, as Philip Earnscliffe, does not, , to my mind, present an appearance ? of . sufficient I juvpnility. He plays with force and passion, but he is stronger in a quarrel scene with his wife, Lady Clara, than in his love- making. The episode of an accident at. Interlachen, in which hjs wife meets her death, gives him a good opportunity for dramatic acting, of j which he does not fail tP avail himself, tlie impression he generally makes being a highly favourable one. If Mdlle. Le> grand's English was equal to ber capa bility for physical expression, her Lady Clara would commend itself as the be-t character she has given us. Mr. H. Vincent, who made his first appearance at this house, and was warmly received, played the part of Edgar Neville with an absence of constraint most pleasant to contemplate. He is the Fidus Achates of Earnscliffe, and. says a few sharp things and does a num- bberofjgood ones. But, then, he does this well, with" an air of vrai&embhmce; very satis factory; he looks Well, anfi dress.es with excellent taste ; and these points always tell' well with an audience. Mr. Joyce, as Dr. Mortimef, has one of the most diffi cult characters in . the piece to sustain, , and he made it very i a pressive by careful and ; clever acting. Mr. G. P. Garey, as Jfe- . Danby, has all the low comedy fun in his hands, and 'except Mr. Fred. Marshall, I do not know anyone in Australia wfio cou!4 hahfileit better. Mrs. Wooldridge vs Mrs. Lianby, and Miss lizzie Dixon fifes Danby. One of the best of soubrettes , Urns , ' Dixon has lately, owing to managerial eu- gencies, I presume, been ctftnpelled to play parts for which she is not fitted, and Mifes Danby is,ene of these, Mr. Grist has exhausted the limited re sources of the house in mounting the piece. Nearly all the scenes are new. That of the old Chateau of Kersaint, Brittany, the grotto and caves of Morgane, which is not Jjnlike the cava scene in " TheColleen Bawn," an/d a chalet scene, elicited loud ex- pressions of approval, fir, 0rist being called before the curtain for the latter. It is likely that " The Turn of the Tjde" will keep the . boards for some time, for, although portions of th® first and second acts are a trifle mono tonous, th® others are full of interest or amusement. 7 POdorrtanfi that Miss Ada Lester returns Mlngtofion the 7th i»stapt. Her loss wjll be a heftYy one, leading ladfes are for too few w Australia, i Them was a veiy excellent attendanoe at the People's Theatre on Saturday ! when a new bill was presented, in- i eluding the drama of Lost in London," and the farce of " H.M.R. F;;i<fire." "Lost in London" is no, novelty to Melbourne play goers, but I doubt whether it has been better played than it was on Saturday night. Mr. Sam Emery's Job Armroyd was a very excellent impersonation, the pathetic side of the old miner's character being remarkably well developed/ Miss Laura Wiseman's im personation' of the deluded but repentant heroine, Nelly Armroyd, was quite excellent. Mrs. Hall, as the good-natured Tiddy, was quite at home in a class of character she has made specially her own. The humour of the piece devolved on M& J. L. Hall, and, I need not say, lost nothing in his experienced hands. The remaining characters were all very fairly sustained. The farce, of " H.M.S. Spitfire," with Mr. 3. L. Hall As Tobi'asSh'oricut, was ex ceedingly diverting. Mr. Hall's essays at com manding a man-of-war and her crew, and his seasfok tribulations, caused roars of laughter. Thd MetVbpolitan Leidertefe\held its last concert of the season at the , Town-ball on Monday last, His Exbeffbney the , Governor being present as one .of the guests., ? The artists assisting were Miss Bosina Caran- dlni, Miss Christian, Mr. Armes Beau mont, Signor Ortori, and Mr. T. H.. Guenett. Miss Carandiui sang the grand scene, " Fly hence, each idle fear," from 44 Matilda of Hungary," a little-known opera by Vintient Wallace. The scena is lengthy, though pretty, and serves well as a medium for the display of the florid quality of the singer's voice. In the second part she gave, for the first - time here, a song written by Mr. F. H. Co wen, " Never Again." It is thoroughly characteristic of the author of 44 Pauline," free, flowing, and essentially inelodious. An artist who feels the .poetry of her subject as Miss Caiandini does, ele vates the character of even a mediocre composition. Mr. Cowen's song is inherently "good, and therefore Hie finger has taken kindly to it, and sings it beautifully, Sbe was recalled twice to the platform. Miss Christian's selections were Giordani's 44 Canst thou believe," and as an . encore, Marzial's ; thoroughly English ballad, Twickenham Ferry." The refined and emotional qualities ot the singer's organ were exhibited with toll ing power in Giordani's beautiful song, the latter number displaying its robustness. Mr. . Beaumont gave a first rendering here of a song by Stephen Adams, 44 The one I love," evidently suggested by the same composer's "Blue Alsatian Mountains." It has the same swing, rhythm, and melodi ousness, and it will become popular.. Mr. Beaumont was called to the platform for his good delivery. Signor Ortori played two violin solos — an elegie by Bazzini, and a fantasie brillante on airs in 44 Der Frie- schutz " by the great Basque violinist, 'Sarasate. Mr. T. H. Guenett played two little pianoforte pieces— his own pretty "Slumber" song, and a movement from a sonata . of Dussek's. The latter was given brilliantly; and, at the same time, with a carefulness of treat ment which cannot be too highly spoken of. The society notify that the first concert of the new season will he held on the 18th : October, when, instead of the usual opening concert for gentlemen only, it is intended, in view of the Exhibition festivities, to in augurate it with a social evening' for ladies and gentlemen. / 1 