THEA.TKE. ROYAL. : T9te inauguration of a new Shaksperian sea-* sob at the Theatre libyal onSaturday, July 24, :was.marked by the. reappearance of Mr. B. Fairclough, who received a very hearty welcome from a crowded auditory. When he was pre viously in Adelaide some five years ago, Mr. Faicelough was'a popular actor, whose Ability, was recognised by a vary large circle of theatre gears, arm judging by his reception on Saturday his popularity is not likely " [y to wane under his pre sent engagement. Mr. Fairclough is not an actor of the modern stamp, whose^forte may be' comedy or .melodrama, bnt who aspires to the higher walk of, tragedy to satisfy his ambition, but he is essentially a tragedian, one of the Saw now npion the stage who may be classed as students of Shakspeare, and therefore his per- - formances have a greater value on'this account, i There were many who during Mr. Ores wick's iSbskspearian season did- not admire that ;c pable actor's impersonations because ofc.fhe , I physical disabilities that attended "an actos-.whd ' | had been before the public for, nearly half a [century, and there were differences of opinion I as to the style in which some of the characters j were played by liim,- but public opinion wa3 : unanimous on the subject of his ability to : elucidate the meaning oi! Shakspeare,.- to give i dramatic effect to the language, and to. display as an elocutionist a very high order of. merit. Want of clearness, in enunciation was- a defect that attended him only on account of his age; but it was always .a pleasure to listen to Mr.. Ores wick's reading of Shakespeare, apart altogether from the value of his acting. In Mr. Fairclough we have- a more youthful actof, but one whose, powers are matured, and who should be in the very heyday of bis fame. He has much to recommend him in personal appearance (althoughit is a question whether a moustache is any improvement to his face), and he has an easy graceful manner, and. walks the stage as one-who knows that he is capable , of portraying the most- difficult of Shakspeare's creations with artistic excellence and realistia effect. Mr. Fairclough, however, has one drawback that may not be so apparent to himself as to his audience, and that is that he often speaks in an undertone that can scarcely be heard in the auditorium, and " bites.off" Ms words. The defect is one that cap be remedied with case, and ; is mo3t noticeable when speaking colloquially, not when he simu lates passion er wfej»n the tragic, powers are roused. This was. particularly apparent Saturday in the opening act, and the famous soliloquy, uO that this too, too solid, flesh would melt," buffered in consequence, .also the speech to the players in the second act. Mr. Fairclough, however, evoked autonn of enthnsiastia applause by his admirable rendering of the self-impeach ing soliloquy, " O, what a, rogue and peasant I slave am I." , Every gesture was appropriate, ; every utterance expressive of the passion that filled Hamlet's soul, and which whichhadtobe curbed..! and kept under restraint until the opportunity was affordedhim of proving the guilt of the king and avenging the murder of bi3 father. Again in the play scene* he was most effective, and also in the interview with his mother, where he intensifies the reality of u holding discourse with theincorporalair" by following hi&father;'s ghost to. the portal of the chamber and there falling prostrate as the receding figure departs ; from his view. The force of the comparison between; the dead king and. his murderer, waa f somewhat marred by the scenepainter represent i ing the; defunct hero as a crook-legged ugly ' sample of humanity, instead of one upon whom . " every God did seem, to set his seal, tq give the : world assurance of aman " The living bushand, > who waslikea " mildewed ear blasting the whole some brother," was much the better king of -the1 two,, on canvas. In the final act Mr. Fairclough again displayed his skill in the fencing match and in the dying scene. He was frequently and deservedly called before the curtain. Mr. Fairclough's reading of the part makes it evident that Hamlet's madness was only feigned, a reading which is most acceptable to the majority of Shaksperian students. Miss Annie Mayor as Ophelia quite took her audience by surprise, "her admirable acting in the mad soene evoking a most enthusiastic reoall. This clever young actress, who is Australian born and eduoatei, has Beldombeen afforded so good an opportunity of showing her histrionio power as in her por trayal of "thesorrowsof the sweet , and gentle Ophelia". Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner as Queen Gertrude was too youthful looking for the mother of Hamlet, and was not sufficiently emotional in the chamber scene. It was observable that she made no change in her costume,Iwbether in court, in her chamber, or at Ophelia's funeral. Mr. Elliott as the King was stiff and monotonous; Mr. Fleming was fairly successful as Laertes, but if he changed parts with Mr. Phillips, the Horatio, we think both parts would be improved; Mr. Palmer was a creditable Polonius; and Mr. Thorne amusing as the first gravedigger; Mr. HoUoway as the ghost, and Miss Knight as Osrio, aided in the success of the representation. Some of.the other characters were satisfactorily, sustained. On the whole the play was well mounted, and the limelight effects were very well managed. "Hamlet" will be repeated this evening. 