| However much, we may be rendering i ourselves liable to the suspicion ox having an enmity towards Roman Catholic insti tutions, we feel it to be our duty to con . demn the ill-considered language applied, at Temora on Sunday last, by the elo quent Dr. Bermingham to Sir Henry Parkes. If tlie brief report given in one of the local papers (and it is confirmed j by other reports) is true, tlie reverend j gentleman alluded to the antagonism I that at present existed between the I Orange body and the Catholics- — an an I tagonism which was v shown bitterly in j the late elections; and then, curiously . | enough, he expressed his regret most | deeply that such should be the case ! I Looking, for the cause, he assigned it to I the 'sordid and self-aggrandising mo | ? ' tives of one whom he dubbed an ex I ' Chartist — one who would dethrone the j !. I 'Queen and take from us [Roman I ' Catholics] the freedom and liberties at I ' present enjoyed if his ambitions only I ' could be realised.' He, moreover, 1 1 ' emphatically asserted that the govern 1 ' inent of a country being in the hands ' of such a man was a most dangerous ' matter.' The language herein imputed to Dr. Bermingham is certainly not that | ? of an exact, if of an eloquent mind ; and that conveying the preacher's emphatic assertion is particularly ambiguous. It is evident that the preacher's allusions V were directed to Sir Henry Parkes. ^ v From the parrot- cry of 'ex-Chartist,' j this conclusion is forced upon the reader, 1 who must by this time be pretty well accustomed to it- It is worn as thread bare as the ' Kiama Ghost' or ' Grand father's Clock.' The people of New South Wales have heard it till it has become nauseous: and yet these silly people will shut their ears and elevate this accursed 'ex-Chartist' to the high est position of trust in managing the affairs of the country. The antagonism of which the reverend doctor spoke will never be allowed to die out whilst clergy men of his stamp rule the church ; both in season and out of season — mostly out v of season — he does his 'level best' to keep alive this flame of antagonism. Whilst he claims freedom for himself, he has frequently shown from the pulpit that, if he had the power, he would deprive every ' heretic' in the country of even the shreds of liberty. We are grateful that he has not that power. , And even his own laymen, many of them, | 'would cry with us, 'Heaven forfend!' There could not. probably be found ai more dangerous tongue than the un bridled member of Dr. Bermingham in a time of heated political contest ; and it is fortunate that here in this country ' I people's passions are not to he readily J ' worked upon. To-day it would set old jf, Ireland ablaze : but here, happily, the cold-irony nature of the people makes it difficult to work up a very white heat. It may well be asked in this country — 'Who is it that is oppressed ?'? And the labour is in vain which searches to find any class of the community which is in a worse position politically than another | class. All stand on an equal footing ; ! , and Sir Henry Parkes knows well that the people as a whole would not tolerate any hardship being imposed upon one sect or another in the community. Cer tainly it would be a dangerous matter if the government of our country were in \- the hands of ' such a man' as the reverend doctor vaguely described : but ' we haven't such a man- — we haven't any man who would even talk of dethroning the Queen. Dr. Bermingham is the most likely man to talk in this way : but then it is not probable that government ' will be placed in his hands. In any fair discussion of the character of Sir Henry Parkes as a public man, it must be admitted that he is too much given ' to empty talk against priests, Jesuits, and Roman Catholic combina tions : but, so long as he confines himself \- to. mere bravado upon the platform, there ' is no reason to feel any anxiety about the safety of anybody's liberties. It is | to the interest of the country that the i utmost liberty of speech and action should i be allowed the citizen, no matter what, station he may hold : and hence we claim even that liberty of speech for Dr. 1 ' Bermingham and others which he enjoyed ; on Sunday last at Temora, or which, has i . been frequently exercised of late by thei episcopal heads of the Roman Catholic Church in this colony. It is well that . ' they should be even enconragcr! to speak out what they feel ; then any tendencies to evil will be tempered down by such free' criticism as that which we claim the right to exercise — apart from sectarian v'y animosity — as a counteracting influence : Av audit is only when threats and intimida -*' arc used as against our govornmont CT.Tr-'^- ? ^ ? ! ? ? ? institutions that the Legislature should step in to take away what is the exercise — not of liberty, but of an arrogant license We need have no dread of the Premier's sentiments towards the throne of Yictoria — no more, indeed, than of Dr. Bermingham's loyalty to the spiritual sovereignty at Rome. If there is one thing more than another for which Sir Henry Parkes deserves to be commended, it is for his avowed loyalty to British institutions. 