GENERAL NEWS. The City Council sat as a court of revision on Monday morning, November 15. There were 30 applications for the insertion of names on the burgesses roll, of which five were allowed. _ A. deputation, consisting of Messrs. Basedow, M.P., J. W. Downer MJ?., It. D. Ross, MJP., J. Warren (chairman of the Mount Craw ford District Council), T. porter and W.Stanley (councillors), J. Hommett, R. Ross, J.P., and Gilmore, waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Monday morning, November 15, with respect to the leasing of land in the Hundred of Barossa. Mr. Warren pointed out that owing to an intimation being received from the Commissionar that there was no objection to the land in question being leased by the council for depasturing purposes until it was selected, the council had taken the matter in hand and issued commonage licences. It was confidently anticipated, that because the country was of snch a character as to preolude anyone carrying out the cultivation clauses of the Act, only a very small quantity would be selected, but the counoil had no idea that the Government would lease the land. On hearing of their intention to do so the council had re presented the injustice that would be done to the people who had taken out licences until the 1st July, and the Commissioner had replied that half the commonage fees would be re turned. This would not meet the case at all. The deputation wished the Government leases to be dated from July 1st next year, and in this respect they were backed up by a pnblic meeting held on Saturday at which a memorial was adopted to that effect. The upset price asked for the leases was he con sidered monstrous, and should be at once reduced. Mr. R. D. Ross commended the action of the Government in cutting up the scrub laud into proper blocks for pastoral purposes, as it would benefit a large number of settlers. He thought, howerer, the upset price fixed on the land in question was extremely high, and was of opinion that it was only reasonable that those who bad taken out depasturing licenses should have . the advantage of this seasons grass. Mr. idowner and Mr. Basedow also characterised the request as a reasonable one, and said if granted it would work no harm to anyone. The Commissioner pointed out that when lands were being sur veyed it was a notice to the district council that any control they had over such lands ceased. In the action he had taken he had not wished to do the council any injury, because besides receiving the commonage fees they wonld receive an advantage by means of rates in the alteration of the system fromoommonage to leasing. He had given instructions that all vacant pieceB of land throughout the colony should be leased, and one of his attongest reason for doing this was that once the land was leased the lessees would have to clear it of rabbits instead of the Government, and an enormous expense would be saved. Another reason was that a great quantity of this com monage land was not utilised to the extent it could be if it were properly fenced in. On re ceiving the complaint of the Mount Crawford District Council he had offered to repay half the commonage fees to the lessees, but owing to the manner in which the subject had been placed before him that morning he would , confer with the Surveyor-General, and he be lieved he would be able to meet the wishes of the deputation. With regard to the upset price being so- very bigb, he knew there was excellent gas zing country going right to the top of the Barossa Range, and he pointed out instances where 2s. 6d. and 3s. an acre was paid for the lease of fairly grassed land. However, if the' price in this instance was too high people would not take it, and the land could be offsrud again at a lower figure. The following is a record of the rain fall between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same, houron Monday:— Alice Springs.., 0 230 Jamestown .... 0100 Narridy ... 0*070 Georgetown ... 0090 Redhill ... 0050 Kooringa ... 0070 Farrell's Mat... 0*150 Auburn ... 0*200 Hoyleton ... 0*090 Balaklava ... 0100 Port Wakefield 0 065 Wallaroo... ... 0*100 Moonta ... 0*140 Port Victoria... 0*170 Maitland ... 0*190 Minlaton ... 0 250 Yorketown ... 0*270 Kapunda ... 0*070 Tanunda ... 0*130 Mount Pleasant 0*130 Mount Torrens 0*190 Salisbury . ... 0*220 Adelaide (Ob.) 0*110 Noarlunga ... 0*150 Mt. Barker ... 0*300: Willunga ... 0*400. Normanville ... 0*260: Cape Borda ... 0*055 Kingseote ... -0*100 Port Elliot .... 0 035 Goolwa ... 0'0S0: Meningie ... 0*030 Kingston ... 0190 Robe ... ... 0*210 Stansbury ... 0*110 Border Town... 0*115 Wentworth ... 0*0901 Narracoorte ... 0*170 Overland Corner 0*070 | Penola... ... 0*300 Blancbetown... 0*090 j Millioent ... 0*270 Riverton ... 0.020 | MountGambier 0*300 The Australian cricketers arrived by the! R.M.S. Khedive on Sunday, November 14, but owing to the very rough weather that prevailed none of them landed exoept Jarvis. It was reported in town that if their luggage could not be got ashore the rest of the team would go on to Melbourne without landing. If they do stop at Adelaide they will be publicly received by the mayor and councillors at the Town Hall to day, and a banquet will be given in their honor. An enrolment of volunteers in the Local Military Force, and also a discharge of volun teers who had served three years in the foroe, took place at the Staff Office, North-terrace, on Satnrday, November 13. There were present the Colonel Commandant (Lieutenant-colonel Downes), Captain Fergusson, D.A.A.G., Adju tant Williams, Lieutenant Powell, Surgeon major Clindening, and Sergeant- majoiB Stephen son and Oallaghan. Subjoined are the par ticulars of the enlistment and discharging:— , Recruits enrolled, 34; re-enrolled, 28; enrolled in the reserve, 8; discharged, 24; nnmber of i recruits enrolled in each company, A 4, B 7, O 3, D 9, E 11; enrolled artillery, 5; totap recruits, 39. A service of a somewhat novel character was held in the Flinders-street Baptist Church on Sunday evening, November 14, when the church was crowded, seats having to be placed in the aisle. Mrs. Baeyertz, who occupied the pulpit, is by birth a Jewess, but she has defi nitely accepted the gospel of Jesus Christ, and foe Bome yeara has b$en laboring to persuade .others to embrace the same truth. The change in her •• religious life , was brought about,in connection with the sudden death of_ her husband some ten -years ago in Victoria. The clear narrative of this tran sition Jn her spiritual history is supplied in her tract entitled " From darkness to light." Mrs. Baeyertz, after'embracin'gtbe teachings of the New Testament, became identified with the Episcopalians, but after a while saw it to be her duty to be immersed upon a profession of her faith in Jesus Christ, The Bev. W. O. Bun ning, of Geelong, baptized her. In the course of time her zeal constrained her to devote her self to the spiritual welfare of young women in various Melbourne factories. Her powers in addressing audiences thus became developed, and_ for some time past she has been holding special services, open to men and women, and -the largest buildings in* Ballarat, Sandhurst, Launceston, and elsewhere have been crowded to excess. Large numbers have professed to find eternal peace in connec tion with her ministrations. She wa3 invited to visit this colony for an evangelistic mission by the ministers cf the Baptist denomination. She proposes to hold at least three weeks' services in the city. . On Sunday her ap pearance in the pulpit was characterised by simplicity of attire, and her style of speak ing by distinctness of utterance, although her voice was not at its best. The audience listened with Bubdued earnestness and solem nity. She intimated that she did not undertake to preach, but wished, in simple language, to unfold some of the teachings of Scripture. In the course of her address she referred more than once to her former position as holding the Jewish faith. An after meeting was held for enquirers only. Mr. Matthew Burnett held his fourth and last temperance meeting at Fort Adelaide, in the town hall, on' Saturday evening, November 13\. The attendance was very large, the hall being crowded. The chair was taken by Mr. T. Hack, J.F. (Mayor of Fort Adelaide), and he was accompanied on the platform by the Bevs. S. Baymond, J. W. Bamber (sec.), and Messrs. E. Hi Derrington, J.P., T. Bastard, B. J. McCarthy, E Hounslow^-G. Swann, and others. The chairman in his opening address mentioned that that was probably the last time he wonld occupy the chair as mayor at a public meeting, and he was exceedingly pleased that it was a gathering of that description. Mr. B. J. McCarthy, after relating some personal expe riences of bis life appertaining'to temperance, spoke as to the good done in Adelaide by Mr. Burnett, alluding to individual cases coming un der his own knowledge. He expressed his dis approbation of the statements made about Mr. Burnett, to the effect that he was making a paying thing of his temperance mission, and _ asserted that Mr. Burnett never received a farthing for his work. Mr. Bastard also gave an address en the benefit ef total abstinence, instancing his own case as an example. In concluding he presented Mr. Burnett with a very handsome ivory and silver mounted _ malacca cane, suitably insoribed, accompanied by an autobiography in manuscript of himself, which had taken him, he stated, three months to write. Mr. Burnett heartily thanked Mr. Bastard for the gifts. Mr. S. Gill gave a description of an emblematical temper ance ship, designed and constructed by himself. The Bev. J. W. Bamber read a statement show ing the result of Mr. Burnett's visit to the Port by, which it appeared that up to the beginning of that week 1,104 pledges had been taken, and during the week 165, making a total of 1,239. Mr. Bnrnett had put down 2,000 pledges as the Gutcome of his work, which number, he thought, would be reaohed shortly. The expenses incurred up tp date since Mr. Bornetfs arrival amounted to £21 9s. 9d., and the receipts were £10 7s;6d.,leaviDg a balance to be made up of £11 2s. 3d. Mr. Derrington then rose to make a Statement on behalf of Mr. Bnrnett. He said it was not the first time that Mr. Burnett had been _ charged with gross inconsistency, and his character defamed, and several attempts had been made to interfere with the usefulness of his mission. It had been stated that whilst in public he made great pro fessions of total abstinence he privately in dulged in drink. There had, however, not been the slightest evidence brought forward in proof of this. After some trouble the report had been traced to its alleged author, who had given a written declaration in writing to the effect that the statement was altogether untrue. He trusted, therefore, that whenever they heard the report made they wonld give it a direct con tradiction. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Burnett, who was received with loud applause, said that that was the last of the long series of Saturday night meetings which he had held round and about Adelaide. He regretted he could not stay longer, but he had given his pledge to spend a few weeks in the North. He then proceeded to heartily thank those who had supported him in his work, specially mentioning his secretaries (Mr. W. B. Stephens and the Bev. J. W. Bamber). He also acknowledged with thanks the support he had received from the press. In conclusion he intimated to his audience that he intended after completing his mission in this colony to go to New Zealand, and from thence to .America, to work in the temperance cause. After that if his life was spared he would visit the United Kingdom for the same purpose, A collection was made at the close of the proceed ings. Mr. William Mair is to address the rate payers of New Glenelg Ward at the Broadway Hotel, Glenelg,this evening. The secretary of the Home for Incurables has received the sum of £5 5s. from the Eight Hours Demonstration Committee as a donation in aid of the home. The Key. Osric Copland is to deliver a lecture this evening in the Brougham- place Congregational, Lecture - hall on " William Wilberlorce." This evening an entertainment will be given in Garner's Theatre in aid of the City Mission fund. Professor Pepper has kindly consented to give his lecture "The Gold-seekersof old," illustrated by [several [experiments, and the pupils of the Central Model School, under the direction of the principal (Mr. A. Clark), will give musical selections. There was a fair attendance at Garner's Theatre on Saturday evening .to witness Pro fessor Pepper's entertainment. The leading feature in the programme was the ghost illusion, theprinoipal oharacter.in it being Ned Kelly! Copies of the ghost piofcure were given away, and the entertainment concluded with the shadow pantomime. The Working Men's Rowing Club at Port Pirie have obtained a first-class boat from Port^ Adelaide. According to the local paper, she is a string-test clinker- built craft, 39 feet 8 inches long, and was purchased with sculls and all the usual accessories a dead bargain. She is , called the Neptune, and has seen some service in Port Adelaide. A crew from the club had the boat out, and although evidently unused to her class they sent her along' at a good speed. Con sequent on this fresh acquisition to the racing fleet of the port it is rumored that the senior rowing clnb intend getting an outrigger built, which will be fitted with all the latest improve ments. There is seme talk also of the working men getting a boat superior eveu to the Neptune, and should these anticipations be carried out there is every prospect of the next regatta affording some really high-class exhibitions in the pulliDg direction. . We bave been asked to draw attention to the fact that the first of a series of popular . entertainments will be given in Ghristchurch schoolroom on Tuesday evening, November 23. The object of these entertainments is, we are informed, to provide a cheap evening's amuse ment for young men, and a reasonable charge is to be made for admission. .There can be no doubt that the movement will have the cordial support of all philanthropic persons, and that young men would be very much better employed attending such an entertainment than idling in the streets. The gentlemen principally in terested are Captain J. A.Fergusson, Dr. Nesbit, and Messrs. Gruttenden, J. J. Pitcher, and W. G. Wilkinson. The Bev. Mr. Ooghlan has also taken an active interest in the projeot, and he has obtained the use of the Christchuroh school room. It is intended in the event of the move ment being successful to enlarge its scope, and it is probable that an institute or gymnasium may be erected in some part of North Adelaide 