AHC'S REVENGE, Bt W. T. CHAPTER I. ' Well, Donald, old man, how does it pan oufr' 'Splendidly! Will, splendidly ! Hurrah! Struck it at last ! Just look at the grand prospect Two ounces to the tub, or I'm a Dutchman. Cooee for Dave and Ahc to come up,' and the enthusiastic speaker held in the bright sunlight at least half-an-ounce of heavy, shotty gold. A cooee, long, loud and clear, and one that even a blackf ellow would have admired, and that made tho bills ring again, soon brought our two mates to the little dam's side to enjoy the welcome sight. ' What jolly luck,' was Dave's oomment ; V and just before Chnstmas, too. By the Lon Harry ! won't I send pater and mater and the young 'uns a Christmas-box, that's all ? No more work to-day, boys,' and he threw down the shovel that, in his hurry, he had brought with him from our now ' golden hole.' We smiled at our young mate's boister ously expressed joy, and Abo (otherwise known among- the pigtail children of the flowery Land as Ah Cooey),' who, after the style of bis race, had been standing stolidly by, turned away with the simple ramark, ' No more work ? Alright ; go and get tools,' and off went the Celestial fomch partner ia the bonanza. 4 A. light-hearted party we were in the teat that night, aud many were the air-castles we built, and great the stock of fan we laid in for ourselves with the dividends to be realised before Christmas Day, then about a fortnight distant. Ahc kept muttering something to himself, which, being in his native language, was, of course, slightly unintelligible, but iu which the word ' Canton' was often repeated ; and once or twice I caught Dave fondly gazing at a miniature in a little heart-shaped locket he always carried with bim, and which he one day gravely assured me was the portrait of his sister. ' Your own, or somebody else's P' was Doiiald*6 dry comment on this information being- tendered, a query which remained unanswered, except by Dave's blushes. We had been mates we four for a long time, and, though young men all, had pros pected a good many places, with the diggers' usual luck — sometimes doing- pretty well; at others, as at the Berlin, working from week to week without getting the colour, whilst the claim next to us hardly went a fort night without turning out a decently-sized nugrget or two. Dave, Donald and I had been school fellows, and Ahc, whom I had known for some years at Ballarat, we had taken into partnership at the Berlin, the considera tion he paid us for that honour being the use of his name and oredit with a countryman storekeeper — no slight consideration, I can assure you, when for about two months before Ahc' 3 admission to the firm we had been on such short commons, that in another week or two a ' skeleton would have been a Dan'l Lambert to some of us,' and we had more than once discussed the advisability of casting lots as to which unlucky one was to fall a victim to his mates' hunger. Ahc had been long enough in the country to talk English like a native, and was especially valuable to us for his intimate knowledge of the fields where miners most did congregate. A straight, square man was Ahc, and in a short time we got to like and trust him immensely. Following his advice, we had made tracks for Dolly' 8 Creek, a diggings a few miles from the head of the Moorabool, and situated at no great distance from, the Meredith station, on the Ballarat and Geelong railway line. Dolly's Creek at this time was inhabited principally by a few Scotch families, who had come straight from the ship thither, and many of whom, during all the years they had lived there, had never been more than twenty miles away from their homes in any direction ; had never visited Melbourne, Gee long, Ballarat, or any other large town, and knew only of these places from the few people and hawkers who came to them with mer chandise, etc. A quiet, peaceable community, living in and among themselves, and caring nothing for the outside, wearying, bustling world, and whose children were taught the three It's by the neat little village schoolmistress, whose cosy ivy and rose-covered cottage served the twofold purpose of school and dwellinghousc. Among these people we sojourned for a few weeks, tail tho prospecting, -which con sisted solely in stripping the soil for about six inches in depth, was finished, and then, under the direction of our Celestial guide, philosopher, and friend, we 'folded our tents, like the Arabs, and as silently stole away.' Not, however, before I bad found time to pay the echoolhonse a parting visit, and to receive from the little teacher a bunch of roBes, violets, and mignonette, a slight pressure as I lingeringly held her little hand — in a good-bye grasp, and a half -averted tender gianoe from her bright brown eyes, that sent me away with a full heart, and with a strong determination to come back some day for my little Olive. We tramped along all day, and, just as the sun was sinking behind the hills, we pitched our tent on a little rise, about a quarter of a mile from the river bank, and close to a spot from the indications of which Ahc thought would be likely to prove gold-bearing. It was a lovely place we had seleoted, with a obarm of scenery which, tired as I was with carrying a heavy swag all that hot day, I couldn't help strolling out £after tea to admire. The little hill we had built our tent on sloped gently down to the river, which, although somewhat low at that time of the year, still had sufficient water in it to cause a faint murmuring gurgle as it! rippled over the numerous enags and huge boulders with which its bed waB blocked. The opposite bank was a preoipitous hill, which rose sheer from the channel's edge, and which was covered with tall, straight gum-trees, with a dense undergrowth of ferns, etc. Through the trees flitted bright, gnudy-plamaged parrots, the more aedate-haed minah and wattle-bird, the jay and the lond-soreeched cockatoo, all makiog their way home at a decent hour, while the laughing-jackasses kept up a.oontinuous ring of sarcastic mirth. Ae the sun went down, it lit up the trees on the top of themonntwith a last lingering golden ray, as if loth to leave, and oast a halo rouud old Gin- Gin (as we afterwards christened it, from a bottle we found there), that flickered a moment, and then gave way to the grey shadows of night. About a half-mile further down the stream was a huge excavation, which had been made by the flool-waters of past years, but vhioh was now thickly clothed from summit to bottom with sarsaparilla, wild daisies and pennyroyal, from which a strong perfume arose as I crashed it with my feet. Between this and the Moorabool lay a deep, silent pool in the rook, which was filled with little trout. Still further down, the river took a eudden bend round old Gin-Gin, and was loet to view. As I strolled back to the tent, the wind went whispering through the trees with that peculiar prolonged sh-sh-sh bush people know so well, which sounds as if the forest inhabitants were softly oommnning one with another, and which deepens into a loud sorrowful wail on the approach of a storm. That night we all slept without rocking, and the next moming set oat prospecting. Day after day weot by without anything worth while turning up, and we began to despair, and, but for Aho's manly courage in spiring us, would have thrown the whole thing up in diBguBt, and etarted for fresh fu.X We certainly bad another inducement to persevere, and that was furnished by our next door neighbour, who dwelt about five miles off. This was an old man, named Herrick, who had lived, mateless and solitary,, at the head of the Moorabool for years. He bad lost bis wife many years before, bat her memory, from the casual mention he made of her, seemed very deax to hinw ^^^ He worked his shallow elaim entirely by himself, having rigged up a kind of apparatus iy whteh he hauled his basket to the surf see, emptied it, and then lowered it again. There he lived, year in and year out, his only companions, like Robinson Crusoe, being his dog, his gun, and his Bible ; the latter not by any means the least used. He had been repeatedly warned that some day an aeoident would maim him, and he would die a horrible, lingering death. But his invariable reply wai that he trusted in God to save him from ' a death Uke that.' (It was not till long after we left the Moora bool that we heard old Merrick was killed by a railway aeoident, on a trip to Ballarat. The irony of Fatal To live for years safely amid&t; danger, only to receive deadly injury from a railway train a few hoars after quit ting bis bush borne. One night, when the calumet had gone round, a consultation was held outside the tent, on the thiok, soft sward, at which old Merriok was present, and, yielding to his persuasion and advice, the next day we sunk a hole eome distanoe from the old one on a fresh lead. At this we worked patiently through the hard ground till we bottomed at about fifteen feet. Donald and I had been told off to the paddling tub and crail?, and it wag the result of oar labours that caused the general jubiiee'reoorded above. CHAPTER H. The tide of fortune had now turned dead in our favour. Hole after hole was bottomed with the same cheering result, and our chamois leather bag began to get bulky. We had determined to keep the gold cached in the tent, and not take it into any of the townships to sell, for we well knew that the news of our rich strike would soon spread, and we didn't know how far the run of gold might go, aad at present we didn't wish for company. Merriok we were well aware could be trusted implioitly ; indeed, at Ahc's suggestion, we had offered the old man a fifth share in our olaim, as we felt that to him we owed oar good look. Bat he refused. ' He was making quite enough,' he said, ' to keep him, as his J wants were small.' ' No, thank you, boys,' said the old man on being pressed ; ' nn are young, and will wapt it. I oan have sot a very short while longer to live, and have neither kith nor kin to leave it to. Keep it all, my lads, keep it all. And may God bless your possession of it.' And thug matters went on till about five days before Christmas week. We were to have a grand division on Christmas Eve. The day being very oloBe, we had knocked off work, and I had taken the chance to walk across to the Creek topoBt my mates' letters, and to oall at the school-house. Olive had just dismissed her little scholars, and pas watting for me on the threshold, with a gladt-welooming light in her bonnie brown eyes. As we strolled aoroBs the paddocks, I told ber of the proposed division, and of the probable amount of my share, and asked her qnietly and earnestly to be my wife on New Year's Day. She hesitated for a moment; then ehe turned her shy, sweet faoe to me, and the answer I read there was quite sufficient. When I walked home that bright, moonlit night, I had left a little coral-set iing behind me, and carried back a bunch of fragrant flowers for each of my mates, and a special posie far myself. After tea, I told the boya of my happiness, and asked them if they had any dbjeotion to having the division that night, as I was anxiouB to get to town to make some pur chases for my new home. They unanimously consented. The scales ' were brought out, and, amid much merri ment, each one's share was carefully and methodically weighed out by Donald, handed over, and politely acknowledged with cere monious gravity. After the pile had been divided; there still remained a trifling quantity in the bag, and, in an unlucky moment, Dave laughingly suggested that we play a game of poker for it. None of us were very great gamblers, and the cards had not been brought out for some time. We had been too busy during the day and too tired at night to care to play. I was rathe ?? surprised, too, when Ahc said he knew the game. So many matches were counted out, and at it we went. Dave and I soon lost oar supply, and, dropping out of the game, sat watching Donald and -Aho, who were playing with varying luck. On and on they flayed for a long time, first one getting down almost to his last counter, then the other, till at last both men began to get somewhat excited. The colour rose in Donald's faee, and his eyes sparkled, and even through Abe's sallow skin a tinge of duBky red appeared. A feeling of uneasiness came over me as I watohed both men grow more and more eager, and desperate gambling tales and wild eoenes on the goldfields rushed to my reoolleotion. I hinted that it was time for bed, but the players were too absorbed with their game to lhten to me. I was sitting next to Donald, and as he took up his hand after a fresh d aal of Aho's, I felt him give a slight start, an Jl then become quite stilL Looking over his cards, I saw he had a full hand— three jacks and two sevens. I breathed a sigh of relief, for I said to myself the game was well over. At it they went, Donald continually raising Aho, and the latter paying up till all the ^counters were gone. Then oame a pause, when, to my intense surprise and dread, Donald suddenly drew out the bag containing his share of the gold, and grasping a quantity of it, placed it on the table, exclaiming: 'Will, weigh that. I raise Aho that much.' I tamed to Aho with a forced smile, and to Dave, who was sitting next to bim, and waB still more horrified to find the former nervously clutching his own bag, and to hear Dave, who was holding his cards, exclaim excitedly, 'Yes, Will, weigh it. We raise him as much more.' For an instant 1 hardly knew what to do. Recovering myself a little, however, I made one last appeal to Donald and Aho, imploring them to reflect what they were doing, and, for the first time 'since we had been mateB, re ceived an angry reply. II Will you do as you're asked, or shall I have to do it myself?' oame from Donald in a tone that showed the excitement he was labouring nnder, and evidenced only too plainly the hold the gambling demon had on him. ' Quick, quick,' repeatedly cried Abe and Dave both, and recognising the futility of arguing with men in their eondition, I mechanically weighed out the precious metal we had worked so hard for ; each grain of which now felt to my touch as a bar of iron. Again and again, did I have to repeat the weighing operation for the players, till at last even the onoe weighty bags were emptied, and Aho and Dave — the latter showing as much excitement as if the gold at Biake were his own — demanded ' a Bight.' At this Donald gave a low laugh of triumph, and, easting down his cards, com menced to draw towards him the dish con taining thegoli; only to be ?topped by out of Abo's strong hands, who, with the^other, directed oar attention to his eud*, wnioh now lay faee upwards on-he table. There tbey] were— -m?, two, three, ]four deuce*. All the colour fled from Donald's f tee as be looked at them, leaving mm as wulte as a ghost, the pallor extending even to his lips. ; For a moment he- sat as it turned to stone, then with a wild cry he jumped aoross the table/struck Aho a violent blow on the faoe, unatchedtup a knife, and in another moment would have sheathed it in bis mate's heart, bat for Dave's arresting hand. Then his arm suddenly seemed paralysed. For an instant 'he held the knife in mid air. mtahanioally let it fall on the floor, ^nd without another sign, or a single w»d,. walked oat of the tent, bareheaded and ooat less, into the dark forest. The whole affair only, occupied a few moments, and when Dave and I recovered ourselves sufficiently, we rushed out after him, leaving^Aho, now the rsaotion had eat in, miserable and despondent, sitting at the card- strewn table, with his faee buried ia his hands. The night, which had been a very close and murky one, had grown dark with heavy clouds, which completely obsoared the moon, and the storm that had bwen brewing all day gave signs of its near approach by vivid flashes of lightning, that lit up the sombre bush with a lurid glare, and by the low growl ing of tne thunder. The eohoes sounding weirdly among the ravines of old Gin-Gin and his hilly brethren. No trade of Donald could we find, and as the rain had begun to descend in large drops, and heaven's artillery open out with great force, we reluctantly and with sorrowful hearts gave^up the quest aud returned to the tent. When we tamed into oar banks we'J left Aho still sitting motionless at the table. All that night the storm raged fiercely, and the rain eame down in perfect sheets, pene trating even oar weil-thatohed roof. And all that night I lay awake, thinking of p}or Donald, lying unprotected, mayhap, from the tempest, under some tree, and accused my anxiety for my own happiness as being the primary cause of the quarrel. When the morning broke the rain waB still pouring down, and as we looked through the grey mist towards the river, we eouid see that its channel was filled by an angry, roaring fiood^that.even then waB,almOBt bank high. As we stood at the threuhold, ^Donald suddenly oame towards us. Haggard, dripping wet, and barefooted, he had evidently passed^the night in the storm. He said nothing as he passed us, but w&ikeci; qnietly in and orouched down dose to the are. For a moment Aho 'stood undecided, and then, braoing himself up, he walked tj Donald's side, and, placing his band on his shoulder, said, ' Here, Donald ; take your gold. I do keep it. Take it, old mate ; we turret ourselves last night. Sbake hands.' The other man. suddenly etarted to his feet, and, gazing wildly into the ofiarer'a faoe, exclaimed, ' Curse you ! What do you mean ? Am I such u cor that I am to bo pitied and offered charity by yon ; a ouraed Chinaman, too. Keep the gold. You and I are mates no longer,' and he eank.baok into bis crouohing position. Aha made no reply to the insult, bai took ap bis old position at the door, watching tho rapidly rising river, .which wa* now far over its banks. Suddenly he made a sharp ezolamatios, * and on our turning to him for an explauation, he pointed to our shaft, which ;we had entirely forgotten. ' We must bring up the windlass and tools, and the washdirt stacked thore. before the flood reaches it,' said Dave, and off we started, Donald among the cumber, the prospect of hard, dangerous work, having apparently stirred him into life. Quiok as we were, however, the water reached us before we got all the thinga away ; and in a second or two the hole Was filled, and our tubs and cradles commenoed to float down stream. One of the tubs went sailing paBt Donald, who was standing gaziug moodily at the roaring H volume of water .rushing fiercely down, and he leaned slightly over as if endeavouring to reach it. I cried out to him that the ground he wrs standing on h'.i been -undermined by tLe water and was unsaf e,but even before the sound oi my voice could reach bim, a great strip of the bank slid bodily into the river, carrying Donald with it. With a load yell I directed the others' at tention to the aeoident, and we all three rushed down the river bank. Onoe or twice we caught a sight of the drowning man's agonised despairing faoe, as he was borne along by the wild torrent, and we still kept running, with tome faint hope of a rescue, till we reached the large catting. Here there was a slight maelstrom, and as poor Donald floated by, he was caught by the edge of the pool, and a temporary stoppage ooeurred. In an instant, and before we could make a movement to stay him, Abo, who had rapidly divested himself of most of Lie clothes, jumped into the stream', with a few powerful strokes caught Donald by the hair, and struck out for the projecting point we were standing on. Nearer and nearer he came, painfully toil ing with his burden, till, almost within our reach, he stopped as if to take breath — and that unlucky moment lost us our two mates. Just as he struck oat again, a huge' limb of a tree oame rapidly floating down. I shouted frantically to warn &ho; of the danger, but tio either did not hear me ur could make no effort to save himself. One agonised moment, that seemed a year, and Aho and the man he had given bis own life to try to save were gone ! Next day, the storm having abated, we went over to Dolly's Creek, and, accompanied by eome of the kind-hearted folk there searched far down the river f orjthe bodies of onr two mateB. These we fooed, clasped tightly togetb9r in a fork of a tree that overiiung the rivei* and whioh had been strong enough to resist the flood waters, We carried them back, and buried them still claBped in eaoh other's arms, on the side of old Gin-Gin, at the foot of a UU.towerinir stately red-gum tree, and Dave, Olive and I were the only mourners. The last time my wife Olive and I visited the ola place, now some years ago, the srava was Boareely recognisable from the accumu lation of withered leaves and springing wild plants. «? e b »uu Dave and I had had aematl stone placed at the grave's head, and the insoripuoTw's almost obliterated. F ™B Not that we needed anything to remind us o^our old matea-either *«!„* oTohJ. I don't pretend to offer any opinion as to the future chances of the two £ The Seat 'Clearing-apDay.' I only know that Da™ and I felt, and still feel, that U in the' Orel? Gettin'-npMorninV'weand ours pan out „ well as .old Ahc— Pagan though he was— £1 shall all find ourselves in good comfortabla quarters. **»uj» ♦ ? Bad as he is, the Devil mav be aV«,o^ be falsely charged and cauSly atS tT ™*ig'™»« *? J» blamed £C; shift oft' thsir icnnwa ?-& tumg^tkk^eM 