TOWN TALE. We learn by cable that there has not been, so far, any further fighting in Afghanistan. The troops who are to relieve Candahar are, however, rapidly converging towards that point, md wc may expect to hear shortly of a decisive conflict between the British and tho forces of Ayoub Khan. Mr J. H. Connor addressed the electors of the Colac division of the South- Western Province on Monday at Birregurrn, Ondit._ and Colac, and was well received at eacli place. On Monday laafc, at the monthly meeting of the Wyndham Shire Conncil, Cr. Chirn side charged tho reporter of tho Bacchus Marah 2?x;)ress>itli having written a garbled report of the proceedings of the previous meeting. " You reported." said Mr Cbirn side, "thatI objected to Mr Cowderoy's letter being read, whereas it was I who* moved that the letter bo received and road by the secretary." Tho Express reporter replied that ho was not in fault, as the Express report was extracted from the Geelong Advertiser. "It matters not," he exclaimed 11 where it was extracted from ; it was utterly false." On the Secretary referring to the minutes tho report in tho Geelong Advertiser was found to bo correct, the records of the meet ing showing that the motion in question was moved by Cr. Connop, and not by the gen tleman who took exception to it. Some of the regulations in the Lands De partment need modifying, judging from an instance which has come under our - notice. A selector in this district, who is unable to visit Geelong to attend tho local land board,' instructed a well-known honse and land agent to appear for hira. It seems that the sanction of tho Minister of Lands has to be obtained, and that was applied for a week since. An answer was received yester. day to tho effect that the agent, being a land agent, could not be allowed to appear for the applicant. The reply was received so late iu the day that there was no time left for the agent to communicate with the selector# and thus some incouvenience will be caused. Mr Connor, yesterday, personally waited on a largo number of electors at the Little River, and was .' well received by them. He subsequently addressed a meet ing at the Shire Hall, Lara, Cr. Spaldingin the chair, and he had an unanimous vote passed in him. To-day he will visit Drys dale, Portarlington, and Queenscliff, where he should receive an equally good recep tion. On Saturday afternoon last an opeu air meeting of ratepayers of the Sonth Riding of tho Shire of Wyndham was held at Little River, for the purpose of forming a deputa tion to attend the next meeting ofthe Wynd ham Shiro Council, and protest against the proposition of the members for tho North Riding in appropriating £250 from the funds of the South towards the erection of abridge in the North Riding. Mr G. Ball presided over the gathering, spirited addresses con demnatory of the proceeding being delivered by Messrs Russell, P. Roes, M'Naughtoi), and Parry. On the Monday following a large deputation waited upon the Wyndham Shire Conncil, and, in support of their pro test, contended that all bridges in the South Riding were erected with the funds of the South alone, aud that, owing to- the South RidiDg never receiving-justice at the hands of tho Council all their roads were in a deplorable stato of disrepair, and needed all tho moneys expended on them that could possibly to claimed in proportion to tho South's contribution to the revenue. A long and fierce discussion, lastiog over two hours: and a half, ensued, in which Messrs Russell, Preston, Rees, Ryan, and Cowderoy took part on behalf of the South Riding, and re ceived, it must he remarked, ablo assistance from their esteemed representative, Cr. Devine. "Ultimately tho President promised tho deputation that the protest would receive every consideration from the Council, consis tent with tho general welfare of the Shire. : Some evil disposed persona were at work on Monday night iu wilfully destroying the street lamps. The gas jet lamp opposite Christ .Church, in. Moorabool- atreot, was smashed to pieces, as was also the gas lamp in Maude-strest, at the corner of Yarra-street. Both the lamps were ones that have to be kept alight all night. Farther down Yarra-street and at tho corner of Munday-street a kerosene lamp was broken to atoms. These acts of vandalism require severe punishment, and it is to be hoped that the police will make an extra effort to detect tlio offender's. The contractor for lighting the lamps is th° sufferer by the destruction of the property referred to, and a serious loss has thus been inflicted. In Ashby, too, the street lamp3 appear to bo objects for larrikins to throw stones at. At the meeting of creditors in the insol vent estate of Lionel Orroerod, of Market square, Gcclong, announced to beheld before the Chief Clerk yesterday, there were no creditors preseut. The estate therefore lapsed for administration into tho hands of tho officii) assignee. Messrs Wm. Walker and P. Iveon have purchased the tobacconist business off Mr Feldbeim, in Moorabool-stTeet. Both arc well-known to the public, Mr Walker being a councillor of the Bellarine shire and former proprietor of tho present shop. Mr Keon was for many years assistant to Mr Walker, and, latterly, acted in tho same capacity for Mr TTeldheim, who intends entering the jewellery trade in Melbourne, A praiseworthy act was witnessed at the Wyndham Shire Council, at the last meeting of that body. While the vote for tho ex penses of councillors when upon deputations was under consideration, Cr. Leake declined to receive any remuneration cb expenses in this matter. He stated that when on the deputation in* Melbourne he had also trans acted private commercial business of his own, and his conscience, under those circum stances, would not permit of his taking anything iii tlie shape of expenses from the Council. Measles have been conveyed into the Maryborough district from Melbourne by persons who have been visiting the city. Tho stationmastcr's family at Moolort are .suffering from the epidemic, and another case is reported at Bet-bet. The head teacher of Ncw.town night State school informs us that ho has finally decided on closing that establishment. During the past month Mr Abercrombie was forced to keep the school partially closed, owing to ill health, and the prospect pf tlie summer months tho dimiuisheil attendance, to gether with the arduous task of night work, have led Mr Abercrouabie to this decision. Tlie school has now been opened four years, under his management, and has passed through many troublous times, all of which, owing to the co-operation of the parents in the locality with M r Abcrcrombie, have been successfully overcome. One (lay last week Mr P..M'DonaId, of Wyndham, whilst travelling between that place and Little River, came across a fox in the act of making a dainty meal on the re mains of an unfortunate young lamb. Mr M'Douald's dogs immediately attacked the bloodthirsty animal, when a desperate struggle followed. By degrees, becoming 1 overpowered, Reynur.l,as a last refuge,rushed into a large dam iu the vicinity, quickly fol lowed, however, by his antagonists, where, after about half-an-hour's disputation,the fox received his quietus. There was no business at'the X'olice Court yesterday morning. Messrs Brady and Treacey, J.'sP., attended. A man named Roger Parsons, 70 years of age, was arrested last evening by Constable White and lodged in the lock-up oa a charge of vagrancy. The old man told a pitiable tale to the constable, stating that ho was too weak to work, and that he had been starving for a couple of days. The Mechanics' Literary and Parliamen tary clnb met last evening. The earlier por tion of tho evening was taken up in the alteration of the rules. The following course was ultimately decided upon. Three conse cutive Parliamentary nights aro to be held; the fourth to be taken up on discussions af fecting literary questions, and the magazine to be read on the thirteenth meeting in each quarter, and all questions submitted to be discussed on consccutive nights until finally disposed of. " Private mem bers" business was then commenced, when the lion, member for Carlton (Mr R. Abercrombie) resumed the discussion. Ho submitted that the natives were thoroughly justified in forming unions ; that they were equally affected with all political questions ; that they were likely to prove a power in future, and that the clause in their consti tution refusing to admit any under ten years of age was justifiable, inasmuch as it precluded the ruling of the "imported article," and left them free to shape any coarse which they, as natives, may think de sirable. He particularly referred to the "squire dom" with which immigrants are tainted. There was a very large attendance of mem bers, and, on the motion of the hon. member for the Wimmera (Mr Carter), the debate stands adjourned until next Tuesday night, when it is hoped the question will lie decided, and a division taken on the motion. One new member was introducd, and took his seat. Mr H. Speed (tho Speaker) occupied the chair. We understand that an effort is about to be made to establish a sailing club in Gee-, long. Tho project is in the hands of Mr C. Biunt, who lias now four first-class boats, which would afford accommodation for 50 or 60personsdesirouB of enjoying thepleasures of a sail. The number of boats would, of course, be increased as occasion required ; and it is thought tnat tho establishment of such a club as is suggested would lead ere long to the formation of a more pretentious yacht club. That the town, with its natural ad vantages for indulging in such'a pastime, and whose inhabitants take so great an in terest in boatiug affairs, should have re mained for so long without an organisa tion of this kind is a mystery. Mr Blunt, the projector of the Sailing Club, is one whoso energy has done mnck to for ward boating interests, and his success as a builder has been frequently attested, one of his latest works being the turning out of a centreboard canoe for Mr Arthur Speed. The scheme he now desires to per fect is ono worthy the support of all who take an interest in aquatics, to whose favorable notice we commend it. A meeting will bo held at the Victoria Hotel on Friday night, to launch the scheme. During tho discussion anent the proposed bridge over the Werribee river in the North ridiug, at the Shire Council ol Wyndham last Monday, Mr W. J. Cowderoy made the astounding assertion that while travelling from Snnbury to Wyndham, a distance of 20 miles, he was obliged to open no fewer than 17 gates, each closing a road that legally should be open for tho public. "Travelling on one occasion with a mob of horses," said Mr Couderoy, "I was obliged to employ an extra hand, for no other purpose than to open these gates." The crops in tho Wyndham district and on tho plains towards Skeleton Creek are progressing in a most satisfactory manner. The yield of hay will be considerably larger than that of the past season, as in addition to tho present favorable promises more land is this year nndcr cultivation. In our report of the proceedings at the special meeting of tho South Barwon Shire Council, wo erroneously stated' that the Council agreed not to oppose Mr Noble's ap plication for tlie sale ol some land at Bel mont Hill, as an entrance to his property. The action referred to was taken with refer ence to an application made by Mr Sommers for 3 acres of land adjoining [a property oa Belmont Hill recently purchased by him, to be put up for sale. The Council instructed the President and Secretary to attend and oppose this application, but decided to offer no opposition to the sale of sufficient land to allow bim an entrance to his pro perty. We (Courier) are informed that it ia pro bablo that the new ratepayers* roll made up on 12th August, for 1880, will be used for the coming election for the Legislative Council. A letter from Kormanton to Brisbane des cribes the wreck of the ketch Bosebud on Bountiful Island, in the Straits. The crew cBcaped and found the skeletons of fifteen white men in the sand. There were signs of an ineffectual search after water. It is sup posed that some shipwrecked crew had perished. Deuis White and John Wileon wore tried at the Gundagai quarter sessions, and found ouilty of tho manslaughter of Edward Nes tor, who was carelessly shot at Tempra on the7th August. They wero recommended to mercy, and sentenced to sis months' im prisonment. The Mining department has prepared for the Exhibition 42 models of nuggets found in this colony, varying in size from the Wel come nugget down to Bome weighing only a few ounces. The Welcome nugget is the largest but one ever found in the- colony. It weighed 2195oz., aud its approximate value was £8780. The largest nugget this colony has produced Was' the_ YYelcome Stranger, bnt there is no authentic model of it extant. A moderately well attended meeting, to consider the merits of protection and free trade, was held in the Adelaide Town Hall. Exchange-room on Monday evening, in con nection with the South Australian Associa tion for the Encouragement of the Producing and Industrial Interests. The meeting decided unanimously in favor of protection, although one or two speakers were heard on the other side." Mr John Darling, M.L.A., presided. By the exertions of Mr C. Stewart, in spector of mines, the Ballarat district and its mining resources will make a very worthy. show at the coming Melbourne International Exhibition. On Monday Mr Stewart for warded the last consignment of twelve cases of exhibits, which included models and spe cimens of various descriptions. ' Tho Egerton aud Washington companies' exhibits were also forwarded, in the custody of the respec tive managers. The monuments erected in Ballarat to the memory of tho ill-fated members of the Burke and Wills expedition and to the founder of tho Eight Hours' Association (Mr Galloway) are to be razed. The fiat (says the Star) has gone forth. The City Council considers each of the erections to be an eye sore, and has taken the initiatory steps to wards converting tho two " wTetched tomb stones " - to quote the remarks of one councillor-into something more shapely. It is intended to utilise the base of each as a foundation for the erection of a super structure to carry argand gas lamps. The United Service Gazette says it is .in formed that Mr Shaw Ltifevra'a statement, that the proposed abolition of flogging in tho navy had received the unanimous sanction of Lord Northbrook and the other members of tbo Board of Admiralty, is not; strictly correct. The Broad Arrow, however, be lieves there is a tacit understanding that the lash shall not again bo used in the navy. But the Bill accessary to attain the end cannot bo introduced uutil next session ; and, in the meanwhile, auy seamen convicted of an of fence for which flogging has heretofore been the puuishmeut will be sentenced to soma other form of castigation. AHeathcote telegram states that "some excitement was caused in the township on Saturday on a report gaining currency that the M'Ivor Boring Company, carrying on operations here, had struck good gold at depths of 75ft. and 90ft. The company, which has been boring here for some months for a deep lead on the flat adjacent to the township, on Saturday marked off a lease of 160 acres. This, together with the report as to the gold (about 5dwt. to the dish) being struck, caused a rush of townspeople and others, who took np a number of leases. The ground before night was marked off to the extent of three or four miles. Although it is generally believed that a deep lead runs through the flat, and that good gold has been struck, the truth is only known to the company itself, who will divulge nothing as to the prospects." Some time ago Mr Hannaford, of Auck land, advertised for a wife for a gentleman residing on one of the islands of the Pacific. A large number of applicants forwarded their photos., letters, &c.;, for the coveted boon of wifehood. An advertisement appears in tho . Jsrcm Zealand Herald, intimating that the gentleman in question has made his .selec tion, and that the young lady ia now on her way to her future home ; and Mr Hannaford requests the other applicants to call for their photos, and letters. He has informed the Herald that there are several other unmar ried men on the same island in want of wives, but all are holding back nntil they see the selection already made for the mana ger of the Btation. A telegram from Talbot, dated Monday, says :-"Diphtheria is becoming alarmingly prevalent hero. A young woman named Hill, of Kangaroo-flat, died a few days ago from the disease, and shortly after her mother,"husband, and brother, with whom she had been residing, were taken with the malady. They are now progressing satisfac torily. On Friday, a youth named Albert Proud was discovered to be suffering from the complaint, and was removed to the con tagious disease ward at the Amherst Dis trict Hospital. Yesterday a child, aged five years, named Tyack, was also admitted to the ward, suffering from the disease. In each case every precaution has been taken against contagion. Measles are also prevalent, seve-. ral children in one family all suffering from the complaint." Five Echuoa youths have just safely emer ged from a scrape which bordered so closely on criminality that most people will fail to find the difference. Some few weeks ago a 281b cask of confectionery was misBed from the wharf goodshed, and the loss was re ported to the Department. The special detective for tho Department was sent up to make enquiries, when it transpired that the culprits were five youngsters, SODB of res pectable townsmen. These lads (says the Jlivcrine Herald) had got under the floor of the wharfahed, and by removing a plank had found their way into the storeroom and removed tho case of lollies, which consisted of 112 quarter-pound packets. According to the statement of one of the boys, who how ever said he knew nothing of the robbery, he was told to "keep the find dark," and that after the sweets were appropriated, the. quintetto " went down to tho Park and played ' Yankee grab' for the lollies." It has been decided not to prosecute the children, : the parents agreeing to pay all expenses. Sir Samuel Wilson has received informa tion from Dr. King, of Colac, that a most accomplished and enthusiastic fly-fisher one who, Dr. King states, " could not' bo mistaken about a salmon "-writes that in a certain stream, while a brother angler was playing a brown trout of 51b weight " to wards the deep water in the bottom of the pool, my eye was suddenly attracted to a Hah throwing itself over a weed-bed from under tho opposite bank into the middle of the stream. This fish I immediately named a salmon to Mr B , who was still en gaged playing his trout. I saw the fiBh most distinctly; color silver, dark back, tail deeply forked, weight, I should say, 81b. I marked his whereabouts, but as I looked upon him as a running fish,. I did not angle for him. I feel certain that salmon visit that water, and mean to try for ' one,' next year if I am spared. As to tho Watts, it is full of trout. ... I will back, tho river above referred to against Australia for trout, &c.;, if wo can but coax them to riBe. The fish there are grand fellows, and tho pools very deep and open, with sand and gravel bottoms- just the Bpofc for a 10 pounder. I have some good gat flics, salmon and trout hooks, and rods ready." The S. A. Register writes A meeting of the delegates of the different clubs of the South Australian Football Association was held at the Princo Alfred Hotel on Thurs day evening, August 26th, to consider the action of the South Adelaide Football Club in not allowing thoir members to play in tho late intercolonial football matches. Mr T. A. Caterer occupied tho chair. Mr Diamond, after a few preliminary remarks, made tho following proposition :-' That in the opi nion of this meeting tho South Adelaide Club has deliberately broken Rule 2, and has shown by a hostile attitudo in the Associa tion during tho late visit of tho Victorian team its unfitness to hold the position of an associated club, and ia therefore expelled from tho Association." Tho proposition was seconded by Mr Crcawell, Au amend* ment was proposed Mr Smith tothe following 0gect « That a voto of censure be passed on the South Adelaide Club, as it was their first offence.' After the pros and cofts of tbo matter bad been fairly discussed, the motion was put to the meeting and carried "by a large majority. The Smith Adelaide i? therefore no longer an associated cluh. and all matches yet on the programme in which they are engaged will be can celed. When at Daylesford last week (says the Argus) the Minister of Railway was waited upon by a number of the residents, who directed his attention to the annoy ance caused to passengers by their being prevented from taking parcels containing anything but wearing apparel with them in the carriages. If. was pointed out that a passenger from Daylesford to Bullarto had surrendered an axe handle to the guard sooner than pay for its carriage, and that another passenger had been compelled to place a packet containing a dead fowl in the goods van, and pay 9d for its conveyance. Mr Patterson at once gave instructions to the local stationmaster that the regulation should not be so rigidly enforced. It was intended origiually to deter passengers from taking with them into the carriages any article which might annoy or interfere with the comfort of other passengers. Frequent in stances have occurred, however, where passengers have been made to hand over a child's toy, a flowering plant, and other small articles to the guard, and to pay for their carriage. This is a vexatious annoy ance, and were station-masters generally advised to exercise more discretion in the application of the regulation, the traveling public would be benefited. Among the most important of the altera tions the Commissioner of Customs has made, and which will come into operation to-day, are the following :-Colliers will be allowed to work free at all hours, the over time hitherto paid to Customs officers being discontinued. The working hours for ves sels will be extended from half-past seven a.tn. to five p.m. (Saturdays one ptn.), the hours hitherto being nine a.m. to four p, in. during winter, and eight a.m. to four p.m. in summer. Masters of all vessels will be able to get their clearances at the time of clearing at the Custom House. The hours of the bonded warehouses will be extended to five p.m. (Saturdaysone p.m.), the for mer hours being nine a.m. to four p.m., and nine to twelve ou Saturdays. The time for passing entries at the Custom House will be extended from nine a.m. to half-past three p.m. (Saturdays noon). Railway goods clerks have been appointed Custom officers, by which arrangement the Railway depart ment saves £700 per annum, which has hitherto been paid to the Customs officers for overtime. Shipping clerks are to have the same privilege of boarding vessels before clearance as the press reporters. Colliers canying no other cargo than coals may cum mence discharging before entering at the Custom House, provided they have been cleared by boarding officers, and the master must report at once at the Custom House on its opening. A ghost story comes from Nagambie, and is told by the local paper as follows :-*' Per sons visiting the railway station, and those who have hsd occasiou to visit that locality at night, have been greatly friuhUm«.d by seeing a * ghost.' A few evenings ago it appeared near the end of the railway plat form, and was that of a figure 7 or S feet in height, arrayed in pure white. The form was* that of a female with, as far as could be discerned, a deathlike face. It was noiseless in its movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity. Oue of the porters, who has n con siderable amount of courage, proceeded in the direction of the apparition, and when wit hin easy range fired at it, bub to his astonish nient, after the smoke had cleared away he found the apparition was close to him. He i was perfectly ^terrified, and, dropping his I gun, made for his friends at lightning speed. I One night la*t week, as the half-past nine 1 o'clock cab, filled with ladies and geutluuen, - was travelling along the railway road towards j the town, a short distance from the station, : the spectrum again appeared on the hill side i about 50 yards from the cab, and, as the con veyance proceeded, so did the figure. This frightened the passengers, and ^specially ' the driver, so that be drove his hordes at ; a furious pace, soon losing sight of the j apparition. It is currently reported that | the etationmaster has applied to be re moved.! AVehave received the schedule of prizes to be awarded at the Spring Exhibition of the Geelong and Wcetera District Agricul tural and Horticultural Society, to take place on the 21st and 22nd October next. The schedule has been prepared on the usual liberal baeis. Particulars regarding the entire horses Yonng Emperor, Heart of Oak, and FJyiug Childers will be found in our advertising columns. A meeting of the members of the Political Reform Association will be held in the class room oi the Mechanics1 Institute this evening. 