My First Squall. By a Land Lubber. Cily men never tire of asserting that there is no. inoro wholesale break m the continuity of compulsory brainwork than a ' blow ' on the waters of Port Jackson. But tho difficulty is to get the ' blow ' without irritating concomi tants. To be sure, there is no lack of water-locomotion to be complained of, especially on that much-appreciated half holiday, Saturday afternoon, when boats are laid on for almost even' picturesque spot in the harbour. But if the day ? is fine— that is to say, if the infinite variety of bluff andi bay, of sunshine-glitter and cloud-shade, is bewitching there is a strong probability that the steamers will be crowded : by family parties afflicted with a terrible proportion^ babies . in the bun and barley-sugar stage; while, to make the con fusion worse confounded, bands of music, ranging from the dozen performers on battered brass instruments) to the, questionable Italian with an insolvent harp, will split the air with discords. Thus the fare represents but the least part of the price to be paid for the 'blow,' and. many a man looks with unsatisfied longing upon the inviting waters . whose closer acquaintance he cannot ruake-exceptupon terms ??. which his nerves will not accept. This I know to be a not uncommon predicament. On Saturday morning last, how ever, the owner of a Sydney yacht was good enough to ask me ? to join his party in a cruise on the afternoon of that day. I kad intended to put in an appearance at the Garden Palaco, where \ Handel's 'Messiah' was the powerful attraction. Fora mo ment I hesitated between the two temptations. Memory was busy with my senses : snatches of the great Teuton's inusie uttered themselves to my mental ear ; and then glimpseB of unsurpassed Australian scenery disclosed themselves to my mental eye. But the hesitation lasted only for a moment. I had read those deliriously worded poems in prose (publishes in the Mail a few weeks ago), wherein James Smith, o£ Melbourne, describes his impressions of Port Jackson. Such sentences as this cannot easily be forgotten:— «' The undulating contour of the hills, and the graceful curve of. : theshores ; the sea , of foliage, brightened in places b y the ? spring leaves which have lingered upon the young wood ; iaav. onbub jiiuLi'.uj. uiiu buai Biiauuwtk oj me ciouus, mat nil; acroES the landscape ; the picturesque greys and browns of the weatljer-stained boulders which crop out of the herbage, richly tapestried, as this is, with wild flowers ; the calm sur- - face of the water, which ranges in colour from a pale green to a Tynan purple ; and the changing aspect of cove and promontory, as the sun varies his position, or shines out with summer splendour, or veils his lustrous face in vapour, combine to make you feel that there is a nearness and a . dearness in nature — a power to soothe, to elevate, to purify,. and to delight, to which we are, as a general rule, strangely and calamitously indifferent in this age of great cities.'1 I chose the yacht, and turned my back upon Handel, Shades of Launcelot and Galahad, forgive me ! A trip in a yacht is an almost irresistible temptation to a man who loves the bosom of sparkling waters. Beyond prosaic hours spent in watermen's skiffs and in those abominations of civilisation, steam launches, my only briny experience in New South Wales was a trip to Windsor, via Broken Bay and the Hawkesbury, in an open centreboard boat. The salt-water portion of that voyage will linger pleasantly in my memory for years. With a gloomy sky above, a choppy sea around, and a treacherous southerly behind, the run from heads to heads had just that spice o*f of^ danger which imparted to it the keenest excitement. 'Vvnat a sense of power seems to animate a strong boat, having plenty of well- filled canvas and abundance of sea. room ! Like a living creature, rather than a thing which a mechanic has put together, she tugs and rushes at her work. And how strange is the sensation which creeps over a lands- - man when, taking the rudder for a moment, he becomes . conscious that the power at the command of his will is instantaneously multiplied ! Though quivering with povrer the boat absolutely obeys his thought. On 'the occasion referred to, we rounded that splendid sentinel-like head land, liarrenjuey, as the shades of night were deepening. There was yet a hard bit of work to be done. We had to thrash up against the southerly into Blind Core, tho sequestered extremity of which, hemmed in by an amphi theatre- like range, is 'familiar to Sydney yachtsmen as the Basin. The darkness was sensitive 'enough to have sheltered the most sensitive ghost ; just here and there the light of a fisherman's cottage twinkled ; now and then, as we approached the shore, the bold bluffs loomed faintly to view, like clouds of a darker hue and a more solid sub stance ; every minute the foamy crest of a traversed wave leaped from the boat's side, and smote us in the face like hau ; the only human voice was the sharp ' Lee-ho ! ' of the skipper at the rudder, when the tiny ship went round on the other tack; a solitary owl, uttering his melancholy note in the intervals of the storm, was the only other voice we were cognieant of ; the roaring of the wind in the forest-clad hills, mingled wildly with the noise of the water? ; and the bracing roughness of the Iiout was i completed by pelting rain, vivid flashes of lightning and : quick- coming and far-reverberating peals of thunder. Breaking off this digression and returning to Port Jack son, I will record my first experience of yachting. It was of a quite unexpected character, and though it was wonder fully interesting, I don't feel inclined to ask its frequent repetition from the gods. Saturday morning was intensely bright and hot, presaging a storm in the afternoon. That .?storm was one of unusual fierceness. One of the daily papers in the course of the week described it in the follow ing terms : — ' Saturday morning was very hot and sultrv and thunder clouds could be seen in the west early in the day ; by 2 p.m. those had taken the form of a large storm working up from S.AV., but of this the barometer gave no warning except a slight and very gradual fall, and ?the steady E.N.E. sea breeze seemed enough to keep .back the storm. At ten minutes to 4 p.m., however, the wind began to veer to K.E., and became unsteady, and the .barometer rose rapidly. At 10 minutes past 4 the wind changed. suddenly to W.N.W., aud iu live minutes as suddenly back to N.E., and then east for a few minutes ; at 4.40 thc^wind changed almost instantly to south through east, aud after live minutes as suddenly back through, east . and north to west, and for a moment to S.W., then back to K.W., and gradually then through S.W., S., S.E., and E. to N. bv C.5 .p.m. It was very unsteady then until 9.13 .p.m., when a .light southerly wind set i'n. The gusts of wind were very severe, but of such short duration that it is ? difficult to. measure the velocity in miles per hour; but f probably for a. few seconds it rose to CO miles per hour, and ? the changes giyen above show clearly that a small whirl wind or . revolving storm passed over Sydney harbour.' ?? Outside the heads the storm was felt in much the same ? way as inside. Xhe John Williams had a narrow escape. ' Captain Turpie states tliat during the first part of the . southerly a whirlwind of an exceedingly dangerous cha racter, and of large extent, formed about one-eighth of a 1 mile to windward of the ship, which, had it passed over her, , must have, lefther a wreck so far as spars and sails were ? concerned, although the lower topsails were instantly clewed up. ? Fortunately it dispersed before reaching the vessel.' We -vyere. nearly 'clewed up,' and thus Handel almost . had his revenge upon.-me. We encountered this storm about half-way between Shark Island and Bradley'sHead. The yachtsman— a salt who . had had far too many years' experience on the New South Wajes coast not to know' that there was mischief in the air— . advised us to run for our moorings in order to avoid the rain which was pouring down copiously at a few miles' distance. ' This 'hint covered his opinion that we had better : get out /of -the way of the treacherous gusts of wind . for'- which Port Jackson has some renown. The mainsail -was already double-reefed, and he proceeded to take in the foresail. This operation was just being completed when the storm suddenly, as if it had sprung from some near hiding-place on the shore, burst up~n us in its fury. Previously, light puffs had come from almost every point of . the compass, so that it was hard to know how to lay the ? vessel's Lead. When the first gust came it caught us broad . side on, with what result may easily be imagined. How yachts heel over . in their daring feats of racing must ' be familiar to all .who lake ' any interest in aquatic : sports ; but on this occasion tile boat excelled her j previous achievements. :She went over so rapidly, and ?.under to such a degree, that the water was within an inch or so of pouring into the cabin — which means that more than half the deck was covered. Unfortunately, she had little .or no way on at the moment she was 6truck, so that she was unable to answer on the instant to the helm, which was put hard down. She continued in this position for a time, \- which no doubt seemed longer than it actually was. The rtension on the sail and rigging was one of the things tiiat -Jjave ? to be seen to be believed. Every rope was strained .by the ? extraordinary velocity of the wind. Just as die yacht began to wear round, one of the reeling ropes broke with a report like that of a musket, and this eased her so much that in another moment . or two she had her head to the squall and righted herself \- with a splash that half -drenched everybody on board. I \- was so ignorant of the marvellous power of recovery with ? which modern yachts are endowed that I could not see how : it was possible to avoid an absolute capsize. A wiser man now, 1 advise .my friends not to bo afraid of trusting them selves to yachtsin Port Jackson. In apparently perilous fonts they excel acrobats, but it is difficult for the elements to get i tho'better handof them. Wehadtwo ladies in our party, uud when the boat heeled ovei the water just splashed against \- them. An impromptu duetcould hardly havesurprisedus,but in expecting theduet I did them an injustice ; they behaved admirably, and I confess to a profounder respect for Aus . tralian girls. As to the land-lubber, he showed himself . generally .incapable. Once, indeed, lie rose from what was truly a perch- on the gunwale, and pulled like a lunatic at a rope of no.partioular importance, but this was only a pitiful . attempt to assert his sex. fhave been told that the play of \- the storm was exceedingly grand as viewed from the balco nies of the Garden Palace. We, however, had lost our poetical appreciation of theelcments. The pelting rain, the . environment of heavy clouds which were lighted up every few seconds by darting- streams of fire, the discordant wind : and seething 'waters— these were not cosy surroundings. ' The Victorian writer already quoted says that a certain ? ''gracious amenity'' is one of the predominant character istics of Port Jackson, but it would have puzzled him to . discover the faintest glimmer of 'gracious amenity' on last Saturday afternoon. It seemed rather as if Nature were saying 'to us, ' I have got you in my grip, and will do ? with you what I like.'' That, however, was only the ? seeming ; the fact is that Nature is more and more in tne grip of man, and man is less and less in the grip of Nature. The storm soon spent itself, and allowed us to reach our moorings. Ashore again, we reflected that it was just as v well that the terra xta&fnna.; 