GHOSTS OF CHATELOUSSE. A STORY BY A CANADIAN TRAVELLER. Talking about ghosts (said Jack Scott), the toughest time I ever had with gentry of that sort was when I was travelling up in Canada. We were in the fur line, you know, and I happened to fall in with a gentleman by the name of Flint, who agreed to go across the . ountry with me. He was not at all the sort of fellow one would choose for a travelling companion, being extremely taciturn and grim ; but apart from sharing expenses, there was the necessity for some sort of Bympathy and affection in such a con foundedly bleak and forbidding country. Our sturdy team of Canadian horses took us further and further from civilisation; hos- telriea of any sort were few and far between ; but an honest sheep-dog would bavo been a jollier companion than Flint — his thih lips couldn't seetn to take the shape of a healthy - l&ugh.; W ithout divulging any -commercial secrets, I told Flint what I could of my errand into this wilderness, hoping to get some confidence in return. He did go so far as to hint that he also was connected with hunting and trap ing, but he was extremely close-mouthed and reticent as to particulars, and after little spurts of chat on my part, the conversation languished. The third morning of our journey we had a little controversy, Flint and I. about our route for the day. vVe wanted to get on to ChatelousBe, where I had letters of introduc tion, and where Flint hoped to find out the whereabouts of a Monsieur Bernard, in whom I was also interested, as Flint had told me he had been a dealer in skins. We were told there was a short cut across the country, but it would be safer perhaps to take the public road. Flint was rather in favour of the latter plan, being of a cautious and prudent tem perament ; but, although the words of our senior partner came into my head, they only seemed to push me the other way. ' Never take a by-path when you can get a high- way,' were the parting words of Mr. Frost; but I considered them some of his oracular old fogyisms. 'It's only twenty miles, Flint,1 1 said. 'Twenty of these Canadian miles,1 he added. ' With fresh horre3,' 1 went on. 'and our heat here has pointed us out the way.3 'Yes, yeB,1 said the innkeeper, 'straight ahead, gentlemen, till you see a big cross set up at the end of a three-cornered field. Turn to the right and yon1!! soon see a forest of fir trees ; that is the beginning of Chatelousse, and close at hand likes Adrian Bernard, here is a house a little this way. messieurs, that is all black and empty, and has about it the melancholy of the grave. It is — pardon, nie, messieurs — it is given over to the devil. They say it is haunted.1 ' Yes, yes,1 broke in Flint, craning his neck eagerly forward ; ' what is it about this house ?' 'It is that a crime -has been committed there, messieurs — that lights are seen, riueer noises are heard, groans and shrieks of terror. I have it for a fact that night after night the tragedy is repeated, over and over again.1 'Let us go on,' said' Flint, 'in the direc tion of this bouse.1 Six hours later we had reached a big bar of wood that had fallen, and was plunged fathoms deep in the snow. As for roads, thvire were none, neither to the right nor to the left. That imbecile of an innkeeper must have known that at this season of the year- orcuoarv landmarks were obliterated. We had long since been gliding overall unbroken surface of snow ; hut, dimly shadowed upon the hoiizon, I had seen the forest of firs, and I pushed the jaded beasts onward. It was uphill WOrk> 118 we were perceptibly going / . whe„ day is «piri£t the , Aands atilera and nnrelentmo mght ; the vast sheet of white, unbroken bf fence pr forest becomes in the ehifting and fading light like a pall drawn o»er a drad world. From early morn we had not parod a roof or seen a living creature. The bitter ness of cold was somewhat ameliorated hut this was another source of anxiety, lunferf at snow, and to think of this wa. to shudder ; a snowstorm woold be utter and wretaevab e ruin To add to my alarm"! could no looger distinguish tbe line of Br «iF6S« 'This must be snow- blindness,1 I said. Can you see those fir-trees, Flint »» 'No' he replied calmly; 'I "have not seen them for some time. They'll probably come m sight when we get to the top of this hill. But having reached the summit, and be ginning todesoend, I said , again ' Can von see them now, Flint? ' No, 1 he replied. I reined in the horses, and got upon mv feet. One unbroken, glittering desert of snow surrounded us. In the yellow light of ' the western sky it glistened like the folde of a snake; further on, under the stormy clouds that scudded along, it grew livid and steel-coloured, and looked more horrible to me than the wildest and blackest of seas. At that moment a flimsy particle, as soft as .down, touched my cheek. In an instant we were enveloped by the soft, white, ac cursed flakes. ' My God, Flint !' I cried, sinking back in the sled, ' we are lost ! \- 'I'm afraid so,1 said Flint. 'Great Heaven !' I exclaimed, 'our bones will lie bleaching here for months. Our families won t even know what has become of ns,1 ' I haven't any family,' said Flint. 4 Neither have I, for that matter,1 said I. ' But that doesn't make it any pleasanter, does it, to die here like dogs?' Of course not, 1 said Fiint. ' You'd better , take some brandy, Scott. It's unfortunate ; I'd like to hunt out that Bernard, but it can't be helped.1 He took a. pull ait the brandy flask and handed it over to me. fie was as cool as the climate, my friends. In the meanwhile the horses, feeling the reins falling loosely from my fainting hands, trotted rapidly on. Heaven help those egotists that hold the human intellect supreme ! The ponies chose the right direction. In less than ten minutes those blessed ponies took us vithin sight of the line of fir trees. I was transported by the felicitous view of some honest smoke wreathing up between the scraggy branches which sheltered a loogj low, strangling building, red-roofed, with diamond-shaped panes in the win dows, through « hich we could see the red lights of the household fire. The squawk of a fowl suggested its speedy conveyance to a neighbouring spit ; the grunting of pigs near by was more melodious to my ears than the music of the spheres yonder in the storm- tossed, blinding snow. We're .saved, Flint, my hoy!1 I cried. 'Thank God, we are saved ? 'This mnst be Bernard's,1 said Flint, look- ing' about him with his keen gray eyes; and over yonder I think I can see the out lines ofthehaunted house.1 Five minutes after we sat in a long, low- ceiled apartment that covered half the ground. The oaken rafters almost touched the head of a tall trapper who was lodging with Monsieur Bernard, fie had a long blonde beard and singularly melodious voice. There was quite a number of guests there- all of them trappers, so Monsieur Bernard said ; but this tall fellow they called Came ron had the shoulders of a'Hercules with the face of an Apollo. I suppose I was some thing dazed by the sudden relief and fescue, for it appeared to me. that the young woman who sat by tbe fire parine carrots, the very colour of her long- braids of hair, was as beau tiful as an angel. . Her eyes were soft and luminous, her forehead low. and white, and an indescribable air of tender melancholy shadowed her face. The chemisette she « ore was as white as the snow Upon which it was bleached ; her bodice was of home spun ; the knots in her knitted stockings must have been made by her own little hands ; the big buckles on her shoes could not hide the pretty arch of her instep Shfe sang under her breath a little couplet, of which the refrain was ' Jamais, jamais ? Hungry as I was, I could scarcely touch the fine -grilled fowl prepared for us, but my soul devoured the daughter of Monsieur Bernard. The tall trapper and his com panions were supplied in a neighbouring room ; we could hear their glasses rap upon the table or chink against each other; scraps of songs and disjointed sentences, reached our ears. Flint picked the chicken to the bone, in the meanwhile talking in a low tone to Monsienr Bernard, who basked in the heat that poured from the crackling sides of the sheet-iron stove, and. blinked at Flint like an ancient lizard. He was a little, dried -up man, wi th a close cap upon his head; a warm, furry jacket, high woollen stock ings, and wooden-sabots completed his cos tume. An hour or two went by ; the . trappers in the neighbouring' room had finished their meal, and apparently gone to bed. Flint and the little ; Frenchman pur sued their conversation. As for me, I "had drawn close to the - beautiful women, who was washing some quaint yellow mugs at the end of the long oak table. Her name was Marie. In this primitive region conven tionalities were set aside — an earnest passion glided along like snow-shoes., I got over a good deal of ground in a very short time. I began to believe that this jonmey. was marked out for me. I told Marie so, and lifted one of her long braids to my/lips. I was just thinking what a sensation that peculiar-coloured hair and her remarkable beauty would create in bur circles at home, when Fiint called our to me that he had re solved to go oyer and sleep in the haunted house. - Don't you want to go along, Scott,' he said, or are you afraid V The latter- part of his sentence had a i peculiar, spec ring; intonation. I said I was notafrajd,: but 'thought itayery absurd and infernally uncomfortable thing ,to leave 1 a warm fireside and go plunging over there in' the snow. and the freezing air for a freak of curiosity, Marie clapped her hands, and besought of us, for tbe sake of the Redeemer, not to go that in that room upstairs, upon that very pallet of straw, the murdered man had been found, and nobody had slept there since, or staid in the house. Except the ghosts of Chatelousse, 1 said 'her father, in. a dry wheezy voice. But Flint got his lantern ready. Of course I had to gOi If one man ventures upon a foolhardy freak, another must follow, or rest under the imputation of cowardice. Monsieur Bernard helped us on with our - overcoats. I looked into the sweet eyes of Marie; they were dilated with the expression of terror one sees in the eyes of a fawn. I took her cold hands in my own. Rest tranquil, my sweet child,1 1 said, for I was touched by her tenderness; ' I will re turn to you.1 We made our way through the; blinding snow, and found the house black and empty. The door cracked on its rusty hinges, the shutters banged, a melancholy wind howled through the corridor. shall have our. labour for our pains,1 I said. as l entered the room up- stairs. ' There is nothing remarkable in a few broken chairs and an old bundle of straw.1 fc'e must be patient, ' said Flint, throwing the buffalo robe upon the bed and blowing out the lantern ; we must wait for the hour of midnight.1 There was nothing for me to do but to creep in beside him. I took the inner side, and, worn out with countless emotions, must have fallen asleep before the hayseed touched my hair. I was awakened by a pecular mocking laugh, seemingly close to my ear ; but, upon regaining the activity of my senses, I found it distant and below. Again and again it seemed to come from tbe very bowels of the earth. I began to feel a chill run down my verte- rse. ' Flint, 1 1 whispered, reaching over for him, ' do you hear that V But my band wandered over an empty space at my side. Fiint was gone. I was alone in this accursed house. Stranve noises came to me. I fancied I heard a groan, the clanking of a chain. Heaven knows what terrible vagaries beset me. 'Perhaps/ thought I, 'Flint has been dragged away; ray turn will come next.1 Distinctly I heard again that hollow, mocking laugh, and step by step a foot ascending the stair. A cold sweat burst from every pore of my body. I sprang from the bed and ran out the open door down the stairs. It seemed to me a shadowy form fled before me and vanished in the corridor. I plunged across the field, and at last burst into a low-ceiled room, where I found the miserable little Frenchman and my missing companion. ' Oh, you ran away, then ?' I said to Flint. ' Yes,' be said, quietly ; ' I thought it best not to awaken you.' ' So you left me to be murdered, perhaps?1 'That was what I wanted to avoid,1 he said. I saw that he was pale, and his hands shook a little. ' I shall push on to Chate lousse at daybreak,' he said. ' I thought you had more nerve, Flint,1 t replied. ' I ouldn't myself sleep in that ho»ss again to be junior partner with Frost . and Co., but that is no reason for neglecting business opportunities. Prom a few words I exchanged with that tall trapper— I think they call him Cameron ' — ' ' Yes,' said Eiint, with sudden eagerness, ' what about him V 'I think he can put me. in the way of a lucrative stroke of business here.' ' How? In what way ?' said Flint. 4 In the trapping way, of course,1 1 replied ; 4 in the way of skins. ' The light died out of Flint's f ace. He sank back in his chair and stroked his thin beard contemplatively. 4 Suppose you remain here, then, till I come back,1 said he. 4 1 shan't be gone more than two or three days.1 4 All right,1 1 said, v ifch alacrity. In truth; I hated to leave Marie. At daybreak Flint drove away, with a stable boy of Bernard's for a guide. 4 He's the last man in tbe world I'd take to be such a coward,1 I said to the tall trapper, Cameron, a few hours later on.' I invited him to breakfast with me, and ref lated to him our adventures of the previous night. 'I don't know anything about ghosts,1 I said, 'but I certainly heard the metallic clanking of a chain and a hollow, mocking laugh — a footstep, too, mounting the stairs ; and, as I fled down, a phantom like form disappeared before my eyes in the hallway.' 'There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,1 said Cameron. ' All we can do is to keep a clear conscience, and lead stainless lives.1 He went on talking this way till I began to look upon him as a kind evangelist. Bis face had the guileless look of an infant, and yet he had a keen eye and brain for busi ness. He explained to me a method for curing skins which was very interesting. Even Marie paused at her work and listened to him. Her eyes were fixed upon his face with an eager, yearning expression, so beautiful, that I wondered it did not attract his notice ; but he was absorbed in his sub ject. That short Canadian day was the sweetest of my life. Before nightfall I was fully -per suaded that there was but one woman in the world for me ; but .all that I could get Marie to say in return was 'Oh, Monsieur !' This she repeated overand over again, each time with a different inflection, till it formed a whole sweet language in itself. At nightfall of the second day Flint came back looking rather paie and worn. fie said the air was freezing ; he hoped it would be milder in the morning ; that we must get off as early as possible. 4 If you go to-morrow, Fiint,1 said I, ' you'll have to go alone. I must remain awhile.1 ' L shall not go alone,1 said Flint, ' I shall have plenty of company. But why must you remain? I didn't care to speak about Marie to a j man like Flint, but I told him of the opening in trade offered me by Cameron. 1 'The tall fellow with a blonde beard?1 i said Flint, going over and shutting our ! chamber door. Then he came close to me ; and whispered in my hear : ' He Is the leader haunted house. They, are the ghpsts "of Chatelousse. . .In six' hours we shall have help. To-morro w we shall start off together. Bernard gave them up. That was my busi- hess out here. 'Trapping? I said. 4 Exactly,1 said Flint. 4 In sixteen hours everything will be ready. The officers 111 come armed ; be prepared/ a.ndi the wily Flint slipped out ofthe door. " - v - I-' sat there for I don't - know how ton g, completely stunned and bewildeted. WJfen ! I gathered my senses again I resolved 'upon one« things-mot tc go. without Marie. - ; We could get married atthe nearest town . ' I would not leave' her inthis wilderness with her traitor of a father, perhaps to fail a prey to some early vengeance from an un seen hand, I sought her out and found her feeding the fowls in the- court yard-a grey dove perched upon her shoulder, and a turkey cock stretching his red neck and strutting by her side. I drew her under the archway. 4 Marie ! Marie I' Isaid. ' Youknow how I love you I1 4 Oh, monsieur !' she said, hanging her sweet head. 4 Listen to me, Marie,1 I said. ' Be no longer a child, I entreat of you. You must go away with me to-morrow morning. At the nearest town we will be married. I will not leave you behind me. There will be titrable, I am afraid. A gang of counter feiters have been discovered over in the haunted hbuse ; Cameron istheir chief. You have thought tbefeemen to be-honest trappers, Marie; but they are counterfeiters, my own one, and they are the ghosts of Chatelousse. A' few hours' more and we shall have help. They will be taken, Marie— — 1 I stopped, for I found that she was growing deadly pale. Her hands dropped at her si-?e ; the wheat fell out of her apron upon the ground ; the fowls came calling and clacking after it. She grew whiter and whiter and whiter, till she was like the snow outside the stone wall, 4 My God I- my' God l1 she. kept saying, clasping and unclasping her bands. I tried . to take her in my arms. At first she re sisted ; then she listened. The grey look went out of her face, and she listened eagerly. 4 You will go with me, my darling?' I en treated ; ' the horses are already harnessed.1 4 Where — where are the horses V she in quired. 'In the shed, my sweet one. Tell me that you will go.1 ' Yes, yes, I will go,1 she said ; ' and now I mnst get ready.1 - ? '' - Her face looked so' set and rigid in the cold reflection of the snow — the beautiful face, no longer that of a child's ; a woman's face, full Of resolution and strength. . 4 Kiss me before you go,1 I- : said, holding her close to my heart. She put her cold lips to mine. 'God bless you,1 she cried, 'God in heaven bless you !' Night came On ; hour after hour passed ; lights began- to flicker ih the hadnted house'. Flint glued his face to the window and looked steadily out into the darkness. I did not dare tell him I had a regret/ for Cameron, Thejfellow was so lovable, and had such a guileless face ; his voice was as melodious as a woman's. At last .he turned from the windowand wentdutofthe room;, making a quick gesture for ipe to otlowj. The men had come. . Soon We WeremaVching across the 'field, the officers of ' the law crunching tluxragh J the |SUbw with " their heavy lraots, and; muttering maledictions through their chattering teth. In truth,' it was piercingly cold. We had nearly reached the house when an old, half- witted servant of Monsieur Bernard's came running out to meet us. r 4 Oh ! but I'm glad ? he cried. 4 1 Was scared to stay there so long ; they are gone sinoe this many hours.1 ' 4 Gone I1 shouted Flint. 4 Who are gone ? 4 The men folks yonder. And they took with them the sweet Mistress Marie.1 i 4 Marie ? hurst from my lips fmd those cjf Mr. Bernard. . < 'But yes,1 said the old servant. 4 She cried all the way, hut he took her in bis armjs and hushed her like a baby, and put her under his cloak.1 4 Who? who? we cried. 4 Who but Mr. Cameron,1 was the reply. 4 Anybody with wooden eyeB could have seen what Was going on.1 ' I Bernard raised his hands to heaven, then sank npon the snow. I remained with him. I was unable to go oh, besides i t was useless. Tbe men socn came back. The house was empty, the buds had flown, and with them had gone my sWeet little dove. What' £ madman I had been ! As the hostler haa said, anyone could have seen the love in hep eyes when she looked upon Cameron. I re membered how a hundred parsing signs and glances. Poor little Marie ! ' f f Monsieur Bernard divided his wrath and hiB wretchedness between his ducats and bis daughter. Every mule and pony were taken from the sheds; i t was even impossible to pursue the fugitives, . Flint, was livid with rage. ' Who could have betrayed us ? he said, through his clenched teeth, and half inclined to suspect the miserable Bernard. A fortnight later we all went our separate ways ; but I never shall forget, gentlemen, tke ghosts of Chateloiisse. . 