ACCIDENTS AND OFFENCES. Shortly before 8 o'clock on Saturday night, Constable O'Connell, who was on duty in Spencer-street, had occasion to arrest a well known character upon a charge of insulting behaviour. The officer met with some show of resistance, and was proceeding to handcuff the man, when he was set upon by four of his companions. He had fixed one handcuff, when in consequence of the manner in which he was assaulted, be had to let the man go, and the latter ran away. The other men threw the constable down, and having kicked him several times, ran away after the first man, in the direction of Little Bourke-Btreet. On Sunday morning the handcuffs were found in Queen-street by & man, who handed them over to Constable H'Manus. It was found that they had been removed from the man's wrist'by filing a piece out of the side of them. It transpired on Monday that Mr. Hyman Gross, the secretary of the Melbourne Hebrew congregation, had absconded; taking with him a large amount which he had emoezzled from tne church funds. Meetings of the con gregation were held on Sunday and Monday to consider the matter, and doubtless he will to prosecuted. Some private individuals have also beenvictu&Ued;, and on their account the law has been set in motion against him. On Mondayawarrant was issued for his arrest »«the larceny as a bailee of a Bilver watch which' he obtained from Mr. Krakowski, of King-street, in order to sell toa'third person. It ib said that the feteentee obtained his posi tion here by fraudulent representations, and that his previous character will not beat in vestigation. An accident which was very newly attended *ith fatal results occurred at the Flinders street railway station on Monday. Aa the B,tn' tra*n *rom "Windsor drew up at the piattorm a travelling jeweller, named Jnoipas Downer, aged © yean, a resident of wdigan-street, Canton, "Attempted to alight oerore thejtrain came to a standstilL As a con in.. .. . ? " - J cr^shed,.and after me removal't° the Md&ourne; Hospital it astound necessary to resort to amputation. was performed by Mr. James, of ffiStst&RyaUaQd; Dt'WQinft,8ki n^m?8eiSlvlt c^wseid jn the (Sty the b^l0^^®8.3^ b/ appearance at . ^nnw\T«£ » woman named S\C^^ BIt aPIT«d that the girl, > time has for some half-^t life, and at Was lound hv l ^OIi t^^ay morning she in man's clbt^o^oi? ^ Victoria-afreet to go out in tw ^ ,her *eturn. The TWA1' * vfi <? her Prisoned fo* 4hr»\j^e^ «n have ?he watch house, and soon afterwards she was dis charged. Michael Hawkins, a well-known larrikin, who was arrested bjr Constable O'Connell at Spencer-street on Saturday night, but-who escaped with the handcuffs upon him, was brought up at the City Court on Tuesday. Ab the tour companions who assisted him to get away, and also maltreated the constable, had not been arrested he was remanded for seven days. The house of Mr, Abraham Hyman, at the corner of Hoddle-street and Domain- road, South Yarra, was broken into on Wednesday afternoon, between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m., and a large amount of jewellery and plate stolen. Entrance was effected by pushing back the catch of a side window, and the articles were taken out of the upstairs bedrooma. Other valuable property in a ward robe that was locked luckily escaped the notice of the thieves, who must have got into the house and secured their plunder in a very quiet manner, as there were two ser vants in another part of the house, who heard no noise, and the robbery was not dis covered until Sir. Hyman came home. Mr. Panton, P.M., visited the. Pentridge Stockade on.Wednesday, when two prisoners, named Tyson and Coulter, were brought before him charged with committing a violent and unprovoked assault on Overseer Carroll a few days ago. The overseer was on duty during the school hour, when about 250 prisoners attend. He was standing dose to a number of the men when the two prisoners approached him. Tyson asked the officer if he in tended to report him for what had occurred the day previous. Carroll ordered both the men to their BeatB. Tyson then struck the officer a violent blow on the Bide of the head, and commenced to kick him in a violent manner. Fortunately a prisoner named Todd at once came to the assistance of the officer and was promptly followed by two of the warden, when tin two prisoners were removed from the school. It wais noticed some of the most nnruly were inclined to assault Todd. Mr. Panton in formed the prisoners that tbey were both men of bad characters, and that an assault of this kind rendered them liable to a punish ment of two years' imprisonment, the first six months in irons. The men were sen tenced to Biz months additional imprison ment, the first month in solitary confine ment. Some excitement is being caused in Kil more at present by the appearance of a " ghost" that nightly promenades the railway platform, and has already so seriously fright ened several persons as to render them very ill. A few nights ago the apparition was fired at several times, but without producing any effect It is believed that some of the resi dents are perpetrating a foolish practical joke, and the police have taken the matter in hand. 