"THE OLD TOLL-HOUSE." TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Through your valuable paper permit me to say a few words with reference to the letter of your correspondent, "A Victim." In the first place I consider "A Victim's" letter an unwarrantable and cowardly attack on my managerial administration, and I feel it due to my patrons and myself to offer conclusive evidence of the exclusiveness of "A Victim's" ideas. Passing over such remarks as "unmiti- gated imbecillity," "oppressed with the ranting," "melodramatic stride," &c.;, &c.;, I come to the sentence "It seems to be little short of an insult to rational human beings," &c.; In this does "A Victim" mean to assert that our forefathers were not rational human beings, for to this very play referred to and many others of a like type did they delight to go, and at this present time grand revivals of the old school melodramatic plays constitute the source of income which enables a manager to produce the high-class aesthetic plays which are patro- nised by and supported indifferently well by the few, leaving the many to wait their turn of something to their liking. Compare even the "Old Toll-House" to some of the well-patronised and elevating performances of variety shows, minstrel companies, &c.;, and is the theatre worse than those? In "A Victim's" loud complaint he betrays a mistaken knowledge of the vocation of the stage. "A Victim" has had within the past six months 24 nights of comic opera, 26 nights of Shakespeare, and such high-class production as "The Hunchback," "The Vestal," and others to regale his exclusive appetite on, and why does he begrudge those who delight in and support such plays as the "Old Toll-House" their right of irrational enjoyment? I as a caterer must in- clude all tastes. The press, which is accepted all over the world as the critic's medium, con- demn or uphold theatrical productions with judgment but without favor, and often are at fault as relates to the demands of the public; to wit, "New Babylon," although not by any means praised by the press, still received liberal patronage for twelve nights. It is a well-known fact that were exclusively high-class perfor- mances given by artists of the greatest ability, brought long distances at high salaries, the cost would be so much greater than the returns that there would not be half a theatre open here; a fact well known to managers at home and abroad, who always have recourse to something startling, peculiar, and perhaps not over-refined, to replenish their coffers, emptied in futile endeavors to educate the people to high-class entertainments such as "Manfred." "The Tempest," "Anthony and Cleopatra," and a hundred others, each of which have been the ruin either of an actor or a manager. In conclusion I must say that Ade- iaide and "A Victim" have had a fair share of the importations of the sister colonies, both as to artists and pieces. Together with an oft- repeated remark of the press, Messrs. Creswick and Fairclough, Miss Dargon, and others, have said that my company is equal to any in the Southern Hemisphere. That theatrical manage- ment is a matter of £ s. d. the figures herewith will show:— Two representations "The Hunchback"£63 14 0 Two do. "The Vestal" ... 58 5 0 Two do. " Richelieu" ... 82 12 6 Two do. "NewBabylon" 230 5 6 — thereby showing the taste of the people. I have as great an antipathy as anyone to the production of a piece likely to meet the dis- approval of my patrons, but I am certainly not going to hold the mirror up to nature always before the ball; let us look at it sometimes after coming home, a time which does not suit "A Victim." However, the forthcoming opera season and Ketten's pianoforte recitals will give your correspondent the desired outlet for his exclusive taste. "A Victim" may have his money returned by calling at the theatre treasury, and must in future wait the second representation, lest he should be victimised again.— I am, &c.; J. ALLISON, September 6, 1880. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I notice in your issue of this morning a letter signed " A Victim," and with your per- mission should like to say a few words thereon. There are victims and victims. Some are victims of others, and some are the victims of their own spleen and idiocy. Your correspondent appears to me to be one off the latter. I have had the honor of being dramatic critic to a leading London evening paper for five yeas, and I unhesitatingly say that "The Old Toll-House" is an excellent production of its kind and style. Of course that kind and style does not suit every one, but that is the manager's lookout. Judging however from the crowded house and enthusiastic reception of the piece on Saturday last Mr. Alli- son is rigbt, and the "Victim" in a decided minority. The portion of the public, as is well- known, which gives the most substantial sup- port to a theatre to that which patronises the stalls, pit, and gallery, and the attendance of dead-head "Victims" can well be spared. If the "Victim," as his letter implies, likes rather to see maudlin sentiment and third-class ranting than first-class low comedy and all round fun, in heaven's name let him have it, but he ought to be thoronghly ashamed of himself for endeavoring, by his ill-conditioned growling in the public press to injure the business of a class of the community who work—and work hard—for our amusement.—Yours truly, FAIRPLAY. September 6, 1880. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I noticed in your paper this morning that a correspondent signing himself "A Victim' has taken upon himself to utterly condemn as " unmitigated imbecility" the drama which is at present being performed to very good houses at the Theatre Boyal. Now, apart from the slight which "A Victim" thus puts upon the intelli- gence of the numerous patrons of the theatre during this performance. will you allow me to inform him that this same piece which he so harshly decries has been played to large audiences and has received flattering notices from the best critics in London, Melbourne, and Sydney, in each of which cities it had a very good run, where theatre-goers are at least as intelligent and discriminative as they are in Adelaide. In fact here, too, we have proof that the people do not look on the piece with the same jaundiced eye as your correspondent, for, notwithstanding the "stale jokes" and "general drunkenness," to-. gether with other failings and shortcomings which he lays to the charge of the drama, they testify by their presence and applause that they at least are satisfied; and after all it is for their amusement and edification that the piece is "Hamlet" and "Macbeth" are hardly probable, yet will "A Victim" cavil at the; and in many other tragedies and comedies both probability and the unities of the drama are outraged. Why then is the "Old Toll-House" singled out and set upon as a fearful example? I pause for a reply. I have no wish to hide myself behind a nom de plume as "A Victim" has done.—I am, &c.;, LEONARD ST. LAWRENCE. Theatre Royal, September 8, 1880. 