-: OCTOCO ER: Oth,. 1880.: THE following notice ofmotion has been tabled'by Mr Bowinan in the General Asscnmblyi, "That there be laid before this HBouseo a.rethirn showing- -1 The amount.of.dity.paid 'onl colonial-made spirits for onoemonth "firom tlio16tli August to : 16th. September, '-"1880r 2? Tho~names: of each firm who have .paid: the above duties. 3. Th, nmonunt p'aid (by each; firm; oni each', of the colonial spirits, viz. ;--Rmni; gi, whiskyv ,.branidy; iand:, other:, spilsts.,' The object of the return ask d for-is. 'doubtless intended 'to 'discover., to wlhat, extent; if any, the ipublic havoe nd- are, being deceived in the quality of-thei .spilrits ;consuhmed 'by.: theim.: ?.:A very general' belief is:entertainied by not'only: .those concerned: in the import. trade,. but by consumers, that the product of colonial stills is" palmed off as that of established -anid approved imported birnds. The return, asked for will of course disclos'oliowi?r this belief is cor rect, oi rather: how'fiir theri are'grounds for its existence. The return is objected to by interested- persons in. that !it::is not fair, .they assert, to disclose in this mannerd,toe :business of private firms; but the real :reason for oppositidn, we fear, is fdiunded. upon the fear:of the discove'ry :of: the truth' of the riuinors which hlia . evidently proiimpted: Mr .Bowman :to table his question. It is also asserted that the colonial distilled -is- equally "as' gioedias the importedi while lackisng.some(of ithe 'injurious ingredients. of theilatter. :,.Vell;;if this be so,: there cannot bo theo slightesti Snecessity for practicing' any:inipositiorn in its sale, by forged or deceptiveilabels~ Iin fiaseit is doing a serious:rinjistidco t the manufacturers of the colony, in5 as .muelis as .theyu are ,thsus robbedffof the credit of being able to proddce,:jspirts equal in quality to- that of Britishi-or foreign distillo?ies ?.ilf it. be:true that wev haved no necessity, s6o far as 'q?ility is concerned, to send iabroad':for our spirits, ,the trade and:the puiblic shiuld have assurance of iithat fact, which would -be-creditabloe lik to oir manufiiacirers and the colony. ,If, oon the other hand, the" codnsumer is" bei ddeled in having pbslmned'upionn liim Warenheip %or :;other .'colonial 'spirits for 'Freiich or British, , hohas- a right, to protetison WoW nii ed ha?idly tell nmr readers that:spirits- whic ha'ue not been .storcdfoir a period .arying deleterious to'the consumers apartgfrom a ny 'other aspect?of tie effects"of spirits upon the-liuman tsmomae andl constiP tin; The jquestionis ý,do our local distilleries give their.,,spiitsthat necessary-age before sending-theml ito thie nhirket8? If they1 do1; it. "ill be reassuring to :know the fact, if rthey do not it wiil thien become it maatte of considerattion .as' o what actiont th Government :.shall':itake to prevent imposition l-aid* the vendirig' of spirits an immature iige; and consequently. deleterious characteri~. .:Whisky fresh from the still lias as muchli right to be labelled "Ipoison '.' as has .'opmim ' or "sstrychiiipwo,": Its destructive effect on the ipmiau systepsis npt so ?eedyl biut it is As.. eequally as eutaun u pa ;very protracted period of tie. . THE Williamstown Amateus 'Drama ti. Club give their first performanco at the Mechanic's 'Institute on Tuesday evening next, and if' report is':to be creditedi arid. rehcarsals a criterion, a pleasing surprise: is in store for those who purpose being present. The policy of the management is that everything 'connected with their performances shall ti; 'as far as possible, essentially local, and they have been so far successful that we are ablo to announce that the ladies and gentlemen who will make their debut are local; the orchestra will be composed of nine local gentlemen and will consist of four violins, a basso, l clarionet, cornet, picolo and kettledrum. While the sceniery will be painted by two local artists and will, from Sthe'spoaimpens we have had the pleasure of seeing, cerEainly be one of the fea tures of the eaitbraizien?p. Having been favoured with an inyite to 'e present as a jhealsal we are able to give a slight sket~k.of tJo chamcters 'in the piece to be produced. pleptions i by the orchestra will precede the rais ing of the handsome drop sceno which has been obtained by the committee of the Institute, and which represents the embarkation ofAnthony and Cleopatra. Tho club's opepilpg p~oe is Old Phil's t Birthday, a serio-conna snrana in tO P acts. The' partof Mr Hardre~s '(a mer clhant) is in the hanels of Mr j 'j. oe os grave, who will do thie character ot I 'ell to do gentlemanly man of business a jistlbe, Mr M. J. Smith haIs been east for the sopseowluat ditf?icult character of Lionel,MrHu rdrees'.sou, thisa.eaescter is not a pleasing one to appeair in as i; I is in stage parlalnco the villion of tlhe A piece, but Mr Smith has evidently by study mastered tlhe dificulties of thel , part. The leading olmratcr of tde piece i Old Phil, a porter to Ir Inardress, has L been entrusted to Mr H. ?, Sutton, and froun experience he maybe expected to do A the chat acterjustice. Frank, Old Phil's Si son, a clerk in the office of MrHardress, ti and the hero of the piece, will receive an intelligent rendering at Mr R. Tope's hands. The part of the servant has been B allotted to Mr E. Sivindells. Marion ' Hardress, and Blanche her cousin, are in the hands of two young bona fide ama tours, and we are under the impression that they may claim Williamstown as la their native place, aild ic canitwili coiin fidence predict for them a 'decided suc: cess. The curtain dropped on the come dy,;the interval will be enlivened with selections from'the Opera Pinnifore by the orchllestra when the farce of the ":Spectre .Bridegroom or. anGhost in lhimself" will follow. Mr W IU; Browni will. represents the character of .the ghostly visitoi, aid vilith Pattl his seh vant. (1Mr J. Lillington) will impart t!e grave side of the picture: Mr J. A.i Thompsion, in- ithe part'-of squire. Aid=. windilei the principal cha;bter, is in it self a sulficient aniouncement to guar-i iintee that part being well .filled. Mr: J S. Moore, as Captain Vauntington, witlh a little more dash, will , do well, vwhil the locomeddy clihaactei Dickory: (Mr C. WVorrell) will be funy enougli to causeahearty laugh.: iMrC Scott and bMrs H;'Wauchiopo do their parts as servants well: The two young ladies who assume :the: characters of .Georgeana and Lavinia will be a pleasiii~ginrpris as they apparently take to farce like professionals; in fact: the club itay be congratulated on securing the assistance of-,.the four;young.ladies who are to appear in tde two lpieces. We wish the' club a, bumper house,,tho exertions of the manager fMr HP. iSuttonii, anid the Socretary,- Mr E..Draper, -ably.assisted by Mr C. Jobson, are deserving of suci cess, and if the gentlemen who are. to' .app arbo perfect.intheir parts, siccess is certai Expensc in proviiiS g stagn effects~ has not been. sparesl, and we, again rep pea t' . ?ssrpicse is in store for, their p]atrons" We had almost omitted to niention that t display of fireworks.froni tlioe vacant reserve attalced to tlh'onstil tate.has ibeen nrranned for7 o'clock on the evening of the performan ce"' aM. r . J .: Stephens, formerly pro= :crietor 'f this jounial, lias purchased tlch plant. good'.will and'copyright of the War rariabool Examiner, and brought out his first issue"on- Friday last., The Ecxaminer is one of the'.' oldest journils, in'the colony, but of late years has.been allowed to drop down considerably fromits once important posit ,tionis a leading provincial journal. Under Mr.st'tpheusa'man agsemhentthis;, we have no doubt, .will soon- be altered. 1 The ,policy eadoptl is that' of alibihril dcoiservative, and ' .id editor in his firs?article says' --In polil tics, local.or national, we shall preserve ad absolite indepeidence.:.Theie is tdoo:strong a tendency now-a-days to make the State 'subs'ervient'.t6dtheo party,. and' we are, quatt convinced that were.it not for the 'violent _ip tisanship displayed by a large section of tlrh ..colonial press, the party feeling and faictidn`' bitterness. "which"hcive' h wavied ,agaiiistl?o?r welfare ?a acoiintry would not have been so strongly manifested by those in political power. Party politici have'already been a curse to the colony, and if we wisli to see "a return of settled government we must.n jpproximlate moroe to the feeling of the ancient Ronianis, wheh ? "i ---.::"Nonoewere.fora party, .;: -. -' BIit all were for the Sistote ; "' When the rich man helped the poor, : And the poor man loved the gret.?" Whatever is commendable add calculited to btenelit the' people and 'conduce to the i~el fare of.the country shall receive our sup portand approbation; and, eon .the. other hand, anything which is mean or selfish, conceived in the interests of individuals or a class,-"to the prejudice of the country's.wal fare, shall receive, as it will merit, our strongest 'coldemnation, irrespective of the authors of it. I ntrammelled in our actions; we alil: Cendeavour.toexhibit a consistency and honesty Which .will command the respect of all ihtelligent.members of the community, even though out- views may not bbhii consou4 once, . -' ii-' : The members of the.Pilot?3oard met on Monday moinng:torecive,a. comm'nica tion from the Attorney-General with respect to the suspension of Pilot' Devlin. Thd board has suspended Mr. Devlin for sib months for "grounding the American ship 'Gisi;ite Stiite'in Port Phillip Bay:onthel13tli 'Juno last. This--decision was.. appealedt against. r In his reply theL Attorney General upholds.the action of the board,'but:,tlinks that. Mrc l'Devlin is entitled to i rceivoehis licence at. the expiration of six moniths iiwith oait having to pass anotherexamnination.n,,Mr. Croker, who' represents the appellant;. lhas intimated his intention of appealing to thd Supreme Court. Ho objects, to "lr. Vale's decision, iecause it has. not- received the approi?l of the Governor- iii-Couincil. SIt.is proloable theFinance Committed of the 'Wbilliamstown Council. will meet fort~ 'nightly,' instead' of monthly, as heretofore! It is'found that Iseeril accounts desirose of ,beingf aid within the month are' a c?usd of ,necessityto some whose money is dieand i ,great'inconvenionce is caused by their having ts"oiraitso''long " : The;attor0nies costs 'awardedi agiinst ithc Councill in; the recent -defaulting rate. payers cases, mwere received at the last meeth ing of the i??incil)at Williii?nsiati , and re' forred to the Finance Committee. [l .T } "liAsithertenppearts to benditffcreicolof eopinon'amnongst the Conncillors of WVilliaisa town them?ielves id thepubli;c'to'theýtitn !the memtboia'sit deiry:alternate' Tesday;-.iv may mention tlitt tie holir is fixed at sovdfc 'o'clock sharp.- The conclusion has never-yet been determined,-unless one: or two of the members would confine themselves a little -more toatho stringent parts before th o cl ir, `instead of -wasting timeno ini'usdloiss oratory, and keeping the audience aqd recortsas longer from their homes than ancerssar. I. The Oiecyhlound hotel; Williiitotiovn is likely to be thle cause'ofa deal of litigatioi' between the tenant, his landlord, 'mrd thb holders of a: mortgage nupon ,the property. On Tuesday last an eje?tment warrant was applied for against the laudlbord, i tlr :ttiogh the impossibilityof the attorneyforthe tenant inot bcnig able to attend, the hearing bf the ease was adjourned till Tuesday next. when it was stdtd by the attorney who wds present, according td 'the lottor' Fqecived, it was likely to last at least half ortpirhaps a cohole day. It will be remembered the ecase was in the Court some three mnonthls siame. On Tuesday last at the Police Covrt, Wilianmetpwni, a man named Ford was charged on recpud fropa Melbourne with stealing sbout ' eCwt. of copper,- eqcmpfiasig hoops usedl arounid tie casks of' gunlocdi'r. The stolen property Iclonged to the Govcrn ment ad 'had been abstracted fross the hulks at tlhe rivep. PDefecnda.t was foined offLring it for sale to 'a marilao store decler, who, perceiving tehoGoverCncet brauld, arrow and "R.N," stamped ulon it, had Iris su piicions aroused. nad eallodl ic a oonstahble. Upon his application that the case might' be further adjourned for a week as his attoroney (Mr; Croker) conul not attend, tihe magis trates presiding granted therequest. An entertainment was held on Thurs day evening last in the Mechanics' now hall, under the auspices and for the benefit of the Williamstown Congregatioiial School Band. The characterof theentertainmont wasthat of an instruinentalaudvocalconcert, and several of the smateirs acquitted themselves'credit ably' whi* t 6thora ~eirc rather indifferent. The part the bdiid todk tliro~ti'~ t fl;, even ing v:fs deciddely a most crdditablo ~,iortion of the oo tt:tsioIncnt. ' The Pev.'. J. Halley presided :s chairagao. The Williamstown Rowing Club will hold their first scratch fours of the season this afternoon over the usual course, from the Stevedore-street Pier, the large number of twelve crews having entered for the com- petition. The first heat will start at three o'clock sharp, and to enable all the heats to be rowed during the afternoon it will be necessary for those engaged theiein to be punctual to time. The following are the order in which the heats will be rowed viz. Firs heat. A. Fowler (stroke) C. Downs, E. Dobney, James Rodger, against C. Scott (stroke) R. Waycott, A. Burrows, R. Web- ster. Second heat, J. S. Moore (stroke) W. Holten, J. Grindlay, J. Christison, against A. White (stroke) E. C. Moss, B. Blackett, W. Jones. Third heat, J. Rodger, (stroke) J. Fowler, R. Jackson, J. Jobson against C. J. Clark (stroke) C. Percy, M. Scully, M. Hackett. Fourth Heat, J. Goble (stroke) J Legg, W. Litchfield, C, Usher, against W. Dobbin (stroke) J. Robinson, R. Hutton, W. Murrell. Fifth heat, E. G. Swindells, (stroke) A. Hughes, H. Drury, R. Craig against J. Silke (stroke) W. Hayes, R. Fowler, C. Mat- thews. Sixth heat, W, H. Browne (stroke) J. Hernan, F. Kilgour, M. Hislop against M. Wood (stroke) R. McInnis, C. Smith, F. Dobney. The Williamstown Congregational Band have kindly consented to enliven the proceedings by playing several selections of music during the afternoon, on the Stevedore- street Pier. A full report of the social evening, which was held in the Mechanics' Instituto last evening, will appear next week. Mr Regiolds of Glenrowan?' wI on Ned Kelly interviewed on the Sunday pro, vious to the battle, and who had a few min etes, chat with. the notorious outlaw,, who during the conversation sat on a sofa, assures the Ovens and Murray Advertisor that a lady of respectable appearance came all the way from Melbourne for the purpose of sitting on thlse a inoaof thalt Ned Kelly rested oni during the interview. The following extraordinary case is telegraphed from Vagga Wagga, ?NoW.South Wales:-In theCircuit Court civil sittings beforoMrJustice IHargraves and a jury of four,,i.peciliar.:'aso ewns ?heard, ,in which Green, a. publican, sued four respectablo. residents of Wagga Wagga -for' £2,000 damages for assault and false imprisonment. The plaintiff, who is a piblican at Hanging Rock, drew £792 from the bank, and.it.awas alleged was going to bolt to Victoria.- De-' fendants, who were creditors, followedl, and next morning before daylight,- planted theim solves behind trees. Green came out of. his h6use,- and ias aiirested Iby t'wo of thie defendants, who escorted Green as prisoner to the other defendants, some distance, onei of whom (Mor.in) poinited a pistoL, and said, "Pay'whast thou owest." Green became "iiimimdd, hid' pdid the creditors in' 'full.. HlI 'was atlei-"rcl'eaid, anil :then brought an action .Theroe was hardswearming on both sides.- The jur, however, s'eemed to justify. the action- of defendant ii-belideving that ,gen wantetto cross the border- to. aQrid icymeinit, ascah to theamount of £'00 ' as found on him, anA tliey 'gie a ivorllit for, defedants.---The-verdict was -roceived with_ satisfaction by the general public. o an" ill play several . sdec'= lions of music on the tltevedoro- street1Fierl this afternoon on the occasion of the opemng' of the rowing- oeasons, ytho -t llismstos~n Rowing Clib wsuo boldtheir firstecratch fAlseis over lthe usiihlo'rse- frt~nothe -steamrini to Stevedore streeotPier... The followiin-aro the selectfons'of' music ?hich will'lie per formed, viz.:- March, Golden Lock (R. Smiti), Schottische, Dawnof Day (E. Marie), QuadI ills, Chants do Siiir(Tillarl), Selection, ILM.S. Pinafore (Sullivan), Polka, 'Sweet -Violets (Tillnrd),Valse Brunette (E. Leconte), March, No-Surrender (R Smith), Valse Dor. inda(Il. Smith), Galop, Electric Post,'(Msllot) A number of ratepayers in tIe bor ough of Williamstowni were summoned for rates yesterday at the .police court, anh' a fresh batch will be similarly dealt with next' week if the rates are not immediately settled.. The first number of the Illustrated .hreitian,Weekly is to band. It is well got utp'aindtilenands siipport frdm all denboimi:a tions. We wish it success. ' A"fatal accident occurred ITlirsday.. evening last at the Sugar Relinery, Yarra- villeg;resulting in this instantanieous dleeth of a young lad namediMurphy. The poor boy, srho was about 10 years of age, was engaged' cleaning aiironi door that moved'on pulleys, and hal removed one-of the wheels for the. purpose qf.cleanirigthe' beare'rs, whbn the heavy iroh mass gave way. .Before he had time to move, the falling-weight' ciaght his(headvand crushed the' skull, causing ifistait deatlh. . It will be sen- by, advertisemcnl; in. another columrn that the Bishop of Ballarat' will preach at Holy Trinity 'Church at. 11 o'clock to-morrow, and the Rev:' Mr: Scott,' of Footseray, in the evening at..7, the occa. sion being the sixtn anniversary of the opening of the church. The musical portion of the service, morning and evening, will be "'CLark Whitfield" in E.; the anthem in the evening "Behold how good and joyfiul," by the same composer. Every endeavour will be made by tie church officers to ancommo idato'straugers, and 'we need. searcely. add that their exertions in' this respect would be materially,,assisted if the seatholders, and 'iiiilar:atteiidants at the church would be in their places early. STheiielbourni e iind Subiiibann eTows Ag6ihet hr; l fti l irt `'iia iannaaihannive;rsary dinner on Thursday, September:.30,;at the -Masonic hall, -Lonsdale-street.. After the usual toests had been drunk, the president (Mr Joh -FTurner)lTjon behalf of the MAel. bourne4iid-duliurba'utnd-oi a~iehntstresentdl: a handsome timepiece, suitably inscribed t", the hon. secretary, Mr. John C. C. Schild)h A' few other toasts followed, and a very, pleasant evening was spent. 'It was said ithe 6ther day~ ?that thed great Exhibition was so crowded that it was' Impossibleto obtain seats. .Now thereo' have .boen sevetl rushe's to ;Krakovbki's, but he 'has nevoirfailed.to find a ?iair-'or hgryeo b' . requiringoit:..-H Xoieafifurnish!yon with a bed should you want it, and so large are hisa resources that many "cabinet councils" have been held onihis -promises. Everyone is welcome to hid tables.. In-return for his' urbanity it is recorded that thereois: scrcely a residence in- Williamstown in which he is ogt represcnted by some useful or ornamental artidie-frbom his dsta'lsllomhnt-u . .:. ' '.. 