« THE C; T IiIES OF NORMANDY." Under the title of "Les Cloches de Corneville" this opera was performed in Adelaide early last year, the leading character, Serpolette, being then taken by Miss Clara Thompson with marked success. It is to be produced to-night by tbe present company at the Royal, and as it is a comparatively new opera we have thought it as well to subjoin an outline of the plot:— The Comte de Lucenay, attainted for politieal reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienne and considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own (which indeed happens), brings up the child as his niece, under the name of Germaine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's treasure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau of Corneviile, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De Lucenay, and an exile from France. The grandson of this Mar quis de Corneviile is, however, alive, and the interdict on the estates having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that onday the long-expected heir will return. Means while the castle has an evil notoriety. It ie haunted; mailed spectres stride along the corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But, in truth, these are devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of tbe opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of hiB fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the band, also flying from Gaspard'a house —but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the chateau and audit the barony accounts. Now Germaine has betrothed herself to a ne'erdo-well of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenicheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But, in fact, her deliverer was really the long-lost heir—the young Henri de Corneviile, now captain of an armed ship, with a roviDg commission, who a year before had put ashore at Honfleur, to revisit the house of his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again returns—and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants—amongst others Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux (now turned coachman), concludes the first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms—and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village traditions. Two discoveries, bearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines, are here made by the Marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girl he rescued bom the sea is the Germaine who has captivated him, but who believes herself bound in honour to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of the Comte de Lucenay, and placing of his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Serpolette immediately rushes to the conclusion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of some one is announced by the scouts—Grenicheuxis put into a suit of mail to watch the intruder unseen— and the Marquis and his crew retire to the armonry. The old miser appears—works his phantoms—lights the candelabra—wallows in his gold—and then comes a swiftand awful vengeance. The rusty bells toll—a ghostly chaunt is heard—then a legion of mailed spectres—all the dead and buried Lords of Corneviile appear —and advance on the appalled miser, who sinks wondering and terror-stricken on his gold. This startling tableau concludes the second part. The last act is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Germaine. This is done by patching together tbe hints dropped in his ravings by old Gaspard—who confirm a them on his return to sanity, and owns that Germaine is not his niece, but Mdlle. de Lucenay. In the same moment that youDg lady learns that she is fiee to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri de Corneviile, and not to Grenicheux, she owed her life. Across the serious interest of the denouement comes the lighter texture of Serpolette's fortune. No sooner does she assume the silks and satins of rank than she is undeceived as to her real position, and has again to look forward to sabots and cotton. Over the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaine come, this time gladly, the chimes of The Chimes of Normandy. TOWH HAIX POFULAB COHCBRTS.—The last concert of the season of Town Hall popular concerts will take place this evening. Mons. Jules Mcilhan, B.A., the talented pianist, has the management of this concert, and will give several recitals. Madame Robertson and Mr. George Robertson are also advertised to appear, and in addition to these artists Mr. F. Winterbottom, R.A.M., the violoncellist, Mr. G. H. Nash (bass), Mr. T. Narroway (tenor), and Mr. T. H. Jones, the well-known organist, will take part in the concert. NORTH ADELAIDE GBAHMAE SCHOOL.—The annual athletic sports in conneotion with the North Adelaide Grammar School are to take place this afternoon at the foot of Montefiore Hill. HIBERNICON DRAMATIC CLUB.—" The Colleen Bawn" is to be played at the Academy of Music on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings next by the Hibernicon Dramatic Club. The perform ance on the latter occasion will be given as a complimentary benefit to Mr. J. Rooney, whose impersonation of Danny Manu has been spoken of as very clever. THE STRIKE ON THE NAIRKE RAILWAY WORKS.—The position of the strike on the Nairne Railway works remains unchanged. Large numbers of the navvies have left the works and some have come to town, while others have gone to other contracts and various kinds of labour. About seventy men have been engaged by an agent from the Port Augusta and Government Gums line. The men, who think their request most reasonable, still remain firm, and so do the contractors. They point out that the eight- hours system is in vogue all over the colonies except here and in Western Australia. They maintain, too, that they gave sufficient notice to the contractors, having had notices posted up in the cuttings, but on that point the contractors differ with them. It is also argued by the men that it they were going to be dispersed they would not be given more than an hour's notice, and, therefore, it is unreasonable for the contractors to expect to get exceptional notice. The report that the contractors bad given the men notice to lift their tents on Friday night is altogether incorrect. Nothing occurred yesterday beyond a number of the men having applied for and received their pay. Abont ten police-troopers have been stationed on the works for the last two or three days, but their duty has been a sinecure, no disturbances having arisen—in fact very few men are to be seen about the road or line. The navvies point to Victoria, and ridicule the idea of Messrs. Walker & Swan getting men from there, and if they do come they say they will be no use, or will only work eight hours a day ; but even if they do, other labour, especially harvest work, is plentiful. The men sent messengers to town yesterday to get advertisements and placards printed calling a monster meeting of navvies for Monday next; but judging from an answer to a similar call on the same day, the action is not likely to have any important result. It was stated that some of the men intended to return to work next Monday, but this needs confirmation. PUBLIC SCHOOL EXHIBITIONS. -Twenty-five entries have been received by the Education Department for the boys' exhibition, which gives those who pass the examination the privilege of being sent on to certain private advanced echcols. Four entries have been received for the girls' exhibition, and eight for the bursary examination. PORT CONGREGATIONAL SCNCAT - SCHOOL.— Harry Phillips, and not Minnie Clayton, obtained the prize for verbenas at the juvenile exhibition of flowers in connection with the Port Congregational Sundcy-SchooL /R*R WOOL PAT.ES.—We are requested by Messrs. Elder, Smith, & <-'<>. to call attention to the fact th tliey hold tin ir next Wool Sale on Wednesday, 10th infant (Tuesday Being a Holiday), ana 011 every Tueu- diT afternoon afterwards. a311 - l£ivj 