A TURF CELEBRITY OF THE PAST. The World (London) contains an interesting article on the late Matthew Dawson, of which we give the following abridgment : — The scene is at Newmarket, celebrated for sausages and horse-racing. A quarter of a century ago the great representative ;trainer of racehorses dwelt afar from the historic Heath. y\ hue o ujiu ouuib iiuuub iio luaiion liiu liiouuls of owners, backers, and bookmakers, and the spyglasses of innumerable touts were directed towards Langton Wold. Whitehall was a show place of which Yorkshiremen-horsiest of mor tals — were justly proud. The Leger was al most farmed by the Great Northern stable which counted amongst its supporters the late Lord Derby, Mr. Bowes, and the present Lord Fal mouth, at that time he rejoiced in the nom de .courses of Mr.T. Valentine. All this is changed The glory of the turf has faded from Langton Wold and settled upon Newmarket. -In the year when Red Eagle won the Cambridgeshire there were not 200 horses at Newmarket. Now there are few short of 1,000 .From the Berk shire Downs came hither a few years ago Mr. Matthew — called by his friends and admirers ' Mat' — Dawson, on whom the mantle of John Scott may fairly be said to have fallen. A thick-set active man of some five-and-fifty sum mers greets us heartily as we step into his sanc tum at Heath House. His rosy features — of that particular tint which can only be acquired by the constant contemplation of horse Resh-- are surrounded by a fringe of whiskers,; his still abundant locks are but .slightly touched with grey. There is, saving the peculiar and otherwise indiscribnble hue .already referred to, nothing of a sporting character in the appear ance pf Matthew Dawson. His make-up is of the severe— almost clerical — order, and his demeanour and conversation is singularly free from any trace of the stable. He is one of the most geqial of Scots, but a strenuous worker witRal, equal not only to the task of training an immense stud of horses, but of entering them judiciously for forthcoming events, no light task, be it remembered. The walls ef the pleasant room, looking on, to a lawn as smooth as a - billiard table, are bung witli portraits of equinecelebrities— high-mettled racers of stainless pedigree, --v/hose glory is en shrined for ever in the studbook. First- of these in antiquity, -as in renown, is Eclipse. Over the fireplace hangs a hardly less celebrated auinfal — Alice Hawthorn, the dam of Thoriuanhy, winner of the Derby, and one of the household gods -of the Dawsons. Of the famous chesnut -Thor- manby — the honest son of-Windliound — there- areunetnorials in plenty. "On - one &de; hangs his portrait in oils; on the -other stands a sta tuette of him- in - silver ; and .-a magnificent whisk is made out of the tail — curiously -flecked with the whalebone -white hairs — which he showed to the Wizard as they shot past the post -for; the Derby. The"" American- horse Umpire had many followers ; all Yorkshire plunged on the Wizard, and the partisans of the yellow jacket — the -original Westminster colou-rs, .tem porarily borne -by Mr. Merry — staked heavily on Thormanby. The Wizard was trained by -old John Scott, .named after him, and had be- sites the prestige which >always attaches to the -vriiiud ui iiiu ,-itvu -- xiiuuiiuiiu u tiiwau auvi- manby's trainer had good cause for his confi dence ; but it was only.after a regular trial with ; jockeys up at Russley that Matthew Dawson knew his horse was twenty-one -pounds better than Northern Light. Sir. Merry then backed his representative for a great stake at short odds; and is said to have won nearly £100(000. But it was a nearer thing than the decision of the; Judge indicated, for only forty-eight hours after the race Thormanby su'ffered 'from an at tack of strangles, from which he never tlior oughly recovered during the season. He made a poor fight for the famous' Leger in which St. Albans romped home ; but a grand-show in.- the 'Ascot Cup. next. year. Above the picture of Alice Hawthorn is King craft, a Derby winner, with his owner, Lord Falmouth, standing by his side, .a gitt from His Lordship to his Iraiuer. Next comes a capital portrait-of Tom Aldcroft, in the French grey jacket -and red - cap of Admiral Harcourt, mounted -on Ellington, a horse trained by Tom Dawson -at Middlelmm, and the -winner .of one of the most sensational Derbies on record. Discoursing .pleasantly of turf history and turf legend, the trainer .of.Thormanby -and King craft, Dundee and Bnekstone, -Spinaway, Cam- ballo, and Lioness points with his gold double eyeglass to a magnificent portrait.of OhLFisher- man after his retirement; from racing, -and to another of Wild -Dayrell, one of the greatest horses of modern fiays. Between these-, is' -the gallant black — almost blue black — Saunterer, whom he passed to Mr. Merry, who won with him the .historical Goodwood Cup, followed by the-sudden death of a popular nobleman under circumstances which caused much painful re made. It was -.during his connection with Mat thew Dawson that Mr. Merry achieved -those victories which made the buy in yellow the guardian angel of backers .ami the despair of the ring. The Heath House establishment was origin ally built, we believe by Lord Stamford, for Joseph Dawson, but ultimately came into the hands of his brother. Having been made on purpose, it is -everytuing tnat a -great training establishment should be. Looking over the nice_ patch of training .ground, called for some uncoinprehensible reason the " Severals," to wards the abode of Judge Olark at Fairstead, Heath Honse is handy to the Bury Hill. At the tree-embowered dwelling is a quadrangle of stables, all -.well =appointed, spick and span, and silent as the grave. There is a hardly percept ible bustle as the horses return from exercise,, but silence is the order of the day. The long strings of terribly high-bred cattle glide out of the stable on to the Severals and Bury Hill' noiselessly as -sheeted ghosts. Pace and direc tion are indicated by a wave of the hat or a movement of the hand. All fall into position in mechanical regularity. Even the yearlings seem impressed with -a sense of coming dignity, and move gravely, as if they Icnew how much money they are destined to carry. At afternoon time the horses of name .and fame, the cynosure of touts, the hope of backers, the dread of the ring, are quietly bestowed in tho stable, their work having been done at an early hour soon after sunrise i-n fact, but not too early for the keen eyes, which can recognise any animal trained at Newmarket through the thickest of clothing, and make a shrewd guess at his con dition besides. Touting must be a profitable, profession, if, as we are told, the head of thei profession at Newmarket makes £1,000 a year. The trainers at head-quarters appear to enter- -tain far less horror of the indigenous tout than of the army of horse- watchers who invade the town just before a great race. These outsiders are a sore trial and a vexation, from their rough manners and objectionable .intrusiveness. Al most as exasperating as are 'the persons who, without the slightest claim to the confidence of a trainer, pelt him with letters, of which the following — received fjust before the race for the Middle Park Plate — is a fair sample: — ' From — — of to Mr. M. Dawson, Newmarket. Dear Sir, — You will excuse me taking the liberty of writing to you. I should feel exceedingly obliged if you would let me know if you are going to win with Lord Falmouth's filly. I am, Sir, yours truly From the period of his pleasant connection with .Lord John Scott until now, Matthew Daw son lias ever eschewed fanciful theories and hard-and-fast rules of training. It was said of the two famous trainers of his early years — John Scott and old John Day — that the former always leant towards flesh, preferring. to run his horses a little above themselves while (John 1 Day would insist on galloping them till the last ounce of superfluous fat was removed. Mat thew Dawson may be designated an eceltic trainer, fully recognising the value of each of the older systems in particular cases, but- view ing every horse under his care as a patient re- ' quiring special treatmeut according to his in dividual constitution. As we saunter through the stables on a warin afternoon the cats '(without which no racing" establishment would be complete) sit blinking their eyes at the 6un, looking as wise as only owls and cats can look, and the calm of the place becomes if possible more intense than ever. On Bunday, perhaps, a lower deep or stillness is readied. It is only broken-in the evening, when Mrs. Dawson, who takes great pride in her regiment of tiny apprentices, reads evening service, and the boys lift up their voices ; and -sing with a vigour and accuracy which , speak well for the skill of itlieir teacher and the soundness of their lungs." 