THE MOONLIGHT SONATA. Written expressly for the JBamthm Spectator. It was tee close of a tnlty Australian anm- merday, and there seemed to be no life left in the inmates of Mr. Hamilton' bnab man sion. Nor was thia to be wondered at, for all day long the ano had glared fiercely down wun conetant Darning taat snowed hie ntiengih. N >w, at eventide, Nature seemed wearud. out with the straggle of the day agaioat hia power, and longing to be at mat. The eun had fallen behind the mountain like a ball of fire to gather freah strength far the next day' j turoey, and the hash of the gloaming was cimiog over evetything. Over the moonteina fl lated a white span of clond ; a mere fragment " near the Betting enn " flecked with orimaon. The beantPul and silent wattles, glad of respite from the patch ing heel, gave, oat their tr /grance. The birde waibied their aoog ot thauae, and high above might be beard the strange, boaree cry of the night birds flying towards their tryetihg place, in (he broad verandah -over which cl.mb.rjd jessamine and clematu, there lay at hie ..Be, while (he mystic lufi jecce of the cwiiigne celled np t&e; past m vivid colours, « hanouume men holding in fate hand a spray of (be -true t urge t-me -Out. One glance at the i.ce ot Frank Forreaier «ud nu rosier of bis fellows required to be told that he saw no unselfish, large- hearted man. A eeoood glance would reveal the fact that he had paid the pnoe of geoeroeity and had keenly nafiiered bodily, mental, and oven, spirited Buffering, for be had almost come to doubt (he existence of the world that waits behind the portal. When a generous man 1b cur tained in thil olond of donbt that hangi above |iia jonacy, J» |iaa suffered, It mf gp In thia case. The cynical licet abont the moatb were not natural to the face, and were completely belied by dark eyes that looked fearletsly and straight, and were wont ao often to kindle with animation. Twelve months ego thoee lines were not there, bnt since then Forrester hag been through a life- feme of woe, and the tiny flower be holds within hia hand has carried back hia thoughts to the " golden days," and boaled them with ghosts of the past. He ill in a richly f oroisbed room, in one corner of which u plaoed an Erard ; lights are -Hmhing on shapely beads and rounded arms, aud the chit chat of the gay circle la passing lightly ronnd, for Forrester has come late and the gueeu are assembled to do hon our to Mr. and Mrs. Graham, and sharpen their wits at the expense of the host and hostess. Bet there it a aeose of something wanting to this late arrival, until the door opens and as Emily Graham eaters the room and Forrester's manly face it lighted up, it is easy to understand the want; She is a queenly woman, with a fine commanding presence, Her eyes, which are of a hazel hue, seem to melt in tenderness while the delicately-pencilled eye- brows are well suited for a setting to oooh gems. Her month, gentle and tremulous yet seems not wanting in firmness, and over her shoulders her hair falls in bewitching beauty— w flood of golden wealth. There appeals to the onlooker no beeitation in her manner as ahe comes forward and gives her hand ; and why shonld there be, for have not Frank and she been boy and girl together 1 Does she not recall at this moment the first evening they met ten years ago, and smitten with each other's charms feU headlong in love at onoe, sod sheepish ly exchanged bonqneta and oonfnsed expres sions of mutual admiration ! And does ahe not remember too, the tragio evening five years past when she, a blooming girl of seven teen, had a desperate flirtation with the young dootor, and Frank of the mature age of twenty, and with the incipient down upon his upper lip, had bitterly enreed all woman kind and refused to receive Emily's kind advances, hinting darkly at a ruined life and her thoughtless girlishuess I And had they cot grown up together through all these years without the parents of either entertain ing the idea of then: failing in love with each other ! And eo because it was a thing not to be dreamt of and an utterly foolish thing and yet, God help them, what more natural! they bad both come to the same conclusion, thatneitbercould live withont the other's love. True woman, Emily knew the troth first and it was only this very day that Frank had thoroughly awoke to the faot that he loved Emily as he loved no one else. His waking bad been n rude one for it had come from a oompaoion of his, who had retailed to him the gossip of the day as they strolled down CoIIidb street together in majestic indolence, and self conations indifference. " Yun know that beautiful girl Emily Graham ? She's engaged to young Mortimer theeqoetter, By Jove, Forrester, she's astnn- ning girl. I thought you were smitten there." It was a heavy hit although the idle talker knew it not, and Forrester bore it for a while like n wounded bird that makes no sign, and crept off from his tiresome com panion. " Emily going to be married f I don't believe it. She knows I love her, and I am aura Bhe loves me." Aud then he remembered that for five ioog years be had' spoken no word of love to her, bnt had taken all her affection and trust as a matter of coarse ; indeed he had never debated the matter seriously with himself, and It had been left to the random shot of a meddlesome yonth to pieroe through the shell of manly indifferenoe to each a romantic idea as that of love, and to call into being the noblest portion of his nature. And so he felt sick at heart, for he knew now that if he lost Emily Graham, ltle had lost its sweetness for him and it was his own finlt. He bit terly ourseshisfoUy, and in hia heart presaging all manner of woe, resolved npon bearing his fate from her own lips. " If lam to be wounded " be said "let the blow come from a kind hand ; the hand of a friend " so sim ple had his nature become in his anticipated sorrow. Accordingly, the same evening fonnd him in the midst of a n timber of aesembled guests at Mr. Graham's house at Brighton. When Emily met his eyes the lorelight was gleaming in them, and her heart beat with a rebellious throb, and for a momentsbe well-nigh lost her eelf-poesession. A moment and no more. The next ehe had quietly gone to bim eaying : — " Good evening, Frank, I'm glad to aee you," and no one thought it strange that he ehonld lead her to a sofa where they might talk together. Scarcely were they seated when Mortimer came np and said, " This is onr dance, Emily." He was not a prepos- m.a either in appearance or manner and mere was Bach an air of claiming his right io his style of address that Forrester, his foe already, would gladly have quarrelled with him ou the epot. Mrs Grahsm came forward however, and with the kindest man ner of a kind and attentive hostess, said: — " If yon are not going to danoe, Frank, perhaps you would lay aside your classical music for once, and play a good galop. I know it is a shame to trespass upon your good nature and ask a moeioian to play such trash as dance music bat"— What followed Frank knew not for he had gone to the piano. He was a thorough musician with a passionate fondness for classical music, and therefore not in love with hie task. Aa a role he was a very qniet player, and many of hia friends won dered whet had taken possession of Frank Forrester on this evening to make him play so brilliantly, almost fiercely. The dance over, moat of the cooples pretty well tired with the violence of the galop, which was as Mies Barber remarked to her companion, " eo lovely you know, and Mr. Forrester is each a lovely player," went ronnd the con servatory and into the well-laid outgronnds. On their return one yonug lady of no great strength of mind and a pale complexion, begged Mr. Forrester to sing ; she doted' on eioging, and ehe knew Mr. Forrester had euoh a beautiful voice, Forrester tnrned almost fiercely npon the innocent damsel, who wondered what ahe had done, and went to the piano. He was a good singer and therefore had au attentive audienae, bnt to- night he eing wildly end with a power and depth of passion in his voioe that had never been there before. The visiters crowded round him when be declined to sing again, and wanted to tell him how nplendidly be was singing on this oooasion. And Mortimer with Emily beside him cried — Yen, Forrester, I never heard yon eing like that before, do sing again." Forrester felt as if he oould have crashed the speaker, bnt be quietly bowed and when he looked at Emily be saw that ehe nnder- etood hia secret aod the pain at his heart grew more bitter for there was no hope in her eyes, only pity and its twin-sister. At this point, enpper was announced, and Morti mer came np to lead Emily to the room which was at the other end of the honse, bnt she handed over the offending be- fore Blinded to, and said ahe was not going to sapper, adding to her mother that ahe wished Frank to show her some points in new eonats whioh ahe did not understand, and this might be her last opportunity as she might not see him again, before ahe went np the country. Mrs Graham looked her motherly displeasure bnt wisely said nothing and Frank stood behind Emily, while ehe went throngh tile beautiful calm music of the first movement of Beethoven's 'Moonlight bonus. The soothing infiaeoce of the peace ful music hashed every passion in hia heart bnt love, and quieted many ot the tnmulc- uiub feelings there. Aa the strains died away in tender silence and before Emily conld continue the mora lively portion, Frank, moved by a eudden impulse aud trembling with the power of hia love, bent over the head of the fur girl, and whispered : I hope yon will both be happy, Emily." God knows what it ooet him to asy those simple words and to hia surprise he frit two soft arms ronnd his neck, and aa the broken hearted girl passionately pressed her lips against his, and wailed out " Thank yon, Frank," he knew what he had lost, and what he might have gained. Of course it was very wrong of tnem ' bnt who conld blame tbem, if before they parted each had iearo't the secret at the other's heart. And Forrester hid gone home in a dream, for all he could learn from Emily was that there was no hope, shemuat rnsriy Mortimer, and be must try to furget ah abont her. He bad let himself in at borne with his latch-key and bad thea sat down to think, bnt ever tnem word came healing in upon hie brain " no hope, no hope." Tbey were written u letters x/t living fire- upon the wall; they were echoed back from every footfall as he paced tin room. The very' air seemed peopled with voices which rang back the desolate words, nod' when be opened his window and sought to cool his brow with the night wind, toe mocking words still came baok to him, no "hope, no hope." Hestop- ped suddenly, remembering that that very day, for it was early morning, he had .to prosecute a man for bis ornel deoeption of a girl, who had loved him too well. The task had been welcome to him before as a rising young barrister anxiona to make himself a name, bat it was doubly eo now. He bad thoroughly mastered the eaae before; but the events of the last few hoars had driven it out of hiB mind. Now he bent eagerly to his task, and when the coortopeoed Forrester wearied from the intensity of bis exoStemeot, bnt seemingly calm, was at bis post. The evidence waa short and clear and it was not long before the girl's counsel rose to make hia address to the jnry. Barely before had euoh an address been heard. The advo cate's voice nog with acorn as he rained down upon the soouodrel all the sarcasm aod inveotive of a righteous indignation. He left the case as he said in the hands of an intel ligent jury, who would, he knew, do justice to a girl who had been cruelly wronged, and eat down amidst a mnnnor of applause, whioh speedily grew beyond tile bounds lawfully assigned in a court. The counsel on the other side made but a feeble defence, and after the ramming np of the judge, who spoke of the talentsd address of his learned mend, the counsel for the prosecution, " the intelligent jnry aforesaid " gave a verdiot for the girl with heavy damages. Many solicitors woke up that day to the faot that yonng Forrester had genios, and pressed forward at the close of the esse to place important briefs in bis hands. To all he gave the one reply, " no hope, no bops," and the haggard painful look npon his face gave a strange force to his words. They took him borne and called in a doctor, who drew a long face, said his patient had clearly been studying too hard, and none of these Victorians could study like the English boy. He remembered the day when he need to do hie fonrteen hours a day and never feel it, Bir — strong as a bnllock, sir. And eo they Bhaved his head aod left him and the dootor fighting it ont with nature, the dootor troth to say, being puzzled with this Strang - patient the burden of whose cry was " eo hope, no hope." Frank lay ill a long time, but he recovered, and after Emily's marriage, of which they did not tell him, and which he bad aeemed to have forgotten, he left Melbourne and went on a long sea voyage with a captain, an old friend of the family. He oame hack stronger, certainly, bat very haggard -looking, and much older, and it was plain to aU that he wee not yet well, and so he had been sent np to this station of Mr. Hamilton's, where he was allowed to do nothing bnt lonoge about, and sometimes smoke a cigar, and when the evening came, throw himself down in the verandah and enjoy the soeot iff the flowers, end listen to the song of the birds. And on this particular night, memory was very busy at work, for added to tbeinflnenoe of the twilight, was the expectation of visitors (ladies), and Forrester waa 'not look ing forward to tbeir arrival with feelings of pleasure. Not that he had become a woman- hater; he was simply trying to forget aU abont them, and besoms indifferent to their existence ; his snocess was not so marked aa he might have wished. Bnt while he thus mused, the moon began to rise, and shed a eoft, pure fight, changing evetything as by the wand of an enchantress, and giving that indesoribable charm to nature, which nothing bnt moonlight, and that especially in a hilly district, can give. A gnarled and knotted old go in tree, gannt and withered-looking, roan jost before the house, and ae the light oame stealing gently bnt majeetioally over it, every limb, every knot, and every twig was sharply outlined against the sky, and there was not a breath Btirring. The vety silence of the grave was over the place, and a strange fasoioation held Forrester's eyes fastened on the tree. He heard low talkiog in the room leading on to the verandah, and a soft, eweet voice re calling other days, bnt he heeded not, biB whole attention was abeorbed by the tree. The moon toss higher, and the shadows in the branches grew deeper. An opossum came from its nest and walked right along to the end of a bough, and sat there nibbling, and still the moonlight grew brighter, and the silence more intense. The old tree threw a clear ehadow now upon the hard, bare ground ; the beautiful light searched ont every dark nook and cranny, and everything grew bright, and still the tree held Forrester's eye. Toe weird fasoination of the scene was fall npon him, and his heart answered to its changes as the strings of a harp ring to the fingers of the player. The bale wheeled round in airy circles, bnt they gained uoshare of bis attention. The insects hammed noisily around, but they passed uoootioed, and with his whole soul throbbing to the calm peace of the holy night, and every nerve quivering, till he could scarcely bear the paio, Forrester thonght many wild thoughts ae to what might have beeo. Suddenly the moonlight grew brighter around him. The very sir seemed to quiver in sympathy with the in tensity of his feelings, for to the epell of the beauties of o store was added the resistless charm of mueic. The notes rang out calmly, deliberately, and clearly, to the moonlight, from the piano. There was no hurrying in the performance ; it was firm, distinct, end soft. Slowly, still the fingers moved lovingly, pressing out the notes until the air was filled with the harmony, and the very light around him was brighter, thongb his heart beat more wildly, for with the first few notes he had re cognised Beethoven' "Moonlight Sonata."' The player had a touch which strongly re minded him of the last occasion on which be heard it, bnt there was a pathos in the manic, a passion, a wild abandon, that spoke of the moving of a deep sorrow, that Emily had never known. So he reasoned down his beating heart till the player had come to the wild agitation ot the last movement, when For rester, utterly unable to control hie feelings, stept from the verandah throngh the French window into the drawing-room. He went no farther than just inside the door, for, bending over the keye was a fair woman dressed in black, with a rich cluster of golden hair npon her shoulders, and each turn of the beautiful head reminded him of Emily Graham that had been— of Emily Mortimer that was. And that was j not the point. Had it been Emily Graham that rose from the stool, he might have told his love and eased hie pain, but being Emily Mortimer, the vision of the past brought back the weary load, and he oanld only repeat: "No hope, no hope." There was a moment of indecision on the part of Mrs. Mortimer, and then ehe said quietly, "Don't yon know mo, Frank J" and only got in reply, "no hope." And yet, thongb hie brain was almost turned again, and he had relapsed into hie old state of miod, there was something in her face that puzzled Forrester. He noticed her blade dress, and a gleam of light seemed to enter his mind. He never knew how it happened, but the next minute she woe paeaionatdy dasped to his breast, with her fair head hidden upon hia shoulder, ae he hoarsely questioned her : " What does this mean I Are you playing me falser' She could only asy, "Don't yon know, Frank? Mr. Mortimer is dead: was thrown from his horse a week after we were married, and never spoke again." There was a solemn pause, and then they passed ont into the moonlight, and into " that old world which is new." Emily has had to tell that ahe cams there by sodden t, and knew nothing of Frank being there, and Frank, with his arm aronnd his only love, has learnt why there was no hope, and is quite satisfied, and as the secret only added a new glory to Emily's self- denying disposition, and concerned thoae two only, no one else is likely to know it. Frank has an abundance of briefs now, and is a wealthy man. He baa his house some distance ont of town, and many people wonder why he keeps that ragged old tree In front of it, spoiling the view; tmt if they ask Mrs. Forrester, she only smiles, and mysteriously attributes it to the infioenoe of the Moonlight Sonata. 