^mtta* ILtUSIVE VISIONS. Mobibh solenoe hai made ns aware tbat tbe old belief in apparitioni rested on BOlbiDg more tbsn illative itDciee oaawd by. seme kind of pbysies.1 derangement of the perron eo aStotsd. It is important tfaat young pwoBs should be made thoroughly aware ol tbe lict tbtt there never was and never .will be anyeoou Uncy whioh is not capable of being explained npou natural grounds. A perion in week health, though in pttfeet poneuios of all hit fioultlte, begins to be troubled by walrlng vicioni of persons- with whom bo may be familiar, or who o»y ba*e been long dead, or who sometimes may appear u rerfeat atraBcars to him. The ?cectrea who Bit bsfors him, 'coo. like shadows' and 'to depart.' They, represent, Jn the Dost psrfect manner, the reprodootlont of Iblon thai are or wets— utterly Intantlbls creations. The subject of these vUitations may beat the speoires coDv»r««, and they may even talk la turn to him. He it perfectly swan ol their visionary nature, and li as eonvlnoed of their unreality as Is the ?rl»nd who sees them not, and to wbom the phuutoms are deseribed. No suspicions of iusans delusion as to these visitations can be entertained 'or a moment, and the question may therefore naturally be put to tba nan ot aclenoa, 'How cub thns illations be sMounted t or f' Tbe aassrer istobefoaed In one ot tbe simplest studies in the physi ology ot nerves and of mind, and -shear* us that these illusions have a mat«rl»l basla. or (bat, Id tbe words of tbe post, tbe ' llalow proves theanbitinoe true.' To thoroughly tluoid.te the subjeot ot illations within a brief space, we may begin by wleoting one or two fllnitratioDS ol illctlvs vision, suoh as have bnen recorded lor instruction and edlfiotion In tbe pages ot tLe PDysMnRlst. Oo- of the best known cun— deriving its interest from the luctthtt the sutjict of the visitations iu. question bimtelt narrates tbe locts— litnaioi iw.coin, a well-SDOHO cltlitnaud bookieller ol Berlin, who resd a-i aeoouat of his cms before the Berlin Ao«.i»mv of Selsacw. Wu .b«.'l give the aoooant iu bis own words. 'Danug ike few l«ttur months of the your i;00.' says Nieolal, ' I had experienced sevvml melin eboly )DOi(ienIs, which deeply aff.eled .tee, ptrtioularly ia September, from which lima I f offered an elmoet unintenopteil series of mtilortanee, that tOeoved me with tbe noil puigoani Rrief. I was aoons'omsd to bo bled twice a year, and (bit has been done once on the 9.u ol July, but was omitted to bs (epeattd at the end nl the year 1700. . . I had, in January and February oi -be year 1701, the additional mtsf--riune to fxperienoe snvural extremely uoplitarsclcircumsiangei, which were followed on the 24th ol February by s most violent alleroalion. My wife and aoaher person oame into my Apirtment in the morning in order to oencole me ; but I was loo much agitated by a series of incidents whioh had most powerfully nfleoted my morn! iciing, -o be oapabto of attending to them. On a sudden, 1 perceived, at abuul the dUlanoe ol ten BiepB, a form like that ul a deoeased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if (be did cot see it. It was tui natural that she should not' see anything; my question therefore alarmed her my much, and she sent immediately for a pbygi olan. Tue phantasm cuntluued for Bume minutes. I grew at length more calm, nud being extrenn 1; cxbiuited, fall iulo a rest lues sleep, wl/ieh latted about half-an-hgnr. The physician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped ihere would be no return ; but tbe violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produoed further cousi quenoes, nhioh deserve « more minute description. ' At fjur in the afternoon, the form whioh I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by raystlf when tuiB happened, and being rather uneasy at tbe incident, went to my wifu'n spurtmsnt; but thete likewise I was persecuted by the farm, which, however, at intervals disappeared, and alwavs pre sented iteelf in a standing poBtnre. About six o'olook there appeared also several walkiug OgnrsB, whioh had no connection with tbe first. After the first day, the form of the dcoeaied person no more appeared; nnlitt place was Bupplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances but moatly strangers: those whom I knew, were com posed of living and deceased penoas, liat the number of tbe latter wae comparatively small. . . When I-ehutmyeyi's these formB would sometimes vanish entirely, thongh there were instances when I beheld them with my eyes closed ; yet, when they disappeared on snob occasions, they generally returned when I opened my eyes. . . They all ap peared to me Id their natural site, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting diSerent shades ot carnation in tbe uncovered parts, at well as different colours and iasbions in tbelr dresses, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real nature ; none of (he figurea appeared particularly terrible, comi cal, or disgusting, most of them being of aa indifferent shape, and tome presenting a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more frequently did the; return, while at the same time they inenaeed in number about four weeks after they had first appeared. I also began to bear them talk; sometimes arsons them selves, but more frequently they addrepued their dissourse to me ; their epaeobes being uncommonly short and never of an unpleas ant tnrn. At different limes there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both eekei, wh'»e addresrea tended to appease my grief, which had not yet wholly eubsided ; their consolatory apeeeb.es were fn g'nral addressed to me when I was alone. Some times, however, I was aoooBled by tbese con soling friends while 1 was engaged in cempany, and not oofreqaently while real persons were (peaking to me. The consola tory addresses consisted sometimes of abrupt phrates, and at other times they were regularly exeented.' Buoh wat Kioolai's aooount ol the phan tom-visitors who sddretsed and consoled him in hit domestic affliellon. It ia interesting to pursue aUll further his aoeonnt ot their disappearance. Tbe 'leaner will reoolleet tbat Nioolal had negleoted to repeat at the' e»-d ot 1790 (he blood-letting ia which it was customary in the days we speak of lor our' forefathers to indulge. It wat at iaat deeided that lecoheB shonld be n«ed, and on SOth April, 1791. a» eleven o'elook in tbe mom ing, Nioolai informs tit the operation was performel. 'No person,' be ooniinoes, ' was with me besides' the surgeon. \ but dur ing the operation my ohamber was crowded with human tiilons of all desoripiions. This sontinned nnlolerruptedly till about ' baifan hour alierfour o'olook, jatt wh«n my digett tloo oommenoea. ? I then perceived that they began to' move taore elowly. iBocn alter, their colour began to fade, 'and at seven o'oloek they were entirely white. ' But they moved very little, though the forms were as distinct a» .before; growing, 'however, by degrees toors obscure, yet not tewer in nnm beLrjuitieeneraUy been ihe case. .. They now eeemed to diuolve Id the air, while' fragments of some of them eonUnned virible tor a conelderable Htrie. Abjut eight js'ejdekJb* room wait enttrdy cleared c! my fantaslle lUltors. Bines thai lime,' adds Niiolal, ' 1 hate fell Mee W three tlmea a jeosation as il they were golcg to rekpptar, without, however, aotuallypseelng snythlbg. The asms sensation eurprlied me |ott belore. I 4r»w op thlsaeebunli'irnnelwas txattUn. ln- »nine papers relative tbthMs pVi»nnmeba, *hloh I had dr.|m npin tteiMt 1791^ ' Biich jsa bUwrioal ?Boounlol what nay appear to the senses pi ? 'Mia tod reuoBable iodtvldnal. Before eu'terwgonihelr eolen UtVe ixplsniUon U wiU ;te-lrlaaWe Id^IW; ?on* or |«o farther erunples jof ihe jheno?; iSBMiVJn «*sstibp. JOn liewntion »f toe Ere uhloh aeslroyed-ptri it the Omtsl Palace, in the winter of lS66t,»-art ofthe tttncgtrielitS *?« ttattflM » Ih* Sutu. The cbimpuCM, however, w»s. believed io have eteaped . from bis cigs, and was presently seen on tbs mot »ods»vouring to ssve uinuelf by clutoblng iu wild despair one «f the iron beams ?blob, tbe fire had spared. Tbe straggles of tbe animal were waUwed with an iuteaN curiosity mingled with horror and sympathy for tbe supposed fate wbieb awaited the unfortunate . monkey. What was the surprise of the spectator! of an Imminent tragedy to -find 4bat.4tae .objeet whioh, in tbe guise of a tsntjDeu ape, bad exeited tbeir fears, resolved itself into a pieeeol atnvst blind, co-tattered, tbat to the »jo of tbe imaginatloo and «hen moved by lbs wind, it presented the e»ot eonntsrpMt of ? straggling animal I Sash »n fxampla ii of «-peal-l taltrtti, bscause it provia to ns that not ens person ?lone, but a large number of spsetators may bs deceived by an objsot imperfectly seen— and aided in ths lllution by a vivid imagina tion—Into faocylng all the deUllt of a ?peotadt of whlsb tbe oblst actor it entirely a myth. A *luRultr ease haa been given on strict medical authority of a lady, who, watkieg from Peerhjn to F»lmonth— her mind being occupied with the subject et drinking fountains— was certain sh« saw la the road a mwiy-erreted fonntaia, beatieg the inacrip tloD, ' If any man thirst, let him oome noto me and drink.' At a matter of coarse she mentioned her interest in seeing suoh .an erteeioB to tb« daughters ot the gentleman who wu t opposed to hava plaosd the fountain in its position.* They assured tier that so soon fountain waa in ealsteoee ; but, con vincea |of tbe raallty of her seises on Hie ground that 'seeing is believing,' she repaired to the spot where she liai seen the fountain, cnlj to find,' hovevar, a ie»r scattered etoaea in place cf the expected erection. We may nosr turn to contldwthesolentiflo explanation ol snoh enrious phenomsna in human txlatence. The ctutet of these illusions are not difBouit to understand, siece they Id reality depend upon a slight derange-, meat cf the powers whereby we see and hear in en ordinary and normal method , To make our mMBiDK dtar, let oi briefly consider what takes plaos lu ordinary sratatlon, when we ses or hear tbs objects and souods of every-dsy ?xlsteDce.'The eye allghtiog on an at jecc trantfors an impression of that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of sight, whioh leads from the eye to the part of the bralu exercising the seats of aisht. We in reality do not ata with the eye. Tout organ is merely an arrangement of lenses adapted to receive, fooua, and otherwise tdjutt lays of HtfA etretmlug from th« objects we see. Tne (unction of the eye it simply that of actuating and correlating the epnditiona necraatry for the production of an Impreatton. This impression la carried in due couise to a special p»rt of tbe bruin, where it becomes traaaformod Into a special notation— tbat of fight. We tbut truly test not with tho «yr, hat with tut brain, or tathtrwilh thai portion of the brain which. Uei in dir«l relation until the vervct of tight. The eye repreaeuts tho lemes of the photographer's camera; but the brain corn aponds to the stnsitlvs plate which rseelret the Image of the titter, and on wbleh all aubst-quent »lter«liuna of the image are effected. Of the other stnaet, the same prominent feature may alao be expreiaed — namely, tbat in the brain and nut In tlie mere organ ol aenat must bs allocated the tru« aeit of knowledge. Toe ear modifies wavet of sound ,-but It is the bniu whioh distinguishes, appreciatei, and acts upon the Information cunvayed by the organ ef hear ing. The fingor touones an object ; but the ?eat of knowledge doet not eilat at the extremity of the hand. Ti e iiupreation of touch Is duly conveyed to the brain u before, there to be analyttd, commented upon, and, If necessary, acted upon aa well. On the appreciation of the tlmple fact that the brsin is ifae true seat of the tmet rests the whole explanation ol the ghoata and apparitions which occasionally attend the fnotatepa and meet the eyes of humanity. When we are coneolous of looking at a teal otijeot, a (euslllun «f tight it formed in the brain, at we have utrn. Such a tentttlon we called an 'objective' one, because it ie derived from a veritable objoct, SoaUo, when we hear a tune played by a perron whom wo see, or of whose eiieteooe, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called ''subjec- tive.' But there are many familiar inetanoea in which tbe power ot the mind to xeproduoe tbe sensations, sights, and eounds we have received is demonstrated. Toe day-dreamer can sometimes bring the scenes in wh-oh lie haa onoe taken part eo vividly before bis mental gate, tbat his reverie may aotually be broken by tbe words whioh UDOoasoiously fioir from his lips as his imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint imitation ot a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before our Belves tbe tonne and BOenes whioh have onoe been objectively present with us. In tbe ' dream thia power is Illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness, so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which si buey brain ie reproducing, or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends ot its fancy to form the ludiorous com binations we are familiar with in tbe ' land of Nod.' And if we carry the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking momenta, to form the ghosts ot coience, the explanation ol the otherwise curious and mjBleiioun subjeot of illusive visions will be complete. Wo know then that the brain has (he ordinary power of forming images which may be projected outwards }n the form of the fancies of svery-day life. Bat tbeae projected tenetst may grow into plain and apparent leDsatiooe or images under the requisite oon ditions. When we hear ?? a ringing in the etre,' we know perfectly well that no objective sonnd exlBti, and toientifiotUy we Bay that the sensation of hearing in .snob a etsa is an internal or subjective one. When we see flashes of light whioh bars no exUtenoe in .the outtide world on wMoh we happen to be gating, we explain tbeir ocourreuoe in tbe same way. Mow, on such a bails, the gbosta of ctlenoe an both raited 'and 1»U. Toe images and phautomt of Nioolal, )tke:ihe epsrki or flashea of light, are subjective ian eatioDs. They arise, in other words, from ?o'me irritation oi'tbtt p'irt of the brain wbioh wonld bare received tbe imprMsionj of sight had the objects in question had an aetnal eilttenoe. But the (ubjeot also involves ? reference (b bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will be foond that illuilvs viiiool appeir only when the te«llh of the subject of these viattattous it in « weakly (tats. The derangement of the health ia the primary oaute tit these ourlotu ' sTtaiea. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that manf ot the pbarjtatmi ot Nioolai were persons whom he knew. 8aoh Viilpns 'then may be supposed to elmply represent 'the' effects ot very recent fjnagjj whioh had been reoelted and stored in the brain, and which were evolved by the exersUe ot 'ahsohialoni memory. Of the deeeuea penons whose Imtges spp«trea to blm, the tame remark may be made— memory agalb rBproduoinBrf by the subjective iraprossioTiB of tbe'TjraSn, the fonns of dead trieodS.; But what; it inay be aakefl, jot the etrange visions whom' Nioolai aid not teoogoise)1 TBereVly^loh»aeJioa*»tft-.thalttese but ; wnfjni^iJpQ -.otfnUH^^oi^ ~nvu6mbbr^ ;?;, rrj jrf^.^jt $L'l'- ?%^j!fcl *-l -£&*&, ftjl ,, ...rt,.., ? vVenta srnuin iiave^Deen amjrresseu utereon, bntjwj^'-hi^ #oaj^, WniiSmVran* by OrttittB^r^ln6^or^.Sv4hrJiecDeiractecBH)honi NiobUt jmay ^ave Bimplf Jieard deeoribefi a^o^ld -h&liibhut; .'produced, &nd; present JUp inepiory. laiilliat.,; The brain,. in otiier; irSrdt.^ecistea and remembera more W |»mpii-M4vtuveiij^ or persons onoe Men formed Hie mysterioni etransjers of HicoUi's waking dreama. T- . . It is not«»orUiytliat,only»iter along period of visitattonfrorohisfanUsUofriends, did Nicolai begin to hear them speak. Thns the sense «f hearing ti»A also oome in time to lend ita aid in prdpajraHng tie illusions; and the tact that {be. visions addressed Nioolai concerning hit own immediate affairs and hie personal griefs and toxrovrs, dearly shors lie nrjwmtrioni action of a mind which was brooding over Ita own trials, and which was evolving from wif'iln itaoif the comfort ftod oonso- ' lotion of kindly friends. Last of all, that the material baits of these visionary friends resided in^tbe weakly body of their host is provedby their dtotppearanoo on tceretanip tion of the customary blood-letting and tbe improvement ot the health— an additional faei showing tbe relation ol the hetltby body to tbs sonod mind. One ol tbe most interesting outs ol vision seeing by a person ol oulture and intelligraee is tbat related fn tba 4lhmcnun ot 10th Jar nary, 1880, by the Bsv. Dr. Jmtopp, who, in Lord Oitord'i library, when engaged in copying some literary notes, stw a lugs white hand, and tbiD, as be tellsui, perceived ' tbe figure of ? somewhat largi man, with his bask to tbe firs, bending slightly over lbs table, and apparently examining tbe pileof books I bad been »t work upon.' Ths figure wst dretted In some antique etmletlaetloal garb. Toe figure) vanished whenCr. Jetsopp made a movement with hit arm, bat re appeared, and agtin vanished when the reverend nairitor threw down ? bock with wh!i-b lie bad been engaged. Dr. JaMopp'* rselttl called forth considerable comment, and a letter bom Dr. Andrew Wilton ol Bdloborgh, presence' a theory bated on theprloolples of snbjeettveaenaatlons.trealea of in the pretent paper. After detailing the fashion iuwbloh subjective sensatlonBbeoome projected forsarai, Dr. Wilson lavs [Mhtnmm, 17ih January, 1880): 'The only point ooDoerning whiob any dubiety exists, coowtnt the exaet oryfo ol the' ipeoiflc images which appear as the re«ult of .sub jective sensory notion. My own idea it that almost invariably the projt cted Image it that of a person we have teen and read about. ? ? Ia Dr. Jmopp'e otte there it one fset which seems to weigh materially in favour of the ids* tbat tbe vision which sppeared Id him in Lord Orlord'a library was an nn oorsolons ri- produotion of Bom* mental imtgs or figure about which the doclor may very likely have concerned himself in tha way of antiquarian etudy.' It is most interesting to observe that in the succeed ing number of the Atheueum, a Sir. Walter Eye wrilesi 'Dr. A. Wilton's solution that the ' epestre' . . ' was an un conBoious r- production of sonie mental image or figureaboutwhichDr.JessGpp may very likely have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study, seems the right one, and I think I oan identify the ?ghost.' The ecclesiastically dressed huge man, with cloBely cut, reddish-brown hair, and Bhaved oheek, appears to me tbe doctor's remembrance ot the portrait of Parsons, the Jesuit Father, whom he calls, in his 'One Generation ot a Norfolk House,' 'the manager and moving epi.it' of the Jesuit mission in England. . . Dr. JcBsopp, when he thought he saw the figure, was alone in an old library, belong ing to a Walpole, and Father Parsons was the leader of Henry Walpole, the hero of bis just-cited book. Email wonder, then ton, if ths association of the ideas made him think of Parsons.' AU such illusive visions are thus readily explained as 'he creatures of an imagina tion whiob, through some brain dinturb imce, is enabled to project, its .visions forward, on the Beats of sense, as tbe ' ringing' in our ears is produced by some irritation ot the hearing-centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduction ot o. present memory, and the unknown vision is the reproduction of a forgotten figure which has, nevertheless, been Btored away in edme - nook or cranny of the memory-ohamber. Science may thus — ag we have before had frequent occasion to assure our readers — dUpel the illusion by its free explanation; and soience has no higher funoflon or nobler use than when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious, and brought within tbe sphere of ordinary knowledge. — Chamben Journal. s 