DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Annual Session of the Synod was opened by the Bishop of Adelaide at St. Peter's Cathedral at ,11 o'clock this morning, when the holy communion was administered, after which His Lordship delivered the following PASTOR&L; ADDRESS, 1880. Dear Brethren— The Synod.—When I addressed you last year the Synod had reached its twenty-fifth annual session. A quarter of a century had elapsed, during which the principles on which it was founded, and the provisions by which its proceedings were guided, had undergone several severe trials, but came out of the discussion unimpaired. With perfect freedom of debate, save "liberty restrained by order," the Bishop, clergy, and laity had met annually, and ventilated their complaints and opinions. Very rarely had the independent action of each been secured by recourse to voting by Orders. In no single instance for twenty-five years had the Bishop felt himself compelled to withhold his concurrence, and exercise a veto. We may say then, I think, that an Institution, at that time novel in its kind, consisting as it did of lay Synodsmen, in addition to Presbyters assembling in councils with their Bishop on equal deliberative terms, and tranquilly from year to year "taking counsel together for the support and extension of the ordinances of our church, the management of its property, and the maintenance of wholesome discipline"— this we may say (I think justly) is ground for devout thankfulness. Nor is this perhaps to be wondered at, when the original principles of the synodal constitution received the sanction of Archbishop Sumner, and were revised by the late Serjeant A. J. Stephens, perhaps the most deeply read ecclesiastical lawyer of the day. It is not unworthy of note that, while the Convocations of Canterbury and York, not representing the great body of the parochial clergy, nor the laity in any shape, have lost to some extent their ancient influence; so that Church Congresses have been convened in order to give freer vent to the opinions both of the clergy and laity, a still nearer approach has been made to the system,of Colonial churches in the "Diocesan Conferences" which have of late been summoned by different Bishops. Amid conflicting schools of thought, the "mind" of the whole Church on the " burning" questions of the day may thus be gathered through full discussion in those mixed assemblies in the several dioeeses. The threefold constitution of the Apostolic Church, as exemplified in the Council at Jerusalem, where the apostles, elders, and brethren met together to consider the question of Gentile circumcision, is still found elastic enough to admit free discussion and firm enough to reconcile it with deference to authority. Under the Holy Spirit may our Synod so be guided. Synodal Compact.—This Diocesan Church, though not as in England by law established, but based on voluntary compact, is competent to regulate its own internal affairs. That compact is based on this principle, viz.:—"The Diocese of Adelaide doth maintain the doctrine and sacraments of Christ as the Church of England receives the same, together with the Book of Common Prayer, and of Ordering Bishops, Priests, and Deacons." On this solemn agreement, made at the time when jurisdiction by letters patent from the Crown was judicially declared te be ultra vires, a compact made between the Bishop, clergy, and laity as members of the Church of England, a large amount of property was then and since has been placed in trust for their benefit. The Synod, incorporated under the Act of 1858, holds in trust a large portion of it in perpetuity. Thus is avoided the inconvenience and expense of renewing local trustees, and the danger of trusts lapsing. Both compact and property thus come under the protection of the Civil Courts. By union with the General Synod established at Sydney, October 23,1872, "the Church of England" is defined to mean the "Church of England in Australia and Tasmania." The Laws Ecclesiastical.—It has been asserted publicly that, there is no ecclesiastical judge in this colony. The Church of England here not being established by law, has, of course, no Court of Arches; nor do the members of the Church of England import with them the whole Law Ecclesiastical. By the compact, nevertheless, whenever any clergyman is charged with any of the offences stated in our Synodal Disci pline Regulations, and on being found guilty is sentenced to suspension or deprivation of benefice; alright of appeal lies to the Supreme Court, which can annul or enforce the sentence pronounced by the Bishop under the compact. That Court, however, will be bound by the decisions of the Ecclesiastical Courts at home and the decisions of the Privy Council. Mode of Procedure.—The facility of proceeding against any clergyman supposed to be guilty of an ecclesiastical offence is great. It two communicants in any of our congregations certify their belief, that any two other members of that or another parish preferring a charge in writing against the officiating clergyman of any church are worthy of credit, the Bishop is bound, "if it be matter of sufficient importance" to refer the charge to a Committee of Enquiry; on whose report it must be sent on for trial, or dismissed. Should any false doctrine then be preached, or illegal ceremonial introduced, offensive to any congregation, nothing can be easier than to bring the offender to account. This mode of procedure has, however, been studiously avoided; while public prejudice has been stirred up against certain clergymen not named, and with no specific charges preferred. The Bishop is commonly styled "a father" in God. At his consecration he is admonished to be to his flock, "A shepherd, not a wolf—feed them; devour them not!" He is to minister discipline "without respect of person." He is a Judge, not an Inquisitor or a Prosecutor for the Church. Under these circumstances to take an active part in Church party meetings, or Associations, would obviously compromise his impartiality as a Judge. In 1864 the then Archbishop of Canterbury was induced to give personal influence and countenance to the Church Union. This led in the following year to the formation of the Church Association; and thus the national Church was separated into two rival camps. I prefer that earnest men of different views should meet in a Synod as representatives of their parishes, and fairly discuss the grievances under which they think they labour. One-sided representations serve only to harden prejudices, and hinder mutual right understanding.as well as impartial judgment. No charges against any clergyman have as yet been made in the manner directed by Synod, and no clergyman here can be compelled to answer allegations made against him in any other manner. The Ornaments of the Church and of the Minister.—With regard to ritual, or ceremonial or vestments, or vessels and utensils, or furniture to be used in our churches, the decisions of the Ecclesiastical Courts, and of the Privy Council, are binding in this Diocese as an the Church at home. Let me briefly trace the history of the ritual questions which are stil perplexing the minds of many sincere members of our Church. They began to engage public attention in 1850, in which year the Gorham judgment on the baptismal question and the Papal aggression (met by an Act of Parliament on the Titles of Sees.) took place. Many years previously a great revival had commenced, and a far deeper interest taken in the principles and doctrines of the old historic Church of England. No one can be surprised at this who remembers the state of parish churches and parochial worship at the close of the great war with Napoleon I. A great effort was indeed needed to render both worthier of Him in whose name they were instituted. Deeper perceptions of revealed truth, a more awful sense of God's presence with His Church, the instinctive feeling of beauty needed in the worship of the sanctuary, and greater familiarity with the worship and ritual of the Continental Churches —all combined to spread and intensify this revival of zeal for the service of God; and if individuals acting on their private judgment in some particulars transgressed the bounds of usage, if not of law, it was and is the part of Christian wisdom to show these men, of undoubted self-denial, holiness, and labour of love, the error of their view, rather than hold up them and their motives to scorn and obloquy. The " Ornaments"—Rubric.—Taking ritual to be the proper expression of doctrine, the Ritualists conscientiously endeavoured to throw round both sacraments of the Gospel the sanctity due to ordinances appointed by Christ. It is well known, also, from the opinions delivered in some important ecclesiastical cases, that many of the most eminent Judges (Dr. Lushington and Sir John Patteson among others) pronounced the vestments of Edward the Sixth's first Prayer-book to be legal. This revival of disused vestments seemed to others to be an insidious attempt to Romanize our Church. Anglican Doctrine of the Eucharist.—It may be useful to some at least, if I here trace the course which, amid the conflicting opinions of that day on the doctrine of the Eucharist, our Reformers were guided to take. They chose what has been called the middle path—between a change of substance in the material elements on the one hand, and a bare memorial rite on the other. Rejecting Transubstantiation, they did not accept Luther's dogma of Consubstantiation.* Neither would they, with Zwingle, allow the Holy Sacrament to be the bare sign, the unreal figure of an absent grace. Hooker and Bishop Overall are the soundest expasitors * The fallowing extract from Luther's Catechism, as translated from that edited by Pastor C. P. Theodore Crome, 3rd ed., 1875. will show the views of that eminent "Protestant":—Q.—Dost thou believe that the true body and blood of Christ are in the Sacrament'/ A.—Yes, I believe it O.—What moves thee, then, to believe that? A.—The word of Christ— Take, eat: That is my body. Drink ye all thereof : That is my blood. Confession is also taught in the Luther's Smaller Catechism. Absolution is given in the following form:—"As thou believest, so be it done unto thee. And I, according to the command of our Lord Jesus Christ, forgive thee thy sins in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost Amen." Q.—Dost thou believe also that my forgiveness is God's forgiveness? A.—I do, dear Sir. of their doctrine; and, still later, Bishop Ken, in his Instructions to the scholars of Winchester College. Hooker explains thus the text "This is my body" This hallowed (consecrated) food, through concurrence of Divine power, is in verity and truth unto faithful receivers instrumentally a cause of that mystical participation, whereby, as I make myself wholly theirs, so I give them in hand an actual possession of all such saving grace as my sacrificed body can yield, and as their souls presently need." To this agrees Bishop Overall's answer in the Catechism to the question—"What is the inward part or thing signified in the Lord's Supper?" A. "The body and blood of Christ, which are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful"—i.e., in verity and truth by faithful receivers, as said Hooker. This is further explained at the end of the first part of the Homily concerning the Sacrament—"look up with faith upon the holy body and blood of thy God; marvel with reverence, touch it with thy mind, receive it with the hand of thy heart, and take it fully with thy inward man"— i.e., in the words of the office itself, "Feed on Him by faith with thanksgiving." Lastly, Bishop Ken expressed his matured opinion thus :—"O God Incarnate! how the bread and the wine, unchanged in their substance, become Thy body and Thy blood: after what extraordinary manner Thou who art in heaven art present, throughout the whole sacramental action, to every devout receiver, &c.;, &c.;, l ean by no means comprehend; but I firmly believe all Thou hast said, and I firmly rely on Thy omnipotent love to make good Thy word." Ultra-Ritualist View.—The Ultra-Ritualist who derives some support from Patristic theology, goes beyond this, and affirms that after consecration of the elements the glorified spiritual body of Christ is objectively and locally present in them, on the altar. He believes that in the outward visible element there is a heavenly gift given to us of God. This gift is in the Sacrament (i.e., the outward sign) by virtue of its consecration. It is there irrespective of our faith and love"—Church Quarterly Review, No. 17, vol. ix., October, 1879, p. 212. It should be noted how far this goes beyond the prayer of consecration in the office of our Prayer-book. There the celebrant offers the prayer—"That we, receiving Thy creatures of bread and wine, according to Christ's holy institution, in remembrance of His death and passion, may be partakers of His most precious body and blood." No change in the elements themselves is here indicated, but, like the clay and water to the eyes of the blind man at Siloam, the bread and wine become instruments conveying a divine and supernatural grace. The Vestments, &c.;—Consistently with this view, the whole cycle of ultra-Ritualist teaching and ceremonial is introduced—Sacrifice, altar, priesthood, Eucharistic adoration, elevation of the paten and cup, all intended to indicate such a presence at the Lord's Table and in or behind the veil or forms of bread and wine as when on the Mount of Transfiguration He was manifested to the three Apostles,Peter, James, and John. The vestments of Edward the Sixth's first Prayer-book, the alb and chasuble, &c.;, were thus adopted, regardless of offence given to the vast majority of the members of the Church of England. It has been pleaded [see the Church Quarterly Review of January, 1880] that the clergy who so acted "passionately long for the restoration of the beauty and dignity of worship." It would have been more candid to say they wish to express their belief that "after consecration there is in the elements by virtue of such consecration a heavenly gift, the glorified flesh of Christ" So, in spite of disuse from A.D.1566 to 1840, the Edwardian vestments began to be resumed. Their legality was at once questioned. But only lately has the Privy Council, on appeal in the case of Crofton v. Ridsdale, pronounced them illegal. Unhappily some of the clergy still deem it their duty to refuse submission to the law thus declared. Whether that judgment will undergo further revision I know not; but all must regret that any Minister of high character and devoted zeal should bring himself under the penalties of the law as interpreted by the highest Court of Appeal under the Crown of England. The Judgment.—It may not be useless to summarise the reasoning by which that judgment was arrived at. First, there is the admitted fact that from the year A.D. 1566 down to 1640 no minister celebrating the Holy Communion ministered in what are called the "Edwardian Vestments," viz., a white alb plain, with a vestment or cope; and for the assistant priests and deacons albe with tunicles. This long disuse for 274 years, it appeared to the Judicial Committee, could only be accounted for by "force of law" having occasioned and continued such general disuse of dresses previously legal. Under the Act of Uniformity of Elizabeth, chap. 2, the Crown had been empowered to take other order about them to secure uniformity. Accordingly letters patent were issued, requiring and enjoining Parker as Metropolitan (by whose advice Queen Elisabeth was to act) that "some orders might be taken," so that throughout the "whole realm the .people might quietly serve God in truth, concord, unity, and peace." Whereupon, Parker, "with the assent and consent of the Bishops (who were also Cominissioners for the purpose under the Act), put forth these "orders and rules" named "Advertisements" as temporal orders more ecclesias tical, i.e. " for the time." The Archbishop, moreover, was enjoined by the Council in the name of the Queen to enforce them by his own metropolitical authority. This was in accordance with clause. 16 of I. Elizabeth, chap. 2, though they never received the Sign-manual, nor the Great Seal. In spite of this omission, however, Lord Selborne, in the judgment, points out that Hooker, Bp. Andrews, Bp. Overall (who added the doctrine of the Sacraments to the Catechism), all allowed the legal authority of these advertisements. The Arch- Bishops and Bishops of both provinces enforced them in their visitations. They were noticed in the canons of 1603, authorized by the letters patent of James I. under the Act of Supremacy. The Prayer-book of James I., after the Hampton Court Conference, was in use, but no vestments. Laud, Ken, and Bancroft, all acted on the law as laid down by the Advertisements. The Prayer-book of James I. was restored to use in 1660, when the clergy were reinstated in their churches. Moreover, the Act of Uniformity of 1662, which legalized the present Player-book, declares in its 26th clause that all "good laws and statutes regarding the Book of Common Prayer should be in full force," &c.; No change was then made in the vestments used, and the Bishops themselves who inserted the present Ornaments Rubric never adapted them. No remonstrance was made by Sancroft and the nonjurors, and so the surplice and hood continued to be used in the parish churches as the recognised legal dress of the clergy. Copes only were ordered in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, as directed in the first Act of Uniformity of Edward. This, no doubt, was a compromise between the Puritan party and those who clung to the old English use of Sarum. But it is worthy of note that both the Canons of 1603, which refer to the Advertise ments in Canon 24, aa well as the Advertisement themselves, were drawn up by the Archbishops Bishops, and clergy of the Church, and enforced by their proper authority as Bishops and Archbishops with the simple concurrence of the Crown. Yet resistance to them now comes from those who denounce Parliamentary interposition in the internal concerns of the Church. The judgment further points out that the Ornaments Rubric is nothing more than a note in the Prayer-book which must be read in conjunction wtih the enacting and repealing clauses of the Act legalizing the Prayer-Book ; and that contemporaneous and continuous subsequent usage supplies the true key to the meaning of ambiguous documents. If, on the other hand, the disused vestments are the legal dress, then for 274 years every bishop, priest, and deacon has been guilty of a breach of the law. Secular State Education.—At the present time, however, a far more important question than that of dress ought to engage the attention of the whole body of the Church. That question is, how fax a purely secular system of State education will tend to form the future moral character of the "million." I have been at pains to look through the series of elementary spelling and reading books, and I am bound to say that in many pretty stories they do inculcate the fear and love of God, as well as the morality of the Ten Commandments. Of Gospel revealed truth, however, I failed to see more than casual notice. I did not observe tbe name of Jesus Christ once introduced. Our State education, then, if Theistic, is not Christian; so that after nineteen centuries we can only say that tbe Civil power, though not persecuting the Church, is decidedly neutral as regards the claims of tbe Gospel. It is right that tbe Christian people of this colony should clearly understand how their rulers have legislated in .regard to Christian education. The Roman Catholics (I speak it to their praise) have resolved that with respect to their children elementary secular education shall not be severed from religious dogmatic teaching. The Christian Brothers and the Sisters of St. Joseph, with admirable zeal and self-denial, undertake thetask of supplying the young members of their Church with combined religious and secular education. The other portions ot the Christian community, although glorying in their Puritan descent and allegiance to the inspired Word of God, nevertheless with singular inconsistency boast that they have fought the fight and won the battle of secular education—that is to say, of ignoring the Gospel in State education. With few exceptions, such as the Pulteney-street .School, and St. Paul's School, those at Walkerville, Vankalilla, Morialts, and St. Peter's Collegiate School, the State system has become, I believe, all but universal. What is the cause? Unquestionably the sinful divisions of the Church of Christ. The various religious bodies under different denominations stand apart. Certainly it is not the mission of the civil power to make known the Gospel to the " lambs of Christ's Sock," Yet so far as practicable it is wisdom to give help te its being done. Sound religious teaching will repress crime and prevent vice. But how shall the children hear , it without a teacher ? Difference of Religious Views.—As to differences of religious views, surely there is a very large measure of Bible history and gospel truth which all who call' themselves Christians hold in common. To that extent, at least. State teaching might go, and the advantage of the majority should overrule the opposition of the minority. In England, where the battle of secular education was fought and the rights of conscience secured, the chief Boards of Education—London, Birmingham, and other centres of population—have taken steps to reintroduce Scripture-reading into the Board schools. The British and Foreign Society schools has always caused the Scriptures, without note or comment, to be read io their schools. In the Irish National Schools selected portions of the Bible are read. The old Sunday catechetical teaching of the young in the Church of England dates from its first Book of Common Prayer in 1549\. In the service for baptism of children the instruction was limited to the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Ten Commandments. What measure, then, of religious teaching is by Law allowed in the State schools of South Aus tralia ? The reading of Scripture i? permitted for one-quarter of an hour at least before the time fixed for secular instruction to commence. Sectarian or denominational comment is prohibited. The Actof 1875' says, in clause 9," the schools may open in the morning a quarter of an hour at least before the time fixed for secular instruction to commence, for the purpose of reading portions of the Holy Scriptures in the authorized or Douay versions. The attendance of children at such reading shall not be compulsory, and no sectarian or denominational religious shall be allowed in any school." British and Foreign School Society.—This appears to be identical with the system of the British and Foreign school system. In the divided religious constitution of our population, I think any other State system would be unacceptable, yet some modification might perhaps be admitted without contravening the principle of religious equality on winch the State system is based. I am sorry that I am unable to state that more than a few, if any, ministers _ of any Church or denomination habitually avail themselves of this permission. This being the ease, I think that the principle of Bible-reading might be carried out by the State school teachers, with the sanction of the Minister of Education. I say this the more confidently because I observe that Mr. John Bright is a " supporter of the old British school practice of reading a portion of Scripture, without note or comment, in Board Schools." "If," he says, " you go beyond this, you will find yourselves in great difficulties, without doing anything to promote peace or religion." The reading of selected Scriptures has also the warm approval of Professor Huxley, and is, in fact, sanctioned by our Act, Which directs - portions" of Scriptures to be read. Backed, also, by Mr. Chamberlain's views, expressed in resolutions of the Birmingham School Board, that " they saw no barm in reading the Bible or in the learning of elementary morality," I would propose then the following plan of carrying out this principle of religious teaching sanctioned in our Act ~— Scripture Selections.—A selection, such as that prepared for the National Schools of Ireland, used indiscriminately for the scholars, whether Anglican, Roman Catholic, or Presbyterian, might be submitted to a conference of delegates from all the religious bodies in the province.; and the selection, when adopted, should receive the sanction, as a school book, of the Minister of Education. Then, at the opening of the schools, for a period not exceeding -one half-hour before the time fixed tor the commencement of secular teaching, the master and his assistants, or persons approved by them, or registered ministers of religion, should reverently read in the general room, or separate schoolrooms, the portion appointed for tbe day without note or comment beyond mere verbal explanation. This finished, let the teacher or his deputy reverently read the Lord's Prayer, the-children repeating it with him. There would then only remain " elementary morality" to be taught; and how can this be taught so well as by learning the Ten Commandments and catechising in them ? Once a week they should be repeated by all the scholars. So much, I think, might be conceded to the strong wish I believe of the majority of Christian parents without offending (the attendance being voluntary) any one's conscience. Thus the basis of practical religion would be laid in reading of selected Scriptures, the use of the prayer taught by our Lord to His disciples, and the learning by heart the Ten Commandments. I do not put this forward as a substitute for the fulness of Christian education by parents and their minister; but in this country of professing Christians it wonld be at least a public recognition of God Almighty and of the Christian dispensation of grace. The Bishop of Melbourne on State Education in Victoria.—I am well aware also that it falls far short of the liberal proposal made by the Bishop of Melbourne,viz. (1) to subsidize Roman Catholio schools, and (2) to require the State school teachers to read and expound the Scriptures verbally and morally, theological comments or explanations being excluded. Objections to the Scheme.—It would, as appears to me, lower the Gospel into a simple irmn^fi of Christian benevolence and morality. But religion and morality are indissolubly bound together in the one person of Christ. " What God has joined together let no man put asunder," for morality would so lose its motive and religion its moral power. Secondly, it would place one portion of the community in a more favoured position respecting education than the rest, I should be thankful, therefore, if the scheme above suggested were tried in our State schools. Our education would then ally itself with Christianity as well as Theism. Tbe schisms in the Church of Christ seem to render any other scheme impossible. The large majority of our population would, I hope !and believe, accept it. Pulteney- street and other Church of England Schools.—Experience, too, lends force to this belief. The dread of proselytizing is proved to be groundless. Pulteney- street School (a Church of England institution) retains the reading of Scripture daily at the opening of school in its several classes, accompanied by explanation by the master and his assistants. There is a special clasB on Fridays on the Catechism of the Church of England. No child is compelled to attend this, though every one may do so. During fifteen years not more than one parent has objected to his child joining the Scripture das < —he was Roman Catholic. On the first openin • of the State Model Schools the number o scholars fell from about 300 to about half Gradually the number rose again to 339, Sep tember, 1878. It is now 336, and this in spit of another large State School in Flinders-street and another in North Adelaide, and one at Nor wood. From January, 1879, to December 31 106 children (principally from the Model and other State Schools) have found their way to Pulteney-street. Religious teaching is thu* proved to be attractive rather than repellent Besides this instance of religious schooling Dean Russell, in his school in Flindersstreet, Archdeacon Dove at Walkerville, Rev. C. Morse at Yankalilla, and a<£ Morialta Mrs. Honner, experienced no difficulty on the score of religious teaching. Compulsory instruction will be resisted; but when the attendance is voluntary very few parents object to " elementary Scripture teaching" for their children. On the contrary, they are thankful for it, finding its beneficial effects on the conduct, language, and manners of the young. In these matters I am . informed that hundreds of children assembled in the State schools are manifestly deficient. Education of Clergy.—Among the other sub jects of anxious thought at this time is the supply of a duly educated clergy for our Parishes and Missions. We cannot expect an adequate supply from the Universities and Theological seminaries of the mother country. The increasing number of churches and parishes in England and Wales is not yet met by a sufficiency of such well-educated priests and deacons. The demand is further enlarged by the wants and openings of seventy Colonial and Missionary dioceses! The ties of heme are in themselves strong and not easily severed. Except in the larger towns, or the metropolis of each colony, there are few parishes or endowments equal to those of the mother Church. Doubtless colonial life has its charms in the enterprise and energy and faith which it demands; but the educated clergyman may fairly expect something more than a bare subsistence Enough at least should be secured to place him above the anxieties of a small and precarious income. If, too, in addition to narrowness of income, the " power of the purse" is to be dangled before his eyes, a low- toned and subservient ministry must be the result, and the Church of England in this colony will never attract to its ranks manly and intelligent minis ters. Theology and Training.—What steps, then, has our Church taken towards supplying clerical education for the yoath of the colony, who may be moved by the Spirit to give themselves to the service of the sanctuary ? Private munificence in other bodies of Christiana has provided Union College. All honour is due to their effort. With the aid of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, I have a hope of commencing a Training School for theological students, and for chorister boys of the Cathedral. The power of sacred harmony in divine worship is signally illustrated by the large congregations of the Cathedral, _ which find refreshment and strength in attending them every Lord's Day. This school, to be named St. Barnabas, received, while I was in England, many donations from retired colonists living in London,andamong them my thanks are specially due to several donors not of our Communion. Changes in the Colony.—The revolution now going on in the tenure and occupation of the public lands of this colony has unsettled the means and prospects of the pastoral proprietors, and not yet supplied the agriculturists with more than a bare return for their capital and labour. Still, it is all-important that the aspirations of young colonists to serve God in the ministry of His Church should not be crushed. If year by year one or two students in theology could be prepared for holy orders, the crying spiritual destitution of the members of our Church in the Areas or distant runs might be not wholly unsatisfied. In so large a country as South Australia, so sparsely peopled, the Voluntary system is being put te a severe test, whether it can . supply with any degree of adequacy the ministrations of religion throughout the colony. It is God's ordinance that they who preach it should live of the Gospel; live, that is, with the ordinary conveniences of single or married life. At the present time, from the dislocation and dispersion of the agricultural population, it has become exceedingly difficult to settle resident incumbent ministers. The occasional visit of a missionary chaplain, on the other hand, is necessarily a weak substitute for the care of a houseto- house visiting pastor. We are thus madeto feel the blessing conferred upon our forefathers when parishes were marked out, and a priest was placed in each to minister to the spiritual welfare of the people. God "loves the cheerful giver." He only can provide the remedy for the present destitution of the ordinances of religion, by stirring the hearts of the faithful people to provide better for the education and maintenance of the ministry. r . ^ Amid all the conflicting political, social, and religious opinions of this day, one thing is certain: that while Eastern mythology or Creature - worship, Greek philosophy, and Roman heathenism have ended in the demoralization and debasement of the human race, the Gospel of Jesus is the unique source of whatever is of value in our nineteenth century civilization. It is the " salt of the earth," which has saved man from utter corruption; which alone has power to restore him to the innocence of Paradise, or fit him even for the true Elysium of Paganism. Brethren, let ns not be ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; and " God forbid that I or you should glory save in the Cross of Our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the werld." 