NEWS OF THE DAY. Messrs W. Siddeley and Co. have received a tflegram from Captain Ticohurst, dated Aden, 25th April, announcing the safe arrival at tbat port of thes.s. Somersetshire, whioh left Mel- bourne on the 23rd u't. Our celebrity to-day is H.R.H. the Princo of Walee. Our next will be Mr George Augustus Sala, the well-known journalist. Dr Guillasse, of the French Navy, reports that, in the early stages of the disease, coffee sjalmost a speaifio against typhoid fever. He gives to adults two or three tablespoonfulB of strong block ooffee every two hours, ' alternat ing with one or two teaspoonfuls of claret or Burgundy wine. The Scientific American eays : — "Tho beneficial effect is immediate. A. little lemonade or citrate of magnesia should be given dally, and after a while quinine." The hearing of the action, Murphy v Niohol- son, was continued in the County Court, to day, before his Honor Judge Cops and a jury of four. The plaintiff, who is tho landlord of the Barkly Arms Hotel, Willlainstowu, seeks to recover damages from the defendant, who is a laborer at tho Sogar Works, Yarra- ville, for malicious prosecution iu October Izst, when the defendant, proceeded against the plaintiff in the police court for having, as alleged, robbed him of L2 10s while stopping in the plaintiff's hotel, oa a certain night, Thecsssfor the plaintiff was concluded to-day, and that for the defendant was boing heard when we went to press. The further hearing of a compulsory certifi cate application in tho estate of Patrick M'Donald, of Geelong, merchant, took place in the Insolvency Court to-day, beforo his Honor Judge Noel. The only witness examined was MrHenryBannietsr, who had been employed ns accountant by tho insolvent, and whose evidence was intended to show that the insol vent had kept proper accounts, and that an alleged deficiency of over L15.000 was covered by bills. Mi Phillips appeared for th- trustee and Mr Lawes for the insolvent. Argue mentswere proceeding when we wentto press. In the Insolvency Court to-day, Mr Prcn- dergast applied to his Honor Judge Noel, that the certificate of Ellen Spencor, of Fitzroy, hotelkeeper, should not issne till shs had paid the costs <-f Messrs Fitzgerald and Perrin, Car ter and Cayle, opposing creditors. Ha com plained that he had received no notice of the proceedings on Saturday when tho insolvent's certificate was ordered to isBue, she having paid 7s in the pound,His Honor said Mr Prendergast was not entitled to notice, nor the creditors to costs. Inspector Donald prosecuted Ingram, a gardener, in the District Court to-day, for selling butter out of the market without a lioense, and refusing to pay the daes when called upon, the amount being only one shilling. The case was dismissed, through non-attendance of a witness. Mr C ill, how ever, warned defendant that he was liable to a fine of L5, Mr Gillott, for the proseoution, raised a protest against the dismissal. He pointed out that ten shillings had been paid to the witneBi as expenses, and he submitted that an adjournment should have been granted to him. The bench remained inflexible, yet consented that the decision should be entered U3 a nolle prosequi, so as not to prejadlce future proceed ings, The witness turned up during this argument, bnt the bench refused to tako his evidence, having entered up the decision. Shortly after nlno o'clock this morning Ser geant Parkinson noticed two lads driving a horse in a cart, th- harnoss on the animal being spotted with blm d. He called after them to stop and allow him to inspsot the animal, but they refused and drove off. He procured a cab and purauod them down the Brighton road, and after a long chase overtook them, Tue unfor tunate animal was quite knocked up, It being hardly able to stand when overtaken by ths naggnnette. An examination showed both shoulders to bo badly galled, a running sore on each side being ia'd open with the chafing of the collar. There wm also a wound under the bully, caused by the girth, and the mouth was cut and bleeding. The animal was re moved to the lock-up yard, where its emaciated app3aranoi excited the commiseration of all who saw it, and the bench fined the lad in chnrge of It, whose name was Charles Morrell, HO, or two months in gaol, Tho horso will bo put out at livery, and the father of the prisoner summoned for the costs. Upwards of one hundred applications were received to- day by Mr Weigall, secretary to the permanent committee, for the post of Inspector of public charities iu Melbourne. A sub-committee was electsd to deal with the applications, from which the names of twelve candidates will be selected and referred to the permanent committee, who will make the final a pointment. An interpleader case came under the notice of tue Pranran Bench this morning. Soma time ago a person named Seville became in debted to Henry Green, who carried on business as a grocer, in the sum of £3 9s 2d. This was sued for and a verdiot obtained at the local court. _ The money not being paid, a warrant to distrain was issued, ana satisfied by Constable Brennan on Wednesday last. As that time a Mrs Allan, widow of a late pawnbroker in Stephen street, appeared upon t-ho ecene and laid oiaim to the property seized, which she stated belonged to her as part of the estate of one Phillips, since deceaeed, which was purchased by her husband, The constable summoned both parties to tho eonrt this morn ing, when Mrs Allan attempted to prove that it w her property by identification, Btati-ig that Snville had purchased it from her on tho time-payment system. The benoh, however, did not consider thiB sufficient proof of owner ship, and the case was adjourned until Thurs day next upon payment of the coBts, which came to hi 8s. An action hae been commenced in the County Court, Geelong, In which a prominent citizen of Melbonrne is sned for L240 damages for an assault upon a farmer at Queenscliff, The case has arisen out of the rowdy disturbance whioh took place at an hotel in the latter town a few months ago. John Shnttlawortb, a jookey, late in the em ploy of Mr Blair. Tooralc, aad living In Green Btreet, committed suicide on Satnrdav evening, in the Yarra, near Toorak. He left ' bis coat, hat and vest on the bank, and jumped in. The splash was heard by parties who found the clothes. The body oould not be found. It is said that Shuttioworth had been drinking, and was out of employment. Au inquiry as to the oauses whioh led to the groundiDg of the Assam on the St. ICilda bank on her last trip from Galle to Melbourne wsb commenced at the offioes of the Steam Navigation Board this morning. Three unim portant witnesses were examloed, but owing 10 the absenoo of Captain Payne, through the rdlsposltijn of his daughter, the further hear- .ng of tl e matter wus adjourned till to mor- OW afternoon at half-past two o'clock. During the last fortnight, whilo the steamer Golarn Crown hoe been laid up for the half, yearly overhaul, she has been thoroughly attended to. Hor boilers and much? iory have bosn examined by Mr Wilson, Government Engineer, atjd havo been repaired andrenovatod wher e required to bis entire sstlsfnctinn. 'Pn« same can bfl' said of the hull, whioh has been similarly attended to by Mr Eider, Government Surveyor. In our advertising' column? the steamer is notified to oommeoco her winter running on Saturday next, let May, at the usuul hour, from Snndridge. On Snoday she leaves one hour later than usual,- namely, II a.m. The fares are considerably reduced, which should Induce many whojcould not affurdl formerly to travel to avail themselves of tho t.dp down the Bay, \- ? .1 Police are making active Inquiries into the causes which led to the fire a'hioh took place lost week on the premises of MY Clark, draper, Errol street, Hotham. Detective K«n- uody has been entrusted with the conduct of the matter, and he has recommended tbat acoronial inquiry Bhould be held. This will take placo some time during the week. The twenty-fourth annual general mooting of tho proprietors of tho Colonial Bank of Australasia wab h<)ld to-day, at the Athpnaum ; the hon. W. J. Olarko in the chair. There were about forty gentlomen present, and entire satisfaction was expressed at tho prosperous state oi the bank's affairs, and the report and bolanoe sheet, whioh have already appeared in Tan IIiiUALi), were read and adopted. A writer in tho Sydney Echo says : — A rattle wicked Utile bit of ondit has it that ono of ths moat expert of the bold bowlers who have lately been trying conclusions ngalust some of our own bowl-players is a most iosidious and dan gerous opponent to moot oa the smooth greensward, aud that by an almost super- natural twist of Iho wrist ho gets suoh " bar" on his ball that his scirss top everybody's iu a most tantali.ing fushion. An opponent who greatly respeoted this doughty adversary begged of hiin to explain how the peculiar twist was accomplished, and was shocked to receive for a reply, " No, my boy ; that's tell ings. That's called iu Victoria the Berry bia-, and I learned it from Berry himself ; you're not advanced enough here yet fur that trick, my hoy ; some day perhaps we'll teach it to you I" Tho Qcelong Times writes : — A phenomenon which has more than once occurred in thi < distriot under similar circumstances is notice able just now in connection with the gardens of Great WeBtera. Nature is supposed to be tolerably free from blunders, but in this part of the world, when copious rains alternate with bright sunny days in autumn, she is occa sionally led to believe that 8priog has come. ThiB would appear to be the case just n >w, since the spring flowers are blooming in all the glory of Oetoberand November. Wo were -liown a bonquet of roses yesterday containing a sooro or so of ohoico varieties, each repreeented by about a dozen blooms that would have dune credit to any Bpring show in the colony. The gardens are now qnito a lovely sight, and would well repay a visit to the wine village on the part f anyone who has time and opportunity to indulge (esthetic testes. Toe beauties of spring are visible with the riohneas of autumn, and queenly roses and free blowing laurastinas may be seen side by side with luscious figaand grapes. The sight is a novel one, although not unprecedented. According to the Sydney Evening Newsp a very profitable trade in smuggling jewellery is now being oarried on- by a number of indivi- daals in this city and in Melbourne. ' Tne modus operandi varies; but the favorite method of transmitting the contraband articles is to pass the goods through in passengers' luggage. Tbo planter oast business is played out, a'- though it was' exceedingly successful; but tho now evasion has proved even mare offefctu.il in deceiving tho Victorian Customs' offi cials, The trade has assuund very large dimensions. Tho seventh Bcries of Patti ocnoarts was given at tho Town Hall on Saturday evening, when the attendance was very large, which was probably ascribable to tho fact that this was tho first concert given at what are knovn as "popular" prices. It was announced at the outset that as Mr Crain was suffering from a severe cold he could not appear that evening, but the other members of the corn- puny nndertook extra numbers, and in this way the programme was most satirfaotorily tilled out. Madamo Patti sang qnite as well as she has ever done iu Mel bourne, and her efforts were so heartily received that the demands of the audience could only bo satisfied by the great- diva giving a ballad after each of the selections set down to her name. The other artists were also highly EuccessfuT, and altogether the concert was one of the best of the aeries. The Theatre Royal was again fairly filled on Saturday night to witness Mr Grattan Riggs's performance in ths Irish Detective, which bids fair to have a considerable run. Mr Riggss versatility and Datural humor ara much ap plauded, and his popularity with the audience increases rather than diminishes, A new piece is in rehearsal, and will douhtiess become popular, as it written iby Mr Wybert Reeve, ana great care hue been exorcised in its pro duction. St. George's Hall was well attended on Saturday night. The Professor's ghosts aro as puzzling ah ever, long praciioe enabling the illusion to be presented in the fullest perfec tion. Tho legend of Pygmalion and Galatea was iiluBtrated with a striking fidelity that elicited loud approval. At the People's Theatre the Mammoths aro nightly crowding the house with delighted audiences. The reappearance of Mr Louis Braham,the old favorite, and Mr Hawkins was warmly welcomed, and thoBe gentle men amply justified the expectations entertained of them, Tbo programme was a most excellent one, and will bo repeated to-night. If tho financial remits of Messrs Hiecock and Hayman's enterprise are only as great a success as are these very amuiing per formances they will have played a most re munerative season. 