JACK QUARTERMAIN'S VISION, IN theee chaptebsa Chapter I. "You will remain my friend, Val; won't you ; and if anything should turn up, you will let me know, old fellow ?" " Of course, Jack. Yon may rely upon me. But is it really necessary for yon to go ? Can't we patch up a peace somehow, old boy ?" Jack Quartermam shook his head sorrowfully. Things had gone too far for an honourable compromise. Mr. Yerschoyle had openly said, in the presence of all the clerks, that he con sidered Mr. John Qoartermain culpably negligent, if not actually guilty of the loss of several valuable deeds and papers from the inner office of Veischoyle and Saunders. These papers all related to the property of Jessie Hamilton, Mr. Verschoyle's niece and ward. And what made it hardest of all on poor Jack was that he and Jessie had quarrelled a short time before ; they had had hot angry words abont Val Saunders, Jack's "guide, philosopher, and friend," and fellow-clerk. Jack Qoartermain was Mr. Verschoyle's nephew, his only aster's only son. A poor, friendless, delicate, orphan baby, he had been left with the wealthy solici tor, and brought np by him as his own child; and Jack repaid the care and kindness he had received, with the warmest gratitude and esteem. Love, where Harry Verechoyle was concerned, seemed out of the question. Even Jessie Hamilton, with all her sweet winning ways and tenderness, could awaken no stronger feeling than tolerant affection in the grim, stern old man whom she called uncle, and who was her sole guardian. Lawyer Verschoyle's life was an un usually sad one. In his yonng days he had loved and married like other men, and his wife was the very idol of hiB existence. A sweet, gentle, timid, home- loving little woman was Ella Verechoyle ; a woman who found all her happiness in her husband, her children, and her home, and had no thoughts, hopes, or am- tntions beyond. one great nervous horror of Mrs. Verschoyle's life was water ; she could not bear either to go on it or walk by it. the had been born at sea in the midst of a raging tempest ; and a deep-rooted aversion to ocean and river seemed a part of her very nature. Harry Verechoyle thought it would be a famous thing to care his sweet little wife of her childish nervousness. They lived at Putney, in one of those pretty houses overlooking the river ; and in the long pleasant summer evenings, Harry and his fellow-clerk and chum, Tom Saunders, nsed to thoroughly enjoy a pnll up the river to Richmond, or down to Battereea. Sometimes Ada Leslie — an aquatic young lady from Hammersmith, who not only loved the river, but could handle an oar dexterously, and was engaged to Tom — joined them ; and it nsed to be a real grief to Harry to leave his yonng wife standing on the shore looking wistfully after him. " Ella, I'm positively ashamed of you," he said one evening as Tom Saunders and Miss Leslie pulled past "How jolly it would be if you could handle an oar like Ada. Do, darling, come for a little row with me, juet as far as Hammersmith." " Do you really wish me to, Harry ?" Ella asked with a nervous little shiver. " I have such an unconquerable horror of the water !" " Yes ; and it's so childish, dearie. Pm on it evening after evening, and nothing happens. And look at Ada Leslie and lots of other girls. Yon don't think I wonld willingly take yon into danger, Ella?" " No, Harry : but I feel so frightened at the river." " Then you must try and he a little braver, for my sake, little woman. Let's follow Tom op the river; he'll be sur- prised!" " Very well, darling, once yon wish it," Ella replied. "But may I take the children, Harry? I shall feel braver if Madgie and Bob are with ma" "Certainly. The'U enjoy it im mensely. Madgie will put you to ehame, I'm sure ; and Bob ie a regular yonng duck. But wrap np well ; for though the evening is so fine, it's rather chilly. Pat a thick shawl over your head, darling ; and tie something ronnd Madgie'e neck, while I get out the boat." In a few moments Mrs. Verechoyle and Madgie — a sturdy, sunburnt little body of four — and Bob, a daring mis chievous lad of six; took their seats ; and Mr. Harry Verechoyle was pulling vigorously up the Thanes. It was a glorious evening fate in September, with a clear purple sky, dotted with a few faint silver stars, and a great yellow moon climbing lazily np the dusky arch. The boat glided aloDg smoothly, for Harry was an accomplished oarsmen ; and little Madgie fairly screamed with glee as she leaned over the side and held her tiuy haud in the clear cola water. Before tbey had been on the water half an hour, a fog began to rise, and in a few minutes everything was obscured by one of those thin floating gray mists lhat come and go so capriciously on the Thames. Hany turned back at once— he knew the river thoroughly, apd was not in the least nervous ; bnt his timid little wife fairly trembled with terror, and folded little Madgie cloBe in her arms. Bob, in the bow of the boat, was singing in careless childish unconcern the refrain of a song he had often heard his father and Mr. Saunders Bing; and oc casionally Mr. Verechoyle liimmlf wonld join in Bobbie's chorus of: Bow. brothers, row; the stream nuts fast; The rapida are near, end the daylisht'a past. About half the return jonrney was ac complished in safety, when suddenly, without a moment's warning, the boat came into violent collision with another boat and — capsized ; and in an instant Hflpru VflPflcll nul ex tlVB wnfa J. were struggling in tbe dark cold water. After the first moment of panic; Harry recovered himself; and struck ont in search of his wife, calling her and his children by name, but without receiving any reply. At last; through the gloom — for the fog had grown denser — he thought he saw his wife's form rise on the surface and seizing her in one arm, he struck oat boldly for the nearest shore. By the time he reached it, he was too faint and exhausted to perceive that the woman he had saved, was not his wife, but Ada Leslie. Ella, Madgie, and her brother were at the bottom of the river ; and Tom Saundere, whose boat had ron into Hany Verschoyle's, was picked up lower down more dead than alive. Verechoyle never quite recovered that tragic occurrence, f or many montns lie was so ill that his friends despaired of his recovery ; and when his physical health began to improve, his reason seemed to be seriously impaired. Time, however, that does all things well, brought physical and mental strength; but even that great healer failed to bring back the sunshine and joyousness to the prematurely aged, broken-down, remorse ful man. At seven-an-twenty he was gray and grim and hard, a cold, stern, almost repulsive man of business. His pleasant house up the river-side was sold and he went to live over the office, in which he became a junior partner, in a great dark silent house, in a gloomy street near Westminster Abbey. Ten solitary weary years passed away, and he became senior partner, head of the firm where his father had worked for thirty years ; and Tom Saundere, his old chum, was first head-clerk, and then his junior partner. They had a steady, in tensely respectable business; and Harry was unremitting in his attention to it, and made the names of Verechoyle and jwmmwveo a djuvujiu avt uuuuui miu integrity. After ten years' utter isolation, spent in toil and care and loneliness, Mr. Verechoyle received into his house the only surviving sister of his wife, and her little daughter Jessie ; bnt for nearly two years Mrs. Hamilton foiled to effect any change in the stent, austere life of her brother-iu-law. He kept to his own apartments, and took no part in tbe domestic concerns, of the little household. Then his late sister's husband, Lieutenant Qoartermain, lost his life while with his regiment in India ; and his little boy Jack, now an orphan, was left to the guardianship of his uncle and the motherly care of Mrs. Hamilton. For a few years things were brighter ; the ring of childish laughter echoed through the house. Jack's unblushing mvu nuuiu gtcow u UMC » ly a It blic hall-door every evening, and his hands drag him into the drawing-room. Jessie, demure and modest, would slyly smile approval and encouragement through her thick auburn curls; or from behind her sampler, and almost unknown to her self Lawyer Verechoyle was becoming domesticated, and almost affectionate ; when, to his renewed grief, Mrs. Hamil ton was smitten with a fever, which carried her to the grave ; after which the lawyer relapsed into his stony solitude. The children went to school, and only at vacation-time did they visit the office at Westminster, and not alwayB even theD, for both Jack and Jessie made personal friends amongst their schoolmates, whom Uncle Verechoyle always gladly gave them permission to visit; though he sternly forbade their ever inviting any one home. And so the years passed away till Jessie was seventeen and declared " finished ;" and Jack Qoartermain six teen, and thinking seriously of a pro fession. Then Mr. Verechoyle offered him a stool in the old-established office, a home in the house; and a partnership in perspective ; a post which Jack ac cepted gratefully. The routine of the lawyer's office was not at all distasteful to him. He had a good deal of applica tion and a fair capacity for business, and gave very general satisfaction to his employers. The years that had passed since Mrs. Hamilton's death had confirmed Uncle Hairy in his grimness and taciturnity. It was almost impossible to draw him from his dingy study and unceasing labours. The cheerful sound of Jessie's piano end-Jack's well- cultivated baritone only caused him to lock his door im patiently, and drove his thoughts back to Madgie and Bob and his never- forgotten wife. He allowed his niece and nephew to amuse themselves pretty much as they liked — a liberty which had resulted in a closer tie titan mere friend ship between the two young people — and in the long winter evenings Val Saundere was a frequent visitor. He was the young son of the other partner of the firm, and had a poBt, not of great trust or pecuniary value; in the outer office. Val did not love the law, or any thing else which required work or thought. He wonld have made a fine butterfly ; for the only thing he seemed fit for was to flit joyonsly and brightly through existence, sipping every sweet as he went — lingering over every pleasure, and skipping over every disagreeble with the most enviable ease and unconcern. A Crank, happy disposition, a handsome face, a manner in which merry, boyish audacity and frank, eager confidence were happily blended, made Valentine Saun dere a favourite wherever he went His laugh was musical, his smile pleasauter still, his voice soft and sweet like a woman's, and he had a way of looking np at you when he epoke which was alto gether charming. Nothing could ex ceed his good- humour except his good 8piritB ; and his stock of both seemed unfailing. Jack and Val were Hose friends in spite of the fact that the hitter's thought less magnanimity and generosity not (wfreguenlly got the former into pecuniary difficulties ; hut Jessie Ham ilton, who was the repository for all Cousin Jack's secrets and troubles, didn't quite believe in VaL It was not altogether clear to her lesser intelligence why Jack should do the greater part of Val's work, and Val spend, or rather squander the greater part of Jack's money. Besides, Val's behaviour to herself was not at all satisfactory. He knew that she and Jack were long since pledged to each other ; still he paid her the most ridiculous compliments, wrote sentimental verses in her scrap-book, and sent her valentines, which she put into the fire ; and otherwise made himself objectionable, in spite of his handsome face and foscinatioe manner. Once Jessie ventured to question the prudence of Jack in having snch an expensive, in considerate friend ; and he flew into a fine temper, as a yonng man sometimes will when a yonng lady of his heart presumes to see a fault in the friend of his youth. Jessie, he reasoned, was like all the rest of her sex, jealous, suspicious, and unreasonable ! She hated his friends, and was intolerant and overbearing ; and Val Saundere was the best, the dearest, the jolliest fellow on the face of the earth ; and forsooth, it was rather soon for Jessie to begin to find fault with his friends yet ! This, and much more to the same purpose, Jack blurted out in the heat of his wrath ; and then he rushed off and told Val all about it ; and that young gentleman innocently let Mine Hn.fnilt.nn Irnnw. And then WAS dreadfully sorry for having done so. Jessie was angry, of course — angry with herself, with Jack, with Valentine Saunders ; and though incapable of snlks in a general way, she was certainly very cold and haughty, and a little scornful in her treatment of Mr. John Qoartermain' for a few days. At the end of the week the c.limaT of poor Jack's troubles was reached. Mr. Vere choyle missed some papers from his office relating to the very modest fortune of Miss Hamilton. No one had access to the safe in which they were kept but Jack and the junior partner, Mr. Saun ders. But as the latter denied all knowledge of them, Mr. Quartermaiu alone was held accountable. " Perhaps Jack has hidden them for a lark," Val said to Mr. Verechoyle when he heard of the loss. " He and Jessie had a rumpus, and he may have done it to tease her." Mr. Verschoyle puckered up his eye brows into a very ominous frown. Val's suggestion formed itself into a certainty in bis mind : and before he even questioned his nephew abont the miBsiug deeds, he felt quite convinced that he had abstracted them, for fun or for malice, as the case might be. Jack in dignantly denied having done any such thing. - He was a man of business; and never carried practical jokes into the office. He knew nothing whatever of Miss Hamilton's papers ; and as his uncle seemed to mistrust his words, and accused him of culpable negligence before the whole office, he then and there resigned his situation. Jessie did not believe him guilty. She was very sweet and tender and sympathetic ; and wept copiously when Jack spoke of going abroad ; but after a little she saw that it was really the best thing he could do. Mr. Verechoyle accepted his nephew's resignation in grim silence. It was in his opinion another proot or ms gout. tie made no attempt at reconciliation, offered no advice or assistance ; in short, simply ignored John Quartermain's ex istence from the day he left the office till tbe day he started by the " Scotia " for New York en. route for California, where he was going to make his fortune and come back for Jessie. Miss Hamilton wa6 not a very demon strative young lady ; she did not mace frantic vows of eternal constancy, or promise impossibilities in the way of correspondence ; bnt there was a quiet earnestness about her that was reassuring. She said she would surely let Jack know if the deeds were discovered or if Uncle Harry relented. She bade him be of good courage, faithful, loyal, honest, and persevering, and he wonld command success. For herself, she would wait. Besides, she could not think of leaving Uncle Harry for years and years. Jack went away more hopefully and cheerfully than might have been ex pected. Poor in purse and character — for many of those who had known him all his life more than half suspected him of having abstracted the deeds — friend less, and almost aimless, his prospects were not very bright ; still he started hopefully, resolved to conquer th rmost adverse circumstances, strong in the con sciousness of his innocence, and fully satisfied that he left behind hios 4e truest love and the loyalest friend erer man had. With Jessie and Val to - over his interests at home, he had nothing to fear ; and so he set off one dismal November evening, with the un altered resolution of returning to London a rich man, or never retaining at all. " Good-bye, old fellow. I'll write every mail and tell yon everything," Val said, dashing away the tears that kept brimming up in his eyes. " Whoever foils, you may rely on me, Jack ! "Good-bye; old fellow. God bless you !" returned Jack huskily. " I never had a brother, Val ; but if I had, I couldn't care more about him than I do for you. Take care of yourself — and of Jessie. And don't forget me in my exile, Val. And mark my words — the deeds will turn np all right yet." And' thep they had a final hand-squeeze, and then the train which was to convey Jack to Liverpool, writhed slowly out of the station, and was gone. Valentine Saundere gave himself a shake, buttoned up his ulster, thrust his hands into his pockets, and walked away from Euston Station. But presently the mud underfoot and the fog overhead became too much for him, and hailing a hansom, he jumped in, and desired the man to drive to Westminster. "Poor Jack 1 What a wretched night for travelling," he mused himstift " He'll be half dead, super-ultra frostified before he reaches Liverpool I'll miss him. But .after all, he's better away. And now to tell Jessie." But to Mr. Val Sannders's intense amazement, Miss Jessie Hamilton refused to see him. Chapter II. NEBRASKA. " Dan, Dan ! Wake up, old inan, quick ! I say, Dan 1" Dan. rolled liiiusclf over lazily, raised bimeelfon one elbow, and glanced round the apartment ; then Bunk back leisurely on his pillow with a long deep sigh of gratitude. "I Bay, you everlasting sleeper, will yon rouse up !" " Too soon, Jack — hours too soon ; not near mornin'. All right, old fellow ; I'll turn out presently," murmured Dan drowsily. Jack Qurtermaln jumped np from the rude conch he had been sharing with Dan Kennedy, and proceeded to dress himself by the light of the fire, which Btillsmoal- dered on the hearth ; then he piled on mure logs, and throwing himself on a rug, looked steadily at the blaze, which leaped and danced and flickered as the fierce wind swept down the wide chimney. For folly an hour Jack mused by the fire ; then he gave a long loving look ronnd the rude Nebraskan cabin he shared with his chum, glanced at his tattered, battered, travel-stained leather portmanteau, which had been for nearly six years his faithful travelling-companion, and calculated its capacity for yet another voyage ; gave a passing look of regret and complacency at Dan's gorged, 'unwieldy, calf-skin trunk which contained their, united savings; and then he heaved a deep sigh as his glance fell on the stalwart form of Dan himself sleeping peacefully on his hard bed. Another half-hour was passed in study of the glowing logs, and then Jack pro duced from an old rosewood desk, which stood on a ledge in one corner of the log-hut, a little packet of letters, and read them over carefullv bv the licrht of the fire. Two of them were from Jessie Hamilton ; tender, loving, womanly letters, full of trust; affection, and en- conragement. They were written daring the first few months after hie departure, and were the only ones he had ever received. The others were from Val Saunders, cheery, chatty epistles, full of vows of world-without-end friendship, and gossip about their mutual friends and the doings at the office. The last of these was dated just a year after Jack Qoartermain had sailed for New York, and contained the startling intelligence — told with evident reluctance and mnch sympathy — that Jessie was false. She had given her exiled lover up, and was engaged to be married to his successor at Verschoyle and Saunders's. This intel ligence, coupled with Jessie's long silence, in spite of his earnest entreaties for a single line, convinced Jack that something really was wrong. So he had written one more letter, freeing his cousin from her engagement with him, and asking for the return of his letters, his carte, and other trifling mementos of their unfor- tunate affection. Bnt even that brought no reply. And Val, to whom he had also written and ponred out all his despair and misery, was silent too. They would not even write and toll him if the deeds had been found, or if his uncle were alive and well. Six months of utter misery and suspense followed ; and then in a fit of sheer des peration, Jack had joined a band of dariDg adventurers bound for Nevada, and went in for gold-digging. He had been, from the time he had landed in the United States, a clerk in a great store in Jersey city, and was working his way into the esteem and confidence of his employers, when the gold-fever seized him, or rather the fever of disconteut, and he rushed off to the West without a moment's consideration in search of wealth he did not want, and of peace he was certain not to una. weex ot cue wild lawless life at the diggings was quite enough for Jack. A week was enough for another of the party also. These two, by a sort of natural selection, made friends with each other ; and one night they left the camp without " beat of drum" or sayiug farewell to anybody. Dan Kennedy led the way in the retreat from gold-land. He proposed a sheep-walk in Australia, and peace aud solitude, instead of the bowie-knives and braggadocio of " the Roaring camp" at Nevada; and so they sailed froni San Francisco to, Sydney, and were soon lost in the Australian Bosh. For three years they had lived a not unhappy or un eventful life. They were not growing enviably rich, nor thinking of retiring from their labours. On the contrary, they worked hard late and early, and put what they could in the calf-skin trunk. Summer and winter, seed-time and harvest, these two men lived together in their cabin, their chief occupation their sheep ; their amusement a skirmish with a band of natives or a few bushrangers ; their intellectual food a Bible, a Shakspeare, and a copy of Burns, which Dan Kennedy always carried in his pocket. Then a sudden whim seized Jack ; he wanted to go back to America; he was sick of Bush-life, and sheep were an abomination to him. Dan — the most complacent of men — counted the hoard in the truuk, and thought that they might manage it. Then he disposed of tbe farm and stock ; and once more they crossed the sea and set out on their rambles. After roving from state to state; and from city to city till their finances were almost exhausted, Dan resolved to settle in the territoiy of Nebraska ; obtained a grant of land, built a log-hut, and declared that he had settled down for life. He was happy at last. Bonnd in by toreste ; ont ot tne tracx oi settlers ; for from civilization ; a magnificent country, which supplied game in abun dance ; a noble river, teeming with fish ; fruits and flowers in profusion. Surely "Kennedy's Clearing" was an earthly paradise ; at least so it seemed in the summer, when the trees were laden with fruit, the air with melody and fragrance. But in the autumn, when the rainy season set in, it was not quite bo like a paradise ; and in the winter the cold was intense. For a little while Jack was contented in Nebraska ; but suddenly he was seized with the spirit of unrest again. He wanted to go somewhere he had never been, to do something he had never done — in short, he wanted a change. But Dan was deaf to his insinuations and hints, and tamed a most unsympathetic ear to his- murmurs. He was settled for life; he said, with his Bible, his Burns, his calf-Bkin trunk, and his Shakespeare, lie had taken " Kennedy's Clearing" for better or worse ; and he meant to stick to his bargain. " Yes, my boy ; I'm planted here, and took root I have," said Dan, upon a certain culd December night, " It's no use you putting out feelers. I ain't a- guiu' to go off half-cocked again. So long aB the clearing sticks to me, so long I stick to the clearing. You can move on if you like !" " Why, you Turk !" Jack cried reproachfully, throwing more pine-logs on the fire, " do yon think I'm going to leave yon here aU by yonrseUj like Robinson Crusoe! No; old fellow; I'll stick by the clearing too; only, it's a melancholy consolation to grumble a little now and again — a Briton's privilege, yon know 1" " Bad practice," Dan remarked. Does no manner of good, any way. — I aay, Jack, do yon know what night this ia f "Yes; Thursday. Why V' " It 'a New Year's Eve, lad, and Fve made provision for a jollification," Dan replied. "I gave one of my best axes and a pair of woollen stockings in exchange for five cigars and a bottle of Schiedam. What do yon think of that, my son ?" " I think it was recklessly extravagant of yon, old man. But as the temptations to that vice are so few, I think yon may be pardoned. Well smoke the old year ont; and drink the new year in ; and better luck to all of u ! "Better luckt what better luck do we want f ' exclaimed Daa " Ain't we happy as kings here ? Plenty of work ; plenty of fun ; enough to eat, drink, and wear. No master to serve ; no servants to scold ; not too many visitors to bore us ; and betides, we're making money !" "Yes; all that's very welL But a fellow is apt to get tired of his own inestimable society sometimes, yonknow," grumbled Jack. "I never do!" and Dan gave a tremendous stretch. " I make it a point of always being on friendly terms with mvself: there's nothios like it. lad. Jack, my boy, I wish yon were married. Go down east, and bring back a mimia for the clearing, and I'll play second- fiddle directly 1" Jack shrugged his shoulders, knitted his brows; and bit his Bome what "ragged moustache, as he invariably did when matrimony was mentioned. Bnt he made no retort. It never entered his head to ask Dan why he didn't bring a "missis" to the clearing himself, thongh Kennedy was the most thoroughly bachelor squatter in the territory, thongh the sturdiest, healthiest; handsomest yonng fellow, within a hundred miles. Dan had had a dead-and-gone love affair, and he told Jack Qoartermain all about it in the early days of their friendship ; spoke tenderly, reverently, of his lost love, just as he might speak of his dead mother. Just once he gave his chum a peep into his heart, let him see below the surface for a moment ; and Jack's honest eyes filled with sympathetic tears as he saw what a deep, raw, aching wound his friend so bravely carried and concealed. Once, and once only, did he attempt a little rough commonplace consolation ; and he never forgot the look of agony which swept across Dan's face, never forgot the mute appeal of his eyes, and how he raised his strong right arm, as if to ward off a blow. Ever after that; Jack epoke many a time of his own love- affairs ; bat neither in jest nor earnest did he ever allnde to Dan's — it was the one solitary forbidden subject between them. It was, as we have said, New-year's Eve — the fifth since Jack Quartermain had left home and love and friends, and gone forth to seek his fortune, resting under the shadow of unmerited suspicion. For more than four years he had not heard a tingle word "from England — not a line from his ancle, from Jessie, or from his old friend Val Saunders ! " I can't make it ont, Dan," he said, trom tne midst of a cloud of fragrant smoke— all that was left of two of the five cigars. I can't understand it, old fellow. Val must be dead, or he would have answered my letters. Fm not so surprised at Jessie — all women are false and deceitful; its their nature. But Val was such a good-hearted, good-natured sort of fellow ! He must be dead." Dan growled out something which might be taken for an assent, or might not. " What do yon mean by that I" exclaimed Jack a little impatiently. " Do you think he's dead, or do you think he isn't, Dan f" " Well — really I have no pleasure in conjecturing," replied Dan slowly, as he puffed away at the last cigar, for which tbey had drawn lots. Mr. Val Saundera ain't any particular friend of piine, you know ; but it's my private opinion that if he is dead, it's a good riddance of bad value 1 "You're as bad as Jessie; just as jealous and unreasonable," Jack retorted crossly. It did seem veiy bard that the only two people in the world he really cared about should each have an un reasonable prejudice against the person he liked next best Dan, however, replied good-hnmouredly to his fretful grumbling, laughed at the idea of his being jealous of an individual he had never seen ; and then after drinking farewell to the departing year, and a merry greeting to the new one, which was ushered in by a lusty north wind, which promised plenty of snow, the two men Btood for a few minutes looking into the glowing embers on the hearth, wrung each other's hands with a hearty grip, and laid themselves down to rest with a none the less fervent because voiceless prayer. Jack was the first to fall asleep. The unusual dissipation of Schiedam and cigars; added to the fatigue of a hard day's work and the genial drowsy warmth of the cabin, set him off into a heavy slumber, from which he awoke with a sadden start, to find himself bathed in cold perspiration, and great drops of moisture standing on his forehead. His first impulse was to rouse np Dan ; but that was very mnch easier proposed than done. He was a sound deeper at all times ; and his answers to Jack's repeated calls came dreamily and irre levantly. Then, as was narrated at the beginning of the chapter, Jade got np, dressed himself sat by the fire, read over his old letters, and then studied the fire again ; and when Dan did open his eyas with the first gray dawn he saw his chnm Staring steadily at the dull red embers. " You up first; old fellow 1" he exclaimed in amazement. " Why, what on earth is the matter ?" " Oh, nothing," Jack said, starting like a man who had been roused from an un pleasant dream. " Nothing the matter, Dan ; ouly I'm going back to England 1" " Back to England, Jack ! When ? Why?" "When — to-day. Why because — because I have seen a vision, Dan. - Don't ask ine anything more abont it, old boy, for I can't tell you ; only I -must go home at once !" "Why, goodness bless my soul, Jack 1 have you seen a ghost ?" " Worse than that — ever so much worse than that What I saw was a reality, Dan. I'm sorry to leave you,, old fellow, but it will only be for a time Til come back to the clearing, if I live long enough ; but I cannot pnt off my departure for a tingle day." " Look sharp, then, and rout up Abram, and tell him to get ont the buggy. We'll have a sharp drive of it ; and there's every promise of a heavy enow-fall !" " But you're not coming, Dan !" "But I am, thongh. You don't suppose Fm going to let you start on such a journey by yourself ? If yon will eo to Eneland. I'll on with T think, you know" "Gently, old fellow. Don't offer an opinion till yon know the circumstances," said Jack gravely. "118 awfully good of you, Dan, to offer to accompany me ; but I cannot consent to your doing it. I know you love this place, aud don't want to leave it" " No more do L But I don't want to leave you either, or rather let you leave me. We can find another clearing, old boy ; but there's only one Jack Qaarter- main that Dan Kennedy knows of, and he has no intention of losing tight of him. — Drag ont the old calf-skin, lad ; he and I'll cross the herring-pond once more. So say no more abont it. 1'm not naturally superstitions ; and dreams and visions and such-like I set down to simple indigestion ; bnt I do feel the meiaf- avfrAovdinowr ennoafinn in mw kno<4 this morning, just as if Bow Bells were whispering : " Go back to England, Dan ! Go back to England <" Chapter TTT. — Hohe. It was the first of February — a raw, grey, foggy, miserable morning. The streets were damp and sticky, as only the London streets during or after a fog can be, and the east wind was keen and cutting. A four-wheeled cab stood out- tide a gloomy house in Westminster ; and the driver, who etood on the pavement; clapping his benumbed hands and stamp ing his half-frozen feel; grumbled audibly at being kept waiting. Presently another cab drove up ; and two gentlemen alighted — rough-looking, weather-stained weary travellers but gentlemen Btill, in spite of their strange garments and,shaggy beards. " Here's the house, old fellow," ex claimed Jack Quartermain — for it was he — running up the steps. " It don't look a scrap changed. I wonder if old Burnet the batler is here still ?" Old Barnet was; and in answer to Jack's lond knock he opened the door with bis usual stately solemnity, and surveyed the two strange-looking visitors critically. "Mr Verschoyle in?" inquire Jack hurriedly. " Can I see him f " No. sir," replied Burnet, straightening himself np, and looking peculiarly solemn. "He's not in, sir. In fact, Mr. Vers choyle is dead, sir !" " Dead ; Burnet ? Uncle Harry dead ! When did he die?" stammered Jack, growing very white and shaking like a leaf — "Is it possible that you don't remember me, Burnet — Jack Quarter- main P' "No sir — yes sir — of course, Mr. John. Come in air — come in. Oh, why didn't yon come back sooner? Why did you ever go, Mr. John? Things have gone wrong entirely ever since the day you left" said Burnet; leading the way to tbe dining room, where Mr. ValentineSaanders was having his breakfast For a moment he looked startled, then advanced to greet his old friend with ontstretched arms. But Jack waved him back, and looking him steadily in the face, demanded to know what had befallen his uncle Mr. Verschoyle. "Alas, I grieve to tell you, Jack, that dear Mr. Verschoyle is no more. He died on the first ef January from" " From an overdose of opium, adminis tered to him by — a friend. I know all about it, Mr: Saunders. Will yon be good enough to tell me how you come to be here in my uncle's house ?" "Your uncle was 'kind enough to remember me in his will, and bequeath me not only this house, but the remainder of his property, on condition that I agreed to marry his ward Miss Hamilton. And though the lady does not choose to agree to the conditions of the will, the house, nevertheless, becomes mine. — And now, may I ask what your business is here, Mr. Quartermain ?" continued Valentine, with an attempt at ease and hauteur which his pale face and trembling voice belied. "I should have thought Loudon, and above aU, the office of Verechoyle and Saunders — or Saunders and Saunders, as the firm now is — wonld be about the last place in the world you would care to show your face in, considering the circumstances under which you left our employment 1" " You'll know my business soon enough," quoth Quartermain sternly. "At present I demand to know what has become of Minn Hamilton ?" " That yon must find ont for yonrself I decline to give you auy information whatever. If you had come here in a proper spirit" "Take care," said the other with a threatening iook — lane care or wnst yon say, Valentine Saunders, or even my old friendship for you won't save yon. I should like to eee a copy of my ancle's will 1" " Certainly, by all means. Yon can see it at Doctora' Commons 1" " Yes ; I know that, but I can see it without going there, and I mean to. You can tell me where there is a copy — a rough copy, to be found." .« What do you mean ?" cried Val, growing hot and confused before the stern steady glance of Jack " You talk in riddles; Mr. Quartermain 1" " Yes ; bnt you've got tbe key. Mr. Saundere, you know there's a day of squaring np for everybody, if not in this world, in the next. The day for squaring accounts between you and me has come. Now, once and for all, will you produce that- will, or shall I have to find it myself ?" Mr. Sannders's answer was a violent ring, which was speedily answered by Burnet " Shew these persons out" he exclaimed excitedly — " shew them out instantly !" " What has become of Miss Jessie, Burnet ?" inquired Jack, turning to the old servant and quite iguoring Mr. Saunders's words. " Has she been turned ont too !" " Pretty nearly, sir — at least she's going. "There's her box in the hall and the cab waiting at the door. But Sister Agnes sayB ahe's not fit to leavehs house such a morning as this !" " But why is she going ?" Burnet elevated his eyebrows, Bhriqed his shoulders, and gave an exprewe glance at his master, who was stanog silent with rage and amazement " Why ia Miaa Hamilton leaving ia house?" repeated Quartermain stern " Here ehe'e down, Mr. John ; sd best answer for herself," cried Bui; throwing open the dining-room doo- " Miss Jessie — Miss Jessie, here's ; Quartermain come back again 1" For a moment Miss Hamilton stoq the doorway, white, scared, trembl then she staggered forward and wi avtt \ALJ uuhwpuu tt BUD allfl ft m "Jack ! O Jack 1 Why did yon not - before ?" " My child, this will never do : most not excite yourself so," interri Sister Agnes gently. — " She is weal ill, air ; she cannot stand mnch fati " But Jack waved her away, and Jessie close in his arms. My darl he whispered, are you really mine s " Now, as always, Jack. Bat ! they told me— yon were married- yon had given me up. Bnt I ; quite believed it." "It was a falsehood, darlir which I mean to have rare mftiafn quoth Jack reassuringly, withidar look at Mr. Saundere. " Sit do' own, and do not attempt to les house. — This lady, is she a fr: yours ?" ies, uacs; Bucn a aear tri think I should have died long ag not been for Sister Agnes. "Oh suffered— I have suffered — so mu " It's all at an end now, Jew I've come back to square np i dear loyal, old friend Val. Fve another old friend with me— j fair play, you know.— Don't scared, Dan ; Val was always fair words than blowB." j Dan Kennedy meanwhile i in stupefied wonder at the lad addressed as Sister Agnes — a eyed, sad-looking woman, w tremulous voice, who sat b and held one of her never raised her eyes fros There was bnt one woman with snch a face, and hi Agnes too. A strange coil nothing more. The Agnes - was rich, honoured, happy, sorrow and care, surround! luxury. The Agnes who sat Hamilton looked a weary, strii who had found peace after : sorrows. Still Dan razed her to raise her eyes, that hi into them, and learn if she the Agnes of his dreams. " Well, sir, what other lib mean to take in my houa> Saunders, after a few mini " I am getting weary of this "So am I — and I meat retorted Jack sternly. "Fi want to know why you n to my letters !" " I suppose I was at liber myself on that point," wa- answer. " Certainly ; bnt not a intercept my letters to Mire her replies to me ; not at lib back my nncle's letters by at means, Mr. Saunders; not tell him all sorts of folsehooc not at liberty to work upon to maxe you ms neir. — r prised, Jessie, and no wonder worse still to be told. Valent stole the deeds from Uncle E Valentine Saunders stole all . yon, and yours to me Saunders stole my nncle's 1 forged one in it's stead; will all do me the favour upstairs to his room — the r< mine long ago, and from wi hood and treachery bani will show yon the proof of ' Come, Jessie ; come, Dai Madam; and Bnrnet, yo come too." Quartermain pr foregoing accusations calm) man who was repeating a, learned by rote; and then np-staira into Mr. Sannr Opposite to the fireplace t tall, old-fashioned, ebony b and mounted with brass. I ungainly piece of furniture odd drawers and unsuspe One of these, at the back - drawer, opening with a spri securely reposed the stolt intercepted letters, and Mr. wilL " Why, Jack, how did you told you of this 1" exclaim amazement " Look 1 Her letters to you, which I am put in the bag myself E get here, Jack ?" "In the same manner t here. There has been son villainy at work, aud Vali at the bottom of it 1" " If yon mean that loafer yon had better look after hin Dan. " He seems a slipp customer, and I should not he thought discretion the bt valour and retired. He lool .. .1 >1 I.A. .L. it Biupjr AS WO lOlK Ulv 1WIU, I " Ban down, Barnet, and Saunders is still below," Jack was not inclined to be very 1 old friend, villain and traitor was ; and if he chose to make and keep out of the way, so better. Presently Bnrnet returned wi long foce. " He's gone, sir ; cu like a rascal, as he is. He Ie cab that was waitin' for Mire Je: "Well, let him go. As yon r served, Dan, he's a good ridd very questionable value !" '' Yes sir," remarked Burnet g " But if he's not looked after, h take some very good value with How do you know he's not gone sti to the Bank to draw ont a lot of m — thousands maybe ? I'd just t round to the Westminster and Cou Mr. John, if I was you, and stop little game !" "That's a happy thought of you Burnet. — You stay here Dan. By t. way, I have not introduced yon yeb- Jereie, this is my friend and fellow campaigner, the best fellow in the world — Dan Kennedy." Jessie held out her hand with a smile of -welcome; and SiBter Agnes, who etood beside her, started, raised her dark eyes in wonder, and looked steadily at the tall " campaigner," who regarded her with eqnal astonishment. "I think I lad the honour of knowing Mrs. 'jawaou once," ho said with evident con- jisi'in. i " N»t Mrs. Lawsou, Mr. Kennedy — nea Oxenfnrd still," faltered the lady. 1 is indeed a fortunate meeting this, Mr. tnnedy. I have so much to tell you, e much to explain, so much to " Forgive, if indeed you can forgive e," Dan whispered ; and then Jessie d Jack left the room together ; and ten the former returned, she found that L Kennedy and Agnes Oxenford were (remarkably friendly terms. f Dan and I are old old friends, Jessie," laimed Agnes, with a glad light in her B, which seemed to illuminate her tie face. We were parted years ago sircumstances, and misunderstandings b kept us separate ; but" iBut they are all explained now,'' rrupted Dan, throwing back his bead idly. 44 And if anything could add ihe happiness of finding Agues, it ild be that of finding her your friend, 38 Hamilton !" ihat was a pretty compliment for a ugh backwoodsman, and all very well a its way ; but Jessie was somewhat .taken aback at the proprietary and lover- like air assumed by Mr. Kennedy. "Agues is a Sister of Mercy," she explained in the tone of a person in a very serious difficulty ; she could not quite reconcile love-making with the solemn black draperies and hideous bonnet of Sister Agnes. 44 Yes, yes ; I know," replied Dan with a little shrug ; "and I hope she will continue one, Miss Hamilton ; only she most limit her ministrations to one unworthy individual, who is sorely in need of mercy and charity and all other Christian offices. She tells me duty is always her first and dearest consideration, and I'm quite satisfied it's her doty to look after me, or FU come to grief most certainly 1" " Besides, Jessie, remember Tin only a probationer," interposed Agnes sweetly; and so Miss Oxenford'e mission of mercy became considerably curtailed. Presently Jack Qoartermain returned. Mr. Saunders had not been to the bank, nor called at the office. A II valuable bonds aud papers were there quite safe ; and Jack had locked them all up in the great safe, and taken away the key, to the horror and amazement of old Mr. Saunders. Then Dan and Jack examined the will, which was dated nearly five ears before, aud in which, to his dear and only nephew, John Henry Quarter- main, was Mr. Verscboyle's wealth bequeathed, with the exception of a five thousand pound legacy to Jessie Hamilton aud a wish that her heir might make good the full amount, principal aud interest, endangered by the disappearance of Miss Hamilton's bonds. Lauded property, money in the funds, and three-fourths of the latge business profits of Yerschoyle aud Saunders, came to Jack ; bat there was no mention whatever made about Valentine Saunders, or any conditions attached to either MisB Hamilton's legacy or her own fortune, " Now then, Jessie, can yon explain to me how Uncle Harry came to alter his mind and leave all his money to Val Saunders ! There must have been some Undue influence !" " Yes indeed, Jack. About four years ago, Val came to live here; and from that time Uncle Hany was a different being. He would scarcely ever see me, refused to hear your name mentioned, and consulted Val about everything. Then he fell into ill-bealtb, and for a long time Mr. Saunders was his ouly nurse. At last.the doctor insisted on his having some one else, aud sent us dear Sister Agnes. Uncle soon recovered then, and seemed in much better health and spirits. He even spoke about you, and wondered why you never wrote, and told me that he had made his will long ago — and you and I were provided for. Then Val told me that you were married to a wealthy American lady, and had actually the audacity to ask me to be come his wife. Of course I refused him indignantly ; and from that day forth he set himself to be my enemy. 1 was com pletely cut off from uncle, and the only friend I had was dear Sister Agnes. It was very wretched here, Jack. I don't know whether Air. Saunders's persecution or affection was the most intolerable ; bnt both together drove me distracted. Then in December poor Uncle grew worse. Several doctors were called in, and they all declared that he was sinking fast. Val was ever by his bedside, a most watchful if not very tender nurse. On New-year's Eve, about twelve o'clock, Uncle seeuied to rouse up from a stupor he had been in for deys, and called for me. I was resting on a coach in my own room, wheu Sister Agues came to fetch me' "Let tne tell you the rest," Jack in terrupted. " You ran down-stairs : and as you entered Uncle Harry's dressing- room, Val was pouring out his medicine. He banded you the glass, to give hiui the draught, wheu you went in ; and his nauu iieuiuieu so i:ia', dhuic ui ii was spilled over the white ahanl yon had wrapped round your shoulders. Wheu you entered the room, Uncle sat up in bed, and said in a loud clear voice : "Jessie, I have provided for you aud Jack. My will lies in the old cabinet in Val's room. Tell Jack, if ever you see him, that I fear I wronged him, and am Sony." Then he held ont his hand for the medicine, drank it off, and lay back on Iris pillow. In a few moments he started up aud called me, clearly and distinctly : "Jack — Jack Qoartermain, come here !" then he closed bis eyes and fell asleep. In the morning they told yon he was dead 1" " Ay, that is precisely what happened. Who on earth could have told you V " No one told me," replied John Qoartermain calmly. " Isaw it all, jast as clearly as I see yon now ; and I saw Val take Uncle's will ont of the cabinet; andput in another in its stead. Isaw him distinctly open the secret drawer, throw the true will in with a grim smile, and heard him matter : " That may go to oblivion with the rest" I saw it all Jessie, plainly and visibly ; and the proof of the matter is here ;" pointing to the will and letters. " I told Dan, about it on New-year's Day — told him as we drove through the blinding snow, and across the solitary plains of Nebraska, mat my uncle was lying dead in the gloomy old house in Westminster. He sunled incredulously, and endeavoured to re .sou me out of my fears ; but be knew in his fieart that what I said was true. — Didn't yon, Dau I" ' Yen ; i think i did, Jack," said Dan solemnly. But ' cauuot understand it," cried Jwue, staring in hopeless bewilderment. i .l ui't believe in dreams aud visions M CO Ijiugb 1" " Weu, I don't believe in ibein either frynMml tiiift jm1 must either believe or be a fool. Certain thiuga were revealed to me on New- year's Eve. I come home to England, and find them perfectly true. Bnt 1 can no more pretend to explain the why or the wherefore of it than yon can. I am willing to take the matter as it stands, and be grateful for the beneficial re- salts." "Bat Jack dear, if you make a practice of second-sight, I shall be afraid of yon." " Nonsense, Jessie. Why should you be ? Besides, I do not think each revelations ever happen twice in a life- : time," replied Jack earnestly. " And now, I really ihink the best thing we can do is to say no more aboat it, for it is one of those mysterious coincidences that no amount of discussion can elucidate. Tell me, Jessie, why were you going away this morning; and where were yon going to 1" " I was going, because I could never consent to become Val Saunders's wife ; and in the will read after the funeral that was an expressed condition. I was to have half my uncle's fortune if I married him ; if not, I was to be penni less. I infinitely preferred poverty to such a nnion. So I was going to learn to be nnrse, like Sister Agues 1" " Then it appears to me that we only arrived jnst in time. The discovery of this will saves all that painful necessity ; but of course we must prove that the one by which Yal claimed die property is a forgery. It may be somewhat difficult to do ; but his flight is strong circumstan tial evidence. Have yon any idea where this precious document is, Jessie 1" " In the study probably ; or at least a copy of it, if the document itself is gone to Doctors' Commons." " True. I remember Val said it was there;, but somehow I don't believe it Come down to the stndy, and let ns have a look round." They had not to look very long. A fire was burning on the hearth, and on it and inside the fender were fragments of : half-burnt paper. " That's it !" Jessie cried ont " I know it was written on blue foolscap. I'm sure this is the will!" " Or all that remains of it And here's proof positive," Jack added, taking up a scrap of paper on which some words were hastily scrawled : " The Last Will of Mr. Veischoyle is in the eboDy cabinet in my room. I leave the country to-day ; it will be useless to try to follow or dis cover me. I am sorry for all .that has occurred. — V.S." 44 This simplifies matters considerably ; doesn't it, Dan !" I really find it in my heart to be almost sorry for him." " I think he was pnuished, Jack. I think he lived in coustaut terror of dis covery. Duriug the last month, his life seemed a sad burden to him. Surely the way of the transgressor is hard !" " Heaven help him, the poor wretch ! I at all events forgive him, and hope he may live to amend his ways," said Jack, to Jessie's sighed " Amen 1" Two months after, there was a very quiet wedding in St Margaret's, West minster. Jack and Jessie were united at last, after all their weary years of doubts and feara and hopes deferred; and they still live in thequiet gloomy oldhousein George Street The firm is now Quarter- main and Saunders ; for Jack kept on the old man, who was hardly accountable for his son's misdeeds. There is serious talk of making the firm Quartermain, Saunders, and Kennedy; for Dan hp not yet retnrned to " Kennedy's. "Clear? ing and whenever he talks of doing so, his words are drowned in a chorus of reproachful negatives. ' He aud Agnes, are married, aud lire tolerably happily in. Sloan Square; though Dan often longs for the freedom of the forest, and the rough aud ready luxury of the log cabin at Nebraska. If Agues would only con sent to accompany him, he would once more pack the calf-skin trunk, and start thither without delay. But every , other year brings a fresh fetter to bind' Agnes to her English home, and Kennedy's Clearing recedes farther and farther into the dim distance of the past. Even Dan himself is beginning to feel that he is chained by sundry clinging tiny arms, and persuaded to remain at home, as Paterfamilias should, by soft lisping voices. Jack and Jessie love the old honse in George Street, and are superlatively happy there. Nothing could induce them to change it for a gayer or more suburban residence. It is such a famous house to be cosy and comfortable, and even romantic in, nestling as it does uuder the shadow of the dear old Abbey, aud possessing out of-the way nooks and corners - innumerable. Often on the long cold winter evenings, when Dau with his great pipe is comfortably settled iu one corner, and Jack in the other, and Jessie and Agnes with their knitting or embroidery seated on low chairs before the great fire, Jack relates how he and Dau first chummed together, and recounts Some of the adventures and. dangers which Dan and he shared in the Far West aud in Australia ; and scarcely ever a New-year's Eve passes by that Dan does not sulemnly allude to Jack Quartermain's Vision, and its happy results. P.S. — From the day Val Saunders left the old honse in George Street to this, he has never been heard of. Year after year, Jack and Jessie and his poor feeble old father expect him to return — poor and penitent; or poor, without being penitent ; or penitent, without being poor. Year after year Jack wonders what has become of him, and sometimes he thinks he tnnst be dead. In all pro bability he is. He had not the qualifi cations necessary for a magnificent sinner. Failure would be worse than death to a man of hie temperament ; and the over throw of all -his plans was complete. Bnt time alone can discover what has become of him : and his friends, or rather those who had been his friends — earnestly hope that he has repented of his wickedness and ingratitude ; and learned that honesty is still the best policy. 