Rev. Thomas Jones's Farewell Services. Since the arrival in the colony some three years ago of the Rev. Thomas Jones, who was selected by a commission in England as the pastor of the Collins street Independent Church, his popularity as a sincere, eloquent preacher has never waned, and the esteem in which he is held at the present time, now that he is on the eve of his departure to the old country, was testified on Sunday in the crowded attendances at the services in the church with which he has been connected in Melbourne. On Sunday Mr. Jones preached his last sermons here, and in the morning addressed a plain, yet forcible, lesson to his congregation from the story of Samson's betrayal, taking for his text especially the words, 44 He wist not that the Lord was departed from him" (Judges xvi. 20). At the evening service, the accom modation afforded by the church was taxed to the utmost, and long before 7 o'clock the building was crowded with a very large number of visitors from other churches, besides the usual full attendance of seat- holders. Side aisles, landings, and every point where the preacher could be heard, or whence he could be seen, were occupied, and many persons were forced to turn away, unable to gain admission. The reverend gentleman took as the text for his last sermon in the colony the words — 44 The God of hope fill yon with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost." (Romans xv. 13). In oft-times broken utterances, that told how keen was the parting, the pastor bade farewell to his Hock in those words, exhorting them to press onward in the path of righteous ness, and his constant prayer would be for the welfare, not only of the church he was leaving behind him, but for all congregations I in the city of Melbourne. At the close of this earnest Exhortation the congregation pressed round the pulpit in great numbers to wish their pastor farewell, and for a con siderable time Mr, Jones was engaged in shaking hands with his friends, young and old, all of whom joined in wishing him a pros perous voyage hack to England. Mr. Jones irill leave the colony by the mail boat sailing hence on the 19th inst. No arrangements have yet been made for his permanent suc cessor at the Collins street Independent Church, but a commission has been appointed at home for the purpose of choosing a minister to fill the vacant pulpit. 