, . : - ,?sPakt ,ii.—nebraska, r. .w...n -j-.tii . '.Dad, Dan I Wake up; old > man; quiet!, i. aay, ,"rr- -nf* I., iv.i A +: Dan rolled himself over laztly, raised himself; on one elbow, and glancofcrouud: the;apart-: inentthen Bank backUeL-mrelyon. his;pillow, with;a long deep sigh of gratitude. .' : • rM aay, you.everlasting-iflleeper^.-will you roujeupp' . ■] { .r'l ;,- VT0O ; H00ny Jack—hours -too) soon ; fnot near ' mornin'.* - ; All right,..old fellow'; I'll j turn . .out presantly/ murmured'- Eau, drowailv. ... . .* .. \ - ;Jack.Quartermain jumped up from the.rude couoh he hud boon sharing with Dari- Kenn^dy, and prooeuded 10 dre*s himself by tho Jignt of the Are, which still smouldered on the hearth ; then he piled on:more logs, and.thrmviughim. self on .a: rug, looked: steadily.,at thebUze,: whichJeapedaud deuced-and flickered; as<tbe. fierce ..wind, swept down ;tho wide tchimuey. For fully an hour.Jack mused by,the fire; then, he gave a.long lovinsr look around the rude Ne briiska .cabin ho shared..withhis ohutn,glanced. at hia tattered, buttered. travcl-stniued leather portmanteau,- which had :been for nearly six years bin . faithful travolliug companion, and calculi ed; it* oapauity for. yet another (voyage gave a passing look of,regret and complacency.: at Pan's gorged, unwieldly, calf-fikia trunk .which contained .their united .savings; .and \ then: ho heaved a deep sigh ;aa. his 'glance fell on the stalwart form of? Dan himself sleeping peacefully on his hard bed. ~ Another half hour .was passed in study of the ■■r glowing logs,and thou Jaek.producod; from an. " old rosewood desk; which stood on.,a .lodge in. one i corner .of:-the log-hut, a little packet/of ; ■letters, atid road them oyer carefully. byVth light of the fire.'. Two of them were-from Jess ,. sieHamilton; tender, loving,' womanly letters full; of. trust,' affection,, aud encouragement* •-... They were, written "during the first few months - - after his departure, and were the only ones'he had ever received. The others .were fromv.,Val' • Saunders, cheery,.chatty epistles, full of vows *''' of world-.without-end friendship, and. gOBsip " / about their mutual friends and the doings'at the ofSoe.The last of these was dated just a , Sear after Jack .Quartermain had sailed for ' Tew York, and containing the startling intelli- /. gence—told with evident reluctance and much .' sympathy—that Jessie was false. She "had ', given her.exiled lover np, and was engaged to -' be married to.his successor'at Yerschoyle and"" Saunders's.^ This intelligence coupled . with.. Jessie's long silence, in'spite of his earnest en treaties, for a single line, convinced Jack that something really was wrong. So he had writ-, ten one more letter, freeing his cousin from her engagement with him, and asking for there turn of his letters, his carte, and other trifling ' ' mementos of their unfortunate affection.But 'J. even that brought no reply. And Yal, to Whom " .he had also written and had poured out all his despair, and misery, was/silent' too. .They;''/ would not even write and tell him if the . deeds ' had been found, or if his uncle .- was alive 'and " v well; . •' .. Six months of utter .misery^ arid suspense 'r foUowing; and then in a fit of. sheer despera- x" tion Jack, joined a hand of daring adventurers bound for Nevada, and went in for gold-Y - digging. He had.been, from the time he had 'J landed in the United States, a'clerk in a' great.J store in Jersey City, and was working big way" y ' into the esteem and confidence of biB employers^'' when the Gold fever seized him, or rather tho ; fever of discontent, and herushed off tothie ! West, without a moment's consideration, in''* Bearch of wealth he did not want, and of peace: he was certain not to find. A week of the wU4u : lawless life at the diggings was quite enough * for. Jack. A week was enough for another of' the party also. These two, by a sort of natural < ' selection,made friends with each other; and' one night they left the camp without * heat of " • drum' or saying farewell to anybody *. ' : Dan Kennedy led the way in the retreat from • gold-land. He proposed a sheep-walk sn: Ana- -- trulia and peace and solitude, instead of ;th» • bowie-knives and braggadocio of " the Roaring ■ '■ Camp*' at Nevada : and so they sailed::from y San Francisco to Sydney, and were soon Los t in the Australian hush. For three years they hadi >. lived a not unhappy or eventful life. / They ,i . were not growing enviably rich,nor thinking of y( retiring from their laboure. On the contrary, they worked hard late and early, and.put what v they could in .the calf-skin trunk. Summer and. * winter, seed-time and harvest, these two. men, ^ lived together in their cabin, their chief oopa-?^ patiun their sheep; their amusement a skirmish with a band of natives or a few bushrangers; -r their intellectual food a Bible, a Shakespeare,. .', and a copy of Burns, which Dan Kennedy al-/ .[ ways carried in his pocket. - Then a sudden*/ whim seized Jack; he wanted to go hack to America; he was sick of bush-life and eheepi were an abomination to him. Dan—the moat ' complacent of men—counted the hoard in' the1/', trunk, and thought that they mightmanage it. . Then he disposed of the farm and stock; and*J once more they crossed the sea and Bet out^ on'r" their rambles. /• ! '•;; * After roving from State to 8Ute, and from , ' I city to city till their finances were almost ex-;*" hausted, Dan resolved to settle in the territory/ : of Nebraska; obtained a grant of land, built n.' * log-hut, and declared that he had settled down ; for. life. He was happy at last. Bound in by forests; out of the truck of settlers; far from civilisation ; a magnificent roontry, which 8uj£ ;j plied game in abundance; a noble river, < teem--; ing with fish; fruit aud flowers in profusion.^ : Surely 1 Kennedy's Clearing' was an earthly ^ ' paradise; at least so it seemed in the summery 1 when the trees were laden with' frutfj the air--; with, 'melody and fraurgnce. But in the*' 1* autumn, when the- rainy season set in, it was1, hot'quite so like a'paradise; and in the winter the. cold was intense. For a little while Iackf: v ..was contented in' Nebraska ;.lut BuddenIy h0'; . was seized with the spirit of unrest again.: He/J wanted to go somewhere he had never been", to ; . do something he had never done—in short he :: . wonted'a changed But Dan was deaf to -his? k' imin'uatidns and hints, and turned a most un- 6 ' sympathetic ear to his murmurs. . He was sefc tied for life/he'eaid, with his Bible, his Burns,'- - bis calfskin trunk, and his Sbakspeare.Ho had taken4 Kennedy's1 Clearing* for better or- ^ worse, and h- meant to stick to hifl bargain.v;r -- ;Y4/Yes, my bov.; I'm planted here, and. took/*-' root; I have,,xsaid Dan, upon a certain"cold; '' DecembernigbfcL 1 It's no use your putting but s feelers;! .-I ain't a-goin* to go off half-cocked ' . again. So long as the clearing sticks to. me, so'- '• long I stick* to the clearing. 4 You can move on <1 'ifvmi libA ?•>'.! : ' • ...•-/•• if you like?' , 5* Why, yoil Turk V Jack cried reproachfully,' *• .throwing more pine logs on the fire, 'Do yoa-'C v think I'm going to leave you here all by :your .self, like Bbhinson: Crusoe ? - No; ■ old fellow ;7/ 1 Til stick by the clearing too; only; it's a- -• .melancholy consolation to grnmble a little nowV. • and again—a Briton's privilege yon know !* 4Bad practice,'. Dan remarked. 'Does no .. manner of good, any way. I say, Jaok,„do v. you know what night this is?' . . .fYes; Thursday, Why?' • • > I -!«; , It's New Year's Eve, lad, and I've made-1 * .provision forA .jollification/ Dan.replied;^ '1.5 i gave one of my .best axes and a pair of .woollen stockings in exchange for five cigafa and -ni bottle of Schiedam,.*.' Whatido you think of !' thiit, myl son Ply.- .*«' ' ■; .-.i-r.ihs ? ,;41 think it was recklessly extravagant of yon,-:' old man. - But'as the temptations to-that viceo - - aro so few,I think you may be pardoned; We'll emoke .the old year, out, audi drink .the new yeuo ' in; and better luck to.all of-us -ynQTi I , iBatter,., luck! What. better. ilnckj do jw.yn wantf' exclaimedT)an, 'Ain'twe m h»ppy bs kinjrs hero ? Plenty of work; plenty of fun ; enougVto ent, drink, and weir. Jfo mister^ to serve; :no servants to sooM > not too tunny visi tors t11 Bore' us ; and besides, we re making inonftv!' ' * Ye*; all that's very well. But ft fallow is Ipt to jfet tired of his own inestimable society ioinetimes, vou know.'grumbled Jack. 'I never do!'and Dan *ave a tremendous Stret-h. ' X make it a point of always beine on friendly terms'with myself; there's nothing like it, lad. Jack, my boy, I wish you were married; Qo dovra east, and bring back a missis for the. clearing, and Til play second-fiddle directly.!' ' V ' J&'.k "shrugged". his ' shoulders, knitted his brows'and bit hi. somewhat ragged moustache as be invariably"did whenniatrimony was men tioned.., Butb*e male no retort. It never en tered his he*dto ask Dan why be didn't bring a 4 missis* t? the'clearing himself, though Ken nedy 'was the" most thoroughly bachelor tqnatterin the territory, though the sturdiest, healthiest, handsomest young fellow within a hundred miles Dan had a dead-and«gone love affair, and he told Jack Quarteraaiu all about it in the early days of their friendship ; spoke tenderly,reverently, oT his lost love, Ju$t as he might ."peak of His dead mother. Just once he gave his chum a peep into his heart, let him 'soe below the surface for & moment; and Jack's honest eyes filled with sympathetic tears -as he saw what a deep, raw, aching wound his friend 60 bravely carried and con eealed. .Once, and once only, did be attempt a little rbu§;h commonplace consolatioa; and lie never forgot the loo\ of agony which swept across Dan's face, never forgot the mute appeal of his eyes, and how he raised his strong right arm,as if to ward off a blow. Even after that, Jack spoke many a time of his love affairs ; but neither in jest "nor in earnest did he ever allude to Dan's—it was the one solitary for. bidden subject between them. It was, as we have said, New Year's Eve— the fifth^ince Jack Quartermain had left home and love and friends, and gone forth to seek bis fortune, resting under the shadow of un merited suspicion. For more than four.years he had not heard a single word from England —not a line from hi* uncle, from Jessie, or from his old friend Val launders. * I can't make it out, Dan/ he said, from the midst of a cloud of fragrant smoke—all that was left of .two of the five cigars 'I can't understand it, old fello*. Val must be dead, or he would have answered my letters. I'm not •o surprised Jessie—all women are false and deceitful; it's their nature But Val was such b good-hearted, good-natured sort of fellow! He must:be dead.' Dan growled ont something which might be taken for an assent, or might not. 4 What do you mean by that ?1 exclaimed Jack a tittle impatiently. * Do yon think he's dead, or do you think he isn't, Dan P * * Well—really I have no pleasure in con jecturing,* replied Dan slowly, as he puffed 1 away at the last cigar, for which they had drawn lots. 4 Mr. Yal Saunders ain't any par ticular friend of mine, you know; but it's my private opinion that if he is dead, it's a good riddance of bad value!' * You're as bad as Jeesie; just as jealous and unreasonable,* Jack retorted crossly. It did seem very hard that the only two people in the world he really cared about should each have an unreasonable prejudice against the person he liked next best. Dan, however, replied good-bumouredly to hii fretful grumbling, laughed at the idea of j his being Jealous of an individual he had never j teen; and then after drinking farewell to the departing year, and a merry greeting to the new one,.which was ushered in by a lusty north wind, which promised plenty of snow, the two men st£od for a few minutes lookiog into the glowing, embers on the hearth, wrung each other's hands with a heavty grip, and laid themselves down to rest with a none the less fervent bedause voiceless prayer. Jack.was the first to fall asleep. The un usual dissipation of Schiedam and cigars, added to the fatigue of a hard day's work and the genial drowsy warmth of the cabin, sent him off into a.heavy slumber, from . which he awoke, with a sudden start to find himself bathed in cool perspiration, and great drops of moisture standing on his forehead. His first | impulse was to rouse up Dan; but that was very much easier proposed than done. He was : a sound sleeper at all times; and his answers I to Jack's repeated calls came dreamily and | irrelevantly. Then, as was narrated at the | beginning of this chapter, Jack got up, dressed | himself,sat by the fire, read over bis old let- I ters and then studied the fire again; and when Dan did. open his eyes with the fir tit dawn of the morning he saw his chum staring steadily at the'dgll, red embers. ' Too np first, old fellow I' he exclaimed in amazement. ' Why, what on earth is the matter f * Oh^nothing,' Jack raid, starting like a man who had- been routed from an unpleasant, dream, ./Nothing the matter, Dan; only I'm going, back: to England;' 'Back to England, Jack! When? Why?'. 4 When—to-day Why—because I have seen a vision; Dan. Don't ask me anything more j about' it, old boy, for I can't tell you ;only I must go home at once!' ' Why, goodness bless my soul, Jack! have ^ou seen a ghost V * Worse than that—ever so much worse than that What I saw was a reality, Dan. I'm lorry to leave you. old fellow; bu: it will be ! only for a time. I'll come back to the clearing if I live Ion? enough; but I cannot put off my j departure for h riugle day.' * Look sharp, then, and root up Abram, and j tell hi™ to get out the buggy. We'll have a •harp drive of it; and there's every promise of a heavy snowfall!' j * Bot you're not coming, Dan ? ■ 'But I am,though. >ou don't nuppose I'm going to let you start on snch a journey by ; yourself T Ifyou will go to England, I'll go with yonV- But I think you know * Gently, old fellow. Don't offer an opinion! till you know the circumstances/ said Jack gs*T6*f* 'It'* awfully good of you, Dan, to offeFto aocompany me. But T cannot consent to your doing it. 1 know you lore thin plarie/ and ilon't want to leave it.' No more do I. But I don't want to - leave you either, or rather let you leave me. Wo eati hud another clearing, old boy; but there's only one !Jack- QuartermHtn—that Dan Kennedy knows of, ami he has no intention of losing fight of bira. Drag oat the old calf-skin, lad; he and I'll cross the herring-pond once more. So say no more about it. I'm not naturally superstitious; and dreams and visions and such like I set down to simple indigestion; but I do feel the most extraordinary sensation in'-my head this morning, just as if Bow Bells were whispering; 41 Go back to England, Dan! Go back to England !"' ! (Zb bt continued ne*( week) 