THE MERCURY WEDNESDAY MORNING, DEC. 1, 1880. When Mr. Alderman PIKE some years ago tendered his services to the citizens, and volun- teered to look after their interests if they would elect him to the office of Alderman, he certainly managed to create a surprise, as, except taking an occasional prominent part in electioneering, he had never shown much interest in public affairs, or much aptitude for public business, but since then his talents have developed, and he on Monday showed to how good an account he had turned his opportunities. To the former surprise which his appearance on the stage of public life caused, he has by his successful work- ing the oracle as an Alderman, and carrying his point as a citizen, added an astonishment that seems to have fairly astounded the citizens, who are at a loss how to divide the honours of stratagem, intrigue, and chicanery between him and his fidus Achates, Mr. Alderman WATCHORN, though there is a disposition to give the first place to Alderman PIKE whose masterly skill has had a lustre shed on it by the success with which he has prepared for graduation an apt and willing pupil. Though Alderman WATCHORN has much yet to learn, he is certainly in a fair way of acquiring the per- fection of his instructor. But Alderman PIKE, however gratified he may have been with the facility with which his disciple fell into his new mode of conducting business, must have been considerably disgusted with the greater facility with which Alderman WATCHORN let the cat out of the bag. The nonchalance with which the latter admitted, in reply to Alderman MAHER's fishing question, that he and Alderman PIKE had manipulated the Waterworks Committee report, shows that Alderman WATCHORN is one not to be frightened by trifles. He palpably looked on a piece of conduct that has neither apologist or extenuator among the public, as an act of which there was nothing to be ashamed. In this we doubt not he has ere now found his mistake, for he must have gathered that in the conspiracy to which he had lent himself at the instigation of Alderman PIKE, he has so materially shaken public confidence as to make his return at the coming election a thing of much greater uncertainty than it was. A long and pretty intimate knowledge of the con- duct of public business fails to enable us to recall a single instance of such a shameful prosti- tution of official position; such a barefaced attempt to impose on the City Council, as the deliberate conclusion of one of its Committees, and through the Council on the City, what was neither more nor less than a piece of intrigue on the part of a solitary member, who has, ever since the dismissal of the late Director of Water- works, appeared to have a private or personal object in view. As a Member of the Water- works Committee, Alderman PIKE had peculiar opportunities of furthering his individual pur- poses, but there is such a thing as public opinion, which seldom calls on the Press in vain to come to its aid, and public opinion and the Press were evidently at no distant date regarded by Alderman PIKE as too many for his purpose, for in the report of the proceedings of the meeting of the City Council held no longer ago than the 15th inst. we read, under the heading of Waterworks, the following:—"Alder- man PIKE said, as the Waterworks Committee were not prepared to bring up any report respecting the professional opinion which had been obtained from Mr. GORDON, C.E., and the letter with reference thereto received from Mr. CHRISTOPHERSON, it was thought advisable to have the subject removed from the notice paper for the present. He moved that the matter be discharged from the notice prper. The motion was seconded by Alderman MAHER, and agreed to." Many, as well as Alderman ESPIE, considered that the subjects on which Aldermen PIKE and WATCHORN had managed to raise a difference of opinion, were thus at rest, at any rate till Mr. GORDON should have an opportunity of determining between the City Engineer, Mr. JAMES, and the protégé of the two Aldermen who figured in so unenviable a light at Monday's meeting of the Council; and Alderman ESPIE's enquiry, why now renew the vexed question has appeared to the public generally so pertinent that they agree in Alderman ESPIE's conclusion that the ficti- titious report of the Committee, for fictitious it was, showed "a desire to snatch something— was not the way to do things." The report of the proceedings read so strangely that little need be added to the bare narrative, to demand an explanation on the part of those who would possess the confidence of the public. Alderman PIKE can defy the consequences for a time, but his friend, Alderman WATCHORN, is now before the citizens who may well ask him to justify his action before placing him in a position to repeat it. So far he has succeeded in securing so general a respect as to make his last escapade all tho more inexplicable, and we feel assured that had any one else been tempted to so commit himself, Alderman WATCHORN would have endorsed the public condemnation. Let him read his conduct in the light of the following narrative. The Waterworks Committee, finding that the public did not approve of a discarded officer being allowed to advise them, reported to the Council that they were not prepared to take further action, and would wait the determination of Mr. GORDON, an eminent consulting engineer. The public being thus thrown off their guard, and one of the Committee, whose decided opposition was certain, not having been invited—at any rate, not being present—the other two met, and after trying to talk Mr. JAMES into giving up his opinion in favour of that of Mr. CHRISTOPHERSON, a suggestion to this effect was made by Alder- man PIKE, but Alderman WATCHORN did not see his way to agreeing, because, as he himself ex- plains it, he had often said he would never vote against the opinion of their professional advisers, or set up his judgment against theirs. The meeting broke up, and Alderman PIKE failed in his attempt to withdraw from the line of action he had himself not a fortnight before laid down. But rid of the presence of Mr. JAMES, Alderman PIKE, after he and Alderman WATCHORN had left the Town Hall, again approached his brother Alderman on the subject, and so successfully that the two returned to the Town Hall and there in the name of the Committee agreed to a cut and dried report, recommending the very thing which Alderman WATCHORN had a few hours before said he would never assent to, and regarding which the one member of the Com- mittee who probably knew anything of the subject, was never consulted. At the meeting of the Council on Monday he was as much taken by surprise as were the public out of doors. Well might Alderman ESPIE say this was not the way to do things. Where is it to end, and what would be the practical result? A man in a public position may have a pecuniary interest to serve in the success of one man, or a grudge to gratify against another. Finding in the ordinary mode of business no means of effect- ing his purpose, he accepts his defeat, but at same time, after privately sounding his colleagues and porsuading, by means which would probably not bear investigation, a majority to agree to become his willing tools, he gets them to surreptitiously meet, carefully avoiding the presence of those who cannot be got at, and presto! that is done in private and illegally which was rejected in public and in ordinary course. Public business so conducted would be a simple and easy means of benefiting one's self at the public expense. It is the first step to corruption and fraud. Those implicated sought to justify themselves by arguing that the report meant nothing, as it was contingent on Mr. GORDON's approval. But if no point was to be gained, why disturb the previous arrange- ment? Should we be far wrong in suggesting that Aldermen PIKE and WATCHORN calculated on the effect which such an expression of opinion might have on Mr. GORDON. As it has turned out, if like the "heathen Chinee," they indulged in "ways that are dark," so also like the "heathen Chinee," they have found themselves engaged in "tricks that are vain," for now Aldermen PIKE and WATCHORN stand before the public as parties to a scheme that was anything but creditable to them. Of course they had followers. Alderman DALY gave them, as he always does, a silent vote, and Alderman SEABROOK, having expressed his dissatisfaction that the report was not accompanied by certain figures, with characteristic modesty supplied the omission, and, as if this were all that was required to make the report of the Committee a perfect document, voted with the innovators on the ordinary mode of doing business which has hitherto prevailed in the management of public affairs, and which has been deemed essential to the protection of the public interests. INTERCOLONIAL FILES.—By the arrival at Laun- ceston, on Monday, of the s.s. Esk, from Sydney, and that of the s.s. Ringarooma, from New Zea- land, at this port yesterday, we have received files of New South Wales papers of the 24th and 25th ult., and of New Zealand papers of the 19th to 25th ult. INWARD ENGLISH MAIL.—Some little despatch was made in forwarding from Melbourne to Hobart Town the report of the movements of the incoming English mail, for the R.M.S, Bokhara anchored in Hobson's Bay at 3 a.m. yesterday, and this fact was actually known in Hobart Town at 1 p.m., a feat creditable to all concerned in the transmission of the news. A like celerity was displayed by the local office, for the flag denoting the arrival of the mail steamer at Melbourne was not run up on the staff at the rear of the Town Hall until fully an hour after the receipt of the information. The s.s, Flinders, with the English mail, consisting of 32 bags and 3 packages, left the Melbourne wharf at 10 a.m., and would receive the Tasmanian portion of the mails from the Bokhara in the bay. The Flinders should have left for Launceston about noon, and if she makes one of her rapid trips, she should reach Tamar Heads about 5 o'clock this morning. This would give ample time for the steamer to get to Launceston, and the mails to be sent on to this city by express train. A delivery will therefore take place at the General Post Office shortly after 10 o'clock to-night, THE PIEMAN TRACK.—It is with unfeigned satis- faction that we learn that our Mount Bischoff correspondent had been misinformed as to the extent of Mr. Sprent's communication to the Track Association. Our correspondent speaks to- day for himself, and others must have also been misled, for similar information was communicated to our Northern contemporary. The error must have arisen from misapprehension of a telegram for- warded by the Minister of Lands to Mr Sprent on 23rd ult., asking him for suggestions as to the best way of expending £500 on the track, though why only £500 is not said, and we are now authorised on the part of the Minister of Lands to say that Mr. A. Hall, who has done such good work track- cutting in the Huon, and latterly in Gould's Country and adjacent mining districts, has been for some days under orders to proceed to Mount Bischoff, and take the superintendence of making a proper track. We congratulate the Minister of Lands on the action he has taken, and on the selec- tion of a person to act on behalf of Government, for, knowing something of Mr. Hall and the work he has latterly done, a fitter superintendent could hardly have been found. If Mr. Hall is not un- necessarily hampered, he will do what has not been yet done—open up the Pieman. While we regret having on so usually reliable authority been led to criticise rather severely the action of the Minister of Works and of the Ministry generally, we are glad that the mistake has been the means of making public the knowledge of the Government inten- tions. MR. ARNOLD'S TASMANIAN BISCUIT WORKS.—His Excellency Sir Henry Lefroy having visited nearly all the public institutions and made himself ac- quainted to some extent with their mode of manage- ment, has now entered upon the work of visiting such private establishments as have, through their proprietors, extended invitations for him to do so. Yesterday afternoon His Excellency and Lady Lefroy, with Captain Hussey, called at the Tas- manian Biscuit Works, were shown through the various departments, and had the manufacture of the various goods explained to them. The Vice- Regal party expressed their pleasure at what they saw, and on leaving the establishment were accorded a thoroughly British round of cheers. THE SOLOMON ISLAND MASSACRE.—The com- mander of the H.M. gunboat Sandfly was Lieut. James St. Clair Bower, who will be remembered in Hobart Town as having been Navigating Lieut. on H.M.S. Dante, when that vessel was here last summer. Lieut. Bower became a midshipman on the 19th December, 1866, and was appointed to the Hercules, belonging to the Channel Squadron, in 1871. He became a sub- lieut. on the 13th March, 1872, and was appointed to the turret ship Devastation, on the 7th January, 1873. Subse- quently, in April, 1875, he joined the Shearwater as lieut., and in July of the same year the Nassau, both of which vessels were then on the east coast of Africa. In November, 1877, he was appointed to the Dante, and a few months ago he succeeded Lieut. Cecil Horne in command to the Sandfiy. Lieut. Bower was looking forward to visiting Hobart Town again during the coming summer, and we are sure that his death will occasion much regret to his many friends here. SYDNEY EXHIBITION.—A meeting of the Com- mission was held yesterday, when some business of a routine character was transacted. The Secretary was instructed to write to Sir P. A. Jennings respecting an exhibit of Mr. Jenkin's, which was marked in a catalogue as having been sold. EXAMINATIONS.—The matriculation examinations in connection with the University of Melbourne commence this morning, at the Board-room, Mac- quarie-street. Hobart Town is the Tasmanian centre for these examinations, and the Council of Education manage the proceedings. PUBLICATIONS.—The People's Friend for December gives a resume of the proceedings at the Interna- tional Temperance Conference in Melbourne, and of the meeting of the Worthy Grand Lodge (Good Templarism) of Australasia.—Mr. Wm. Thompson, F.R.C.S., has just published a pamphlet on "Con- tagion alone the cause of Typhoid Fever in Melbourne." Mr. Thompson is intimately acquainted with the subject, for he some time ago made a report on typhoid fever at the request of the Government. He contends that the fluctuations that have taken place in the fever rate are due, not to atmospheric or telluric agencies, separately or together, or one or both, working with filth favours in any shape or form, but to contagion. ANNUAL LICENSING MEETINGS.—The annual meetings of justices of the peace for licensing busi- ness will be held to-day throughout the colony. The Hobart meeting takes place at the Town Hall, at 10 o'clock, and in consequence of overcrowding last year, we have been requested to state that no one except the justices, solicitors engaged in cases, and police officials, will be allowed within the bar- rier. There is no burning question to be settled, so that the proceedings are not likely to be as lively as usual. The one application for a new license, namely, that of Mr. W. W. Garrett, for the Rose and Crown Hotel, Elizabeth-street, is one in which the justices may very well relax the hard- and- fast line they have laid down for regulating their conduct. There is little that is new to be said in connection with the case, which is one of peculiar hardship, but unless there is any police objection to the applicant, or anything else, it is hard to see how the refusal of the license can be any longer insisted on. ASSESSMENT ROLL.—A meeting of justices of the peace was called, at noon yesterday, at the City Police Court, for the purpose of hearing appeals against the assessment rolls for the city and district of Hobart for the year 1881. The aggrieved property holders were duly in attendance, but only two justices, out of the scores on the roll, had responded to the call upon them. The faithful ones were Messrs. W. Tarleton and General Irvine. After waiting half an hour the Court was further ad- journed sini die. At some future date the appellants will be again summoned to attend that their grievances may be heard—possibly with a similar result to the above. Are the justices to blame, or, as we find to be the case in some instances, were they not summoned? CITY POLICE COURT.—At the City Police Court yesterday morning, before the Police Magistrate and Dr. Blyth, J.P., three drunkards were fined 5s. each, or, in default of payment, seven days' im- prisonment. Inspector Duggan, of the S.P.C.A., complained against a lad named Gordon, a servant of Hawkes, the Corporation contractor, for working a horse with a sore back. Gordon pleaded guilty, and was fined 2s. 6d,, the costs being remitted— the Bench expressing an opinion that the master should have been summoned rather than the man. INQUEST.—An enquiry was held yesterday after- noon, at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argyle-street, be- fore Mr. Coroner Tarleton and a jury of seven (of whom Mr. William Teed was foreman), into the cir- cumstances attending the death of Mary Ann Cooper, the woman whose body was found in the water near the Monarch wharf, on Sunday morn- ing last. Joseph Hopwood, lodginghouse-keeper, Lower Macquarie-street, deposed to the deceased coming to his house on Saturday evening, when she arranged and paid for her bed for the night. She was not sober, and he knew her to be a woman of drunken habits. Dr. Holden, of the General Hos- pital, deposed to the state of the body when re- ceived at the institution. There were no marks of violence, and the appearance was as if death had been caused by drowning. Constable Gadd, of the Territorial Police, said that about 10 o'clock on Saturday night he heard sounds, like faint woman's screams, and searched the wharf, but could find nobody. In the morning he was called, and took the body of deceased out of the water, conveying it to the dead-house. William Legrand, who was out for a walk early on Sunday morning, described how he found the body floating in the water. Elliott, the city watchhouse-keeper, who identified the body, deposed to the irregular habits of the deceased, and that she could only have been out of gaol a very few days. After hearing the re- marks of the Coroner, the jury, in accordance with his recommendation, returned a verdict that the deceased was "found drowned," but that there was not sufficient evidence to show how she came into the water. BOAT RACE.—A pair-oared boat race, between two crews oomposed of employés from Mr. J. Heathorn's bakery establishment, will take place this evening. The race starts at half-past 6, and the course to be pulled over is from the Esplanade round the brig Velocity, moored inside Government House point, and back to starting place. CRICKET.—The match, Derwent v. Break o'Day, was not concluded yesterday afternoon, as was in- tended, owing to the inability of some of the players in the latter club to attend. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN AGRICULTURAL AND PAS- TORAL SOCIETY.—A meeting of the committee was hold last evening, when the hon. Secretary re- ported the result of the recent annual show, and the loss which the society was presumed to have experienced, owing to the unfavourable weather. The committee then proceeded to consider the accounts and prize money. The amount of prizes, £211 1s., was passed for payment, as well as the account for cups, £58 6s., which does not include Mr. Jos. Clarke's and Mr. Kermode's handsome cups, and Walsh Bros', clock. This will make the value of the prizes awarded over £300. Other ac- counts, amounting to £120, for improvements, etc., on the ground, were also passed for payment. The Secretary reported that several gentlemen had not yet sent in their subscriptions, but when received the society would be enabled to dis- charge all its liabilities. Perhaps the gentlemen in question will take the hint. The prize-list for the Dog Show was then submitted, and after careful supervision was passed, and will be printed in the course of a day or two. It was resolved that the Show be held on Saturday, December 18, and that entries should close on the 15th, at 4 o'clock, the entrance fee being fixed at 2s. The Secretary was instructed to endeavour to get the use of the drill- yard, Lower Macquarie-street, for holding the show. A protest was brought before the committee, but as rule 13, necessitating protests being in the hands of the Secretary by 4 o'clock on the day of the show had not been complied with, it was resolved that it could not be entertained. ALDERMANIC ELECTION.—Mr. John Clark and Mr. James Gregory publish addresses to the electors to-day, notifying their intention to become candi- dates for seats in the City Council. Mr. Watchorn's address appeared some time ago, and we are authorised to say that Mr. Belbin and Mr. Risby will also contest the seats. Their addresses will be advertised to-morrow._ LETTERS PATENT.—The Attorney-General granted letters patent yesterday to Mr. John Berger Spence, of Lombard-street, London, for an invention for certain improvements in the manufacture of metallic compounds, and in the application of such com- pounds to various purposes. "THE GHOST."—We are informed that the in- dividual who is acting so cowardly, by appearing as a "ghost," succeeded in frightening a number of girls on the Castray Esplanade on Monday night. A correspondent suggests that the Mayor should offer a reward for the capture of the scoundrel, who takes good care to avoid the male sex. Whether the suggestion is acted upon or not, it is quite time some steps were taken to put a stop to this game, as many females are now afraid to venture out after dark. Might we suggest that a number of men dress themselves as women, and armed with the means of giving the ghost a warm reception, stroll about, waiting his attentions, GIFT CONCERT.—The high price of admission fixed for the gift concert, which was held at the Tas- manian Hall last evening, made the audience rather a scanty one, but, beyond the attraction of the presents that were distributed at the end, the pro- gramme was a very good one, placing it fairly on level with the many pleasant little conoerts given during the past winter by the Trinity Association, and deserving far more liberal reoognition. The Artillery band occupied the orchestra, and from that some- what awkward situation played four or five selec- tions of dance and operatic music in excellent style under the leadership of the honorary conductor of the concert, their own bandmaster, Herr Schott. The vocal music was a little over the heads of the audience to all appearances, and the selections were too long for many encores, The only re-demand, indeed, fell to Mr. Ambler for a mucisianly render- ing of Lockwood's "Those weeping eyes." The other vocalists were the Misses Stuart, Hanson, Forster, and Mrs. H. Susman, and Messrs. H. W. Chapman, F. Hanson, and E. Rogers, all of whom acquitted themselves well. Miss Mayer played two piano solos with her usual skill, besides sharing the task of accompanying with Herr Schott. The dis- tribution of a number of pretty and useful articles wound up the evening. MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT.—The Nubian Min- strel Club, which has recently been formed, rallied their friends around them at an invitation concert, which was held in St. John's schoolroom, Goulburn- street, last evening. There was a very numerous attendance, and the maiden effort of the club was much appreciated, The pleasure of the evening was enhanced to no inconsiderable degree by the playing of the accompanyist, Miss Hemingway. FISHING.—The take of fish at Bridgewater last week was very small—only síx, as follows:—Mon- day, 1; Tuesday, 3; Thursday, 1; and Satur- day, 1. THE MISSING PATIENT.—No tidings have been received of the whereabouts of William Ibbott, jun., the patient who suddenly left the hospital on Saturday morning last. It was supposed that he would find his way home to Colebrook Vale, Lower Jerusalem, but his parents advertise to-day for in- formation respecting him. He was attired in dark trousers and light coat and vest. In the Gazette notices yesterday, among the tendors accepted, the names Moses Hutchins and Pemberton should be Messrs. Hutchins and Pemberton. The error is the Gazette's, not ours. The amount should be £180 17s. A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Ragged Sohool Association is to be held at the Bible Depot, this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. The annual meeting of shareholders in the Com- mercial Bank is to be held on Monday next, at noon, to elect directors and officers. A meeting of members of the Macquarie Plains Railway Committee is to be held at the Gretna Green Hotel, on Monday next, at 3 o'clock. A tea meeting and concert, in aid of the Church of England Sunday school, will be held at Kingston, on Tuesday next. It is notified that the Turkish Bath will be closed for cleaning on Friday and Saturday next. On and after Monday next Mr. and Mrs. Duster, from the Arcade Bath, Melbourne, who have had considerable experience in baths, will take the management. Miss Whiteside will give a demonstration of superior household cookery in the Alliance Rooms, at 3 p.m. to- day. _ 