THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORN/NG, JUTA'S, 1S80. Tub letter of Mr. John Macfarlane, which appears in this morning's Mercury, deserves the serious attention of the Christian and philan- thropic community, and will, we hope, call attention to a movement which cannot be too highly appreciated, and also apply such a stimulus as will bring to a speedy and successful issue négociations which have too long been kept in suspense, because the gentlemen who took the initiative in the matter have met with apathy and indifference where they had reason to expect hearty and active co- operation. The subject of a reformatory for young women is a matter of national importance-pre-ominontly the work of a wiso and kind Government. Every day, Judges and Magistrates, when called on to deal with juvonilo offenders, with the unfortunates who have fallon but are not hardened in vico, have liad to deplore the ter riblenccessityof having to sentence such offenders to incarceration in gaol ; there, probably, to loso what self-respect was left them, to herd with persons inured to crime, and to re-enter society moro prepared to be a. scourge to it than they were when first arrested in their career of crime. At the late sittings of the Criminal Court, Launceston, a painfully interesting conversation took place on tin's subject between His Honor, the Chief Justice, and the Attorney General. The interest then' expressed in the probable fate - of a young boy whose home influences had been of the most adverse character, did honour to the Chief Justice and to the learned Counsel ; and wo can easily con- ceive that had the prisoner been a girl, both gentlemen, had such been possible,.would have boon still moro eloquent in advocating a shelter from the criminal atmosphero of a gaol. As a member of the Government, the Attorney General promised to bring the subject of reformatories under the notice of his colleagues, and. we were in hope that at last a long felt mid much deplored want would have been supplied. But -alas ! for tho feebleness of Ministerial resolution ; the faith of Ministerial promises. It may bo that in tlio deliberations of tho Cabinet, tho ArroitxKV- GuxEitAL has kept faith with the Chief Justick, and that tho hopes hold out nt Launceston will, by and by, be realised. But he must be sanguino indeed who can expect that Ministers will riso equal to the occasion and ask tho assent of Parliament to the greatest moral reform of the day, when we find them straining their ingenuity to find a decent excuso for throwing obstacles in the way of others who are prepared to share tho labour with Government, and, by taking the initiative, accept tho responsi- bility of demonstrating how the establishment of reformatories in this community may bo success- fully worked out. Tho letter of Mr. Macfarlane, temperate and courteous in its tone, tells that tho committee for tho establishment of a female reformatory, at their wits' end to find such pre- mises as would suit their purpose, and would not undulyencroach on theirscantyfunds,had applied to Ministers for tho uso of the building in tho Barracks formerly used as a gaol, and that two mombcrs of Government expressed their approval of tho proposition, visited the building in com- pany w ith a deputation from the committee, and, all having agreed on the suitability of the build- ing, led tho deputation to expect a favourable answer to what we aro justified in speaking of as a reasonable and inodorate demand. The com- mittee simply asked that in doing a portion of the woikof Government, they should be allowed tho use of n Government building not used for any public purposo ; and though the favour was being done to Government, the deputation expressed themselves thankful for the kindly interest show n in their philanthropic work, and for tho practical sympathy they were led to oxpect, in tho freo uso of an othorwiso useless building. But again. Alas ! for the feebleness of Ministerial resolution ; tho fate of Ministerial promises. Besides tho two members of the Cabinet we have referred to, other Ministers hare, it is freely stated, expressed themselves favourable to appropriating the old .barrack gaol to Jho / , j . , . v, ?. ,; T- >.-* . ., purposes of a female reformater}'. But a subse- quent adverse influence would seem to have prevailed, andMinistera have addressed, through the Colonial Secketakv, a letter which their truest supporters must regard as a great blunder ; which those philanthropists anxious to do good to erring fellow creatures, and to benefit society, must deplore ; and which is calculated to present the conduct of Ministers in anything but a favourable ligi " -fickle and weak in their good resolves, too apt to lend an ear to private in- fluences, and disregardftil of that important moral obligation which the Attoknet-Gb.vebal so freely admitted at Launceston when generously supporting the Chief Justice in tho desire to savo a youngcriminal from prison contamination. Mr. Moore informs Mr. Macfakiane that "Government are unable to coincide in the view of the committee as to the eligibility of the premises as a reformatory for girls ; in addition to which it is now occupied for .military pur- poses." With all deference we cannot help say- ing that the committee should be the best judges as to the eligibility of thepremisesforfcheir purpose. As to the building being now occupied for military purposes we speak under restraint. We shall not be dragged into strong language. But if this is not the veriest ghost of an excuse that ever proceeded from Ministerial pen, we have been very much misinformed. What the Colonial Secretary may mrn by military pur- poses, it is not for a non- Ministerial tongue to say. But in so far as a venerable couple occupy the two front rooms, and some old lumber may be stowed away, might not equal convenience be secured elsewhere ? As if admitting how untenable are these reasons, the Colonial Secretary goes on to say :-" The situation of the building in immediate contiguity to the parade ground of the Volunteers, and the absence of any suitable annexed enclosure, render it, in the opinion of the Government, a most undesirable situation for carrying out the reformation of young females, and I am there- fore compelí«! to decline sanctioning its occupa- tion for the onjects indicated." The committee can hardly i ail to accept Mr. Moore'* declina ture as an invitation to renew their request, and with a fair prospect uf a favourable answer. AVe declino to acept the alternative of the Colonial Secret uiy, that to secure a parade ground .for Volunteers, the temporal and eternal well-being ot n score of frail beings is to be annually sacriliccd. The parade and accompanying music are no more a reason for refusing the use of the building, than it would be to say that such unfortunates as the committee seek to reform shall be refused the light of the sun because the glorious luminary shines on less stained mortals. It is not the purpose of the committee to consign the objects of their solicitude to total exclusion from the world, but to prepare them for re-entering it. Music, thertf-'re, can surely be regarded as no bar to thoir leformation ; and what is the applicability of tho objection to the Volunteers on parado, when an unscalable wall intervenes ; a wall that surrounds and provides the " suitable annexed enclosure," «hich the Colonial Secre- tary says is absent, but on which the committee lay considerable stress, as all the security of a prison is provided without the stain and surroundings of a gaol ? The onclosuro would afford space for air and exercise, and in this matter also, if the committee are satisfied with the accommodation, it is not for a Government willing to assist the objects of the committee, to raise obstacles which the committee do not regard as such. It would be affectation to stop here, and leave the question as if we were ignorant of the real causo which has effected such a change in the Ministerial views as to the adaptability of the building for tho purpose for which it is required. An adjoining building is devoted to ,a purpose which has our heartiest sympathy and approval, and the usefulness or tone of which wo should be sorry to impair. The Girls' Industrial School deserves all the encouragement and countenance which every right-thinking person can afford it, but the narrow idea has dis- turbed some of the ladies of the committee and, we say it with pride, but only some of them that the prestige of the industrial school would be lowered, that there would bo a taint in the atmosphere, were the reformatory established so near. Putting altogether out of the question the fact that the inmates of the reformatory could never be seen by the inmates of the school, and that the forced seclusion of the former might have a deterrent effect on the latter, wo ask in all seriousness and kindly anxiety for the well-being of tho industrial school, is the reformation of erring young women to bo sacrificed, and that probably for many years, for such would bo the efftd^of~icí»»»¡r\g~43ic old barrack gaol, because of some fanciful idea as to greater gentility, or an injudicious display of what may regarded as having its motive in' a pharisaical superiority. As wo have said, the industrial school has our warmest sympathies. It is manifestly an agency for good. But He whose good work is there being carried on, declared that He carno " not to call the rightoous but sinners to repentance," and has left it on record that " joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth than over ninety and nine just persons who need no re- pentance." _ English Mail.-Through the courtesy of the local telegraph department we have received a memorandum, stating that the R.M.S. Hydaspes arrived at Albany at 1 a.m. yerterday. She brings English mails, vin Briudisi, to the 4th ult. This trip, the second made hythe Hydnspesto the colonies, has occupied a much longer time than her first one. Her first passage from Galle to Albany, it will he remembered, was accomplished in 11 days lu hours, the fastest on record. With regard to tho present voyage, she left Galle ono day ia advance of con- tract time, and has arrived at Albany 19 hours in advance, thus making it in about 13 days. The time taken up on her last trip between her arrival st Albany and that at Melbourne was G days 10 hours. Assuming that ali o will occunv the sam« hours. Assuming that sho will occupy the same time on tho present voyage, she may bo expected to reach -Hobson's Bay about noon on Tuesday next. Tuero is, therefore, a probability of a delivery at the General Post Office, Hobart Town, on Wednes- day evening next. Mails for Mauritius.-A memorandum was received by tho local telegraph department from Melbourne, stating that the Mauritius mail closes at D'Urban, aVwn in Natal, South Africa, to-morrow at noon. Wu fail to see what use such information is to people ii Tasmania at the date it has been received. Teiegr.uuc Interruption.-The Huon line was interrupted yesterday afternoon beyond Port Esperance. Communication hod not been restored when the telegraph office closed last evening. The Victorian Elections.-It will bo seen by our telegrams that ' the Conservativo party have again obtained an advantage fn the unopposed return of seveial mombers, including the Premier, the Chief Seorotary, the Minister of Lands, and the Minister of Railways, besides Mr. Murray Smith, and Mr. Gibb. The telegram with regard to Mr. Gillies is not very clear. Rodney returns two mem- bers, and how Mr. Gillies could have been elected "through an informality " is a little puzzling. Possibly the informality was in the nomination papers of the other candidates-Mr. Simon Fraser (Ministerialist and old member) and Mr. T. Spencer (Oppositionist.) Publications Received. - " The Australian Racing Guide," with which is incorporated "Cen- taur's Index," is one of the most useful little books that racing men can possess. It contains the pedigrees and past performances of all horses engaged in the Hawkesbury Grand, Metropolitan, Melbourne Cap, and Champion Stakes, and other informât!')..-The Church News contains Borne interesting "Notes of Travel" by Dean Bromby. The greater part of the issue is taken up with reports of the centenary meetings hold by the Episcopalians in Hobart Town, the pro- moters of which entirely ignored the secular Press. The Calholie Standard ana Young Victoria (journal of the Scotch College, Melbourne) have also been received. Diphtheria,-This disease has again made its appearance in the city. Two esses were on Tues- day admitted to the General Hospital. They were both children, named Jane and Bath White, aged 7 and «2 y»srs respectively, daughters of a labourer. One ossa proved nita), «ht aidait child ] diinjyattaM.ynwmttf, ....>.. I ,,*?? >/ ?' "^l^^=ss - ... TnE Minister of Lands' Tour.-Mr. O'Reilly has decided to extend his tour to the East Coast. He returned to Launceston, from Deloraine and Molo Creek yesterday, after a visit ' which gave much satisfaction to the residents ; and having been requested by Mr. Mitchell, M.IT.A. for Glamorgan, to visit that district, he has decidí d to start at once. The hon. gentleman expected to reach Avoca last night, and Swansea to-night. To- morrow he will visit Spring Bay, and return from there in time to meet the express train at Campania on Saturday evening, when he will come on to town. North Esk Election.-As mentioned yester .day, Mr. Donald Cameron will not he allowed a walk-over for North Esk. From Launceston we heard yesterday tint a good many signatures had already boon obtained to a requisition asking Mr. W. K. Hawkes to stand, and Mr. Hawkes has, wo believe, written to Mr. Cameron, intimating his in- tention to comply with the request of the electors. Mr. Hawkes, it will be remembered, formerly re- presented Mersey district in tho Legislative Council, and if not much of a speaker, was con- stant in his attendance, and by his votes sup- ported every work of progress. Recompense.-Has it ever occurred to the sapient members of the City Council that if their attempt at treo planting is not to be a failure, and relegated to their plnce of good intentions, the season is fast passing away during which they may plant young trees to replace those that have died or biuken down ? Thus may they make Bomc recompense for their share in "James' havoc." The trench of horse manure and mud which constitutes the cab- stand in Murray-street still remains an eyesore, and offensive to health. Esglish Ragged School Union.-The following particulars concerning the work of the Ragged School Union in England wero read at the 37th anniversary meeting in London, in May :-During the year 53 now operations had been commenced. Number in Sunday schools, 33 to C3, an increase of 3,000; night schools for boys, 79; for girls 54. Eighty schools report ragged church services with an aggregate audience of 9,220. During the year 87 penny banks had been opened, at which 23,763 persons had deposited £11,570 11s. 4d. The clothing clubs in 54 schools had dealt (luring the year with a gross sum of £1,5SG Ils. SI. There had been a great increase in number of infant nurseries. The 344 shoeblacks of the society bad earned £12,899 9s. 2d. Situations had been found for 1,239 scholars. Ragged Schools.-The monthly meeting of the Execntive Committee of the Ragged Schools Associa- tion was held at the Bible Depot yesterday after- noon. Present : Rev. Canon Bailey (chairman), Revs. J. Wilkes Simmons, J. Scott, R Maclaren Webster, Messrs. J. B. Mather, J'ilin Macfarlane, and L. R. Castray. The proceedings were opened by the reading of Scripture. The Rev. Mr. Simmons stated that the sub-committee, to whom the ques- tion of fees had been referred, had held no formal meeting, but there had been a good deal of discussion, and the introduction of the system of payment of fees in certain caaes waa gene- rally objected to, both by the committee and the teachers themselves. After a short discussion, in which tho difficulties of the situation were dwelt upon and recognised, the committee was discharged, a resolution being passed as follows :-" The sub- committee appointed to consider the question of payment of fees raised, by the Premier at the last annual meeting, having considered the matter very carefully, do not recommend that any action be taken by the Executive Committee of the Associa- tion, in view (of the many and insuperable difficulties which surround the whole question." Some remarks were made during the discus- sion about the origin of the formation of the committee having been the speech of the Premier at the last anneal public meeting, while the Colonial Secretary had since expressed opinions in opposition to the views of his colleague. The Secretary reported that Miss Gellibrand had promised to meet the chairman of the local Boards with reference to the placing ot-thu objects of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals before the children of the schools. The monthly re- ports of the chairman of the local Boards were brought up, and contrasted with thoso of the previous months. The average attendance at the Cascades School was shown to have been very low, and the teacher attributed this to the bad weather. Some diseiiBsion took place with respect to the col- lection of subscriptions, and the details were left in the hands of the treasurer and secretary. SOUTHERN Tasmanian Rifle Association.-At the weekly meeting of committee held yesterday, Mr. Roblin in the chair, and seven members of committee being present, Mr. H. Westbrook and Mr. C. Long were duly elected members for 1S80. It was decided that for the future the meetings of of committee be held fortnightly ; but should neces- sity arise for a special meeting of committee the Secretary will call it. Mr. chisholm, the master gunner, was appointed as umpire for Launceston in the match on Monday, in consequence of the ina- bility of Mr. George Harrap to act. The Secretary was instructed to write to the staff ofliccr asking him to be kind enough to intimate in writing to the association the terms of their tenure of the long ranee at Cornelian Bay, because, in view of the forthcoming intercolonial matches, the association were anxious to put up their targets for practice at once. Resolved that a scratch match be held on Monday, 10th inst., the match committee to make arrangements. The Secretary laid the treasurer's half-yearly accounts on the table, showing a balance in the treasurer's hands on 30th June of £26 14s. 7d., whilst 37 members were in arrear of subscrip- tion due 1st January last. The Town Clerk cour- teously placed the Mayor's ante-room at the disposal of the association for their half-yearly meeting on Tuesday next. The match committee named the following members to compete with the Northern Tasmanian Rifle Association on Monday next :-- Messrs. Ikin, sen. and jun., Webb, Bowden, Henry, Cuthbert, Richardson, Walton, Drake, McDonald, Penny, Johnson, Bennison, Roblin, and Smith ; with Messrs. Kirk, Self, Hallam, Humphries, W., and Golding, as emergency men. First squad of 6 to fire at 12-30; second of 6 at 1-45; and the third squad of 3 at 3 o'clock p.m. The draft report to be submitted on Tuesday having been perused by each member of the committee, was finally approved, with instructions to add the regret of the whole asso- ciation at the loss of their late esteemed President, the Hon. Sir James M. Wilson, K.C.M.G. The Artillery Ball.-The ball given by the jon-commissioned officers and gunners of tho Southern Tasmaninn Volunteer Artillery, to their officers, took place at the Town Hall last evening, and passed off with great cc/n'i. Tho hon. secre- tary, Mr. R. Plunkett, and the committee, into whose bands all arrahgements were put, have been working hard for some time past to make the ball a success, and their efforts met with much encouragemont. The ,baii was well filled, about 350 perBons being present. His Excellency the Administrator of Government, Sir Francis Smith, Lady Smith, Colonel Angelo (Commandant of tho Volunteer Forces), Captains Crowther, Evans, and all the Artillery officers, Majors Fysh and Cook, and all the officers of tho Rifle Regiment, were among the guests. His Excellency arrived shortly after 9 o'clock, and was received in the entrance of the hall by the officers and other volunteers, who arranged themselves on each side of the entrance and up tho staircase. Dancing began at 9 o'clock, the music being supplied by Deutith and Fowler's baud. The Mayor (Mr. W. II. Burgess) kindly placed his room at the disposal of tho com mittee, and it w is used as a dressing room foi His Excellency and the \oluntcer officers who had the use of the committee room a« a refreshment room Refreshments w ero likewise prowded in the ante rooms, and card rooms « ero sot apart for those who were not engaged in dancing Mr Hogtms w as the caterer, and ga\e e\ery satisfaction Ilia Excellency left the hall at midnight, but dancing was kt.pt up with great spirit until an early bom this morning CricjvUkrs' Bi7v\n- Vllusioii has been made in our columns on sow ral occasions lately to a bazaar which the ladies of Hobart lonn who take an interest in cricket hi\o determined to hold iu the o\cning summer As the object which the bazaar 13 intended to promoto is one m which the citizens aro deeply interested, they will no doubt be prepared to gi\ e the moi ement tlner heartiest support so that we miy hope that the disinterested and patriotic efforts which these ladies are making will meet with e\ery encouragement, aud will he crowned with complete success At tho present moment Hobart Town is without a oriel ot ground worthy of the name, and the narrow ridge which Lord Harris in his account »f his trip to Tismama likened to a hog s bick is all tint we have to hoist of A non ground, which, when finished, will ben credit to the country, is in courso of preparation in the Queen s Domain , and it is for the purpose of obtaining monoy to enable the Cricket Association to erect the pa\liions and complete tho turfing and carnage dmc, that these ladies ha\o como forward IinfArtsam» the Drvuv- The Punces for Moy (a new monthlj magazine) sijs - 'The Dramatic 1 ino Art Gillerj Non Bond street Picea dill} is quiteonenftho no\clties of the season It is an exhibition of pictures chiefly painted by actors and actresses, to the number of nearlv sixty Amongst the names we lind those of Mesdames Gcnevii'vo Ward, Ada Stanborough. Victoria Vokes, Mrs. Keeley, and Mrs. Scott-Stddons. The actor-artists are tho chief exhibitors, however. Amongst thoso who havo coutributcd aro Messrs. W. H. Kendal, H. G. Neville, S. Siddons, Harry Puulton, Fred. Vokes, George Conquest, William Rignold, Fred. Buckstone, K. II. Sothcrn, and otliors. Opera singers are also represontcd by Mr. Charles Santloy, by Mr. Gcorgo Perren," aud especially by Mr. Charles Lyall, whose coloured caricatures aro quite admirable. There aro also works by the late Charles Mathews and John Parry. The public have largely patronised this exhibition of over 200 works." Export of Sheep.-Tho steamer Esk, which left Launceston for Sydney on Tuesday, took the following lots of merino sheep for the July stock salo there :--James Gibson, Pleasant Banks, 100 loose, 7 cages of 28 ; Thomas Gibson, 24 loose ; David Taylor, St Johnstone's, 6 cages of 22; R. Jones, Riccarton, 3 cages of 15 ; W. Gibson and Son, Scone, CO loose, 2 cages of 8 ; W. H. Gibson, Lindisfarne, 49 loose, 2 cages of 8 ; T. Parramore, Beaufort, 22 loose sJ. D. Toosey, inn., Cressy, 2 cages of 8 ; W. A. Kermode, Mona Vale, 7 cages of 30 ; making 374 sheep in all. ' The Examiner is informed that other consignments of , shsep will follow this ihipéaeàV'^ >< a THEDis%LOTioNiNVioTORiA.-Tliememorandum submitted by the Premier to the Governor, advising a dissolution, and the reply of .His Excellency, have been published. In his memorandum Mr. Service (says the Argus) briefly narrates the history of past efforts made to reform the Constitution, claims that his proposals nre regirded by a l.iree majority of tho people as a moderate and satisfactory Bettie meut of this long-vexed question; and urges that the only way to bring the difficulty to an end is to appeal to the country. His Excellency "freely admits that if the same spirit of mutual moderation and forbearance, the same mutual respect and con- sideration, which uniformly actuates the relations between the Houses of "Lords and Commons in England had been always evinced in the relations between the Council and the Assembly, it is not probable that any reform would have been required, or, at any rate, the bill having boen defeated, the question might have been delayed to aomo moro convenient time. This, however, has not been tho eise ; deadlocks have on several occasions taken place, strong feelings have been excited, and for the last three years Constitutional reform has been the one question ubich has agitated the country to the exclusion of many measures which demand the attention of Parliament, tinder these circum- stances, tlie Governor considers that it would bo impossible to leave this question in its present state," It is evident that no other Government could be formed to deal with the subject without dissolution, otherwise His Excellency might have hesitated to accept the advice tendered, which I advice, under tho circumstances, he feels bound to follow. An unclaimed letter, addressed " A. R. Lawronce," ¡B lying at the Hobart Town Telegraph Office. The Hearts of Oak Loyal Orange Lodge will cele- brate the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne by a tea meeting and musical soiree at the Mechanics' Hall on Tuesday evening next. On Sunday evening the Rev. R. Miller will conduct a religious service in con- nection with the anniversary at the Ebenezer Chapel. The annual meeting of the Derwent Yacht Club is to be held at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, at 8 o'clock to- night. This evening a concert in connection with the Ebenezer Band of Hope will take place in the Ebenezer school. ? The Green Ponds Amateur Christrr Minstrels will give a concert in the local Lecture Hull this evening. The annual ball of the New Norfolk Cricket Club takes place at the Bush Hotel to-night. The concert in aid of the new ground of the Cricket Association takes place on Friday, the lGch inst., at the Town Hall. Particulars will be found in another column. _ 