The Nobelist. MARRIED TO AN ACTRESS . By MRS. E: WINSTANLEY, Authoress of "Twenty Straws," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XI. "THE child grows worse and worse," cried Miss Elrington, "and in her constant wander- ing talk she mixes np the name of that actress person until she drives me almost out of my mind to listen to her." "It's very distressing and annoying to hear her do so, I acknowledge," sniffed Bertha ; "but what can be done when the poor child does not know what she is talking about ?" "Well, we must send off for a doctor, for I'm sure I cannot make out what can be the matter with her," Miss Elrington said, with a sigh of impatience. "I wish she had never been permitted to enter the doors of Aver- arde, for I firmly believe that she has con- tracted this illness of hers directly or in- directly there and nowhere else. Yet, how could we control her acts, since she per- severes in always reminding us that she's twenty. We are a most unfortunate family, and all through Noel's ill-fated marriage, which I, for one, shall never cease to de- plore." "Yes, yes ; we are a pair of most wretched women ; there's no denying that fact," sniffed Bertha, lamentingly. "But, had as matters are with us, I have a consolation which you have not ; my sojourn on earth will not, I feel, be very long now ; I am dying by inches, yet no one appears to perceive the fact, which is so very evident to myself. I declare, had it not been for your very excellent cherry cordial, I should have been in the silent tomb long, long ago." "Celandine, Celandine !" repeated Annie, tossing her arms up in the air, and shrieking wildly. Her hateful name again !" exclaimed Miss Elrington, with a gesture of anger. "How can we possibly call in a doctor whilst she continues to din into our ears those detestable syllables ?" "True, Agatha, true," returned Bertha. "Oh, how very thoughtful you always are ! And it is well for us that you are so, for I have only one thought, and that is of another and a better world,'': she >»ddea, in>melah-^ [choly tones. "Do as yon please, dear I °nS. 0W beBt wh «t is 'good for yoa to do. 1 ' , • Xhen I shall not yet send for Dr. WoodhoDEe?" said MIBB Elrington. *>. f. "?°> 'ndeed, for he is the greatest gossip I M °ntry.; JSobDdy'Biaflairs.ere- BMe with him, and, if he onoe got Jiold of, owe, we might as well have sent the bell-; lo u ? d t0 P ^ h them. Lei M, then, 1 °, B as pospible calling him W ^ y \ ' o ? 6ee we ' aon't know what ails ! an 5 > bMng m total ignorance of her r : f r'^y.we'donot nnderstand howto treat her.' ^«aSV h e C b H a t ° d l e f o r , T a n t ? ul° 6tlau,1 y onr duty lies I p^',?^ we must perform at: 1 , AEa , tl19 • no ms «er at what corf, as'. il Cb8 , em,we, - mnst not neglect toV f. 1 ™™ obligations which kindred fiest 1 loroB upon ns "- .: . •.. «nlm h ™ , j X n Bnp . p0Be ' aoctor ainet fte j tnmmoned, Bertha ?" , , iba'other Agathaj he agrfieS tahfe 061 " 1311181 " r e l t e l 8 t e a A^ | ton! 1 ™ ^car k er « Bprtha " 1 «aid Miss £lring- kiHii^i be , deaI 1 fluJ Agatha. \ «Bite shocking to hear hen" ^;, T«U/I» " lmoE ' IEAFL Y to wish I had BO t • »n? hm 1 erBa MiasBlnngton, JolefnUy. 40 f6B U " added Bertha. 0 be I bif«»r>v • ?v- om 1 ? 1 .WKIi W1 «i a stone'in isone's SfrS?*?*- SDoh fl thlD B as a heart t0 ifog ^athj ana all that sort of: |Elri°i V " y « lwe ' 1 ? e^Pfossedj hut Berjha beS thf habit of delivering • WilhT». m i f t *^e with perspicuity. r ™ ' ? chaw work kether she 1 1 JsiiEd ,1 ^ bB understopd 4 , attempt. At this instant; ores efl , ho yo } w wa8 ^eard again, into & > 0l T e io ;? Mh '» ^gree^hat *er ^ L m M 1 f 1 tm6t flfifl > ^ theur liM t tti ohimber, and called in t<5 iMfe" 1 *, She isgSie stark,"staring , W eMl M ««a ^Elrinfiton, bekubling One ofyon send ofi Simon on the told brown cob for Dr. Woodhonse. 3Pell him to nee. all possible haste. &wayl;" aT" The speaker's order wafi at onoe obByea, Whilst Annie's cries for Celandine were peatedoverandover«gain, each time more* Shrilly than the time before, until the old' walls fairly re-echoed the -sonnae, and the 5 jninde of Tall near were distractod. Antae'e cheeks were now red as a rose sn her eyes shone with a starry brightness. She glared aronnd her with signs of mB&mty;, and the two -sisters clang Ihe tighter to one another as they marked those signs which Struct them with awe. 1 "The family malady*" whiopered MIBB 1 SiLrmgton to> Berlba, :With--an inexpreBsibjl shudder and/a-parohed tongue. " Family malady i" repeated the other, jtf quivering tones " Ayl onr grandfather idled bereit of rea^ ton.' 1 "Homblel" exclaimed Bertha; sense, Agatha' I can'i credit it." "I can," nodded Mies r Ellington, with 1 iaaiied ^tophasiB / ' ^ T ' -i . „ — ..he, in.—„ bf » sadden become strangely hoarse discordant. "I can't, I -won't helieve'uf: tnch rabbisb, 1 ' ehe added, in great Excite•< ment, .-atid' hardly knowing what sTie was' Baying. i s: ? 'I cannot help ihat,^'retnrned the other swter. " Yon asked for ihe truth and yon have it." S The truth J" reiterated poor Bertha; Swhilst ; Annie's''shrieks' 'resounding through the house, andBeveralaaid- Bfrvante: brder •open window. '"-Hal'liBten -to her.'hsten to her," added ®ertha,; etarting baok a few paoes and assuming frantic geBtureB.: The child haa loBt her reason; so • hcve i I, BO have l ! ' dive«ne-her>doll-and -I will make: it a suit of . new. clothes—clothes for the grave 1 Ha, ;ha!" And ehe: sank- into' a: chair gesticulating wildly. Bertha, dear sieter Bertha I" cried Agatha, in alarm, V Oh, heaven he-merciful to UB all, for wo are a moft • miserable family I" she continued, wnngingfcjher iands distractedly. " Why, why did I reveal to her that. family secret which I have eo long: kept hidden from her,: knowing that her; intellect was not so bright as it should be ?" ehe continued, withm herself " X am to blame, I am to hlame;: 'for heaven alone can" say •t where this outbreak of hers will end. Bertha, Bertha, why should you take my revelation ® to heart? I thinkl must : have made some sort of foolish-mistake about our deceased ancestor,- who, sow. I reflect on the matter, must have died a natural death after all. ^ Then banish'the morbid thought : from your mind at once and for ever, and forgive me, Bertha, ior my lack oE prudence in mentioning enoh a painful sab]eot to>one wliose.jiature is so over-sensitive -as -yonrsyou must not give way at this time, when 1 1", want yonr tmd help so very much. Hear ; you that child's frantic ones ? Come, oome, Bertha, are you gowg to forsake me in this hour, when I am .most needing your aid ? The doctor will be here presently; let him r not find you m this loBt state, unless you wish: the whole county round about to ring. with the tale that liirmgton JIonEe was filled; with mad women," and Agatha adjueted her ^ speotacles with a shakmghand.' These words' aroused in some degree the - vacant-eyed woman, \fho looked up, only half underBtanding tlie meaning of them. Bertha had-never been a ehaqp-witted woman, , but'vst this, moment she seemed as if she had no •wits at all. Whilst Hiss Elnngton was -thus endeavouring to soothe one sister, the other was raving deliriously, struggling in. the; iands of four : strong Bemnt-maidSj who ;-hsd hard wotk.to control her acts. The scrcams-of Annie kept Bertha in a fearful state-of.agitation, and it was with the: utmost difficulty she could keep her moderately quiet .and on her chair. , Mies Elrmgton was thankful -when the ; doctor was announced. As he entered, Bertha suddenly became perfectly calm and: still, whilst Annie called out for " Celandine." * r " Upon whom is your young eister: so oidl-' mg, ' MIBB Elrmgton ?" the doctor asked, turning to Agatha during a iullin the" storm of Anme'g delinum. :. MIBS Elrington -paled to her lips,- which at: once began to shake nervously: She could not evade the doctor's question; it was fut: to her too broadly to allowier to do so. She heBitated m great- confusion,; hut presently - seizing conragej, she answered m -a -low, stammering -voice—" Celandine isrihe name of a—a person my youngest eieter knowB, but to whom we, my sister Bertha and myself, are perleot strangers, and to-.whom -we shall everremam Bs such.*' "Pardon my question,-ibut .we . jdoctors: must: know everything. In .such a serious ease as the present it- is an imperative: neoessity that I should iie made acquainted with everything connected with thiB young lady, -my"patient.- ;-Eas- she- had ; any- dis-" agreement 1 with her friend Celandine ?" ^ 1 " I am sure -I know not," 1 faltered Miss •Ehington. -"' I iim not aware of any eause she can have for. her present etate 01 excitement;; l ean throw mo'light upon the matter at p alli" J The doctor hemmed. J&e; did jiot feel eatisfied with .the'T«nBwerB-ilie reeeived irom the lady ;i she iseetned to equivocate, and he didnothkeit. 1 There was .a.medioine.chest,in the house, from amongst the -contents of whioh the country doctor was iam to select a certain potent drug, which -ho at once administered to his frantic patient, who soon afterwards fell into a profound sleep or stupor. Her: last "Words, mutmuredsoitlj, were: "Save, save me. Celandine' As eoon as the doctor saw his -patient «leepingr he turned oMe ;morfl to .MIBB JDIrington, who was close iy his side, is he did so he started violently. His professional: eye had fallen upon the rigid figure oiSertha Elrington sitting erect in her chair, hex face white as chalk, ier eyes staring wide, her jaw dropped. 'Great ^leaven, what is-that?" ha -exclaimed, in amazement and terror, and every.' eye followed the direction of his, and saw. what lie eaw—Bertha Elrington dead. The loom, the whole hemp, trap instantly « scene of confusion. fXo he contenuqd) A EOCELAKD man read ihat\one should endeavour to-idrawiaomethin^insefifl ifrom, sverything he «aw, and nobly resolved to* ,!profit ;hylhe:teaahmg. ,y;That .night when the jmoon WAS hidden iie ^Bpayed, to draw S number ol uBefol cord wood Btioks from his neigHbour'B-pileyJind.got jElled fullol.tock ealt out of a gun that he won't he able to taste anything freBh for the balance tof this natural life.— ' JT may perhaps jnterast, school hoys 4o knowihat PioJessor Knapjj.pi Gerpiany.haB invented a .new process of tanning without: jhe use of h^rk. The thickest hideB he sclaimB, seventy-two iours, Teachers, howeyer, Will yroUably ^tiok ip the J old method. They; can't .tan Mdee pow without bluhhe'r, hut rii •dojMn'J take 'em anyihing'like ^eventy-tffo, JiourE to accomplish the job. I( Profepsor Kntmp's jiroopss fit tanjunB^were lo be introfUioea into «onr jBphoolBt;j)upilB wohld find a icopjj!00^^neealea&enea;)h^he'u^armin^; poj, JOHN" GEAHAM'S URST CAUSE.' BrJHssE& W. Piebbon, m THE " DMBJ." "WHEW 1 I'm glad I'm not a doctor,'!: said John Graham a* he listened to the howling of the wind, which seemed to shake wifch-impRtlent h&Dds; the door ana .windows oE hiB sung little cfB.ce, ".oi eke I might be cidl«d to. fome .whlojBical fics lady iri ilils storm Now I can jmt elfc hy the fire and look over my speech for the summing up." • . He walked to thB window fir«tj however, and glanced to the sliming street and the forlorn wayfarer*, with their dripping umbrellas j.; who iiniried" bysahrough thei driving tain and »leet. It somehow en- . hanced liwunm ^:omfort;to See 'fflther.people eo miseritle. AU theBfeceetlampxeemea to: be winking and hhnking, a if trying to r v ut their eyei against tne jitorm. And the lighted window at the grocer'js-cornerioomed up out of the sheets of rain like the -jia»ubatenfcial fabric of a dream. . The young lawyer did not notice a man; Without an umbrella who jitood itiU under.; Jh^«ins.mdiEtar«d:iip»tthechous-e.' with an aJ>8orf)ed.-loo'k. ^Go- morrow "was :great anddmpovtant day.Jwittohim; sHe'iSelt a» if all hi« life :wa« »taied on ihe terming of that hour -wliea be «houid make hie first important ipBech. Se had poured Into it: all the eloquence of which hia nature Was: capable:-jilt-wa» hls;;first'ichanCB befocerthe' public—an oppoitumty for which he had i eigbed-andpinedfor.in-amhitiouadrcimj, about which he had despalred m iBBtless pam.1 He could have thanked >God for-the ;murder: which had -broupht the happy chance .ofsucceBB to him. fFor months he had been a prey to devouring cravings for fame and fe»r« that hie time ;would never come. He had chafed wit-hin;thoselour.walla as a wild hBast in a cage:; but now I He looked over , hia papers again. ^ How.clear the-reasonlng;; how convincing the chain of -eridence, • He; was thoroughly convinced, in his own mind,: that -Bertrtnd waa. guilty, and hu worda carried .conriotion. with them. They were, as a death-warrant.;: He was sanguine about; the iissue ior himself, yet with fear and* trembling. Be scarcely save a thought tothe.fact.that.his auccesB meant Bartrand'e death. He was «o absorbed that he did not hear at first a utealthy movementat his door, but it was lollowed by.a low knock. The burly follow who entered did not look as if he could have inocked.eo softly. -He. was Cargo the. nor same; coffer man from ~who cabin had or stood unehelterod, gazing up at the home. John Graham, scenting some new work, bade him, affably, good-evening,*" and offered a chair. But the man stood. there, with little etreams of water trickling from his hair and . the douched hat/whichyhe held an: hia hafed —a xomical figure, .like some .great clumsy ; water-god.3ust from his damp abode. - ; "I ain't a enbject .to sit Sown in: any. gentleman's.o&CBj; I am't,"" he said, with a grufp Toice, whlchiounded au if the dampness had got into it. " Baythcr moist night, mister." John bowed, and said, " Very uncomfort-; able in the street, certainly." t 1 The man-looked about a moflrent, as if lie expected to find:ut the room some help to opening the subject ;m hand. Then jtuddenly hiB eyea rested on: th^ roll.of paper wluch John held. " Speech on the great case, maybe ?" John noaded, ov " Well, its about that I come in. That fellow Bertrand ain't guilty." s John had-decided that he was,-and he" made known the same to hiB visitor. 'Now, I ain't no acquaintance whatever with the prisoner, and can't he prejudiced, do you see ' I follow the water." John smiled at the idea that If. he followed" the water Tie had caught it this time. There was quite a pool about him on the neat study-floor- " As I said, I'm a oapting of a snug little: eraft, and I've only been on Bhore a day or two—long enough to hear 'bout the case— and I'm bonnd on along voyage to- morrow, but >as it ^happens, I. know eomethink: about: it, and, sayafji'iyind out theilawyer, andtell what youlmow.' ..But"—musing-a little-^' Vef you'rethelawyeragm Bertrand, perhaps I'd ought to go to the f other side."; " Oh, it's ail the same," answered John. "Evidence that is worth anything will not be suppressed." "I could wish it took down m blaok and white," said the man, " and I take my'; affidavy, and sign the same. I'm a poor scholar, or Td a done it myself." :: John took ;a sheet of paper,-rather im-: patiently, and looked at his unwelcome visitor. "On the last cruise, of the Helsey Jane" began the stranger, with an important air— Betsey-Jane « my wife." "Ah, well, on theUetcruise of your wife," aaid John, begianmg to write, i '' Stop ! Betsey Jane's: mj boat, called after my wifs. ^'Twaa a moonlight ni£ht,; just three months ago, the 26th'of:Qotob«r—. the werry night of the murder. Smg'lar, now, ; thpt .we arrove that weny night. There's an overruling Providence, sir—you'd' better believe it." John made no answer. He "began to fear : it—to think that "$he beat laid plana of mice and men gang aft pglty"—to ape the repu- which he had built up into «uch a fur structure topple like a house of eardi. "Because else why did it happen on that wery identical night ? I forgot my moneybelt. I never done euch ,a thing nnce I was oapting. When w* "w»e a-neatln' ihe shore I took off my ges clothes, naturally, and leftmy helt. Well, there's no thSevin'~at sea, hut when a vessel la in port, and the iyhar£ «ts about, It's different. Belay Jane had a fnenda oelebratin' jny amyal, you see, r and at twelve o'clock, -when -we was a hraakin' -up, I Butted my Jbelt. ' Betsy Jane ' eez X, '1 can't eltep without .gettin' if' and she was at oneaeV as I Vap.: Remember, sir,"'twas -that dienUcal night."' Andhe-panoeajaB iftocollecthimiell.;* VAsl'yeheerd theBtoryofihemurder," he went on, thoughtfully, "thia young man: Bertrand owed 'Salplne Fome money, and they had hard words often.over it; "and some on* swore he was seen goin' into Haljiine'a at ten-o'clock, and no one knows when he came out; and a note was found on Bertrand; when he jfsb arrested ,in«tin'.-o£him round: on that wery dientical night." , \ jiJohnGrahamnoddedaaheliBtenedio'this: odd'.version of the.BSaence:h«-|haa jnade ao; clear. # And, .one -o'clock, a student ae -roomed next Halpine, an' was out late, leeln' a light in hia room, went in, an' saw the unfortunate man a-welterin' Jn hia gore." t ': .Thelawyer felt compelled again to jaseent - to the ^nan'aanqauang glance. , 1 f* A-welterin' in his gore," Repeated -the hurlycaptain,aaif3io«Ejoyedvthef»loquept roll of the wordp., " "Wail , to go ^>ack, I'd little dealin'a with Halpine oncet/ Se Jent) e monfej oncet, on hif,Beisy Jane | "tinwhlchBetsy Jane'" anquired John, gravely,-andgrepariii^.to ^center >itha janqnqci v officially - , s. j-'tShlver my timberal" answered theman,i impatiently, "'There .amU ,ainU none o! of thwie thisierei evidence n joko-leastwaye, a man'j life deaih'«no|oke to me, ^hale^er lt^naj he, to.you lawyers. I ^hean, 'havjnjg .borrowed monev cl Halpine, I naturallyulopked at his twelve for I^Jieaid "the clocSt ^ortriia^the jl saw.a jnanj^in' out Palplne'iipor. 1 ' . „ -; •"Well'" " A man wrapped in a cloak—a tall fellow. I saw his face lull one minute before he saw, mejj then he tnru«a- ju3dlnt:-snd took io a^ aide street. Now, mark my words. This man was six foot high, and heiiad fair hiir, •nd white akin like a woman's, and blue «j«a. Bertrand is dark and short What do yon make of that t" "I have taken it all Sown," answered. John Graham, in a'hard voice. """Why notstay yourself and give in this evidence"?" " I waBn't wishin' for to stay, ef so be as ,ye couid do wituout mo," he jaid, anxiously ; " but «f ifs important for an innocent man's life—don't ye think aa it's down in black and: White, and I makes my afieiBavy—" ~ " Oh, ye»; I think this will be sufficient,' answered John, thoughtfully. "Have you told this to anyone -else?", " Only to Betsy Jane, sir." Ah 1 to Betsy Jane,-and-she to herirlends/ Isuppoae?" J ' " Well, I juot told her a« I ^afi & Btarfcin* X feefcot^aixe ,aui>fc ra -TO am3n ^ ^ ? o und. yeaia?" * " - ' ' , "* Mb ; ih^s a-golnthia time "' ' ' -John Graham drew a long breath i "Thank you," i said; " thank you very much, iny man, for the clear way in -which you have given la this evidence. It is, as you; suppose, quite important. It would he better, to-spoak of it to 110 one else, and to ctation your wife also, otherwise you might -be* detained and held as wltneio, thus causing you and yoar admirable wlfo great-incon-' yenience, SonP-may.now sign-your tame.''; Tne good fellow advanced m all .good: -faith- and swrote, ;quite ilejgibiyi -iii sa somewhat sprawling hand," Thomas BroWae/' Then he set hu wet slouched hat on his head and bade the lawyer good evening. John Graham sat for a long time, Staring at the - paper -and its scrawliug uignature as if it had heen a ghost. It might have "stood for > the ghost; of a vanished'hope 'to hun. 1 The letters of- the.good man'si'name %eembd^' to dance-over the )iaper like black imps from' hell. He could not sit still. 'The room waa no longer comfortable. He paced op and down it restlessly.'* The faoe Of all the wbrld ? had changed for him' 1 lq^an Siour; ' Fame,; fortune, and love had beckoned him. He i had hoped, to ^ain all in sgaining ;fliis cate; and .now..the speechjiwith its enthusiasm,; . convincing; hold, logic, was so muoh waste paper to < be thrown into the .fire. Oddly enough,• .he. never ithought. of ithe.j man whose life and death it concerned. He thought only of himself and of one other,; for he was madlylu love. Thewhole Halpiner, family, were.crying .out:for.(rengeanoe; and: hia lovetwas aoou»ln.te!theimurderednmant: Hehoped tO'WinHaud Halpine whenihe won his,cause,iso.no wonder he had pourod the; «loquencs«f;hia;4ioul.'Vito it.^ And it .was: only the beginliing of his career. . v He tooh up the piece of rpaper^ with the; man's evidence .on .it.- It was only a piece of' paper, perishable, y^fc ,it held; hiB fate. lt Was a terrible tlang-to stand-there alone, at-: mght, and hold one's vfate in ione'sihands;,: Sa one knew of- it .yet. -.All .the. evidence • against Bertrand had been; conclUBlye>till this. And, after all, what was thi? ? It pointed at no one. It wasvagae,- indefinite.. srWho .. knew that, this burly-sea-oaptain had. not hean ,:-too, convivial among - BatBey ., Jane's; friends. How could it be known that he' had not seen imperfectly .when he met the blonde haired stranger coming out of Halpme'e office ?. "Why disturb the harmony of i asperfect chain of evidence with the vagaries ' of an unknown man 9 So whispered a subtle voice to John- Graham's inmost soul. Would lie not be a fool to throw away his chance in hfe for a drunken man's dream' He had been courteous enough to take^t down; that was enough. And the man ,waa gone for -three yeara 1 ; Three years i .What might not happen in' three-years ? -He might have aohieved fame and fortune in that tune. '-He might have'' won Maud Halpine and have faste d liie'a BweetBBt joyB, if/.only this hit of paper iad 110 existence. This blotted all out. This same between; him and all the sunshine on the landscape ol lus life. -He twisted the vpaper -uneasily in his; igers. It teemed to burn like fire. How quickly wonld it really burn—if—. WeU, ; some men would speedily-finish it: There was Spenoer, now, he would not bB squeamish. And, after all, a man must not lose every C&ance; for an over JaBtidiouB integrity. Howmany won fortune hy a few prosperous slips from honour'^ open way J He had always despised those inenirhut now he had a fellow; feeling for them.' He had never been tried and tempted as they, or he might have fallen as they had done. How much easier now to burn that paper than to;strqggle for years .with adyersesfate 1; o feel ever after thatithere had been .a tide tn the affairs <51 his life which,, if .taken at tlje iflooS, would have led to fortune' He could not lose all BO lightly, he would, mot 1 -.Another momentthefiameajhadseized; ihe slip of paper, leaping tongues of fire iad curled - about > it and .hoked. it up. A. little: black tjuder-whirled np -the chimney like; an evil spirit, and all was gone. All hat memory 1 Memory, that sweetest ot friends to the innocent, that worafc of devils to- scourge •guilty, .it sat . by -John firaham^ pillow.ithati night, and wonld not let .him sleep. ; Bat he made his speech the next day, and hi8 ieverea, reBfcless EfcBte lent more fire .and: fever to>it _He had stolen down to 1 the -wharves in the^ morning early and had L^SBured h'meelf-that the Belsyjane wasgone/- so that was-finished sup—finished > He Jiad .^eards«omeyhere,'hB^adjreadi'-in;»^isusedi hook, of " thesms that follow us." «Hi»sin;ioUowe£;;Mmto the court-room, where a breathless icrowd hung upon bis words.; where hu eloquence hushed and swayed that great mass, and he moulded their opinions at will; for this man had not ^mistaken: the*powerrihat f;was in iUmtirSe; iiad the xa»l iire ofgeniuv. He; was elcguerit,. yet . clear :and >loglcal. ;:^f .tanyj-had%doubte3 Bertrand'«ijgifllti.l)eforej?.>they,i££oubted'sno^ longer. The male jnembers of ihe Halpine; family almost broke out into audible cheers which'-.-woiildhavebeenm grief. Bertrand, *a sallow little man,'listened as tohMaeath-WaTrantjahagrewiJlTidaiJeathi- 1 " I feel the rope already^raround my neck^" he said, in a choking whisper"to his counsel^ : " yet before God, I am innocent." How poor and weak seemed the words off the «ounB«l, for -the defence -compared to this. The jury-did not need to confer long on such-an evident matter. 'The judge had; summed ujf,iVery .briefly.' Why, everyone 3iad decided. ^3?jie..mind of,»thepublic was' imade mp.'€twss*trangehojf{liHleisynipathy;a had been >felt for the prisonert >- It had been iumoured that bia^pung wife wa« prostrated, by thearsadM affair. They had jnot been married* long,,! and the ^moneyt had. «fceen 4orrow«d from Halpine for the fnrnisMsg. Ehoanotlve for-tae murder was supposed?*®; bp 'ita'^pt possessibn of ^hjs Ifbill, That -w»s a - damning iact. *Sp?afh?n>he terrible w< da wtrt nr- prisoner sear with the sound of a Hod falling oji his cofliuj when the judg.Ij the terrors of the law, stood up in his place and pronounced ihe sentence. He shall be hanged by Jus neck till he « dead, and may the Lord have mercy on his soul," poor Bertrand gasped, " I hope He -will hive mercy, for there-is no mercy here." j" And»U around John Grahamswas a'parf eeti' ovatipn. ...The jcunous^aearcely;looked-!to ••ethe pruoner pass out with -weak steps, or noted whether his face was blanched with fear or whether he hire himself bravely. They looked rather at the rising man, who had spellbound thetn -with -hiB eloquence.'; The Halplnea, especially, crowded »"bout bim, shook hands, thankedhim with effusion. Maud's father was there That -wjis the sweeteat drop in this - delirious : draught.; She would hear. Strange—such ;ls .£he •: weakness - of. our 1 nature 1 —,that among that sea of faces all ready tp smile on him, John Graham seemed to?.«e.another.tbas;wasnoti:there^-.a ghastly,': BaUowfaco.withthe lifecruahed-outof'it he never lost sight ot it, even whenhe caght the gleam of "her pale gold hair of "basked in the sunny sweetaessjf ier eyeu. v*'5I»«terly,eloquenc8,;sir J" exclaimed -Mr.' Halpine, .over 3HS„EUIBB .ol,. pals sherry, at dinner. "That did for ihe rascal. Every member of. our family is under obligation ta you; and if I ever can do anythingrto advance your interest —" " Oh, papa, don't talk of that awful trial now 1" exclaimed : M&ufl-;,: with a shudder. ." Such a horrible thing!; I don't see why it should.have: happened 10 onr family." Miud waa a little Billy—jusfc a =little silly - noW[snd.then—butshen she^was -beautifulas a .white rose an .the sunlight. •?. And' John Graham sat there, drinking in. the " cup ofa costly oeath, brimmed with delirious, draughts:!® warmest life,'? a«-he.; sipped her. father's pale Bherry. But . when he . resched home and the; glamour was.gone, and he sat once more in the. little office where the - stranger had visited him the night before, he felt that he sat there a haunted man; -that he could never mora lift his hand- fserenely in the sunBhme as before without^ the shadow of something on the palm—Bertrand's blooa! Could even Maud's hly-white hand, laid in his, for ever wash out that foul spot ? There was time yet—time to cover himself .with ..shame..and dishonour ;' but time* to snatch back the doomed.life from the 3 aws of death John-Graham thought of it. -Por full five minutes he. pictured -the scenes—his confession, the scorn and contempt of those who had lauded him to-day-—the rain of his career. But the.man's life I Ahj the man's life! - Bah! -What would his own life. be worth afterwards ?.. He.shrank away with an ajjrful cowardice from^ the step hewascontemplatiug. No; It was too lata 1 Yet he did not feel that it was indeed too late till the day of execution, came.. . He> felt • thatlie.had lived ages. till, that hour. He saw. a nsw.wrihklein his face, as if the strange agony had written ita autograph there; And, looking m the ...mirror that • morninp, he • seemed-to discern a new. and.furtive : expression in his eyes, as if he: could look no man boldly in ihe face again. All that day. he walked^the streets in feveriBh. unrest. He : heard the'" extras'' cried at evening,. with an account-of the; execution and . Bsrtrand's . last words. Ber-i irand's last wordB-1 How well he knew what they must be I : Well, it was over, then.:-. There was -no; going: hack .now;no room • for. repentancsi though, he sought it with tears. v He tore •away.: hie, thoughts, with a great wrench,' from the assailing- subjectj and he began'to think of - Maud and -hia future. - Even in those few-weeks he had felt, that fame was thrust, upon .;hlm, hia career was open" ta him,. Chents (had : flocked him.- : His: future was assured, if .only,Maud-smiled on him. 1 ;':' I:»ay," exelaimed a,;f»miUar voice «t hi« shoulder,-" I've jnst called at yonr office and: here, by good luck, you ate." 7'.? Well, Spencer," said Graham;, coming out:of:.his ibrown .study Blowly, and looking; 1 at his fellow-lawyer as through a miet. ' ' ; ." Come, wake -up, old fellow. '- This is an exciting day ior.fyaus-to go to Bleep': There's your fellow Bertrand excused; and an engagement announced of another friend of yours." . Graham had scarcely brought hie thoughts 1 iback fromv their wanaering ^when he ~he&rd; r these'words: \- / f o l d - Halpine has- made : a good thing -of it. Ezra Collins is ; worth half a milium. To be sure Mauals a beauty." . ^' What'- are- you ' mandermg about ?" iGraham .exclaimed; savagely. " Why, Maud Halpine's - engagement/' exclaimed^ Spencer.". " ft's been announced for a day or two. What! have you been aweet'in that quarter ? -Poor fellow ! Com'ey: •J'mgolng to the-theatre . to-night, - Nothing like a -roaring iarce to, dispel grim melancholy." • But Graham excused ihimself, and went 'home instead. " ;He hadswalked all day; ho had eaten nothing, and ho was too -weak" to iwalk-iarther.; - ghost, was thrust under his door. H« ttod;on it as he went in. Ot course it contained fuil particulars of the execution. Maud Halpms loot to him 1 This girl, for' whorn he had.loaded 'himBelt |rith ;sm"|jiven'- to another7-J , or;hefeltno«rasifthesiahad Indeed heen Committed for her lake—to win jfame taad fortune, that he might win her. Heaiat down weakly in his chair. Ah 1 if he could .have isknown -before he had sold his hiithBghtoJihonourandiritegrityjforamesB: f pottage. Sow he saw his hopes and: [reams shattered about "him, and the future, desolate. The haunting shadow would walk that way beside Mb, and Hand would pot be there to make the sun shine. But time works wonders, and the sapie inchanter^vho: can dplantjthevvery sgrives SOf onr beloved-dead Wrth:flowers made at length' » grave for John Graham's Borrow and sin. But it was;a'grave ^rom which'a -ighoit arose at times—a phantom that would not be laid. Not at the dead" of night-alone did this: phantom sppear, 'but in thWreet it followed' him, at the banquet it found a seat—a; grinning? death's-headfiamong the revellers;' .writing, as .^t-:BBlshaszar',s.^eext;'of-old, v.in' .words visible to Graham's eyes alone, " Thou :art weighed :in.the':balaiice3,-and«rt rfound; r waiiting" »hting." ' 'But lime works wonders, and even Love itself willsmile at length /, On other loVes gone from TIB," And John Graham -began to forget the heamingteyes andHthegleam'-o^MaudiB golden hair, JYTand was a child, snd jaid trite, .silly things; bjit-ibis lyoman that^ie dreamed of had herspul m Jier glance. Besides, Hand had heen marned more 1 Jdhji-Gjaham had left the -town where-she :Overcome;® ! Sis ;iame ;had igone; AiBforesSumi to hiene-sf home, andhejiad tried 4o iet-the; fiead past Jbury its *4ea fair, nejf.^age m»ihe ))ook oi We, Jjjit he ?ould sot tear orn Jhe btored jrnd Molted one—only he looked--at jt,as soldom^ss! J x S ^ ^ V v ^ • .All he njeg,delnDw4oju{tke;himhappy^raBi {the companionship, ol ft-good, true- hearte'd-i Momany j n ^ home. jIf3}e -could. JP»kes£: beautrful home for a wife now. He'had prospered, and money had poured in on him. HiBname;Btooahigh:inthegreatoity,ana' .the woman ho loved was poor and obscure; so he bad little to fear. Yet what man who really loves feels no tremOur,-;no doubt,"when he has-made np-his . ruind-'to ask the great' deciding question 9 Everything was In John Graham's: favour, yet his ieart beat "likea prisoner assailing the bars," as he waited for 1 Constance Thome mthe Bplendid parlour oi her employer that night. As he paced the velvet floor, restlessly, he thought of her as he had always seen her, in .her id'sp mourning—for 'she was a young widow;—the sombre crape' and .'silk "only • ahghtly .. subduing; the splendour of her beauty; . The deep'blue eyes, the 'peach-like ! hue of her cheeks, the bronze hair, with the sunshine asleep in it; the force, the' (character; yet^the sadness of the whole face,; as if It had a history, had appealed to all; that was poetic Or chivalrous in hiH nature.- It was the iind of fice to make all men! knight errants, to kindle heroic 'daring, to or stun his conscience again with such deedB as— > .. Hueh ! lie would not think of it in her presence; and he heara the silken, soft ruBtle of her dress. Then; as: she entered, he saw. the-flush. deepen on her oheek, and it .gave him courage. :.;•;• He had pleaded many oaueeB, but none BO difficult as hi3 .own. All his eloquence seemed to fail- away -from hun in : this' woman's presence; He was humble, as true love always makes a man. Still, he had deoided- that he would %n'ow : his .fate that night. , " Xou are : not happy here," ho said, " ConBtance"—it was the: first time he had galled her Ijy this name; and she felt a premonition ; of-what was to follow, " Constance, I have - another situation to offer you." , , She flushed, but only smiled. - " There is but one pupil j he Is ready to learn ; r JmlI never he refractory. The home is not so splendid as this, but . there is a warmer welcome—a heart full of .'love for - you" » " No. ram not happy here," she said; " bnt- I-am not sure that l can ever.be happy sgam " "Oh, you muat be—you »Te so youag. Life did not finish for you when—" he glanced at her black dress and-paused. " I must tell you my story " she said,inan agitated voice;J' and then you must judge whether the—situatioujis still open to -me," wl'h a forced smile. "There la no.need to go into.the past,' ConBtance; ' Graham said. «I am content.. I know you as you are; that suffices for - me. | Iiet the past, with its shadows, flee away -for ever, twill take oare of the future." • " An, if one could," answered Constance, with a shiver, M if one could blot it all out; as with a sponge 1 But it does return; -its shadows hlacken all our .sunshine." . Graham wondered if she had lovedher loat husband so well. . V. You and all other happy people cannot understand my words," she said after a mGment'spau«e,seemlngto bring her thoughts hack with an effort from some far- off point to.whichthey had travelled. " I must tell, you my s'fcory." ' "If you must then." " Yes. •They do Slot know it here. It might have been in the way of my getting the Bituation. You'pity me here. Well, it is infinitely better than I ever had before my •husband.met me.. I ..was an orphan without relative. • He .pitied me so" that: he was ready to do .anything to rescue me fromsuoh. a . life. - He-was only a clerk, and should not Jiave burdened, ^himself • with a wife, but - he risked all for me. He took a little cottage in the suburb o£ a neighbouring town' It .was furmshed in the Simplest manner, hut it seemed paradise to me. The roses at the rwlndow—ah,.me! will any other roses ever smell- as sweet ?" - and the speaker grew silent, and seemed lost in * painful dream. .; 1 John Graham moved uneasily. ; These memorieB maddened him.- . He would gladly have,cut,th»m short, if : he could. After an uneasy moment of waiting, he could not, refrain from saying— : "Andyou loved him so- much, Constance;; this man who was so happy as. to find -you first ? • Do not make me envy him in his grave." She looked at . him> and a ghastly pallor seemed to blanch her cheek- "Envy him 1 - Oh, heaven ! and he died on the scaffold I" Then a hush lik« death seemed to fall upon them; and when John .Graham strove to speak his rigid lips would form no words. i " Y«w. s I see -you .are frozen with the horror of it 1" cried; Constanoe, passionately. " I knew I had: only, to tell'.my story; and' all > men, and women too, would fall away from me, the murderer's wife::; My poor Louis! I knew he was. innocent, but .1 -could-do nothing. The maadBmng thought prpBtrated me. As. the trial went on I grew- jnore and - more oblivious, . Was it kind, providential,as. the good people say, that eveu-my puny help i was made unavailing ? I lay scorched .witb - fever . while my husband's life. :was sworn. away, .1 was gravmg m oelmum the .^ay, . the.fatal day of hisrexecution,;and.forweeks - after." . An;.awful horror began to creep through, every vein of .the man who liBtened to these f. passionate words, ;Tbe CTomaiiJthat he loved^< who was Bhe ? . He tried to ask the question,: but once ;more . his,. lips .refused < to speak; Hia brain whirled so that he could not form -his thoughts;into words; >«He waited;ithen, in' ths,Bame Btony silence. And MfB. Thorne looked .at. him curiously, with a sinkingof the.; ieart. : She was not.indifferent to himtrs ln; face,inmiud;-and manner .hs^iwas: infinitely : ahove ithe plain, young.man vho had .won her girlish hand, A painful tremor ran through her voice, when she spoke again. "Ah, I feared jour love could not stand this test—to take the wiaow of a man who • Giod cn Lhe scaffold to your heart ami home. And -you are nght. ;£ conld never :be saa« ! bright and gay. as.,othe». V:Thie>has:>l>randed my heart as with a red-hot iron." .; Graham • iha.fi.ijcoUected; himself .'.by this time, : are- wrong," he flaid,: with a painful effort, and his voioe -sounded afar off. "I love you. Let all this be forgotten " " What, thought should tell you my true name t Though I should say I was; Bertrand's wife:?" she uttered in ^lad surprise. " Xou heard of the trial ?" Bertrand's wifethe woman ho had so; fonlly wronged 3 Could he take ier to his heart. Would jiot the phantom use at this and hannt-him for ever ? , And^yet oould he notmake some reparation hy taking this woman and cherishing her tenderly? He had made her life desolate. Could he not -Snake the rest so bright with affection that ithe shadows of the past would he forgotten? Lite lightning iheje thoughts flashed through his mind, and he spoke again with a voice that was low hut firm. & , v Constance, I love -.yon,fg.I!othmg that' haSjhajapened, nothing that-CStt happen, will change (that tot. Many innocent man has 4ie4 we Bhouldijose -our future lor -that. 3J»you: care enpugh forme-df a?ou cansiakwpity^on Ah, no," replied Conatanoe.^th'-a sad 4 8mile, < , it is you who take pity on me., I have pa .dower- to -bring but a tarnished Skme.' • "1 am- glad to give you another," responded Graham, .with »n answering smiles . : 1 V®otfthat poor Louis ever did an unworthy * action,?' Constanoe went on;;-eagerly. " He was ihe;viotimsof oiroumslantial evidence;: and the other side had a most eloquent lawyer—I forget - hir name.' Of course, he believed Bertrand gwlty." " let UB talk n _Graham, with an aching heart. " Let ns never j speak of it .again.' 1 -- It is over now— fimshedjtirrevocably.iJ We have our future now?' to think about,'for.'I will not allow you tostayhere muehlonger. I have waated too much :i time already, waiting for the one woman'who'is-to ! erown fiiy'li(e." v- And^rom that moment the talk grew more lover-hlre. though all' the mueic of it was Jn" the minor key, and the shadow ol that BoaffoKlswas thrown'over it 5 alU % John-iGraham," walking home -under the clearj- .Btarlit skyj 'liBaring the frosty pavement ;«hckeharply under hie step,- suddenly i a. " Jnet three" yearS^rgo -fie -haT^I^W^ftSrSliar™^ cnanoe or 3?/ovidenoe had' suddenly placed his ;»fateiin his hand; Yes, three years ago io-mght the burly; captain had-stood in his office; dripping irom every lock of -hiE lank hair, and told his-simple story; Three years ; ago, and to-mght he was -pledged to the wife of his viotim. Ah; what • a word—viotim! Why should; that'ugly word have intruded on' his thoughts ? - He stepped into-a grander office now than the. one in which;he had fought his battle-with Apollyon, and lost. A pleasant light-was diffused through it; a beautitul fire in a low-down grate gave a rosy warmth to it. ••". ; • .:• ••• = As Graham : threw' himself into a luxurious arm-chair'his hand touched a letter lying on the table:".- He took it up, and saw that the postmark was from his old home: • It was in Spencer's handwriting, and enclosed another—' : " Here is a letter which has heen lying for same 'weeks m the dead letter office,. and out of pure-good nature I send it to yon. It may contain something important -^-some news : o£., property .that may help the poor young woman. She disappeared, from these parts so long ago that there is now but a faint rumour that she is living under a feigned name where you are ! loBt in the darker depths of some great town;' So I thought that as you . had helped her poor husband out o£ the . •world—right enough it .served him, of courae—you would perhaps. hunt her ng, . and send her. the enclosed." i The enolosed ;was; a large, somewhat soiled-looking, letter," directed to./'Hrs. Louis Bertrand." .. •- -... . ".I will give it to ..Constance to-morrow night,''. ;he-: said, as .. he put it in his • pocket, . M How- Spencer -would opea his eyes; if. he knew the true state o£. the oase." _..•..'• •,-t And- then-he began to thmk how "the community in general- at his old homo would op en-their eyes,- and what tongues would wag over this strange marriage. 'f-It will be a nine ' days! wonder, and then it will die out," he said. "Ko one will know •thatl amtrying. to make&n;«tonemeut." <' Graham:«uddenly recollected the letter tho next night .when he had .been talking with: Constance for an hour. ; " Oh, here iB something for yon," he said, handmg it to her, and explaining the circumstance of its coming.- I hope it is only good news." " Jly good news oomes always from you," Constanoe. answered, taking the letter carelessly, with a smile. ' .. "Oh, you must open it. I am curious about your correspondents,"; Graham said,. . ; So Constance -opened' it, and, looking at her while she read, John Graham saw her face pale before his- eyes,-and a low cry escaped her hps. ; *;Wiiat is at?" la cried, epringuig up. "Any badnewB?" • Constance had lisen too.; She Btood there proudly, .with ;a, strange expression in her eyes. . 'IJiead it," She said, holding the letter towards/him, " and judge for yourself.'? : Graham took , the. letter mechanically, wondering why,, he should read it. The writing, waa stiff and- oonstrained—an almost , illegible, hand. But he was a lawyer, and accustomed .to decipher everything. Thus it ran:—. .„ ••.,•:•: ••,..-„;. ,-..•;-, :; " Bespeoted Madam;—I feel it my boundon dooty to-make known to you, tho* too late to save him »s is gone, a fact • or .two, whieh hkewise I.commoomckatedio a lawyer John Graham, by- name—as proved a damned raskil. I,beg your pardon, but the thoueht on'trilea xae hey*at expression. J"or I went • to him the night afore, and took my affidavy, as well he knows,.how £ .seen: another man oomin': out of Halpme's at a certain hour, as stands to reason.were .not yonr good man at all, for he had jailer hair and blue eyes, as were a- suspioioua -ciroumBtance, and ought terhave bin followed up. It was put down m blaok and -white, and he said it would stind.So I went off on a long cruise with a quiet heart, and -when;! arrives the other day, I hears that yonr lamented husband is : executed, and no mention . made of anybody . else, pr.8nBpioion,; or nothin' about that ohap I seen comin' out; In short, that ere lawyer, . John Graham, had cooked up hie cass afore he«een.me,,and he warn't-;goin' to spile it with the truth. Ho's a wUlin', nnd ef ever I meet him M toll him so; and of he can be tried for it, I'll present him, for he murdered your.husband,aB surely as that other feller did Halpine. So, no more at present -from. - : your friend and well-wisher, " THOMAS BBOWSE." jj°ng hefore he had finished this letter John Graham 'felt. the hbt bl^bd surging to hiB rhead^and a strange singing in hiB ears. He:knew. ;whose eye;was upon him, and he quailad.utterly.. He idarecl iiot look up. ; j f Is jt true? ' ConBtance said, at last, after waiting-vamly for some word.- " It is true!' G'aham faltered, feeling that his doom was sealed. . He hBd slooped to much, but he could not * lie to .this woman, lie felt that her clear eyes looted into his very'sonl. ; ^ v .-..- j " Thon nothing remains but for yon to ; go,V; Constanoe Baid, in a clear voice. 1 "Have you nothing else to say to rne ?" Grahami.pleaded, in-a .piteous'voice. - . Mothma, save io advisa jou to leave thie city, for, ...you; see, -thia man • can spoil your praotice,'? Constanee went on; pitil®Bly, .. ";i8 there;nolope,-Constanoe," he urged. •' 1 "None, ' she answered, firmly. " My only hope as never to see yonr face again." John^Giaham lookedonoe on the face which .was:aU'the qf old, was .driven from *hat paradise of love for his sin. He wehtout into the wilderness,' desolate and bate for him for ever. The Tar West, that refuge for all, seemed to offer a-home where hia tame An J his infamy were alike unknown, and there "he lived his A -roui§«%oma , n !whoj"fcaa"*toever learned the gentlest >oi oooktry, heioK desirous oi impftBSin^fcerhnsbaha'Wiai her knowledge and dilsgence^anagfeg to haye her kitchen door ftjar-on the day alter4heii retam from |he bridal -trip.^nd^uBt as her lord oomes in irom "the office;-Exclaims "loudlv—" Hurry •»P» 33hz», iflolr.;HaveQ't -ydh 1 washed thft' 