Scissor Snips. (From the papers.) "A thin figure is ever more poetic than a stout one"; and M[?]le. Bern-<*> hardt is thin beyond all peradventure. She is, indeed, of such immaterial ness that her attenuated figure is a stock subject for the professional jesters of Paris.. It is said, for instance, that she once escaped from robbers by .hiding behind her riding-whip. It is said again that, in her early career a manager refused to engage her, alleging that he would not havo in his theatre a woman who could enter his office through the keyhole. But the utmost height to which this rather thin wit has gone as yet is the assertion that one evening an empty carriage drove up to the Theatre Frangais, and Mdllo. Sarah Bernhardt alighted from it." There is a vast difforeuce between coquetry and sociability—a difference which should be hotter understood-than it Jβ at present. , The Bulletin says: " The organist at; Yarra-street, Geelong, has learned two fresh voluntaries. Cujus Animam and' ' Ho wipes a tear, , etc., are worn out." Whilo tho preacher at a Mariner's Church in his eermon was eloquently; asking " Is there anyone who cares for ; tho poor sailor?" a little girl, whoso; eldest sister sat at her side (and was ? engaged to a eon of the ocean) answered \ loud ouough for the audience to hear, ? looking archly at her sistor, " Yes, sir,' ' Beck' does !" The audience were at onco thrown into a broad grin, and tho minister closed tho exercises quickly with prayer. , ? The time is short, and so let us put intensity of soul into its improvement. Each hour, when gone, is gone for over ! Do not squander it. Dr. Cotton Mather would say of a visitor who had wasted his time by a needless call, "I had rather give a handful of money than be kopt. this long out of my study." Seneca says that " Timo is tho ouly thing of which it is a 'virtue to be covetous." .-"??? He that cannot forgive others breaks the bridge over which ho must pass himself. The wool entries for tho Melbourne International Exhibition are now com plete. They number 207, of which Victoria sends 108, New South Wales 29, Queensland 6, South Australia 18, New Znaland 23, Tasmania 21. The Bendigo Advertiser, relates that a servant girl employed by Mrs. Chris topher Kelly stupidly asked one of the ??children to bring her a largo carving knifo from tho next room. Tho child fell, and the blade entered tho cheek j ?below the right ear, and, passing upwards, eeverod the flesh from the bone, and protroded several inches above j tho upper part of the head. j ? Twenty- two Orangemon have been. elected to the new Parliament, bosides a largo number of sympathisers (!). There nro elovon Boman Catholics elected, but theso are not all papalani. Some of Sir Henry Parkes' unim proved land, at Faulconbridgo sold this week for £51 an acre. . .. Tho present depth of tho Magdala shaft, Stawoll, Victoria,; is 2410. feet, but all is in readiness to bore' over 500 feet farther. If nothing is then reached it is not likely the earth's crust will be pierced a?y : deeper for somo time to dome. . ? ' The medals and certificates awarded to the pupils of the Fort-street school, Sydney, at the International Exhibi tion, worp presented on Tuesday after noon last by the headmaster of the boys' school. Baley, tho youth (15 years of ago) who was sentenced to death at Bowcn for a criminal assault on a girl aged 12, hoe had his sentence commuted to three years* imprisonment in a reformatory. ? About 50 stray goats woro slaughtered at Newcastle by tlie police on Tuesday nifilit, and towed out to eea in a punt. Forty-threo and a-linlf tons of etono, from Mo. G, Lady Mary reef, Gympie, when crushed, yielded 188 oz. of retorted gold, which gave a dividend of 3d. por scrip on 2-1,000 in the company. SniittlowortU and Co. in tho firm fined £1000 at JM?lbouruo for evading custotH?. Dr. J. H. Hill writes to tho Argus stating that on v station at St. George, Queensland, there lives an aboriginal man and woman, brother and sister, en- i tirely devoid of hair on their heads, faces, | and every part of their bodies. It is also ! said that there is a tribe of hairless blacks living about 500 miles west of Briebnne. A burglar can make no explanation of his presence that will satisfy a front-, yard bulldog. ' Tho capital of the London and ?W-eeternraJlwoyeexceecJeiSlOOiCiOO.pOO, Virtue muketh men on tho earth famous, in their graves glorious, and in heaven immortal. A short time sinco two ladies on a steamboat discovered what they knew waG a rat ridden hidden behind the window curtain of thoir stato-room. Dressing and calling a gentleman friend was but tbo work of a moment. Ho advancod to the scene of dangor, and, grasping a slipper, struck the wretched intruder a stunning blow whero the out lines showed through the curtain. Still ness reigned. The curtain was thon raised to remove tbe corpse, and it proved to be tho tassel. Ho put it down without anyone telling him to do so, and peevishly remarked that" a woman was a fool to set a red hot flat iron on a kitchen chair." A . mixture of pure lime-juice and lavender water, in equal parts, iB a nico preparation for whitening tho hand?, and' no irritating soap should be used. Tbo greatest; mail living may stand in .need of tho meanest, as much as the meanest does of bim. Recorder (to witness with bandaged hoad): " Did ho havo ony provocation when lie struck you 1" .Witness: "Ho' may have had something of the kind concayled on his person,, but it was a brick be struck mo wid." Despondency conies readily enough to us all. The daily greeting of our friends can raise or depress pur spirits for a day. Ladies do not use a crest—they are not entitled; to dp so. A married lady uses one because she uses her husbatid's writing paper, just as 6ho does his car riages or'plate. The marked superiority of women over men is on few points more remarkable than' in their superior powers of smelling and tasting. A woman will 'detect-the .1 faintest odour of tobacco when am an, j oven though a non- smoker, often fails to discover any symptom of it. A great many people come into church very late. Now, why don't they walk in n littlo slower, or wear muffled shoes ? Heaven loses its power; in a measure over us when the world is. dressed iv its full, charms, and nothing comes in to break its hold upon our affections. . In Bulgaria 5,000 acres of roses aro cultivated for their scent. At Waterloo, Gippsland, tho rainfall up.to dato for this yoar exceods 70 inches. _ . '.' How aro you coming on with soa batbing?" asked a gentleman of an invalid. ;" Splendid !- I. bathe three times a day." "How do, you like it ?" "The doctor says I must take a toddy after each bath.to rostore the circulation —that's how I like it I" ,- "Mrs. Sage, I should like to know whose ferry, boats : those are that I tumbled over iv the hall?" "Ferry bpats, indeed, sir! Thoso aro my shoes! Very polite of you to call'em ferry boats !" " Didn't Bay ferry boats, Mrs.; you misunderstood me—' fairy boots,' I said, my dear friend." A Scotch druggist was. aroused by tho ringing of his night- bell. He arose, wont downstairs, and served a.customer with a dose of salts. His wifo grumbled. "What profit do you get out of- that penny ?." " A ha'penny," was the reply. " And for that ha'penny you'll be awake a long : timo," rejoined tho wife. " Aweel," replied the placid druggist, " tho doso of salts will keep him awake much longer; let us thank heaven that wo have the profit and not the pain of the transaction." A diamond signifies innocence ; pearls purity ; and turquoise, prosperity. This combination would bo a suitable engage ment ring. Ho who truly wishes the happiness of nnyono, canuot be long without discover ing some modo of contributing to it. The Romans con?idored it indelicate for a husband to kiss a wifo in"the presence of othors. Coonin silvor mine is opening out well, and the promotors have every hope of realising a fortune. The miners aro now slabbing the shaft. Stago management in Japan is somo- ; what occentric. When an actor is killed during tho play a man in black rushes on and holds a largo. clonk before the supposed -corpse, who rises and runs off tho Rtage. The scenes are never shifted, but tho wholo stago revolvos on wheels, whilo betwoon the acts tho children amongst the audience rush behind tho curtain anil piny until the drumbeats for another act. The performance begins at 10 a.m., and the audience provision themselves for 24 hours, curling thoin selves up on mats and smoking tho wholo time. Each sqaro inch of tho surface of tho globo is pressed with 10 pounds of air— that gives 6,000,000 of tons to the square mile; mid the earth has n surface of 197,000,000 sqnnro miles. A cubic inch of water weighs 1,851 times as much ns a cubic inch of air. Our earth weighs 5,842 trillions of tons. But the sun is ns heavy as 350,000 earths. At Niagara .mid over an unbroken fall of 150 feet, 100,000 millions of tons of water full iv an hour ; and the Missis sippi alone pours annually into tbo Golf of Mexico tii billions of tons. Tho beat given away by tho snn in each second of timo is equal to what would be emitted in the burning of 31,000 ?millions of millions of tons of coal. A rather curious caso of mistaken identity bus arisen in Gcelong. A young man named Thomas Chapman, a com mercial travoller, has been arrested for wifo duKertiou on an information laid by Funny Bolproud, who avers that Chap man is her husband and deserted herself j and family in 1873. Chapman, who is v married, denies having ever eeen the j woman before, aud both are equally posi tive, Chapman was held to bail. The Evils of Bettirig.r-In denouncing the greatamount of betting which took place over the recent boat race between Trickett and Hanlan, the Witness says: —As specimen cases,' wo may mention that; it is .currently -reported that one man bet three; houses which he owned in the north side of the city—all the property he owned in the world; and that, when he camo to Punch's hotel to deliver oyer the according to agreement, in opposition to the large sum of money which he was to have if Trickett had won, he walked out of tho hotel with nothing in the world but the clothes be wore. We have heard of anothor case, where oyorything in the house has gono, leaving a family desti tute by the reckless spirit of gambling. Another case is reported to-day that a heavy loser shot himself. Among tho losers ominous threats riro held out against Trickott should horotom. We shall never know Jbalf of tho losses sus tained, for the losers from very shamo will seek to conceal their loss. The Wolverine, tho Cormorant, the Danae, the Sandfly, and the Beagle—all her Mnjosty's war vessels—aro lying snugly in Farm Cove. There are those who think they would be better employed avenging the murder of her Majesty's sailors among the islands. Some wicked Yankee says that ho has invented a new telegraph. Ho proposes to plaoo, a line of women fifty steps apart, and commit the news to the first as a very profound secret..'-., A Gorman life insurance company called Dor Lobensversicherupgsgosll sohaft, complains of the irregularity of the mails. Yet one woiuld; suppose it got'all its letters. Mr. J. R. Bowman presented the Adelaide Hospital with pictures to the value of nearly £100, to enliven the walls of the ward.. : A Nice Dessert of Apple3.—Pare and weigh two pounds of green apples. Cut them iv small pieces, and drop them in a rich syrup made of a pound and a quarter of sugar and n little water. As soon as tho syrup begins to boil add the juice and grated rind of one large lemon or two small ones. Boil till the apples become a solid mass. Turn out in a wet mould to stand till cold. Servo on a dish surrounded .with boiled custard, or eat with seasoned cream. Rosa Bonheur, the has never married, her art and excessive devotion to her family seeming to fiU.her heart, so that it does not need -the love that most women long!for and claim as. their: right. ,' Everybody thought it was a match, and so did he, and so did she; but one evening at a croquet; party she hit her pet corn a whack with a mnllet that sounded like a torpedo, arid he—ho laughed; "We meet as strangers," she wrote.on her cuff and showed it to him. "Think of mc no more," ho whispered huskily. ; A Now York correspondent tolls an interesting story about four women who go to dinners and receptions to talk and to help the hostess entertain her guests.' Tho price for thoir services is £5 an hour. £490 has been subscribed towards tlio international regatta at Melbourne. The Nelson will follow the races. Waves, Montagues, and flat love-locks still remain the favourito method of arranging the hair closo to tho forehead, through the use of various gums to flatten the hair will, it is feared, by-and-bye re sult in a nation of bald-headed females. Tho capital invested in railways in this colony, opon at tho end of la?t yoar, was £10,406,495, and on linos under construction, £1,004,854. Tho capital raised by loan is £11,610,600, on which tho nnnuul interest is £535,582. The working expenses of tho yoar amounted to £604,721, and tho gross oarnings to £952,366, leaving abalanco of £347,645 available for interest. No lady who has been beforo a divorce court, however innocent sho may be, or ou whatsoever side she may have been, is permitted by etiquette to have her name pass for a drawing-room at the English Court. A youth was rushing round tho corner, saying, "All I want in this world is to lay my bauds on him !" He presently camo upon a boy weighing about ten pounds more than himself, and rushing at him he exclaimed, " Did you lick my brother Bori?" " Yes, I did," said tho boy, dropping his bundle, and spitting on his hands. " Well," con tinued tho other lad, backing slowly away, "ho uceds a licking once a. weok to teach him to bo civil." " She was very beautiful, and ho loved her ta distraction. Sho hated him ; nnd yot, like a true woman, tried all she knew to catch him"—A flea ! The tramway system which has just been commonced shows a good result. Mr. Goodchop's reports refers only to tbe Eliznbeth-st. tramway for lost year, which cost £22,269, carried 443,341 pas sengers from tho 16th Septombor to tho 31st December, earned £4416, and cost in working expenser £2278, yielding a dividend of 9i per cent ou its capital i cost. What will our tramways bo when they are completed to all tho populous suburb? ?— 'JEcJto. When is a lady's dress like an unfor tunate bullfighter? When it's gored, —And when is it liko a partisan? When it is biased.—And whon is it like a toper ? Whon it's full.—And when is it like tho sails of a ship 7 \Vhcn it is trimmod. Wo havn t timo to follow this lead any farther. An observing politician says that the diflorenco between tboso going in nnd out of office is mainly this :—Tho former nro Bworo in, nod the latter go out swearing, According .to tho London Directory) tho most common names are as fol lows ??—Smith, 19 columns; Jonea 9; Brown 8; Williams 6f; Johnson s£; Clark, Davis and White, 5; Wood and and Harris; Evans, Green, Boliorts and Robinson 4. Upon! comparing these with, the London Directory of thirty years sinco, in each case the num bers now are about doubled, showing the rapid growth of the' family of Smith, Brown,and Jones. .-.-. _ . Correct speech is.such an indisputable mark of a lady or gentleman that it cannot be too often repontod that tho true standard of pronunciation is one in which all marks of a particular place of birth and residence are lost, and in which nothing appears to indicato any habits of intercourse other than with the well-bred and well- iuforuicd, wherever they may,bo found. In the matter of accent, vocabulary nnd pronunciation, tho aim ought to bo to avoid all that is local, affected, or vulgar. Lot no tran gressors imagine they can. escape with impunity. Their speech will betray them, and ovon well-educated childron will bo merry and satirical over them behind their backs. The BulUtin (Melbourno) wants to know why don't tho bankers havo a cricket club. They would be all good scprers, as thoy all know how to keep " runniug" accounts; and also good bowlors, as they are seldom "hit hard." Bound arm thoy love, buthato anythiug "under-hand." Three littlo girls' had great fun in: a neighbour's house at South Bend, In diana, during the absence of tho family. They first broke all the window panes. Thon they poured several gollons of milk on tbo parlour carpet. Finally, they emptied six doxen cans of rasp berries and huckleberries into a tub, and dyed all the fine dresses thoy could find in tho juice. Bishop Halo, of Brisbane, has offered to give £700 if seven gontlemcn can be found to subscribe £100 each so as to clear off the £1,400 overdrawn by thb Queensland General' Church Fund, ' The assult case at Adelaide, Davis v. Holloway, resulted in a verdict for plaintiff, with £85 damages. j He trod on the plug of yollow soap ! That the girl had left on tho topmost '. stair— And what to.him was love or hope? j And what to him was joy or care? j For his feet flow out liko wild, fierce things, ] And! he struck every stop with anoisa liko a drum; .' i And the girl below, with tho scrubbing-. things, ...??.: I Laughed like a fiend to see him come.! The Albury Municipal. Council has; voted. £100 for a demonstration on the! completion of the now railway, i £109 per foot' was refused for a block '? of land at tho corner of Bridgo-stroet j and Elizaboth-street, Sydney. It is claimed by some medical men that smoking weakens the eyesight, j Maybe it does, but just see how it strengthens tho breath.. : " Did it over occur to you," asks a punsomo exchange, " why n lawyer who is conducting a disputed will caso is liko a trapeze performor in a circus ? Didn't ? Woll, .it's because he flies through the heir with the greatest of foes." A cahlogram wns received in Sydney on Tuesday announcing tho death of Colonel Vaughan at his country seatj Courtfield, Monmouth. The deceased gentleman, who was born in 1808, was brother of the Roman Catholic BiHhop of Dorset, Devon, ond -Cornwall, and was father of Dr. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney, and tho liight Hey. Herbert Vaughun, It.O. Bishop of Salford. Dion Boucicault has ferreted nbout London until ho has got somo theatre owner to want him for a manager. Emigrants from New Zealand nro arriving iv Nawcastlo, in conscquenco of tho continuod depression of business In the former place. Tho man who owns a fine gold collar button with a diamond set in tho centre always considers it cooler and moro com fortablo tj go without a necktio. Holland exports to England yearly 35,000,000 pounds of butter and doublo that quantity of cheese, Thoro is no artificial mothod of pre serving the complexion. The wuy to ensure having a proper quantity of healthy blood in tho skin is to riso oarly, to bo much in tho open air, especially during tho hours of sunlight, to avoid ovorheated, artificially lighted, unventi-. lated rooms, and to retire early to rest. When tho Earl of Bradford was brought before Lord Chancellor Lough borough to bo examined npon application for a statute of lunacy against liitn, tho Chancellor a6ked him—" How many logs has a shoep ?" Does your lord ship mean," answered Lord Bradford, " a live or a dead sheep ?" " Is it not the same thing 7" said the Chancellor. " No, my lord," said Lord Bradford ; " thoro is much difference. A living sheep may havo four legs, n dead sheep has only two, Thore aro but two legs of mutton; tho two forelegs are shonldere." The world may profess to despiso monoy but a brute who has it, receives moro honor than a good man without it. Wealth is thus " the missing link," that joins respoct to the disrcspuctablc. When you can hardly say enough for a man, say ho is ono out of a thousand. It will bo true as long as there ore 999 men in the world. In tho stomach of o Pennsylvania cow, recently killed, were found seven teen wrought- irou nails, Sho bad cow— hide outside, nnd oxide itigkic, ' Of the ten members recently nomi nated to the' Upper Houso, the Mudgee Independent says, two of thorn : wore relatives of .the : Postma?ter- General. Ono was his brothbr and the other his; father-in-law. This' is, indeed, being translated from the mists of obscurity to the glare of renown upon the coat- tails, of a convenient relative. Th? worst of it is that the procbdont teaches that thattherb is a royal road to an M.L.0. -ship j to get to tho Upper Housetho easiest way is get a son-in-law who is a Cabinet' Minister. '.-??; The Hunter River Agricultural So ciety have decided to mortgage .their property for £1000. for tho purpose of making further improvements. Tenders will be called, at once for a now pavilion. The comraitttoo have adopted a design of Mr. Edward .Boillot for ?ri engraving for tho' socioty. It is said to be far superior to anything out of Sydney. .It is hot the intention of the Dukb of Manchester to make any lengthened Stay in Brisbane. Ho will proceed to Governor Kennedy's country sent, near Toowoomb?, soon after his arrival. His Grace, wiil visit tho Hon. J. P. Bell's estate, at Jimbour, and Bi'nno' of the largo sheep-stations on tho Darling Downs. Ho will also remain nt West brook, Sir Patrick Jennings' estate, near Drayton,; and will on his return to Bydney come overland by way of Now England, '.visiting Tentcrfiold, Glen Inues, Armidalo,: and Tatnworth, re maining in Sydney n fow. wcoks bofore proceeding to Now Zealand.. Bourko and party's . rich leader is creating tho greatest excitement nt To mora. To thb west the supposed con tinuation is pegged off for milos; nnd to the ca?t, all available land is secured by leaso from Mr. A. L. Doritschor. Two- Bixtlrshares in Malonoy's P. C, Lower Temora, woro sold at auction by order of tho executors of a deceased share holder for £253 10s. and £255— Messrs. James Molonoy and Cohen, purchasers. According to a Melbourne telegram, published in tbe Ararat paper, porsons who are supposed to have somo know lodgo of what they say, state that wheat will bo sold early in tho season at a price at-which tho farmors cannot grow it."'lt is alleged that a ring is, being formod to take advantago of the farmers' necessi ties, as is done in America, A man may conceal his name, his ago, the circumstances of his lifo, but not hia character. That is his moral atmos phere, and it as is inseparable from bim as tho fragrance of tho rose from tho rose itself. In the glance of tho oye, in the tones of the voice, in tho mciv and gesture, character discloses itself. A young man is going about South Kensington begging at doors, on tho ground that, on a cortaiu night, by miraclo, ho was made Elias. Joseph Melady, a young mnn, whilo working at Coburg quarries, was killed instantaneously by the fall of a block of stone, weighing over two tons, on his head. His Honor Mr. Justice Fnwoott— who has for some months past been in a very delicato state of health—will de part for Europe upon a two years' loavo of absoncc, early in tbe new yonr. A Now York fruit-growor has paid for twonty yoare back, £100 per annum , for manure alone to pnt on his ISO-acre orchard. Note the consoquanco: ho now has a largo evaporator which will ;dry 125 bushels of fruit in the day. A letter of thiinks was ordered to bo Bent to tho Horn John. Frassrfor tho '£500 placed by him at the disposal of .the Council for tho erection of drinking fountains in Sydney, Tho City Council of Sydnoy paid £12,177 in.salaries for the yoar r exclu sive of tho city architect's,.comm'ssion and men on weekly .wagasi. For'tho coming year tho nraourit will, ho a fow. hundreds loss. Tho backers of Hanlan, in' Toronto alone, won over £60,000. , - In 1868 feathers from tame- ostriches first figured in tho trado returns of Southern Africa, while duringtlic first quortor of tho prnsont yoar the export of foatliorfl was at tho rato of £1,000,000 per annum. That must havo been a very ncw chum storokcoper who lost" woe k -wroto to tho editor of the Australasian on closing samples of on insect that was troubling his maize, ond wanting to know what they woro. They wero woevils. ? On Weducsdny a girl wns admitted to tbo Wngga Wagga hospital, suffer ing from centipede poisoning, under somewhat peculiar circumstances. .Sho bad killed tbo centipede with a broom handlo, and afterwards when using the broom tho venom got into hor hand somehow, nnd tho virus soon spread through hor arm. A now profession has beon thrown open to women—namely that of diamond culling. The work of diamond cutting is a mechanical labour which culls into play extrcmo dolicacy of touch, nnd special aptitude in judging form and colour. Tho anciont " Palace of the Inquisi tion," at Rome, is for salo I Tho bills are out and the brokers aro in. This "desirable propsrty" is advertised by a prosaic auctioneer as for dif.po.tal "with out any reserve." A "Nebraska Judge decided to givo a horso-thiof orm more clmuco As tho follow l'jft tho neighbourhood to begin a nowor and batter lifo.ho took along the jmlge'6 horso to holp him. " Don't show my letters," wroto a young man to a yoong lady whom he udou'd. "Don't bo afraid," was tbo reply ; "I'm just as muchashiirjaod of them 89 you arc," From a atntoment inada; by tho Vu ? ;, lor inn Mintsfc? of .Custouisi! thb loss to the rovonno must h?ve boon' very con siderable through tho undorvaluoa! on the part.of Clayton, ?? Shuttlowortb. and Co,-,?'"? ':/!'.'";--. "::'-.' !.,v- -Si: '- ''V/: -"Tho South '^?Btraliftu' scfioWrship, worth £200 ? year for four years, haa been awardod to Percy A.nsell Robin, Bachelor, of Arts of tho Um i ycrsity. j,.'!.-;!.!!.:'!: -.-.?.-^>.--."-.-;^- _ t ?'?? /' ; -'?'!??? .:??< Thero '; is a prospoot of 'Operations being renewed' at tho Shamrock Hill Meat Preserving Works at tho begin ning of tlio new year. ; . Tho Hobart match between tho Ann- : tralian Eleven nnd a. team representing Southern Tasmania was concluded to-day. Tho following are tho scores of Southern Tasmania:—First innings, 2SO; second, 55; total, 285. !? Aus tralian Eleven: First innings, 231; second innings—-Bannermnn G4, Jarvia 5, Murdoch 4, Slight 5, Blaokhatri 11, Spofforth (not out) 3, Groubo (not out) 8 ; aundrios, 6;. total for five wickets, G5, Tho Australians thus: won the match by five wiokots. A caso camo hefom tho Police Court, Melbourne, in wu'oh dotectivo O'Donnell charged constable Riley, of Now South Wales, with assault committed at the Exhibition. Tho Bench said that tho caso was disgraceful, and aa eaoh was to ! blame, thoy fined both £2, or 14 days' | imprisonment. ..?;-='. Somo idea of the grain trade Tfith Amorica may bo, gathored from the fnot that in tho month of August mriro than 13,000,000 bushol?. wore shipped from New York alone, andthat nofowcr than 325 vossols wore either wholly;or par tially engaged in tbo trade. Tho ship ments for September wero oxpeotod to exceed 15,000,000 bushels; and, as tho profits nro about equally divided between tho ship-owner and the shipper, tho im portance of the trade is apparent. At a land meeting held at'Baliy.duff, County Kerry, the othor day, tho Government reporter was hustled off tho platform and kicked. Tbe resident magistrate was compelled to call out tho constabulary with fixed swords, 'who reinstated thb reporter, and guatdod him to tho close of the meeting. It must bo vory pleasant indeod to tako notO? under such circumstances. ;..:.-..:?' Tho views of tho Roy. Charles Strong, on certain theological matters, have boon too strong for the Presbyterian! authori-; ,! ties in Molhounic—but ho roniains'th6 strong m:in armed find Icbbpslns'lioriHe. How. easy it. is to .be opon-handed whon it involves no self-doniftl. Wliou people wish thoy had wealth in ordor^to , do good with it, thoy commonlymean that thoy would liko to have so much money that they could givo freoly with out feeling it. :'??'But what gonero?ity.'is there in that? Tho true measure of our devotion to any object is what we are ready to give up for it. Until we inak'o sacrifices for a came, wo furnish noproof that that: cause lias our heart, f Wo; do not oven know whothor or not wo really lovo a. friend, unle.is wo nro called on to choose between his wolfare and something ' that wo aro loth to surrender. - ! ;-;:-(i 1 it is claimed that a man never loses anything by polittoiicssj but tbis pvoved to bo n rai?taku. As an old Philadeli phian liftod his hat to n young lady! the" .wind carried away his Wig. \ ; ;:vf A project has beon started for | tl'o opening of a Universal Exhibition iti Rome in 1885. Ithaiiboon supported' warmly in arid a c.ommitte has ; been formod in that city for aiding'the preparations. . ''"?'''-''-' v :;- ;! 'r'' Somo soured bachelor says : "Heaven, in its merciful providence gave no beard' to woman;! bocauso it woll knew that she could not hold her tonguo long enough; to-bo shaved." ??-.'?'? "?? 'An Irishman who haJ on a very [ . raggod coat was asked of what stuff it was made. " Bedad, I don't know } 1} think tho most of it is made of fresh* air."-- ? ?: :'?'.''.."?"'.. Bonnor mado 28 runs whilo Banner* 7 " man was making one, ' 'i:''-"'jy' Calamity is.man's-ttuo touchstone. 1 ? Tho joy of meotihg pays the pangs". of absi'iico, else who! could bear it? ? ?/';f; ; Offenbach was a martyr to illnegs J during the Inst tori years of his lifo, and v of.on worked his best when suffering : moat.' ? '.. "-'?' .-: .?' '?'?'' , '.' , , - -! How to livo bo aa- to got the most and highest satisfaction out.of this world, ? and bo bpst flttbd for an endloss Ufa in' - heaven, is tho problem which people cvorywliore look to religion for aflohition. 1 ?; Whatovor tboology may Bay, whatever ;. 1 tho Biblo may seom io Bay,, every sonl?;'?' may rest perfectly ns?iirud In this, that:' . tho Judge of rill the Oarth will do right, ; .' is doing right, has always dono right,; ( ' a:ul will be scon by all to havo done right when tho ond has oome, and wo! V see tho wholo of Uis dcsign? and thoir" * final outcome. ! Tho Southern Crass Bays "Godless "'???' instruction given in the Stato-schoolri;??';''. duriug tho week days doos riot dovolopo :, tho zonl that might havo been expected '; on tho ono day, during which tho OhnrcK I ';'--'' has undisputed sway. Tho SpiritistiT'f aro brinciug np 140 unhappy children £! on a windy diot of ghost lore, and tiieT'"- ; rinsiugs of all crcoJH. This nurabor'i's ' decidedly 140 too mnny. '""''- -*"*.; Mr. W. E. Hope, lato postmnstcr at : ' Wagga, was brought up at the loda! ; '' police court charged with moneys, tho property of tbo mont. Mr. Hill, superintendent of the ' monoy order and savings bank branch l"' Lydnoy, said tho dofslcation? amon r ; to( j "'? to £905 5a lid. Tbo accu?od *. o |d Mr. ; ! Hill that ho lost tho money ? ft ' t g n ' m blipg, '' The defalcations took ??' jOCO between loth November y th - mtanti Ho "" wus comwU"^ a f or - t rW ?t the li?xt' l %iwm w tliu 4U) Hmh, - 