THE ARRIVAL OF THE BISHOP OF NEWCASTLE. We are glad to be able to record that the Right Rev. Dr. Pearson has had a special welcome among us in a form which must have been as acceptable to his lordship as it is noteworthy in the history of the Diocese of Melbourne. The Church of All Saints, East St. Kilda, was placed at the disposal of the diocese for the occasion by those in charge of the parish, and the success which attended the arrangements abundantly justified the choice made of this particular Church. We suppose that there is no Church in the diocese which, in the extent of of the chancel, and on account of theexcellence of the choir, is so well suited for special services of a diocesan character. Till the new Cathedral is opened for public worship, we trust that the example set on the 26th inst. will be followed as often as occasion may require. The ' welcome' took the form of full choral evensong. Invitations had been sent in the name of the Bishop of Melbourne to the clergy of the diocese, and were well responded to. Some forty of their num ber, headed by the Very Rev. the Dean and the Ven. the Archdeacons Crawford and Stretch, were present on the occasion, and occupied the seats reserved for them in the chancel behind and beyond the choir. At half-past seven p.m. a procession of clergy was formed at the parsonage, which was joined in the Church grounds by the choir, and entered the Church at the west door in the following order: — Cross Bearer. Choir Boys. Lay Clerks. Clergy of the Diocese . (according to date of ordination— Juniors first). 1 -' Canons of the Cathedral, : . Archdeacons. Dean. Bishop of Newcastle and Chaplain. Bishop of Ballaarat and Chaplain. Bishop of the Diocese and Chaplain. The processional hymn, in which the congregation heartily joined, was No. 391, A. and M. (revised edition) to Sullivan's tune in Church Symns. . When the Bishops had reached their appointed places in the Sanctuary the service was begun by the Eev. E. C. Spicer. The Confession was said according to the use of Ely, and the rest of the service was taken to Tallis. The Psalms (68, 133, 134), the Magni ficat, and Nuno Dimittis were sung to plain chants ; and the anthem consisted of the soprano recitative, the duet — ' Now we are ambassa dors' — and the chorus — 'How lovely are the messengers' — from Mendelssohn's St. Paul. Special lessons had also been appointed. The first lesson was Joshua i. 1 — 10, and was read by the Bishop of Ballaarat ; the second lesson was John xxi. 15 — 23, and was read by the Bishop of Melbourne. After the Collect for the day, the following special Collects were said by the Bishop of Melbourne : — 'Almighty God, who by Thy Son Jesus Christ didst give to Thy holy apostles many excellent gifts, and didst charge them to feed Thy flock ; give grace, we beseech Thee, to all Bishops, the pastors of Thy Church, that they may diligently preach Thy Word, and duly administer the godly discipline thereof ; and grant to the people, that they may obediently follow the same ; that all may receive the crown of everlasting glory ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.' 'Almighty God, our Heavenly Father, we give Thee humble and hearty thanks for that Thou hast called Thy servant to be a Bishop in Thy Church, and hast brought him so far in safety on his journey to the place in which he is appointed to serve. Continue, 0 Lord, the care of Thy good providence toward him, and grant that he may come among the people committed to his care in the fulness of the blessing of the Gospel of Christ. Let Thy grace so work in him that he may be faithful in the possession and courageous in the adminis tration of his high office ; that he may be watchful in ruling those over whom he is placed ; earnest in correcting them, fervent in loving them, patient in bearing with them, and diligent in praying for them. Hold up his hands, we beseech Thee, by the prayers and earnest labour of his clergy and people, that he and they may build up the Church in all holy, truthful, and righteous living and labour, ? that the fathers to the children may make known Thy truth, that Thy name may be hallowed, Thy goodwill be done in the land, and the kingdom of Thy dear Son enlarged and strengthened, so that Thy people may give Thee thanks for ever, and show forth Thy praise from generation to generation ; and this we beg, for Jesus Christ's sake, to whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen' The concluding prayers were said by the Rev. J. F. Stretch. During the singing of Hymn 269 the Bishop of Newcastle proceeded to the pulpit, and preached a remarkably clear and thoughtful sermon from Eom. xii. 5, which he prefaced with a few words expressive of his high appreciation of the reception accorded him by the clergy and laity of Melbourne. We were glad to learn that his lordship is favourably impressed with the apparent energy of colonial life, and sincerely trust that he may be able to guide its forces in the direction of faithful and enduring Christian work. If one may judge from the utterances of a single sermon, we think that the Diocese of Newcastle may be congratulated on their choice of a chief pastor, who seems as manly and outspoken as he is earnest and scholarly. During the Offertory, Hymn 301 was sung by the choir with great taste arid expression ; indeed, the reverence and precision with which the whole service was rendered by both clergy and choir, cannot be spoken of too highly. We should think that all present must have been deeply thankful that a service of so devotional and elevatipg a character is possible among us. After the presentation of the alms a solemn Te D^mwas sung, the whole choir and most of the clergy facing eastward ; and then came the Bishop's Benediction. The recessional hymn was No. 274 — ' Through the night of doubt and sorrow.' It is almost needless to add that the Church was crowded. The Offertory, which exceeded £20, will be given to the diocese of Newcastle. 