LOCAN AND GENERAL Accident at the Logan Sugar Factory — A very severe accident happened on Monday afternoon at tbe Logan Sugar Factory to in engineer. J. O. Brown, It appears that the engineer was passing over the rollers-and got his leg drawn in. The foot and lower part of the leg were severely crushed. A South Sea- Islander working near had the presence of mind when he saw the accident to try to avert ' it as much as possible, and he stuck a crowbar farther on in the gearing, and thus stopped' the engine suddenly. The engineer was got out and attended as much as possible, and1 : taken straight off to the Brisbane Hospital . . that evening. ' The day after the foot was '-'? amputated, and he is doing as well as could be expeoted under the circumstances; Brown was oiling the machinery, and in the act of stepping over the mill on the feeding side,, (instead of going round), when his foot slipped. It is beleived that but for the Islander the engineer must have been killed, on the spot. EirrxEUixaawT on 8aturday kixt bt ihsj Sodthbbn Qdsbhblakd Datui-Tio Clus— We are promised a first-rate treat on'Saturday nest, at our Uttle theatre, by the above' neV Club, in the sBapeof a sparkling oomedy entitled '? £20 Reward,' to be followed by a- new local Burlesque written by Mr. P. P.' Aguew (anther of the late favorite ' ThsRocky : Creek Nngget,') entitled ' Alonso the Bravi,. : and hie fair Ilmogen«,'&o;)4c,.4a,. Ruvery amnsing, all in' rhyme, and' abounding: in eonga, chorus, marches, dunes, and' looaV hits, none ot which are' the least offensive.: There is a grand battle scene and' a real 'wire-in' with 28lb. weight olubs, to the:, ruin of Alonso'i prospects. Then there ia ey . chapel scene and grand wedding— then U» ; wedding banguet, marriage spwebes, to; lux, and old Mrs, Grizzle very mnoh affected by the separations from her child (and the gfcfc. Then the great ghost appear*- and makes' things 'awfully awful,' but the liquor is- . not spirit proof, and even ht wjnds up by ' ' declaring that 'they are all jolly- goo* fellows,' and that the turkey wing can't be licked: ? We advise aU our friends not to- ' miss this little. Burlesque;. aadV if they - ' laugh as much at the performance as they did ' ' at the 'Rocky Creek,' they will enjoy. ? themselves no doubt BsAUDESKBT Baia.'— « tacBdora Ball oaine- ' oS at Beaudeserfc on Tbtwd.itr. tiim-&ti4t;\nit ' and was a great luccesa. Ahout fifty couples' being present: Toe whole of the large room- adjoining Mr. Brayford'a etore was mad* arailable for the oocasion, and was tastefully. decorated, brilliantly lighted, and presented ?*?? , a very striking appearance. An -eioellant supper was provided, and the arrangements for refreshments daring the night were satii factorly in every respect. Dancing was kept- '. . up with) vigor antll early next morning when1 a very pleasant antfeuj.tyable gathering broke. : ToSiCOJ.— We haverecieved from Uessra.. Blackstook and Hall the publishers of the D. D. Gazette, a neat little pamphlet on the- ? ' Tobacco plant and its cultivation,' by C. Q* Corten, of the Excelsior Tobacco Works,. .Toowoomba. The pamphlet, oontaini a goo* 'deal ot information which- we have before . ? ' notrced-whenit was passing through the pngesof' the D. D. Otsette and the publication of the, ? ' whole in a neat form will we baveoo doubt confers great benefit upon intending planters.. If the information the pamphlet contains is ivantiDg ia the lent it is not in the direction. ot the writer's fault— but the printer might- ? either have osod better paper or less- ink. With our Bpeotscles of only one horiB -.power- - we are unable to cope with the difficulty. Cobe'b Extea Coaob;— As we tuggestedi when this ooaoh was started that it would bo as well lor it to run alternate daye ou tie upper and lower roads for the convenience or the Logan Village and Upper Logan people, bo alter trial o! one road it has beeu decided- to- ' alter ig, and although the alteration' ii no, what it might have been it is yet a step in the right direction. The morning ooaoh from Beenleigh goes owf returns' on Mondays by Loganholme ; on Tuesdays it goes and retvnu by, Waterford. Instead of this we would suggest that the coach services to Beenleigh' should alternate each way each day and- give both UneB a coach each way every day.- This plan would allow a Logan Village,, passenger to meet the ooaoh at Waterfordat halfpaat eighton a Toeiday morning and ntvn on the Wednesday evening.; The alteration of the time. of- departune of the afternoon's ooaoh from Brisbane from half-paet-thm to half past-four is a very bensSoial one ; and during; the Bummer months we would, snggest that . ? the coach leave Beenleigh each morning at 'six o'clock. . . . . - ? PovsESiaK Labociiees Bra,.— Our nadert wiUbave seen' from oar- last ?itsue tiTrt during the discussion on tbe.Tadfio Islands Xsbonren Bill on Wednesday sight last Mr. P. O'SnUivanmoveaaa amendment which if oarriod -will. after1iie-3UtI-ecembarr - 1883 (not 1880 as stated in ?'Hunard'), im pose a tax at JlO'per .head on all EauaW , ; imported into the oolony. We stated that ' the amendment was not put tB' theHouie, and- r..-^ we have since been informed ofthe reason.- -'. '-- It tppeaistiat an important amendment of .': '? ' this kind must, in accordance with Parlia- ' ':' mentary usage, be printed, andpbwod^n'thB^! bauds ofhon. members, and as tbU had Bol ...'-' been done in this inBnmoe ana a good deal ot v O'Sullivan, however, intend»:.*ointndn»4bsA-ji amendment again, and wnrfresB4t!)ffltiiJiM; division, when we believe thmeSiiaJol,-*git'*i ** babuit, o.-ib.^vin. *^m$M%M, Ths- JfarjloroiyV :-Ck&BFSsBBffl;& B.Or«t»n.tleHMaJyho^^T^pSap^ Pags- theiaWuB,a»lbid^ry::^pP^5f:-' TlBttBlsBureLniEt. Cisk,— The Avjtralian of 8aturday lut contains the following ? ?oology;— 'We have to express our sincere regret that a letter, signed ? A Badges puest,' was allowed to be inserted la the lut issue of this journal. Owing to important engagements, we were prevented lut week from exercising u mnoC supervision over the contents of the Auitralim as we usually do, ul when the Utter wu brought to the office we had no time to examine it carefully. It waa inserted, the efore, almost without onr knowledge. We hire since learned that it hai given veryserious offence and annoyance to Mr. Greeley Lukin, and he has sued the publisher Mr. W. E. Bermtngham, for libel, damage* being laid at £3000. Even if Mr. Lnkin had sot sued us. we should hare considered ourselves bound to make the present apology. It is a principle of onr paper not to admit offensive personalities of any kind, u may be aeen on reference to our pros pectus, and thii principle haying been deputed {ram by .the admission of the letter referred . to, we believe ourselves under a moial obli gation to apologise, and also to make fall re paration for any injury the publication of that' letter may fcare inflicted on Mr Lukin's char acter. We withdraw, therefore, every state ment suggestion, or insinuation in that letter calculated to injure that gentleman* reputation, and we declare that there are no grounds what «ror for any snob statement, suggestion, or Insinuation* Thc Chiltitui HcncRiss.— The Chiltera Hundred* is an estate of the Grown stretching down from the chain of chalk hills that passes from esst to weat through the middle of Buck inghamshire, and skirts the little country town that pres his title to the ex-Premier. The. office of steward was formeriy no sinecure. Ths range of hills was oorered with' brushwood, and about a century ago was a haunt of robbers and highwaymen. The neighbouring village of Dnrnham, Desborough, andStokec had to be protected, and sometimes Beaconsn'eld itself was threatened. To control this lawlessness to on of the duties of the steward, and the ?alary of the office was filed at 26s. The usage of making it» acceptance the means of ncating a Parliamentary seat commenced with the yew 1750. HoliowAT's OnrrasST and Prut.— Rheu- matism and rbeumatio gout are the most dreded of all diseases, because their victims know that they an safe at no season, and at xo age seoure. Holloway't Ointment, after fomentation of the painful parts, gives greater \- relief than any other application, but it most . tie deluently used to obtain this desirable re mit. It has been highly commended by rheu matio subjects of all ages and of both sexea for rendering their attacks leas frequent and rigorous ; and for repressing the sour perspir ations and soothing the nerves, ' In many cases Holloway's Ointment and Pills hare proved the greatest blessings in removingtheumatism and rheumatic gout, whioh had assailed persona previously healthy and in the prime of life. — ADVT. ... IT £1 Free Gifts !— The Proprietors of ?Wolfe's Aeohatic Bcbisdah Schnapps, to induce the detraction and proveot.the im proper me of their wrappers and labels, and thus farther protect the Publio against fraud and deception, save inclosed in the wrappers, or under the label ou the quart bottles, ainoe 1st October, 1878, and continue to enclose IN BTEKf DIY'S MAKING THROOeHOOTTBE YEAB, THBEE£1 ORDERS, whioh are drawn npon the nndersigned, and which will be cashed by them on presentation. To seoure these Gifts, the Pnblicmust be «enful and a»k for, and accept nothing bnt the Qitnmis Udolmo Wolte's Schnapps, with our came upon the top label. M. Moss ft Oo, Wynyard Lane, Sydney. 