A WALK FROM MELBOURNE TO ADELAIDE IN SEVENTEEN DA\S. BY ULYSSES. No IV. In my last chapter I recorded my arrival in Ararat at midnight. The next morning, while my man was continuing his prostration at the shrine of the drowsy god, Mr. Tewson, my obliging host, drove me round the town and showed me the sights. The appearance of the public places from the outside was elegant, though plain and substantial withal, while the insides were everything that coald be wished, and the courtesy of the various principals to whom I was introduced most gratifying. Some years ago thousands upon thousands of people flocked to Ararat, and were more or less successful in finding g 0]d. the supply did not last as long as was expected, and all the people gradually went away, bat the evidences of their stay are very apparent. For miles round the country is dotted with upheavals, of which those thrown np upon the seabeach by the little crabs would be a miniature. A marked feature in one end of the town was the Chinese camp, through which I wandered on foot, whilst my kind host waited for me at an appointed rendezvous. I had never seen a Chinese camp before, so that the sight struck me as being remarkably novel. The frail though cool and also watertight houses looked for all the werld like a series of closely connected erections like those built by a child of some elaborately architectural turn from a pack of cards. The materials about the houses, the queer nature of the goods inBidethe shops, everything, to the very cats, seemed Chinese, Here I also, saw Mongolian women and children for the first time. The ladies were some of them plamp and well-to- dolookin g, and their dress was decidedly striking, giving one the idea that they had been interrupted at! the three-quarter stage of an ordinary British damsel's toilet. The children were simply amusing little comical second editions of their parents, and their peculiarly nasal and penny trumpet voices differed only in key from that of their elders. The people about here and elsewhere along the road spoke well, on the whole, of the Chinese, and contrasted them very favourably, not with our sterling respectable skilled artisan or workman (however poor), but with the loafing and arrogant class who are to be found roaming about the country, and who are also to be seen lolling and expectorating about the corners of the principal streets in the various Australian centres. One woman reiterated what has been elsewhere said about the cheapness of the labour of these people. " For five shillings a week, a Chinaman will keep your house neat and clean; attend well to a little plot of vegetables, and mind the baby." It was{Iate in the afternoon before we wished adieu to all the (jolly people of Ararat, and struck out for Stawell, lying some twenty mileB distant, but the evening was delightful, and the moon's full lamp hung largely looming and promisingly in the eastern sky. Two or three miles oat of Ararat we met a rollicking electioneering party, returning in a trap with their " man" contesting the district with one Gaunson, who is described as the Victorian Ebenezer Ward, whatever that may go for. Gaunson I had met when I entered the hostelry at Ararat at midnight, and he was pleased to say that having met me he meant to get tight. I took his word for it, but after discussing a " nightcap," with perhaps a couple of strings, I turned in, not relishing the reflection upon my sobriety. The gentlemen in the trap who I had seen in Ararat in the morning pulled np, and alternated the praise of their candidate with the repeated and vigorous application of their elector persuader-all round. The exuberant and local enthusiasm about "our man," however, strikes a footsore stranger as being rather monotonous, and so, after undergoing a partial dislocation of the shonlder by means of. the application of some very moist palms, for several minutes, I was allowed to proceed on my way, as did the excited citizens of Ararat on theirs. We here passed through a beautiful country, good, hard, and slightly sandy roads winding through picturesque valleys clothed in large timber of various and graceful foliage. We had keen advised to visit some fine vineyards about here, near to which were some very capacious cellars, but, time being an object, we were obliged to deny ourselves the pleasure; but all along this part of the road we notieed in the eccentric bearing and frisky capers of the free and enlightened electors the effect of the stimulating progress of the rival candidates. However, s march of about nine miles brought us near to the Great Western Hotel, and at this spot a man who, walking rapidly, had entered the main road by a side one overtook us. I enquired the exact distance to the hotel— but breathing hard, as his arms went like a windmill, he stared wildly, and Baid,"Yes— Gaunson," and passed on. At last we got to the hotel, where every living thing betokened an entire state of " Gaunson" or "Wood," I think was the other gentleman's name. I had had only just time to let some of heaven's fresh and pure outside air into the foetid or electorate atmosphere of a room adjoining the bar, and hai just begun to ease my aching shoulders of my heavy kit, when in rashed the Woodites and the Gaunsonites with a confused jumble of bottles, corkscrews, lists of voters, &c.;, &e.; It took some time to explain our " unenlightened" state, when the excited crowd left us, bottles and all, evidently looking upon us as poor Andersen's " ugly ducklings," but even then, whilst enjoying our subsequent meal, an elector would rush recklessly up, and, waiving the ceremony of an introduction in the exigencies of the moment, insist upon explaining that if they had only got Scroggins to stand he wonld have split up the votes so that Wood couldn't possibly get in, and I shall not soon forget his face of disgust, when I explained that I was going on by, moonlight and couldn't stay to hear Gaunson's speech. He gave me np as a hopeless idiot after that, and wasted no more breath upon me. At the point of starting I missed my servant, and, looking about for him, found him in great tronble. Not understanding electioneering English, he had inadvertently committed himself to the impropriety of promising to vote for both parties. However, I managed to get in before the death, and just in time to save him from being torn asunder. We arrived at the populous and well-bailt town of Stawell a little before midnight, after having had a rapid tramp of about twelve or thirteen miles after leaving the Great Western. We put up in the comfortable inn of Mr. Simpson, and after a welcome bath and capital breakfast buckled to again. Stress of time unfortunately prevented me from examining the town, which evidently contains some very superior buildings. It was also a matter of regret that I was thus prevented from going down and inspecting the very deep gold mines in and about this place. The diamond drill is, much employed about here. I was shown a long piece. of a remarkably hard kind of bluestorie about as large and as long and thick as a ruler, of the same siae, and it was most cleanly cut, hardly showing a scratch on the outs ide. People swear by these machines here. From Stawell to Horsham the road, leading along the line of telegraph, runs in a long bend past the ",Deep Lead" Glenorchy, Lubeck, and Murtoa; but if the foot-traveller is adventurous enough he can save a great distance by turning out north-westwards from the Deep Lead, and cutting the wide angle by walking direct to Horsham, passing as he does so the abrupt termination of the Grampian Bange, the base of the angle so described being about forty-five miles, and the drawback being want of water, and for a considerable length a terribly bad road. However, about 12 o'clock we marched oat if t Stawell, after having filled my flask with a judicious mixture of spirits and water, and provided ourselves with a few hard biscuits, and taking the main road to the Deep Lead there left it, and maintaining my direction for Adelaide due north-westwards, tuned ont at a little store belonging to a Chinese family, and, taking the dreaded short cut, plunged into an apparently interminable and dreary bush, which was simply a howling wilderne ti gifoimany miles not a living thing was seen £ cseould a sound be heard, save at intervals the monotonous and discordant cry of some bird which I had never seen before, and which my weary and sleepy companion amusingly said seemed to ejaculate nothing but "Ballarat," "Ballarat." I had first heard, although I had not seen, the same bird in the vicinity of Ballarat, and when I thought tha it was a common thing among savage tribes to name places according to the sounds made by animals in their neighbourhood, it struck me that there was more in my servan'ts remark than he perhaps thep^bfe for. There is soraethinjt yoqr dreary, very peculiar, and perhaps weir <fly,this" walking in the blazing sun through the silent waste of an Australian bush, and yet there was something not at all unpleasant in it, especially to any one endowed with the delightful faculty of peopling the surrounding objects with the beings of fdncy. The silence, as I have said, was so unbroken and so intense, and the dreamy moontide repose so perfect, that it was not at all difficult to imagine the guarded recesses of the umbrageous old eucalypti the peaceful abodes of their attendant dryads, or oreads and all the pleasant etceteras of a playful conception. For fifteen long miles from the Deep Lead to where we supped at eve the road kept on and on along a perfect sandy level without the slightest undulation or, with the exception of a small rnt wherein was some welcome rain-water, without the slightest break. At length, as the slanting sun cast the long shadows of the gums across, our path like so many ghosts, a " change 'came o'er the spirit of my dream," and nature, as if to make up for her late uninteresting display, suddenly spread an enchanting, or at least, comparatively enchanting, scene before our eyes in the shape of A comely little cottage, with a log fence round it, squatted cosily on the lower ledge of a green and sloping hill, and overlooking qaite a broad stream of very clear water, spanned by a strong and rustic bridge, which was also not without its own peculiar charm. Seated on a rough bench in front of what now proved to be a little inn, I quaffed my pint of ale, and leave to old smokers to imagine the silent concentration of attention bestowed upon the subsequent pipe. We rested an hour or so, but before I attempt to describe the terrors of the road by night on a head I mast breathe awhile. 