, THE CROSS. ßJIBMON BT XHH REY'. CANON ETIÍD, BISHOP ;'i DÊBIONATB or LTVBÄP.QOI«. y God forbid that I should glory, eave in the cross . of btJr Bold Jösua Chriat/'^-QAli. vi. 1,4. What ä--i you think and feel about tho ot-osa pf ühristP You livo in a Chriutiftnland. You probably Mtend tbe-worflbip of a Christian ohuroh. You hu- vo berbaps b»?«m bïiptisod i» tho narnu of Christ. Yotí profess «ml 03,11 yöifrd'olf a Oúrintlan. . All this is ,%el). iyg moro fclian can bo said of millions in thu world. But all this ib no answer to wy question, T What do think and feol about tho croas of 'OhriBtP" /.' I want to toll you what tho greatost Christian that £ver livod thought of tho cross of Christ. Ho luis '^fitton down hts opinion. Ho haß ßivon h\r j nd g . inont in wards that cannot bi» mistaken. Tho niau 1 íñeap. ii tho Apo»Ha Pani, Tho plaqe.whcro you will 'find his opinion IB in tba lotter which tho Holy Ghost EDJäph'ott him to write to tho Galatians. And tho tords in whioh his judgment is sob-down aro thoa©, ... God forbid that I should glory, oar© in tho croas ét our Lord Jesus Christ»" Lot mo talk to you about this subjaob. Believe mo, it is 09a of tko deepest impp^ajioo. Thia is no Jnore question of oontrovBrsy, Thia itnot ono of those finta an wbioii man may ajroo to. differ, and fool ac «UfEaranaoe will not shut tb- m ont-of Heaven, man muKt bo right on .this BUv j .ot, cir Kb is loabfbr AVer. Beaven or hell, happinga or misery, life or Bath, bïesBibjp or our»jpP[ ia thc lust day-all binges 1 to thia question, ' ' What do you think on th» ftHRWor fböut thepbrósaof ChriabP" I. Lat-ïne show you what the apostle Paul did not | »?Jory in. II. Let mo explain to you what be did glory in. III. Let rnô show" yon why all Christiana should | thiu-fe and$)or>iithout tn« oraaa li}ce P.aul. I. What did tho apostle Paul not glory in P Thar« aro many things-that Paul might have clo tted in, if ha had thought as some do ila thia day. If 'ever tmtp waa ono on earth who had aomothrag to Roast of in himself, tba* man waa the great apostle $! the Gentiles. No rr il he did not dato to glory, who JhallP He novar gloried in hia national privileges. He 1MB a Jew by birth, and ss ho talla us himsolf-" An Bebrew of th« Hebrews." Ho might have Bald like ,ny of hi« brethren, " I have Abraham for my fore . her. I am net a dark, unonlightanod heathen, I im one of" tho favoured people of God. I havo been dmitted i»to covenant with God by oircumoisioji. I pa a far bettor man than the Ignorant Gentiles." _.nt he ne?o» said BO. He never glorified in anything Ot thia kind. Navei&rone; moment \ "He neve» gloried ia hia knowlogo. He was a man of groat gifts no^nsatbt. and after ho waa converted, . ¡fso Holy Spirit avro him greater gifts still. Ho wns jü mighty preaahgr, and a mighty speaker, and a ¡ -"-'ghty writer. ww» aa great with bia pon aa he s with hi« tonffuo. He eould rooaon equaiîy well sh Jew*and GontUflft. He tonJiiargne with isfi ila at Ooskrfäu or Pbwr&oe;ß anJ'téuaalsni, or eelf jhteoua petjprg in Galatia. Bolfrjow i»apy deep inge. He had hijen in the thïrû Heaven, asa jard unspeakable Words, Ha had received the spirit [mt prophesy* and couM foretell things yet to oomo, rTBut dfd ap irrer gHorw tn his knowledge, os if it ooaïd ijftuttfy him beforo God? Novexl never! nevor fdr moment t ! He nevor gloried in his graoos. If over there was . Ole who abounded in graces, that man waa Paul, ¡.'¡J& waa fuji of lavo. Hew tendorly »nd affbjjtiatf Ätoly he used to write I Ha could t4ol f or BOUIB Uko Smother or a nuraofeohng for hqr child. Ho was a Lçold man. H» oasodnokwuom hi¿appoaod whon truth ' iras at stoke. Ho earea mot wfrnft risfes he san when pouls wore to bo won. He- waa A Bolf-dBnying maa "1 hunger and thirst often ; in 00H and nakedness, i watohinga and fastings. Ho was a humble man. » thought ltímaelf the least of all saints, and the lief of sinnorB.'iHo waa a pray »rf ul.man. Sao how it jfemaa out at tho beginning of his Epistles. He waa If, thankful mau. His tiianksgivmga and hia prayers ¡¡Walked side by sid«. Bat he never gloried in all thia, .^hovor vahiod Tumsolf on it-never rested hia soul's &opea; on it. Oh, no I never for a moment 1 ( Oh I beware of aolf-rightoouBnesB. Open Bin kills [|ts thousands of aonä». Satf-rightoonaness kills its {«ona of thousand. Qo and Bindy humility with tho Hgjrcat apouffp of thu Gentiles. Go aud sit with Paul f.ùt tho fout of tho oroBB. Give up your seorot iinrWo. Oast away your vain ideas of your [J%wn goodnosa. Bo thankful if you nave grace, but ijaavor glory in it for a moraonb. Work for God and ["Christ with boort, and soul, and nrindand strength, i'But nover dream for a eeooad of plaóing confidence j ,|n any work of your own. ¡! ÏI. Lot mo explain, in thesooond placo, what you jl$re to undorstand by tho oroes of Christ. Tho cross is an oxprosston that is unod in moro .than one moaning in tho Bible. What did St. Paul ,¿ioan when he said, "I glory iu the croaa of Christ," Ïi the Epistle to tho Galatians. Thib ia tho point now wish to rnako ohiar. ?' Tho orosa somotimoB means that woodon croas, on griiioh tho Lord Josna was nailed and put to doath on /Mount Calvary* TÜÍB ia what St. Paul bad in his jfoind'a eye whon ho told tlie Philippians that Cliriat i.** booamo obedient unto doath, oven the doath of tho Woafl." (Phil. ii. 80 This ia not tim croaa in-willoh fit. Paul gloried. Ho would havo shcuuk with horror jarona tho idea of glorying in a mero pîeoçi of wood. ir Tho oroaB aomotitíies means tïio afllîotiona and |j?als whioh boiiovoro in Christ havo to go through if thoy follow Christ faithfully, for their religion's sato. Thia is the so nao in which our Lord uses the word when Hs says, " Ho that takoth not hi» cross and followoth after mo, cannot bo my disoiplo." (Matt, x. 33.) This also is not the sonno in which Paul uses tho word whon ho writos to tho Galatians. Ho knew that oroMi woll. Ho oarriod it pationtly. But ho ie not speaking of it hero. But tho oroso also moans in pernio plaoes tho doo trino that Christ died for sinners upon tho cross-the atonement that Ho made foi- ainnora, by Hiw Huffer ing for them on tho oroas-¡¡ho complote and perfect saórifiao for ela whioh Ho offered up when Ho getvs I His own body to ba ornoitled. lu shoit thia hue ' word, the "orena," atando for Christ ornolSod, tho only Saviour. Thia ia tho meaning in which Paul naen tho expression, when ho tells tho Corinthians, " tho proaohiiig of tho cross ia to them that parió u foolishness." (1 Cor. i. 18.) This io tho moaniup in whioh ho wrote io-tho Galatians, " God forbid that I should glWy, sayo in thc cross." lip fiimi»ly meant, I glory ia nothing bat Christ oruoifiud as tho salva tion of my soul." Joana ÜhriBt oruoiflcd wno tho joy end delight, tho oomfojft and tho peace, the hi-po rind tho ooniidehoo, tho foundation and thoreuthig-plnco. tho ark and t'iç refuge, thefcodand tho medicine of Paul'a soul. Ho did not think of what ho had dono himself, and HUÍ ?Jtfaf$ iiimsfll/. Hö (IMfnojj meditate on his own good .uÜ^AHtt hin own ri¿fcCúoufahefiw. Ho laved to think 'of-^flíSá Cimsfc had dono and Christ had suffored-of tho death of Ohriljt, tho ilihteousuetjs cf Christ, thc atonement of CJiirjBt, tho blood of Christ, tho Quishi-d Work/pf ChriBt. Ip thiB ho did glory. This WHB the .Ann o' his soul. This is tho subjoot he loved to 'preach about, Ho.-wim a man who went to pud fro on thu çarfih, prootaüüiutf to sinners that tho Son ot God hcâ ehud Bis own heart's blood to nave theil souls. He yral lt od, np anti down fc'ho world telling people iBiït JteltoC)iuafcha<| loved them, and diudfoi thexr BÍÚ3 upon mc cçofjp. iíTark how ho taja to tba Corinthians, " I dylivored unto you first of all that which I also received, how-that Christ died for our sins." (l Cor. iv, 3.) " I defcer-miiioc not to know anything aufong y;.u .ss.vo Jesus Christ and him era oifltfd." (1 Cor. ii.2.) Ho-ablaspVealing, pareooutbifl Pharisee, had beor» wtiF(\sed in Christ'* blood. lie was uoTor weury of telïirig tho story of tho cross. This is the snbjcob ho loved to dw*dJ upon whru ho wroto to Lfllievors. It ¡3 wondtjííul to c'l)r,»>nu how full hi.s epistles generally aro ot tho eu£TwrÍLi>,-£i uud death ol' Christ-how tiny run over with " thoughts t!:aL brent h o and words Di at burn" nbon<; Olrri.'it'B dying loving ced power. His iwt Brem,-, full of tho subj 'ot Ho onlKrg.(>B on il. cor^ fer.nt-'y. Ho returns to it continually. It io tho goTden thread that run« through all his doctrinal teaching and practical »>x hortii-tiouB. Ho seems to think that tho mont a> Vatiood Christian can never hear too much about the ci-OBB. _ Thia was what ho lived upon all his lifo, from the time of his conversion. Ho tells tho Galatians, " Tho life I now live in tho flesh I live hy tho faith of the Son of God, who lovvd mo, and gavo feimsolf for m-." (Qalat. ii. 20.) What made him so strong to labour P Wha-t mado him so willing to work? What mado him so unwearied in endeavour ing to savo Homo ? What mado him so porsovoring and patient? I will tell yon tho secreb ol it all. Ho was always feeding by faith on Christ's body and blood. JOSHS orncified was tho moat and drink of hi« soul. III. Lot mo show you why all Christiane ought to glory in tho cross of Christ. I feel that I must Bay something on thia point, bocauBO of tho Ignorance that prevails about, it. I ^ nape ot that roasny se» np pooubar glory and beauby in tho Bubjcob of Ohrlfct'B cross. On tho contrary, they think it painful, humbling, and dosr&ding.; They do not soo much profit in tho story of lila death and sufferings. They rathor turn from it as an ua pVuasant thing. Now I believe that snob persons are quite wrong. I cannot hold with them. I bnliovo it is an excellent thing for ns all to bo continually dwelling on tho cross of Christ. It ÍB a good thing to bo often remindod how J<>su8 was betrayed into tho hands of wiofcod mon-how thoy condomnod Him -with mot,t unjuBt judgment-how they spit on Him, soouTgud j Him, boat Him, and crownod Him with thorns-how I they lcd Him forth as a lamb to the slaughter, with out His murmuring or resisting-how they drove tho nails through Hts handstand foot, and set Him up on Calvary^ between two thieves-how thoy piercod His side with a spnar, mocked Him in His suffering, I and lot Him hang there naked and bleeding till Ho died. Of all these thbags, I say, it is good to bo reminded. It is not for nothing that tho oarociflrion ia described four times over in tho New Tosto- ment. There- aro vory few. things that aJl tho foav Wiifcor3 of the Gospel describe. GeneraKy speaking, if Matthew, Mark, and Luke, tell a thine in oar LOM'S history, John dons nob toll it. Bat there is f-ono tiing thai all the four give ns most fully, and that one thing in the story of the cross. Thin is a telling fact, and not to be overlooked. Pooplo seem to mo to forgot that all Christ's sufferings on tho oross were neoossary to salvation. Ho had to bear our svinB if ever they w-fire to be borao at all. With His stripes alene oonld we be healed. This was the ono payment of our debt that God would nooeot. T^hîs was tho great 6aorifi«o on whioh our eic-rnalufo <l<\panded. If Cluiat had not gone to tb« onoas^nd snfEttrod in onr atoad, the just far tho unjust, tfiure would not have boen a spark of hope for na. Thora would have boen a mighty gulf betweoq our selves and God, whioh no man «vor could havo paused*. Peoplo seem to me to forgot that all Christ's suf« ferings wore ondurod voluntarily, and of Hia own freo will. Ho was under no compulsion. Of Hia ow» ohoioo Ho went to fiho cross, to finish the work Ho came to do. Ho migbt easily havo enmmon<>dlegions of angola with a word, and soattwod Pilato und Herod', and all their annies, life© ohaff before Hie wind. Bat Ho waa a willing snfforer. His heort waa on tho salvation of sinnors. Ho wa« resolved to opon a fountain for all oin and uncleanness, by flhodding His own blood. Would I know tho length and breadth of God tho Father's love towards a sinful world ? Where shall I seo it mest displayed? Shall I look at His glorinup sun, shining down daily on tho unthankful and ov-HP Shall I look at sood timo and harvest, returning in rogular snoooBsiou P Oh I no ! I can find ntr«nt;er proof of lovo than anything of thia Bort. I look at the oroas of Christ. Í soe in it, not tha canso of tho Pathor's lovo, but tho effiot. Thorel «ce that Go«!so loved this wiokfid world, that Ho gave His only begot ten Son-gavo Him toonfforand dio-that whosoever bdlievoth in Him should »ot parish but have eternal lifo. I know that tho Pathflr loves n*, hvcmipo Ho did npt'withhold from no His Son, His owly So.v. Ah! I might Bometimos fauoy that God tko Pathor is too high and holy to caro for ;snoh misorablo, cor ri pt oroatnres as wo aro. But I oaunot, mmit nob, darjo n-it think it, whon Ï look at tho oross of Christ. WouKI I know how exceedingly ilninl and abominable Bin ia in tho night of Gad P Whoro shall I soo that most fully bronghtontP Itnrn to the history of tho flood, and r*>ad how sin drowned tho world P Shall I go to tho shore of tho Doad Boa, and \- -.- - ? "?»-" ^ mark what ain brought on Sodom and Gomorrah P Shall I turn to tho Wandoring Jowa, and observo how »in hua scattered thora over the face of tho earth P No I I oan find a oloaror proof still. I look at the oroaa of Christ. Thoro Ï BOO that «in ia RO black and damnable, that nothing but tho blood of Qod'e own Si»n can wash it away. Thero I soo that Bin has BO [ separated mo from my holy Maker, that all tho angola in Hcavon could novor have mado pnaoo botwoon UB. NothiKtf could reconcile un short of tho death of ! Ohr Ist. Ahl if I ltettnnetl to tlie WrHoÍtoil t'ajft of proud mon, I might uoniölfmea fwiü^ ûfh wà*S iiÇf'fc so vnry «luful. But I oaunot think little of ¡Jiu", \vlroit" T look ab tho oroBo of Otiriht. Would I flnüstronar roasoii9 foi being a holy man P Whither shall I turn for them? Símil I Huton to the ton aorumandiiit-ut'D merely P ßbaUI study the exam 1)1'ja gîvon m<> in tho Bitilü of what «raoo can do P Shall I mndittttu on tho rewards of Heaven, und tho ' punishments of hell P Ia tb o/o no fctronjior n\ptivo still P Yesl I will look at th« o%ra»ifl of Christ. Thero I soo tho lovo of Oilrtät- opnatrsiining mo 1 o live »ot un*o tnysolf, but unto Him. Ytrorö I neo I am not my own now-lam bought with a prioa. I am bound by tho most solemn obligations to glorify Jesus with body and «pirit, wiiioh aro Hia. Thoro I see that Jesus gave Himself for me, noli only to re deem mo from all iwlqalty. but also to purify mo, (ind ma'co mo ono of a yconliiir j.eoplo, zualoun of {rood worlra. Ha bore my sina in His own body on tho trc.Of that I being dead unto sin skouldlivo nni o righteousness. Ah I there in nothing so sanctifying aa a olear viow of tho cross of Christ I It crucified tho world unto us, and un unto tlxtt-world. How oa-n w*o We sin when we remember that beö.'lUHO of our sins Jeans dlodP Surely nonoought to be eo holy aa tho discrplee of a crucified Lord. Ap.dnow. will you ma- v^l that I eaidall Chrinliana ought to Griocy in tho oróse? Will you not rather wonder that any eau hear of tho oross and ro main urmovodp I declare I know of no greater proof oï a man'« dojrravity then tho fuot that thousands of BQ.-callud Christians eeo nqùriiig in tho croas. Well may our hearts bo called rtfcon-y-^w&U; in ay tho eyes of our ruiu'i iso nailed blind--w<>J) may our whole nuturo bo ou.]led diuoasoci, well may wu all bo oalloci tl >,aci, when tho croan of Clirist ia hoard of ami yot necrketcd. Surely wo may take u¡> tiio words of tho propbot »nd «y, "Hear, <> Ivitvviins, aud bo asto nivihtu, O cai th; a v/oadi>r?u3 and a horrible thing ia doro"-Chrir.fc was crucified for sinners, and yot many Chiintians livo as ii Ha was novor crucified at alli Tb o euora ia tho grand nooulleriiy of tho Christian religio«. Other religions havo laws and moral pro-¡ aop'.n-forms and oarotnnuica-rewards and punish* meiilu. But oilier roKgionu cannot toll UK of a dying S.-.vibur. They oiinuot show UH tho cross. T'HÍB is tli-i crown and glory of the Gospel. This is that spe cial comfort which belongs to Bit alon». Miacrablo indeed ia that religious teaching which calls itsolf Christian, and yot contains nobbing of tho oross. A nrtn who teaches i>i this way, might as well profess tu explain tho solar System, and yet tell hia hearers nothing about tho sun. Tho cross ia tho grand centre of union among true Christian». Onr outward difEcrftiicca ave many with out doubt. One man. is an Episcopalian, another is a Presbyterian,-ono ÍH an Independent, another a Baptist,-one is a Calvinist, another an Armluian, ono is a Lutheran, another «. Plymouth Brother, ono ia a friand to OBta-blishmciits, another a friend to tho voluntary systoyj,-ono is a friend to liturgics, another a friend to extempore prayer. But, after all, what shall wo hoar about most of these differences in Iíwaven P .Nothing. inoaU probably ; nothing at all. Coos a man really and shioei'oly glory in tho crosa of Ohrist P That is the graad quos ¿ion. If ho does, he ia rey brothor j wo aro travelling in the samo road. We are journeying towards a homo whore Christ ia all, and ovwytbin-g outward in religion will bo for gotten. But if Ho doos not glory in tho oroaa of ö&ri;ßt, I cannot fool comJtai-t about him. Union on outward pointa only ia union only for time,-Union about the oross ia anion for etocnity. JSrror on out ward"poh"UB ia ouly a h'kin-deep disenso. Error about the cress ia disease at the heart. Union about out ward pointa is a were mau-made union. Union about tho erasa of Christ can only bo produced by tho Ho3y Ghost. I know not what you think of all this. I feel aa if I had said nothing compared to what might bo said. Ifeel aa if the haa of what I doairo to tell yon about the oross wera loft untold. Bub I do hope that I havo givoniyuu something to think about. I do trust that I nave shown you that I havo reason for tho question with which I began, " What do you think and feel about tho cross of Christ?" Listen to mo now for a fow monifnt*, whilo I say something to apply tho whole subject to your conscience. Aro you living in any kind of sin ? Are you fol lowing tba ooneoo of this world, anti negleoting your soul 1 ' Hear, I beseech you, what I Bay to you thia day j "Behold tho or»aa of Christ." Seo there how ; JeBua loved youl Cora« and cry to Him with tho prayer of faith, and I know that He will listen. Come and lay bold upon the oroaa, and I kuow that Ho will not cast you out. Como and believe on Him who diedon tho eroís, and thia very day you Bb all havo eternal life. H</w will you over escapo if you nogloct so great Salvation ? Nono surely will be so deep ia kali aa thoso who dwspiso tho.orosa I Aro you a diseased believer ? la your heart piOBsed down with uioknoss, tired with disappoint monts, ovoxbardined with cares? To you alao I say thia day, " bohoid the orosa of OhxiBt." Think whose haud it ia that Ohivstena you. Think whose hand io ineaanriuß-to you thoonpof bittornesa whioh you aro now drinking. It ta tho hand of Him that wascrnoifiod. It ia tho same hand that in lovo to your seu-1 was nailed to the aconrsod troo. Surely that thought Bb»>uld oomfort and hearten you. Surely you Bhould Bay to yourself, " A oruoified Saviour will novor lay upon mo anything that is not good for mo. Thccro isa nookia b3. It must bo well." Aro you a believer that longs to be more holy? Ave you ono that finds MB heart too ready to love earthly fchiugs? To you also I say, "Behold thea oross of Christ." Leek at the oroBS. Think of tht oroBH. Modi!,a£a ow tho arcas, trod then go and se your afi-'eotkina on th& wosldjf you can. I boliovo that htJinodB is nowhsro learned BO WBII aa on Calvary. I believo y«u cannot look much at the crosa without feeling your will sanctified, and your tastes modo moro spiritual. As the Bun gazed upon makes ovorthiug olao Icofc dark and dira, so d.)'*^ the oross darkon tho falso i-tpkudour of thia world. As honey tasted makoa all other things seam to havo no tasto at all, BO dooa tho cross suon by faith lako all tho aweotnoao out of thu ploasuros of tho world. Hay tViv-so thought* before your mind. What yon think now abaut the cro&a; ot Christ I oannoB toll ; hut I can wluh you nothing bettor than this, that you may bo a'do to say with th«npostlo Paul, before you die or moot th" Lord. " God forbid that I Bhould glory BOV<* in tho orons of our Lord Jesus Christ:" 