AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday night Mr. Creswick closed his third aud last season "in Sydney by playing " Hamlet " at the Theatre Royal. This was one of the parts that he appeared in in Melbourne, aud made the colonies aware that there had couic amongst them an actor of an old and now nearly extinct school, but none the less an actor grand in his conception of his characters in high class drama, conscien tious in interpreting them, aud accurate and careful in word, gesture and expression. Everyone knows of the instant and firm hold which Mr. Ores- wick took upon the tastes of Melbourne— a hold that was as earnest in New South "Wales and New Zealand. His performance of the different parts in the English classical drama have, as a result, been written about over aud over again ; and his Hamlet has been especially dwelt upon in styles which varied from the critical and appreciative to the bombastic and over- flattering. In noticing his Hamlet of Saturday night, therefore, it is not necessary to follow either in the track of the ingenious gentleman who gave the pub lic the plot of the play ; nor to attempt a lengthy description of his rendering of the principal cha racter. To do the first would be to insult the knowledge of readers, to do the second would be to give them criticism ad nauseam. But as it is possible that even out of the greatest quantity of chaff a few grains of wheat may be extracted, so it is possible that out of some general remarks which may. be made, some information may be obtained. In tho first place, then, Mr. Cres- wick'a Hamlet is not the Hamlet of what is known as t he old school, though he himsclli now perhaps the solo aud is certainly the honoured survivor of that school. His Virginius belongs to it, and to see him in this part is to have F.een the equal of Maeroadv. But in ilia Hamlet, it is evident that, whilst rivalling his predecessors and contemporaries, and of whom he became the equal, with a great deal of scholarly and intelligent interpretation of his own, lie has riot hesitated to admit the correctness of a more purely natural rendition of the part, "Whilst in his careful clocutiuu he preserves the characteristics of the old and stately tragedians, the merely colloquial utterances of the parts are given as in the manner and accompanied by the " business " proper for colloquial utterances. Aud here it may be permissible to remark that of all Shakspere's plays "Hamlet" contains more than auy other the turged swelling bombast, which Greene, in the epistle prefixed to . his Arcadia, so unmerci fully lashed, and, real crisp English, conveying to the reader or hearer exquisite wit and natural and most touching pathos. As instances, take the speeches of the Ghost, full of wretched Latinity as they are, and contrast tlieiu with tlie wild, passionate utterances of Hamlet when he believes that Ophelia is cognisant of her father being asp' upon him, and, tortured as lie is with his own secret, alternately says tlie cruellest and yet the tendcrest tilings. Slmkspere himself has made this contrast serve a good purpose in the first act. It may be noted that Claudius, in some thirty lines of sounding but unfeeling words, asks Hamlet not to return to his University. On these follow at once the womanly, motherly appeal of the Queen Let not thy mother lose her prayers, Hamlet ; I pray thee, stay with ns, go not to Wittuibcrg. Perhaps the chief charm of Mr. Creswick's JIainlet arises from the fact that his earlier aud accurate elo cutionary training enables him to lend dignity, power, and sweetness to the delivery of even a stilted line, whilst the readiness with which he recognises the fact that Shnkspure docs not always require a grandiose mode of delivery renders him most effective in the more natural passages. There was a world of wild melancholy in his delivery of the lines O God 5 O God! How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable Seem to me all the uses of this world. Touching the subject of new readings it is impos sible not to come to the conclusion (if oue knows of what an intelligent compositor is capable) that for many of the curious words which puzzle Shakspcrian commentators, the early compositors arc responsible. And if the compositor be responsible for these, the actor of old is quite as responsible for many accepted and incorrect readings. Why for, instance, should the Ghost made a long pause after saying, "Oh, Hamlet, what a falling off was there." The whole sentence, of which these words but form a part, would if ill prose, and not blank verse, run, "Oh Hamlet, what a falling off there was from 100/' An excellent Shakspcrian. scholar and admirable actor, Mr. Uos- kius, is quite of this opinion in this matter. "When next Mr. Vincent plays the Ghost, which he did 011 Saturday night with sufficient dignity and sonorous utterance, he might try a reading other than lie then adopted in the case under notice, and he would find his words lose none of their force or meaning. Of the characters in " Hamlet" other thau that of llamlct, and of their representatives, much need not be said. Mr. Jones was a very proper Polonius, not permitting the part to degenerate into mere clowning, but showing the worldly-wise old courtier as he was. Why, however, in conveying the well- known advice to Laertes, did Mr. Jones omit the words, "For tlie apparel oft proclaims the man"? The Laertes of Mr. Douglas was a good one. Were not Mr. Douglas capable of playing Laertes as it should be played he would not occupy the positiou lie docs. Mr. O. Brown's Horatio was a well-intentioned, and therefore successful effort to present to us the Horatio intended by Shakspere. Mr. Scagrarc'a Xing may have been as excellent in intention but did not go beyond that. Indeed there were times when one repented that the poetic justice which is meted out to Claudius in the last act did not present itself much sooner. As to the Gravcdigger, Mr. South gave point to tho wit of his part, and care fully eschewed buffoonery. Miss Myra Kemble has every natural requisite for playing Ophelia much more than well. To a sweetly sympathetic voice .she adds no ordinary charm of person and a rare intelli gence, but she will not play Ophelia even well until to her natural attributes she has added a close study of the aiiLhor and competent teaching from soui'e older and more experienced head than her own. Miss Melville did her best with the Queen, and is not to be blamed if the exigencies of the theatre forced her into a part above her calibre. Mr. Creawick was called before the curtain at the end of each act, and on one of those occasions thanked the audience for their numerical appreciation of him, and intimated that he would take a benefit in the theatre on Saturday night next. An advertisement in reference to the benefit appears in another column, as also an address from Mr. G. R. Dibbs, calling upon all who desire to co-operate to come forward. Mr. B. N. Jones, the popular stage manager of the Royal, takes a benefit on Thursday evening next, when he should have a crowded house. 