WELSH FOLK-LOBE. Collecting} folk-lore is a delicate task. Most people are shy of talking about what they are a little ashamed of believing. Emile Souvestre in his delightful broks about Brittany, and the Marquis of "Ville marque, indefatigable collector of Breton ballads, both testifiy to the difficulty of getting at the old tales. You are almost Bure to freeze people into silence if they think you come as a collector and mean printing. To set their tongues going you must be really sympathetic, and they must feel that you are. This if needful even in Ireland, where a more mixed race, oftener brought in contact with stranger^ is readier at talking. In Irel&ndit; is about religions legends tbat people are most reti cent, till tbey know you, aiid feel they" can trust you. _ Go to Lough Derg, the gloomy little lakein an unutte>ably dreary Bwamp in Donegal, where is St. Patrick's purga tory, so famous in the middle age-, and, unless you bring credentials of some kind, you will leam on the spot less than you can read in a guide-book. But the shyer "Welshman will, ten to one, decline to talk about legends of any kind until you have found some way of opening his heart. This was also Mr. P. Campbell's experi ence in the West Highlands and islands, where he collected those tales that every folk-lore student ought to read. He found the lan^nage a wonderful help. The mm who would be short and gruff with a Southron will change. a3 if by magic, his whole face and manner when his greeting, "It's a fine day," is met with, "l'ha n' latha briayh" (the diy is fine). "You have Gaelic?" he exclaims. "You will take my excuse by your leave, but what part of the Gaeldom are you from ?" And then follows a pleasant talk, and any story that the man has is readily told. But sometimes Mr. Campbell found even his Gaelic insufficient. One old dame of over seventy, known to be sole possessor of several stories', when he used to try to-brine the conversation round that way, woul° turn him aside with : " Hush, my dear, the urs^eal (tale) is all non?ense. God bless you! I knew your grandmother j and her cousin used to look just as you do now;" and so it took a week's coaxing to get all her ursgeal out of the old woman. AH honour, then, to Mr. Wirt Sykes, United States Consul-for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact as we suppose the Ameri cans to be) felt 'sympathy, and convinced others that he felt it. He had a grand field in Wales. Among such romantic scenery old-world beliefs are sure to linger longest, but, as he says, you might Jive for yeara in Wules, and yet never learn any thing about the folk-lord unless you go amongst the people, as he tok care to do. and show them that you really think and feel with them, instead of letting them fancy you come as a collector. Air. Sikes has thoroughly worked South Wales, and Monmouthshire which is more Welsh than Wales i self; and- he has worked, so to ppoak, sympathetically, for in many of the Welsh beliefs he finds a curious parallel to the spiritualism which is so rampant in his American home. One is startled to find that among the mat'er of-facfc Yankees, "in Cambridge, under the classio shadow of Harvard College," is a house so badly haunted that a tenant who ventured to take it in 1877 was actually worried out of Itr. - But of ghost-stories there ia less need to apeak, as they are the common property of the human race. There is nothing dis tinctly Welsh in a grand lady in high-beeled shoes with a long train of the finest Bilk stalking through the house, and setting all the dogs barking, as Lady Strndling is said to do at St. Donat'a C*8tle, by the Nash Point, whenever any misohief ia about to befall the family. Nor is the following well-anthertioated tale abeut a scion of a noble home pccaliar to the principality "Thomas Cidogan had Inrge estates, bat he was not satisfied, and was onoe tempted to shift his neighbour's land-mark, the neigh bour being a poor widow who owned a small freehold. SJ after his death Cedocsn had to walk this earth, till at last he made bold to confront a woman, who happened, very late one evening, to be crossing a stile on a very lonely path. She, forgetting for the moment both her grammar and the faot that Cadogau was dead, oried: 'Mr. Cadogan, what does yon here this time o' night ?' «I was obiiged to come,' meekly replied the ghost; and then he inetrnoted her to tell so-and-so to put back the stones in order that he might have rest." There is an ethical and utilitarian tone about this whioh is sadly wanting in the fol lowing legend of the River Rheidol, near that well-known tourist's haunt, Machynlleth. Gitrin and David Gwyn were just married (1705), and lived in a shepherd's hut, of which many can still point out the rnins. One day, coming back from market with a party of neighbours, she parted from them about iwo miles from home and v?as never seen again. A fearful storm came on, and a sorap of her red cloak being found on the edge of a quaking bog, It was believed she h*d tombled in and been swallowed np. H^r husband went mad, the cottage fell to ruin, and to this day " White Caiii of the Grove Cwm " iB dreaded as a malignant spirit who pashfiB people into the river or inveigles them into bottomless morasses. Here we bave a survival of the feeling whioh makea the Santal, in India, offer a parting meal to the dead, accompanying it with the words : " Now go away; don't come near us any more. We've been very good to yon: now stay away." Neither are the sfcorieB about spectral animals distinctly Welsh, though they are extremely numerous amongst onr Cambrian fellow subjects. The dog-man's friend so invaluable to the shepherd, is naturally credited with a life beyond.the grave. " It is hard to look into that dog's eyes," said a Welshman to Mr. Sikes, " and believe that he has not a bit of a soul to be saved." The ghostly dog, however, is usually the reverse of benofiooat. One of the most persistent of Welsh legends is that of *' the Dog of Darkness," with bis huge fiery eves, which is told in the Mdbiuogion in almost the very . words in which " Mr. David ; Brewster, of Pembrokeshire, a religious man, and free from fear and superstition," described what " befel him on Coet Moor as he was pissmg the huge upright stones called ' the Devil's Nags.' He was seized and thrown over a hedge. But bein®, as we said, «far from superstition,' he went pexfc day, taking with him a strong fight ing rrastiff. When he came by 'the Devil's Nags/ he saw a dog more terrible than tongue can tell. In vain he set his dog at it; the huge beast crouched frightened at bis master's feet. Even then brave David was not dismayed, but took up a stone to fling at the uncanny creature; but suddenly a circle of fire, lighting up the gloom, showed the white snip down the dog's nose, and his grinning teeth and white tail, all which eignB marked him out as one of ? the dona of hell' (Cwn Annwn)." " The wild huntsman as a pereona»e,' t Mr. Sikes tells us, '? has quite dropped°out of modern belief in Wales;" which is strange, because besides haunting Windsor Forest he is well known in Cornwall, some times (as near Bodmin) mixed up with the Arthur legends and the tales about the evil spirit Tregeagle, sometimes, aa near the Lizard, identified with an oppressive steward of the Robarteses. Henderson, in his "Folklore of the Northern Border," suggests that this myth of the "grand venear' may have come from the strange criea, not unlike the yelping of a pack of hounds, uttered by wildfowl on their pas sage northward. But though the demon-' hunt ia wanting, the headless horse aa a death-omen (sometimes drawing a hearae or a coach) is fouud in Wales, ft" it Mia Devons5 ire' and in Hurs* Wood, near l-nn bridge We'ls. S r- e ., moreover, are held to be epeci t sly giHed with the power of dis cerning "spirits, a be ief which you may think due to their habit of ahying m the dark at anything white, or (if yoa are tranecendentally- - philosophical) . to " the horse's- eye being able to receive an image .which, the humaoA retina fails, to accept." In Wales phantom horsemen have better work to do than to hunt all night with a pack of demon hounds. Here is an instance recorded by the Rev. John Jones, of Holywell, in Flint, a preacher of extra ordinary power, renowned and re-'pscted throughout Wales We may mention that Welsh apparitions are usual'y vouched for by pious men. Thus tbe great authority for Monmou'h is Edmund Jouea, also a fwnO'iB preacher, called 'he Prophet, who in 1813 published a book on the subject, denouncing all sceptics as Sadduceea and infidels. Ia the West Highlands, on the contraty, the kirk, though powerless a?amst whisky drinking, has, Mr. Campbell saya, sadly des'royed people's interest in the old legends. Edmund Jones even found authOiity from the twelfth chapter of Sr. Matthew, forty-third verse, for fairies. *' T^e fairy rings are in dry places, and the Scripture saith that the walk of evilepirits is in dry places." But to return to John Jones, of Holywell. As this pious man, after preaching at Bala, was liding to Machynlleth, he was aware that he was being dogged by a morderous-looking man carrying a sickle. He remembered to have noticed this man at an inn where he bad pulled out his watch and shown his purse. "The man means to rob, perhaps murder me," thought he. as he marked him skulking under the hedge. He could not take across country, for the road was sunk behind high banks. Should he turn b*ck ? " In despair, rather tban in a spirit of humble trust and confidence," he says, " I bowed my head, and was silently praying, when my bors1, growing impatient, started off. I clutched at the reins, "but instantly let them fall upon bi3 neck; for, lo! at my side I beheld a dark- clad horseman on a white ete^d. I at once spoke to him, but he made no answer, gazing intently at a gate some distance ahead. I looked and aaw the reaper dart out fron bis hiding place, sheath* his sickle, and hurry away over a field. I again acc^dted my com panion both ia Welsh, and English, but he was speeches, save that I thought he said' A.tnen'to a piou* remark. Sad ienly he was gone, but whither P for he could not have leapt the banks, and I am eure he did not pas* through the gate.' Clearly the mysterious horseman was sent by Providence to save . the preacher from danger. , , As in Chinese Folk-lore, a whole set of ghost stories turns on the restitution of ill gotten goolti. Buried hoards, too, hinder the peace of those who made them. The Ogmore, in Glamorgan, is a favourite r**®r for hoarded money to bo thrown into. The ghost haunts someone till he or she is persuaded to search for the hoard, and then fling it honestly into the stream. A miser s housekeeper in S;. Donats-cwm wus so worried by her master's ghost, that, to g®* rid of him, the Methodists resolved to hold a prayer-meeting in the house, While they were in the thick of it, she suddenly sprang, up crying: "There he is, there he is. After a. dead silence some bold person ventured to say : " Ask it what it wants ? She did ao ; and. tlian£h_no-onft h«W th«. reply, the woman, instructed by the ghost, rushed to the chimney, thnnt ap her arm, and drew down a bag of money. " Let me go, let me go!" she soren>med; atjd, starting out a*; the door, was Seen to skip, without touching it, over a stile and away to the Ogmore. After an hour Bhe came back, bedraggled with wet and bespattered with mud. " I've been down to the river," aai'l she, " and have thrown the money in," and the ghost to ~>k his hat offt and made a low bow, and -vanished. ^ Methodism, however, is not the most powerful eiorciaar. The churoh clergy, though their other ministrations may .be little valued, are still held to be the best at ridding a place ot ghosts, and the exorcism is donbted in efficacy if it be pronounced in Latin. No Welsh ghost is recorded to have turned the tables on the exorciser, after the fashion of that Chinese ghost who drove out the Taomist priest, incense-pots, JOES-Stickp, and alt; but sometimes a stub born ghost will not obey the behest of a single clergyman A triple-parson power, however, will master any spirit that ever walked. . As in West Connaught, the- hare m several par's of Wales is either sacred or uncanny. When there is a witch in the neighbourhood she is Bure to go about in the form of a hare. At Llangynog, in Montsromery, the superstition takes a singularly beautiful form. Here' hares are called St. Melangell'a lambs, the Btory being that Melangell(Monacella), daughter of an Irish king, took a vow of celibacy and fled from her father's court to the wilds of Montgomery to avoid marriage. Here the Prince of Powys, hare-hunting one day, was astonished to see the game run under the robe of a beautiful virgin who was kneeling in prayer. The 'dogs stood howling at a distance, the hunts mauls horn stuck to his lip3. The prince gave her & parcel of liind to be a sanctuary for all comers. There you can see her bed in the cleft of a rock, and in the church is a rude wooden carving representing many hares scuttling to her for protection. Till lately no one in that parish would kill a hare; and all believed that if, meeting a hare hunted by doss, you cried, " God and St. Melangell be with you," it was Bure to escape. It is interesting to remember that Co3ar bays the old Britons thought it an unholy thing to eat the hare; but then they also abstained from the goose, about eating which none of their modern de scendants have any scruples. More distinctively Welsh are the stories about the Tylwyth Teg-i.e., "fair folk," as Irish fairies are always dubbed " good people," as the Greeks called the fairies "the gracious ones'' (Eamenides), as Sir W. Scott tells us the Highlanders took off their hata to the gibbet, and called it " the kind gallows," and as Laplanders speak of the bear as " the old gentleman in the fur coat." Some, instead of seeing in " fair" a deprecatory or euphemistic epithet, take it literally, and connect the fairies with in vaders from Ireland, " Picts and Scots," small parties of whom were left when the rest were driven out. These, living in fear of their lives, used to send out their children at night, fantastically dressed, for food and exercise. This theory is seriously put forth by Eev. Peter Eoberts, author of Collectanea Oambrica; his alternative theory being that the fairies were those who str.l adhered to the Druidic faith, and therefore had to keep in hiding from their Christian persecutors. No doubt outlaws sometimes tried to invest themselves with supernatural attributes; thus the Pwca (Puck) at the farm of Trwyn, in the strangely-named Parish of Mynyddyslwyn, was f'yr Arglwydd Hywel"-i.e., Lord Howel, proscribed, by the English, and concealed by his tenantry. He hid during the day in a room contrived between two floors, like those in which Eoman priests were concealed in Elizabeth's time. Some times he used to join in the talk that went on in the living-room below. For in stance, when the servants were comparing hands, as to whiteness and 6ize, a gentle voi-e said: "the Pwca's hand is the fairest and smallest." Tbey bravely wised it to show its hand, and through a ohink in the oeiling a band was thrust down, small, fair, and delicately formed, with a laVge gold ring on tbe little fioger. So, again, & set of marauders 'who, i& tho sixteenth century. were Hie terror ot Merioneth, gave ont that they were fairieB. They lived in dais in the ground, had fiery red hair, and fed on stolen ehe*p. At last Lord 0»engather6d a troup, and soon proved that the red fairies wire flesh and blood by defeating them, and hang ing a haodr6d of his prisoners. He spared the women, one of whom begged hard for her son's lif?. Owsn spurnad her^ away whereupon ,1iq oponei her broast' ind shrieked: "This breast ha? nursed other Bona who wiil yet wash their hands in thy blood." N <t long after, the fairy woman's remaining sons waylaid Lord Owen at a oertain jta:e, called to this day Llidirt. y Barwn (Baron's gate), in Cemmaes parish, slew him, and washed their hands in his blood. Prophet Jones's theory ia this : " The fairies are the soals of heathens and others who lived without haviDg heard the means -of grace, and who, therefore, do not deserve eo severe a punishment as bad ObrietianB." " The reason why they are so numerous and active in Walea ia that, in the eighth and nin*h oentaries, the Welsh lost the light of trae Ohristiauity and received Popery instead. Thin enabled the fairies to be bolder and more intrusive; and then, in Henry th« Fourth's time, the hard laws whioh hindered the Welsh from eduoatiog their children, brought a total daTkueEs on them, and so left them helpless against suoh beiogs. These laws were jnaoted after Owen Glen jfiwyr had failed, foolishly thinking his nation could shake off the Saxon yoke before it had repented of itB Bins." To be concluded in our next. 