; ' TPUBUSHEITDAlEr)'****-*' j FBBIO:.J!i00r ; MONDAr.J.AN-p^ffi^fM. ' J.ici^s^ciCpuiw-Ayorga.^iJadw^lt'SS* S'Am ITaumann, carrier*,- applied to- day for the renewal Of their.:! teBpectiveticonieii jihich wa» grAn'tedl^- ,.!m«li-'i-i..-i'(i „'? luiir-A trutc, Messrs. R. i&odsaU;, :B..(i' WJooSwani;,) \V. Hi Groom, and C. H.»Hartmanh, 3,f&tf--; John Humbel was to- day coriyictod M .'IjSrV ceucy, and sentenced. to six months' imprison.., aiont, with hard labor,' in Too.woomha Goal; Ikirh Famine Rbhef Fitnd. — The hon. t- treasurers of *he Irish Famine Relief Com- _^. inittce seut i2000 by telegram on Sntardav to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, as Queens land's second remittance to the relief fund. It will be seen from 'S telegram we publish in another column that the distress in Ire Ifiml is increasing aud further aid is urgontiy needed. A Wjuimsg to HoasEHOLDURS.— A man » named John Humbel, during 'church hours yesterday, entered the house of Mrs. Green, -: Toowoomba, ami todk a sinall sum of money and valuables which he obtained sifter him-',' ranging the house. He was observed leaving the premises wheu the cry of 'Stop, thief' was raised and an exciting chase, joined in by bid men and miilcue young men and children' ensued.' The cttlpKt ;was run to earth on the Paddinfiton Estate,,. ,and this morning was sentenced to sis months' . imprisonment with hard labor in Toowpomla. , - gaol. ?:??:; '' ; ...:. TllYNNE's DRAMATIC ..PoMPAN'lV-^Jhis., ?') talented company repeated their performance iu the School of -Arts on Saturday, evening ' - last before a rather thin audioubo. ' Though' ' the programme of the evening was nearly '' idohtieal with that of Friday uight there-was .: a marked improvement in J-.ho acting. Tho only novelties of the evening wui-a the stib; stitution of the song 'Austral','' by Mr. Stuart Bolton, for that of ' England,' which was well rendered, and a very clever tour de force by the same gentleman with a chair, by which the strength of his teeth was proved to stand on equal terms with that of his lungs. Again Mr Mostyn Hagan took pos- session of his audience by his masterly ren- dering of Irish song and dance. The per- formance terminated with the 'Harvest Storm. ' Foot K.ice. — The match bet ween D. Beh and A. Cameron for 150 yards and £0 a-side, , cainu off this morning at au early hour on the Anbigny cricket grouud, Rassell-strect, before a large concourse of spectators. Ow ing to the eagerness of the competitors, Mr. II. Campbell, who officiated as starter, had! some difficulty iu getting them away on. equal terms, which, however, was at length effected, and for about seventy yards they rau shoulder to shoulder. At tho end 6E that distance, Bell managed to gain about » . stride on his antagonist, and maintained bha- ? advantage to the end of the race, notwith standing the moat strcuuous endeavors of his rival. The closeness of the contest made it very interesting to the onlookers, since thfc : slightest obstacle or impediment might have turned the scales of victory on either side, , The pace was hot fast, but nevertheless, we -' are informed,' has : caused a considerable' ' intevchauge of money among our sporting; .- friends. .;?.-.. ..,-.' . ,r, ' Gkamuar School Scholarships. — We learn from to-day's Courier tint at the recent examination for Grammar School scholarships arailablofor pupils of State Fchools, thera were uinety-six boy aud tweutylive girl can - didates. Theexauiinali'iu was conducted'by the Department of Public Instruction, anil ' twenty-four boys and eight girls have passed. ' ' The only Toon-ooiiibt competitor who lias ??-. passed is Ulnrli's A P. M'Groarty of the Toowoomba Soiith Schnol. William George _« Conley of Warwick W^st School also passed. '* These are the only successful candidates from. the Darling Downs district. FitoevECTs ok thb Melboi'uxb Exhibi tiok.—TIio following appears in the 'Zig Za,g' papers in (he Sydney Echo of the 7th instant : — ' A few remm- ks by the Anglo Australian in tho European Hail do not for ?hadow a very brilliant future for tho Mel hrmnie Exhibition. The manufneturers of Great Britain, wrote he, ' could hardly be .in duced to exhibit at. Philadelphia, and that for the very reason whioh may induce them ' to decline to send to Victoria.' They, -wahfc;: ' j somethiug like reciprocal alvantages^ aicf ',',.., when they find that British ooloniea legislate' against British interests they are natnratly'^^ ? wroth.' It was rather Amus'inij dbrin^'the^''1 last week Parliament was' sittih^'to' hear ' protectionist orators.. waxing. elyqutuit about the folly of British'freetraders iu remodelh'ng the fiscal policy of the coantry, .withputin suring reciprocal advantages from foreign countries. And yot these very protectionists Mould like to securo every advantage they c;ui from the JMtish councxiuu, aud also levy hostilis dutius 01 British manufactures 1 These are their notions of reciprocity. Bri tish manufacturers will say that they are greater fools than the Americans. Through out tho grjit country /orniing ths .lluitedf 4 States there is not free trade between one proX viuue and the other. In the British Empire there is free trado bitweeu the mother country »ud tho oolouies.' Valdable Discovsnv for tuk Hair. - If your liair iu turjiing grey or white, or fall ing olf, use 'The Mexican Hair llenewer,' for it will positively restore in ertrg case Grey, or White Jtair lo its original cuJur, without leaving the disagreeable smell nf moat ' Re storers.' H lualiua tuohair.plurniingly be&HH;' ' tiful, as.vvellaspriiiiioiiiia^be.gruivthKjflhe.., hair on bald spota, ' where the (j.an.ls are 110 1 Sebayed. . ABk your cheuiiat/ for ,.'.'THft TA Mexican Hair ' Ussbwbu,' 'uriipuecL %v I Henry C. Gallup, 4U3 OxfuiJ JSLreufc.-Lbii, don, and sold by CUcmisU uuil' PtiFunier-2' ' wywhere A to 0d per Mt!*i-r-f\\*C^ -^^u Stbauno V Church. -To say thnt .1 ma: Tras 'mean onongii to rob n elmrdi,' was iv my. young days regarded a- n'ooafc tlie lowesl depth of degradation to which sin ordiunrj Bcounrircl could descend. Tt was considered then, Among my friends iuiK nrainaiutanceS; that a man who would rob a church ?would rot have hnsi Sated about stealing the shoe strings of the host man who has . ever appeared on thitt earth, and would have had no oomritinctinn in surreptitiously taking AWay the eye-teeth of a Wind organ grinder, if 'they wore iriyway loose. Hut times have changed sinco tlien. An ol.l aud -respected friend in the sooth, away towards the New Smith 'Wales border, writes to toll me of some religious person? who first stole a parson and then stole the church in which be preached —and it is strongly snspooted that they re tohi'Oodtritinics -for the 'totfocojs wMch has crowned their efforts. Thjsis rattier ?ijiltry — Sow't 'yon 'think! ji', seems 'from my friend's account that somewhere down Jjogan way.ij .vary f good man who was iiot named jlnatliav Jiemj? « 'Werieysn local preacher anft inspired by n ghost— Holy or unholy (I do not' wish ti speak or write irreverently) \- gave # .piece of his land to the Wesieyans forthem to. build a church thereupon. This man received much honour and glory for Ihb zeal in the 'cause' aud subscriptions were sonii collected, sufficient to build a church on ?- *lie site. The church was built, and the circumstance was reported to tho Wesleyan k -ifereiice in Sydney the following year — and the donor was held up as an example for all good Wesieyans. But cither by accident or design the land on which the church was built was not properly conveyed to the trustees — and this is just where the trouble conies in. This Wealeyan local preacher got the idea that he was not duly appreciated as a preachnr by the followers of John and Charles Wesley — and, listoniug to the voice of the charmer, he went over to tho Congreg.i tionalists. They 'ordained' him last year in Brisbane, aud after what was considered a decent interval he was packed off to the Logan 'mission.' The result may ho very well gnesBcd at without a detailed description. That parson is now a Congregationalism aud the church he gave to the Wesieyans is a Congregationalist church— aud a majority of the people who used to attend it are in a state of painful doubt as to whether they ought to stick to the Wesleyans or go over with the parson and church to the Congregationalists. Robberies of this kind make things awkward. A ' Bohemian, ' in the Week Gold on the Hkrbbrt.— It has been known for some time (says the Arnvinc Mail) that auriferous country exists on the Herbert, away on our Western boundary. A gentle man who has just come from that neighbor hood reports the existence of many reefs of a promising appearance. He had with him a nice sample of gold from Will's Creek, one of the tributaries of the Herbert. Owing to its remoteness the field, however good it tniy prove to bo — and it may turn out a duffer after all— c*n only be developed slowly. The new is not sufficient to warrunt a rush, and if it were there is no possibility of getting ?supplies on the ground until after the close of the wet season. Foxes ik Victoria. — An interesting cap ture was made iu Geelong on Monday (says the Times) which may open people's eyes to the danger their poultry roosts are in. When Mr. W. Collins went on to the premises of the Union Woollen Hills, be found Ms dog barking somewhat vociferously, and, think ing there was a rabbit about the bushes, he ?went over, and to his surprise a fox darted past him, dragging a trap in which he was caught by one of his feet. Keynard was speedily canjht, encumbered as he was by kis painf n! ' ' grappling iron. ' Famixe in Silisia — The terrible famine which is now causing such widespread misery in Upper Silesia has necessitated an appeal to the German colonists of Victoria, and other sympathisers, who are invited to subscribe funds for the alleviation of the disti ess which prevails. Subscription* may be seat to the Imperial GeFinan consulate, or to other ad dresses which appear in oar advertising columns.— Argw. Highway Robbery. — It has been reported to the police that a highway robbery under arms wns committed on the 11th inst. at Carapnoee, seven miles from St. Arnaud. The informant states that be was riding ou horseback cm the main road towards St. ' Arnaud, when two men came out of the bush and stuck him up. One of them presented a revolver at his head, and told him to dismount -«nd linnd over his purse, which contained trt'o £1 notes. The other man stood by with a revolver in his hand. One of the men fired a sliot two minutes after the complainant left. The offenders are supposed to have gone in the direction of Stuart Mill. — Argus. AnpuoiioN of a Whits Girl by a Maoui. — A. curious case of abduction of a European girl by.a Maori is reported from Olive. The girl is the daughter of a German named Theaksfcon, and is 1 1 yeara of age. She states that at about 8 p. m. on New Year's eve she went down the Pakowhai-road in com pany with another little girl, and as she was returning home she was met by a Maori, who took her under bis arm and carried her to a whare, where he fastened her in, but did not in any way assault her. She remained their all night. Between 4 and 6 o'clock iu the morn ing she took a knife which she saw iu the whare, and outting the rope which fastened the ?door, .she, got away and returned home. The ?girl's father having made complaint about the matter at the police station, Constable Motley proceeded on New years Day to the Maori pah at Eohupatiki. accompanied by tho girl, but she was unable to say which was the whare she had been kopt in. There were only three Maoris in the pah at the time, the rest being in Napier. She did not recognise any one of the three as the one who had carried her away. Constable Motley con sidered the fright the girl had received pre vented her identifying the nhare, but he bo lieved her statement to be true, and that he would be enable to discQVer the Maori. The matter is being inquired into. The Soothing Syrups, and well-known car -minatives, bo freely civbb to infcmte to alle viate their pains end induce sleep, are known to incorporate narcotics, that are more or less dangerous. Nurses and even parents are too prone to resort to these agencies, and the remit is that children addicted to their quiet ing nBes'«ldom enjoy health and natural : slenp and rest. Diminutive doses of Unowno Wolfe's Schiedam AROMATioSouNAPPd will -allay *H disturbing symptoms, and tone the *yitem to »oormil conditwa— Advi;, 1 N \tivk Akfaihs is New ZE.u,A:;n ? With 1 roBpect to native affairs, matters .ire not in ; a quite satisfactory position. Rewi has gone back to the interior, and has apparently ceased all attempts to make any arrangement between the Government and the Kingites ; while Tawhiao, the Maori King, remains in Bulky seclusion. AVithin the last few weeks, confident statements have been made that the Government intend to take possession of the Waimato PIa;ns, on the west coast of the North Island, to complete the survey, and to put settlers on the land. It will be remem bered that this laud was confiscated 15 years ago, that nothing was done till lait summer when the surveyors were turned off by natives acting under the orders of To Whiti. The Government have acted as if they in tended to do something of the kind. . They havc-continned to augment tlieforoe of armed constabulary in the district,' till now it amounts to upwards of 800, inea. How tho natives will act is notikuowo. .' Their leader is the well-known fanatic Te Whiti, but he lms only a comparatively feeble following. Te Whiti says he will dd nothing, but he professes himself confident that Divine power will interpose to prevent the Europeans from taking possession of the plains. In any event no serious disturbance is feared. The colony is now too far advanced to be materially re tarded by any native disturbance. — Nevi Zealand Herald. New SpARK-CATcnKR. — A new method of arrestiug sparks from locomotive engines was tried the othev uight, between Melbourne and Snnbury. Several plans have been projected for effecting this object, and at the present time two spark-catchers are ou their way to this colony, but they have generally been found to hamper the steamiug powers of the eugiuc. Tho Commissioner of Railways has furnished the following particulars:— Tho ap paratus used is an application of a plan similar in many respects to Ford's patent ex hauster. A heavy goods engine was furnished with, tho apparatus and started with a full load for Suubury, the Commissioner, the locomotive superintendent, and two loco motive foremen riding on the foot- plate to watch the result. Both wood and coal were carried on the tender, in order that each kind of fuel might be tried. On passing Foolseray the furnace was made up with wood, aud it soon became evident that the sparks were not caught. Coal was then tried, and as soon as the remains of the wood had been, got rid of the apparatus was found to act very well. The sparks were all stopped, although the coal was small and the tests somewhat severe, and the steaming powers of the engine were not in any way crippled. When, tlie smoke box was opened at Sunbury the apparatus was found to be quite clear and open. The Commissioner considered the experiment very satisfactory, and authorised Mr Mirls, the locomotive superintendent, to furnish another engine with a somewhat similar apparatus, in order to put the principle to a severe test with a wood fire. — Arijits. Royai.tv in- Dan-ger.— Not long since the Princess Louise and the Duke of Argyll were ou the Metapediac river in a canoe, manned by two 5ficm,%c Indians, and whila crossing the stream where the current was strong, the frail craft w.is thrown across some logs which had 'jammed' below the rapid. The dex terity of the Indians with their paddles rendered tlie concussion harmless ; but the canoe just then swinging saddenly round, the cud of a log was likely to pin one of the men against the side of the boat. All would have been in the river in an instant but for the presence of mind of the Indian, who leapt head foremost into the water, and thus saved the Princess and his Grace from at least a ducking. The occupants of the canoe could not help laughing at the figure cut by the redskin, both in going over the side and after he was rescued ; but the incident put an end to their fishing for that afternoon. T\ventv-four Hours Walking Match.— The 'Go-as-you- please' contest commenced in the Exhibition building on Friday night last. There were eight competitors entered, but only five of. the number appeared on the track ; these were— W. Baker, 'Stroller,' J. M. Watson, Duncan, and W. Freeman. Watson, who is we believe a Victorian pedes trian, had to give way after a few miles, as he was laboring under the suffering from a cracked heel, ami Freeman also drew out, feeliug uuable to sustain tho pace. The Stroller, whose right nnine is Ireland, took matters very easily, aud the consequence is that he strolled in at the finish considerably behind his competitors. Iu the early part of the competition the pace was terrific, as Duncan, having allowed Baker to gain a little on him, made every effort to regain his lost ground. Early on Saturday morning Bakor was two miles and thirteen laps ahead of Duucan, who was eight miles ahead of Stroller. The walking contiuued during the greater part of Saturday, aud great interest was manifested, not iu the result, as it was evidently a sure win for Baker, but in order to see how imich grouud be could cover be fore the finish. There was a large concourse of spectators, nnd the competitors were cheered as they followed rouud the track. A mistake was made in uot offering prizes for the completion of certain distances, as to ward the latter end of the match Duncan aud Stroller were matched out, and Baker could go as he pleased. During the whole of tllJ match Baker only took four hour'' re 3- . his walking averages five miles an hour ..„.? at its conclusion he only appeared foot-soro, but was walking even moreg, .„? at the finish than at the st»rt. The , , , scores nre .— Baksr, 91 miles; Duncan 05 miles ; Stroller, 48 miles. Tho management 1 deserve every credit for having supplied an excellent track, aud the baud iu attendance were well up to tbeir duties. There is some talk of a forthcoming challenge from the Stroller, who appears to think that he can yet make a better account against linker for | a longer contest.— To-day's Observer. ! ' Berkeley, Sept., 1869.— Gentlemen, I j feel it a duty I owe to you to express my 1 gratitude for tho great benefit I have perived by taking ' Norton's Camomile Pills ; t apdlied to your agent, Mr Bell, Berkeley, for the abovenamed Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriv ing any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills 1 was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus I* nilictod. — lam, Si r yours truly, Hknhy ALi.rA.-iN. — To the Pro prietort of Norton'sCuuipuulefilhj '— A#VT ' 