Bsn?o.ans' FAoTs.-Mr. John Thornton, the well-known London salosman, who principally devotes attoution to sales of ped:igreeo cattle, informs us that on tho 24th of September he will sell by auotion Mr. G. Garnes' herd of shorthorns, which wore founded as far back as 1817. The cows to be offered are of tho old Broeadmoor P. and fRose tribes; also somlu of the fashionable Bates families of Blanche, Surmise, and Oraggs ; the Knightly Furbelows, as well as the Gwynncs, Sweethearts, Nonsuchs, and other well-known sorts. For many years first-class bulls, combining the host Booth and Bates blood from Mr. Jonathan Pool's '.'herd at JKnowlmoro Manor woro used, viz., Gondomar 17085, Cynrio 19542, and Duo cancer 25680. Colonel Townoloy's blood was likowwiso introduood by the successful i uso of Duke of Townoloy 21015 and Royal Butteorly 20th 25007; afteor which the famous Duoches sire, Grand Duke of Geneva 2nd 81288, was brought into the herd ; he has been used since 1878 and is still in service, as well as Grand Duke of Marl borough 88880. Oherry Grand Duke 5th 80712, bred by Mr. R. E. Oliver, has also been recently used. There is ample time before the sale for breeders on this side to forward commissions, and it is evident from the fact that such a long term of notice is given that the English breeders are not neglectful of the Australian trade. A bill: for the suppression of pleuro.-pneumonia in cattle, recently introduced in the United States soenate by Judge Johnson of Virginia, and in the house of representatives by James W. Covert of New York, provides for the appointment by the president of, a. commission of five persons, whose duty it shall be in the first place to examine into and report upon the existence of contagious pleuro-pnoumonia among cattle anywhere in the country; second, to co-operate with local authorities, corporations, and persons in establishing quarantine and other neces sary regulations, and to make regulations of their own when necessary; third, to buy and cause, to b.shlaughtered any infected cattle, together with hay, bedding, &e.; The fundamental intention of the measure is to' relieve the inidividual states from thle burden and expense of extirpating the. .disease wvithin their own borders,. while at the same time avoiding the' assniuiition of undue authority on the part of theonational govern moent. A Hereford bull won the Chaloner Platoe (competition open to all breeds) at the DIubbin spring, show. The champion is Mr. G. N. Purdon's Rifleman, by the male line descended from the grand old Adforton bull Stanway, an English royal premier, and the sire of royal prize stock. On the dam's side Rifleman descends from the herd of Mr. J. B. Green of Marlow, famous for the great size and massiveness of the cattle. Mfr. David Riddoll of Blackhall, laisloy, has sold two of his celebrated stallions, viz,, Luck's-All and Chancellor, at a very high figure to Thomas Wilkin, Tinwald Downs, Dumfries, for exportation to his brother, Robert Wilkin of Christ church, Now, Zealand.-Sydney Mail. BEariUDA GaAss.--A writer in the Journal of Agriculture (American) refers to this grass in regard to an exciting dispute as to whether it produces seeds in the United States or not. We give the article because we have recontly referred to the grass as having boon long present and neglected, but now very highly spoken of as a fodder or pasture grass, and also expressed the opinion that it was no other than our couch grass, Cynodon daotyleon, and the article boars us out :-" In the first column of Journal of February 20 I road what Thos. Y. Berry of Claiborno county, Mississippi, says, and your remarks by way of an ' answor.' I have known Prof. J. B. Killebrew for years from his writings, and know to love his labours. Sorry I must agree to differ with himh and to endorse Mr. Berry, I have known Bermuda grass since 1818 to 1820. I first saw it in my father's yard in South Carolina. Since, I have seen it in Georgia, Alabama, Mississipi, Louisiana, and Ten nessee.- I have seen it as low as latitude 81 dog.; I have had it east of Vicksburg, about a hundred acres; saw a largo field of it below Natchez, and fully stooked with nice well-fed cattle, Have argued tho matter with my neighbours, and offered to 'treat' anyone who would show me sood lings, a seed that I could germinate. I have had a largo number of stock, as also enough work-horses to oultivate a few hundred acres in cotton, corn, and small grain. In work-timoes half my plough-animals, my riding-horso, and family horses were on Bermuda pasture all season, and I think seed could have boon carried by my work mules in the cultivation ground, yet for some twenty years my fields were not seeded. I did not see corn, oats, and rye in fields, from the droppings of mules. I dislike to differ with so good a man as Prof. K.; but it is like a fight with a largo man, if whipped no one oxpected any bettor. I doubt not it seeds in Cuba, whore it was taken no doubt from Asia, as it is doubtless the old Doub grass said to be the food for the li6ly ox."' AonavcuTUanA I'rknts.--Tho, season con tinuis ', to be most promising in every roelooft, and there are high hopes among ngrioulturists that the coming harvest will be on0110 of great eoxcellnce. The weather has boeen seasonable in almost every locality, though perhaps some places may have had reason to complain of a little too much or too little rain. In some of the best cereal-producing districts it seldom happens that there is much reason to complain of too much moisture. This is the case at present to the north-west. At Dubbo there have boon good showers, and the wheat-crops are already luxuriant, for it has boon possible to got along with early sowing in the majority of the grain-raising districts. The corn-crop has been generally gathored in, and notwithstanding thoe dilli cultios of its early growth, tho result is on the wholo highly satisfactory. The cold weather and frosts have caused the appear ance of plouro among some of the dairy cattle in the high country, and also in the Upper Murray districts. In several districts solectors are busy agitating for the aboli tion of interest on conditional purohases. Meetings have boon held in various directions, and it appears probable that the movement will become general throughout the principal agricultural districts. In the southern districts the early and late-sown cereal crops are represented in forward condition, and all who till the land are promised a full measure of reward for their toil. In the Mudgoo district, during the past week or two, the farmers have boon busily engaged putting in the wheat-crop, the bulk of which is now in the ground. Considoring the low prices recently ruling, a good quantity of wheat has boon again put in this season.-Town and Country Journal. " Tiin PuLuoo."-A writer of " Odds and Ends " in the Wentworth Telegraph, who collects weekly what he reads and sends it to that paper, gives the following as an extract, is something good, and so we repent it :--" There is not a more mean, stupid, dastardly, selfish, spiteful, envious, ungratoful animal than ' the public.' It is the greatest of cowards, for it is afraid of itself. It starts at its own shadow, like the man in the Hartz mountains, and trembles at the mention of its own name. It has a lion's mouth, the heart of ta hare, with ears erect, and sleepless eyes. It s;taids listen ing to its fears. It never dares to form an original opinion of its own, but catches up the first idle rumour lost it should be behindhand in the judgment, and echoes it till it is deaf with the sound of its own voice. It is unwilling to appear in ,leadingl strings; and would hiavo it'ithough?ltliat its decisions are'as wise as they are weighty., It is hasty in taking up.its favorites, more hasty inilaying them aside, lest it should le supposed deficient in sagacity in either case. It is usually divided into two strong parities, each ;of which will: neither allow common sense nor common honesty to theo.ther. .The public.', is as envious dind idgrateful as it is ignorant, stupid, and pigeon-livered -'h a'liugOesized monster of ingratitude.' It reads, it admires, it extols, only becauise it is the fashion to do so, and not from :any true love of the subject or of the man. It cries you up, or runs you down, out of mere caprice and levity. If you have pleased it, it is jealous of 'its own involuntary acknow ledgment of mherit, and seizes .the, first opportunity, .the first ' shabby pretext, to. pick a quarrel,, with you, and quits. once more." Tii.RliPORTED MAssAREzs AT MANDALY.: -Some days ago (says the Times of India of April 24)w'o remonstrated 'with the Cal cutta papers for publishing, sensational tele grams from: Burmah, which woere most obviously untrue. They not only killed the King of 'Burmili; but they sacrificed, sevenoi Shundred human bheings, mostly girls.'. But monarchs,' dven in Manidalayido not die in this hole-and-corner fashion, and atoelegriam from a paper of the calibre of?the Ranigoon journals is is6aicely. highl authority: on ,a mattoer of this importanic?.?; Soi tulative at lManidalay originated, we prosume, the story of the King's death and th 'iriassaors, and as the story rolled: it swelled".intothe` " Terror at Mandalay," "uitilFthe Calcutta papers were .hoaxed into writing "formal obituary notices of King Theebaw. We are now able to formally deny what we before pointed out as self-evidently false. Messrs. Wallace and Company favored us yesterday with the following letter, which .may be taken to settle the question :-" With referi? once to the rumours of disturbances at Mandalay that have been puiblished recently in some Indian papers, we have received the following telegram from oine'of our firm, at present in Mandalay : ' King of Burmal!, is in perfect hoalth,'has nfever been ill,-is holding two audiences daily..,. Mandalay perfectly quiet. Thereo have been no massacres.'" And yet the most ample and ghastly details have obeen suipplitiba The Statesman's correspondent at Rangoon throws additional light on tlihe'hatter I He telegraphs under date 22nd April :-" There is no reliable Mandalay news except that ,it seems that Theebaw is aliveo ':' Euina? sacrifices are denied, but many people aro' said to be missing, and the panuicis yogeii'dlT at Mandalay. The Burmesb governmenti ascribe it to four drunkards having-seized some people and committed robbery. They were ordered to be publicly beaten round the city. It is thought hero that' liie a panic could hardly be' canted by four drunkards, and that the stoppage of trade would not have ensued without reasonable cause." HIavrsToi SLANG.-fHow common is the expression, " 0, she is down in the dumps " -that is, out of spirits. This is a very ancient slang phrase, and is supposed to be derived from " Dumpos, king of Egypt, who built a pyramid and died of melancholy;" so that the thieves and gipsioes are not all to blame for having given us a few expros sive words 1 We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of us : it is the ghost that haunts us at Christmas time, and pixrsues us more or loss through out the now year-it is the word " dun." It is a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a nioun, and is derived from the Saxon dunan, to din or clamor. It owes its immortality-so tradition says-to having beeoon the surname of one Joe Dun, a famous bailiff of Lincoln, in the reign of Henry VII, who was so active and dexterous in collecting bad debts, that' whoen anyone became slow to pay, the neighbors used to say, " Dun him," that is, send Dun after him. "Draw it mild," and "come it srong,',' have their origin in music,' being ttitoii'rms used by the loader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin players to play loud or' gently. From this they have passed intb: synonyms for oxaggorators .;and' ',boaster,: who are requested either to moderato their statements or to astonish their audienbe The word " coach " in those days is a pain. fully familiar one, as parents know wwho" have to omploy tutors to assist their sons' to swallow the regulation amouiil of "'oram ?" necessary for competitive examination. The word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a pits upon the term " getting on fast." To goet on fast you must take a coach ; you cannot got on fast in learning without a private tutor-orgo, a privato tutor is a coach. Another familiar phraso in univorsity slang is " a reogular brick," that is, a jolly good follow; and how the similo is logically deduced is amusing onough. A brick is deep-rod, so a deeoop-readt man is a brick. To read like a brick is to read until you are deep road. A deep.read man is, in uni-. versity phraso, a goodi man; a good man is a jolly follow with non-reading men; orgo, a jolly follow is a brick.-Clhanm bors's Journal. AN AiFFEOTING STORS " OF c" A. ])EVOTIED WnI·F.""-Tho following (says the .Europeran Mail) comes to us by way of America from Italy. Signora M?nlenochini was the lady's name, and she was the wife of a largo landed proprietor ; she was also one of tie most beaonutiful women in Palermno, and ih said to have becn at a moderato estimnito at least threeoo times as good as she was\ boeautiful. One day her husband wont to look at an olive plantation which Iheo had some idea of buying, and, as it appeiared, a little band of brigands was waiting for him to arrive. When ho did appear lieo wa~s promptly captured and taken to the mouni tains, from whence the most litorato briganud of the company wrote to Signora Malon chini to announce tihe fact that her husband was visiting at the cavo and ihad pressing need of ton thousand dollars. The money must, it was intimated, be sent at once, and if it did not arrive in a week she would receive on Monday a little reminder in the shape of her husband's ear. A second day's delay would necessitato the dispatch of a second oar, and, those organs ox hausted, his nose would follow as a proof of the urgency of the busiiness. The sufferings of the bereaved wife may be better imagined than described. She sold all her jewels and personal property, but thisonly brought a fifth part of the money; and .tbl' week elapsed before the required sum had been made up,. Punctual to their ipromise, on the Monday an ear arrived; and when she had wivpt" over it b .good deal she renewed' her efforts to make 'up the ransom, climb ing iiniumerable staircases to beg or borrow something towards the. fund. Next day camb the' dther ear, and then the nose, after which casual fingers and a lip reached hoer and she began torefleect that the creature for whom she was weeping and labouring differed iii 'several important particulars from the husband she had lost. Besides, to 'paty the money which she had just laboriously scraped together, would be to encourageo brigandage. She, therefore, consulted her mother on the subject, and asked, "Is my husband in his present state worth 10,000 dols ? Had I not better refuie to take him on the ground that he is so extensively damaged 2 With the monoy in my possession I imn get a hand some trousseau and a whole husband. Is not- this my plain duty ?" Her mother un hositatingly, said that it was; and Signora Mileonchini, notifying to the brigrands that: on tho'whole she must dobline 'to accept the remnant of husband still in, their pos session, tried' to meet her loss with resig nation. TnH LAW OF .MAnRIAnA.-o Tho difference betweohe the Scotch and English law of marriage, which is- so often coming before tlio public, was once more illustrated in the divorce court the other'dayi- A'lady who had aplipdlid to be divorced from her husband for the usuadl reasonsisought to amiend her petition by asking for' adecree of 'nullity of marriage on the 'ground that when her husband-went through the form of marriage with her he was 'already married to another woman. Such proved to be the ease, but it also turned out that he had been divorced from''his" first wife on account of his in fidelity by the court of session in Scotland. qucth a'ground is not, as is well known, sufficiont in this country when the wife is the petitioner, and therefore Sir James Hannon was asked to disregard the Scotch jildgineiit altogether. As his lordship pointed out, Mr. H. B. Farnie, the re spondent,.' who is well known in the dt-amatie 'world, though he married his first wife in Wales, was domiciled at the time in. Scotland, and therefore a Scotch tribunal had jurisdiction to dissolve this miarriatge. Such being the case, the grounds oin liich the judgment proceeded were for tlio Scotoh court alone, and Mr. Farnie had to be treated as a bachelor. Mrs. Fainie hbid thus failed in her object of procuring a_ dissolution of: hermarriage without ocon p yinig,.whatl.hei counmsel described 'as the-fa"' from;enviable position bf r.divorced woman, "d:itis':iof doviso'ribight that the authority of 'tli'e 'S?toli courts should be respected. B t it seems hardly fitting that an English judge should .hlavo to point out that as regards the lai"' of marriage Scotelihmen must be troated.as foreigners. The dislike bf English lawyers tb. theorotical symmetry may in some cases have boon practically convenient, but a uniform law of marriage foi the three kingdoms does not seem an ex travagant project in these days of legal reform. SIrmINLss OATs.-Referring to the skin loss .oats grown by Mr. A. Me Donald, of Aston, and which took first prize at the international exhibition, 'the Brisbane Courier writes as follows :-Regarding the skinless oats procured at the international exhibition at Sydney, by Mr. Alexander Macpherson, a paragrraph about which ap peared in the Courier, Mr. Macpherson in forms us that he wrote to the grower-Mr. Archibald Mo Donald, farmer, Tara, near Bombala, Monaro Plains, New South Wales-for information about the oats, and lie says that they make the best oatmeal. It has to be kiln dried and ground, but wants no shelling; it makes the very best hay procurable. "I have boon growing it for several years on the Monaro, and always use 'it. Although I have known it for thirty-five years, I do not know where it originally came from. You are quite wel comeo.to take a sample of it to try in Queens.' laind:'" Tlio seeds distributed by Mr. P. R. Gordon afre part of the samples of sliuloses oaItsto which a first prize was awarded at the .'Sydiey' international exhibition. It iiay thrfive.on the coast lands, but the most suita1lo localities for its cultivation are the' neighbourhoods of Stanthorpo and War wick. [We' may mention that Mr. A.' Millar, of Bukolong, purchasoed 40 lb. of these oats, producing 80 bushels, which he. is making into oatmeal, and the sample we have seen is exceedingly good.-ED. B. C.] AN ExTRAORINAnRy PosT-CARD,-At the Dusseldorf oexhibition, which opens on the 9th proximo, a member of the Rhonisli and Westphalialian Steonographic Society will bx Ihibit a German post-card, which is somo what larger tlhan the English post-card, containing Voss's translation of the first throe books of HIomer's Odyssley, and part of a very long debate which recontly took pilace in thie (erman Imperial Parliamoent. The number of words in the oextrlact of tho Odyssey is 11,000, while in the parliament ary debate the number is 22,000. The whole of the 88,000 words havo boee written in thle Gabolsoberg system of short-lhand and with the naxed eye. Tihe quantity of matteer contained in this short-lhand manusoript would be equal to what is contained in about nino psges of fihe Times. It is st.lrange tlhat in a licensing bill of such a broad and comprehensive chalractr as that now engaging the alttentiou of tho Legislative Assembly thero should be found an omi'sion of a nature so serious as to threaton, nllloss duly romedied d'ring thlo future pro ogress of the bill, tIme undoing of the good worlk soughlt to be achieved in the shapeo of suppressing thle too long-toloratod lhaunts of shameless profligacy and vice. Wo refer to the omission of any provision for licensing common lodging- lhouses. In England such a law lhas enabled magisterial authorities to rid neighbourhoods of places which had for years boeen the scenes of immorality of the grossost descriptions, withouit having resourc to thie uncertain msachinlery of parish prosecutions. In Sydney the refusal of licenses to tho more notorious public-house resorts of the dissolute of both seoxoes, and thie aversion shown by the more jospootablo class of publicans to allowing loose characters on their premises, must inevitibly cause many of the .so- called: lodging-houses to acquire increased liotoiiety or the demoralizing spectacles of nocturnal saturnalia which render them the shame and scandal of their respective. localities. At present the police cannot.interfere save under certain difficult conditions. Were these places brought within the scope of the licensing bill the police could at least insist upon some show of order and outward decency being observed. Of coursoee~very care would have to be taken to prevent the possibility of the police authorities abusing the powers entrusted to them, although, judging from recent experience, there is little fear of the law offending on the side of undue severity. The Berliner Zeitung has caused some sensation in Germany by a terrible descrip tion which it has published of the maltreat ment to which a soldier, and especially a young recruit in the German army, is liable to be subjected at the caprice of his superior, and without any hope of redress. Kicks in the stomach, boxes on the eiar, blows'with al sheathed sword or the butt-end of. a musket are, the writer asserts, part, of the treatment to which the.soldier must sub. mit; sines he soon learncs that however cruelly, harshly,' wand unjustly he may be treated, if he complains his complaint will. probably be fruitless; and' :that in any. case it will go hard with .him afterwards. The number of cases of. suicide in the German army, which is .notoriously exceedingly large, is mentioned by the writer in suipport of his case.'. Ill-treated by his superiori,; drilled till he faints from fatigue, subjected! to most cruel tortures, which :compare with those 'of the. inquisition, the soldier, dos pairing of obtaining justice or relief, puts an end to his life. The truth of the asser tions made by the Berliner Zeitung is, it is fair to say, indignantly denied by the Geor man military press; but the force of the denial is hardly increased by the demand of the Deutsche Heeros Zeitung that the article should be treated by the authorities as one calculated to excite disaffection towards the state. A youth recently appeared at a neighbor ing police-station (says Will Honeycomb) and told the constable in charge his griev ance. A horse of his had boon taken and workeod-in fact, it had been " converted" -that is the legal phrase I think to ex press politely what plain folks denomninate by a word more expressive. " Well," said the policeman, " got a warrant out, and I'll soon put it into execution. Of course you know the man 2". "That I do," replied the injured one. " Well, here's a warrant and information-form, and go and swear the latter' before a J.P., and he'll issue the former." "Yes," said. the suitor, . "but whero'll I find a magistrate ; there are few about here." And the constable scratched his'?poll and said, "the nearest is Mr. Blackhiseyes, and leo's twenty miles away." The stockman shook his head, whistled a bar or two of Grandfather's Clock, and re plied, " why, bless you, that's the chap as is sweatin' my horse I " Among the stories which are told at St. Petersburg of the attempts made by the nihilists to penetrate into the Winter Palace is the following :-General Gourko, when Governor of St. Petersburg, had the right of entering at any time into the Emperor's room without being announced. Once how ever the doorkeeper, seeing something un usual about his appearance, stopped him, saying that it wvould be necessary to inform the Emperor of his arrival. The general objected at first, but finding that tile door keeper only grow more suspicious, ultimately agreed to his being announced. The door keeper then told the Emperor of his doubts; upon which the latter wont to a writing table in his room, which was connected by telegraph with General Gourko's residence, and telegraphed " where is Gourko 2 " " At homo " was the reply. This of course settled the point ; the false Gourko was at once arrested, and turned out to be a mem ber of the revolutionary committee. The mystery of "how to live under water," which has so long puzzled, the visitors to the Polytechnic and driven the savans almost to despair, has at last been solved. The gentleman who used to descend into the pond and remain for hours there with no air-pipe, yet without evon sending so much as a bubblo to the surface, has taken out his patent for the proeooss. He also said that when lie came to explain the matter .. eeryono.e would', oxelaim, ": how =simple," like the spectators in the ease; of Ohiistopher OolUimbus'sr Obg- tridli and lirliaps. to theio savans,it' may boe;sb, Jt I; doubt' whollier the gonegral lpublio will. understand the :thingonveni '0ow;' Briefly the oinventor lits s? ihelmetllike the o'dinaliy, divers, and in this is. ptel~ed: doimlresoedn air, \--ust as an e.?plobort gh't~lto "k'abox b meat lozenges.4 i nii:;.i.pockct t ·i-vcich -Llis, supplied. to hium' as'hed waitit, :i'i oWiin breath?, whidhi' bld' bf cour? lih' pli?oisi? to him, is ogxhalodsiuatia, rooeicpacloe eilied; with a lrepait tioi?, f O i.6di, lvlehhi liahbssar.bs sid' i'nnibila?es-it. 'Thereo is l'i.'otiially so limibt to 'the :timbh'li'"iani by this meansus exist usnder wiito'iaiil liis system, whlile it dispenses ,:withl.:the, expensive pump and other gear, has this iummense advantago over the 'old :arrangement, that there is no air-pipe to be cntangled and brokon, so that hle can move in and about a wroeck like a dry man in the caroaso of a hloueo.-Lonedon Town Tallt in Melblourneo Argus. Mr. Gladstone (says the Examiner) could take his seat for oithlor of two constiltuencies, Mr. Parnell for eithecr of thrco. The popu larity of thlis person in Ireland, this seOveoth nrate O'Connoll, is one of the most romrnrk able signs of the deooadenco of the high literary and political spirit that used to animate theo Irish constiteuonoies. Mr. Par ncll, Mr. ]3iggar, Mr. O'Donneell, sand Mer. Fiunigau, are harIdly evemn up to the intel looteal level of metropolitan vestrymoen and that they should l)o the spokleosenon for at least half of a country whichl onco uittered its voice throusgh a Graltian, a Flood, a B1usho, a Plunkeatt, or ovon an O'Connell, says little indooeed for the progress of the IHish race, notwithstanteding schemoes of national oeducation, primary and inltor mediate. As an instance of what cattle may fotch at homo it is stated that a number of very superior Canadian cattle which were landoed at Liverpool from the steamship Brooklyn wore sold this week at the local cattle market at the extraordinary price of £46 anch. Jim Keene, the' big whoat speculator, has sent 1.0,000 dol.. to the Duchess of Marl-. borough'sIrish relief fund. -?;Dr. Hammond, an authority on diseases of' the nerves, advises nervous people to consume plenty of fat or fat- producing food. The Journial dos Debats publishes a lead ing. article in which it strongly advocates the extension of French colonial enterprise, and urges the goverment to establish colonies on vacant fertile territory both in Europe and Asia. .. The Peninsular and Oriental Companyy are advertising :special cheap trips to Aus-. tralia, to .'enable Englishmen, to see ,tlih Melbourne 'xhibition. A' fi.st-clas:s ri&e; turn ticket may be had for one hundredl gnmeas. M. * Julius:: Bluthuner, oouirt pianofort.. maker of Leipsio, has recently completed-` his 16,000th instrument, and to commenmor-? ate the event he gave a dinner to the whole of.his worltpeople. 