So there is to be a contest in Ballarat West after all. It was commonly thought that the three old members wonld have had a walk-over; the Conservative* being Quite satisfied, by the palling on the 38th of last February, that they stand no chance erf wreatisg a single seat from the Liberal party. Bat, as the French say, eveiythiqg occurs save the expected; and ao it is in the case of Ballar&t; Weet. One Ministerial supporter ia found to court the humiliation of defeat, in spite of the numerous reasons which present themselves why Mesa re SMITH, BELL, and FINCHAM should have been returned without a contest. The individual who has determined to play the part of the ailly Soman, who plunged into a wide and deep chasm to save his country, is Mr E. M. SRR.TF.ANT. All the rest of the candidates, spoken of in the Conservative interest, any time dnriog the last week, felt at the eleventh honr that discretion was the better part of valor, and, therefore, declined to provoke a conflict." Not that there was any want of " working ap" or " wire- polling" to secure candidates to try conclusions with Messrs SHITO, BELL, and FINCHAM. There have been a great number of backparlor conferences, street ta!kings, and dob mancpaTtfngs, to see if the oracle could be worked for the Ministerial interest. But those bidden to the fray, on that aide, declined ta come np to the scratch when the nomination bell rang. Wiser men in their'day and generation, they declined to take part in a struggle in which it waa quite & foregone conclusion that 4hey would be worsted in an encounter. Bat " fools rash in where angels fear to tread;" and so we have Mr R. M. SERJEANT, stasding forth in Ballarat West, as the forlorn hope of the Ministerial party. Now, if there ever was the least doubt as to the transparent humbug which is associated with a contest in Ballarat West just now, the candidature of Mr H. M. SEBJEAHT would utterly and - completely diapel it It would do this,. because there is not a prominent man on the Conservative side in Ballarat West who would not make a better show at a poll than the manager of the Band ai>d Albion Consols. Mr SERJEANT'S same is associated with a company which ia said to compel every miner in its employ to find his own candles, and, we believe, alio teals, and where, it is commonly reported,any expression of optmoo in favor of the Liberal party is veiy likely to resglt in He is unpopular in the extreme; and when he last had the temerity to stand for Ballarat West, he got what he richly deserved, a thorough beating. What chance has a candidate like this of winning & seat in Ballarat West, seeing that the feeling towards him has rather weakened than improved since he wooed the electors before? None in the least; and hence the factions natms of his nomination. No doubt Mr SEBJEABT hopes something from the Mmers' jissociation, which he has been trying most industriously to work, politically, of late, although the paper, of which he is BOW part proc t b S a prietor, deprecated anything of the sort, when the association was originally started, only to throw dust in the eyes of the public. No doubt lie thinha he will be dUe to. nae the association as a lever to make a better show at the poll than he did when he stood^before; and certainly the myateiloaB dragging In of Mr BABTOH to the Conservative meeting the other night is some excuse for this notion. But Mr SEBJEAHT and all other intriguers of the like kind may be told that the dodge won't "gee," as the YanfcBnsay. The miner* belonging to the association nndentilg! Mr SERJEAHT'S real sympathies andcaseer too well to be inveigled into giving him t&eir; votes; and no amount of f *nro-paIIiiig, n boonce, blaster, or « soft sawder," will prodcceaey cite-p. r -">nso. teen gtiog co of la/-* ie so asea through by tin mtorn tfust U '.»< .!•.•>«•! likely to«xd*'s ' t-- f?;,.; tba: ..rtietaecxi, a he Mt • aBDKAjix is, ther^re, !itt!a dm t&um;! pi'-.-e : np. i: -jr.asc. i< f". t assumption that^aaatpBTflnmnew wni qpa intptiled into voti^ far Unbytfae schemes , which be aritjroprjd^eec " •pinto l» vafciawBWMtiiac <fl|a U]6 FLO$DSE8VRB^'TDO'TMOSAFOLLVLSD sad social Jo he thnsrtriivWl ^ fag a' oiiiin whigft mdl liB jjMlanig Ml, thdr own fmty, Hader ordinarjr cfrcomfor HtBsorsz BO fimlt to find with fe AAnt EMbi At the last deeSon Mr BBOFHT only lost hy six voM ; and whenever ft» polling at an election is «o dose as that, a farther cobteSt on die first opportunity is jnstifiabie; and, therefore, not a word can be said , against Mr BBOPHT'scandidature, although, for obvious reasons, we trait he "will be defeated. Bat there ia no excuse for a contort r, w Ballarat West so Boon after the last •election. The lowest candidate cm the poll last Febrnary, on the Liberal side, was about 900 ahead of the highest os the poll, on the Coaservative aids; and where a parly has been so thoroughly beaten ; as these figsres show, only two or three months ago, a farther contest most be hopeless. It cas only be forcing a fight for the a; mere purpose of patting the Liberal candidates to-expense, which, it ia almost needless to state, they can ill afford at this juncture. We Shall have another opportunity of speaking of Mr SEBJEAKT before the poll is tsfcsn; and, therefore, will content oarselves with one farther remark at present. Mr SERJEANT has challenged Messrs SMITH, BELL, and FINCHASI to a cottest, although he knows he has not the . ghost of a chance of winning one of those three seats. This is a most contemptible act, and it speaks well for Ballarat West (hat it contains no other man who wonld be . Rtrilty of snch a proceeding. We trust Mr SEEJEANT will be thorooghly thrashed at the poll, for nothing else than the bitterest humiliation woald do justice to his conduct. EVEKY person in the commnnity should read the letter which appears in another column, signed " JOHN RICHABDSGN," and which is a copy of a letter that was sent to the Chief Secretary, and remains unanswered. Every person ehonld read that letter, because it discloses another of those acts of tyranny for which the SEB- VICE Government are rapidly becoming infamous. The sacred name of the Almighty was coupled by tbe Conservative prints with thanks when the BESET Government resigned, because it was alleged By those papers that persons holding official positions would thus escape from a state of terrorism, and be able to breathe freely in future. They wonld feel n- te that their positions were secure, because the Bpies (save the mark) of the BERBY Government, could no longer dog their footsteps, listening for some adverse word to fall to supply an excuse for the Ministry to displace them from their situations, to make room for Government snp porters. How this all-ronnd fabrication was utilised, to be sore, at, ahd before, the last general election, to divert sympathy from the then Ministry, and transfer it bodily over to the then Opposition. And the lie told; for there can he very little doubt that some electors were weak-minded enough to believe such "rot," and vote against the supporters of the BERBY Ministry, believing that the continuance in office of that Government was fraught with danger to the integrity of the departments; In fact, as it has been often said since, the BEBBY Government were literally lied ont of office; for there was hardly an atom of truth in one of the charges made against them. But in no case was the lie more undeserved or ungracious than in asserting that the BEBBY Government troubled their heads, even the least little bit, abont the political doings'of the officials, or interfered with any member of the civil service to reward their friends and supporters. All this was the merest Conservative invention. Bat it had the effect desired; and that was eveiything, we sappose, to the scullions of the press who floated the miserable slander. Bat if there was no truth in this accusation when applied to the BEBBY Government, that is far more than can be said of it when applied to Mr SERVICE and his colleagues, who, during the four nfonths they have been in office, have managed to put every Government official on the gridiron of apprehension. Not an appointee of the BEBBT Government has felt his or her billet worth two hours' purchase since the SERVICE Government hare been in power; and in no department has this dread been more conspicuous than in the intellectual one which the Chief Secretary presides over. In the sum, however, the Ministry have managed to do remarkably well, from their point of view, in this respect; for we venture to say that never since a Government waa heard of in this couDtry, has there been such a feeling of terror in the departments, or each an intense impression of insecurity, as since Mr SERVICE and his colleagues were foisted upon this community, as 6 ponulimoot for its sins and offences. Officials have been discharged in every department of the State, for no reason at • all, except, in acme cases, because they happened to have been appointed by the BEBBY Government ; and thus a precedent has been set by the SERVICE Government of the most pestilent kind, sad one which is bound to bear anything bat good fruit in the future. Tired of alarming and worrying the smaller (or paid) ctos of officials, however, the Ministry have of late, shot at higher (or honorary) game; and two returning officers are amongst their latest victims Dr KNAGGS, of West Melbourne, is one; and Mr JOHN KICHABDSON, of Creswick, is the other; and both gentlemen have bean removed, on the ground of politics!.partisanship, though everybody knows—to use a figurative expression—the excuse will not hold water. Mr RLCHABDSON takes np the cudgels on his own .behalf, as shown by the letter which appears in another column | and we repeat that every person in the ountry should read that letter down to he very last sentence. They should read it, ecause they will there see that Mr RICHARD- ON has discharged his duties faithfully nd impartially in die Creswick district, as we can readily testify to; and that one of the reason why he ia dismissed from his . appointment is, heonse he refused to allow onnatoralised Chinese to vote at the last general election. Mr RrCHABD- 80H learned ; privatdty that Mr COOPEB, whose friends Ihe'ghtaifce w^ fatet^ed to make strenuous efforts to have him (Mr BTLCHABDBOH) removed from the retuniinjr officaiahip lot that district; and as Mr CpoPEH is a Government supporter, the test has speedily and surely - followed. Was there, ever a grosser outrage committed -upon a highlyrespectable man than Mr RICHARDSON has to sustain, because he happens to be brother of a late member of Parliament in opposition to the Government, because he offigeeto unnataralised thinese^votinjj tit PsiftmeiB^felecproceeding which * forbidden \ express term by the atatute? We iMia i a r ^ * to jdctffr*** fliUaeehow anybo^y^sK^SEarfrom this so. This case, however, like M the of the dismissals wjfeh have taken glace from the porters. ieflbjects ^and desires S HotfficidtnniftlAm S J Zftera^ fart tbo witness bis dismissal. Still worse than tins, bs is liable to be discharged without any act of his own, or saying anything that woald justify removal, because numbers of officials have been dismissed by the SEEVICE Government without sappljing even lias pretext for the purpose. Of a verify, things have come to a fine pass indeed ander the SERVICE regime, for a greater despotism or a viler tyranny never existed. It is the dnty of the electors of Greawick to deal with snch gross acts of tyranny and connption very trenchantly at the ballot-box; and we hope they will do this without the least hesita tion next Wednesday. Tbe candidates nominated tor Ballarat Bast are fiesers James, Bcescll, and Brophy. For Granville Messrs Lie.vies. Young, and Oleverdon will stand. We see that Mr Oannt stated at Beaufort, 03 Mon day evening last, that the Liberals have stolen the Ministerial reform febeme. This was bad taste on th part Cf Mr Gaunt, becan e there is not a tingle thin tn comm- n between the two sohexues, thev beicg qu dissimilar in both tffoct and detail. Kessrs Eainsbury and Taylor addressed a meeting of the elector* at BroomfisM Golly 00 Monday night abont'90 persons being present. Kr Biohards occupied the chair. The addresses of tbe candidates wer attentife'y listened to. and after Mr Eainsbnry had explained (hit £r Bichardson was speaking at Kingston, a vote of oonfidenoe in Uessrs Bichardson, eainsbury, and Taylor was unanimou-ly cirried and a most entimriastio meeting brought to a close. Messrs Galnsbnry and Taylor then prccaeded to Kingston, where Mr Eichardson was addressing abou 100 -lectors at Bradley's hotel, Kr Clark in tt» chair Mr Sichudsoa delivered a lengthy and exhaustive address, which was a Uutively listened to. Messrs Samsbury and Taylor briefly follow, d, and received a cordial reception. A vote cf thanks to the chair "dosed an exoellent meeting. At a committee meeting of Ve3frrs Daviee and Young's supporters, *25 was collected in the room to defray the election expenses for the fiuninyong division of the electorate of Grenville. Messrs K. Bichaidson, Q. B. Csinsbuiy. and J. EL Taylor, tbe Opposition candidates forOraswiok district, addressed a meeting of the electore at the (own hail. Cre8wick,lsst night, when there were some 40 persona jpresent, and Mr W. O. t-penoe, vico-presiden A. M. 5..in the absence of the mayo r joocupied the cha The candidates were very well received, and accorde very attentive heatings: . Mr Bichardson entered into a trenchant criticism of the' actions of the Government, acd the proposals amtained In its Befoim Bill, condemning both very strongly. He gave bis adbeeton to the platform laid down by the Liberal party; and Messrs faiosburv and Taylor, whs followed 1dm, Is speeches neoesssrily brief, as the evening waa farepeot, also an nounced their determined oppoeltian to the Service scheme of reform, and their adhesion to the l iberal manifesto. The speakers were patiently listened to for over two hears, and on oondnding wen loudly applauded. The meeting, which had been pretty unanimously in favor ot the views oi the speakers, broke up with cheers for the Liberal party. A mus of the addresses will be found in another column. A meeting of tt» «apporters of Messrs DaVies an Young, Liberal candidates tor GrenvOlo in tbe ensu ing election, was held last night at tbe Bun:nyong hotel. Mr O. Kerr ooonpbd the chair, there-being abont Sixty persons being present. Full arrangements were made for the approaching campaign, an it was deciJed to fetussubscription lists to pay the candidates' election expenses. Mr Cleverdon, mayor of Hawthorn, who has been nominated for Grenvil'e in "the Conservative fnterrst addressed a meeting of electors last night in tbe Temperance Hall, BunSnyong. Mr 7ow'«r occupied tba chair, there being a moderate attendance. Mr Olsverdon, in his speech, dealt principally with tbe eervios Befonn tsilL His remarks were listened to with anything bnt attention, continual disturbances taking place. Mr Olsverdon declined to take a vote .of confidence, and the meetin broke np, gfving cheers for Mr Berry and groans fo ilr Eeraoe. B*d any vote of confidence been put, oonnter proposition would have been at once moved. Eeveral members of the Bmythesdale Befonn League met at the Udorado hotel on Monday evenin last (Mr J. Keith. J.P.. presiding), and agroed thatiu the event of a contest for Grenviile, the Liberal candidates (Messrs Dav^s and Young) should be return free of cost, as far as Smytbesdale was concerned. Then being ne certainty as te whether any other candidate wculd be nominated, the meeting wa adjinrned t J the following evening A lad named James Hunter, aged fifteenyears, me .with a horrible aoeidrnt, which resulted fatally, whe at the Seijoant'e Freehold mine yesterday, where he was engaged in feeding tie battery. Bonder was passing by where the flywheelwas at work, when h slipped and fail forward under it. He was caught by the wheel and dragged under i(, being by i s mighty sweep forced through tie small opening between the bottom oi the wheel and the box around it, and was thrown out at As tide opposite from where he fell dreadfully crushed and cut and in an unconscious state. Be was at onoe removed by his mates to the Hospital, but it was seen from the first that there could be no hope of his recovery, and after lingeri three hoars he died, never having been coneciaQS fr the time of the accident It appears that the exigencies of bis work did not necessitate his going so near the flywheelas he did whan h* slipped, an that the unfortunate occurrence, which resulted so faarfsily was entirely t«l Hunter tag a tall finely-made young fellow, apparently of abent tw years of age, so well developed was he, and he resided with his mother at 6ebastopoL An fnqnses c the remains will be held at the Hospital to-day. A meeting of the North Ward bra&oh; of tin Nation Befonn League was ield last night at the Anryle hotel; Mr Mason (president! in the chair. The room was crowded. It was unarimously received that the league support the three old members—Messrs 8mlt Fincham. and Bell—who have so faithfully represente the Uberal party in Parliament It was also resolve that all expenses incurred by this branch during th contest be defrayed by its members. A oonsidanble amount wis collected in the room, and a financecom xoittse was appointed. In our yesterday's issue, In the report of tlm meet ing of Mr Brophy*e supporters, it was stated that M William Scots waa appointed a vice-chairman. The name of Kr E. B. Blocks should have appeared in th place o! Mr Scott. In answer to questions,ELR John O'&hanassy; said at Belfast last Saturday that he had been offered by the Government the offios of Speaker or Agent- General , and had dsalinsd both. A meeting of tbe Untnn branch of the Grenvilie Befoim League was held at the Surface Hill heteL Linton, on Monday evening. Then was a good muster of membscs. and it was unanimously dfccided that the expense* attending the farthccmSsg elas of Messrs Davies ahd Ycnng, be paid by the league A Urge committee .was formed to secure tba return tbe present members, and a good many of the Servic party at the last election have pledged themselves to vote lor Messrs Davies and Young against all comers The case against the mining manager of tbe Hurds fldd Company, Mr Charles hoUason, for maliaoaslv damaging the shaft of theHnrd£fieId Extended Company, was yesterday further postponed till Friday, owing to the absence of conned repmen&ng; both parties. The aoenrad, together with Joseph Powell and Bjchard OoBins, were admitted to bail a« before. Tbe many friends that Mr Kirk, of the Unioom hotel, has made since his residenceIn Ballarat will be glad to learn that he is to can'inue in his old capacit as landlord ; the sale to Mrs Wlgbam, of Dimes/ which we notiSed a few days, having fallen through. After an the threats by the select lew persons in th Ballarat West electorate of the strong oppadtion Dot would he made to the return of the tErae. liberal namffrtataH, not more than one ""HfltW* has been frond willing to face the contest A bwns rumor 1 was circulated all yesterday Oat ex-Judge Sogers and Mr Oaaelli would enrely be nominated, and that hundreds, and even thousands, of pounds wonld be hvished to return them—that is, of oonrse, if one of the Liberal candidates did not withdraw hfa nomination, and allow Hr-Serjeant to elide to ucoppoeed. However, lOerals w.iie perfectly calm nnder these terrible threats, and at fivee'etack,the seleotcoteri having met in solemn cor clave, decided to ran'M Serjeant alofceip'the Coram aaUaeutnterest. ' . We see that 2£r Qauitaan had a splendid meeting Ararat on Monday evening, the 500 parsons praee being unanimously in hi* favcr. Dnriag his remarks be sald-u" As rrgards the results which would Sow from the neeent •lection, if'tbe Bervioe Beform Bill was defeated, no doubt Mr Bear woald tie eaitrnatsd with tbe formation of a new Ministry, and would undoubtedly choose ooUugoea «>»» wonld be arcoptaUe to Arariat and the colony at large. 4 tall eTO«ts,*b(y mWit be pretty certain that be would diajday that moderation in ihe future which iw bad feoeolly shown ia abandoning hfa fanner reform bnt and su&mit-lug; the present moderate and reasonable proposals; and the oouotry might be sore ih.t warned by the errors of Oe past, he wonld not fan fata the dangerous fault of arraying against class, but would eadoavor to legislate temperately and wisely to benefit the oolcpy at large." : A cowardly attain was made cons few days back o a harmless Ohineee in S^lant W ean half-domn roughs. After knocUBg the Chiniman abont, they tnmbled him into a pnddllng anffl. IbemaUo-ia in tbe bands of the pottos, and-then fa ran probability tfthacftsndare being brooghtto justice. A meeting of the Ballaiat Piibttc Library "See was held cn Tuesday evening. Preaent— « Eoff (preeiaent), Botenblum, Bobertson, TJand, MoHoy, Ham, sod Bwtwood. Panmau wns nad trom tbs Mfabg itenrtosnt, SeoJogtoal reporU. Prom the JSew South Wales w k preeenttagthe report on tbe Hghtlng, tug, and iimiitaiii mUr school hriuiaa In tba Continent ofEtoope.taflSSrtca,™ ' ~ ' " ? eitooi aieiyfne, Octodtej» ttankfdBysoksowledged, SVb nMt» ltaeo ot Deeign exMblta. The dtDtwdtosT^ML. _ fcat wfll take pttoe cat the 37th instant. Europe;'' and Mr John Bobson, 7th September.on " Shakespere." wfth fliuttratlvereadings. AAniasion Is. subscribers half pries. Mr Brophy having been nominated, were elected to a vacancy on the ocnnmiUe and the meeting adjourned. A lec ure was given last evening ia 6t Andrew's Kirk by (he Bar. B. A. J^acgiey Tbe eubj'-ct was " George Whitfield," whose life and labors during th revival in t nglasd were tbe chief points. The Bev. W. Henderson occupied the chair. The Bishop cf Ballarat and several other clergymen were present. Tbe lecture, which was very interesting, and drew fair and iigoe, was given in ail ot the Pastoral Aid Sooiety. A magnificent collection of tags made from tbe skins ot cotive animals is now on view at the rooms of Mr F. M Glaxton in LycranS nrest. Some cf the most noticeable are these made from the skins of Ta mnnlan native cits and tiger cats, while many of th opossum skins are beautiful imitations of sealskin. The assortment is well worth inspection, and we un derstand that the whole will be submitted to auction cn Friday next , A very handsome watch, chain, and seal, which w presented to Mr B. Brophy at the late bacquet, may now be seen in tbe window of Mr W. Bennett, jeweller, of PrHge street The watch is a gold chronometer balance time-piece, jewelled in fix boles e On one case of tire watch is Mr Bmpby'g monogram g and on tbe other his crest. On the inner case are e ito graved the following words:—" Presented to D. Brophy. Brq, late M.L.A.. by a number of his friend in recognition ef the valuable eervices he has rendere , to the Ballarat district." The presentation is finish in a very fcandBomemanner, and is valued at £50. e The treasurer of the Smytheadale Mechanics' Institute has rewired the pleasing information from the Chief Secretary's office, that a grant t4 £2913s SS ha been passed towards tbe funds of the institute. 1 The receipts on the Victorian Railways for the! week Which ended on the SOth June, were ^7.054 1 t amount received vn the corresponding I . period of last year was £10,738 Ss Id I?) The ninth of a series of penny readings will take p ace this evening at the Eyre Street FrimMvB Meth dist Sunday School. The programme will be very I amutlng, as Mr James Uren wiS occupy the entire evening giving a variety of amusing tales from Th haunt* and homes of the rural papulation of Coinwall;" also the 7th chapter on The life of Hichard Hampton." Tbe readings will b» interspersed with I selections of music, nnder the direction of Mr J.] Kirtoa, with Miss Gribble at the organ. We have received a copy of the Northern Union ] Fixe Insurance Society's diary for the month of July 0 The soiree in oonneotion with the eleventh anniversarj^of t the induction of the Kev. J. W. Inghs to ir. the pastorate of St. John's Presbyterian Church will take d • 1 place • tins ••• eveuiug, - at the - - Mechanios' - - - Institute Besides addresses by several ministers of the various Protestant denominations, there will be readings by Messra John Bobson, D. Carn«gie, and tbe Bev. J. W. inglis, besides seleotiocs of music by theexoellen choir of the church. The tea will commence at half past raxo'clock. »he Minister of lUD.ways invite, tended forth, 1 - „,- „ , A The City , J Coiuufl — invite ——. applications -n^-wauu, from uuiu qualified ^uwuin persons ireonsforthe for the position position of of city citv mining mining surveyor, surveyor, at at a I Ttesuccwsful appUcant I win be requirea tohold the certificate of the Muni- e cipal Surveyors B^ra 'lhe Utesl date for rcceiving aophcaaons u Eaturdty, the 17thinstant,at one d -o clock. Mr Thomas Bourgeon (son of the Bev, C. H. S geon) wilt preach in the Academy of Music next bun day evening, in celebration of Bev. W. Clark's settle d ment es pastor of the Baptitt Church. A gentleman (says the Geelong Advertiser} r at Jetilderie. witting to a friend a Qeeloug, mention a scare, which happened at the former township iust , prior to the last chapter in the Kelly tragedy, and I which has not yet found its way into priut. Borne boys pissing by thB bsnk there heard a dog barkin loudly, and a voice exclaim "I'm bailed-op.'" They took np the cry, whioh was passed from Dp to lip, a the intelligence was immedianly conveyed to the I police that tbe bank aras being stuck np by the Kellys. j b The guardians of the peace seized all the available g arms, and proceeded wiib despatch to the bank, expecting an encounter with the outlaws. An entrance r was ve y cautiously effected, and the manager, whom they expected to findunder the surveillance of the desperadoes, and wi h revolvers wwnMng his life, I g waa surprised at a game of chess with a friend, havi no more dangerous an antagonist than his opponent's king, whioh threatened a ohec&mata.; JCxplanatiotts, of course, followed, from wiich it appeared that the friend had been bailed np by the watchdog; and the troopers, after partaking of some light refreshments s departed. in no way regretting that11 hat bad been reported aa a serious bank robbery bad such a barmless termination. | t n The Goulburn (says the Age) has swelled to an •tlarmlng extent, and has overflowed its banks for a week, rendering traffic between Sheppartoo and I e Moorooona impossible. two men were nearly 1 drowned on Snnday They foolishly tried to reach bhepparton on horseback bom Mooroopna. One of them just saved his life by dinging to tbe branch of a tree. He was rescued by a party in a boat. The Boidigo Independent learns that a strik miners on a small scale has occurred in the Great f ng om also worked on thereof faces, eachof the lattwbrfn with'« experienced S d men worMnein the Uces SO* m^ Th. „i_ enty others. A meeting cf the Sandhurst n atiai committee w&l; be held in order to conriSSX matter As indicating (says tbe^«) the height to whioh al the Kelly feveTiise, we maf/taU that no SstC 18 tons weight of riper ww printod on in the^m offiM during last weefc ^ ^ h, . , ., „, iiiDther illustration (says the r<%«p4) of that Indomitable perseversnoe which has always character- d e feed the Me of the much respectedDean cf Melbourn ooOTrxed last Snnday, when he tad occasion to condnct divine service at Holy Mnity Church, Wil- I liamstown. Finding that if he journeyed by rail he would of necessity be some three or four minutes la -5? «°8»g8d a cab to convey him to the » village." t h a t r xamvme he was obliged to alight. Nothing daunted e towever, he Immediately started to walk to William town, a distance of fiveor six milea, which place h nltimately reapedin tune to iake part in the morntag service. This,for anold gentleman of eighty summers, ia something wonderful. ' A young woman named Mary Ann Hbgan, twenty years of age, whose parents re-Jde near Kyneton. ha been mis sing (says the Argus) for the past fived She had been staying with a person in Dowlnig j street awaiting a situation, and having obtained one tics she left on Wednesday evening to enter npon tbe I . dnties. Bhe his not tines been heard of, and it is of feared that she accidentally fall or walked into a hole e Tbe polios have been communicated with on the I atier. .1 . A special general meeting of the Melbourne Typographical Society was held (says the TeUgrapl\ -Saturday afternoon last, in the Temperance Hall, I Bussell street -The meetlug was called toconstaer an infringement on trade prinriples which bad occurred in connection with the BmSgo Adwrtfnr.Bandhui^ | After reviewingthe whtiequestion, tbe conduct oftoe oompanianehlp cf thflt paper wai approved of, and it was determined that they ehonld receive substantial support from the trade. \- I Messrs Lalor and Bees(says the GeeUmgAdeer y opened the politicil campaign in Grant on baturdav j -ening last,^ in the SUto school, Little Biver, when ' ey addressed about rightyof thjrir late constituents. e' voteof eonfideooe was earned by a considerable 'janty. I Tbe following letter annealed in TBH±ard»v'« An,-1 agaio. He is reported to have given, what he calls, a det-ial ! tothe statement whioh be made to tbe wtnlfin sen's deputation on the 26th April, viz., that the£ I could -live in tents on half oflfls a wrt.and be oomforUtla." If anyone will read carefully what Mr Service said npon that question be wUl see that he di ni-tdeny, - ^ g m»3e \- - this - state- j «nd What be did was to repeat the well-known I p a worn-out trick of every Jesuitical logician, who I r find£_himsslf^oornered, «.Mr Service Not being able to deny having made a the statemoot, with any chanoe of retaining hfs character for trathfolcess, he puts np another Statement, very mnoh like the original to' a aqpttfioltl reader, bnt fa reality radically different. denies having made this' substiteted statemwit, and cballangae anyone to say that he did. snider pain of being called a Bar. Kr Service eaya he never stated (hat Ss a weak was so **gae fa «-working man. Hobofly that 1 am aware of has ever Said that he did. What he did say wa a«t they ought to 'Ova in a tent on half 10s a week . and be oorilortabl&* If Mr Service denies fifta I •gtementa, having as manyehades^emblana 2 (te realone aa the one need at MeHon, it win«it effect the Issue In the leait Be mnat deny the state uwnt he did make. K he can, not stateme^s which nobedy charges him wfth making, b«t which he tactured for the occasion. The man of straw. «rp fa the purpose of being koocfad down, is too o n • derfce to be suooewfullynsedwith effect npon this eccatien. Seme mon Jesuitioal device winkaVBto be resortedto unless he U prepB^ITL^tl^ly hcneatconruLrif «.. I t hotel, at eight CbloA. MesEra Bichardaon, Sainabury,' ey, and Taylor T, wIB' meet,the eleotors oi Cre»wl<* : at Oormiok's r boteL , Oe«n, thb evening, at seven o'clock ; and aftenrarde •tae^BookyW., & ,- , T £lectore favocableto the candUatnre Mr B. M. Wi fltet stmt, Uda evmdsg, at «lgiit oUook,to •u^jMitttwrallTC anIMS yram«aniA. farUy coptest SrSe^qant wiUaddreea the elacfanat Haddnn eext Saln3«r«mtaL Orawick, _ temrianat rttS! SMuI'jSf n t l t U b t Taylort: , aittlieHw&iOianrickj; stsevenoUocfc The .fc toe^Camiwranw^Hal ,andToes- > for Gren- ] •'dock; at famine betel, Scaredale, at six o'clock; ana «t tbe Hechaate* Hall, Bmyihasdale, at eight ottMk. " e, Messrs James and Eusaen will address the elector of Ballarat East in the Town Hall, fiarklystreet, nex fUday evening, at eight o'clock. ?he chair will te occupied by Br J. Ferguson. e We an requested to state that Mr B. M Lewis w hold bis firstsale to-morrow at his martin Armstron street, with as asserted stcck of groceries, pictures, furnitur >, waggonette billiard table, &c.; a The fcalf-yearlymeeting cf the Australitn Vatiras' Association will be held at Craig's hotel this evening at eight o'.lock. Tbe monthly meeting of tbe Ballarat Horticultarsi Society wil' take place in the .Mechanics' Institute, Start street, this r vedng, at half- past seven o'clock. s- A meeting of all persons interested in the Cowlin e Forest ansnU ploughing match wiH be held at the Mount Blcwhard hotel next Friday evening at seven -o'clock, to decide when the match will be bell, arrange the prise list, and receive applications frrm those who may have land suitable for holding a matc on. as A meeting of miners at Waterloo and Beaufort wil be held this evening at the Richmond hotel at half-pa seven o'clock to form a branch cf the Amalgamated Miners'Association, and delegates from Ballarat will . attend to deliver addresses. , A meeting cf all persons interested in the Bungsre n- Dean and Warrenhelp Brumal ploughing match will be held at the Warrenheip hotel, Leigh Greek, next s Thursday evening, at half-past seven, to consider im d poitant business. ed 