TALES FROM ' BLACKWOOD.' THE HAUNTED AND THE HAUNTERS : i OR, THE HOUSE AND THE BRAIN. KWBNIi of mine, who is a man of letter* and a philosopher, said tu me tuie day, uo if between jest and earnest, — ' Fancy '. since we hut ji.et, 1 liave discovered a haunted !«ouse in the midst of London.' '' lieally haunted I— and by what ? — ?' Well, I can't answer those questions nil I know is this — six weeks ago I and niy wile were in search ot a furnished ;i[.-ari- mont. Passing a quiet s.reet, we biiw on tho window of one ot t':»u houses a liii. ' Aiiartmonia Furnished. ' Tl.e situatiui. suited us : ive entered tlie Louse — ltkct' the roonu — sn-ragi!ul tliam liy tho w«ok— and left them tho third day. No power on uarch could have reconciled my wife to stay longor : and 1 don't wondur at it' ' What did you see V ' Excuse me — 1 have no desire to be ridiculed as it. Biij-ersliiious drua-uiei' — nor, on the other hand, could I ask you to ac cept on my affirmation what you would hold to be incredible without the evidence of your own souses. Let me only say this, it was not so much wliat we saw or heard (in which you might fairly suppose that we were the dupes of our own excited fancy, or the victim of imposture in others) they drove us away, as it was an (indefinable terror which seized both of us whenever we passed by the door of a cer tain unfurnished room, in which we neither saw nor heard anything. And tVe strangest marvel of all was, that for once in uiy life I agreed with my wife, silly Woman though she be — and allowed, after t:io third night, that it was impossible to stay a fourth in that house. Accordingly, on the fourth morning I summoned the woman who kept the house and attended on us, and told her the rooms did not quite suit us, and we would not stay out our week. She said, dryly, ' I know why ; you have stayed longer than any other lodger. Few ever stayed a second night ; none before you a third. But I take it they have been very kind to you.' ' ' They— who f I asked, affecting a smile. ' ' Why, they who haunt the house, whoever they are. I don't mind them : I remember them many years ago, when I lived in this house, not as a servant ; but I know they will be the death of me some day. I don't -care^-I'm old, and must die soon anyhow ; and then I shall be with them, and in this house still.' The woman epoke with so dreary a calmness, that really it was a sort of awe that prevented my conversing with her a^urther. I paid for my week, and too rjfcppy were I and my wife to get off so You excite my curiosity,' said I ; ' nothing I should like better than to sleep in a haunted house Pray give me the address of the one which you left so ignomimously.' My friend gave me the address ; and when we parted, I walked straight to wards the house thus indicated. It is situated on the north side of Ox ford Street, in a dull but respectable thoroughfare. I found the house shut np — no bill at the window, and no response to my knock. As I was turning away, a beer-boy, collecting pewter pots at the neighbouring areas, said to me, ' Do you want any one at that house, sir t'* ' Yes, I heard it was to be let' ' Let : — why, the woman who kept it is dead — has been dead these three weeks, and no one can be found to stay there, though Mr. J ? offered ever bo much. H«s oiftired mother, who chars fur hhn £1 a -Week just to open and shut the windows, ond she would not' ' Would not '.—and why T ' The house is haunted ; and the old woman who kept it was found dead in her bed, with her eyes wide open. They say the devil strangled her.' ** Pooh ! — you Bpea.lt of lit J ? . Is he the owner of the house V '? Yes.' ' Where does he live V ' la G ? Street, No. — . ' ' 1\ hat is he J— in any business i' 'Kb, sir— nothing {articular ; a single gentleman.' ? ? ? : ? ~ ? ' ? 4^ . ? ^-j* -. }-:«: ^ - -_ . ' - i gav^ tlie uoWwy the grafauw earned 1^ hie UWtultof^roaaon, and.: Receded to Mr. j — -—gm®-^§^mm&i; **** was close by the -»treet that t-oasted the jiaunted house. I was lucky enough to find Mr. l-?:'*:'-# ^uU^-mmdaiy »nan, with intelligent - countenance and jirapcsseseing manners. py. ' i^I . . ^f*^yy»pnt«^f^ my ^lairy* aim' iny tmsi non frankly. I said I heard the house was coneidered to be haunted— that I had a strong desire to examine a house with bo oqoivocal c reputation— that 1 ebould 'be greatly obliged if he would allow fine jto Fire it, though only for a uight I was willing to pay for that privilege whatever he m^ht be inclined to ask. 'Sir/' said Mr. J- ? , with great courtesy; 4itiie house is at your service, for a ahort or as long a time as you pleased Bent is out of the question — the oblicration will be on my side should you be able to discover the cause of the strange phenomena which at present deprive it of all value. I canuot let it, for 1 cannot even get a servant to keep it in order or answer the door. Un luckily the house is haunted, if I may use that expression, not only by night, but by day ; though at night the disturbances are of a more unpleasant, and sometimes of a more alarming character. The poor old woman who died in it three weeks ago was a pauper whom I took out of a workhouse, tor, in her childhood she had been known to some of my family, and had once been in good circumstances that she had rented that house of my uncle. She was a woman of superior education and strong mind, aud was the only person I could ever induce to remain in the house. Iudeed, since her death, which was sudden, and the coroner's inquest, which gave it a notoriety in the neigh bourhood, I liave so despaired of finding any person to take charge of it, much more a tenant, that I would willingly let it, rent-free for a year to any one who would pay its rates and taxes. ' ' How long is it since the house ac quired this sinister character ?' ' That I can scarcely tell you, but very many years since. The old woman I spoke of said it was haunted when she rented it between thirty and forty* years ago. The fact is, tliat my life has been spent in the East Indies, and in the civil service of the Company. I returned to England last year, on inheriting the fortune of an uncle, amongst whose possessions was the house in question. I found it shut up and uninhabited. 1 was told that it was haunted, tliat no one Would inhabit it I smiled at what seemed to me so idle a story. 1 B;-eut urns money in repainting and tvopug it ~ added to -5*2 -£l* fpshioiied furnitures few modem articles — advertised it, and obtained a lodger for a year. He was a colonel retired on half -pay. He came in with his family, a son and a daughter, and four or five serviUita : tiny all loft t!u i.ousc the next day ; and, although tVoy deponed that they had all seen something different, that something was i-.juit^^ terrible to all. I really could not iu con science sue, or evun blaitu;, the colonel foi breach of agreement. Then 1 jjut in t].t old woman I Imve spoken of, and she woe empowered to let the house in apar: raenta. I never luul one lodger wh- stayed more than three days. 1 tl-- no tell you their stories — to no two lodgeu have there been exactly the same pheno mena rej-eated. It is better that you should judge for yourself, tlian enter tlit house with an imagination influenced by previous narratives ; only be prepared to seeandtohuarsouietiiingor other, audiaki whatever precautions you yourself please ' ' Have you never had a curiosity yourself to pass a night in that house t' ' Yes. 1 passed not a night, but thitx hours iu broad daylight alone in thai house. My curiosity is not satistied, bu, it is quenched. 1 have no desire to renew the experiment You cannot complain, you see, sir, tliat I am not sufficiently candid ; and unless your interest be ex ceedingly eager and your nerves unusually strong, I honestly add, that I advise you hot to jmss a night in that house. ' ' My interest is exceedingly keen,' said I, 'and though only a coward will boast of liis nerves in situations wholly un familiar to him, yet my nerves have been seasoned in such variety of danger that I liave tho light to rely on them — even in a haunted house.' Mr. J ? said very little more ; he took the keys of the house out of his bureau, gave them to me, — and, tlumking him cordially for his frankness, and Ub urbane concession to iny wish, I carried oil' my prize. Impatient for the experiment, us soon as I reached home, I summoned my confidential servant — a young man of gay spirits, fearless temper, and as free from superstitious prejudice as any one I could think of. ' F ? ,' said I, ' you remember in Germany how disappointed we were at not finding a ghost in that old castle, which was said to be haunted by a head less apparition ' Well, I liave heard of a house in London which, I liave reason to hope, is decidedly haunted. I mean to sleep there to-night From what I hear, there is no doubt tliat something will allow itself to be seen or to be heard — some- thing, perhaps, excessively horrible. Do you think, if I take you with me, I may rely on your presence of mind, whatever may happen f* ' Oh, sir ! pray trust me,' answered F ? , grinning with delight ' Very well ; then here are the keys of the house — this is the address. Go now, — select for me any bedroom you please ; and since the house has not been in habited for weeks, make up a good fire — air the bed well— see, of course, that there are candles as well as fuel. Take with yo\i my revolver and my dagger — bo much for my weapons — arm yourself equally well ; and if we are not a match for a dcaaa ghosts, we shall be but a sorry couple of Englishmen.' I_w*s engaged for the rest of the day on business so urgent that I luul not. leisure to think much on the nocturnal adventure to which I had plighted my honour. I dined alone, and very late, and while dining, read, as is iny habit The volume I selected was one of Macaulay's Essays. I thought to myself that I would take the book with me ; there was so much of healthfulness in the style, and practical iife in the subjects, that it would serve as an antidote against the influences of superstitious fancy. Accordingly, about half-past nine, I put the book into my pocket, aud strolled leisurely towards the haunted house. I took with me a favourite dog, — an ox seedingly sharp, bold, and vigilant bull- j turner, — a d-g foud of prowling ab-iiit strange gh.^sily corners and passages at night in search of rats — a dog ?-{ dogs for % ghost It was a summer night, but chilly, the sky somewhat gloomy and overcast Still there was a moon — faint and sickly, but still a moon — and if the clouds permitted, after miduiglit it would be i brighter. ; I reached the house, 'knocked, and my servant opened with a cheerful smile. ' ''-=*? AM right; ^, and very -^f6rtabW' :*$-!% Vk^^L i, tBfcerr disappointed ; ' have you not seen nor beard anything reiiisrkitUer' :- ^j.-?1 ^s-S! '^~* -????'? ^^?'^(^Srjr^* own I hare heard 3t 1Kb sonnd yf feet pattering behind me ; and once of twice small noises tike whispers close at ray ear^-noihing more.' i 'You are not at all frightened i' ! ; 'II not a te of it, «:f* and the man's j bold look reassured me on one point — | viz., that, happen what might, he would : not desert me* t We were in the hall, the street-door i dosed, and niv attention was now drawn to my dog He had at first run in eagerly enough, but had sneaked back to the . door, and win scratching and whining to ' get out After patting him on the head, and encouraging him gently, the dog seemed to reconcile himself to the situa- i tion, and followed we and F ? through the house, but keeping close at my heels instead of hurrying inquisitively in advance, which was his usual and normal habit in all strange places. We first visited the subterranean apartments, the kitchen and other offices, and especi ally tile cellars, in which hut there were two or three bottles of wine still left in a bin, covered with cobwebs, and evidently, by their appearance, undisturbed for many years. It was clear that the ghosts were not winebibbers. For the rest we dis covered nothing of interest There was a gloomy little backyard, with very liigh walls. The stones of this yard were very damp ; and what with the damp, and what with the dust aud smoke-grime on the pavement, our feet left a slight im pression where we passed. And now ap peared the first strange phenomenon wit nessed by myself in this strange abode. I saw, just before me, the print of a foot suddenly form itself, as it were. I stopped, caught hold of my servant, and pointed to it In advance of tliat footprint as sud denly dropped another. We both saw it I advanced quickly to the place ; the foot print kept advancing before me, a small footprint — the foot of a cliihi : the im pression was too faint thoroughly to dis tinguish the shape, hut it seemed to us botli that it was the print of a naked foot Tliis phenomenon ceased ivhen we arrived at the opposite wall, nor did it repeat it self on returning. We remounted the stairs, and entered the rooms on the ground floor, a dining parlour, a small back-i-arlour, and a still smaller third room that had boon yrt%b&uly; apttroyiria.t-sd to ?a^ootuiah^-all still as death. 'W e then visited the drawing-rooms, wluch seemed fresh and new. In the front room I seated myself in an arm-chair. F ? placed on the table the candlestick with wlu'ch he had lighted us. I told him to shut the door. As he turned to do so, a chair opposite to me moved froiii the wall quickly and noiselessly, and dropped itself about a yard from my own cliair, in) medi ately fronting it ' WTiy, this is better than the turning tables,' said I, wiih a half laigh ; and as I laughed, my dog {-ut back liis head aud howled. F ? , coming back, had not ob served the movement of the chair. Ho employed himself now in stilling the dog. I continued to jraze nu the chnir, and fancied I saw on it a juile blue mist}- out line of a human figure, but on outline sc indistinct that I cou;d o-ily distrust my own vision The dog now vjib qiiiu. 'Put back that c!iair oppos^e to mo,' sai-1 1 to F ? ; ' put it bjck to t!.i wall.' F ? obeyed. ' Was tliat you, sir ?' said he, turning abruptly. ' I '.—what ?' ' Why, something struck roe. I felt it eharnly on the shoulder — just here. ' ' No,' said L ' But wo have jugglers present, and though we may not discover their tricks, we shall catch tuek before they frighten uti.' We did not stay long in the drawing rooms — in fact, they felt so damp and so chilly that I was glad to get to tho fire up stairs. We locked the doors of the drawing-rooms — a precaution which, I should^, observe, we had taken with all the rooms we had searched below. The bedroom my servant had selected for mo was the best on the floor — a large one, with two windows fronting tho street The four-posted bed, which took up no inconsiderable space, was opposite to the lire, which burned clear and bright ; a door in the wall to the left., between the bed and the window, communicated with the room which my servant appropriated to himself. This last was a email room with a sofa-bed, and had no communica tion with the landing place — no other door but that which conducted to the bedroom I was to .occupy. On either side of my fireplace was a cupboard, without locks, flushed with the wall, and covered with the same dull-brown paper. We oxauiin d .these cupboards —only hooks to suspend female dresses — nothing else ; we sounded the walk— evidently solid — the outer walls of the building. Having finished the survey of these apartments, wanned my self a few moments, and lighted my cigar, I then, still accompanied by F ? , went forth to complete my reconnoitre. In the landing-place there was another door ; it was closed firmly. ' Sir,' said my servant, in surprise, '* I unlocked this door with all the others when I first came ; it cannot have got locked from the inside, for it is a ? ' Before he had finished Iiib sentence, the door, which neither of us then was touching, opened quietly of itself. We looked at each other a single instant The same thought seized both — some human agency might be detected here. A small blank dreary room without furniture — a few empty boxes and hampers in a corner — a small window — the shutters closed — not even a fireplace — no other door but that by which we had entered — no carpet on the floor, and the floor seemed very old, uneven, worm-eaten, mended here and there, as was shown by the whiter ; atchess on the' wood ; but no living being, and no visible place in which a Irving being could have hidden. As we stood {razing round, the door by which we had entered closed as quietly as it had before opened : we were imprisoned. For the first time I felt a creep of un deSnable horror. Not so mj servant ' Why, they don't think to trap us, sir ; I could break that trumpery door with a kick of my foot ' ' Try first if it will open to your hand,' said I, shaking oS the vague apprehension that had seized me, ' while I open tie ^?.utters and see what is without I unbarred the shutters — the window l.Kiked on t'.e little back-yard I liave be fore describe - ; t ere was no lijdge v i fl out — nothing but she-jr descent No man getting oat of that window would have found any footing till he had fallen on the stones below. F ? , meanwhile, was vainly at tempting to open the door. He now turned round to me, and asked my per mission to use force. And I should bete : r state, in justice to the servant, that, far ? ' bom evincing any superstitious terrors, ' his nerve composure, and even Ksiety amidst circumstancce go extraordinary, jr^fy^A^lw^ ^jny iiiTKw*T^tlffBiA and jsade' ine ^n^atulate myself oil having secured a companion to every way fitted to the occa jion. '^ I ijrillingly gave him the permission lie required. But though he was a re markably strong man, his force was as idle as his milder efforts ; tl.e door did not even sha' e to liis stautaet kick. Sreatbless and ptiiiting, he desisted. I then tried the door tayself, equally in vain. As I ceased from the ciTort, again that creep of horr jr come over me : but this time it was m ire cold and stubborn. I felt sis if some strange and gliastly ex halation were rising up from Dm el in' * «f tliat ragged floor, and filing the atmos poere with a venomous influence : -*n*t? to human life. The door now very slowly and quietly opened as of its own accord. We prucipi'.aied ourselves into the land ing-place. We both saw a large {tale light — as large as the human figure, but sliape less and substantial — move V-i.irc- us, mid ascend the stairs that led from the lauding into the attics. I followed the light, and my servant followed me. It entered, to the right of the lauding, a email garret, of which the door stood open. I entered in the same instant Tile light then col!a|«cd into a small globule, exceed ingly brilliant and vivid ; rested a moment on a bed in the corner, quivered, and vanished. We approached the bed and examined it — a half-tvster, such as is commonly found in attics devoted to ser vants, On the dratvurs that stood near it we perceived an old fadod silk kerchief, with the needle still left iu a rent half re paired. Tiie hcrchii-f was covered with dust ; probably it had belonged to the old woman who had last died ia that house, and this might liavu becu her sleejiing room. I lia'l sufficient curiosity to open the drawers : there were a few odds aud ends of female dress, and two letters tied round with a narrow ribbon of faded yellow. I took the liberty to possess my self of the letters. We found nothing else in the room worth noticing — nor did the light reapjioar ; but we distinctly heard, as we turned to go, a nattering footfall on the floor — just before us. We went through the other attics (in all four), the footfall still preceding us. Nothing to be seen — nothing but the footfall heard. 1 had the letters in my hand : just as I was descending the stairs 1 distinctly felt my wiist seized, and a faint soft effort made to draw the letteoa from my clasp. I only held tUem the more tightly, and thctsllbrt ceased. We regained the bedchamber appropri ated to myself, and I then remake J ttiat my dog had not followed us when we liad left it He was thrusting himself close to the fire, and trembling. I was impatient to examine the letters ; and while I read them, my servant ojtened a little box in which he had deposited the weapons I. had ordered him to bring ; took them out, placed them on a table close at my bed head, and then occupied himself in sooth ing the dog, who, however, seemed to heed liim very little. The letters were short — they were dated ; the dates exactly thirty-five years ago. They were ertdently from a lover to .his mistress, or a husband to some young \«ife. Kot only the terms of ex pression, but a distinct reference to a former voyage, indicated the writer to have been a se^af.irjr. The spelling and handwriting wltb th-tse of a man iiapur fcctlyoducaiwJ, biit still the lan^iiii^ it self was forcible. In the expressions of endearment t'lOre was a kind of rough wild love ; but here aud there were dark unintelligible hints at some secret no', of Live — some secret tliat seemed of crime ' Wo ought to love each other,' was one of the sentences I remember, ' for how every one else would execrate us if all was known.' Again : ' Don't let any ouo in the same room with you at ni^ht — you talk in your sleep.' And again : ' What's done can't be undone ; and 1 tell you there's nothing against \ib unless the dead could come to life.' Here Mere was underlined iu a better handwriting (a female's), ' They do !' At the end of tho letter latest in date the same feinals hand liad written these words ; ' Lost at sea the 4th of June, the same day as I put down the letters, and began to muse over their contents. Fearing, however, that the train of thought into which I fell might unsteady my nerves, I fully determined to keep my mind in a fit state to ci-pe with whatever of marvellous the advancing night might bring forth. I rousod myself — laid the letters on the table — stirred up the fire, which was still bright and cheering — and opened my volume of Macaulay. I read Suietly enough till balf-iiast eleven. I leli threw myself dressed upon the lied, and told my sen-ant he might retire to his own room, b«t must keep himself awake. I bade lu'iu leave ujien t!ie door between the two rooms. Thus alone, I kept two candles burning on the table by my bed head. I p!iw-?d my watch beside tho weapons, and calmly resumed my Macaulay. Opposite to me the fire burned clear ; and on the hearth-rug, seemingly asleep, lay the dog. In about twenty minutes 1 felt an exceeding cold air pass by my cheek, like a sudden draught I fancied the door to my right, communicating with the landing- place, must have got open ; but no — it was closed. I then turned iny glance to my left, and saw the flame of the candles violenty swayed as by a wind. At the same moment the watch beside the revol ver enftly slid from the table — softly, softly — no visible hand — it was gone. I sprang up, seizing the revolver with the one hand, the dagger with the other : t was not willing tliat my weapons should share the fate of the watch. Thus armed, I looked round the floor — no sign «rf the watch. Three slow, loud, distinct knocks were now heard at the bed-head ; my ser vant called out, ' Is that you, sir .'' ' No ; be on your gaurd.' The dog now roused himself and sat on his haunches, his ears moving quickly backwards and forwards. He kept his eyes fixed on me with a look so strange that he concentred all my attention on himself. Slowly he rose up, all liis hair bristling, and stood perfectly rigid, and with the same wild stare. I 'had no time, however, to examine the dog. Pre sently my servant emerged from liis room ; and if ever I saw horror in the human face, it was then- I should not have recognised him had we met in the street, s ? filtered was every lineament He passed by me quickly, sayi'ig in a v.hUpur tlat seemed scarxey t- come Emm Ids tins, ' Bun — run ! ft is after me !' He gained the di»r to the laadinir, pulled it open, and rushed forth. I fol lowed him into the landing involuntarily, calling to him to atop ; but, without heeding me, he bounded down the stairs, clinging to the balusters, and taking several steps at a time. I heard, where I stood, the street-door open — heard it igain clap to. I was left alone in the haunted how. (to ex oosmar^D nr oca kexx.) 