{MitftUxiijr. THE TRAVELLER. THE AUSTRALIAN ABROAD. IN THE HOLY LAND. TBt James Hingbton.] No. I.—Land of the Obobs and the Cubse. (Continued.) We go out of camp and into the town, and look and loaf about Joppa, from which the start was not to be made until next morning. The men we see about wear white and brown striped ponchos, drawers that reach to the knee, and nothing thereafter until the red slippers are reached—always worn down at heel. The -women wear a yashmak, or face-covering, of -different shape and material to the Egyptians. Theirs is of one colour, and leave the'eyes -exposed. It is here a cotton print thing, and -quite covers the eyes. The wearer can see through it no doubt, but to me it looks as) om pletely blindfolding. I involuntarily get out of the wearer's way, as I do elsewhere out of that of a blind man and his dog. In the maiket-place are troops of camels and mules standing about The owners are in the -coffee sheds all around, seated cross-legged— Arabs, Turks, Egyptians, and Syrians—a very Eastern-looking scene, reminding one of a print ont of an old Bible. The coffee is thick black stuff, drunk without milk, and not palatable to os. The oranges of Joppa are veritable won ders for size—the biggest oranges ever seen in this world, and of the size of the largest tur nips. They are unexpectedly found to be very good, but one of them, similar to the egg of an -emu or ostrich, is quite enough at a time. 'Here, too, are the Syrian sheep, descendants of those of whom Scriptural readers know so much. They are of the heavy-tailed sort, and none the better for it in appearance or condi- - tion, No Eastern sheep that I saw would get favour in a cattle show, yet I looked at these here in Joppa with more respect than I ever looked on sheep before—these Bible sheep! As a suburb to Joppa is to be seen all that re mains of a village founded some years back by religious fanatics—from America, of all places in the world. They actually got it into their heads that the Jews were about to return to Palestine with the Messiah, and that it would -he a good thing to get established at the chief gateway of the country, now that the Oanal had cut off the overland route from Egypt. They came hither, and built a wooden village, and waited about and starved. Dwelling, as they did, amongst a strange people who lived upon next to nothing, it was just what was to be ex pected. The Messiah came not, and the Jews kept, wisely enough, in better lands. Save for charitable assistance and ultimate reshipment by ene of their countrymeu, then on a visit liere, they would have made a sad tragedy of -their: migration hither. Their deluding pro phet's fate I could not learn, but he had, no doubt, some way of explaining his mistakes, after the style of Dr. Gumming with his prophe cies of the ending of all things—periodically made—and of Baxter, in his selection of the -late Napoleon as " the destined monarch of the world." Joppa belongs to history of all kinds—ancient and modern. In addition to its Old Testament -connection with Jonah is its New Testament one with Peter's visit here and his strange vision. Here handy tome, in one of the narrow and steep streets, is shown the house of Simon the tanner, in which Peter lodged. Here he slept, and beard in his dream that thrice-re peated command as to things clean and unclean -that opened up to him a sort of free trade in food that Levitical laws had too much protected. 'When I came to see afterwards what a museum Home had made of itself by acquisition of notable things from all lands, the omission to get -this house removed to a city sacred to Peter <himseif seems to be in some sort an oversight. 2 draw Hassan's attention to that as I do to other things that I don't understand, the which ate sadly numerous. .Ho says that the removal would be all the more justified, inasmuch as Holy Borne has already got a house, that of the "Virgin down at Loretto, and called there the Santa Oasa, that was removed from its founda tions and taken supernatnrally in one night from this land. I shall see the spot whence the "removal took place when I get np to Nazareth. I watch his features when be tells me this, but -thete is no twinkle discernible in his eyes. He repeats such matters as part of bis business, and £8 a man of business his face is a blank.' Historians give to this Joppa a date that -carries its existence back long before the Flood. That is quite conceivable. The Flood would .sot have hurt these solid stone houses, but only 3iave washed them ont, and cleaned the streets of the dirty old place. Another flood is much •wanted here just now. To one of those rocks in -the roadstead, Strabo says that Andromeda was chained for exposure to the sea monster. The -chain was said to be visible there in Pliny's -time, but it is gone now. These Joppa people take no care of anything—like all Eastern folk. In modern history Joppa is like Acre, further up •the ceast, memorable for Bonaparte's siege of it \- in 1799. It stood three sieges in that century from Mamelukes, Arabs, and Frenohmen. Bona parte failed at Acre but succeeded here, and mercilessly massacred4,000 of the gallant Alba nian defenders of the place. It is one of the xnsnybloTB on the batcher-blackguard part of his iiistory. To massacre a lot of people for heroi cally defending their lives and belongings is of the vilest of deeds. Here is the honse where Dorcas lived, the good woman who made clothes for the needy and got her neighbours to help her, and left her name as lady patroness of all such charitable co-operative movements down to our time. I go into the honse of Dorcas and into that of Simon the tanner, and see how strangely they \- are neglected. There is no charge for admission, as there should be to such ahrlneB, and as there would be if another faith had power here, I . draw np and drink water ont of the ancient well of old Simon's honse, and go np to its flat roof and look oat to sea, and go inside and see the chamber where Peter slept and dreamed. "When Turkey's dominions are divided this land shonld be pnt np to auction, and Borne and holy Russia have chances of bidding for it. It is fall of places out of which any quantity of saintly ahrinea might he made, all now wasted by the heedless Syrians. Oar camp, in the graveyard, is situated on a hill-side, and we Bit in the door of our tent and look out at the blue waters of the Mediter ranean, and the pretty craft afloat thereon, at the troops of camels and mules departing on their up-country journeys and returning thence, and at strings of travel- stained pilgrims coming in from their Eastern^ pilgrimage to | Jerusalem, and their baptism in the Jordan | beyond. Our attention is distracted from these | to a funeral that comes to the very side of our j tents, where during our presence in the town a grave has been dug. It is very awkward having a newly made grave by one's bedside, and being only separated by canvas from a corpse. We see now the manner of a funeral of the Greek Church, and have our tents so thronged around by the mourners, that we begin pro perly to feel ourselves out of place here, and that our party, dragoman and all, ought to be kicked off the giound as intruders. The Greek priest wears a European-shaped chimney-pot hat, destitute of rim, and reads o er the grave a long and broad printed sheet having woodcuts at the four corners. "When finished with the reading be tears this sheet at each of the four sides, and deposits it on the breast of the corpse. No coffin was used. Only thin, white, cambric like wrappings enveloped the body, which was then let down into the gronnd, and the earth sprinkled upon it by the priest and the relatives of the deceased woman. The grave was then filled up. An oblong monument of rudely squared stones, about two feet in height, will be soon erected, like to those seen around. We feel none the happier with this newly made grave of the uncoffined corpse in our midst, but travellers, especially pilgrims, must be content. In this graveyard may repose, for aught we know, Simon the tanner himself, with Dorcas also, who iB the same as that Tabitba whom Peter came successfully hither to raise from the dead. She must have died at last, and been buried somewhere—and in this place most likely. Peter came to do that miracle across the plains from Lydda, a day's distance off, that we shall see on the up- country journey. We are reminded by the mention of the day a journey that ours of the next day is to be of ten hours'length. , . The horses that we are to bestride for many days and weeks are brought round for inspec tion. They look dismally unpromising, but quite in keeping with all surroundings. Decent animals and saddles would be out of place in poor- looking, antiquated Joppa. We go for a ride round the neigbbouiing orange groves, and make b11 sorts of discoveries of our ignorance of Syrian horses. We wonder at their continually throwing their heads back, and their unlimited stoppages. Getting off to look into the matter, ana their mouths, we find that they are ridden with a curb-bit that has hut one rein to it. That rein has to be held quite slack on one finger, and used only for stopping progress. A slap on one side of the neck is the approved way of turning a horse's head here. The stirrups have plates to tbem like to the pans of old fashioned fire shovels. The edges of these stir rups do spur duty, and have plenty to do in that way. ... , , , It is careless-looking riding to have such slack reins, and that over such stumbling roads as I find here. 1 want another bit than this curb one, but it is not to be had, and ! must do as others do, and adopt the fashions of the country. We therefore hitch the useless rein to the handle of the more useful umbrella, about the carrying of which no instruction is needed—so everlastingly is it with one as a sun ShThe orchards to the landward side of Joppa are worth, and well wortha visit. Fish newly taken from the water and cooked at its side, or in the fisherman's boat, have a different ajd better flavour to anything I ever got at a fishmongers hands. So have oranges when picked from tne tree, and the same may be noted of other fruits. To take a lot of these delicious small cauuon ball-sized orauges back to our camp would have needed a porter, or that arrangement of swinging them on a stick between two bearers, that we all remember to have seen in old Bible prints, adopted by the men who were bringing back the big bunch of grapes as a specimen of the good things of this land-or the part of it then called «' The Land of Promise." . ... The tents of our camp are guarded at night by a watch, changed as on shipboard every four hours-a matter that I discover by wandering out of the tent during the night to look at our encampment by moonlight. Sleep is not of long duration in this locality. There is too much of the barking of dogs and braying of.donkeys.for that. The horses, stalhon-like, fight and bite each other as often as they get a loose leg. In these scrimmages they interfere with the tent ropes in a way that helps to wake one. The Biaht of the camp by moonlight is a novel one, and I look at it admiringly frommy seat on the CdIn one emmMhe little Greek church, with its large porch of three arches, through which glisten the near Mediterranean's moonlit waters. The white tombstones are all round the whiter tents, which look but larger tombs seen a. a little distance, lho Arab muleteers are sleeping about orftbe bsgs of forage. A stillness, broken only by the sighing, soughing Bea, reigns wound, and there is that new y made grave with its scarcely cold tenant in it to giv„ solemnity to the quaint and Bomewhat weird ^Vliad thiougWi only to sleep in a churchyard for the long sleep that ends the story, and so got troubled dreams here, and no wonder. In these I find that Andromeda had got loose, and was running off with her chain, as likewise with Jonah. His whale, having disgorged him, had swallowed her menster, whom she called her "wretch," in his place. Simon the tanner, and not Peter, had come here to raise a dead woman, who appeared not to he Tabitha, but the one whom we bad that afternoon wsisted to bury. On being raised she came to the door of the tent to ask, strangely enongh. not for covering, hut fer a coffin, in which to hide from the restless ghosts of the Bonaparte - massacred jnSTwwoke me, only to find that little snails were crawling in companies over the pillow au^ counterpane. Our caps, hoots, and clothing were covered with their trails. The tent^pole bad a score or more sticking to it. They were tbaVing out of the umbrellas like peas—pretty white-shelled things, that conld onlybe outof place in a bedroom and in the lining of one s hat, which they particularly favoured. The heavy dew bad made the canvas of the touts quite wet, and damped our boots to an extent that made them troublesome to get into. The experience of that cold night in Joppa churchyard led to the purchase of an overcoat next day. From its antiquated cut and queer fit it was generally supposed to be a remanet of toe undbltributed gtpck of toe late Dorcas made up by her for charitable distribution. It got the (name of "Dorcas" for the rest of the journey. Useful it proved for many parpeses sometimes as a coat, often as a C0.a^ ,„pJ^i: and when a horse got thin and hisgirtolooseit served for padding as a saddlecloth. Asotten as not it was put on to keep the fierce scorching midday sun from roasting one a backbone. Among our fonr-footed companions were two donkeys, by no means the dullest of oar com pany. The propensity that one of them had. for vocalization got for him the name of " Balaam." He was possibly a descendant of that worthy's famous ass. Half a dozen times during the day, and as often daring the night, he raised his voice. There was a loud and clear discordance about it that waB not the least of our night troubles. When he began he seemed to be in no hurry to finish. His look and attitude during these orations were moBt comical, and especially so the curve of his tail. A dyspeptic member of our company was seen to smile on no other occasion. When we came to know our troubles more intimately, and found out what a toil it was that we had rashly undertaken, we looked upon this animal as a good fifth member of our little band, and as its fitting representative. We re garded him then with respect, and his vocal efforts as those of our herald or trumpeter. He was generally in fullest force when be saw company approaching. My horse fell lame on one occasion, and Balaam "had to be his substi tute. Encased in Dorcas, and mounted on that braying Balaam, I journeyed all day. He stopped every now and again to hold forth—he always came to a dead stop for that purpose, and then even the apathetic Arabs turned to look at the pair of us with much interest. 