f§-K3L\&$tnttAl$tVft. We are pleased to bear that arrangements are being made for floating a company to be called 'The fiwrfi%l QoAenslaod Heat Company,' whose object in tiw first instance will be to supply tbe Sydney and Melbourne maxfcefa^ Hmti^t eventually it u intended to extend its operations to tbe shipment of froaen meat to EUaope. The movementhas been taken np by Messrs. Tracers and living, and we hear thai Hie names of all the m fiuentialineuin Melbourne have already been subscribed to tbe project. Tbe provisional directory of tbe Pandora Sugar Company met on tbe 33rd July, at Mr. EL L. KbdinV office, when tbe following geuttemeu were present :-- Messrs. W. Mnnro (euairman), S. T. Morris, W. Allen. M-Gavin, G. Hetcher. J. Stewart, A- Meade, B. SharnleB, and R. L. Dibdin. After ibe minutes of the previous ruffling had been read and confirmed, a letter was read from Mr. A. Owen Jones, in which Hie writer made an offer to analyse tbe juice of Che near cane. The; Secretary was instructed to acknowledge tbe receipt of the letter wflb thanks. Mr. Morris and the Secretary (Mr. B. L. Dibdin) vere reqaofed to visit those shareholders who bad not yet signed tbe share list for the purpose of obtaining tfeeir sqmatnres and report tbe result at a meeting of the CooHmttee to be held next Friday. Tbe meeting then adjourned for a weea. Fbox tbe annual report of Mr. H. M. Chester, Police M.)™**rt». Thursday Island, for the year 1S79-S0. we learn that on the 3rd June last there wen eleven firms engaged on tbe pearl shell fishery as against thirteen at tbe date ot last report (April 24, 1879) ; but the apparent decrease is accounted for by tbe amalgamation of three firms into a joint stock company. There bas been an increase in the number of men and baste engaged, (be former being returned at 692, made up of the follow ing nationalities : Europeans (24), Malays and Asiatics (.S12J, Polynesians (320). Chinese (9). and Aborigmale (127). In ibe ifeknie-aer fishery tie number of men employed at the three stations (Barrier Beef, Murray Island and Darakyldana), during tbe last year was ?09. Tbe return states that no pearls were exported in 1S79-S0, but on the other hand we are informed tbat 418 tons 18 cwt. of pearl-shell (live) were exported, of tbe estimated value of £138 per ton ; 3 tons 14cwt of pearl-shell (dead) ; and 50 tons 16 cwt. 1 quarter and 10rbe.ofbecbe-de-mer. valued at from £40 to £90. Ok Wednesday afternoon Mr. Bjerley, Ibe engineer of (be fctnoy Bridge, bad tbe satis faction of witnessing the successful completkm of ibe ironwork required for that important undertaking, tbe last of the girders hiring been fixed shortly after three o'clock. This work has occunied three days leas time than Mr. Byerley had estimated, so tbat it will be seen the operations are owng prosecuted with eonsiderable vieour, and a due regard to economy. Theplankingwin eoonbecommenced at tbe north end of tbe bridge, and yesterday men were employed in painting the chains and cylinders. Tbe ballasting of the centre pier has been completed, and we have not heard tbat it has in any way interfered with tbe current or is at. all likely to affect tbe security of tbe banks or of the frontages to the wharves. In another month's time it is conjectured tbat great uiumme will have been made with tbe planking, and tbat only a comparatively snort period win be after warOB required to complete tbe whole work. Me- LTCstiuxgs, tbe aeronaut, was to have made an ascent in a balloon from tbe Exhi bition grounds, Bowes Park, on Saturday afternoon, and * large crowd of people assem bled at three o'clock for the run-pose of wit nessing Dk novel sight. They were, however, as tbe Coarier says, fated to disappointment One of tbe casometers at tbe gasworks had been spscudly fiUedand heavily weighted with iron, but the distance from Bowen Park, and tbe consequent friction along so lengthy a pipe, made it impossible to get much pressure to assist the inflation, and the consequence was tbe project had to be abandoned. Our contemporary says it eeeme probable -bat if as ascent is to be made Ibe point of departure win have to be Petrie's Bight, so tbat the balloon may be brought as close as possible to the gasometer. The Tdeynph, writing on tbe afternoon the ascent wm to have been made, said :— We —?«— -t»~l that oar local rooming contesajMrary the Owner has made arrange ments for a special reporter to accompany the baUoomst this afternoon in his aerial trip, and give a full, true, and nsrtirnlar amount, of all that is, of coarse. 3 be lira. toteUtbe tale. We hope and tnut Ibe unfortaaate anedal'a lOe insurance policy will not he vitiated by ttaiextaansk. Mosnart: Oteraa- conteiaa the CsBewine special telegrams, dated London July 23 :—& a- stated Oat Turkey objects to cede to Montenegro tbe atrip of territory whs* was adjudged to he faanded over by the Con ference. In tbe event of Turkey refnaSag a* comply witb tbe final demand about to be made, the squadron of the Powers will ntn ceedtoexlnJaiitin and commence bostOrtia at once. It baa been decided tbat English and EVeach admirals ahan be placed in com mand of tbe squadron formed to enforce oa Turkey a compliance with tbe tieaty. Tbe English and French Beets will couseqaarUy lead the van in case of hostilities commencing. We have received a copy of tile first issue of tbe JUrcbir Fm Pmx oW Pkmtxr Aim OTfe, which is to be published biweekly for a limited liability compmy. It u ufulUsinsd newspaper of 28 columns, ami judging from tbe excellence of the matter contained u tbe issue before us and its general get- up, we are justified in believing that tbe new venture will prove a valuable addition to tbe press «f northern Queensland. The Bodgtmom Jtonaw AVks at July 17 appeared in a very incomplete form, a single pare; but it is explained that this was owmg to tbe plant having bessM seized under a Supreme Court writ far tbe % Bum of £254 IDs.; being tbe amount of the r judgment and costs against tbe defendant in tbe libel action HamOtou e. Boyett, reonlly tried.— The Oorrn Ommck aad JKafrraw imiMcr faatt been issued* tne pmninm w-wiK Messrs. Bhode and Co., formerly of Ibe Pait Dotgtos Gazette. The oesr paper promises weU, and has a good show of advertisementa. A arcenHD of the numbers of the Chamber of Commerce was held Wednesday afternoon at tbfi Ocmi-Cu ChwiDerSy whuu there vceb pw* sent .-—Captain Hunter (chairman), Messr*. Fox, Macpherson, Ferguson, Wilson, Wool, H. Jones, Lrvennore, Walton, Cooper. Schmidt and Jackson (secretary). The Chairman said that at the meeting last week the Committee was requested to revise the roles, and ibis meeting was called to confirm Ibe rules as so reviseo. The Secretary then read Ibe rules senafina, and Ibe Chairman moved that they be adopted. Mr. Fox said he thoughtthe arbitration dausesliouldbe naueu binding as possible, and tbat there should faa added at the end of it the words 'and that it be made a rule of the Supreme Court.' The Chairman did not think the meeting could go into that matter, tbe nwHing baring been called to confirm tbe rules. Mr. Macdermott said that what Mr. Fox wanted would be in dnded in the terms of the reference. After a little farther discussion Mr. Fox admitted that what he desired wonU be provided for in tbe xaDmission, and seconded Ibe notion made by ibe Chairman for the adoption of the rules, which was nnaninwudy agreed to. It was then ordered that 300 copies be printed and circulated among the numbers of Ibe chamber, after which tile meeting terminated1. AmxDEB to the report of tbe Police Magja tzate at Thursday t^''- is a ^wnwwi^HtT'^r1 received by Mr. Cheater from Captain Fenae fatherof theQ.G.B. Pearf, relating the result of an official visit paid by tbe latter to Mnraay Island fortbepurpose of maturing into certain cases of aueged flaggntteff ncu and women by the teachers of tbe Coodon Missisnary Society ; and if tbe information anon which Captain fVnnefatiirrbaigt his report is true ft would seem that an imnvriiatp necessity exists for the better euperviaiai ol the island. The document aays tbat two women and fear young men had recently been flogged, and that the teacher *' Josiah ' confessed to having ordered tbreeof the boys to beflogged ' because they had passed aome jokjug remark ahout his having taken a boat's crew of women on the reef with him to fish.' There was no harm in ' Josiah ' taking his dusky female friends witb him to fish; but it was rather provoking perhaps to be teased about it. Still the offence was not eo heinous that tbe boys .should suffer Ibe penalty of beine 'triced op to a fence and severely flogged Another young fellow appears to have fallen out with a yoang woman for aome reason or other, and ' pulled her hair,' a very unmanly thing to do no doubt. At allerenn ?'Joaiah' thought Bo. and tbe result was that the offender was 'flogged most brutally with a stiagaree's tail;' the wounds produced being still fresh when the 'Pearl' was at ibe Islands. Mr. Pennefather, referring especially to this case makes the observation that, 'judging from the way in which Ibe stripes bad been laid on, I should say ttw Sagger was well qualified for a baatsminV mate's berth on board a aun-of-w.' Other cases of flcigpiE are reported, hot Ibere ap pears a doubt as to whether *' Josiah ' or ibe Chief, 'Barry,' gave orders for the punisb meut to be inflicted; but Mr. PeBnefaiher says, ' from what I learnt, not only from tbe natives but from whites and South Sea Islanders engaged in the beche-de-tner fishery on this island, tie teacher, Josiah, is most arbitrary and despotic in fas rale ; ' and 'men, women, and children are flagged severely far the mast trivial offence*.' To make matters wsrse, we are told Hut no young man can get a wife— very hard Una indeed in such a driightfn) country— without teacher ' Josiah* * permissioD ; ami the hardship is tbe more intensified hiA all the marriageable young ladies on Msrjajr Island are kept to the won; of drudges around*, the mission house during ibe day, and locked'' up together when mght comes on in one of tbe mission bouses tin daylight Captain Peunefather gave tbe natives towtdentaan1 that neither the teacher nor any one eke had power to flog ?than, and he alto extended a wort of warning to 'Jonah,' telling him he should get into (rouble if he attempted to flog anyone else. It is to be bopelthat he wffl' bear Una in mind ; aad it may be just as well that tike uatoas asd, we tear, often over worked, agents of Ibe London Missionary Society in these waters «houU represent to tbe parent aseiaty Ibe necearity which exisa far closer aupervision over half- civilised 'mnge]uiB,n3«be aaanion work is to be of any permanent advantage. ?Baas Cttuitr of July 33rd says :— The Hon.CH.Bazacotthas consented to accept (be ponton of trustee to the ifeeensfamd ICwm. We believe thal^whUe the tastee ?hip wStt not entail modi work an Mr. Bniacott, his presence in the administration of the rnsrrtntion will be of very great advantage. + Thb net valuation of the property com prised in the Belysndo Division has ban asssrard at £29,294 9b. 3d., and the Baud bat ttaolved to strike a rate of Is. in the £, tbe same being made doe and payable on Jaly 19. b has also been decided that the Bond shall tike over the whole of the Government plant previously in me in Die district, upon a fair lmlaitirai Fawn a petition presented to Parliament by Mr. Samuel Hmton, chairman of the Springsure Marsupial Baud, we lam flutrae tbe Marsupials Destruction Act au into operation there have been no leu than 94,902 kangaroos and wsllsroos and 93,436 wallabies and paddoradoas paid for in the Springsure district ; and Mr. Hmton atafes that '? results most pleasing have acened Cram the working of tbe Act in renovated pastures throughout the district' The petitioner adds that to reader the atastractKm of maEsapials more complete, ttu af paramount importance Hut any future aa Act whose operations are comnolaory throughout the whole country. The Omraaal Gazette of tbe 24th instant wmtahm the fallowing appointment and awtincatioas. Sereeant PairoL-MiiUan to be Acting Cterfc of Htettv Sessnns at Yaamba, in the room of Senior-constable A. Hagaity. traasftrrrri. Tender, are called for the ctuoth 01 ontt mm dredge punts from Upper Flats, Fiteroy Biver, to Port Douglas; for tfae amply of 200 tons of best coaltat Port Douglas ; for building a new dingy for the dredge Bremer; for the supply of all mfaTial. except wire, inenlataea, and inn tMaes, md m»m IcwiM—hip on tiie tpl'jli iis*i Biiimi from Enlo to *Vi1'*r*Tiii*if^**1. frosi Hackall to the Thompson « Isisford, and boss ftntnai* to tiie DiamaBBiaa via Bfattsr. burraand Winton. Ak aborigmal named 'Louise' was token to tile Hospital on Monday by the Police, ?ufferimr from annmberof eerere eats on the body, which she e»id had been inflicted upon her ty her husband. It appears that (be had beeadoing aome vork on Saturday last for Mr. Donald Mscpheraon, and had received aome money in payment for tie same. Her baaband having discovered this tried to in duce her to give lite money to him, and opoa her refusal to da so, he toofe out a knile be bad in his possession and hacked the woman about in a horrible fashion, her akin being Ingulf ully lacerated, and her body covered with blood. She found her w*y to Mr, MacpheoonV yard, and was accommodated on the premises until Monday, when Mr. Pogh gave the police an order (or bet removal to the Hospital. We are told that there were no witnesses to the wonodinR, beyond the parties themselves, aad it is not likely that any proceedsnes can be taken ?garnet the UackfeuowwSii any hopes of A mab named Prank Taylor alias Tin Wffljams, has been brought up at Blaekall charged with the etnbezzteaient of a tm of ffffO^rffmginc to a co-partnership, which bad arisen under the following ensmastanaes :— Donaid Cameron, baker, deposed that be was in partnership with Antonio Dodos as a baker and cook, and it was arrangged that the part nership should coatinae onu after the BlsckaU races. A few weeks ago, however. Dodos sold oat to tbe defended, who was to he the shop man, receive the mouev, and divide it every Sunday. Instead of doing tins be kept tile money, and abort three o'clock on the mora ing of tbe 6th July be took hia departure from Hackall without having given tbe least notice of his intention so to do, and taking all the funds with jura. Constable Byrne proved arresting prisoner near Douglas Bonds, and that heToand £37 7s. 3d. in fan pockets. He was remanded for eight days. 4 The new arrivals from the mother country by tbe ship Windsor Castle, were all safely landed at the A.S.N. Company's wharf from Che ateam-tog Fiteroy, the landing being ?TJrtrri I17 t iirtiHim-rit of the police onder Senior-Sergeant Meldram, who did service in keeping the energetic spectator on (he wharf bom crowding too closely. Dr. Salmond (Health Officer) risited tbe vessel on Saturday, .od the .anal inspection proving satisfactory pratique waa granted. The voyage from Flymooth was made in ninety-one days, auul proved an agreeable one, ne weather tsioMotei^bemglaaHyfivoanble. Nodeaths occomd, bat several additions to the ship's living freight ware made, the advent of the little strangers being received with tokens of ?pnrovaLTfae immigrant, and their laggage ?eft the afaip shortly after nine on Monday nomiag, most of the single men with the bflHi being towed in a pent The Ktzroy bettbtd Jtt& wharf abort 3 pjn. and her paaseneera then proceeded to the Depot, where ?^{faTWudamao (Mr. Bearicyihad ev«ything fk in nadmeas for them. Soon after their i», arrival a good number left for » atmB thrown the town, girinc tbe Post Office a oS tor fiome ietten, and viewing the appesrance of their new home. The hmmgranla presented « nry healthy and thoroughly nsneetahle appearance, and aeem a very dssmMe \- aidition to the population. We append the lonowing psrticuUrB respecting theai .— Total sBmLer 303 or 2S1J aUfinte admit. ; 99 males and 31 females are married; 84 males and US females are single; 19 males and 18 females are children between I aad 12 yean of age ; and 2 males and 1 female are infants. Thar occapatiaoa are: U» female ?*rrr—** servants, 93 turn isbonrers, 2gar dema. 4 labourers, 1 mechanic 1 booSer, and 6 catsenters; aad their nationalities: Bndiah 167. Scotch 26, Ioah 1». Dr. ?T»fto» i.Hkug»--'^1.i.;nlli.iJ..J m,,d ttmm AsaeddeBtof aaomewBat aerioaa natare happened to a Btfle boyabont she years of age, son of Mr. Wafaam IboaaO, » ganger on the railway fine at Herberts Creek. It appears that the boy was playing at a tnra ta&e; with a number of other*, -wien by aome means the littfe feUnr's legs candtt hi one of the wheels, and before heSwUfc extricated of one of the limbs was fearfsfly laeerated, aad aome of it torn dean away. The aanerer was brought down by Tuesday aftemooo's team, and conveyed to the hospital, where we heard be was progressing very favourably last evening. The fiat of a aeries of popaur entartain tsjnmmrtx to be gjven in caonectian with she School of Arts during the winter months, came off on Tuesday at the haD of the restitution, sod, we are sjsd to s»y, was very fairly attended by both Sdies and gentlemen. The Bev. A. Hay, one of (he nee^residents, occupied Oe chair, and in the comse of the evening delivered a short, but highly mtenestmg and iratmetive lecture on 'The light oT3b Stirs, aad what that light teua ns of them.' He commenced by pointing out how little was known even of the eon 70 years ago, when Oat most distinguished of astronomers the elder *r»~*rft expressed an opinion that it might be inhabited, and that the light and heat which we experienced were aU produced in his atmosphere; then the lecturer showed how, by the aid of adentrfic hwmm^ iiwwaai dBKoveries bad been pitil« respecting the ti'ffwf jttsm. aod, hv tbe aid of ^iag^Mio Mr. Hay was able to impart to bis audience, in a very concise form, what would absorb a vast amount of time to acquire by ordinary book- reading. Instrumental and vocal selections by a number of weS-fcnown amateurs, completed a very excdfeiit in augural entertainment, and we trust it will be the first of many more equally sneeeasfuL Tax senior member for South Brisbane, Mr. B. A. Eingsford, has been lately the victim of much public ??»j»'*^»mi ''pi But we are quite anre that be has 3ost aone of the esteem and respect of those whose goodwill is worth having. A man who always glides with the tide lives an easy life, but hecsonot enjoy much eelf-respeet. Political froth is not paUic opinion, but it pretends to be and is often nwsfakpn for tae genuine article. This, Mr. Ktngsford, we have no doubt, has long since discovered; he can therefore appreciate at its true valoe die undeserved abuse now to bwmtifnUy heaped opon him, particularly by one of the metro politan loumals, whose proprietary are well known to be iA~*£n-» with the polities of the 'Bulimba ring,' the members of which gush their teeth in disappointed angoish because Ministers bave pot their foot unalterably down anon the robbery intended to be f*p'l| utj iff pfjjw cover of ' compensation ' for land resumed for the Sandgntf rsalway. The Government have declared Hut the branch lines shall not be made through private lands obtained on such terms, and they have placed at tbe top of their list of measures their bill to provide for the construction of railways along the ordinary roads and streets. The truth is that tits damonr for branch cailwavs has been chiefly canned by the greed of the landowners who expect the Treasurer to award them lavish compensation for making railways through and givingagreatly enhanced valaeto (heir proper ties, it is onrte a mistske, however, to suppose that public opinion does not approve tbe policy of Ministers in this respect. Mr. Kingsford, as an old colonist, and a —»y| of spotless integrity, has appsrentiy come to the conclnBton that he is bound to support Ministers in their honest attempt to protect tbe ptrblict interests, and to afford rail way facilities to tbe mstropolitaa district* as well as to the far interior. Both Mr. Kingston! and the Ministry will live'to sur vive the hurricane of reproach which to the mnnitsated spectator now timatenB momen tarily to overwhelm them. «i Mant of oar readers wiD learn with re£et of the death of Bishop Bngnion, who was wdl known to most of the inhabitants of Bock bampton in connection with a iMDjMsa] be ypa*?^ to the Queensland Government to intro duce here a nnxober of Menmoite immigrants. He arrived is Bockhampton early in die year 1877, and published a small pamphlet entitled 'Sign's Liturgy,' which was issued from this gBicg and attm^ed fMHi*ff*^fni*Uf* mtttr&^™n fi£ visited seversi parts of the colony, aad was so «'t»p*T'1 with its peoBpects for colonisation that he wrote to the Russian Government on the subject, pointing oat a plan by which he proposed to establish here a Meanonite colony. This correspondence was published at the time in our colsasus, and the scftsne lie propounded met with a good deal of favour. Indeed, arrangements were made for shipping a number of the intended immigrants from Constantinople to Queensland, when the Bussisn Government for some reason not yet made known interpoaai to frerent the further prosecation of the plan. The arrangement was thus suddenly knocked on the head, aad we are now told that tbe Bishop has just died inthe neighbourhood of Naples. The deceased was never himself a Mennonite, though he was well acquainted with that people. He was; of Swiss origin and had been a bishop of the Greek Church in Bnssia. Afterwards, however, he wnbrsond advanced Sweden borgian opinions, and became the founder of a had, daring his lifetime, lived in America and India, but wins he came oat to this colony he took op his residence aasr Bockksaptoo. He has a brother settled at tassel Bank, whoe two dsaghtera came oat with him, one of whom is in Eflckhamptan, and the other in Sydney. He preached in aercra! of the churches of £octiiamptoji while he was resident here, and be had a chapel erected at Uarel Bank in watch he mod to bold regular services. He was in aome tasneea a myaterioas-miaded ssaa. aad awry people wens in coaseqaence aoabk to tfamghty coamrebakTlmfamaias. Hf possessed the character of being a, very beaevolent man, and in Us habits be was a vegetarian aad a teetotaller. Besides writing the work, we have aQaded to. Bishop Bagman was tbe author of a hymn J»ok, A special service for the benefit of the immiKraat*, was held aa Tuesday m the Primi tive Methodist Church, when a goodly num ber availed themselves of the privilege of jomiag in puhhc worship. AddreaM-ere givealy the Bevs. J~ Waosms, a Hartley, and Mr. L. F. Iandsberg. On the 27th of February last, a little boy eight years of age, son of Mr. John Holman, whilst watching the steamer FSteroy, coming up the river, fell from tbe fmhsnkmnit into the water, and was saved by Mr. Thomas Boberta, who jumped mto tbe river, swam to the little fellow, aad asfely brought him on shore. The ssatter became known to the Boyal Humane Society of Victoria, who awardedto Mr. Roberts their bronze medal ; and on Tuesday afternoon Mr. Pugh, Police Magiatnte — acting cpon msbnetions he bad received from the Colonial Secretary— publicly presented the medal to Mr. Roberts. In doing so his Worship addressed him as follows .— Mr. Thomas Sooerts,— By direction of the bou. the Colonial Secretary I have tbe pleasing duty to present to you to day the bronze medal of the Victorian Boyal Humane Society; and I may tefi you that it is my instruction, received from tbe Colonial Secretary, to present the medal to yon in as public a manner as possible ; and that I shall endeavour to do. Not only hare you had a medal awarded to you, but also a certificate on vellum, tbe terms of which are that at » general coort of the directors of the Society, balden »t the office of the Society in Melbourne, on the 19th May, 1880, it was resolved 'that the courage aad hnmamtyj displayed by TH^Jnrfl Boberta, of Bockfaamp-' ton, QaeensUnd, aged 39. in saving the life of John Henry Holman on the 27th February, 1880, by jumping into (he river Fi±2roy, with a 7-knotcorrent running at tbe time, and rescuing Holman from drowning, call forth the admiration of this Coast, and justify them in awarding him the bronze medal of this Society, which is hereby duly awarded.*' I have ranch pleasure, Mr. Boberta, in pre senting you with that certificate, and also with the medal, which is inscribed with your name ; and which, I am quite sure, you win feel proud to wear. The motto ' Firtote Pap/ahm' which appears n&oo; it, aad the readiest and best interpretsxion of which would, I think, be these words 'Beady valour,' eeeas to me to be very appropriate to your ease ; and, whue I have no doubt whatever that you fnDy deserve the award made to you, X can only say that I think it is to be regretted that there are sot more frequent pre aentations of the same kind made in these domes. Without detracting is any way from your valorous act we know that in this colony very recently several similar brave deeds were performed in which lives have been saved at great risk, ssd which it waa desimble afaoflld have been noticed in some such way as this has been. However, your act seems to iutve attracted, .and very deservedly so, the attention of the right authorities, and I on only hope the time may aoon come when there wul be for all the colonies aome* friifui faumsne society in which all might be represented, and by whose action attention might be called to acts finch as yours or that of the brave girl that saved the We of another at Emu Park the other day. Bow ever, I have much pleasure tn presenting yos with the aMdal that has been awarded yon. Mr. Boberta briefly returned thanks to his Worship for making the presentation, and the Society for having awarded it to him. He was sore, however, that there were hundreds mote who would bave ^tw tbe n^nv +^-»'f as be had done, aad were quite ready to do so, but be happened to be present at (be moment, and that was how it fell to bw lot to do it. He had only done his duty. After a few farther remarks from the Police Magistrate toe proceedings terminstfri A KEETD.C of the Executive Committee of tbe Chamber of Commerce was held at the Town Council Booms, on the 23rd instant, when the following members were sresent, viz.: Uesars. Hunter, Pafctason, M'Eacham, A. T. Wood, H. Macdemott, E. P. Urer morc, Taylor, Walton, Curtis, and W. G. Jackson (secretary pro tem). Mr. Jackson said the firet business was to elect a chairman. Mr. Pattisan thereupon moved that Captain Hunter take tbe **^»»'* and act as chairman of the Committee for the ensuing year. They had had him occupying the same positian during the last three or (our years— eves since tbe Chamber of Commerce had been in eiis tence, and they bad been perfectly satisfied with tbe way in which be had presided over its meetings! (Hear, bear). He thoagU, there fore, that by reappojeizag him they would be potting the right maa in the right place. Mr. Taylor said be had very muchriessure in ! nm^ i^aif tbe motioci. Gsptain Hsnter said be would' have preferred somebody else bad been appointed Chairman this year, bat still if it was the wish -* the Committee that he abound take *^»* position be would do so, aad unUiogly ; as be should always be ready to do aU be coald to further whatever was con sidered to be for the good of the town. (Hear, hear). The motion was carried aaaxdmoaaly, after which Mr. Fox proposed that Mr. livermore be appointed deputv chairman, and Mr. Taylor treasurer. Mr. M-Eacharn seconded tifee motion, which was also carried; umunmaualy. Mr. Uvenuore proposed that { Mr. Jackson take tbe office of Secretary at a salary -* *2S- aur. Jackson bad done a! deal of wort: in tbe past, aad he had been very inadequately paid for it. He hopes that the datanhe waaM have to pa-form a raaaeetua with the ChaaaW as ?ar Bvaraal «asU fce awtebshasK, snda«»tots»rtattaehisrti.ialiafthetowa ?Vaal ?aaanaakfaaVL. -Uf irR m**i ant^atsalVaBBat aSaat aTaTaaaa^uaal Mr. r-Hii in sail a. slaajiibai I tairr-auiuii ittlitywba it -nsp-r-j-p-'-rry displayed ;ba* at I was only fair on tbeoSeraiVittcial bad I failed in his duty Hurt iisn notice ahoald be I taken of it. Hefaad goodreasro teeeaaplam- I ing of the lax manner in which Mr. Jackass-. I bad attended to aameof tbe datiea eamected I with the attawer- OsaB^ar---sr he 1 fouad that whue there was aasae salary 1 dee to fax* then were aetaany can 1 sums of three games* each to be a-Oeeted I which be bad not gone roaad for. fffinfwul I IasE-fater.) He hoped their Secretary, for be I supposed Mr. Jacfaon would ben sHi..l.« I to that poaitioD, worfd be more s*teBtive ia j {stare, so far as tbe OTBeae were eoaeemed, j than he bad bees in the past, widen was tbe omy thing be had to find tantt with Mr. Jaek soo ahout-fhaar, laiai)- -€.mjithiu|. else cm- ! aected with the office barmg barn aasst eScieatiy aad pwajeilii performed. The Chairman said £ Bsentary bad baa the -raSerer by his own la-nty, aad Mr- Jacksan replied Oat the collection of the go-mess wsa tbe work of tbe Tim ? aim Tail malaai. else to do. The motion anpointmg Mr. Jaek son was then put to the meetjag and earned Bnanfmonsly, after which the Csnmittee passed some time in reviaiag the ndes,assl the reporters withdrew. We undewUaa that at a njKtmg tt the officers aad mwl umiiiiiaiiiSM'l ofljetaa af fbe Vohnrteer corps held on Tfaanaay xddtL Captacn If e&oarae; preaidme, it was resolved th -tan invitation ball on the aame prmend* as «h»t which took place twelve months asee, be held at the School of Aits on Friday even ing, the 20th August The Bertie, bound from Bsckhaamtaa to London, with a cargo of wool, hides, itsBow, fcc., pet into Auckland in distress on July 4. The Bertie, which is .hoot 900 tons register, is the nupeity of her commander. Ckptam Daiud. um! n tmn^d tit * tttmww n*^ tflw. left Keppel Bay on June 16, hand for London, fignagy weather and heavy gala were ftwnsiixxco. nran the Bine of wBtxwBKvu reaching tbe Hew Zealand eoaat. On tbe 23rd ii was diecovered that the vessel had sprang a leak, and the pumps having been nmiAei, a considerable quantity of water was discovered in the bold: It was therefore deemed advisable to put into Sydney. The leak con tinued, but fortunately did not 1m n ssi On tbe 26th a stage was pat nnad tbe starboard side, and a search was made, for the leak, but without success. Owing to the con timtanee of westerly gales, ft was rnmidnnVI advisable to ran for Auckland, which was tbe nearest port, and on the 27th she wac put about for that port. During the ran to the Kew Zealand coast the Jeat neither T ? mnil nor decreased. The vasd was diwlianjiaa, so that the extent of damage done might be ascertained.— 8. It. BtndiC Captain Smilh,of the ship Windsor Castle, reports having left Plymouth -m April M; had light H E. winds into and across the Bay of Biscay ; passed the Uand of Madeira on May 1 ; thence bad N.E. winds urmcu took the vessel into the sT.fi. trades, winch were moderate and fine throwhont; passed Island of San Antonio (Cape de Verde Islands) on May 7, and crossed the Equator on May 15, having experienced very smull; weather after leaving tbe trades in 6° N. lat. until picking uptheS.E. trades is 1°K.. which we earned to IS3 S-, where cabas and S.W. airs were encountered for two days ; then strong S. W. winds set in; on the 23rd a strong gale from the S.W. with a high era was experienced; in 27° S. light E. wmda prevailed for four davs ; on June 2 with a strong K.W. wiad tbe vessel made a good res of 356 miles (r«n noon to noon; on June 4 sighted Tristan D'Aeunba, Inaccessible, and K^naaak islands, and passed them with moderate s!w. and W. wmdsTreaeba] tbe meridian of tbe Cape of Good Hope on Jane 15, bavmg a good deal of light weather and E. winds between Tristan D'Acunhaand the Cape; after paasiag tbe Cape the vessel averaged 380 nmeiaaay till July 10, experiencing heavy W. and S.W. gales with very high seas; os Jelf 1 1 passed through Baas' Straits, and after rounding Cape Hove on 141h encountered chiefly S.S-W. I au-16.E- wisds up to North Beef winch was 1 sighted on 22xid ; arrived off Cape Capricorn J ancl asehored in Keppel Bay on 23rd, mnety- « one days out from Plymouth. A HocsEBEEasroc O£aro&. — A axan named Base, convicted a few days ago at Toewoomba of bottsebreaking, gave tbe jury his biography and other matter in a long speech. Fromtae Tooirotmba Chnuadd'e report we take the following paragraph : — ' He said that be was the eon of a minister, aad had enlisted before be wae 14 yean of age. 'Ibavebeea, gentle men,' said be ? in the Spanish War, in the Crimean War, aad the Chinese War. I have been in thirtv*4wo -ngag* nw ntQ, and avy body is covered with scars.* He went into a history of the manner in which the British Government hired political writers to attack foreign Powers, and cause ware. In spite ct tbe niarainl ? 1 of Judge LrDey, be ex premed great regret for having bets aa nactni gtuwi*. of Imli 1m lilijl men in the CSnaese Wv where thoasaads of Chinese were ssaassscn5d before his eyes.' He dwelt 00 thai sat fedijDslv, and referred to it again sad ataso. He condemned the QaeenabDd Goverameatte most unmeasured terms. There were tar more pabiic-bomKs in ToovnoraaK tbu tbere were batchers, bakers, aad grocers, aU for the sake of tbe £30 beense. In fact, workiag up. «nTh«xat 'men pat in the dock, aad everytkmg ia tht ahape of tying and perjury done, in order that a pick of aaelest Cover*. meutoScials angbt Vn. He ooncbnel has speech fay an appeal to God as his judge. The Chief Jaatice, is aHsommg ap, luusrVtd that the pnsoner bad abased the BasjbaK; Goveaaneatat a geest rate, and had^lao abased their own Government. U fcet,' said bis Baaar, 'we aagfat aainase that he bad jaat eaesped crom the tifcialatirr The July number o£ the Angia-ltrarJiU is to hud, and in its leading chasten is an article explaining He propbetie bee wbieh we noticed about a fortnight ago. There are j also other interesting Anglo-Israel articles in the issue, and without committing ourselves many way to the theory which the magazine »^»^pi^ ^pe may safely aay that it ts very ?ncrwuing Thb Coobtnwn correspondent oE the Courier t«aegranhed bom tint place on the 29th July as follows :_A± a public meeting held here Ibis evening in favour of the proposed new — i»g eonlxact, resolutions were carried «ii.«j.;i» of indignation at the opposition ceased by members fbrsoutxiern electorates to the ratification of the contract with the BrMsh-Jndia Steam Navigation Company. It was also resolved that in tie opinion of the ?re most desirable and favourable to the colony, and partieularly to the northern dfetrictB, and that the members tor the Cook district be requested to give their support te Hie Ministry in seeming its adoption. AH the resalations were earned by large majorities. Accoemkc to special messages in the Oofleruer, dated London. July 17* toe policy rammed by the new liberal Government in England is giving great dissatisfaction. It states : — 'The Government convened a meet ing of their supporters, and intimated the desire to consider carefully the claims made as to the Ir«h franchise. The Home rulers were My represented at the meeting held, and th« varans speakers, dorms tiie discussion, strongly denounced ihefcHadstoue Govern ment for having withdrawn their motion for the proposed extension of the borough fran chise to Ireland. Strong remarks were also passed as to the neglect Ireland bad sustained at tie hands ot the Ministry. ' A message tm- days later announced that the Nahom ?aedaBS at Adana, Asia Minor, had made a aid on the Christians and massacred a number of them. Prince Leopold whilst on a fishing excuxskH in Canada is saidtn have sprained ms ankle. THE Obtemr oE the 21st contains the following telegraphic particalars of the new rash at Temora. It win be noticed that our Uegrams to-day date that fee number of miners on Hie ground is daily increasing and water is so scarce that it b sold at 3d. per bucket :— ' Sydney, July 90.— It is --nrimaftp-i here that there are about fiie orsix hundred diggers at Temora. There an also about twenty-five shafts down on gdd, bat the greatest difficulty at present exists in the absence of water. There are many thousand loads of dirt at gram, which '.rnhieni are unahle in wash, owing to scanaly of water. Large ate constancy arriving by trail, and every ?vsaante means of transit. B is known that —— 1— » are on their way from the other «**J»-i— The miners appear to be of a good sfaas, and are possessed of means. Thereare aohr two or three small dams on the field ; faat the **''''' are busily engaged coosbnet. ing others- The nearest permanent supply ot water at present isoo. tne gtaxunof Itf' 'm » Hack and Greams. several antes distant. 33ns was affixed to diggeis at auction, bat tiie offer; not proving snffirJmt, was withdrawn. TfeGotdea gate lead has been tared about th^mfles,*iidoaMa-Ia»dBiaxrebeei found, hot not definitely tzaced. Miners witiurat ^w^aal dagold be cautions about ?''purg. The sinking vanes frwn SO to 130 feet ; the flffifffr** ground is the richest- Hie most con venient route to reach tire field is via Coota mrrodia, but tbe road is Toy bad.' Me. W. SEAG&Arf;'s popularity with the tbeitre-goxng people of Eockhamptoa was ajijsj yr^ |Tf JTltfW In & IDOSt J**rwm1rj Hf j pleSSUlg manner last week, every inch of room in front ?eate, pit. and gallery being literally packed by cuuinBiUEij.c admirers of tfae man who has done so much on nutay occasions to afford ^]aa»m fim and ^nlvi ?-p'T'--?it in the varied. l^ip»u»n of tiie dramatic art. For the i**T'^'*rg piece Mr. Seagrave chose the London Comedy CtTiHpftiry'ti copyrignt iiuif1*. entitled * ' Blow for Blow,' one of Henry J. Byron's beet com* positions, and we think he was happy in the selection. We have not time to revieV the plot, bat all present were able folly to follow ft out. With as trh«* manner in which tfae dama was played is matter of more concern, mud we can safely aay thai from, tire com §f t+i i rjaiy^it to tfw* HoiTP tf*^ interest in it was urns' allowed to flag. Aa John Drommomd Sir. W. Seagnve was at his best, and in tfae acene where be appeared with Miss Fender (vfao acted tbe part of JUee JPedurwict, whose Pf*-*i bad jilted him a£ter she hsul promised t&BL; mafziage), and induced lier to assist him to avenge Itddnd Croddock's death upon the Hf*i vfao bad cansed her to elope with him, tjhe acting was oC a very high order indeed, and tfae curtain {ell on a grand tableas. which produced loud and ringing applause. As tiie taken and broken- hearted sister living under a- ckmd of sorrow, and tJien as tiie woman who bad been drives to desperation and was ready to render at any cost 'blow for blow ' to the man whom she was made to believe had com mitted her a wrong which was not to be for given, MiBS Fender was intensely realistic, and we were {airly left to marvel bow one so charmingly amiable cosld '»^'*' *»n'iij*iii«-«^: and a sense of injustice become so ungovern ably great and demonstrative. Mr. Seagrave too was grand in the different cirrnrosHnces and situations be had to portray: and «f tbe other characters those of Kittg W-Mier (Una C Wa»o|, Chario, Spmgp (Mr. J. A. South), Dr. Oroct (Mr. Andrews), £o-b Imda. (Hiss E. TnHaehl, and tin. Utmheg -Itn A. Wilsonl. were all capitally sustained, «apeeUIy those of Ea» IToU^and Spraggs. He. W. C. Dulon n« the cdebrated reading 'My Unas- very eSectnely; then there ?-ma m. muncal olio, which Mr. Dan Briges eufitibuted largely towards nakmg a saccewT sad during tbe evening the Volunteer Ban- ?UBBBsdamnei.il. I iinii to mate ap as capital ?a entertainment xe could have been deneX The ttaffie earnings on tbe Central BaQwav for the weekended July 10, amounted to £800 6s. 4d-, showing, as compared with tbe corresponding period of last year, ^decrease ' of £235 16s. 4f There was an increase of £7 6s. 6d. in fares, and a decrease ' of £318 17s. Sd. in the receints for goods and stock, and £2t Sa. 3d. in tbe larcels receipts. The teanic — '^ on the - Southern and Western Bailway for the above period amounted to £3571 I2a_ showing, as j : compared with tiie corresponding week of last year, a decrease of £198 5a. The total receipts for the year up to date were— Central line £34,357 9s. Id-, increase £7849 Us. Id. Southern and Western line £93,622 17s. lOoU increase £1006 13a. Id. Br the KeSawarra, 6ji., there arrived to the consignment of Messrs. 3. Maffarlane and Co., on behalf of Messrs. Orr and Rons, of Ayrshire Park, a fine addition to the stock of fhf -iigtixct in t3te rfupia q£ a nadi And white pem Ayrdure bnO, The jtiimat was par cussed from Mr. E. WDaagd, of ArundeL Keflor, Victoria, is seventeen months old, and wholly without any vice or blemish. The bull K named Lord Macdonald, cot by Lord of the Isles, a champion prize bull, out of the well known cow Flora Macdonald, said to be one of tbe finest enow cows of the breed ever seen in Australia. Botil tile sire and dam are descended, in a direct and pure line, from tfae bull and cow imported from Scotland in I860 by Mr. U'Lean, late of Geefaog. A rehtbs in coonectsoo with the worinng of Sunday trams on tbe Southern and Wes tern BaSway, moved for by Mr. Macarlane, Mr. * for Ipswich, has just been published, and we gather from it sows nterestmg particulars. Tfae total reeeipte from Sunday trains from the 5th October, 1879, to the apth June of tbe present year, botiu inclusive, amounted to £467 Os. 4d. or an average for each Sunday of £12 5s. 9$d. Tbe total expenditure on tbe otber band was only £216 2s. Ud. or £5 13s. 9d. for each Sunday. So that we have a babmee to the good, after all the emeasea have been met, of ?pwards of £230. 'Another pieoe of mfonnatioD conveyed to us by the retnm is, that toe mcetpts are gradually increasing, tbe average amount realised for tbe two 'Sundays, 27th June and 4th July having been £15 5s. lid-, while the expenses on the same days amounted to £6 8s. lid. It is manifest, therefore, that Mr. Macroaan was perfectly justified in advocating the teal of the Sunday tains Wb regret te state tint an accident occurred Tuesdav morning, in F^H*tfra*iir*nwJ by vfaich Mr. Lambert, a member of our reporting staff, sustained a fracture of tbe small bone of tbe left leg. Mr. Lambert was returning in aboggy from the funeral of the late Mr. Buzaoott, when tibe horse shied at a. Chinaman's cart which happened to be passing, and became some, what restive. Mr. O'Brien noticed that one of the harness Mjaiw hM*i become loose, and palled up gently, ii*tftMmg to get oat of the baggy and set things stnught. The animal, however, began to kick vioiendy. and broke one of the nfraffai, imirifiia+^y afterwards rnnnipg off *3y» xoad aimmr iwwnp g*-'!')^ Seeing that there was danger of a complete flirnrfi and aa npeet tfr Oddgs *^iT1f^ upon the occapaats to jump oat, which the majority of them did, among them Mr. Lambert. Be got clear of the vehicle, bat in landing on fan left leg he seemed to screw roond viofentiy. and theigsalt was tihe arririf-nt, we have men tioned. He was taken to tiie hospital wi&ioat; mnch lass oE time, and we axe glad to say that his ifijaiy is not regarded as of a eeaaooE nature. **A Cahboos correspondent of the Cornier gives the following particaurs ot the severe cold there lately :— 'Having often noticed the high range of the thermometer as given by your oofrespondeistB rtnptig tfae Baunmef * and nerer obsenring any of the cold in winter to cary it, 1 now give you the lowest, which was about tbe end of Jane, when several times the thermometer was down to 19° on the grass, 13° below freezing, and 3$° on the verandah. It must have been onnsoally cold for this part of the conntcy. for I never re member wfrjpg it under 28° on the verandah in previous winters, xhe first tune it was so low I pot oat two thennometas. and they both registered tiie same a few minntea after sunrise. The water was frozen in the bed room and in some of die waterboks, and tfae icicles were banging 2ft. long and Sin. or Sin, in ctrcamfexence frjun a tank that was feafcing ; and in tbe wniAAU-. of tbe day tire pnmn, which was split by the frost, was full of solid ice. 'Die thermometer has been higher sinee, bat 28° and 30° is the usual readingon t^}^ verandah on fptwty mornings, which 'have been the rule this winter.' Occ K*wfraj«- correspondent writing from that place on tfae 22nd instant says -.— ' A largely attended public '*r*l\\*ng was held last nigbt for the purpose of dialing public feel ing on the subject of tiie new nuul contract. Tbe chair was occupied by Mr. W. Sheefay, who explained at considenble length the nature of the contract and tiut advantages the colony would gain by the mail eerviee. Me O'Shanesy on nsing to propose tbe resolution, said be was sure everyone present endorsed the views of the chairman, and as far as he could see be believed tbe new maD service would be a decided advantage to tbe colony, and, therefore, he constdered it tiie duty of Government He then proposed Hie following resolution which was seconded by Mr. M Thereon in a few well chosen remarks, and carried unanimously :— 'That this meeting fully endorse the action of the Government in securing tfae services of the British-India Company'* boats for tbe conveyance of mails, etc. to this colony, and efanujly probate against tie action of the Ofjposilioo fat trying In prevent tended being accepted for tbe j,Mitj-ii4 ' After a ^???-n ?! diBeusaouon UK subject and a vote of Thslils to the cnairman the meeting adjourned.' The TBunnwK tso Dunes.— Some waters on science do not seem to know it has long been wen naderstood that certain forms of deafness are partially remedied by receiving the BOUBds throng* tbe month. The ticking of a watch, winch cannot be heard when tbe ntch a placed against the ear, is audible when die watch is put into the mouth, and so on. The Ifilwaufcee KoSmi, when describing the Elgin acoustic tdepnone, says :— ' It is ex teemely .,— ,|A- .™* «^^y^njpri in constrnc* ion.' The article states:— 'But the most wonderful fast is the one which has been tried 9f getting at each a distance from ti» insbrU' ment that by no possibility can sounds be beard, and Una taking tbe wire between toe teeth. A person quite deaf can understand words spoken in a moderate tone, the effect being the waraf as foTlowis from tfae iuk of sn sudiphone.' — £ZectridsM. Tbe Pbiss Gogs Peek '.-One of the beauties and charms of aa editor's life is in his oeadjleading it on all occasions. Ifo one who has never tasted of tihe sweete of Oat bliss can begin to take in its glory and its happiness. He does £30 worth of advertis ing for a railroad, gets 'a pass ** for a year, rides £5 worth -, and then he in looted upon as a dead-head or a balf-Mown dead beat. Be ' puns ' a concert troupe £2 worth and gets five riiiJiwff. in w«tMftnaAttw ' and is thus passed '?free.' If tbe ball is crowded he is begrudged the room, for if hat eompli wwnfi.^i^-R were {Skying todcete tbe tzonpe would be so much more in pocket. He blows and puSs a church festival free to any desired extent, and does the poster printing at half rates, and rarely gets a ' thank you ' for it. He does more work gratnitnaslv for the town and community than all the rest of the population put tugetber, and gets cursed for it aD, wh3e in many instances, whmc a man who donates a few dollars for the «h July baseball cmh, or a. church, is gratefully remembered. Oh! it is a sweet to be an editor. Be passes 'free,' you know. — iarieu Paper. Dun or sbe Bev. T. CooxtUL. — It is also our (Port Doom Varna) sad duty to have to announce the wery sudden death, early on fUoay morning, I60i instant, of the Bev. hwihib1*tt in Uub town. Deceased, who in answer to a call made to him by Hie PuaJbyUaian body of Bowes, solved here in tbe month of December last, lad for many years past been ? victim to Hat slow and fatal *flnnnn known ss consumpbou, but it was thought by bis medical adviser end friends in Brisbane that tbe healthy atmosphere of BowennngfcthaveabeneficbJelBectijponhim, audmdeedforaBhort time after his arrival best such a. happy result was found to be tbe ease, as Hie rev. gentieman'e sate of health was for some time after his arrival found to be much improved; but the fatal disease from vfhichbetadsolongandBopatienayeaffered had rtlaflp too gifif. irinfOTfi into s- cuiiBfjtufaon never one of fne stronees^ and shortly after midnight on ftiday tfce smrit of a true Onisban man passed quietly away, to stand before that Judge wbo shall reward enry one of va according to our deeds done here on earth. Deceased was at the time of his death aged 27 years, and it is needkss Cor us to stste that deep sympathy it is frit for his sorrowing widow in tins faer present deep afftictioa. Asr Asnor/aBtAK DiaoovEsv or JctlsSd. —The Pall ttttt Gaunt correspondent at Oopenfaagen votes : — M An interesting and probably unique discovery has been made dose to tbe town, of Banden. in Jutland, of a grave, dating probably from the sixth or seventh century, containing the remains of a woman wbo bad been boned in her richest iiti re, it bring etiU possible to trace the dress, which had been interwoven with gold thread. Across the chest were laid two bands with a. kind of gold lace, on tbe top of which again were laid some ornaments composed of coloured glass beads, some having an outer shell of gold leaf, and several cut like -diamonds, as well as a small perforated silver coin. To the left of the body was found a knife, a pair of Beware, s small wnetatoae (far needles), and a small glass cup, which avas broken in pieces. to tbe tomb was also found the remains of a wooden pail with iron bands, which had con tained the food supposed necessary to support the deceased on her journey to Hades. This discovery affords another proof of tbe excep tionally high poshaan occupied by the women in Scandinavia dminlr headiest times, in com parison wifli nearly all otiier countries. Tfae body had evidently originally been enclosed in a coffin of rough oaken planks. Great interest is taken m tiie mrif^hfif eEaaunstioo of the silver coin, by which the actual period may be at least approximately ascertained.' Fatal. Aoodext it Gram —The CyntpK ifuerof July 29 says:— 'It is our painful duty to record a fearful acrinpnt. which occurred on Sunday afternoon and resulted in tbe instantaneous death of John Weston, manager of the Kew 7~~1—^ Prospectors' Tribute Company. Tbe particulars of the awfully sudden event, as gleaned from one of the party who was in company with thedeeeased, are as follow :— The deceased, accompanied by :Mr. Bishop and a nephew of Mr. Adam Black, rode down tiie Brisbane-road as far as I Tittle's, tbe Seven-mile. After a short stay ; they were returning home, and trhen about ! one mile Urn side of tittle's, the party were j riding at a oiee easy canter; tiie deceased was { riding a very quiet old grey horse. By some ; means or other tbe bocse shied offtheroadto . tbe left ; deceased endeavoured to pull him on J to the road, but without avaiL Horse and i mau came in violent collision with a large tree on tbe side of the road. The full force of the ebock w&s; received by poor Westoo's bead, which was smashed in a fearful manner. The collision burled deceased to the ground, where be breathed bis last without a groan. Brabop tooe into town and gave *'f'. 'e^Itih1 to thB police. A spring cart m soon after iirfinitrhfd to briittj in tbe body, wliiua arrived at about 6-30 pjn. The deceased leaves a widow, but im children, to mourn her loss. He was * great favourite witti tbe ninen on the field, and is deeply regretted, ad m. Sim** considered one ot tbe asst Bomnetoat managers on Gympie. The body m interred in tbe cemetery yesterday, at ?bout 4o'cloek p jm^ followed by a vast cortege ABrauBKAinc Plough. — A Chicago ?encaitu*] journal raves an account of was Erat plough *rar known to be made, whicfa aaTbeenresently turned out by an DunawJ Brm of agricultural machinery oaken (or oae n tbe St Louis, Iron Mountain, and Svatkern Bailway. It is attached to ? platform ear of a construetioo train in such » ?raysstocut its ditch a sufficient distance from the railway line, ftwill make one nrife ?fa ditch, 2 feet deep and 3 feet wide, every four boas, thus doing «w work of about Ummeo. The beam ia made of «-nmp oak. ud k S inches by 14 inches, tbe bud aide betas; made of bar iron 8 inches wide and 1J iae£ thick, which bad to be forged eipresdy far tie purpose, te total weight ie 1,700 lbs. A Osstx DiBOovEET.— A Ib. Lamb, of New York, has discovered a new water repeUent which answers all tbe purpose* «f India rubber. witBout the oSantve smellof * [be latter. Tbe decreasing supply of rubber, ?nd tbe «diilteration to which it wassubjeetai, tamed Mr. Lamb's attention to tteasuiiuj of a substitute as long ago as ISIS. He weed was to be found the future supply of the article, and at once began experimenting in its culture and tile extraction of tbegum. Has pvpfliiwuit has proved successful. He has Bucceeded in converting it into a subsassse similar to rubber in appearance, of suneaur even to tbe property of valcanisiBg. — &- dmtge. PoscaOE SraJttS.— The number of difirest Idnde of postage somns which have hssa hitherto issued all over the world is estimate*, in round numbers, at 6000. Among them sxe to be found the eSgiea of firTempemu, eighteen kings, three qneens, one grand duke, six princes, one princess, and a great number of presidents, &c; Some of the stamps bear coats of arms and other emblems, as crowns, the papal keys, and tiara, anchors, eagles, lions, banes, etam, serpents, railway trams, faxseBeB, messengers, tc Tbe *yjl?i liim Office included, on July I. 1679, 4fK mmmnm of diOerent postage stamps. OE tfatue 2462 were from Europe, 4*1 from Asia, 251 bom Africa, 1143 from America, and SOI romAmnxaUa. A C^oli- K^j^m rjr Bbibbasil — Xbe CasMrof the 23rd writes: A fatal accident occurred to a little chad, about fire vests of tae. named Daiey Boott, yesterday aftanMo. fl-e child, who resided with her parents in Georgfr4tre&t;, was on her way borne tram school, and whue crossing at the JnftrruwBmi of Queen-street with George-eteet sma auddeoly^ knockBd down and run over by s- Isree spiittg cart driven by « nan mtmed John Petty- One of tbe wheels passsd over tbe child's stomach. She was *t once taken into Page's cneumt shop, where she was attended toby Dr. O'Doherty, andareviviag draagbt adnrinittered to her, after which she was removed to her pareulz residence, but only to linger fora shocttimein tnnch internal pain, for death soon relieved bar from her suner nesaed by several persons, amongst whom were Messrs. Poxton, eoiieitorTcTk. Green. andW. Shde, and so far as ws can learn the general opinion was that tbe event mam aroMratal. and that the driver of the spring cart was not WameaWe. Ak Ustobtokue Wbtxe Wbub.— Tbe Duke of SoHifriami has presented to the Mnseom of the Eoysl College or Surgeons the sknUof » white while (Oc^WmjXot^ucm), taken alive near Dunrobin, which presents a most remarkable evidence of an old extensive injury and subsequent recovery. This ceta cean has been but very rarely observed in tfav British seas, and there would Been to be bat one other recorded instance of one having been caught alive. The specimen in qoestioa vsa. ?nitre the Bev. Dr. Jotss, of Golsm'e. found dose to tiie salmon nets near the Utth Ferry, about three miles to the eastward of Dunrobin, on tiie 9th of June, 1S79. It was caught by the tail between two short posts to which a stay rope of a net was fastened, and a salmon of 181b. weight, which was supposed to have been the object of ita pursuit, wsb found in front of it. It measured IS} fast in length. In its efforts to escape it had broken its back between the third and fourth Inmhar vertebras, and it had a recent wound on tbe front of its head, nearly five jnrlwi ung and three broad. It was seen two days before its capture, and tbe fisherman seeing it approaching against tbe ebb took it for a ghost. Professor Flower, in exhibiting the prepared skull to the Zoological Society of London, stated that the skeleton showed that toe whale had been a perfectly adult animal, that the atlas had been dislocated off the occipital eondyles, and this completely sn, and the bones bad afterwards become firmlr fixed by deposits of new bony matter in such a way as to enormonslv narrow tfae aperture for the passage of the spinal cord. There waM| no appearance whatever of any disease -Cv the bones, and there could be 06 reasonable doubt but this dislocstu* was tbe result of accident It it certainly difficult to imagine how such an accident could have hanpeaea ; such * ttMocstion is often brought about by a fill on one's head, but aquatic annuals are not liable to such a catastrophe-even, thinks Professor Flower, as violent cMlision of tbe head against - ruck or ship could scarcely have brought it about. It seems marvellous that after such an accident the unfortunate whale could bans esntrmd to pursue sad capture living prey. For a tfaueit would almost seem certamte general powers must have been iaUrtswd with. After recovery its head vssGxed quibtawrr of its tody, and this may account in sosse measure {or it* wandering so far from ita natural how sad for the facility of it* TBb Qdiob nr Zcwuurn.— Letters re ceived from the Cape fertile ateuner Balmoral Castle slate that tbe Empress Eugenie, during hereby at Durban, was to occupy toe same room in Government Home, to ride in the same carriage, end to eat from the Mine table as the Prince Imperial did. Bound tfee spot where the two troopers who feU atthesame time us the Prince are boned a ditch hs* been dog and wall rued, so as to fonttuS cemetery, in which tress have been planted, aa well as violet*, the Napoleonic emblem. ?Mania, the leader of the Zulus who attacked tie Prince and his party, in mnseu* of Major Stabb, stood by tbe two Mama, and with uplifted hands solemnly sWttsred Hut they should never be desecrated. The &dnsap;«titioo with regard to the dead it ao deeply founded that this fledge is likely to be faithfully kept.— Borne News. Jjosr Ovebkukd. — Daring tie nonage «f the ship Loch Maree from Glasgow (ssy» tbe Hdbomne Aryut) one of the saloon gascugiim, Mr. J. F. Aikman, disappeared. Be was missed at half -past 10 p.m. on Jnly Swhenthe snip was in latitude 41° 8., and bwptndelOrE. His cabin companion, Mr. A. Hunter, oo retiring Cor the night at the boor above mentioned, missed him, and made inquiry, but no one eoold afford any informa tion a* to his whereabouts. The last that n seen of him was about a quarter to 10 p.m_, when Mr- Hunter and Mr. Howe, another IMswi imi i . observed him ssttiag in his usual place oo the poop, jost abaft the wheel. The conjecture is that Mr. Aikman most have fatten overboard unseen and also unheard, for the iohi were bracing yards «t the time. Mr. Aikman was of a very quiet and unobtrusive dStnosmwi, *nd was taking *- voyage for his ssMth, which had given way under excessive study for the Indian Civil Service examination. H-. Mkman was about SI yean of ace, and a ??tin of 6t Andrews, ScoHsad. Dorses ar TbowoonKa— The Teowoomha annnondent of the Onrfcr writes:— 'Father Hennsbeny'* temperance mission dosed on Sunday last by a procession in the mBkMmi***mi and lecture or sermon at nijght. TnepracessktnstE, who numbered folly 900, and among whom I noticed aome very 'good drinking men,' paraded the principal sfeaete. I am told that Fattier Hennebeny gave nearly ISUO temperance pledges. Daring the week be was assisted by several priest* from neigh bouring districts, and they tank part in Bondsy-. demonstrations. Bishop OX&unn; was likewise present. On Monday evening Hsemembersot Hie Wedeyau Band of Hope am an entertainment consisting of songs, recitations, dialogues, fce. The School of Alto was filled with Che friends of the children. Hnr South Wales team of riflemen are enpected to pay as a visit, and the local Volunteers are hoping that a friendly match wfll he arranged with them. They are rare of sVWrmal reception. B&XT; Haste or Ehouhd.— Bret Harte was si the banquet of the Koyai Academy in London, May I , Sir Frederick Uaghtoo pre siding, me Prince of Wales, Duke of Cam bridge, and Mr. Gladstone being among the distinguished gneats. In reply to a compli asent paid him by the president, Mr. Harte ?aid -.— ' I presume I am selected to answer to this toast as a native of a country which reads sane English boobs and pay less for them thanany otiier nation. Cectamly, represent iag, as I do, a free people— who of their own accord read four volumes of Tennyson to one of LongCeuow— I night data * bearing bete. Bat I recognise in your kindly greeting die same welcome extended to Hoses Bigdow. Hans Breitmann, Artemus Ward, and Made Twain. (Cheers). I rwwgnise your apprecie benol what is said to be oiatinctive American literature, which laughs with the American ?ties, and is by turns as surprising and as extravagant as die American weather. Indeed. I am not certain that these cyclones of American humour that cross tbe A*j«i»H*» are not as providential as the American storms that mitigate the austere monotony mf the English climate. For it has been settled by your reviewers that American literature is American hnmonr, and this American humour is a kind of l«igi,«H» impropriety, more or lesg scantily clothed in words. U has been settled that yon are a sober people, and that nobody ui America takes life seriously— not even a highwayman— and Oat our literature is a. reflex of our life. But I think that a majority of thu academy are kind enough to recognise some principle of ait underlying this characteristic. And I consider that no higher compliment has been, paid to American humor than that the tope of American drawn by your greatest English humorist has been asnwlaated by type* drawn by IoweO, Artenws Ward, Vnd Mark Twain.'— Eutamge. A -«»' Max ? 'Wai Boneycombe,' in the Dvbto DispeUi, relates the following : —'He is a man worth £300,000 if be is worth Id. Wben hi. father died not long ago he left him Out sum, all good aafe hank stock, nod other pro6table nrafenents. like-most of the modem floloniai ynoOa, who ban been born in the purple, be is liberal to a butt. He invited a host of gentlemen to his resi dence the other day to shoot pigeons and enjoy themsslires otherwise. Being a crack shot himself, of coune he never-dreamt that he would stake a good thing out of the affair by winning a few heavy sweeps. There wsa great 6m and merriment during the afternoon. Brery fellow, even to the f-»ri-' proprietor of the Governor-General Hotel, enjoyed him self. When the shades of evening were gathfrint; nurnd asd r«mndmg the company of getting home, they all went into the dmmg-room to say 'good- bye' to their host. Astheytroopedioontaaidtosnotber. -Well, bless me, but I think half what those began say at the Dog and Hare shout hiss is7eon demned lie.' And another remarked, 'Most liberal youth, but he shoots well. He most have won a £10 note to-day.' When they are ?O ranged round the table, and drinkmg a ?toss cup, the best brsaght forth some list*, and said; -GemaeBM,tuisittei»gMU score; I only have charged Is. 6d. uTthe bids.' They looked rattier blank at each otter, bat cashed up without another word. 'And then,' continued the host, 'there is file brandy. I gave a. sovereign for the two botties at Tsttfs. If. real Unas-star. Say stand the odd 3s. 6d- myself Obey sighed and again parted. That evening going home they aUagreed that this fSOO^OOinan bad cut his eye teeth, and nsolved that when next they went shooting it would be at Band wick rather than any private house.' As Euscxm-c Bar.— A most extcaordinary phenomenon (says the Eeaamg Nam of the 19th July) may now be seen at the Egyptian Hall, George-street. A youth of about seven teen years is introdnced to the visitor, who, electric shock of great force, so mnch so that the hand, once deanchsd, is kept ao unta the lad opens his. It is said Oat the subject, after recovering from a severe illness showed signs oS being electrified, and anyone touching him felt the shock as. from an electric battery. As time has passed the magnetic power has become moremtessK; aad row, by placing his bandmatumMerof water, the current is cos - veyedtoanyone placing his fingertxterehx. Some of the leading dectriaamrof Sydney intend visiting the lad to-day, and make an investiga tion of the case. Beyond looking somewhat pale, the youth shows no outward signs of his peculiar power, which has m many instances already performed some marreUoas cures similar to those performed fay Mr. G. Muner Stephen. A pttffcnw suffering potty from TuBIUBMOC gOUtf ff« -taUWUSOen. SO HUB pbeoonMnon yeBtenls\^t xoa he mHpit od tiic nuuMger of the Egyptian Hall to-day, «t-tzng be ni perfectly f^Tuwi by sv *iuffinif sfAutke ct the hand, asd that ahnost JsanrdisteW after tsuching him relief was apparent. Wecould also name othsn who have &tt; nisef from similar UlniasM P»e n iimriiiim are vwrions as ?he different parts of the boy an touched. For instance, if the Up is ♦ourWd by hk finger, there is a feeling smrilar to a, litUe mustard being saaeedthcre. H the ear is held the magnetic shock is light, yet distinct, and if the nose is touched the shock is strong, while, as before stated, &e; hand communicates a smart sod lingering shock. JroicUL CaucaaFB?. — 'iEgks' in die AwtndiMm writes as follows -. — At the last sittings of a Queensland Mstriet Court, Judge Q presided, and Mr. X, the local poUce-magistrate, in the absence of the asso ciate, acted in that capacity. Vow, both (he gentteraen named are remarkable for tibeh- bad writing, which in the case of one of them is suspected to be a carer for imaathoRsed epefung. Upon the ocessiaii m question the most important case was one of dsmsges against a poundkeeper for selling impounded horses without duty advertising them. ABer snmming «p, said his Honor : 'Mi. X, wiD you psesse write down the questions for the coimMeration of tte jury as fdietate tbemr The worthy P.M. complied, and his Honor continued: 'Stew, sir, if you w31 hand np what yon have written I wfll read the ques tions to the jury.' His Honor looked at the paper, readjusted his spectacles, turned it upside down, held it at arm's length, and h.—iing it back to Mr. X, said in a whisua, which was audible to most of those in court, 'Good heavens, Mr. X, why cannot people write so Oat others can read what they have written ?' and tiien, in his usual tone of voice, 'I had better write the questions myself; the jury could not decipher fids.' His Honor having done his writing, handed the paper to his acting-associate, directing him to read the issues, sad hand them to the jury. Mr. X looked at the paper whxi dismay, and then did his level best After stumMing in a hopeless way over the fiat line, be passed the paper to the Crown Prosecutor, saying, ' Yon, sir. maybe more familiar with ms Honor's writing— leant make head or tan of it.' At tiiis juncture, from the *^AA— outburst of pocket handkerchiefs in court, it seemed as though there had been a general accession of se«ere cold in the head. TSew CtoiKXA MaBsuccs. — Wedding ceremonieB among the Koefourisns of ftew Guinea ire characterixsd by a reserve and modesty wry remarkable m * savage people of the tropics. After an entertainment given to celebrate the occasion, in which the bride and groom stand back to back, and never look in each other's faces, the bride is led into her own room, still not daring to meet the terrible glance of her husband, and keeping her back turned to the door; seeing which, the husband also turns his back upon her. The whole night is spent in this *'*''—? They sit there motionless, having some one to brush away the flies, and without sneaking a word. Bis a veritable watch on their arms. Iftbey grow sleepy, some one of the assistants, who take tarns in doing this service, nudges them with his elbow; if they keep wide awake, the bridal pair ate assured of long life and a green old age. In the «-'??«'*£ they separate, still without looking at each other, to refresh themaofves after the fatigues of the previous night, in order to repeat the perfor mance the second night, and the third, and wen the fourth, without being permitted to relinquish the aege. On the fifth morning, with the Gut rays of the sun, the young poopfeat last look each other full in the (ace. That snifiees : the marriage is considered accomplished, and the newly-wedded pair receive the customary congratulations. Kot tal the following night do the watchers leave them; and then the hnsband is bound in honour to alip away before dawn, sum bis bride cannot he expected yet to endure a second time in broad daylight his terrible look. She will not dare to meet his ga« ontn after sn interval of four inore days and nights. Tin ii Hill II ? s -l ? sssslu i ii ussl ii mil otter's arms and aO is done.— EUe Stdxt m tier maHomU Baiac/hr Mag. WhesT a —a isrmwis he makes bis maiden effort. 