.. WE publish elsewhere a characteristic letter from that very amusiug person, Mr. Alder RE1KHAU ^ m aUd ha8ten 10 ' C ° neCt 0n ° little error into which our sagacious correspondent (from a lack, probably, of sufficient intelligence to realise the meaning of plain English) lias unwittingly fallen. We shall certainly not enter into a discussion with Mr. RfciNHAJtm' touching the weight that might or might not attach to the article he disap proves of " if it contained better logic." With the profoundest respect for Mi 1 . REINUAKDT'S attainments in other respects, wo cannot accept him as an authority upon logic or its value. Wc must point out, however, that his insinuation to the effect that our comments were not in accordance with facts, and that they were J . . . . inspired by the active part he took in some I« enquiring" started nine or ten months ago i t . . . . . . about municipal printing, is as baseless as it i s impertinent The strictures of this journal 011 the , occasion . referred to, as on every 0u ii;r similar occasion, were based unon 1 a 1 ner- . ' I lectly fair and impartial report of proceedings at the Council table, and dictated by a desire I to promote the welfare of the town. With ,,. tins preface „ , we may v.ow , examine . the arguments ot our correspondent m support of his propositiou ltrnnnt;U: n ,, that ovnvv every nniixr petty - job . of roadmend- , , | n S sllould 1)0 made the subject of tender; and >t can very easily be shown that at the very outset outset Mr. Mr Al<Wm Alderman ft n TtnvHinnr /...t^ 0m 0 ,, L REJNHAEDT cute away I the ground from beneath his own feet. I work is, of course, to ensure the work I being performed as cheaply \- - I ^ Now our correspondent does not ques- «-— ^ «<•». —.- I man P^y®®, receiving nor can only he the dispute ordinary the current feet of rate the | man f receivinR ° " only the ordinary current «rate « of for work of tho klu d - He therefore S by implication admits that the job has been J . ! , . . earned out at the minimum of cost, and on his own showing establishes the truth of our I contention that no advantage in the shape of economy could bo gained by any change in the present system. Beaten on this point, he hunts about for another argument to bolster up a lamc caus c aQd \- ^ that U "there are many ' n " v othor good workmen in tho town who would be , o , glad of a , chance cuauce of 01 employment," cmnlovment. and that flint a good nnnA manv I ut." Boll, II,CM stetotaontg m. y bo tniol enough, but what do the7"pro^ S i m enough, but what do they prove! Simply [ tbis-That unfortunately just now work k isnot 8so 0 plentiful P lentlful as one might 8 wish it it to to be. be. The| '* Thel R^RTLLLWLLI I a M/TL- 1M A 1 . J~> F Council is not in a position to find work 'oik for for I all • the i , unemployed, I 1 > , J ' and wuuever whoever mignt miobt — be • 5 1wadsman, there would still be as I many dissatisfied persons as ever. The only I possible advantage, therefore, to be gained by the adoption of Alderman RmHAnnr's pro- b0 t,mt I r f T uing from thc fect that I 1 640 twenty, thirty, or forty persons J now envying MOLLOV his lucrative appointmnnt. nt iniUjnuMMit/ui nt- Cn i . .. I billet. Mr. RBIKQAUUT'B proposal, in short, is a blow aimed at the patronage system, | a . nd 8Uch ^^ bo worthy considers ~ 80 Particularly peddling a - S l C 1 q aPPr0V ° *? fPP° iDtmentB of wy Vft U ; or open to dUcretionary powere in such a matter, the better. Bo auoh for tho main subitanoo ' OF L ND WOPONGA EXPRESS^ ourcorrespondont's letter. On ^ ^ in which ho accuses us of treating hiB worK. the Council "in a cuitemahcaUy <» fcshon," -wo offer no commen Toput it the mildest form, the accus^^n is very enigmatically worded, aud we *fJ ™ time to devote to the ^ ^ ^ { t S oven when they are l^uuded by Mr Alderman REINUAIIUT, and as a mattei OI| course sparkle with the polished wit and I epigrammatic brilliancy by which that gentle- man's utterances arc so pre-eminently distiuguished. _ WODOXGI—to its credit be it said—has been the first in this neighborhood to hold a public meeting in connection with the movement for relieving the sufferers by tho famine in Ireland. I In response to a circular from the central committcc in Melbourne, the president of the Wodouga Shire Council convened a meeting of the ratepayers for Monday evening last, L when prompt and effectual measures were adopted iu furtherance of the very praise- j worthy object in view. It says much for the liberaiity of the people that in spite of the L dulness of the times, and notwithstanding the L fact that special collections have been made in L the various Government departmente and lists sent to the churches, there was still a hearty response to the invitation of the shire president j resulting in the collection of a handsome sum in the room, with the prospect of a much larger addition to the funds when the shire L shall have been properly canvassed. Whatever the faults of the Border people, want of piuctical sympathy with any legitimate case of distress cannot be laid to their charge, and we are glad that the excellent example shown over the river has been so sneedilv followed 60 |in . ... Altaqr. There is, ,however, speeauy one feature iouowea in wI connection with the proceedings at I Wodon^a meeting to which, as baring on^a subject ..k- ui that . i, has previously • , 7 been dealt with " . in I will be observed that on the suggestion of the U * * * Shta Cou3, . , n was wroDosed seconds an,! Ui T ^ o T o ^ t I the relief fund. It is not shire to funds be supposed for i from thiT that" th^' I nnf « w to uo supposed from this that tl hire Council had any objection to erantina a i • sum of mon«r for *„„!, „ ^ f, 1 mon o y lo r eucli a purpose. On the I contrary, the member were only too anxious ! for an opportunity to do so but preferred to have an expression of opinion from the rate I payers before committing themselves to what must at any rate be considered a rather liberal construction of that section of the S t a t ting forth tho various purposes to «hichtho k funds of the municipality may be annlied I Whether tho 1 CouncU'would Council would ha™ have been iLui leirallv I iustified J in t r. - r .. a n f m ^ f^ I 3 I lie, noed not here to O O M I "1,11 ^ C ^ pub-1 equity of tho principle involved there can hardly be twLTnil^n two opinions. V °H of ' options. One aspect I of the question was vervV.WrlJ' very clearly ^"^P j 6 0 1 h words words by by one one of of thesnlC^ the sneakers nt » S? V 1 Uowever * carefully „« &11 the n speaicers district . at mav the meetmg. h. MB l vassed. a rood cood m l — i , Il missed, and the3y wITto Z Z ^ J H ^ like a general contribution J L feV head of a family ^ ^ ^ ^ ^m the common funl Thfl^l I so collected, though a aood mnml «„ m • 7! aggregate, represents but a t X V ^ h " ^ .. r ™ «u<ll luai- | contribution. It cannot be said thaUnvot is called on to pay twice by ™ 1 The! shire donation represents, after all, little affoni this trifle, no one « bound to ^ Lh* to,**; In bodies s h o u allowed. It would n X Z Z ^ T * ^ B Y PMfoular expenditure for. WlMJ p^ ^ with thollftt wben any special ^ to be iocurred, ^ tho effect J & ^ more ^ more g accessible tha^ their fellows, J/ » ^ ^ undue W ^ of L L £ ^ ^ > di8tribulod 1 OUI fa _•_ ^ W08tern front 0f the now jost office, ^ ^ the delivery window is placed is rather ^ unj)loasant 8pot herein to await tye sorting I of the mails. The portico is too high to afford any protection against the sun, and tje consequence is that the unfortunates wto day after day have to go, upon the arrival yf the Melbourne mails, for their correspondence, have to submit to a species ot roasting which ,' s anything but comfortable. Owing to \the irregularity in the arrival of the trains or from ome other cause, the mails arefrequently ten mi nu t e8 behind time, and the term of tortun j s t hus unreasonably prolonged. Having regard the ^ ^ the business at the AIuly pogt office—the business at the deliveiy- ^ ^ at ajj events—is not yet 80 Iaige as , TOnder tij e adoption of the pigeon-hole sys- ^Q, absolutely necessary for the protection of tlie offi,.^ there appears to be no season why jbe delivery of letters should not take place for the present over counter, in that portion of tho building devoted to the savings bank ffairg If this were permitted, a great boon would be gained by such of the public as call at the office for their letters, and no inconvenience would be caused to anybody. The savings bank transactions are not yet numerous enough to {k a counter ^ (hero IJ ,, 1 . ^ ' . oui d re ally be no danger to the postmaster and his ^ ^ iT^lowing the public a T l f ^ ^ f OS6 . <1^rter8 - that departmental prejudices and the traditions of ^ ^ FN &vot; of the pigeon_ hole ;„ f u- i IT ™ i.^ „ S o a K ^ i ^ i ^ S S S P w » in(leed »K>beui8epMableintheofficulimnd SintrrJ^t"^-'' tions. A change, however, has been made on ^ ^ ° f the ^ " raUWay8 railways """"""" in ^ Victoria, " ' where whera people P°°P """ ate now served with tickets across a counter, „ m tho 84,110 Wf t y that their requirements would i. • t. t , ,, „ ^ m & ^ ° r mercbflnt8 office ' • beginning of reform as an aus- 010 men h pe may lead to the P" "! ° ' ^ ° ^ f ueral ^P^11 of a P^ which so evidenUy 7® co " unonsense to lW0mmend EspeciaUy u t e 1 * that the Postmas ter-General may 10 b Wgard to tbe ° ^ ^ ^ ^ M ' bu i y P ost office » ^e change we have pointed 0Ut 48 bo m 8 60 e^mely desirable. _ ================ retiring aldermen would have ° a " walk-over "" for their re- ^ <>W «»t they h a ^ e a mwtak e - There "to be a contest, and, to ' md™ 0 from fmm fcho « lw«e number of ^... nominations . .. . Wthera ™*™°*' ^ contest, for the three i vacant . seats, . but we should not "" be in """ the T 1 sur OUIJIIIWU, P ri8ed . nevertheless, uuvercneu to see the whole rT'° f '^° l d turned. The fact in the field is all ° r ° fthU ^ «ois thecircum- : tance 1 t 1 hat the new men aM , l lc Ilfe in . Albury, whilst the third. ^ 0 aQ &nd; 6 t r ? ^ a^watd niffhlvMmuUJ !- tl, t . tne town where he formerly and GuUo d neither ' I ZT ^T™' ^ ^ Wd l . th ° r °- ba ^ . ^ ^r regret in such a result. During their past term all three have brought a Urge amount of industry and ^ ^lu ^ &m; " ^ ^e willing to 8erV6 the for another period, there l d ^ I s o . [Since Ten to nominations are irfBMtefiiaasaai; SALKS.~EI«»W' J^Acawo L M Corowa, Hay, and Urana, to bo held at an early date. THK DISTRICT COURT.—The first sitting of the Albury District Court for 1880 will bo held on Tuesday next, the 3rd February. A list of the cases for trial appears in another coluinu. ANNIVERSARY DA V.—Monday laBt, being Anniversary Day, was observed as a holiday in the Government offices and banks. The occasion was not marked in any way by the general public. THE ENGLISH MAIL.—The R.M.S. Assam, with the English mail on board, arrived in Melbourne on Wednesday night, and the correspondence for this district was delivered on Thursday. CONCERT AT WODONGA..—It has been arranged that the amateur couccrt to be held at Wodonga in connection with the Irish Famine Relief Fund shall take place on Thursday next, February 5th. MR. G. MILNER STEPHEN.—We are informed that Mr. Geo. Milner Stephen, barrister, will attend the ensuing court in Albury, and the remainder of tho courts in the Bouth-western district. THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—WC direct attention to the fact that a meeting of subscribers to the institute will be held on Thursday evening, to consider Mr. Thorold's motion for opening the reading-room on Sunday evenings. POSTAGE RATES.—From a supplement to the Victorian Government Gazette we learn that the new postage rate via Brindisi will be 61. for letters and Id. tor papers—that is the same hitherto charged via Southampton. ACCIDENT.—A railway guard named Swan met with a rather serious accident at Wodonga on Wednesday. It appears that as he was liftiug a loaded revolver the piece went off, the ball passing through his hand. The patient was removed to the Albury Hospital. CBOWN LAND SALE.—At the sale on Wednes day lots A and B, of 120a., Granville, fell to Mr. Rand; lot M, of 3r. 28p., Albuiy, to Mrs. J. Kelly ; lots LL to QQ, in all 3 acres, Bowna, to Mr. R. Webster. No more than the npset price was realised in any instance. TENDERS ACCEPTED.—The tender of George Wakeford has been accepted for trial borings for water on the railway line Albury to Wagga Wagga, and Jnnee to Narandera. The tender oi James Fitzgerald has been accepted for contract No. 1, Main South Road; that of F. Romero for contracts Nos. S and 3. TESTIMONIAL TO SENIOR-SERGEANT LENTHALL. —A farewell address, accompanied by a purse of sovereigns, was presented on Saturday last to Senior-sergeant Lenthall, on the occasion of hi* leaving Albury for Sydney. The presentation was made by the mayor. An account of the pro ceedings will be found in another column. ALBURY HOSPITAL COMMITTEE.—A fall meeting was held on Thursday afternoon to consider tenders for supplies. The tender of Mr. Heath was accepted for groceries; that of Mr. M'Donald for meat; Mr. Montague for milk ; Mr. Selle for funerals; Mr. Lankester for colonial wines ; and it was determined to invite fresh tenders for wines, spirits, printing, and advertising. THE NEW POST OFFICE.—Great complaints are made with regard to the tremendous heat that has to be borne by persons waiting for their letters in the afternoon. The lull force of the sun beats with almost unendurable fierceness on the western front of the building, where the delivery-window is situated, and almost blinds the officials as they approach the aperture. CRICKET: ALBURY v. COROWA.—The match between Albury and Corowa took place on Mon day last on the Corowa ground. C. Dight cap tained the Alburvteam, and F. Brown performed the same office for Corowa. The Albury team made 60 in the first innings and 121 in the second. Corowa scored 41 in the first innings, and 60 with 6 wicketa down in the second. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—At the Council Chambers, at noon on Tuesday last, the returning officer, Mr. W. E. Lamport, proceeded to declare the nominations for the three vacant seats in the Municipal Council. The candidates nominated were seven in number, as follows:—Messrs. Emerson, Downie, Gulson (the retiring aldermen), Thomas Affleck, Thomas Nelson, P. Alkemade, and G. Billson. CRICKET AT WODONGA.—The return match between Chiltern and Wodonga comes off at Wodonga on Saturday, the 7th February. The following are the gentlemen selected to represent Wodonga on the oocasion:—Messrs. Bamber, Bidstrup, Craig, Cunningham, Day, Ferrier. Heriot, Holohan, Richardson, .Wilkinson, and Weeks. Emergencies—Messrs. Ambrose, Dibley, Davis, O'Callagban. NEW INSOLVENTS.—John Edward Stallworthy, of Morven, hotelkeeper. Causes of insolvency : —Pressure of creditors aud bfid debts. Liabilities £282 7s. lid.; asset*, £181 15s. 6d. Mr. Sempill, official assignee. Compulsory sequestration :—Percy R. Brett, of Jerilderie, on petition of Messrs. Maiden, Hill and Clark. Schedule to be filed February 18th. Mr. Sanderaan, official assignee. THE SYDNEY HORSE SHOW.—The show of horses held last week in connection with the International Exhibition proved highly successful. As stated in our last issue, Mr. E. M. Bond took second prize in the Arab class with Typoo, Mr. Dangar securing first honors with a very handsome seven-year-old horse named Alif. imported in 1875. The Arab section was remarkably well filled, and with animals of first-class quality, so that the position gained bv Mr. Bonds pretty little gray 1B a very respectable one. ALBURY COURT OF QUARTER SESSIONS.—The following is a list of the cases for trial at the AIbury Court of Quarter Sessions to be held on Monday:—KarlEmelhalnr. indecent assault upon a female child, Albury { Charles Belstone, assault With intent to rob, Howlong jWiUlam Sutton, Uttering counterfeit coin, Ten-mile Greek j John l s c Arthur Williamson, being illegally upon premises, Ten-mile Creek; Stephen De Councey, uttering a valueless cheque, Corowa; Geo. Shephard, iorgery and uttering, Ten-mile Creek ; Wm, M'Guire. forgery and uttering, Ten-mile Creek ; George Adams, stealing from the person and stealing money, Ten-mile Creek; Robert M'Kenna, stealingfrom the person, Ten-mile Creek ; Frederick Davis, larceny as a bailee, Ten-mile Creek; Abraham DanielB, larceny, Albury ; Alexander Jamieson, uttering a forgery, Albury; Edward Sinclair, larceny (two cheques), Albury; Eliza Lee, larceny, Albury ; John Kelly, larceny, Albury. IRISH FAMINE RELIEF FUND.—A meeting was held at the Prince of Wales Hall, Wodonga, on Monday evening, for the purpose of assisting in the movement to raise lunds for the relief of the iamine iu Ireland. Mr. Ferrier, president of the Wodonga Shire Council, occupied the chair. Resolutions were passed for the appointment of a committee to carry out the objects of the meeting, and a subscription list opened in the room resulted in a collection of over £22. It was also resolved that as £10 had been voted by the shire council for the Indian Famine Fund some years ago, so now £20 might very well be given by the same body for the charitable purpose at present in view. A resolution was likewise earned lor the holding of an amateur concert, the proceeds to be devoted to the same olj-ct. The meeting, though not large, was enthusiastic, and there is every reason to anticipate a large increase to the fund as the result of the labors of the committee appointed. A report of the meeting appears in another column. A meeting in connection with the Irish Famine Relief Fund will be held this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, at 7.30. JINDERA.—Our Jindera correspondent writes, under date of Wednesday last, as follows :—" I note that the price of wheat in Albury is quoted at 3s. 6d., but even this low rate cannot, it appears, be obtained for any considerable quantity. It is, at all events, within my own knowledge that one farmer in this neighborhood offered to dispose of 400 bags at the price named, and the millers did not care to close. As a striking contrast to this I may mention that Mr. Haberecht offers to give 5s. a bushel. It should be stated, however, that this offer applies only to persons indebted to Mr. Haberecht, which may, perhaps, make some difference. I am glad to say that the project for the rebuilding of the Jindera flour miu is likely to be carried through after all. Eight men ore hard at work making bricks for the new structure, and in order to prevent any unnecessary waste of time, Mr. Haberecht has kindly permitted a splendid kiln of 70,000 bricks which he has on hand to be used in the meantime. His object in having these bricks made was that of building a large store for the purpose of containing grain, as he intends going into wheat- buying on a large scale when he goes out of the hotel business. The new mill is to have four pairs of stones, and will be altogether a first-class affair. It is to be completed in three months from the present date. In the meantime Mr. Humphrey is now in Melbourne purchasing the necessary machinery. A meeting is to be held shortly at Smith's Adelaide Hotel to consider what should be done with regard to the reservoir, travelling stock reserves, common, and other public matters. I suppose we shall get the teservoir about the same time as you get your Albury water supply. The yield of the crops generally has not turned out so good as was anticipated. From 10 to 15 bushels will, I think, be the average. In some paddocks a much better return has been secured—Jlr. C. Westendorff, for example, has got, I think, over 15 bushels, and Mr. Zwick, of Burrumbuttock, has as much as 30 bushels; but these cases are the exception rather than the rule. The weather has been extremely hot, and the water is daily gettiug scarcer. Even now the Jindera folks are carting their supply for a distance ot four miles, and the source of supply failing at that. At one of the culverts on the Albury road I notice the metal and blinding which bad been put down is being carted away again. Whose fault is this ?" SUDDEN DEATH AT NEWTOWN.—A man named J. G. O'Keefe died suddenly at Newtown on Friday, the 23rd inst. At a magisterial inquiry held on the remains the evidence went to show that the death was occasioned by heat apoplexy. SALE OP STATION PROPERTY.—The firm of Goldsbrough and Co., stock agents, Melbourne, report the sale of Walbundrie station, with 16,000 acres of freehold, and a number of sheep, cattle and horses, to Messrs. Kiddle and Balme. PAYMENTS OK SELECTIONS.—In answer to a correspondent who writes enquiring with regard to the date at which bis second payment falls due upon a conditional purchase taken up in October, 1879, we quote the following letter addressed to a selector in the Yanko district in reply to a similar uestionDepartment of Lands, Conditional jales Division, Sydney.—Sir,—Adverting to the enquiries contained in your letter relative to your selection taken up on the 19th October, 1876, I have to inform you that the first instalment of Is. per acre falls due on 10th October, 1870, but the three months' grace extends the date within which payment may be made to the 10th January, 188Q. Consequently the one payment, if made after the 1st January, will suffice for that year. If the first instalment falls due at any other time, a second instalment must be paid between the 1st January and the 1st March next ensuing." FATAL ACCIDENT AT JERILDERIE.—From the local paper we learn that a fatal accident occurred to Mr. R. J. Symons, proprietor of the Court-house Hotel Jerilderie, on the evening of the 21st inst. About a quarter past 7 p.m. on the above day he was returning from bis evening's ride, aud when i approaching the post office his horse commenoed i bucking, throwing him heavily on his head and j eft arm. Tbo unfortunate man's skull was mashed on the left; side, his left arm sustained a ompound npouna iraoiure, fracture, and ana there mere were other oiner oruises bruises different ports of his body. Although several persons were on the'scene in a few minutes after the accident, which was witnessed by us, deceased was quie insensible when picked up, and remained so until his sufferings terminated m death, which took place at 8.30 on Friday night. All that medical science and skill could perform was done for the unfortunate man, who from the moment he Btruck the ground, was beyond all human aid, concussion ot the brain being simultaneous with the fall. Deceased was only 43 years of age, and was highly respected in the*town and district, he having secured many friends and acquaintances by his kind aud genial disposition. ALEURY POLICE COURT.—A man named Kelly was brought up at the local police court on Tuesday, charged with stealing a saddle from the premises of Mr. W. Steel, boot salesman. The evidence went to show that the prisoner had offered the saddle for sale to Mr. Gulson, of the Turk's Head Hotel. Prisoner stated that he had bought the saddle from a lad named Babbington. Kelly was committed for trial. MELBOURNE JUVENILE EXHIBITION.—At a meeting of the Wodonga Board of Advice held on Monday, the subject of arranging for a special excursion to .Melbourne for the Juvenile Exhibition was dealt with. It was decided to amalgamate with the excursion arranged by Mr. Marshall, of Chiltern, the date of which will iu due course be announced. REGISTRAR OF BIRTHS AND DEATHS.—Mr. William James Harper has been appointed acting deputy-registrar of births and deaths at Wodonga, during the absence on leave of Mr. Cheyne. CASE OF DROWNING NEAR WAGGA WAGGA.—A man named James Atnv was drowned on Saturday last whilst bathing iu a lagoou at the foot of Oak Hill, near Wagga Wagga, THE MYSTERIOUS LETTER.—With reference to a mysterious letter published a lew weeks since by the Wagga Wagga Express, and reprinted in this journal, a correspondent writes as follows " I would wish to draw your attention to the gross plagiarism of which the writer is guilty, the principal, and without doubt the most sensible, portion of the epistle having been appropriated by the writer from the first chapter of that renowned novelist Wilkie Collins's work entitled ' Basil.' To unravel the mystery of the production, I do not attempt; but merely give you the above as a fact, and as such leave it in your hands, merely opining that perhaps the enemy referred to by the writer, who naturally is loth to give his name to his production, is the ghost of the clever novelist, who is naturally indignant at having his brains made use of by one whose conscience is so uneasy that he must needs find it necessary to tell the world of his unhappiness, but who, not having brains enough himself to put his story into intelligible language, is coinpelled-to borrow those of others to assist him in so doing." WAHGUNYAH BRIDGE COMPANY. —At the halfyearly meeting of this company on Saturday last, the report of the directors was submitted with the usual balance-sheet. The latter showed the in crease for the half-year to be £1868 10s. 6d., the expenditure £124 lie. 6d., leaving a profit of £1744. The report recommended the declaration of a dividend of 20 per cent. The report was adopted THE LEGALITY OF SWEEPS.—For a long time past there has been considerable doubt entertained respecting the liability to prosecution of persons engaged in arranging sweeps on racing events. Owing to the falling through of a prosecution instituted against the promoter of " Miller's sweeps," no steps have been taken to test the legality of the affairs until recentlv. On Tuesday last, however, proceedings were commeuced in the City Police Court, Melbourne, the result J»eing that the sweeps have been declared illegal. Henry Cohen and Robert Cohen, tobacconists, of Elizabeth-street, were the proprietors of a Is. sweep on the Melbourne Cup, for which they sold tickets, and which was drawn by them at their own premises. Evidence was given proving these facts in a case against Henry Cohen, and be was fined £15, with 10 guineas costs. The other cases against him were withdrawn, and Robert Cohen, pleading guilty by consent, was tiued Is., with three guineas costs. A report of the case appears elsewhere. MR. H. ALPEN.—We notice that Mr. H. Alpen, who recently left Albury for Sydney, assisted a few days since at a concert in aid of the library fund of the Petersham Literary aud Debating Society. CANON BROWNRIGG'S LECTURE.—The Rev. Canon Brownrigg delivered a second lecture in the Temperance-hall, Melbourne, last Monday evening, under the auspices of the Anglo-Israel Association. The subject was " The Identity of the British Nation with the Kingdom of Israel." The Very Rev. the Deau of Melbourne occupied the chair. A large audience, numbering over a thousand persons, assembled to hear the address. The rev. gentleman commenced by referring to his last discourse, iu which he Imd shown that the modern Jews did not represent the 12 tribes, but only two of thein, and had adduced evidence which pointed to the British nation as being the descendants of the lost ten tribes. He now proposed to exhibit other marks of identification. It had been said, for instance, that the Israelitish nation would occupy the chief position among the nations of the earth, and England, by the prowess of her arms and as an undefeated nation, stood at the present time first among the great powers. She had not been invaded since 1066, and then according to the view of the association, was invaded by tho representative of the tribe of Benjamin, which then joined its brethren in Great Britain, and asserted its right as " little Benjamin their ruler." Ootwo occasionssiuceinvasionhad been threatened first, in 1B88, by the Spanish Armada, and again l>v the first Napoleon in 1805, but in each case the danger had been averted by the interference of Providence. The rev. gentleman also quoted from an article by Mr. Dicey, in which that gen' tleman, speaking of the immense extent And re j sources of the British Empire, said that the in- stinct of development was inherent in our race, and described the British as the wandering Jew of nations, forbidden to rest. Several other features of identity, founded principally upon prophecies in the Scriptures, were exhibited, and the meanings of the particular passages explained. The address was listened to with attention, and frequently applauded. MR. PETER WRIGHT.—Mr. Wright, the sitting member aud candidate for re-election for Benambra, will address the electors this evening at Granyah, and on Tuesday next at Tallangatta. THE "WAGGA WAGGA ADVERTISER."—This journal, which hitherto has been published twice a week, made its first appearance on Tuesday last as a tri-weekly. We are glad to learn that journalistic enterprise in Wagga Wagga meets with a reward sufficient to warrant the step taken by oar contemporary. SHRIVELLED WHEAT TOR SEED.—A letter published a few weeks since in thiB journal from Mr. Whitoker setting forth the advantage of using plump grain for seed, as shown by actual experiment, has called forth some correspondence in the Leader. Mr. Abraham Lincolne quite agrees with Mr. Whitaker's theorv, and considers the result of his experiments conclusive. Another correspondent, however—a Mr. P. M'Pherson,of Carisbrook —is of a different opinion. He says :—" I hove seen many farmers and they all agree that the most pinched wheat from rust grew the best of wheat this season ; and from years of experience I can safely say that under any sort ot season, they will find pinched seed the surest and safest to sow, 1 do not write from hearsay or theory. I have tried experiments for years j the last two seasons I have sowed three drills, the best that could be got, then a poor sample, and one drill with wheat picked from the tailings ot all the poorest I could find, which I have always found to grow 6traw as long, ears as large, and wheat as good as the plumpest seed grew. On 22nd June I sowed 60 grains more:—20 plump, 20 shrivelled, and 20 the poorest I could find. One grain of the poorest grew 24 ears of good wheat; neither the nest nor second quality grew so many. Comparing seed to stock, as many do, I think that the analogy stands very good, as I find that the fat cow has the poorest calf, and the poor cow the fattest calf." MR. P. BRISLAN'S SELECTION.—A Wagga journal reports that on Tuesday afternoon last 640 acres of laud, originally selected by Mr. Patrick Brislan, situated on Buckagingha Creek, with all nuurice-street. The terms were 25 per cent, on the fall of the hammer, and the balance of purchase money on completion of the conveyance. Mr. Minchin explained that the property was being sold at the instance of the mortgagee, who reserved to himself the right of one bid. He further said that all conditions had been fulfilled, and that nearly 6s. per acre had been paid up. There was a good attendance at the sale, and Mr. A. Westby opened the proceedings by bidding £400. No other offer beiug forthcoming, the auctioneer called on the mortgagee for his bid, and Mr. William Rudd named £640. As this appeared to be above buyers* limit, Mr. Minchin said he would treat privately with any one who desired to purchase. CONCERT AT GERMANTON.—A concert has been arranged to take place at Germanton on St. Patrick's Day in aid of the Irish Famine Relief Fund. PUBLICATIONS RGCEIVED.—We have received the first number of the lValgett Mail, a new journal started in the district from which it receives its name. The paper is very fairly printed, and contains a good deal of reading matter of an interesting character. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to inquire particular mention :—£5 reward for conviction of thief who stole pouy ; bullocks strayed into Mr. LnUke's paddock ; farm for sale at Moorwatba ; annual races at Bowna on Easter Monday ; Wodonga BuiMiug Society meeting on Wednesday ; important sale of land, stock, and furniture by Messrs. F, and A. Piggiu at Lowesdale ou 18th February; anniversary ball of Foresters' Lodge, Germanton, on Friday, 2nd April; athletic sports at Germanton on Monday, 9th February ; Messrs. Hugh Mollitt and Son announce that tbe v are selling, at the Cash Grocery Store, goods cheaper than ever ; great reductions in drapery, &c.;, at Mr J. Henderson's ; Mr. J. Mullarky also announces great bargains in drapery ; Mr. 11. Warreu's address to the electors of the Oveus is published in full ; Messrs. F. and A. Piggiu announce the sale of the Wai'gauiong saw mill on Saturday, 14th February; Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co. announce the sale, at Wangaratta, on 28:h February, of the Pelican Lagoon Estate; Messrs. Gray and Co.'s usual stock sale on Wednesday uext; Jlr. W. C. Steel holds a sale of stock on Saturday next; Walbundrie races on St. Patrick's Day ; public meeting at Germanton on Wednesday, 11th February; caution from Mrs. Noyes against handing contributions intended for her to the wrong person; American waggon for sale ; farm of 20 acres for sale; fresh tenders for wines and spirits invited by Albury Hospital; tenders invited for taking up and rebuilding tank ; Mr. Petei Wright addresses the electors at Saudy Creek on Thursday, and at Yackandandah on Saturday; Mr. Emerson publishes his address to the ratepayer*; Mr. North announces a sale of stock, furniture, &c.;, at the Star Hotel. Morven ; new butchering company started in Dean-street; black l-ather bag Inst; Public school at Novell will be opened with picnic and ball on 11th Fehruarv; collections at St. Patrick's to-morrow, at both Musses, for Irish Famine Relief Fund. 