CAVE ADULLAM. CABLEGRAM. From- Ulo. ]leocooofield, Eoql., flownlng-otreot, Lodona. To Mr. Care Adnllam, Literary Fossil, 'ewcastle, N. S, W. TuY suay, old man, tllat when things come to the worst they menid. By that rule thejr will very soon have to. mend with moe, foS they have pretty well come to the woist I thlink. To tell you the truth, CAVE, I thought,, at, first, it would come to a pretty close shave:when the general elections did come:off, even if we got in again; then I began to be contented if we should get.in by the skin of our teeth; then; if we got in at all; then, if we .only lost by a small majority; but, by Jingo; CAVE, We : never expected such a con foundedlicekingas:this. If I had known what was coming I Would have hung on till thelend of the term, waiting for some thing to "turn up,;" .but I must confess. that I have beei sold. It is all through WLInnAs.' After thsat stUnping tour *in Scotland, and the exuberance of his ver bosity, Ifelt~ that I hadn't got the ghost of a chance. .You see there was no time. to get up.any fiesh dodge. There was no one ready to tread upon tho tail of our coat except poor: PAT; and he, poor follow, what with being half mad with the hunger, and half stupid With the Home lule ribbish, is ready to fight anybody. In fact hle always is, I'll say that for him, dead or'alive. However, I've made up my mind to hold on like grim'death till the A.L. comes back from llth continent, when I shall present my resignation, and hand in the seals of office. We are all giving two hours a day regularly to thile rehearsal of this trying scene. I think, between ourselves, I shall' fill my part as well as any of 'eni. I am pretty well used to ups and downs, but I mean to make as muclh)ay as I canwhile the sun shines. I have sent a hint to the A.L. not to hurry. back, as the House don't meet till May; and I havn't a minute to spare to clear up the odds and ends, and getrid of a lot of unpleasant correspon dence. I have a lot of bits of paper from ALBERT E?DnARD and young ALFRED, which I wishl they would just attend to now; for if - they ainu't squared up before I go, I'm afraid it will be a helpless case after I'm gone, and the A.L. will do anything but part. There are several other little matters, too, which, as the Friend of the Family, I shall have to put to rights before I take up my carpet bag and walk.-I think you will agree with me that I did rightin making LYTTON a Hlearl before I was hiuI'led out. (This is 'awfully bad, but I was up rathler early this morning, and thero is such a hImlcy- burley going on jiust now, that I'm blest if I can do any better.) LYTToN was an awful muff, it is true, but then tilhe man did his best, and as he has made himselfplentyof enemies, some of 'em can-write a book about him, or if they can't, he can, which is his proper trade.Then there's SALTSBURY, he has got his Dukedom before I have. Wrell you see, hlie stuck to me very well all through the Berlin Treaty Illusion Trick, and I was bound to push him on* It always wants two to work that kind of dodge, like the Spirit Cabinet Trick, or the Indian Baslket Swindle. I had to pose before the public and keep their attention fixed on: me, while. he worked the oracle out of sight. Its wonderful how easy it is to work the Treaty and Convention Trick, when you have one or two good confederates. - DERBY AND CAR NatvoS would have worked it with me even better than SAuisnuvy, but they were too particular.'?7 Well, you see, too much particularity breeds contempt; I mean, you can't be particular when you take to the Home and Foreign Diplomatic ine or Graud. and Lotty Statesman Tumbling and General Ministerial Cabinet making business. You must make use of whatever mateoal comes to hand. I sulppose (this is strictly private) that it would be no use coming out your way for a job in my own line. You know 'ENEIY and OLD JACK can't last for ever, and I thought it might be handy for your young politicians to haIve some one on the spot just to. take the helm when they adjourn to tihe happy hunting grounds, and thus save the ship of State from getting on a lee shore. You might put it mildly before your people, in your peculiarly insinuating manner, in this way, that the Australian climate has been strongly re commended to me as a wonderful resto rative for my shattered health, after the cares of office, &c.;, &c.; You know how to put it, but alas, I am afraid most of you are too democratic. My only chance would be in the novelty of the thing. As to the old political conjuring, I am afraid I should not have much show; you have too many in that line out your way as it is; but there we must all live somehow, and from what I can hear, politics ain't half a bad trade out your way, especially in Victoria, where a good pair of leather lungs and a long tongue fetch 3£800 a year at any timhne.-I see your people are de termined to train up the Iandwick Asylum orphans in the way they should not go, by teaching them to drink porter at the rate of eleven dozen a week, among seventeen of 'em. Why,. the year's expenditure in "comforts" of that kind for the "dear lambs" is set down as £132--0h I CAVE, what was JOHN DAVIEnsB about, to let this thing run onin this way? It is all very well to put on to the "' Horphans," but it won't do, old man. Its very little of it goes down their tiny esophagi. (This is thrown in'free.) I can tell you Joes BULL is pretty soft (iu fact, I've often found hini so), but by Jingo, hlie wouldn't stand that. They'ro an awful rum lot at that Rlandwick Asylum. Things have got in a dreadful mess sineoo old ·Joo -APrAL (a country man of mine by the father's side) went over Jordan. A little while ago some of 'em gave a tidy feed to a few decent friends of the concern, and then a day or two after another lot of 'em bullied the others like pickpockets for doing so, and wasting the public money. But as to the "horphans" themselves, that's a different matter. I wondor what they've done with the two Flying HIorse Torture Bar barians. I suppose they are well taken care of, and their lacerated feelings care fully sympathised withl Ah, CAvE, I am afraid there's a deal of the white washed sepulchro business about your colonial charities, as well as ours. It is true, you hav'nt got as many as we have, but I'm certain you all make as muchl out of'em as you can in your own little way. What are you going to do with your old Exhibition Building? Nobody knows I suppose. Its remnarkable what a number of WVhite Elephants there are knocking around! We have 'em here. We'vegot tliree now. I dare say you know 'em by nanme-lcAfghanisthn, Zululand aiihd Cypiis, and I e4ect we sliall have Turkey and part of Petticoat Lane next.-He'e's ndother Tel. Tihe A. L. has sent word to say she 'is on the roadi home! So, the hour approaclhes! I must' geot the blue and red fire ready, and the' hurried music, and the green cur aiu ready to fall on the last act. Old JomN BsowN has just looked in to condole with me. He was a little on, and had a strong mountain-whisky flavour about him. "lEh, mon," says he "cheer up. A new broom often sweeps clean and ye dinna ken but wlhat the A.L. and I may have to send for you again before next April Fool's day." It was very good of him, but my soul refuses to be comforted, and I must say good-bye.---Don't forget to have a look round for anything that might suit. How about the Agent Generalship 9 Never mind the screw; get us the billet. Old 'D,~u TucKER-I mean old DN CooPERn--don't want it.--Bye bye. 