MY GODMOTHER'S WILL (An English Barrister's Story.) 4 1, Clarissa Bamford, et cetera, et cetera being of sound mind, et cetera, et cetera, do hereby leave and bequeath all my real and personal property (and here a loner list fol- lowed, and my heart beat so, that I thought the lawyers would hear it) unto Claude Elliot Riversdale, barrister-at-law, of Gray's Lin, London (here' I breathe freely again, and tried to look unconcerned), on condition that the said Claude Elliot Riversdale consents to espouse within six calendar months, dating from the day of my decease, Alary Beatrice Elliston, of Homey, in the county of Nor thumberland. Should either of the afore named parfcies refuse toinlfil the above con. difcion, I do will and bequeath my entire pro perty unto, whichever xrf them do declare his or herself to be ready and willing to obey my last wishes.' . . It bnrst upon me like a thunder-clap. For a moment I was too utterly astonished, con founded, and disgusted, to" be capable of either speech or movement ; a second more, and a full sense of- tike disgraceful way in which I had been treated rushed into my mind,' filling my heart with gall and bitter ness. Was it for this that my infant years had been a burden to me with black draughts and catechism ; that my school-boy days had been embittered (I . should say sweetened, perhaps, but it is no joke to me) with brim stone and treacle ; and my college terms ren dered vapid by her setting her veto on cigars ? Was it for .this I had dined with her twice a week since my arrival in London, mating milk puddings and drinking villainous port ? Was it for this that I- had cut her canary bird's toe-nails, taught her poodle to ring the bell, condemned French novels, jai d called the Pope Antichrist? Oh ! if she. could but have lived again one hoar — one little hour ! wouldn't I have, kicked the poodle and strangled . the canary 2 Wouldn't I have smoked the strongest procurable cheroots under her very nose, and read French novels aloud in her drawingroom 2 As ' for marrying the said Mary Beatrice Elliston, I never for one moment thought of snch a thing. I did not even know who she was ; had never even heard my godmother mention her. At any rate, it did not matter. I had had enough of Miss Bamford 's fancies and predilections staffed down my throat, and submitted patiently enough, but a wife of her choosing was more than my long-suf fering nature could contemplate, and I men tally conjured up an awkward high-shoal- dered lassie, with a strong north-country accent, and contrasted her with a certain toll, bright-eyed young lady in the squfare hardby. Georgie and I were not regularly engaged, but we understood each other perfectly, and she knew as well as I did that as soon as I came into possession of my godmother's pro perty, £ aud it wonid be laid at her feet. And it' was this very understanding of ours which caused me to regard Miss Bamford's will with so much indignant disappointment. What right had the horrid old woman to keep me m bondage vile and servitude most galling ? to drag me to missionary meetings where it was consdered impious not to eat currant buns And drink innumerable cops of weak tea at some unearthly hour of the afternoon, Mid to announce publicly that she considered me as her heir, aud then die, and leave me her fortune mi such conditions as made it impos sible for me to accede to them ? I positively hadn't the courage to gb to Bryanstone Square that day. I thought poor Georgia's dis appointment (for she vqp'Veally awfully fond of me, poor little girl 2 and I thought what Mrs. Lomax's face would be when, as in honour bound, I should announce to her my altered prospects. On the whole I thought it advisable to defer my visit until my plsaw for the future were matured, and as a preliminary step I sat down and wrote to Miss Beatrice Mary Ellistons lawyer, and announced to him that I refused to accept the condition which would impose his client upon me. Would you believe it? The next day but one brought me a letter from the young person — I won't call her a lady — herself, positively offering herself to me. Yes ; after the decisive, manly, disinterested letter . I had written to her lawyer, this badly- brought-up young woman had the im- " pudence to beg me— for my own sake, for sooth!— -to reconsider my determination ; and then, after such a brazen beginning. Wont off inioa long rhapsody about natural delicacy— can't say I perceived it — trying position, extreme regret at being brought into collision with my interests, and such like rhodomontade, ending in a proposal that I should pay her and her aunt, or grand mother, I have forgotten which, a visit, in order that we might make each otherh ac quaintance. The letter was certiinly beauti fully written — indeed, I never remembered | having seen so pretty and clear a hand — but then we all know that the most uneducated nsople often write well, and of course she had taken pains in penning the epistle, which, as, she thought, would win her a husband. I fancy my answer musthayeunder ceived her for ever. I flatter myself that I can write a good deal of substance in a few words, and I never tested my powers more carefully than I did when answering the communication of that presumptuous female, Miss Mary Beatrice Elliston, whom I as sured, in the plainest language a gentleman can use, would never be wife of mine. Having thus relieved my mind, I felt equal to calling in Bryanstone Square, and met with a rather better reception than I had anticipated. Mrs. Lomax talked a good deal about young people's imprudence, but she did not forbid me to think of her daughter, as 1 had half expected she would do, though ghe did stipulate that our engagement, if engagement there must be, should be kept strictly private. They were off to Baden- Baden immediately, she said ; so I must say good-bye to them for some months. She supposed there was no chance now (with a great stress) of my running over there to pay them a visit. Georgie took my altered pro spects very quietly. 'It's very tiresome, of course,' she said; ' but it is no use worrying one's self abont what can't be remedied. You must work hard and get on while I'm away, Claude, and become a serjeant-at-law, Or a Queen's couniel, or something, for I shall want a carriage, you know. Poor old Claudie, you are looking worn with all the horrid, tire some worry. Never mind, t will be all right in the end.' So the Lomaxes departed for Baden- Baden ; and I, having a good deal of work 011 hand which could be done juat as well out of London as in it, engaged lodgings at Sandfleat, a small village on the south coast, highly adapted to literary men, the adver tisement said, as being retired, and yet within an easy journey of London, Alas, for human expectations .I For the second time within a week mine were knocked over and otherwise annihilated. Sandfleat, announced in the paper as a place fast rising into importance, possessing comfortable private hotels, a reading-room, first-rate beach, etc., turned out to be a miserable col lection of cottages built on the brow of a cliff, down the perpendicular frontispiece of which the venturesome and long-winded tourists were forced to descend by no less than two hundred and odd steps, in order to reach the sands, where half a dozen super annuated bathing machines stood, drawn up above high water mark ; for what quadruped could be expected to descend two hundred and ten steps to draw them into the water ? What I underwent and lived through in this little village would wring the hardest heart to hear it described. My landlady, Mrs, Brown, possessed the ugliest children, and provided the coldest, greasiest mutton chops I ever saw. There were six of them (the children I mean), who all contrived to get under one's feet at once ; and then, if one happened to tread on some of them (as it was a physical impossibility to avoid doing), they set up a yell that would not have dis graced au Indian brave. To add to my other troubles, I actually received another com munication from the youngperson at Homey. Really, her impudence exceeded the belief of man. She actually told me that, spite pf my refusal to have anything to do with her; she had made up bar mind to see me, and— if she liked me — to marry me ; concluding her ladylike epistle wjththe assurance that my seeking to avoid her was useless, as she never failed in anything on which she was specially bent. Oool, w»8n t it ? Of course, I took no notice of the letter, which was forwarded to me from my chambers in town. But I could not help chuckling when I thought how she would come up from Northumberland, to find me flown. More than a fortnight of the month for which I proposed remaining at Sandfleat had elapsed, when, as I sat one evening cowering over a wretched fire that would not burn, I heard the unwonted sound of Wheels rattling over the village street, and a minute later a fly drew up at Mrs. Brown's door. 'Another lodger, l suppose,' I said to myself—' children, perhaps ; in that case I go, Mrs. Brown's are unbearable enough as .an I indignantly waited for the squall which I felt sure- must arise in the passage. 4 There I' I exclaimed, .. as the scream eventually burst on my ears expec tant. 'This is really intolerable;' and I rang my bell more furiously than I had ever done before or since. ' Mrs. Brown,' I said, J1th a touching mixture of pathos and uignity, when that female entered- -' all of a- 8 she called it, and wiping her nose with her apron, as was her wont in moments oi intense mental agitation, ' since I have been here I have borne a good deal from your children without complaint, and I had intended keeping on the. rooms for another month ; but since I find that you have a j-O ger who has as many children as yourself, \- many children as I ! Lawk a massy| 8"e is not even married and Mrs. rown, evidently amused at the idea, began laughing violently. ' I certainly heard a child scream, Mrs. rown, said I, with "much majdlty, 'and I o not see why it should npt . be your own ,er However, I am glad to hear it is . not so.' ' e rtst the evening, as I sat over «.i ' fomid my thoughts wandering the new arrival. What in the world could ha76 a young girl (for Mrs. Brown uas said her inmate was unmarried) to come , 0 such a place as Sandfleat ? Well, at any »te, it would he a pleasant relief from Mrs. roD» ber chops and her children, and I esoived to commence the acquaintance the very next morning by sending up the Morn- tu- an( k®' week's Punch,-- The nrst thing to ascertain was of course her ?am®» ,and remembering that I had hot yet mL r kxes carried up the narrow stairs or the cottage — an operation I could scarce nave omitted to notice, . as it must have been attended by a dump at every step — I stepped cautiously (for it would not have i v 40 kave bteen caught peeping) into t 4-u Passage- There they stood ! Three or them, two trunks and a bandbox — all neatly enclosed in canvas covers, and all neatly labelled, ar I am a man, with the name of Miss TaBitha Kezia Smith.' I had just sufficient presence of mind to av5i?ubetrayin?,myelf by a of horror, and that was a J. I staggered into my room again, threw myself into an arm- chair and instead of a smelling-bottle, drew Georgie's photo to ward b me. ' What 1' I thought, ' while a girl like this is pming for me in a foreign land, am I base enough to suffer my thoughts to wander from her a single instant, and to a creature bearing the name of Tabitha Kezia Smith 1 An old maid, I thought— ' a creature either held together with springs and cosmetics, or. still worse, a mummy, who, with a sun shade, scanty garments, and ankles hideous to behold, will stalk about in its own parch ment skin, and audaciously flaunt its ugli ness about the cliffs and beach.' . ' You U find the new lady down on the beach, sir, said Mrs. Brown, as she curtseyed me out of the door the next morning. 1 Then I shan't look,' I muttered to my self, for I was rather out of sorts. I had been expecting a letter from Georgie for the last week, but none had come ; and making all proper allowance for the claims which might, be made on her time, she might, I thought, surely have spared half an hour to write to me. T was not jealous, but it piqued my vanity, and I suspected Mrs. Lomax of being up to something. The ghost of Miss Bamford's will rose bo- fore me, and made me angry and indignant as X stamped down those two hundred and ten steps on to the beach. Carefully I scanned the shore for the hated form of Miss Tabitha Kezia Smith, and, with a sigh of relief, observed that it was clear. As usual, not a soul was visible, and making up my mind that the old girl had found the sea breeze too much for her, I re solved to take my usual swim, and make for the bathing machines before mentioned. Imagine my surprise when, on turning round them, I perceived that, though my fellow- lodger was absent, I was not alone. A young lady, in a blue and white dress, was sitting in the shade reading. She had evidently taken a bath, for her brown hair hung in masses round her shoulders, falling far below her waist, and on the steps near her a coquettish-looking — well, perhaps I had better call it a Bloomer costume, such as are common at French watering- places, was spread in the sun to dry. She looked up for a moment as I approached, and then went on reading again ; but in that second I had contrived to catch a glimpse of as charm ing a face as a fellow could wish to see — eyes of the brightest, darkest blue, a little nez retroussi, and rosy lips, ready pointed to kiss,' as the Germans say. If it had not been for Georgie, I should have fallen in love on the spot ; as it was, I resolved that my papers and magazines, which had been in tended for the delectation of Mrs. Brown's lodger, should be my tribute to the new divinity. Of course a swim was now out of the question ; so, taking out a book, I sat myself down at a short distance in a position whence I had a full view of the new arrival. Not one glance did she deign to bestow on me. She read steadily on until one o'clock, and then, after consulting her watch, rose from her seat, removed her gailorV hat, and de liberately twisted the whole of her magnifi cent hair into a bright silken coH, which covered the back of her head, and then draw ing on her gloves, add jauntily setting on her hat again, she 'prepared to ascend the cliff again. I don't think, considering Georgie Lomax bad left my last letter a week unanswered, that I was wrong in following the fair un known (at a respectful distance, of course) and admiring her graceful walk, and the soft undulations of her figure the whole way. I had some difficulty in keeping her in sight, without letting her perceive it, but still managed to reach the top step just as the blue and white dress disappeared within the cloor way of my lodgings. I nearly fell back ward down the steps again of Mrs. Brown's house. 1 My compliments to the lady upstairs, Mrs. Brown,' I said, handing her the day's papers as she placed a chop, colder and greasier than ever, before me. 'She is an old lady, I think you told me,' I continued, .as I thought, very slily, 'and probably a good deal indoors. If you find she is in want of books — and they are not easy to get here — you can offer her the use of mine.' Thank you, sir,' said she. ' I'm sure as both the ladies will take it very kmd of you.' , ' Both !\I repeated, and a ray of hope floated across my brain that the girl I had Seen on the beach and Miss Tabitha Kezia 0mith might yet prove to be different per sons. ' You only told me of one.' ? 'The second one,' said Mrs. Brown, 'the young lady (though for the matter of that she is a widow, though only twenty-one, which I know what it is, being one myself, fTwi also not old, when left desolate) N only came this morning, having been detained by business, for her late husband's affairs are not yet settled/ i How sad ! So young and pretty, and a widow; and her husband must have been Read some time, for she was dressed in blue, i mentally observed. Is the other lady her mother ?' I asked. 'No, sir; the old lady is her companion, she told me, she being too young to live alone at present.' And what is her name, Mrs. Brown ?' Mrs. Campbell, sir ; which her husband was a Scotchman, I should Tihink, for poor Brown once knew — ' \- But as what poor Mr. Brown knew was a matter of the greatest indifference to me, I cut my landlady short at once. Well, take up the papers now, Mrs. Brown,' I said, ' and I'm very sure the ladies are very welcome to any of my magazines and things,' Mrs. Brown retired with "a mutton- bone and the Illustrated News , leaving my mind relieved of the hideous fancy wbich had beset it, thaif the graceful woman I had seen on the sands did not rejoiee in the name of Tabitha, and I was left free to give her whatever name her appearance_ and my imagination suggested ; and I being, i sup pose, in a spoony mood just then, did then and there christen her Undine, whom, ac cording to the -most beautiful of all the beautiful German legends, she really re sembled. After the first overtures we got on won derfully fast. Undine mid I wandered about together all day, and played chess in the evening, while Miss Smith, the companion, dozed over her knitting, and though another week had passed without bringing me any news of the Lomaxes, I felt happier than I had ever been in my life, not even excepting those palmy days of Miss Bamford'3 last ill ness, during which I was received with open arms into Bryanstone Square; and Mrs. Lomax was so affeqtionate, that had she not been Georgie's mother, I'd have cut her ac quaintance. I confided all my history and troubles to Undine, all, excepting my engagement, which I did not see the use of doing, considering Georgie's shameful treatment of me ; and she was very kind and sympathising, though she could not imagine why "I refused to see Miss Elliston. ' Who knows ? Perhaps she was a very nice girl, whom you might have liked, and in time have loved,' and Undine's voice, a s she said this, was so soft and tender, that I was within an ace of forgetting Miss Lomax and every consideration, and telling her it was she I loved, and none other. And it was true. Not that a real deep at tachment had sprang up in my heart, but I realised in full the difference between the love born of nature, amid the blue sky, the green earth, and the mighty waves, and such love as I liad once imagined I had felt for Geotgina Lomax ; the offspring of the light and glitter and falsity of a London drawing- room ; an exotic which must be carefully nursed in its own atmosphere, or it will shrink, wither, and die. But stop ! I'm actually getting sentimental. Well, if you had seen Mrs. Campbell, so young, so lonely, so desolate, you might have done the same. But I will return to the prose of every day life. I have not yet mentioned Frank Hardy, and yet he was the greatest friend I had in the world. We were at college together, and he knew the history of ail my troubles, of my entanglement with Miss Lomax, of the disgust I had felt at the unladylike proposi tion of Miss Elliston, that I should come and see her, and of my firmly-rooted determina tion never either to see, or in any way have anything to do with that young person. It is my private belief that he thought me rather a fool for my pains, for Frank is not the person to jfess a handsome fortune by merely because of its being encumbered by so slight a hamper as a wife : not if she were as old as Methuselah and as ugly as Hecate. Indeed, after the first acrimony of my disap pointment had passed off, he had on various occasions tried to bring me round to his own way of thinking. ' If you think Georgie Lomax intends to reward your disinterestedness by the gift of her precious self, I can tell you, my boy, that you are wrong,' said Frank. Take my word for it, the same hour that the knowledge of the contents of Miss Bamford's will reached Bryanstone Square, the walls of Miss Lomax's dressing-room witnessed a conference between the young ladies and their worthy, mother, as to what would be the most respectable and least scandalous way of throwing you over ; of which conference the trip to Baden- Baden was the first result. As they say on the stage, "She is not worthy of you," she'd turn you over any day if a richer fello v of fered ; and if I were you, I'd checkmate the whole scheming set of them by just running down into Northumberland, and haven look at the little girl at Horney.' Of course, I bad, as in honour bound, been vastly indignant with Master Frank, but it would have taken more than this to sever our friendship ; and though I have striven in vain to inspire my Orestes with better sentiments, our intimacy continued as great as ever, and our correspondence flourished exceedingly. In the midst of my perplexity and en deavours to reconcile the duty I still owed Georgina Lomax, for she had tacitly allowed our engagement to continue, and the love I felt for the beautiful young widow, I received an epistle even more lengthy than usual from Frank Hardy. ' Imagine my surprise,' he said, ' at tum bling suddenly on old 'Mother Lomax again. Bat you needn't have been so sly as to keep secrets from me. I'm not the man to think the worse of you for knowing on which side your bread is buttered. Charles Masters, whom I met yesterday, tells me Miss Elliston is charming. - He met her abroad some where, and says she is the daughter of an old love of Miss Bamford's ; so that explains the will. No wonder you described Sand fleat with such vivid enthusiasm. Nothing like the sea-side for love-making, I tried it myself once, but came to grief. I hope the wedding- is to come off immediately, for Georgie's, her mother tells me, is arranged to take place in Oetober, and I should like you to be married first to spite her. I al ways told you a hat a good-for-nothing worldly woman she was, and you see I have proved it ; for old Trombones is sixty, if he is a day — a white-headed old sinner. If it were not that he is taking the fair Georgie off your hands, I should say he ought to be ashamed of himself taking a young wife at his time of life. As it is, I wish him joy. Please say everything proper to Miss Ellis ton for me. 1 hope to make her acquaint ance before long,' etc. Never since the memorable day on which my godmother's will was opened have I felt mere puzzled than I did after perusing Frank's effusion. W y first idea certainly was that he had taken leave of his senses ; my second, that some one had made him the victim of a joke. I making love to Miss Elliston! Why, I had never seen her ; and what is more, never intended to do so. What could the fellow mean? Then I read the letter through again, and one point at least became clearer. I was a free man again ; free to offer my heart to Undine, for Miss Georgie had, on the questionable evidence of her own mother, decidedly jilted me. I must allow that I d;d feel a little piqued at her forgetting me so soon, and for ah old grey beard, too; and perhaps this it was which caused nie to betake myself in such hot haste to Undine. I found her sitting on the bench where I first saw her, prettier than ever in her silver grey dress and long blue veil ; and without waiting to collect myself, I went straight to my object, beginning by telling , her that serious business demanded my im- mediate presence in town. She looked up- at me then with such soft, tender eyes that made the rest very easy. 'Mrs. Campbell,' I said, 'you know my history, and I have told you my position, prospects, everything, in fact, except what you have perhaps guessed already, of my dear hope one day to call you my wife.' She blushed, stammered — looked divine, in fact. I hate the name of Elliston,' I exclaimed, passionately ; I only love you.' ' But Miss Elliston,' she said. ' You should' — - She held out her hand at this, and while I pressed it to my lips, she murmured : Oh, Claude, don't you know me ? I am Mary Beatrice Elliston.' » . And so she was; and I, Claude Elliot Riveradala, the barrister, and the acute man of the world as I considered myself, was forced to admit that I bad been outdone by the young person from Northumberland. To this day I cannot help fancying but that Frank Hardy had something to do with my mystification, though our friendship con tinues as flourishing as ever, and I have never yet had occasion to regret ' My Godmother's Will.' 