BUTLER'S' CATECHISM. i ; O J::.;: :.ji; . -Hi: ' NO. XX. J.N our;li\bfc we saw that the little children in.' -the , Popish schools, in: ".getting reli gious teaching,", get the seven;: gifts of the Holy:; Ghost "/ through! the '.' holy chrism " and " slapion. the; face" from tlie Bishop. The slap on/the face,, as ,we Baid, 'I reminds . ; every child ; that he or . she .7 is< strengthened: to suffer or;die!for Christ"-!-: a. ihing: which the poor; little things never knew before ; and,; no doubt; they would be frightened enough, and unwilling enough, even just after the strengthening, to " suffer for Christ," and much more to "die for him." If, after getting the slap on the face, 1 and the holy chrism, . they saw/, the: scavengers daughter " awaiting tlieml -outside the chapel, to give them ; the / fatal : squeeze of : which Dr. Vaughan knows : so . much, we are certain that the, "-strengthened " little child ren would , speedily find them selves "weak "enough; even to try the squeezing. ; Be, this, however, as it may, the little children are ;made to believe! and are reminded that they have been strength ened for suffering and death for the sake of Christ ! If this be part of the im posture of Popish confirmation, the other part is still more glaring as contrary to truth. , The little children are said to have received the " seven gifts of the Holy Ghost " viz., " wisdom, understand ing, counsel,; fortitude; knowledge, piety, and the. fear of the Lord." This is wonder ful : but is it true ? One has only to look at those children to see the falsehood. If it be said that they have received those gifts in the germ, and that :it : takes time for : the growth; to appear.;, we say, very well— Look at the children as they grow to years; "Would anyone believe that they had received seven gifts of the Holy Ghost? Comparing; them with the chil dren; that; get no such " gifts," is the proof manifest ? . The Public School is a capital place -for making the comparison. Here are lads of, say, twelve years. They got the bishop's slap on the face and the holy chrism and. the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, when : they were eight years old. The blessed germs, then, have, . had four years to grow. Look, at - thera side by side with the heretical lads .of the ,.same years, who never were slapped . by . the bishop, who " never .had. the sign-, of the cross made 011 ' their foreheads with holy chrism, and who never; received the "seven gifts." Look at them. .Would anybody imagine that they were, specially wise ? specially .conspicuous for . under standing ? specially good at giving or taking advice ? specially brave in- morals and goodness? specially-knowing in any thing worth knowing ? specially pious? and specially devoted to the fear of the Lord ? Or; take, for examplo, the" Popish girls of fourteen years, nearly finished with their Bchool education. - Those young girls, when eight years of' age, got the orthodox "slap," - and the "oil cross," and the " seven gifts of- the Holy Ghost." Well : look at them as they stand side by side with- those poor Protestr t girl of the same age,' who - never ei joyed such dis tinguished favours. L01 1 at them.; in goodness, in intelligence in modesty, iu virtuous feelings; in relig.o..s conviction, in the fear of' the Lord, in any quality whatever which makes beautiful and also admirable the female character, are those Popish girls superior to the girls -that were never confirmed by a .bishop ? Would anyone looking at' the two rows of girls in the same Public School, , ever conclude, or ever dream that the Popish girls had been blessed with the seven gifts of -the Holy Ghost, and that the other girls had not received any gifts at all ? The!- comparison; - we think, jg fair and warrantable. We think that the question is fairly referrible to patent facts ; but of this we are certain, that were anyone to say "Those Popish girls are the pictures of . wisdom; understanding,' counsel, forti- tude, knowledge, piety and the fear of the Lord; while those Protestant girls are the pictures of sad destitution of such spiritual blessings"— a falsehood would be uttered and an impertinence would be exhibited, which would need no further demonstration. Popish confirmation an swers" admirably 'for the; 'magnifying of lordly bishops and the teaching of chil dren to fear, the 'priest ; for as for any good which it does to the; children them selves,- the evidence will be found, if you follow those children throughout their after life; in their'occupatioris in the worldj and in' the gaols,- asylums, orphanages, and- refuges, Vernon schools,' and Biloela domiciles and reformatories, wheie, 'alas, a. very large proportion of them' find' their way,'- in course off time, while the " blessed \- germs " - are supposed to ' be growing within them ! .- Now, Butler goes on to sp< k next to the little children in Popish schools of another part. of their religious education. It/ is now" concerning the "Blessed Eucharist": — . What la the Blessed Eucharist? . "The body and ,blood, soul and; divinity,; of Jesus Christ, under the appearance of, bread and wine'.'.' ' 'a, . ' " What means the word Eucharist ?: 1 ' j' '.'. A special grace or gift of - God ; ' and -it means also a solemn act of thanksgiving, to God for all His mercies.", ; ... . - \- Now; what strikes us here; is; the oraft of Butler in choosing such a difficult word as " Eucharist," and in adding to it the word " blessed." Why call the Eucharist " blessed," as if it were or could be more blessed than any other sacrament ? The expression " blessed, most blessed Bacra- ment," as applied to the "Eucharist," suggests that this sacrament is better, more holy, than the other sacraments ; which, of course, suits very well the priest's false purpose to mislead the chil dren into a belief that there is somothiug special in the holiness of the Eucharist j but if all the sacraments were instituted by Christ, and all give grace, and all give eternal life to the soul, why not speak of most blessed baptism, most blessed con firmation, &c; ? No ; the orthodox phrase : is_« The most blessed Eucharist." In imitotion of this very cunning Popish device, the Ritualists have begun to use the same language, which they ought to know has not a shadow of countenance in Scripture; as, for example, you will hear our poetic friend, the Rev. Mr. Keinmis and his confrere Rits, speaking of "holy baptism," and "most holy sacrament," meaning the " Eucharist." Priests of all sorts must make distinctions and grada- : tions, otherwise what would be the use of their office, and what the worth of their priestly dignity? A - washerwoman, a crazy howd'ie, a 1 drunken charwoman, can administer " Holy baptism but oh, what profanity, what sacrilege, what blasphemy, what daring : impiety, if anybody, but a: mysteriously anointed priest were to dis-; pense the higher sacrament of' the " most: blessed Eucharist !" But why bring in tho word "Eucharist at all ? It is a difficult Greek . word which needs explanation. Why then use it V. Oh, it is grand looking ; .it sounds exalted.;, it . gives a mysterious air to, the thing ; it helps out the idea of " most bleBsed ;". and; therefore -it is most splendidly adapted for the priestly purpose of imposing upon the children with, pompous shams.i ln.only one: passage the apostle uses , the word -where; lie speaks of the " cup of blessing ;" but it is not. the .word which the . Scriptures , uniformly -uso to refer ... to the. sacrament' meant.., The Scriptures speak of " the Supper,", the " Lord's Supper ;" but Rome does not like the word "supper. The w;ord supper is too. common, too easy, and too -suggestive of certain' inconvenient truths to serve the priest's purpose. The difficult word " Eucharist " fits far better. It needs explhhation 'pand-in the explana tion it can be falsely stated that it means a " special grace or gift of God."' ' Thus tlie notion of " most 'blessed and - most holy " is insinuated and built up ; but- the word means no such thing ; ' nor -is it true that the sacrament referred to is a ; special grace or; gift .;of: God, im any sense1 that marks it out from all' the > other - graces or gifts of God,,in the; Gospel of Ghrist. If the word " supper " were used, might not the children . ask, "'supper? —is not: supper taken,, at -night ? is not' -supper taken in the - ordinary , table fashion and posture? . And, then, if the children - were to : read the' Douay Scriptures; they would see that the." Lord's Sapper "- .was instituted; . in-the evening; that it was instituted imihe- 1 diately after- eating ; the' evening. meal-:off the paBsover-;. rthattit wastinstituted with the bread or cakes which had been- used in the pasaover;: and. with th'ewine which had beenmseddn? thei passover' ;f and that that bread was eaten. and that .wine was drunk by all at the table.. Whatva. discovery! What a revelation, of simplicity, in the Lord's Supper L : What ;a proof to the little children ) that ..the " Lord!s Supper " and the "Popish Eucharist", are as different from veach. other ; as any "two things could' well, be ! -Butler,: however, tikes care, : that, no such result, as this should, follow. (He won't use, .the .word " Supper,!' but the word "Eucharist nor will he send the children to read the passages in the Scripture, to see how Christ and His Disciple? took , the Lord's Supper. Oh no; Butler won't, quote a single text on this , subject; ""whether " supper " or " eucharist " should be . the word; no;, for ho knew quite; well that if the children were to read they would see that a "supper" is taken in -the evening ; and therefore that " early, mass," " early communion," " morning"? celebra tions of the most blessed sacrament," and 1 " fasting ," as absolutely necessary to a proper Eucliarist, are Popish inventions which have changed the ordinance of the, " Lord's Supper " in a Pagan , pageant, mysterious and blasphemous, monstrous and wicked, false and insulting to the intelligence , of those who blindly submit to it ; but sublime and efficacious in setting up the priest on the neck, of the people to make them their slaves. - We shall go on with the subject in next issue. .. : , ? : 