"THE SPIDER THE FLY : OB, 1KKOG1NCE AT PLAY." AND BY MISS JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of " Lil," " Wild Georgie." " Baiting the Trap," "Mr. Doriilion.' "Touch and Go,' &c.;, &c;, &c.; CHAPTER XII. KLN'ETV DEGREES IN THE SHADE. The mesmeric power of a glance wan upon Victor Armstrong as he still strode on, after the hansom passed him, down Bond-street, with its closed shops and half-tipsy holiday stragglers, who had changed places with the ordinary flaneurs. But Armstrong heeded not external objects ; he was absorbed in the contemplation of the ideal creations of his own brain,and had reached the door of his club ia Pall Mall before he became cognizant of the fact that he had been wandering in a dream through the busy, noisy London streets. A dream of fair women ! Ah ! was their very beauty to be Victor Armstrong's bane ? And, as his fitful fancy flitted from Polly to Annika, and Annika back to Polly, would either of the two have been flattered by the comparison ? He loved Polly, who, her father had said, was totally indifferent to him ; so that dream should have ended, especially since the charms of this new beauty had burst on his gaze. But it was not so. Riveted though his attention was in admiration of Annika Dahl, Polly's image would not be obliterated, and during that evening walk it persistently obtruded itself.. " No interest can possibly be felt for a man who does not know how to fix his affections on one object and stick to it." A crusty-looking old gentleman is growling to a younger man, with whom he is conversing, as Armstrong passes close to them in the club lobby. It savours somewhat of a bathos, forming, as it does, a sort of epilogue to his own flights of fancy, and the sentence jars accordingly ; biroii'brings him back to a practical view of his position, and he can scarcely forego a smile as he walks up the staircase into the smoking-room. Was he in no wise ashamed of his vacillation ? Scarcely. What man among tliem all but seeks to attach to himself two mistresses, and Vic Armstrong, reckoned a prince among good fellows, would have lost his prestige and been voted a prig had he fenced himself about with a stricter code of love-laws than the rest. It was somewhat strange to find a man of Vic Armstrong's proclivities and utter impecuniosity wasting his time and his m< wy among the idlers of a West-end c!ub; but truth to tell he regarded his membership there as part of his capital, his very stock-in-trade. Where was more materia: to be found for one whose pen not unfiequently told of. the varied ipisodisin some chequered life than in glear.ii g the cdds-and-ends of gossip allowed carelessly to fly before the wind 011 the smooth surface of club conversation X On the evening in question it was scarcely for this purpose, however, that Mr. Armstrong had foregone his books and his papers in his Strand lodgings ' Jle wanted companionship. There were \+ 00 n;;tny cobwebs hanging about liis brain to enable him to do good work, however assiduously he might have devoted himself to his task ; no place so likely as the club to effect the sweeping process practically. And he was right. "Hollo ! Vic, whence that dazed expression ? You do look queer." " What is this 1 His eyes are pinkv. Was't the claret i" "Oh. no, no." " Bless jour soul, it was the" salmon; salmon always makes him so !" And a true specimen of young England clutched Armstrong warmly by the arm. " Pierrepoint! Why, who ever expected to see you. Of all the fellows one knows, how ccines it you are in town for Christmas V' "Just arrived from abroad this very hour ; been to Babel—to learn the multiplicity of tongues; and they are all jumbled in such a jam in my head that' I conclude," as the Yankees say, it is best to stick to English j and you, awn ijarqong— spell it with a c g.'" .-ifea'fl* "Oli. I'm very jolly." '"^r^" " So I should think by the look of you. Come, make a clean breast. Have you seen a ghost or been drinking " Neither the one nor the other ; I have had a long walk and am tired." "Polly and B. and a cigar; that is about tlw form; if you won't confess your shortcomings you can at least tell a fellow the news." " News at Christmas time !" and Vic Armstrong laughed. " Why everybody is out of town ; the yokels are having their innings." "Just so, hunting-field flirtations instead of doing the thing pleasantly in an opera box. I suppose you heard about I ady Betty Marsli and young HipsworthI" " No," said Vic ; " 1 don't know the 1 an." '".Notknow Hipsworth, that young cad in the Blues ! His father made glue or tU.rch or something. tie's rolling iu i) oner, curse him, and thinks himself a siwtli. Wei!, he's been hunting the country where Marsh is master this winter : dene double sport iu fact—foxes and vixens ; for Lady Betty is a vixen though she's a beamy, and how she has been such a fool as to exchange Marsh Court for Hipsworth's gluepots I can't conceive." " Nonsense, Pierrepoint. I trust this is not true. Lady Betty is my cousin." " The devil she is • Then the sooner you disown the relationship the better, or you might have to fight Hipsworth. Marsh takes the matter uncommon easy. Won't give up his foxes to run after his wife." " I liave heard nothing of this; it's very strange : when did it happen V' asked Armstrong. " Only yesterday—Christmas day of all days in the year to choose. It was the first tiling I heard when I got to town. Grant was swaggering about the platform, talking volubly as he always does." " Grant—what Grant V "Vic, by Jove, youjnust be qualifying for Colney Hatch. You have gone off your head altogether to-night. Big Grant, of course, the man with the huge Lead." " Oh, I know him, yes ; but I did not think he was of your world." " He is Gluepot's uncle ; belongs to the impecunious but poetical branch of the family ; and, of course, on account of his utter want of common sense, has been selected as the most proper individual to «.o after the runaways and bring them to ieaBon." " You know him, you say j" asked Armstrong ; to whom Lady Betty's escapade, though she was his cousin, was as nothing in comparison with the fact of having found among his intimates some one who could tell him about Big Grant. " Yes; in a sort of a way ; as one knows no end of extraordinary animals whose speciality seems to be that they have a distinct genius of their own." " What is the mystery of Grant's life V' " Mystery of his life, my dear fellow; that question is put far too bookishly. Be commonplace, for mercy's sake. The only mysterious thing about Grant. I should imagine, is how a man with Buch an. utter want of sense and solidity has managed to impress a dear and. confiding j.ul'lic w ith the idea that he is clever." " Then you do not believe in him V' "To me he is Bimply a joke." " Ah, but you are horribly matter-offpct, my dear Pierrepoint, I doubt if 3on believe in the existence of genius." " The real article is like an aloe, only flowers once in a hundred years or so. There has not even been a bud out sinoe I was born. When I do see one I'll let you know. Big Grant is Only a little thistle-down ; he scatters his twaddling rubbishing nothings about the .world for fools to pick up and value if they please." " I met him last night at a literary soiree." " By Jove, what a jolly lot of nonsense was talked, eh. Where was it 1" " At Madame Jules Regnier's." Mr. Pierrepoint gave a prolonged whistle. " So you go there, do you, Vic V The answer was a question: " Are they friends of yours V " Can't speak French, old fellow ; so I shouldn't plunge into foreign society in London. Did you meet a fair woman there with big blue eyes ?" The colour spread itself over Vic Armstrong's face, though he tried to look indifferent. " There was a lady there answering to that description, a girl they called Annika Dahl." " That is she—that is she. Look out for yourself, my boy." " Good gracious ! Do you think I am so veiy susceptible 1" Yet there was, to say the least, a certain amount of nervousness in Armstrong's manner. It was the second time that day he had been warned against Annika Dahl. " Not more so than your fellows ; but the syren is, perhaps, more dangerous. She has turned heads enough at Homburg and Baden, and played the devil in Paris." " Why, she is quite a girl !" "My dear lad, have you been living on salad for economy, or whence this amount of verdure ?" " Pierrepoint, don't chaff. I really seriously want to know about this woman." " She is as beautiful as an angel, and as false as the devil!" was the prompt answer. " I can see the former for myself," replied Armstrong testily. "And the latter you will live to discover, if you make further acquaintance with the lady." "Which means, I suppose, that you have been bitten—eh ?" ' My good fellow, there is no good in denying the fact. For four and twenty hours I acknowledge myself to have been under the thraldom of this fair, false woman. I broke the shackles which bound me by skedaddling, or Heaven , only knows what might have happened." "Details, give me details," asked Armstrong eagerly. " Who is she, and in what does the danger consist ?" ' Who she is is difficult to answer. She is either a wife or a widow. I suspect the former ; and the danger consists in her theory, which is, that by the power of her beauty she can conquer at will. but" " But what " But that you might as well lie down on the ground and worship the Florentine Venus." 'Pooh, nonsense ! I don't believe this. There never yet was a woman without a heart, a passion. You fire me to make the trial." And Armstrong looked at himself in a glass which hung on the wall, much as Annika had done when she left Madame Regnier's presence in the morning. Neither of them, perchance, counted their individual personal attributes to be below par. Pierrepoint's light bantering tone changed to one of gravity. He took the cigar he was smoking from his mouth, and after looking at his friend fixedly for a few seconds, he said slowly : " Be warned before it is too late. Avoid Annika Dahl as you would the deadliest snake that lies hissing among the grasses." " What fudge this is. I can take care of myself. She is more to be pitied than I am." " Vic Armstrong, you are not an ass in most matters. Don't let consummate self-conceit rule you in this. You'll come to mortal grief if you do." Armstrong laughed. "A bet on it, old fellow, that I come off scotfree and subjugate the lady." " The odds are dead against you, man, and the subject too grave to be treated as a mere jest." "Nonsense, take the bet. What shall it be—a tenner I I'm a poor man, and can't risk heavy stakes, but 1 am sorely in want of an excitement, and this young woman, according to your showing, seems likely to afford one." Air. Pierrepoint shook his head. " 1 don't like.," he said slowly, " but if it is to be a bet, I hope, with all my heart, you will win it." " The money is already jingling in my pocket. I can't think what you are alarmed at, mail. It is even starting ; we have not spoken yet." " Much better for you if you never do speak ; for I tell you the game is a losiug one. Let us talk of something else ; coau and join some fellows at pool." And all the chaff and fun had passed out of Pierrepoint's manner as he threw away the end of his cigar and passed his hand thoughtfully backwards and forwards through his hair. But the thoughts which had " quenched him" had given Armstrong " fire." His colour had heightened, his eyes beamed, his who it; demeanour had changed from the dispirited appearance it had borne when he entered the Club into that of a man who had found an object in existence, an aim and a bent for the superfluous steam which was constantly causing the machiner* pf his life to creak and strain. He foUftWed Pierrepoint to the billiard tabls and played as no one in that Club had ever seen Vic Armstrong play before. When, far oil in the small hours, he sallied forth to gain his Strand lodgings, he was richer by some pounds than when he started in the morning. CHAPTER XIIL CANCANS. " Cancans.—Slander in slippers, says an amusing French writer. The picture which presents itself in the interior of the dining-room at Torriugtonsquare, while Annika Dahl stands irresolute in the passage, is the very living embodiment of the idea. Madame Regnier's husband and his shadow, he who, dragged from the purlieus of Leicester-square, is paid to amuse M. Jules, not out of the household moneys, but out of the wife's private purse in coin of some sort, if not in actual gold, are sitting together. The last bon mot or joke is exercising them at this moment, for they are laughing immoderately, talking volubly, gesticulating freely, and looking two as unmistakable mauvais svjets as could well be imagined. When Annika at last made up her mind and opened the door, the odour of stale tobacco and garlic would alone have repelled a girl possessed of a less vigorous constitution; while, to judge from the appearance of the two men holding familiar talk within, it was a scene upon which few women would have entered unbidden. Strange the power, however, that Annika possessed. They both rose as she appeared. "Good morning, M. Jules," she said amiably and gently to the master of the house. Then she turned to his companion, and the look of contempt she gave him suddenly changed his previous mirth into trembling servility. " Leave us," she said coldly—" I have to speak with M. Jules." " Alphonse will not interfere; Alphonse is silent as the grave," suggested M. Jules deprecatingly. "It is well," she answered ; "keep your Alphonse. For my part I think a trio an intense bore, so good morning," and she turned to depart. " Pardon, Mademoiselle," and there was a slight emphasis on the word—" I present you with the occasion," and Annika bowed her head slightly, though a faint tone of colour spread itself over her face, as M. Alphonse passed her and made his exit from the room. " Let us hear, what is it ? It is not often I am honoured by a visit from you. Saprish.'" and Jules Regnier looked brutally at her, as one " moulded" of "coarse metal" alone would look at a pretty woman. She threw herself into the chair which Alphonse had just vacated and gave him look for look. It was obvious from her entrance that whatever the object she had to attain the task was not to plead and cringe. "Well," he went on, "can't you aiis»cr : What is it ?" Have you no respect for the feelings, M. Jules, which will come into play regardless of physical, legal, or moral com. ulsion ?" she said with a light laugh. " Bah," he answered, " leave big words and theories to Madame; they don't suit you. You are too womanly." "Ah, to be wholly a woman tells of empire," and she got up and stood before him. "Those mistaken members of the sisterhood who don the mannish habit and ape the fashions of the sterner sex lose more than half their power." " While you have retained yours intact ?" "We shall see," she answered, laugh- ing, " when I have found a subject on whom it is worth the trouble to exercise them." * There was a time"—began M. Jules, putting a lachrymose expression into his voice, and arranging, as though it were a velvet court dress, the rusty cotton of his dirt - stained morning wrapper—but she interrupted. ' No sentiment, for the love of Heaven; we have long since outlived romance."' ' You, at your age. to talk thus. Dieu I Why speak of years ? The heart never grows old." " Poor M. Jules !" and there was a tone of tenderness in her voice which none save one who noted the twinkle in her eye would have taken for acting. " Poor M. Jules !" ' Ah, you are in a caressivemood," and he leant forward to take her hand. As from the touch of a snake she recoiled loathing'ly ; but immediately recovering the outward semblance of friendliness, she reached her hand to him of her own accord. " You have been very kind and good to me, M. Jules. God knows what I should have done without you and Madame." Her words were a mere platitude, but she sought to render them forcible by the tone in which she uttered them, the sob she managed to give her voice as she spoke • All. Maiame, he said testily, " why allude to Madame ? She has scarcely been to you the friend she seems." It was obvious that M. Jules Regnier and his wife were not of one flesh. " How, Monsieur, what would you have me believe '." " Mon ciifent, believe nothing—that is to say, no good of any one." " Of coin se 1 am to make no exception for you. The evil I have heard is then true. I came here hoping you would contradict it." " Evil of me, and against you t Why, it is impossible and he accompanied his words with a leer such as made the proud blood tingle in Annika's veins ; and it was with difficulty she resisted the impulse of leaving the mysterious business, anent which she had sought this interview, to be settled by chance. She, however, resisted her inclination, and said, calmly, looking persistently at the floor meanwhile : " I am an orphan, almost dependent on my own industry for support. Sinoe my earliest girlhood I have been the victim of a miserable persecution. Will you, as one of my best friends, not help me to overcome it '?" ' So, Madame has been at work, has she I Say, what lias she told you >" " That you are about to make known my place of residence to Prince Lavradskoff." " Was this all she told you 1" " Was it not enough 1 For nine years now, since I fled to Madame Regnier's house in Paris, I have managed to elude him, though from time to time, as you know, his myrmidons have been on my track. But, thanks to your kindness and that of Madame, I have succeeded iu escaping. Why denounce me now Why not be my friend to the end I God. in Heaven only knows why this man should persecute me thus. I have no love to give him — never had but one feeling for him, that of the bitterest "and ictensest hate." And she grew so excited that she rose trom her seat and began to pace the room. M. Jules's blear eyes followed her. "You were wise in coming to me," he said, after a pause ; " Maclame has only told you half the story. Prince Lavivtdskoff is coming to London." He watched her face as he spoke. Every symptom of colour hud pjisied out or iv, and, stopping suddenly iu her w»°k. nhe looked at him fix<;uly for a sec>>ii<! : then (-he burst into an hysterical laugli " Do not play with me for mere torture's she cried, "but tell mo quickly that this is not true." " Upon my word you would have tuada an acLrtts worthy of the Franoais,'" he said, still looking at her with a.uniii-oiti< >u in his gaze. " iJivt. Speak, M. Jules. Tell me you are lying. Lavradskoff is not coming to London." For answer he took a letter from under a bundle of papers lying on his table aud gave it to her. With a flash in her eves she seemed to read it at a glance", throwing it on the ground and treading it under her feet. '' Great Heaven ! Can there be such baseness on the earth I " Base !" answered M. Jules, laughing ; " Which is base—is he i" pointing to the trampled letter, '' or am 11' " He, for offering you gold to discover my whereabouts ; you doubly base—false, treacherous friend—if you take it." " One must live, my dear child ; and money is very difficult to find. Madame Jules's habits are of an extravagance which is simply unsurpassable," whined the little Frenchman. Annika turned on him with the spring of a tigress. "Ill-gotten wealth availeth naught— but," throwing him a purse, '' there are ten sovereigns. I have not LavradskofFs wealth at command; but take them. Go, buy yourself a conscience, and leave me to follow my humble path in peace, hidden, if it please God, for ever from this bad man's ken." " Quiet, quiet, my child ! These airs you have assumed, so early in the day, too, are enough to give one a fit of apoplexy. Sit down and let us make a compact." " It is useless," she said ; " what guarantee have I that you would keep it * No, in God's hands I will leave the future. He will not wholly desert me." " He has not given you much sunshine in life, according to your own showing," suggested M. Jules; "I would give up trusting too much if I were you." "I did not come here to listen to lectures on profanity," she said proudly, " and as I am somewhat pressed for time, I should be glad to know whether you intend to acquaint the writer of that letter with my address, or whether you will accept the ten pounds as hush- money ?" " You know that I am always willing to be of use to you," he whimpered. " I will tell this man nothing ; merely write a few lines to enquire for what purpose he is so anxious to know your whereabouts. It seems hardly possible that love, even for you, can have survived in the heart of this Prince daring nearly ten years." " Love ! More like revenge !" she said sternly. "Good morning, M. Jules, I suppose I may trust you for the present," and she turned to depart. " We are good friends," he said, assuming once more his whining tone. Truth to say—little reptile though Jules Regnier was—he had never intended really to betray Annika's secret for LavradskofFs gold; but it had a in used him to torment his wife with the idea that he should do so, and on the whole he considered that he came very well out of the affair. Anyhow, he was ten pounds the richer than if he had put the letter in the fire. It never occurred to him that he was committing an act of revolting meanness in taking Annika's money. In the school where he was educated the transaction would scarcely have been condemned. Annika turned once more and held out her hand to him, more perhaps from compulsion than amity. " You will let me have the answer to your letter when you receive it ?" Yes, yes, my child, without a doubt." Poor lka ! poor lily ! Was this the mesh into which fate had forced her—to live among people whom she despised and distrusted—in a a constant state of combativeness with her own high feelings, which could never be brought down to a level with the instincts of the lower animals that surrounded her. 