MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1880. About five months ago the navvies em-<*> ployed on the Nairne Railway were re-<*> ported to have struck for higher wages and shorter hours. It soon became known, however, that the movement fax from being general was traceable to the action of a few malcontent spirits, men of the stamp who are ever ready to throw the relations of masters and workmen into confusion. They were noisy and active enough for a day or two, and succeeded in causing temporarily a partial stoppage of the works. But it so happened at that particular time that the contractors could afford to be indifferent to the turn the dispute assumed. The weather was adverse to continuous operations. Short time or no time was the order of the day- Besides, labor was plentiful and the places of the discontented could easily be supplied. These and other truths pertinent to their own interests were laid before the men by Mr. Walker, who further assured them that their terms could not and would not be entertained. The conviction that they had made a mistake was soon impressed upon the navvies, who saw that their prudent course was to resume work. Tlus the majority of them did, but we under stand that the actual instigators of the strike were discharged. This latter step doubtless conduced, to the apparent har mony that has since prevailed, despite the trying drawbacks due to frequent cessa tions of the work caused by the wet weather. It is, in our opinion, to be regretted that the navvies have seen fit to renew the differ rence with their employers. The promise of a good understanding between them was belied by the conduct of the men on Satur day. So far as we can learn, and the infor mation has been obtained from some of the men, a general strike has on this occasion taken place. At one portion of the line the navvies ceased work on Saturday morn ing, and proceeding along the rest of the railway were joined by their fellow- work men. By noonday operations on the cut ti?gs and embankments were stopped. Considering the readiness with which this was brought about it is obvious that the strike bad been quietly conceited. No notice, towever, so far as we are aware, was given by the men of their, intention to their employers, who thus sud denly found themselves face to face with a crisis. Mr. Walker, the senior partner of die firm of Walker & Swan, is ye believe st present in Melbourne, not foreseeing, it may be supposed, the aspect flairs would assume in his absence. It oes sot appear that before abandoning their work the men deemed it advisable -to approach JHr.Swan by deputation or other wise and submit their terms. If this be the case they must be blamed for adopting a course alike unfair and indefensible. The barest courtesy would have suggested that before throwing down their tools they should at least have given the contractors an opportunity of saying whether or net their terms could be entertained. It maybe that they conceived die previous decision of the contractors was unalterable unless a combined display of aggressive force was made. If so, it would have been advisable for their own sakee to hare re flected that Mr. Walker, who formerly re jected their demands, is in the very quarter where labor is at this time easily procured. Perhaps they may again discover that they have in their rashness committed an error, and at any rate they may be assured.that if the facts be ac they are represented^to us their mode of raising a labor dispute will not meet with public-sympathy or approval. The merits of the dispute iteelf are quite another matter.. The arduous labor exacted from the navvy is notorioos; bat equally notorious is the fact that his wnmn^w. habita -render bis services less valuable than they would otherwise be. Uncertain absences from work even at the very^ime when it is most necessary it should be poshed on are a source of expense as well as of annoyance to contractors. In this particular ?ngt«nfy? it hardly looks as if bonny play had pre vailed among the men. Seven shillings «nd sixpence may or may not be a fair wage for nine hours' work, but if it is not then the wages question might be settled by some form of arbitration. What is less cleat is that on such doubtful ventures ac railway construction men should insist on working as hour less per diem, and at the came time demand the same rate of wages. What this must mean waere so many hands are employed any one can easily divine. The contractors have not only to bear an enormous additional outlay on which they did not reckon, but an important public work is delayed in construction by the time which the docketing of an hour per day for each man represents. We learn that a meeting of the navvies is to be held this morning, and we trust for all concerned that an acceptable way out of the difficulty will be found. Tea and kindred liquors have become beverages of each universal use that any doubts which may be expressed as to their wholesomeneES or safety ate sore to occa sion widespread alarm. Since September 25, 1660, when Samuel Fepjs records in his Diary that he drank hie first cup of tea —a hitherto unknown luxury to Euro peans—the consumption of this agreeable decoction has kept on increasing-, and in England alone tea was imported in 1877 to the extent of over 167 imlKnmg of pounds. South Australia, with a population of a quarter of a million, imports over two millions and a quarter pounds of tea; with^eome classes of the com munity it is a concomitant of every meal and an occasional refresher between the ordinary feeding-times; and nothing is more striking to the " new chum" than the avidity and constancy with which the tea pot and the " billy" are kept in use in our sub-tropical climate. Our British ancestors diank beer for breakfast, and in those lusty days it was made matter of com plaint that " through drinking of tea Englishwomen were no longer equal to eating- beef of a morning 1' —men would hare spurned the effeminate tea in those days as they ecomed the distaff. Bat we Lave changed all that. As a recent writer rajs, " We are now become more sensitive, morehighly strung, more nervous—tea is ex citing. Ourappetitesasaruleaieoiorejadedi more capricious—tea is a stimulant. Out refined natures turn from gross and heavy feeding—tea is a delicate drink, can be served in pretty china and among luxurious artistic surroundings. We are intellec tually inclined—" tea is the solace of the brain." Tea is the fashion of all classes, from the washerwoman who gulps it down boiling hot in the intervals between wringing and soapsuds to the aristocratic exclusives who gather together aa after noon crowd of idlers and call it a kettle drum; while it forms a very large and in dispensable part of the diet of great num bers of the lower and middle classes—espe cially the female portion of the household— of agricultural laborers and of our bush population. Any discussion, then, on the healthy or deleterioas properties or tea must * have great interest, and such discussion? have recently been rife. Our leading medical men are recognising the principle that pre vention is better than cure, and are devoting great and growing attention to matters of ventilation, cleanliness, exercise, and diet, in their bearing on the preservation and im provement of the health of the community. And in doing this they ruthlessly come athwart our favorite appetites and ruth lessly demolish our cherished theories. Dr. Richardson, like the court physician of Barataria, waves off the dinner table every thing in the shape of fermented liquors. A German savant recently denounced coffee as strongly as a teetotaller bans gin; and now grave doubts are whispered as to the usefulness of tea, and atrong professional assertions made that it is positively noxious and dangerous. Dr. Ernest Hart, writing in the Sanitary Stvkw some time since, expressed a wish to banish the teapot from the breakfast table, and substitute oatmeal or hominy jorridge; and now doctors nearer, ourselves Turn conmaowd to take op the parable tgainat the "cup that cheers but not btebnates." Jk. paper « tto " Therapeutic* of Tea- ! MekJag" «m read at the October meeting of flu> HWtol Sodaty of Victoria by Dr. iftAooey, Uam. Physician to the Melbourne nuaailwl, and eanftsda considerable tanoont diacuasion. Ia this as in other smtton connected with distotics Mafiai* diffsr; for, says die essayist, "the Nftogdof «xperim«nU ]mvm ona in grave doubt wb«taer tea has any effect at all, at ob the other band is not a powerful poison/ DcMoloney has himself coma to the con dasioa that the use of tea is in certain cir mmitUncw so pernicious that he declares, "I am najMHdedjtfcat nuaek of the lonacy in the intstiot is helped if not caused by ' ottimg tea drinking;'' but this and the minor evils of dyspepsia and nerroasaesa ! be ascribes not so much to the tea itself as . to the manner in which it ia inf ttttd and drunk. Then an three principal «V?w?fa| b tea. The aromatic oil which giro the bouquet, a nitxogeaoua alkaloid vary ing, in quantity and potency called theme, and talmm, to the latter of which Pr. iftolimyascnbeeiJbehsusiifal results. The potancf of tasuia the doctor believes to be vary much greater than is generally sup fossd,andiia esftata an well aoen in the narvaMsjtakmge which develop thenMelves in conameabittar drinker*, and thenaroos ■caatatnViM and tMmbbnga which, hare frayieutiiy tawlted from A* anidaaaaass of the notedy prasnbjatod eon for jnwlwmtisn, tha lied Pera?ian bark aolntion of DTJnger, Dipsomania ia largely d«e to a "craving for atimalattan of the gusUtery branch of the£fthnern, nandit,isonthisthatetrong qiriia, eqoa% with the tannin ia the owr winted Ctfnger can and in improperly lafoaed tea directly acts. The ateenirth. ot tiiia craving asd the mode H its opeoaon wen vary hilj ancoased noeady in the Spapoabua on Aloohol ia the OtMtemporory Review. Ona writer there pointed out "the inflnence of excite ment of the gvstatory branch of the fifth narve; this ia it which craves for the spur or «q? of tha atrong drink or strong1 tea; and without dtmbtmoch spirit drinking and atroup tea drinking a? d«a to this craving-.*' The first element to which Dr. Maloney refers, the aromatic bouquet, can be ex tracted from tin tea by infusion ot the leaves in boiling water for no more than three or four minutes, and this ia the mode in which it ia used is China and which is fiunitiar to ail tea tasters. So prepared Dr. Maloney finds in it a refreshing and valuable therapeutic agent, bat as mad rea^j and partaken of is cine ou of ten ordinary households he believes it to be not only void of bene ficial but productive of harmful results In the discussion which followed a general «mse of the value of the paper was ex preese J, though exception was taken to th swei-j.injr nuture of several of the state meets All of the medical men present had, however, their own stories of accusa tion to hurl at the devoted head of tea as a continuous article of diet. It was ad mitted on all handa that £excesaivtt tea drinking produced bad results, but it -era" «ot generally conceded that tannin was th* producing cause. Dr. Balls Headley was iacHned to look for some more potent in gredient, and fortified bis position by tailing of a wonderful terrier he possessed, "widen wonld often drink put of the remains of tea in the pot One evening It dnnk half a cupful; for half Ike following night the dog kept awake, barking londV tfeMagh nothing was wrong in the hows, ami those svmntonu in tha dog wtow qaito tmusoaL" Dr. Beadle? told of a hors? atiU man remarkable than this terrier, wsien nscenUy "ate part of a. chest of taa aad became lunatic and /rreafly excited, sad a fatal Rente followed;" and bom these and similar data be draws the deduction that • with tin lower animals tea fcas a power of etimatation beyond what can bs ascribed to tanma, and tfcit argument aay fairly be used with (aspect to human beings." This attonger property may be tha theme, or tootAwg "*™ *> «*? wtfva pria dnla in tlu? guana* and meto-aoste plants, which an kaowatn South America for their ■natainiag and sttmtlatingqualities; and the latter of which-the mete-mete or Paraguayan tea—is that which Dr. Tanner ia supposed to save take* aurnptitioaaly and in concestmted form to enable him to sustain his forty days' fast. Tbe outcome of the discussion seems to have l*en that tea is decidedly injurious if taken in undue quantities at of great strength. When it is used, as it frequently is, as a continuous beverage several times a day it produces narvonimnes, want at appe tite, headache, conUvenoee, flatatence, aad •Jaenksfaeas, and one medieai man aseerted that« ia teis ookny he could distinguish « tes-pttlas- and « tea- heart, titoagb thess wm? aatyuOj dafewntiafled fcam simiUr 'Conditions ilannnwsnt «n tobaoeo." These gynntomt «ran constantly «een in bush nan. The UtaffeeU of tea an greatly intensified, by long infuswn. As used in China where tbe leaf ia only in con tact with the hoc water for a few moments before it la strained off, th* beverage is not only insocaoM but atimw taring; when it is long inf need to extract due strength, the tannin or other actively Injurious agent is 1 drawn out ea4 drvak. The doctors com- | plain thai; some people rarely empty the ] pot, " just adding move tea (torn time to tine as Tequined"—and this is altogether hurtful. Teardpplen who have the brown j pot constantly at the fireside, and help themselves to periodic drams of the long- . infused compound, are partaking of a liquor less injurious only in degree than alcohoL j All these dangers we have named be set tea-drinkers even with the purest leaves from China, but it is well known that extensive adulterations pre vail, and that John Chinaman has sot been alow to learn the lesson in roguery first taught him by unscrupulous Europeans. It is no guarantee of purity that you get a cheat of tea precisely as it com** from the Flowery Lutd, for the Chinese manufacture what they quaintly call " Lie tea," and this according to com. patent authority is "an ingenious eompo sition of dust of teaieaves, sand; quartz, and magnetic oskU of inn—ail skilfully •nitedby a solution ef starch into Ettte masses of various forms" and sites in imita tion of different lands of tea," which in genious adulterations are sold at low prices to low foreign traders. On the whole, therefore, even tea-drinking is not free from perils; there is sometimes death even in tin cup; but it is a pleasant beverage, endeared by pleasant associations, and till doctors agree more fully about its ill effects than they seem at present likely to do, we suppose we shall continue to rip the cup with what precautions we may, and as heedless as possible of theme, tannin, and artificial adulterations. The R3LS. Rosette, with English malls and HMsfiagirs en beard, arrived at CHenelg on SeaaWy. Ostober 81. at 3 oVdeefc. Shis voyage is bernrst one, as she was launched only a few montnsage. Her average speed bom Gsllcwm twelve knots. The Bosetta sailed for Melbourne about noon,'aad about f oar boas after her de jartaM the B.M& Hydaspes, with the out going mails, armed from Melbourne. The Bydacpes left about 8 pjn. for Galle. Mr. W. Quin, late member of the House of Assembly for Port Adelaide, returned to the colony by the Atjeh on Sunday. It will be remembered that Mr. Quin resigned bis seat in Parliament in order to take a sea voyage for the benefit of his health. He has since been to Java and back, but we are sorry to say that his trip has not resulted in the desired improvement of his health. A butcher named John Murray, in the employ of Mr. Freer, of tbe Semaphore, had «U lag broken at Fort Adelaide en Saturday, October 80, by a cart falling co him. We have received from the Government Btatistof Victoria a oopy of a paper on &.m- SralianSSatistiaa far IB7>, emptied from official retaiGa, aad a report by Mr. Hayter. The Gawkr Bunyip understands that Mr. O.K. Aaderson, tiie ticket clerk who was snapended pandng an in^natigatinn into Me books and amounts, has paid up ail meaay4ae to the Government according to his hooks. A requisition is being signed for preeen tatisa teMr. OmnafflovOaan, of Gawte, ask ing hnn to aUew himself to be nominated for the mayaratty of that town. The Bumvip eon sidars that it is likely Mr. Dean wiU oonsent to stand, and that in him the town wUI find a good officer. A deputation wfflwah on Councillor H. W. Tbam?sott this asoming at Part Adelaide to ask him to aOsw himeeU to be nawinatei as mayor «f tne diatrict lor the enanmg year. In tbeaftenooon memorial wiH be presented to Mr. J. WaUaee, asking hian to com forward as eonneulor for bat WanL \ At tbe annual general meeting of the j Da«tadseolsn,tneorponted > onTnnrsday,O?to> berSS, tba tallowing offisers wen elected:— Mr. T. ShoKk president. Mr. K. Hamburg vtoe presUent, Mr.Otto Ktapfkebonecary wmmiaiy. Mr. J. Bobeb hooorary treasonr. and Mr. A. Botte booorary viee-Mcretary. It will be seen by aar Victorian telegrams thai morning that Louis J. Wilsen, editorof the Oawler £«ayti> and derkof the Madia Wirra Dirtrict OaaneO. was arrested en a charge of embtsxtement by two Adelaide detectives on tbe arrival ef the AUicga at Kelkoorneoa Friday evecing, and was bmoght before tbe Polioe Ooart en the following morning, but discharged^ We are informed by Messrs. Harrold Brothers Oat the St. Vincent, whtefc sailed from Port Adelaide for laadoa an ftiday, October 30\. took a general cargo ot wheat, wool, bark, and tallow. The Oite of Adelaide, of tbe same line, tailed on October 31 tmm Port Aagata wits 130 tons of copper ere, SO toss of wheat, and 3.&0 bales of wool. As will be seen by a report in another column, about 700 navvies employed by Messrs. Walker Jt Swan, tbe contractors for the fiat section sf the Nairn* Baflway, struck work on Saturday morning, the reason being that thjy were dissatisfied with the present terms ot their employment. Mr. Swan is to meet the men to-day win a view of indncteg them to re turn to work. Tbe bazaar in connection with Stow Cturch. held dariag the fast weak in feto Town Hall, wascontianed on Baftday with unabated success. Thraas^wet tne afternoon and evening there was a crowded attendance of visitor*, and the fair vendors Aid a. briak txade, tbe proceeds of the day's sate amoosting to about £UO. As ta*n remain* en hand a considerable surplai of goods the basaar will be .continued to-day. It will be observed from an advertisement that Bra. HO£ Maecke ie to be installed as OMdet Grand Master «C ttw MMooic order here under the Scotch Oonstitu tioe on XoMdcy Inext. Bra. Moeoke is a acaleos and mthnsiastic mason, and his ehims for the high ofiee to which be has |a>t been appointed have keen lor aome time past recognitert by tbe membenof thecraft. We anticipate, thsrefora, a briUiaut gathering ot tt c mombefs of the mystic eraer at tbe ccre manyof insmllaiinn On Bundoy afternoon, October 31, the annual flower aerrtoe was held in tbe Hmd saftiaet-eqaare Oongregatioeal Oburea. There was a fas attendant*. The church was very foattUy deooeatod. and tha sahoot ebildren eaL tributed ttieir quota to tbe general floral dis play. Addbaates on flowers were given by tbe Bevs.B. M. Hunter and F. W. Oat, and the eiuldienaaaganumberof'hymntinapleas?ig mewner. The flowen used in connection with SbeMrrleewere aftarwsrd* taken to tbe Hos pital,aadno:dembtthey wfllbe gnatlyappre ciated by tbe inmates of that inatSuttai The following is Saturday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Fort Denrm Telagnph Oner-Port Darwin, &JB;, light, elearTuoeT Boutaport, H.W., bean, dear, fine; Tarn Creek, &x7fight;, dear. sa«; Pine Creek. eak?, dear, fine; BrrerOanerine, H.W, U«fat, clear fine; Daly Waters. S.B, light, dear, fine; V?mU Ctaeek, K,fwb, dasr. fine; Ten naat Creak, B.W, gale, clear, fine; Barrow Grace, X, strong, etear. ftae; Aiue Springs, oalm, dear,fine; Charlotte Waters, B.E, mode ate, doady. fine; Peak*, &,mmWate, doady. fine; •trangways Sprmgs, eabu, dear, fane; Farme, calm, dear, fine; Beltana, calm, dear, fine. The adjourned quarterly meeting of the Adelaide Ketail Drapeta* Aanatants 1 Aasoeiatian was held at the King of Hanover Hotel, on Friday evening, October SB. There was a good atten dance of members. The secretary's report for tbe past quarter, snowing tbe work done by the committee, was adopted. A vote of thankt wu passed to the members who had acted as a sab eoasnuttos in ennnectton with tbe excureia? to Metgan «n August 9, the result of which had been to place a handsome maount to tbe credit of tbe assodation. The balance-sheet, which was wtepfeo', showed the association to be in a more tetiafeetory state than it bad ever been Bmvieudy. TbefaJb^gcQof cubscriptionsror tbe past ooarter. the means of steaming snorter boars of labor, ana the forthcoming Christmas holidays naving been JUenssaJ, the meeting W*s dedssea dosed until favtber nefioe: We take tbe following paragraph from tfce Evfxa* Maa-.— uU m net without a ferfiag of regret tbattae friends of Mr. Jcdah Bootbby at borne have Jeernttha result of the enquiry into bis expenditure at the Paris Erhi bfOO?. We ace told chat tue committee ate ot opinion that ttte Auditor-GeneraJ and Under- Becretsiy have acted in a aaost unwarrantable and improper msfimer. tbecne in drawing, end the other in psawag payment of the warrant for 1 £Lfo3. it would becurioue to know wuet the ; expenses of tbe other worn inissi oners were. Ontainly £I^oo seems a large sum for persona! expenses daring the tisae tbe esfaimtun was open, but it moat be remembered that Mr. Bootbby was tbe Executive Commissioner of a very important colony, and we are quite sure tibere would have been as great, if not a greater, ottery had tbe representative of Sooth Aosttalia acted in a manner that would have led English and American visitors to look upon the colony as poor and mean, or in any way inferior to its mils." The city coroner held an inquest at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Saturday morning, October 30, oo the body of Donald j MeOartney,aboy,agedaboutsevenyears,whoiraB accidentally kflted on the previous day. Mr. 6\. Hill was foreman of the jury. Alexander Craib, a little boy, said he was playing with two boys in a two-wheeled dray in a yard on North patnde when deceased came behind and com menced swinging on the back of the vehicle. Went to the edge of the dray to look ever when it tipped up and pitched him and hie companion oat, without batting them. Then saw deceased lyicg down on his hack, with the edge of the eartenhiastG?iacb. Immediatelf pulled the cart into position, took deceased from under it, aad left him in the hands of his father. There was a, little rope swing on the back of the dray, «v which boys used frequently to play. Fanny ateOatteey, sister of deceased, who watched the aeddent from a window, corroborated. Ann ■UOartaey, mother of deceased, said she «aw the boy just after the accident, and about fifteen minutes before he died. Askedhimhow be came to be hurt, and he said "Sandy," meaning Alexander Craib. Catherine Aldred, MguTgnwe-keeper,fcaid toe drey belonged to her, and «M in her yard. Had tried by every means in bee power to keep children from i playing on it, bat without ami. Dr. Oortis *aid he was «alled to flee deceased on Friday | evening. On examination he foand that eerioas injury to tbe abdomen bad been •attained, ceasing great pain. Tbe boy died a few minutes after witness bad «mmm<i him. Death was i caused by internal hemorrhage. A vardiet of accidental death wa? retained. With reference to the copper market the London Mixing Journal at Sept. IS writes:— " ?ftni niMbj fay totj qniftt, «nfl pri-*" nfHf been (lightly easier, which is ?t* •orpriaing, considering the limited ?«""?* of business whiohjsjbeing transacted. The market opened, however. onMonday with rathex a bettered juiry for .Chili ban at £00155., but since which the demand has kept dull at about £3010 ft, and yesterday as low as £60 was quoted, and the closing quotation to-daj is £60 ss. The Chili charters for tbe first fortnight of this month are I£QO tons,of which 850 tons is in regains. The bi-monthly returns of Chili produce, shoving tbe stock in first and second bands in Liverpool and Swansea, are unasJkwfaetory. as jthey show an increase of 1^284 tons, the stock on the 15th I tost, being 33,883 tons, against 32,508 tons on | the SUt tilt The deliTeries for the first tort- | oigtt ate only about half of the imports for tbe same time, and compare very unfavorably with those for the corresponding fortnight of last year, being 1,288 tons against 3,148 tons; where aathe imports for similar periods are 2JS7O to • against 8,534 tons. It is, however, satisfacto y I to find that tbe total imports for the first eight mostits of this jear ar* somewhat leas than to-y were in 1879, being 64.019 tobs against 6Q.E07 tons; bat as there is about tbe sama decrease in tbe exports, which are 41,527 tons against I 43^05 tons, tbe improvement in the one about counterbalances the deficiency in the other, | There is so Improvement in tbe demand for j Advices from New York, dated the Ist met. < state that ljake Ingot is quiet «nd unchanged «t 19 c., which U tie nominal quotation, but there are sellers, at less. Tbe demand is only mode rate. Baltimore is obtainable at l&i; to 18|." I Mr. Matthew Burnett held Ins second ! temperance mass meeting at Fort Adelaide on , Saturday evening, October SO. There were about 1,300 persons present. The chair was taken by Mr. X. H. Derrington, J.P, who was acoont- j panied en tbe platform by Mr. Burnett^ Mr. J. B.Stephens (bon.secretary),the Beys. S.Kay- 1 mood, B. Kelly, J. Bamber, A. Stabba, J. | Price, and others. In opening tbe meeting tbe chairman said he bad beard It stated is various quarters that Mr. Bnmett was influenced by monetary motives in carrying on his temperance work, and tha* be was making a goo J thing out of it. He (tbe speaker) had gone to some trouble in enquiring into tbe matter, and be could tell them thatMr. Burnett did not receive ' one farthing for his work, but that he was car rying it on for the sole purpose of reclaiming 1 the drunkard. The Sev. S. Raymond then made a long apeeth on tbe temperance question, tt* made some unfavorable comments on tbe Adver tisers opinion* on the rabjeot, though he con sidered some praise was due to it for ita full and impartial reports of Mr. Burnett's meet tings. Mr. Oi?, amidst much cheering, gave an amusing temperance address, which was inter fpsrsed with many anecdotes and bit* of poetry. Mr. Burnett also made a long speech. He teverdy condemned those ** who bad been look ing into his private affsirs, with which they had nothing to do;" and referring to those who ttated that he was working for remuneration he said be would teil them once for all that never in tbe course of bis public career had he re oeivvd one farthing for his labor* in tbe tempo rasce cause, and he would giw £50 to the chair man to be divided amongst tbe local eberiiable instxtutkma if any one could prove that In hai don* so. He considered that such statement* wexe insulting to him, and he trusted be would hear no more of them. (Hear, beat.) Selection* of music were given at intervals by the baud and choir m attendance. On Sunday afternoon Mr. Burnett gave a long address on th-j aiasinris* wharf to a large congregation. In tbe evening Mr. Burnett preached in the Wesley *n Church on "The pale bane and his rider." foe church was full to overflowing, and at the prayer meeting which followed tbe service tbe building was also filled. Tbe total camber of pledges taken at Port Adelaide sinoo Mr. Bor netf. arrival is 670. Tbe following resignations have been ap proved of by the Minister of Kdoostion:— From December 31, Kichard H. Jarman, bead teacher, fort MaeDonneU ; Theodore Hiehnna, bead teacher, Eadnnda; Kate A. Vfcitridge, third assiaUiit tsaeber.Oentral Model School; Charlotte Davis, first assistant teacher, Kapvoda. From October 9, Mary Elliott tem porary assistant t—tifcer, Qawbrr. From beptocJwr 30, Clara Walters, pupQ teacher, Mount Barker. Srssa December 81, Locretja Orotcbett, popil teacher, Moonte; Mary Le Galley, monitor, NaiUwortk. Tbe fol lowing appointments have also been ap proved of by the Minister:—From October 25, Samnel fimali, bead teacher, Kil kecran. From October 18, Annie K. Hlntley. temporary assistant, Gawfer. From July 1, Josiah Bagara, provisional teacher, Barsnga. From October 1, Carl Lammal, provisional teacher. SMfcilTis Belt; DavM B. Gardner, pro vbiooaltcaeber,o*rnmalk?. From August 9. Annie M. Mitchell, pcovistenal teacher, Saltia. From October 1, Maria Newed, provisional teacher, Hiadmanh Island; *<■■ j. Aicher, aewmg-s?iatnea, Wibmingtou; Annie Laurie! monitor, Kulpan. From Sepcember 1, Jane Simpson, monitor, Wasleya. From Augutt£l, Emily Ekert, snenitar. Angle Vale. From Bep tembw 1, J«bn H. IngUe. awAor, Georgetown. From November 1, Caroline Baook, pupil teacher, Kingston. From January I, Henry J. ■Arwrttege, pnpU tanebsr; Isabella S. Herrmr, Julia a. Murntt. and Ftom F. Haano, purnl teachers, Norwood Model School. frotuMsyh. K&ttfe; I*. Onlley, pnpD teacher, Stratbalbyn. From April 1, BUen Pyne, papa teacher, Lefevre's Peminsnta. Front October I, Jane Lindsay, jmpU teaaher, htUmf* ftsninsila. From October 1, KmUy Priest, teacher. Bait Adelaide Model School. {Van April 16. Agnes 8\. Hendry. pupil toaeber.Bsat Adelaide Model BefaooL FromOeteber LSosan M.Oeason. From January 1, Alfred A.Oteatanburr, Frederick N. Ltak.Catberina Rows, and Ida WiUiamaon, pupil toaebers, Nortfc Adelaide Model SchooL Froa July 1, Sarah A. Obtstonbory, pupil teacher. Oawler. From January 1, Alice Bkers, pupil *t?-*ifr. *T«««^'«t?—*i ; Thinmii Bo berts, pupil tescher, Hinduarsb; Robert J. Heale, pupil tfrhfj. K?p**wfl* • *""JW E. Field, pupil teacber,Moun? Gammer From January I, Bdith G. Keen, pupU teacnar, MoonU; Sdward J. Oates,pupil teacher, Moonte; Kama Ooater, pupil teasner, Uoonte Mines. From July 1, Eichard Button, pupU teacher, Moonte s/in«.. From February JL, Mary J Tonkin, pupU teacher, Moonte Mines. From January 1, Walter Xresiae, pupil teacher. Mooute Mines. From February 1. Hannah SnteUffe, pupfl teacher, Fort Adelaide. From May 1. Annie M. Bshroeder, pupil teacher. Wal laroo Bay. From January L, Theodore L. Beach, pupH teacher. Oentral Model rkheol; Albert Koontega, papU teacher, Oentral Model School. From November l,Ale«hea A. Mander, pupil teaeber, QoadwDod. From Fefaraary 1, AnABS OoteO?, pupil teasher, Kingston. Front October I, LenW Kaysor; puptl teacher, Lyo docn. From Jannary J, Henry EL Dana, pupil teaeber, Stirling Bast. The adjourned meeting of the South Australian Poultry Sseiety b to be held this evening at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel. A public meeting ie to held in the Port Adelaide Town Hall this evening for tbe pur pose of taking steps for the holding of a regatta on New Year's Day. Toe annual athletic sports in connection ' with tbe Kensington Football Club were held on the Kensington Oval on Saturday. The i various events were wall contested. : Tea and public meetings will be held in the Primitive Methodist church, Boaawater. this evening. Previous to the tee Mr. Matthew : Burnett will deliver an address. To-day is the last day on which Mr. O. J. Coates, the hon. secretary to the Booth Aus tralian Commission for the Melbourne Exhi bition, can receive entries for wool for that exhibition. Garner's Theatre waa well attended on Saturday night, when Protestor Pepper gave another of bis very popular ghost entertain ment?. The various scenes were greatly appre ciated by those present. On Saturday afternoon Professor Pepper lectured on ",Ble&u3Btary; Aabonomy''in Garner's Tfaeeire, to a crowded bouse, composed oi juveniles. The particular subject chosen was " Tbe comets, stare, nebula? and meteors," and it is hardly^cecessatT to aay that the professor invested it with much interest, and made bis explanations co clear that bis youthful audience thoroughly understood and appreciated his address. The entertainment closed with tbe professor's shadow pantomine, which evoked nproarioas merriment. We have received Mr. tVilliams's pocket diary for the current month. The current month's number of The Rough Ashlar, the Freemasons' organ ot South Australia, bag been forwarded to us. 