EXHIBITION NOTES. (Br Cosmopolitan.) Tea as a high art—" High tea —Five o'clock flirtariums— Victoria— The great scene-shifter— Progress— Future great- nes3 Manufacturers — Behind the Y scenes— The Australian "Huntly and 1 "Palmer" — Hot plum-pudding— Oceans <,f treacle— Parlour gymnastics — Tlic jurors' aviary— Melbourne by moon- fight. . Mr Ruskin is never tired of denouncing1 machine-made ornaments, in stone or in wood, but immediately opposite the big clock a large show case of the Oriental Tea Company may be seen, rich in wood-; carving done in Melbourne by a Chinaman in the employ of the company. Some of the "carving greatly resembles the gothic » .work on the vine-tree angle of the Doge s Palace at Venice. It is all free-hand work; grapes, leaves, figures, and birds. Eacli angle is different, and it is extraor dinarily well executed. The Oriental Tea ""Company was established to import tea on a large scale, and of such numerous va rieties, that judicious blending" (wlncq, by the way, requires profound knowledge and experience, scarcely to be acquired or practised effectively unless by persons con centrating themselves as in this case) oh ,, the production of a single article of com- "- merce should result in a superior mixture at a minimum price, and that mixture should be maintained at the high standard -"'..described, by placing it out of the possi bility of deterioration or adulteration, jit is, therefore, only issued to the retailers in waterproof paper packages fastened up, and at a fixed uniform price. This has \- not been very congenial to the tradesmen who like to "do their own " spiriting", and .- blend their own " peculiar" mixture,- as well as expand or contract their profits according to circumstances. But the j public, wisely, are not to be persuaded ' into exchanging their better for worse and the company's returns for the past year showed that they had sold and ex ported some 14,000 lialf- chests of that fragrant leaf from which is make the '' cup that cheers, but not inebriates." A good cup of tea is a| desideratum which now. holds a very lofty place in modern society. " -diathetic ' tea — 'live o clocic tea — "high tea," are all modern inventions. "High-tea" means really tea-dinner ; " five o'clock tea" and " aesthetic tea" are often rolled into one celebration. For this particular institution,: the company's " lloyal" is the correctireh In London, five o'clock tea is the mostJ'popular of in stitutions. It means pretiy china, beauti ful women, artisticurrquiidings, intellec tual and informal chatY musidflowers, flirting ; delicious odours, m&vellous; colour- combin ations, professional beau ties, "Mrs Langt-rys," arrangements a la Whistler," or " Brown-Jones," and any thing delightful that can becaiigftt in the hostess's elsyian five o'clock flirtarium ! On Saturday afternoon the Exhibition was more crowded than ever in the principal avenues and picture galleries. Costumes of the latest mode and ravish ing bonnets and hats were displayed by people got-up regardless of expense. The Australian band discoursed sweet music for the delectation of the promenaiders", and the passages around the pianoforte recitals were impassable. People are already begimiing to speculate upon what a void the Exhibition will leave when it is over and gone — where all things go — into the limbo of the past ! Victoria exhibits in her displayed re sources many things that suggest profound social problems awaiting the solution of time. Time, that great scene-shifter in the world's drama, changes the locality after a long run, and begins again in a new field, with new actors and fresh accessories ; but the themes, with some variation, are all pretty much the same. Some of the actors live only to acquire wealth — make it their religion almost from the nursery to the grave ; others live only to spend it. The people who possess brains, and those who possess money, often change places and set to other partners. The best men often fail ; the worst succeed. There is always the villain of the piece, and as some fall through the trap -door of oblivion others enter by the side scenes, and pass across the world's stage in the same fleeting fashion. There is always the same set of characters, good and bad, virtuous and vile, and love — "Time's fool"— provides new performers in the shadowy drama. The transition from childhood to .youth is not marked by suclx changes as those which accompany the transition -from youth to manhood ; and, judging by its infinite possibilities, of which there is abundant evidence spread around, Victoria will undergo great changes in the; next few years, and crystallise into new; -.'and unlooked-for shapes undreamed of in the past. With food at the low figure; it is here, and labour so high, and 34 millions of people in the old country, where meat is one shilling per lb., and human flesh and blood so .cheap, as sung by Tom Hood, .fit:is';not:. likely the present per formance r can run many years longer ; and, unless we are unable to read the signs of the) times, the present Exhibition will greatly accelerate the impending changes. TThe sooner the better ! There are too" many' skids on the wheels of pro gress, and young Victorians, above fill, should travel and see the! world. We y should like to see" and read some of the weekly reports of the foreign commissions; and exhibitors, sent home. It does people good, as, the poet Burns has put on record, " to " see 'ourselves a3 -; others . see us." People denied aspirates may acquire wealth, and tbev should not begrudge the extra twopence in the school estimates for the teaching of manners. England has got to the stage when she can no longer produce a third of the food required to . feed her population, and that difficulty is ; ' daily increasing, in ss small an island. As an American remarked, It is a very nice little island, but I was always afraid of Falling over into the sea." Well, the '! Exhibition has taught us that the world %- will not have to wait centuries to see Australia take her place among nations. In pursuance of our self-imposed task, Cj''- we have not yet made much progress in ' '"j. finding out what is not manufactured in Victona. We have, however, satisfied ourselves that at present they do not manufacture "paupers" nor "work- '' houses." Neither do they make torpe does, nor breech- loaders. We have generally remarked that those nations which excel in the one field"are usually pre-eminent in the other. May bad legis lation and high cilivisation never conduct- us "to that deplorable consummation ! We find, however, which could hardly be anticipated, that among the Victorian manufactures are railway locomotives, first-class American saloon cars of elegant construction, Pullman cars, semaphores, and all kinds of telegraphic apparatus and agricultural machinery, and among them all . the nucleus of a museum of anti quities, in the form of the first plough used in the country. This patriarch among ploughs bears the marks of age and rouh service endured in its pioneering mission, and should be preserved m a glass case for future generations. Such things as parquet flooring, china, pottery , bronzes, and embroidered ecclesiastical vestments, are amongst the Victorian exhibits. What would the gold digger of a bye-gone day say to the last-named ? What Captain Costigan said of the gold- epaulated, he-decorated, staff officer, probably, on the occasion of his first be holding that glittering personage — " How I should like to pawn him." After seeing only the finished result in Victorian exhibits, we thought it well to see the modus operandi, and Messis Swallow and Ariell first showed us behind the scenes at their factory at Sandtidge. Everybody knows the great English manufactory of Huntley and Palmer at Reading, with its 3000 employ, ill Swallow graduated many years ago in that ilma Zlater, and here we have an Australian Huntley and Palmer fast growing up. The factory already covers a large space of ground. We know not how many tons of flour, butter, &c.; , oer week are not consumed. 700 dozens of egg3 per diem are used, and a reserve stock, preserved in lime, of some 40,000 dozens is kept up. 6581bs of butter are used for "cake" alone, per day. The famous plum-puddings are boiled by steam ; 250 plum-puddings boiling at one time— (What a sight for school-hoys !) — or 800 cwt per day. The ocean of treacle which flows from Messrs Swallow and Ariell's premises is all purified by animal charcoal, prepared in all its stages on the spol , as, indeed, is everything throughout die establishment, even to the tin-boxes used for packing and storing ; and the cooper's work in the making of barrels, &c.; We expected to see myriads of flies in the treacle department, instead of which there is not one. Perhaps that article is too strong for them ! More than 300 work-people are employed on the premises. Mr F. Bennett's parlour gymnasium jat the Exhibition reminds us that we remark in young Victoria a tendency to run ! to legs' and armsy in7 other j words, unequal development. That such things can.-be 'counteracted' by proper means, or deve loped by circumstances, Dr Darwin has shown .conclusively enough,. therourious configuration of the giraffe being :the re sult of generation -'of heckrcramng;;after their proper food, which grows at - a'lofty altitude. It is invaluable', .to .people; of sedentary pursuits, invalids," or for- lise in bad weather ; it takes-up no more sace than an eight-day clock and: "can" befset up anywhere. " ' Young ladies who ; desire to develope the,,, just proportions . of a Greek Venus; 'to say-nothing of health, should try 'oii'e:' v ' '-r- - ;'- - \:j -. The jurors are so numerous— about j 400 — that the accommodation is insufficient, and it also has been found necessary to fix the maximum of the cost of their luncheon at 2s 6d each, ' These doves of the State must be duly fed, and not overworked. The lofty turrets omthe roof of the Ex hibition, buildings are going to be utilised for the jurors, and next week these rooms will be ready for meeting and discussions. Should any juror go to sleep, lie will not be awoke, but left .on the roof all right, the outlet being locked at closing time. Should he awake, he can then study .the stars, and the appearance of the panorama of Melbourne by moon light, or perhaps, between the glimpses of the moon see the ghosts of the kangaroo and the aborigine come" to revisit their whilom happy huntiug-groiuids at Oarlton. 