ENGLISH TELEQBAMS. LONDON, May 6. The hearing of the appeal in the case of Authur Orton, the Tichborne claimant, who has applied for release from custody on the ground that his original -ontencs should not have been cumulative, has been adjourned. LONDON, May 7. The strike among the ironworkers is gradually subsiding, and it is expected that the majority of the men will soon return to work* _ H. B. H. the Duke of Connaught met with an accident while out driving yesterday. The horses in his carriage became unmanageable and ran away; before tHey could be stoped the carriage was upset and the Prince" was thrown out. His Boyal Highness was considerably braised and shaken, but escaped without any serious injury. Frank explanations with respect to some remarks lately made by Mr, Gladstone in one of his election speeches, which gave umbrage at Vienna, and generally,concerning affairs in Eastern Europe, espeically with regard to the rights granted to Romania b; the Berlin treaty as urged by M. Brataino, President of the Bomanian Legislative* Council, during his recent visit ti Vienna. and the policy to be pursued in future towards the Porte, have beeh interchanged between English and Austrian Governments, and they have fully agreed on a mutual course of action. George Eliot (Mrs. Lewes) the celebrated novelist, whose husband{died some years ago, 'married ttflbe Bight Hon; Sir Bichard Affihston Cross, G.C.B., Secretary of State for Che* Home Department in Earl Beaconsfield's administration. In the metal market tin has fallen £2 5s., and is selling at£78 per ton. Burra copper has declined £1, and Wallaro copper has declined £2. The former is quoted at £72 per ton, and the latter at £74. Australian wheat is unchanged. New Zealand wheat, c.f. & i. is selling at 42s. An article in the Daily News this morning states that Mr. Gladstone and Cabinet are resolved to insist on the complete execution of, the Berlin treaty,and that the Government bave issued a circular inviting signatory Powers to cordially co-operate in the speedy execution of the portions of the treaty not yet carried into effect. It is believed that invitation has special reference to the execution of the promised reforms in Turkey and thtf delimitation of the Greek and other fronteirs. LONDON, May 7. The total quantity of wheat afloat for the United Kidgdom is 2,049,000 qrs. The wheat market is firmer and steady, and there is an improvement in prices. Australian wheat «x warehouse is selling at from 52s. to 63e, 6d. per 496 lbs and New Zealand wheat at from 50a. te 52s. per 496 lbs. ex warehouse. In the metal marked tin hp<? advraced 10s., and is quoted at £78 10% per ton. Tae stock of tin at present in England and Holland amounts to ll,00G tons. Wallaroo copper is unchanged. The stock of copper in France and England amounts -13,000 tons. News was recaived in London to-day- that the Union Stsrmship Company's -R.M.S. American, which left Plymouth for Cape Town with mails and passengers on April 9, founded near the Equator. All the pass angers and crew succeeded in cvaping in the boats, and have si:icj b~en picked up. The physcians who were appointed by tt"; Turkish Government to examine into the stat3 of mind of Veli, the man who some me since fired at M. Onou and Colonel CommeraofE, two of the attache:? of the Bussian embassy in Constantinople, the latt~.r of whom subsequently died ot his wounds, have pronounced him to be E: R-ne, and he was accordingly executed yesterday. LONDON, May 9. Sir W. Veronn Harconrt, who yesterday sought re-election for the City of Oxford, on his appointment as Home Secretary in JJr. Gladstone's Administration, wa3 defeated. Mr. Herbert Gladstone., the son of the Premier, who was defeated at the general elections, has been- return* d unopposed for Leeds, where his father was elected by a large majority. MESSES, Moody, Furner & Co. intimate that the date of their monthly sale at G.'eens Plains has been altered from Wednesday, May 19 to Monday May 17. AN excellent programme of an entertainment to be given oh behalf of All Saint's Church Organ Fund, will be fonnd in our business columns. WE have heard of an act on tb3 part of the Directors of the Wallaroo Mine, which is worth recording, and cannot be too fully made known to those who have worked on the Mines .on tribute; It appears that during the great number of years that the Mines have been in operation, the tributors have contracted large debts in working their former pitches. It is now dccided that none bf these old debts will be stopped out of the •earnings of any man at present employed, or who may hereafter be taken on under the new contract system. THE LONDON COMEDY COMPANY.—The members of this company gave entertainments at the Moonta Institute, on Saturday and Monday evenings, to very fair houses. The acting of Miss Annie Beid was considered exceedingly good for one so young, and we need scarcely add that Mr. R. Fyfe's piano accompaniments to the various songs were greatly appreciated. - We understand the Company performs again to-night, when there will be an entire change of programme. VISIT OF THE MINISTER OF EDUCATION. —The Hon. T. King, Ministsr o" Education, with Mr. J. Hartley, Inspector General of Schools, accompanied by Mrs. Hartley and Miss King, visited the Model Schools at Moonta and Moonta Mines on Friday. Their stay at the Moonta School was somewhat short, bnt both the alinieler ana "Inspector expressed themselves as highly satisfied with the evidences they had that the school was excellently conducted by Mr. Whillas, held teacher, and his staff. At the Moonta Mines School the Ministerial party were met by Mr, H. B. Hancock, J.P., Chairman of the Board of Advice, and conducted through every department of the School. The Hon. T. King expressed himself as highly pleas- ed with what he saw, and the Inspector General stated that the order and management of the school were excellent, and congratulated Mr. W. G. Torr, the head teacher, and his staff on the conduct of the scholars, of whom there were 670 present. Previous to the visit to Moonta, the Ministerial party had visited the schools at Kadina, Wallaroo Mines and Wallaroo, In each of which pistes they expressed themselves as highly gratified with the evidences of successful teaching which they saw. And certainly if the tsachers of our schools on the Peninsula are not successful it is not for lack of energy and hard work, for they are some of the most energetic and hard working portion of the community, and richly deserve any woriJs of commendation they may have received from the Minister of Education and the Inspector General. THE Register understands that the Trustees of the Savings Bank have decided that in future, sums not exceeding £5 may be withdrawn by depositors without notice: DEFENDE FUND.—" Mr. J. B. Austin, the hon.. secretary to the Derrington defence fund, informs us (Advortiser) that sever''. additional subscriptions to the fund have been received, that collecting books have been sent out, and that the matter is being warmly taken up." A committee has also been formed at Port Adelaide, and in Moonta. A NEW GHOST STORY.—&. correspondent of the Qeelong Advertiser is responsible for the following "ghost" story:—"As 1 know you feeT interested in such circumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very remarkable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon Innes. Tbe archdeacon, as yon know, died of diphtheria, and though perfectly sensible to the last, was nnable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefere compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay-reader by a young man recently arrived from home named Lisserman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his throughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at ! the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was compos mentis Ii to the last, wrote that going into study one evening after Lisserman's death he saw him standing at tbe study table, and involuntarily exclaimed, 'Holloa I are you here f Tes,' replied the apparition, 'and where I now am there will you soon be.' Mr. Innes was not a man of fancies or of im pared physique, and when he saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and Touched for." S 