THE ARCHBISHOP'S REPLY. 'Whatever may have been the opinions of the general public upon the cogency of the Archbishop's previous controversial speeches, there can be no doubt that the appeal he made to the hearts and heads of his countrymen last Sunday struck home. It has rejoiced the hearts of all honestjovers of fair play; it has, as yet, effectually silenced the sophisms of con scious injustice. The press, hostile and notoriously unjust, as it has been through out, has, in no instance, hazarded a serious reply. The Herald has slunk away discomfited, and not even an Orange man in Sir II. Parkes's majority has, as yet, dared to raise his voice on be half of his defeated chief. Never did a man have a better opportunity, and seldom did a man make a better use of it. When Sir H. Parkes pledged his G-overnment to deface the Statute Book with anti-Catholic legislation of two centuries ago, he, as a politician, took a false step, for he undertook an im possible course, and its very injustice alienated the sympathy of every honest Protestant in the community. It was this sympathy accorded by his Protes tant hearers that made our Archbishop's position last Sunday almost unique in his history among us. As he appealed to that freedom which is the birthright of every Englishman, and showed what the effect would be of the proposed legislation, the approval which was de picted on a long line of faces, seldom seen at Catholic meetings, proved that Catholics are not the only people who have taken offence at Sir II. Parkes's utterances. The exposure of the real intent of the Education Bill, showing from the Premier's own words that it was. not intended so much to cducate the people as to crush out Catholicism and to ' send the priests about their business,' was complete. Then the folly of Sir II. Parkes in treating the Church as though she were anything but a private society of which the State had no official or legal cognisance was brought to light, and he was very logically told that State control over Catholic discipline was forfeited absolutely and for ever when the State cut the painter. The position of the Archbishop was impregnable — save against the brutal dagger of tyranny. It was n'ot to the sympathies of Catholics — as such — that the Archbishop appealed, but it was to the instincts of every free citizen who values the institutions for which his fathers fought, and under which we have grown to our present position among the nations of the world. Viewing the situation from a purely worldly point of view, it is hard to see in Sir H. Parkes's conduct either the subtlety of a politician or the policy of a states man. It would be affectation to deny that Sir II. Parkes is a man of real intellectual power, and that that power has earned for him a certain posi tion in political circles. But his greatest achievment is not the party he has created or the changes he has introduced in our Statute Book, but it is the fact that he has done these things in . spite of a career which would have been ruin to moat men. The early his tory which must have risen vividly before his eyes when he touched upon the pain ful subject of sedition — the intimate acquaintenance with our insolvency laws, ana of the ease with which some men can ease themselves of their moral obligations, the utter indifference to honour ' and to all right manly feeling which enabled him to con jure up a ghost in order to slander his fellow-creatures and to play the part of a key- hole eavesdropper, the^countless breaches of faith which have character ized his career among us — would each of them have been enough to break an or dinary man's influence for ever, and to gether would simply have made him an object of public detestation. Tet such is the mail's adroitness and fascination over his fellows, that he has been able, I to a certain extent, to hoe down his repu tation, to earn the confidence of a party, and to make himself once more our grand vizier. Once more he found a chance ; his future depended on the use he might make of it. And almost the first thing he did was to belie principles he had strenuously advocated for many years, and on the strength of which the first constituency of the colony had returned him at the head of the poll, and in doing so he attacked those whom he had duped into helping him up the ladder, with all the bitterness of a renegade. Had Sir II. Parkes been a statesman in any sense of the term he would have made allowance in his calculations for that popular reac tion which always follows a period of political excitement. Had he really un derstood the position he would never have courted a struggle with such a power as the Catholic Church. As matters stand, he has deliberately undertaken to pass a law to compel Catholic Bishops to give the sacraments to parents who allow their children to attend the Public schools. This the Archbishop has, in as many words, dared him to do. Now, Sir Henry can neither go on, 1101^ stand still, nor retire from a position of his own choosing with out getting the worst of it. If he does not carry his threat into execution it is because he dare not ; if he attempts anything of the kind he will probably fail ; and if his law passes it will certainly remain- as dead a letter as his Treason Felony Bill, and as great a blot on the Statute Book. 