Candidature for Port Adelaide. TO THE EDITOR. SIB—As ray name appears among the possibles and probables for electoral wooings for the District of Port Adelaide, in jour issue of Saturday, last' I think it right to inform the electors through you that I shall not be a condidate for Parliament at the next general election, and that my only reason for not seeking legislative honors at their hands at this time is through having so recently voluntarily assisted my fellow electors in returning Mr. John' Hart with such a tremendous majority, thus showing the feelings of the electors towards him. I certainly should not attempt in any way to interfere with him as such a course would, in my opinion, be stultifying the electors. Yours faithfully, IS th Nov., 1880. The auctioneers request especial attention to the announcement of sale of property near Alberton Railway Station. ISg" ATTENTION is called by request to Professor Pepper's advertisement in another column. The Professor appears to-night (Friday), to-morrow afternoon and night. ME. BURNETT'S CRUSADE.—The committee in connection with the above met on Wednesday sight for the purpose of closing the business affairs arising out of the month's crusade just closed-; Several accounts were" passed for payment ; and it was decided to hold a special temperance meeting next Saturday night, attended with the preliminaries of torhlight processioning, &c.;, as announced by advertisement elsewhere. THE CONCERT given on Tuesday evening in the Port Town Hall, in aid of a fund Raising for the -widow and orphans of the B. W G S. Bro. Bradbury, had an attendance that must have rejoiced thehearts of its promoters, Messrs. Frankenburg and A. Saunders. Their programme was as varied and complete as could possibly be arranged, and the assistance given comprised, an amount of talent rarely available for a local audience. Wefurnish the names of the performers, remembering that they did a deed of kindly charity ;-r-Mrs. Burke,.Misses Yandepeer, Curtis, Parks,. Weller, E. andR. Middleton, Bermingham, and George ; Master Frankenburg ; Messrs. Eunson, Sinclair, Niesche, Mussared, Mens, and iSharp ; and the; members of the Lieder Kranz. 'Several of ihese names will be recognised -such, as 'ihat of Mr. Mussared—as always associated with charitable effort; and to those we give the assurance that their services were highly appreciated. -We hope and expect that Messrs. Saunders ;and Frankenburg will have a handsome contribution to hand over to the bereaved family- LJ J.:; TEVPEBANGB^RA®?!®;'—We have been requested by Mr. l£ J. Pudney to direct the attention of the public.to. the fact that he has been appointed .agent 'ait the Port for the sale of tickets for a raffle in connection with the "Grand United Temperance Gala, Bazaar, and Picnic," the prizes in which are said to be worth £700.. The prizes- are a brick house valued at £350, in Collingwood, Melbourne; the second a £160 house ; third,' a BoEd piano. There are also numerous other prizes. Drawing, Boxing Day; -tickets Is. each.[Advt.] THE GAKBON I IRONWORKS.—Mr. Lindsay's Carron foundry, which is contemporaneous with the start in business of some of the oldest Portonians, is constantly receiving Editions to its plant; and now its proprietor boasts of being able to turn-out • -any claes of ships' or general -work as well and as quickly as any Foundry in the colonies. Whether this high , claim be warranted or]not, we have no means of knowing; but, having had an opportunity recently of going through the Foundry, we were certainly surprised to see the -extensive natare of the operations therein conducted. Though this is the slack time of year, there were sixty men at work, and the clanking of tools, the heavy thud of the steam-hammer, with the puffing of the engines, made up. a very lively scene and not too melodious sound. In the smiths' room we were shown a massive block of iron in the rough, which, afterrhaving undergone the finishing touches, is tci. .do duty as a plunger-shaft for Fo. 5. jdredger. The shaft in its present state weighs nearly 3j.tohs ; it was forged from scrapiron by the immense steam-hammer adjacent, and (according to-the manager) is the largest and heaviest block yet worked-up in the colonies. In the same department were lying the justfinished columns and girders for the new railwaystation at the Port. Distributed over the different sections of. the building were portions of the mill-machinery used in Magarey's Port Pirie Mill, which, having been purchased by Messrs. Duffield & Co., is being overhauled by Mr. Iindsay to thei order of that firm. No fewer ihan five lathes areat work in the fitting- room. In ' the casting department the mould was being set for a 60^-inch diameter low-pressure piston for the steam-collier Glenelg • and a large heap of palisadings of almost every pattern had just been turned out. in all the output the same high 1 ' mush'' wa^ noticeable, and a close comparison with' English work revealed no flaw in the former orsuperiority in the latter. To obtain this ^ult-jft about-as high as Mr. Lindsay need aim; and the fact that his establishment is equal to. all and every the demands which may be made ; npon it for -repairs to even the most ponderous ships' machinery is one which should be duly rioted by our maritime men. THE ghosts and .other -cheerful itemB in Processor Pepper's entertainment oh Thursday sight gave the most lively satisfaction tb a good audience. The Profesflor was repeatedly tipplauded, fetid promised a'full and new progranun each of -the remaining evenings, Friday and Saturday. J AS. E. DEMPSTER. 