A HISTORIC SKETCH O F SU N D A Y Delivered at the United Service of Song in the Victoria H all, Latrobe, on Monday evening, July . IV, by Rev. J o h n .B en n ett. , The Centenary of Sunday Schools, which brings us together tonight, has been celebrated all round the world—from the old city of Gloucester,, where they originated a century ago, to Tasmania, its 'antipodes; in Hobart Town, Launceston, 'and many other.places; arid we a t Latrobe, though last, If hot least, come in ju s t in time to save our credit, as not altogether behind the rest of the world m such 'matters. The celebration has everywhere been largely a united one, in which the Protestant denominations at least have pat aside their differences as th.ey ought to do to rejoice in the great common work of instructing the young, begun by Robert Baikes. N ot that there was ho instruction of the young in religion on the Sunday, before the time of Raikes, for that, would be a great mistake to faU into. Cain arid Abel, I imagine, were taught by. their parents, and taught by them on the Babbath day, whose, sweetness had been known by them in their innocence in Paradise. The beautiful and happy results of auch ■teaching were 6een in the curly and ripe piety of Abul ; while tlio abuse of the teaching was seen in the Wickednoss of his brother. I t belongs to the family to teach and train, arid especially to teach and train in religion; and pur first parents doubtless understood that, whatever may have : been the case with parents since. The high arid sacred duty was soon fearfully neglected, it is. to he feared, before the .flood; or the earth' would not have been “ filled with violence" as it was, requiring the judgment of th e deluge to ^arrest the'' destruction arid to wash away die crime. A fter .the flood we have the beautifulliistfhees of faynily piety m the case o fN o ah him self; in the case of Job as described iri the first chapter of the book bearing his nam e; and iri the ewe of A braham ; riot to mention others, r Abmbam it is expressly said by the Lord: “ I know him th a t he will command liis children after him.” In Judaism there was' express arid minute .provision we instruction of children; as sfet forth to Deut. vi. and Psalm lxxviiL, of which Juiuothy’s rase is a beautilul example, in th a t he inherited tho-faith of his mother' .arid grandmother, by knowing the Scriptures from his childhood ; and the case of th e child Jesus in the .midst of the doctors ip .the temple shows what public attention was given to the instruction of the young in Judaism. Coming to the TJew Testament times, we.find the young equally cared for by t h e ' Lord and by his churches under his direction. I t was raid in prophesy of the Lord that ho should “ gather the lambs in his arm and carry them in his bosom.” (Isaiah xl.) In the days of Iris flesh, it is well known how literally ‘ he took them in his arms, and raid : “ Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them hot, for o f. such is ihe kingdom of heaven.” To Peter, after his lesurrection, as the great test of the apostle’s love, the Loid said 1 “ Feed my lambs.” I t was this same apostle "who on the day of Pentecost said to the peoplo, an . the first gospel sermon : “ the promise is to you and to your children.” Pam sent a word to children, as well as to adults, in his epistles, when he wrote : “ Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this , is right,” and quoted the great command £o ‘children, in the decalogue, w ith a promise attached to it ; thus showing how Judaism and Christianity combined in their care for the young. The last, great command of the Lord Jesus, in which he prescribed the peculiar work of his followers in th e world, and assured them of the grounds of their success therein, la s direct, and, T think', special reference to children. . “ All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth,” he raid, “ go ye, therefore, and teach—make learners of—all nations, baptizing them in—or for—the,name of the Father and of the: Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded you ; and lo', I am with you . alway, even unite Ihe end of the world." These words, properly understood, mean the proper dedication and training of toe young by Christ’s followers, by all means in their power ; not only in the family, bat in the church and every other suitable place; theinost suitable, certainly, being in. the gathering of his disciples on the Cord’s day. Accordingly, we find that the young were never overlooked by Christians, however they may a t any time have lacked a broad and comprehensive view of their duty as a whole to the young. A nd so the Waldenses i n . their rocky fastnesses and secluded valleys hauded down their faith and Christian life from generation to generation. Luther, in Germany, as early as 1527, in his great struggle w ith the corruptions of Rome, .saw that his hope lay with the young. . Fifty years later, a pope’s nephew, Barromeo, tried his haml in the same direction, at M ilan.. I n 1680, a huudred years .before Raikes, John Robinson, pastor and loader of the Pilgrim Fathers, did Sunday school work, in Massachusetts, New England, U.S. A ; as did the pious Joseph Alleiue, eight years later, a t Taunton, England. Eight) or ninety years later still wo .read th a t the Rev. Theophilus Lindsey, Vicar of Catterik, Yorkshire, for a time employed a part of Sunday to care for and instruct neglected children ; and a Miss Harrison imitated his example in gathering a number. of children into her hack kitchen at Bidale, to instruct them in the Scriptures, dad to teach them Dr W atts’ CatecliiBm and Devotional Songs. D r Isaac W atts! himself, amidst all his great literary and philosophic labors, and work as a Congregational Minister, had thus found time to care for the young as a part of his Tohristian duty ; and his pleaBing simple songs, as well as his catechism, can be used to the present day, with advantage over much • that has been since written for children. A bout the time of these early workers in Sunday school work, the devoted pastor Oberlin cared for the young of Mb charge in the mountains of France. This brings us down to within about a dozen or twenty years of the effort of Raikes. in Gloucester, to which, notwithstanding the laborers that wont before, the origin of Sunday schools is to be attributed, as the world acknowledges i n . this centenary celebration to-day. Raikes gave permanent form and body to what had been before but occasional, scattered, and spasmodio efforts; and pushing it into national notice, the providence of God, we must think, took it up, and haB made it a great world-wide fact, and a factor in the world’s civilization and salvation of great find increasing momentousness. Well may we keep thisCentenary. And what a century this has been that has witnessed the birth and growth of Sunday schools to their present v dimensions and character. Raikes, who originated Sunday schools, was the ami of an enterprising and respectable man, who sett'ed in the city oi Gloucester, and established a newspaper there in the year 1722, in the reigu of the First George. So much before his day was he with his paper, tbat he waa once, almost twice; summoned to the bar of the House of Commons for daring to publish an account of its proceedings I In 1735 yoymg Robert, was born, nod .when be was 22’years of age be succeeded to his father’s business. The paper did not suffer in his hands. I t was distinguished in that ago of personal scurrilities, for its freedom from tbat abuse, and for the manner in which the editor and proprietor sacrificed even his advertisements for matter of more general-interest and importance. Amidst his business engagements, Raikes found time for benevolent works in seeking to ameliorate the condition of the prisoners in Gloucester gaoL R evisited the gaol, saw the misery, filth, disease, and destitution of the prisoners, wrote about it in the paper, and obtaihed- some help for them; Phis was before the time of tiie great philanthropist Howard, in his great work in effecting a change iu the nameless horrors of .the prison system, throughout Europe; and Howard honored Rnikes in paying him a visit when he learnt wbat he had done in Gloucester gaol. His benevolent gaol work prepared Raikes for his' Sunday school work—the best work by which he is now known. I t did this by shbwing hini the great need there was fo> something of the kind, and in fitting him in heart and hand to undertake i t But before I sketch* his Sunday school work, I will sketch for you the old. city in which it was attempted j and as I was born there and spout the first twenty years of my life in the place, I may be able to tell you what it ia like. (■Ri 6 k c o n t in u e d . ) 