LAYING, OF, THE "FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. ' . (from opr . melbourne4 correspondent,) That. the Church of Ehgland in yictoria has so c long been without a Oathedral has cost them re- I grot) approaching to sofrow. Disputations as to 1 site;- tl(at lack of cash which hampers the most earnest efforts of chnrnlimAii . nf t.Tin flAf. . taries which in intellectual power sought to copo with the ohurch so long endowed in England, but here so pecuniarily feeblo, all tended to pre-, vent- the realisation of that longing for an edifice greatly towering up to God's footstool, which is the desire- of all the most zealous representatives of tho Protestant spirit. By the zeal of our pre sent warm-blooded,- manly diocesan, the Cathedral so niiiny 'years regarded "as a vision now bids fail to become, in our generation, an accomplished fact.-j- Few-of us. may see it in its completed glory," feiv "now ..living have opportunity to realise the perfebtness of cathedral worship, . Compared with the greatest of ecclesiastical edifices of England, our new Cathedral, will be but child like. When completed it will be 164 feet 5 inches in length, inside measurement, and 66 feet 6 inches in width ; and the two transepts will measure each 16 feet 6 inches by 35 feet, with large and commodious vestry fittings. The, organ chamber - and choir measures 29 feet 9 inches , by 14 , feet., : The building is , generally conceived! on the plan: of a central have, with two.aisles and -transepts',- and! the Rower, and spire ride from' the interseotioribf the transepts! "The tow'er ah'd, spire, will! rise to an elevation of! 276 feet, being a height of 35 .feet above. tho spire of the Scots' Ohurch as it now stands. -.-.The level of .the foundation- oft that, church bojug, however, about feet thigher than ;t|ie cathedral, founda tion, the real difference' froni spire lo pinnacle is 83 feet. The foundation < ia a solid sandstone reef, and the, foundation stone rests on the living rook'' itself!-" '-The'!' prese'nt'!cbntraoti is - for,- about LGOOO, and incjudes the -foundations up to tho \- floor level;' together with' the' large piers which will "support the' tower. -.These" are clustered- column's of alternate; blupstbnb 'and whito sand- qtqne) .10,feet,by 10 ; feet.; The architect is' Mr Buttorfibid'/ woll khqwh in England iii: connec tion jyith -church qrch'iteb.ture, and the work is being conducted by -Mr AY, Smith; the contrac'-' tor, under tho supervision'of Messrs Terry and Oakden, the diocesan architects, and Mr W. Harrison, clerk oLworks. 'v"It will only have pew nccorrimbdati6h' fbr !1340'';when - fully oomplete. while, as ;it is,.now .rto be built, with only three bays'out of the1, original 'design,' -it will only seat a<littlel bver:800-' !.! The stonejlaiij to-day, ,-14. feot by 6 feet, wns-.the,,. one vfbich,.will stand under the -central -tpwer;;h"bar! the eastern corner ot.tne. haveVa'ud' was brhiigh'tspecially froni Lethbridge; near-Geelong. — WhanusMried 'it weighed neariy 14 tons, and after being reduced and trimmed, to-day was over 9 tons. !: The chapter! which' ii'now appointed for life consists of - his Lordship, tho.Bishop, the Vory Reveroud the Dean", the Arohdeacons of Caslle- maide,';SandUurst, Beechworth! and Sale, with, as Canons Dr Bromby, tlio Rev.' . W. Chalmers, of Geeldnu, tho Rev. G. Goodman, Rev. H. H. P. Haiidfield',;: Rev. J. 0. M'Oullagh, Sand hurst, Yon. Archdeacon -Stretch, ltev. G. 0. Vance ; ;and lay; canons Messrs T. 'T. a'Beckett, T. R. Gddfboy,;.H."Henty, H. Jennings, Wi E. King, O.' A. P.-'Pasooe, G.' W. Rusden, and Sir W. F. Stawell. Shortly! after', three the sdrpliced. choristers mustered' in ' St! Paul's, and his: Excellency the Governor ; having been received by the Chapter at the Sivanatdn-street entrance," was conducted to the communi6n!ta,ble. - Shortly afterwards the procession was ! forftiedvlin tlio following order : The Choir; .the Clergy, - the Chapter, tho Dean, the Bishop and his -Chaplain, the Governor and his suite, the. Mayor and his suite, the, mem bers 'of the Ubuhoil- of jthe -Tjiocese not on'the Chapter, '"tlio' 'Representatives' of Parishes. "On arriving at the platform his Excellency took his 'seat, having o'nl his 'right; the! Bishop and the Rev. G. Goodman. Tho 307th hymn from the Church Hymnal, !cpmmenoing ;.tVChrist is the foundation of the house." we raise,'" was aiirig, the Lord's Prayor.was intoned, .and a selected litany chanted alternately by the "Dean" and Choristers. Prayer was then, offered.-up, . the 84th and 122nd Psalms sung, D'r,..Torrance presiding at! the har monium, and directing the choristers, of whom there were.abo'ut ' 300.'" - Tlio Cree'd was recited, and the dedication read by Dr Hearu, in Latin. Slowly-' then ' tlie ponderous' stone; was lowered into its place, and wlien it had b'eeil truly settled His.Excellenoy,; taking the trowel, said— 'i l.lay this stone of a Cathedral Church, to be dedicated to the seryice.qf Almighty God, -and to be palled iiftbr the' name' of the Apostle' St. Paul, ih the name'of the Father, and of the' Son, aiid of the Holy Ghost. Amen." - Hymn 330 (Church hymnsjbommehclhg with-'! AH hail; the power of. Jesu's Name I" was .sung most . effectively , by th'b cKcir atid pedplq, and the;whole congregation then joined in the prayers speoially appointed. His Excellency, tlie Governor- delivered a brief address,, pointing: , out Ithb. importance of the event they were met to celebrate and urging upon, all to . contribute' in proportion to their means to the advancement of it. His Lordship theJBiahop. then, delivered one of those, stirring addrosses,;f6r whioh he ig bo remarkable, giving tho history of the efforts to establish the cathedral. ' Sir William , Foster Stawell then sppko, and after a collection had beon taken up, the proceedings concluded with oheers for the Governor; Bishop, Dean, and Mr \V. J. Clarke, who on the ground contributed a donation of jjlOOO. ' 