THE BOERS AND THE BRITISH. We are now beginning to see the lamentable folly of a large extension of British dominion in the face of adverse races and without any immediate prospect of British immigration to support the flag. If nothing had been required but the character of the country and its climate to justify England in taking pos session of the Transvaal as she did in 1877, truly British arms would in that matter have been guiltless. Nowhere under the British flag is there a more magnificent territory. It has a splendid soil and climate, good for pasture and cultivation. Wheat can be produced there almost as well as in Australia ; every kind of fruit tree flourishes ; and, where the ground is uneven, coffee, tobacco, maize, oranges, and apples may be seen growing on the same farm. It is diversified by hill, valley, and plain, and possesses wood and coal, copper, tin, cobalt, and gold. It is easily approached by road from Natal or the Orange Free State, and is within reach of nearly the finest port in the world where British commerce would be welcome. The number of the Boer population, however, which had sprung up since in 1S42 England first permitted them to make the country the seat of their ' South African Bepublic,' was close upon 40,000, and these people were nearly all hostile to the British act of absorption, and have ever since re mained in a state of either active or concealed rebellion. Add to this that tribe-] hostile to the white race3 (and only recently subdued infested till lately the northern frontier, while the half-disarmed and halfcon quered Zulus are still on its eastern boundary, and we can well understand the shyness which British capital and en terprise have shown at embarking on such an uncertain spot. If the Home Govern ment had entered with a large display of power, and had shown a disposition to maintain its authority on a proportionate scale, things would no doubt have been otherwise, and money and men would have been readily forthcoming to occupy and make riches in one of the richest provinces of the Empire.-; But this was not the course taken by the Imperial authorities. Great Britain entered with a small force ? sufficient to occupy the capital without overawing the country, and, when thia had been done, proclaimed, as the first of her duties in South Africa, the limitation of ier respon sibility, which means the spending as little money as possible in that dominion, and the leaving io the scattered colonists the burden of their own defence, enhanced as that burden has recently been by Great Britain's more recent aggression. For the purpose of the Zulu war, it is true, tho Home Govern ment made a grand display of force, but tho troops were removed when their special work had been done, and the limitation of responsibility wa3more loudly insisted on than ever. Only one wing of a foot regiment and a battery or so of artillery were left in an isolated capital to dominate a country without railroads and nearly as biij as France. The outcome cf ail this is' that we receive by telegram new3 such as any fore-' Eeein1,' man might have expected, and such as our readers have teen prepared to look for. The Boers, who have never been contented with British rule in the Trans vaal any more than have their kindred elsewhere, seeing themselves unopposed by troops, have risen and have put 5,000 men into the field, which is nearly the whole of their fighting strength. Their first step was to occupy Heidelburg, a little town of twenty or thirty houses, whose occupants are almost entirely Boers. Regarded a3 an achievement this step is a mqre nothing, for the town, is scattered and open, and if there were'*arry garrison at all it was probably a very Email one. Eut as a strate^-ic position the place is ?valuable rs being midway between Pre toria, the capital and seat of British Government, and Natal, the only source of supplies aid reinforcements, lleidelburg commands the road between the two. The iiext step, vrhich was a well-intentioned one. failed. The Eoer3 endeavoured to take possession of Potchefstroom — the mercantile capi+pj of the colony. It is a long way to t'io west, and closo to the northernmost *roint of the Free State, commanding the road thence to Pretoria, which is the only other road approaching that town from the south. In fact, Pretoria forms the northern apex of a right-angled triauule, tho right angle of which is at lleidelburg and tho other extremity of the base at Potchefatroom. The attempt was no doubt intended not merely to complete the isolation of Pretoria, but to free the many Boers who had property in Potchefstroom from the incubus of British power, so that they should be less afraid to place their cattle and themselves at the disposal of their country. Tho plan, however, failed, the garrison proving, too strong for the assailants. . The third performance on the part of the Boers, which the telegraph announces to us, is far more serious, inasmuch as it amounts to a British disaster, and is an achievement on which the Boors may well* plume themselves, notwithstanding that it will doubtless bring down condign punishment on their devoted heads. They caught a detachment of the 94th. Foot on the march, killed 120 officers and men, and captured most of the rest, though, luckily, a few escaped with tho colours. This is said by the Durban tele gram to have been at Middelburg, and by Sir G. Colley's despatch to have been on . the road to Pretoria. Both are probably correct. When the Boers began to ba actively troublesome during the Zulu war wo know that Middelburg was ? strongly garrisoned, and it is probable that a portion of tho 91th remained there. Nothing would be more natural than that these troops should be recalled to Pretoria ? to reinforce the southern forces in face of the Boer insurrection in the Bouth, and nothing more likely than that tho Boers should intercept them on the way. The troops are said to have been attacked without warning ; but there is no place very near to Middelburg which would ba favourable to such an operation, for the ? little town, with its two hotels, three stores, and thirty houses, stands in tho midst of a va**t plain called the High Veldt. But whatever part of the road it was on it is pretty certain that tho British, without a friend in the country to warn them, were taken by surprise ; for it is difficult to say how many Boers could not be defeated in the open field by 200 of our men. Such being the state - of things, and there being at stake a territory, with which, in naked value, probably no other British province can compare, it is likely that the Home Government will add to the one regiment which we are told is going out This will be the more necessary as the Gape Colony has all its forces occupied with the Basutos, and Natal, which is on the Basuto frontier j will need all its few volunteers and its littlo army of 200 mounted men to protect its boundary against Basuto irruption and the contami nation of rebellion among its own natives. In addition to the grand lesson of tho danger of unduly extending her terri tory, there is another which these recent misfortunes enforce upon Great Britain. It is that the Capo Colonists were not without warrant in declining to accept federation with the two northern and frontier provinces — Natal and the Transvaal — which are liable, to such great dangers. Indeed, Great Britain had .no right to put pressure on the older colony to induce her to under take such a responsibility unbacked by a British guarantee. It is quite true, as - Governor Weld says, that to a colony the duty of self-protection is correlative withy the right of self-government ; bat that duty does not extend to the protection of. other provinces which the colony does not want to govern, and which the conduct of the mother country has placed in a ? position of exceptional danger. Pboclamatiox Day. — To-day is tho forty-fourth anniversary of the proclama tion of South Australia. It would beeasy tc dilate upon the evidences of substantial progress accomplished since 1836 which ? meet the eye in every direction, bat to do ? so would be to relate with but slight variations an oft-old tale. The few survivors of the heroic band of. pioneers who assembled under the his torical gumtree at Glenelg will admit that at that time, buoyed up though they were by the inspirations of loyalty and of bright hope born of their own youthful energy * and intrepid spirit, their anticipations of the future of the province fell far short of what the reality has proved. It may be that they looked forward to a more rapid growth of population than has taken place, but imagination failed to conjure up pictures of an expansion of settlement, a development of commerce, and an ? accumulation of wealth such bb have marked the first forty-four years of tho colony 'b history. And the most satisfactory feature in the survey of the past from - the vantage ground of the present is that the advancement made has been steady and assured. There have been no ? feverish periods of progress succeeded by times of - retrogression ; no spasmodic leaps and bounds, followed by collapse. Periods of exceptional prosperity and o£ exceptional depression have been ex perienced, but the tendency has been con tinuously forward, and we can still look the future confidently in the face, feeling Bure that the results of the past forty-four years will be eclipsed by those of tho forty-four years yet to come. Notwith standing that to-day is South Australia's national holiday, and a time of mirth and festivity, we need make no apology for singling for reference out of tho annals of tho past year one of the saddest events that they record. Tho death of Sir George Kii?j:ston is an occurrence which to the founders of the colony will help to render 1S80 memorable. However much they may have dili'ured from him, they must all ' recognise tho fact that in losing him South Australia has lost a worthy pioneer and a faithful servant. It if* to be hoped that in time to come the celebrations held annually at (Jient-!g in honour o£ Pro clamation Day will t»o turned to account In raising funds for suitably perpetuating the memory of the more distinguished among tho early suttlurs. It would, wo should imagini*, be taty to devise means for obtaining from th« crowds who congre gate at Holdfast liny on December 28 modest contributions towards the funds necessary for carrying this idea into. effect. ? Wool tor Lout- 'U.— The ship Argua, which cleared at the Cu!toiy,.iion«e on Friday, De cember 24, had on Umrii 'i,U2 bales and seven teen packages of wool ; jiiid the barr-ae Jupiter, ?which clewed on tht » -mm day, had 3,099 bttles Mid four package*. Thh Fibb is HntDixr-BTBmT.— At the in quest held at the Exchange Hotel on Monday norning, on the fire that occurred at Messrs. Hall it McLean's on Christmas Eve, the Jory returned a verdict to the effect that the Ere was pnrely accidental, and that nj blame was attached to any one. Fihb n« thb Botaxic Paek.— A fire broke oat in the Botanic Park on Monday afternoon, bat it was fortunately observed before it hid time to make much headway. Four or five troopers from the police barracks were quickly on the ground, and succeeded in extinguishing the flames before they had done any further dimajja than destroying a ra:her large strip of grias plot. Thh Trottisq Races.— About 2,500 persons attended tba Trotting Meeting on the Oil Course. The ra:ea resulted a3 follows: — Maidens, GiDgerbeer ; Pony Race, Beasia ; Distance Handicap Trot, Gingerbeer ; Slile and a Half Distance Handicap, Blossom. Thb Races.— Eetween 800 and 1,000 persons ?were present at the races on the Morphettville Course yesterday afternoon. Miss Banter won the Hurdles, Sir Charles the Flying Handicap, Electricity the Christmas Cup, Warrior the Steeplechase, and Meg Merrilees the Telegraph Handicap. In the Christmas Cup only seven person* invested in the totalizitor on Electricity and they received £45 33. each for their pound. Cricket Match. — A match will be played on the Oval to-day between an eleven of the South Australian Association and eighteen of the National Association. The tcinu are : —The Eleven— Me3ars. J. E. Gooden, GUIen, King, Bullongh, Moore, Ayers, Richards, Biin rnaD, K. M. Stow, Miller, and Hide. The Eighteen— Messrs. Sarre, Cox, Roach, Smith (South United), Evans, Connelly, Fitzpatrick, O'Dea ('West Adelaide), Clark, Cross, Chandler {Register), Young, Griggs, Kyan (Alberta), Bichardson, Kobert30n (West Torrens), Flinn, Payne (United Tradesmen), and Codling (West Suburban). Emergency, Noon (Reijister). Mr. P. Sansom will act as umpire for the Eleven. Legal. — We notice by a paragraph in the Londoa Times that on November 17 Mr. Francis Joseph Fisher (son of the Hon. J. Fisher, ALL. 0., of Adelaide) has been called to the Bar at the Inner.Temple. Mr. Fisher, Jan., is now on bis way out to this colony, and is expected here about the end of January. Sun Fibh Officb.— Mr. T. D. Pearson has been appointed the Adelaide agent for the Sun Fire Office, a position previously occupied by Mr. J. C. Yuill. Thb R/urwATS.— On Christmas Diy acd Boxing Day respectively 2,500 and 3,000 persons travelled on the Adelaide a:. 'I Glenelg Railway, 2.6C0 and 2.500 on the Northern lines, and 13,000 and 14,000 on the Port and Semaphore lines. Adelaide Fobtschbttts Vebem.— The Ade laide Fortschritts Verein held their third monster celebration in the Exhibition Buildings and Grounds on Monday, December 27. The celebration consisted of a very good programme of ataletis sports during the afternoon and a pnblic ball in the evening. There was a Urge muster on the grounds, and all seemed to enjoy themselves in their own particular fashions. The usual attractions incidental to such gather ings were to be seen on the ground — boat-swings, merry-go-rounds. Aunt Silly, and other ludicrous games having their full share of patrons. Gruneklee'sConcordU Band discoursed selections of music from the rotunda during the afternoon, and their services were also called into requisi tion for the evening ball. One feature which invariably attends the popularising and render ing cheap of' such gatherings — the admission fee to grounds and to the ball was in each case the modest stun of one tbilliQ^ — is the influx of a large number of persona whese presence is not exactly pined after. They may be orderly, but they ar» never savoury, and their attendance probably deters many desirable persons from patronizing the celebration, It may be an exhilarating emotion to whirl round in the mazy dance with one of yonr own aex in a free-and-easy style, but it certainly does' not add to the perfection of the tout ensemble to do so. An old wooden pipe, a clay dhudeeo, or a stumpy cigar may add to the enjoyment of a quadrille or waltz, but few ladies would care under such circumstances to assist in outraging the terpsichorean pro* prieties. However, it is to be supposed that the shilling admission-fee covers this and many other eccentricities — in which, perhaps, there is not much harm after all — and the liberty of the subject must not be interfered with. Of the sports themselves it can be said that the pro gramme was well carried out, -many of the events exciting keen competition. Some of the races were marked by a difficulty in getting a start without first having a number of false aways. The starter and handicapper was Mr. 'W. A. Hobble. Mr. O. L. Bauer acted as manager of the sports. The results of the contests were aa follows : — One Hundred Yards Handicap Flat Race, for boys under 16 years of age— 15s., F. W.Scantle bury, 7 yds.; 5s., O. Nitschke, 4 yds. Seven started. One Hundred Yards -Three-legged Bace— £1, J. and E. Fitzgerald ; 10s., J. Whit tlesea and Stewart. Six started. One Hun dred Yards Handicap Flat Race— £1 10s., J. H. Coward, scratch ; meerschaum pipe, valua 12s. 6d , presented by Mr. Keidel, Rundle ?treet, H. Sandford, S yds. Thirteen started. Potato Race— £1 Is., Wilkinson; 7s. 6d., J. Whittleaea. Ten started. Ore Hundred and Fifty Yards Handicap Hurdle Race— £1 10s, J. Birt, 10 yds.; 10s., H. Sandford, 3 yds. EleveD started. Three Miles Handicap Bicycle Bace— £3 3«., Tyler, 125 yds.; £1 Is., J. Press, 200 yds. Five started. Two Hundred Yards Handicap Cask Rolling Match— (Prizes pre eented by the brewers) £4 4s., A. Tormy, scratch ; £2 2s., T. Royden, 10 jds. ; meer schaum Jpipe, value £1 Is., presented by Messrs. Armbruster & Unlmann, Rundle-street, O'Leary, scratch. Six started. Four Hundred and Forty Yards Handicap Flat Race— £2 2a., Broadstock, 25 yds. ; 15s., R. Coonan, 20 yds. Six started. Fifty Yards Jumping in Sacks— 153., Hawkes ; 5s., Bawhey. Six started. Two Hundred Yards Bicycle Slow Race— Last man, £1 10a.. Tilsley ; next to last, 10s. 8d., Press. Four started. The Whatheb ow tub Darliso.— Mr. W. O. Young, of Menindie, on the Darling, informs us that the thermometer registered 110° in his office there on December 22, and lOtP on the 23rd icat., and that ou the first-named day the register was 11S° in the shade at the Kinchega Station. Im Ehoijsh Cnzcrs.— There was 3 very large attendance at the English circus on Monday night, and the performance was, as usual, very well carried out. In addition to the ordinary programme, in which Messrs. Gillam and A. Herbert and Mdlle.Leon showed their fine equestrianism, and Benhamo proved himself a moffe capable clown, a new item in the shape of a pantomime waa produced, entitled ' Ride a Cock Horse to Banbury Cress ; or Harlequin Queen Fairy, and the Little Old Woman that wanted to Ride the White Horse, and the Race for a Lover.' In this puntomime with a long name there is introduced a despairing father (Mr. O. S. Irvine), who ia the unfortunate; parent of Pretty B-Peep (Mdlle. Leon), an attractive young lady, who has won the hearts of Will-o'-the-WUp (H. Mordaunt) and Vampire Dick (K. Duvallis). The principal scene— and an amusing one — is where the rivals both claim the lady's hand, and at this interview it is arranged, after some difficulty, that the winner of a race shall also win the lady. The race takes place, and Willo' the-Wisp proves the happy man. Then comes the transformation scene and the harlequinade. There were the usual ludicrous eccentricities of the clown and the pantaloon, Messrs. Benhamo and Gilham, and altogether the audience seemed very well satisfied. The same programme will be repeated to- night. A Shobt Go-As-Tor-rLEASB Contest. — A go as-you-pleace contest of half- an-hour's duration took place in the billiard-room of the Commercial Hotel, Gawler, last evening, the laps being thirty yards in length. Thomas Baldcock did 152 laps, E. J. H. Avery 107, 'Sig. Majaronr 106, J- Poole 103, and Samuel Edwards 93. A match is to tafrft place at an early date. PhabO^-Coheeutioh TEorFB.— This com pany, which has been lately performing at the Academy of Music, was well received on open ing at the Port Town Hall on Monday evening, December 27. The programme, which was of a very amusing character, was carried out to the satisfaction of the audience, as shown by their continual applause. Masters A. Carvalho (bones) and W. Horace (tambo) were perhaps the most successful of the evening in delighting the audience, while Mr. A. Manners duly received the applause bestowed upon him for his pedestal skate dance. Thb Craior3 Affaib ok thb Holdfast Bat Bailwat.— With regard to the finding of a man on the Holdfast Bay Railvray the police have since ascertained that the man's name isThomia Fahy, a labourer, of Grote-street west, and not 'Walter Lottien, as mentioned in yesterday's Register. The nrsn still lies in an unconscious state at the Hospital. Thb Fiee at Ms. Drxcia's Peake Station. — With reference to the above fire, our Hoyle ton correspondent writes stating that in all pro bability i: started in close proximity to the kitchen belonging to the ahcaring-ahed, and had it not been for the foresight shown by Mr. Duncan in having the grass cleared from about the vvds at shearing time there i* no doubt bat tbe'fheds and the yards would hava been destroyed. As it was 200 acrea of grwa were &itroyed.; Forasrnio aud Matxbkitt Hospital,— A meeting of the committee of this institution was held at the Church Office on Friday, December 24\. Present— Mr. Hartley (in the chair), Mrs. Bake well, Miss Baker, Mrs. Cawley, Mrs. Frew, Mrs. Turner, Mrs. R. Warburton, Mrs. Wilkin son, Dr. Dendy, Colonel Downes, Rev. J. O. | Woods. After the ordinary business was con- j eluded the financial statement was read, show- i iDg Back balance of £201, including Dr. Mayo's I liberal donation of £100. Accounts for the sum i of £6 13a. were passed. The Hon. Secretary '? reported the result of a conference held with ! the committee of the Female Refuge to the j effect that the latter institution consented to I postpone for about three months any efforts ! towards increasing their accommodation until | the prospects of the Foundliog and Maternity Hospital should appear successful or otherwise. Cukistiias Seetices at St. Peteb's Cathe titut — The Christmas services, which were heralded by the beautiful carols on Thursday evening, were if anything more impressive and appropriate this year than ever before. The Cathedral choir sang, not only as a body of well trained vocalists, thoroughly in accord with their leader and each other, but as if they reverently and heartily partook of the great joj which the Christmas message brings to the world. At S o'clock on Christmas morning the choir, num beriEg about 50, marched into the tastefully decorated building singing ' Christians, awake.' The music of the communion service was by Dr. Monk, of Durham, and was pronounced at this, its firs*' hearing, to be very devotional at-d beautiful. It waa a great treat, too, to hear Merbecke's ' Nicece Creed' really well sung vrith Dr. Staiier'a masterly organ accompani ment. It gave many of the large congregation sincere pleasure to see the venerable Bishop present after a somewhat prolonged indisposi tion. At 10 30 matins were sung, and lovers of Church music must indeed be hard to please if they did not thoroughly appreciate both the music and the way in which it was rendered. Dr. Sullivan's ' Te Deum,' given for the first time, was very effectively sung. It abounds with masteily harmonies and beautiful melody, and is a striking addition to the musical library of the Cathedral. Steggall's ' Benedictua' followed, and the anthem was Henry Smart's 'The Angel Gabriel was sent from God.' This exquisite anthem, the organ prelude and opening recitatives for tenor and bass of which reminded us most forcibly of ' Lohen grin,' is frsm the pen of the man who had the reputation of beiDg the most perfect extempore player that England ever produced. The quartette 'And the Lord God shall give to him' was a most finished piece of concerted singing. The final chorus would have been better if the adult members of the choir had snug more carefully. Dr. Dtndy preached an eloquent sermon on the 3rd verse of tne 2nd chapter of Habakkuk. Snnday's services were a continuation of the Christmas festival. There was a full choral celebration after matins. Dr. Dendy again preached. In the evening the Cathedral was densely crowded, and the music was very beautifaL The Rev. W. Bedeil Stan ford preached from the words, 'This is the dis ciple which ttstifieth of these things.' Thh Babosess Bcbdbtt-Ooutts.— A corre spondent asks us to republish from the Mel bourne leader the following letter, which he asserts is from the pen of a gentleman who, to his knowledge, is well acquainted with the Baroness Burdett-Coutis. We cheerfully do so, although it is certain that if the report ot the projected marriage is a baseless fiction, there are many EDglish papers which have been misled as much as their colonial contemporaries: — 'Sir — Permit me to write a few lines concern ing the rumoured marriage of the Baroness Burdett-Coutts. Some months since you pub- j lisbed a London telegram of such a marriage, and the next day you contradicted the report, thus letting the gossip rest ; other papers were not so' reticent, but seized with avidity every absurd paragraph or silly detail of the vulgar London newspapers ; but as the knowledge of the contradiction has not been properly cir culated amongst the public of Victoria aud sister colonies, I desire to state distinctly, on good authority, and with full knowledge of what I assert, that all the gossip and tattle relating to the Baroness Bnrdett-Coutts and Mr. Ashmead Eartlett is without foundation, and that political and private jealousy is the cause of these inventions. Mr. Ashmead Bartlett is a true subject of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, he never had any occupation in Coutts's Bank, his lineage stands equal to the Barones3 Eurdett Coutts's, and whether her Ladyship marry or not, it does not in any way nffect her relations with the Bank. Mr. Ashmead Bartlett haa since his boyhood been honoured by the friendship of the Baroness. He was her almoner in the Turkish Compassionate Fund, and was her trusted agent in Ireland to find out the best means of alleviating the misery there. He never waa her private secretary, as I knew personally both gentlemen who acted in that capacity. The blush of indignation ought to rise to the cheek of every right-minded man or woman at the gross impertinence and ingratitude to a lady who for more than forty years has been a public benefactress, devoting her life and herwealth for the benefit of the poor, the distressed, the afflicted, and the outcast, irrespective of either creed er country; it was enough thai; they were in need. Has she not been well named the Queen of the London poor ? No brighter name will ever be enrolled in the annals of Eng land's honourable women than Angela Georgina Burdett-Coutt8. — Yours, kc, Yeeitas. Decem ber 10.' Am Old Colonist.— The lata Mr. John Fidge of Ward-street, North Adelaide, whose death is recorded in thi3 issue, arrived in South Aus tralia in 1839, and waa for many years farming at Salisbury. He visited England in 1853 where he reBided with the younger members of hi* family till 1S70, when he returned to South Australia. He leaves a family of six sons and one daughter, fifty-seven grandchildren, and eleven great grandchildren. New Royal Cbows Mijtiso Coiifaxy, Hbatecote. — The latest report from this pro perty states that the shaft has been sunk six feet during the past week, making a total depth of 336 feet. Welsh Feee CnrBcn.— On the evening of Christmas Day a literary and musical entertain ment waa given in aid of the Welsh Free Church. Notwithstanding the excessive heat there was a good attendance, some having come from Gawler, Kapunda, and other distant places. The chair wa3 taken by Mr. D. Davies, J.P . of Prospect, who stated that these meetings, which were held monthly, were not money-making meetings, for there was no charge made for admission (there being only an occasional col Igction). The principal object in view was to cultivate the minds of the young people, and to nourish the grand literature of Wales. A long programme of songs, recitations, ^duets, and dialogues was gone through, the chief performers being Messrs. D. Sherrah, D. Lewis, Jones, W. Davies, Hughes, R. Williams, T. M. Edwards and Herbert, and Misses Davies, Jones, Thomas, Lewis, and Mrs. Jones. A special and amusing feature was the impromptu speaking. On Sunday afternoon, the 2c3tb, the Rtv. John Lloyd preached at Port Adelaide to a large congregation, and in the evening at Flinders-Streets There was a large and appre ciative congregation, i Petpee's, BaTBBTAnfMBHTS. — Professor Pep per, aftep'S' tour in the North, reopened his entertainments in Adelaide on Boxing Day wifh a performance in the afternoon and one in the evening. The afternoon's show introduced many of the wonders of the Professor's reper toire, ' The Agatha D^monis,' a curious mecha nical tableau containing a large number of moving automatic figures, and 'Bluebeard's Home,' after which there were a number of experiments made by the Professor and his assistants, which were very instructive. In the evening, after the exhibition of some pcod scenes called Christmas and New Year's Welcoming*, a scene was given from Professor Pepper's drama entitled ' Hermes and the Alchymist.' The Professor read the dialogues which take place between the Alchy mist, Hermes, and the other characters introduced, and bis assistants supplied the action. We need hardly say that the drama is weird, and is principally interesting in tfcat it serves for the illustration of a number of chemical and mechanical possibilities, including she ghost illusion, which is produced several times. The performance was brought to a con clusion with ' The Shadow Pantomime,' which was very amusing. The performances will be continued this afternoon and evening. Tbe- PASToiinrE.— There was a crowded house at the Theatre Royal on Monday night to wit ness tte repetition of the Pantomime, which was better played than on the first performance, and kept the audience in the highest good humour. The mechanical effeats are excellent, the transformation scene especially being really \- beautiful. There could hardly have been a ! larger or better pleased audience, the gallery i being crowded to excess, the stalls crammed j evea to standing room, and the dress circle i thoroaghly niledr It is stated that 500 persons ! were turned away from the Theatre doors un- | ? able to gain even standing room. Mr. Hall was j : the life and soul of the performance whers- ! j ever any real fun came he was most amusing. He j j was called before the curtain, and several times ' \ encored in his best songs and comicalities, with j j which he made a great hit. j Acadeht o? Mrsic— The Pantomime and the i Marionette performance were repeated at this ! place of amusement on Monday evening in the ? presence of a good house. The different portions ? of the programme were well received, and met J with the approval of those present. ! EncHBRS* Ball— A butchers* ball held at ? the Hotel Europe on Monday evening was well I attended, and dancing and other festivities were j I fcept op until an early hoar. j C0MUHHOBATI05 Day.— The 28th of December is perhaps the d*y of all others throughout the rear which South Australians should honour, it being that on which their country received a ' local habitation and a name.' This year the day will be commemorated as usual at Glenelg with a regatta and many other sports which have been carefully arranged. Now that two lines of railway connect this favourite watering-place with Adelaide the annoyances which have hitherto been felt by the public at the insufficient facilities offered to travellers will to a great extent be obviated. Both Com panies have provided special time-tables, and trains will therefore run three or four times i during the hour. The Port Adelaide Catholic Picnic will al«o be held to-day at Alberton ; the I O.O. will celebrate their first annual pionic at Woodville ; the newly formed Hairdressers' and Tobacconists' Society will hold a picnic on the Kensington Oval. In the evening, besides the pantomimes at the Theatre and Academy of Music, and the Circus and Professor Pepper's entertainment, the mystery of 'Ariel, the flying boy,' will be exhibited at Mr. Wi veil's Art Gallery. Poet Adelaide. — The 27 th waa a well observed holiday amongst the shipping oom munity of Port Adelaide. In the morning the steamers Euro and Glenelg left the Port on excursion trips, the former bound to Edith- j burgh and the Utter to Glenelg. The Police Court sat at the usual time and disposed of about ten cases, and the Gustom-House sus pended business with the exception of the clearing outwards of the steamer Victorian. Several of the vessels in port were decorated j with bunting, thus giving the Port a holiday ; appearance. A very limited number of visitors j were to be seen during the day, no doubt owing | to the few vessels at present in harbour. j Aeiel, ob teb Fltiwo Bot. — We had an | opportunity last evening of witnessing a very i beautiful illusion entitled aa above, which will | be presented to the pnblic for the first time to- j night at Mr. Wivell's Art Gallery, Rundle- j street. The inventor is an Adelaide gentleman, \ and he has certainly exhibited marvellous inge- \ nuity in the construction of the mechanism, for j though no special preparations had been made j on the occasion of our visit, and the operator j explained, as was evident, that the arrangements j were far from complete, sufficient was shown to i prove that lovers of mystery will have some- | thing to tax, and, indeed, baffle their ingenuity in 'Ariel.' On a 'mall stage, with a neat proscenium, is a plain white table standing on four solid-looking legs. Under this are placed six brightjamps, and on the top seveB others ranged round' the four aides. The lecturer shows that i the boy has no casing of iron as in the old sus- I pension business,and then having ' mesmerised' j the lad, places him on a cushion in the centre of ! the ring of lights, and by means of a few passes with his hands raises him in mid-air to 6 height of about five feet. Although the room is well lighted, and the spectators sit at a distance of , about eight feet away, the means by which the Bubject is suspended are absolutely invisible, while to make the matter more incompre hensible the operator draws a sharp sword above, below, and round the boy's figure. The exhibition will certainly repay a visit. Fibe KEAit thb BuBBA.— On Friday. December 24, a fire broke out on the property of Mr. G. A. Gebhardt,at Mount Cove, near his woolshed. A number of his men were soon on the spot, and subdued it after about 800 acres of grass and a quantity of firewood had been destroyed. The men remained watching tbe fire all night, and returned to the head station, on Saturday morning, reporting the danger over ; but some remains must have been lef z, as the fixe started again during the morning, and destroyed about -,C00 acres of grass and several miles of fencing on Mr. Gebhardt's property, aud also about eighty acres of the adjoining land belonging to Messrs. E. & C. W. Bowman, notwithstanding the efforts of a number of the neighbours, who did their best to stay the progress of the fire. Asothbb Case of Dbotvhiso, at Gladstoxe. —Undeterred by the sad fatality en Sunday, the 10th inst., another man, unable to swim, ventured to bathe in the Rocky River on Christ mas Day, and met his death under very similar circumstances to those attending the end of the poor man Grieve. In both cases there were perEons present who could swim, and, notwith standing that they showed great courage iu attempting to Bave their companion, they were unsuccessful. The Rocky River abounds in deep and treacherous holes, and the fate which has frequently overtaken adventurous bathers will no doubt be often repeated until proper bathing facilities are afforded by the townships in the district. An inquest was held in Dennis's Gladstone Hotel on the afternoon of Chiistmas Day for the purpose of enquiring inte the death of Henry Temple, who was drowned while bathiDg in the river on the morning of the same day. Mr. J. W. Ingram, J.P., was Coroner, and Mr. F. G. Rees foreman of the Jury. William Whitchead, Gladstone, stated that at half-past 10 he went -with tbe deceased to the river for the purpose of bathing. Went into the water first. Immediately afterwards heard Henry Bear say, 'Look at Harry.' I swam out of the river and jumped into the place where deceased was. Offered him a pair of moleskin trousers to catch hold of, but I could not save him. Then got on Mr. Growden'a horse and reported the matter to the police. The deceased had been in the water about two or three minutes. His head was not out of the water after I first saw him. There waa about seven feet of water where deceased was. Several persons were bathing in the river close by where deceased was drowned. A man dived after Temple, but could not get him out. Did not see deceased get in the water. The river was very rocky, with a muddy bottom. Had not heard Temple say he would commit suicide, but he did say, as a joke, ' Bill, I'll drown myself to-day.' I said 'Don't do it to-day, it is a holiday.' He asked me which was the best place to go in. I told him a little lower down, or to wait until I could show him the depth. He waited. Have only known de ceased a few days. Some were bathing close by, and others a quarter of a mile away. Deceased tni^ m« ha sm nnable to swim as we were going down. George Fatnow saia ne wens k- mr. John Growden's at about 11 that morning, and was told that a man had been drowned in the river. Went into the water to try and get the body. Was in about half-an-hour before ;he could find it. A man named Fillott came to help him. Dived twice, as also did Fillot, and brought the body up. William Bidmead said he went to bathe with Pitman and Wbitehead. Deceased said to Whitehead that he could not swim, and was told not to go into the water there. He sat on the bank, and after wards followed Ja boy into the water. Witness went past the spot several times. Beare's boy called out that Harry was drown ing. Swam across and jumped from the bank after him, but after diving four times could not get hold of him. He seemed to sink at once. The river was very muddy. There was a piece of wood sticking out of the bank and several stoces. Hi3 head might have struck some of these. Francis Paoli, surgeon, stated that the cause of death waa aiphyxia from drowniDg. The Jury found that Henry Temple met his death by drowning accidentally and not other wise.' Tee Riyeb Disteict Tbade.— We quote the following from a new paper published at Wilcan nia, called the Wtstern Grazier: — 'A squatter residing near Brewarrina has written to the ?Syutiev Press on the subject of the Upper Darling trade, combating the idea that when the railway is extended to Bourke the trade of that uistric; will be diverted to Sydney. That wool has gone thither this year he maintains ia only due to the low state of the river, and that unless a substantial reduction in railway rates be made and a branch line be laid to Loath, freight will resume its old course towards Adelaide and Melbourne whenever the sea son permits. Wool grown as far down as Wilcannia ne believes will not under any circumstances find its way to Port Jackson. Ho refers to the vigour and enter prise shown by the steamer Interest, and believes that Sydney has only two points in its favour — one being the high rate of insuring wool by river, and the other the uncertainty of navigation ; but contends that these, with the railway combined, will not be sufficient to divert tbe trade as anticipated. He concludes a length) but well-written letter as follows:— 'Would it not be well, once the railway is open to Dubbo, to bid for this trade? A ?policy gomewbat similar to that adopted by Victoria and South Australia would have the effect of immediately drawiug a portion ot it to Sydney. Goods from Melbourne consigned to the Darling are allowed a rebate on usual railway rates to Kchuca, and, I am informed, on wool also from the Darling to Melbourne. The South Australian Government adopts a Bimilar course, the actual rebate on Darling wool from Morgan to Adelaide being sixpence per bale on undumped wooL A proportionate reduction on our Western railway for Darling goods and wool, and same policy pursued as the line is still further extended, would soon put rival colonies out of the field.' ' The Ofuhaee MraDHB, Nett Zealand.— A correspondent writes :— ' Dr. Gibbes, the Coroner on this inquest, is the brother of the Rev. G. E. Gifcbcs, of this city. The accounts he furnishes corroborate fully what his already appeared in the Beyiiter. The affecting scenes when the search party found Miss Dobie's body at 10 at night only a mile from Opunake, being led to it by two of Miss Dobie's pet dogs, also the intense excitement in the Court when Tuhi, calm and collected, coolly confessed having com mitted the atrocious deed, will long be remem bered by all those present. Great sympathy is felt for her relatives at her untimely end, Miss Dobie having made many f rieeds not only at ParnelL where she, with her mother and sister, lived, but also in Auckland and through out the whole of New Zealand, Miss Dobie being one tbe ccIcdj might well be proud of. 