OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) The Christmas holidays of 1880 will long be hell in remembrance by those whose hopes of an interrupted season of enjoyment were so rudely dashed to the ground by the appalling accidents, particulars of which will have reached you by telegram before this letter finds space in your columns. Your readers can more easily imagine than I can describe the gloom which was cast over the town when the sad wind-up of the children's sports in the Domain became known. What a scene on such a festive occasion. The crushed and mangled forms of little children drawn from beneath the fallen pavilion. The cries of rejoicing and innocent glee turned to moans of anguish and bitter lamentation. The dead and mangled body of the young man a moment ago so fall of life and energy. The awe-struck faces of the lookers on. The line of cabs convcying the little sufferers to the Hospital. Al this, I say, can be more easily imagined than described. The gale which threw down thle pavilion was the severest ever experienced here. Giant limbs of trees were torn off like match-wood, stacks of three chimneys united were blown over, anul vhielescontaining passengers capsized liks children's tcys. Portions of roofing were stripped off, and walls and fences thrown down with irresistible force, The fruit trees in :many gardens have been literally stripped, and enter what street you may, evidence of the destructive effects of tihe gale meets the eye oil every hand. It is possible that we have not yet heard tihe last of accidents, as one or two boating excur sions have not since been heand of. Thie excursionists to l'ort Arthur deserved tie punishment they received. Aware that rough weather was in store, Captain Capurn advised hoem to agree to a trip down channel. ut this they would not hear of, and tlho captain gave way. The after experience of the paseen gers taught them a lesson whisk they will not douhbt remnember for ia lifetime. The cabin was crowded to suffocation with ladies drenched and bedraugled, enduring all the wretchedness of sea sickness, and on deck the forms were thrown from side to side to the danger of life and limb as the vessel rolled, and the miserable passengers were drenchedl by the water which continu.dly swept over the side. Ttose who, kepl ilndoors during the day, and visited the Theatre in the evening, had the best of tlhe holiday on Boxing Day. The name of J. 0\. Williamtson has become a household word, andl wheever we hear the name mentioned we think of "Strtek Oil" and "Pinafore." In slite of the inceemency of the weather there wtas a good attendanee on the opening night, and I expect to see crowded houqes during the season. Messrs J. IV. Dodge and Co. have been tnaking active arrangements which are likely to make the Theatre more than usually attractive for some time to come, and in opening with the Williamsons they have made a great hit. I need hardly say that tihe perform'ance gave un bounded satisfaction, and that Mr and Mrs WVilliamson received a very hearty welcome. 'lle " ghost" has been at his cowardly work again, and really some prompt action should be taken Iy the proper authorities to put down a practice which has alt'sady caused much suffering and evil. I have no doubt that the rascal will be bowled out some day. and then if he is not tarred and feathered Ihe will escape his deserts. His Excellency Sir J. H. Lefroy, Lady Lefroy, and Miss Lefroy attended the annual gathering of the Associated Sunday-schools of the dissent intg bodies, held as usual at the Melville-street W\esleyan Churlh on tihe morning of Boxing Day, and his Excellency took advantage of the occasion to make some practical remarks in his usual haplpy style uponl tile importance and value of the work which Sundaty.sahool teachers are called upon to perform. The interest evinced by Sir J. H. Lefroy and the mernmbers of his family in the social welfare of the people whom Ihe ihas been called upon to govern, has already made him the most popular Governor we have had for many years past. The interest lie manifests is always shown so unobtrusively, and is so free from anything like patronage,tlhat ihe wins the hearts of the people wherever he goes. He has repeatedly shown also by acts of thoughtful kindness, as when lihe sent the draught boards and pieces to the old men at the Invaltd Depot last week, that he is earnest in his expressed desire to serve "the people." May he remain long with us is the fervent wish of many. This afternoon (Monday) the weather is calm and fine. \Ve never look for settled weather until the Christmas holidays are over. Messrs Jas. Gray and W. H. Burgess are now definitely in the field for the seat for West -lobart. I think Mr Gray will head the poll when the result of the contest is made known. Dec. 28. 