BUTLER'S CATECHISM. ! . V ' no. : nix. ; . Tiib Popish .children about whose religion , and morals Dr. Yaughan is so , anxious, and for whom he has provided Butler's Catechism, > to instruct them in1" Catholic doctrine, no 'sooner ' get ; through their lesson on the power and graces of '' Bap-. tism,"'as " salving 'them from' original' sin, from actual sin, from all the punishments due. to previous sin, making tliom -Chris tians, the children of God; and the heirs of lieaven," then -tliey are told something still higher, viz.,' " tliat confirmation is a sacrament to make strong and perfect Christians."' . What is , confirmation : " A sacrament , which ' makes us strong and perfect Christians. " How does'-the bishop give confirmation ? " By the imposition: of hands and by- prayer ; ' -tthat is, he. holds out Shis hauds and prays: at the same; time that the Holy. Ghost may descend j upon those who are to; be confirmed, and then 'makes the sign of the cross, on their foreheads with chrism.'' , ISTow, it is quite after Butler's way that I when he cannot find a passage in Scrip ture to prove; his teachings, or: to seem, to prove them,- he leaVes the proof alone, and contents! himself with bare assertion. This plan he follows here. He says confirma tion is a sacrament j" and .he says that a "sacrament is instituted by Christ." . , But it would have been interesting if Butler h d attempted to point to the \ a sage; which tells us that Christ instituted con firmation. We should like to look at the .passage which, says; this, >or.; seems - to ; say it. - We are siu-e it would i be s a, curiosity or . a fraud., ; But Butler, is: advise .teacher. He. knqws how to deal with the Popish children and - their parents ; - and - as he always relies upon , theiiv; knowing not to- : think, he takes care not to say i anything which will-rouo'ie them , to do so. Butler then, lias no jpassage - to prove or to seem" to prove : that -Christ institxited the so- 1 called : ! sacrament ; of confirmation ; and therefore the children, if :> they would only ' think, would , be justified in concluding that Christ'did not institute it, and that 'consequently; it is not a sacrament at ; all. Right ! Ah yes ; but Butler did find a passage which seems to prove that the Holy ; Ghost was ; given " by the ' laying on of hands." i Accordingly, Butler quotes ' this ! passage; (Acts viii. 15-17) > to prove that the Bishop in confirmation, lay on1 his hands on- the children's head ! : This is iquite in accordance7 with the craft of Butler; ;but see it3 logic.' ' See its honesty'. ( The Apostles- gave' the Holy Ghost to- the believers', in Samaria by the laying on of hands and -therefore, in , confirmation; the bishop should lay on the heads of the children 7iis hands, and give them through his fingers the Holy Ghost ! He shoulil have found some other passage for - the scoring of the children's brow with wliat is called " chrism." He could not find any ; and - therefore1 he quietly left the proof alone ! The whole thing, therefore, _ is a ; fraud. The little (Children; ' ' whom1 ;the lordly bishop is going to " make perfect and strong Christians, " are told that the' bishop gives them - the Holy - Ghost | for-_ gives their sins ; makes them holy and pure ; makes them able to fight the devilj and, ' by, miaking the sign of -tho cross on their foreheads, with -oil," he - strengthens them to -fight and;- to conquer— " in hoc signo." ' Is it a truth or a lie ? Is it a facb or a fraud f'- Is it a Popish invention to magnify the lordly bishop as a successor of the ApostleSj dr a' sacrament which has the most distaht warrant in Scripture 1 ( But Butler goes on. " Why "does the bishop. give tho person whom ho confirms a stroke' oh the cheek ? . "To put them (sic) in mind that; by confirma tion, they are strengthened (sic) to suffer, and, iE necessary, even to die for , Ohrist." Now, here, is a bother, about. " whys and wherefores." How : interesting. But where is the -proof about the Apostles ' giving the people of Samaria q slap oh the cheek or a tickle under the chin; when they were giving them the Holy- Ghost 1 Butler, does not offer anything; so the little, children, who get the bishop's .slap or tickle are quite content to believe that Christ instituted it, and that the. Apostles practised ; it, to make strong . and perfect Christians ! Why 1 but: why. did the. chil dren get a slap. on the cheek. 1 01i,;itf is to remind . them; that they ewe strength ened.!;! It -is to remind them that--,they' are strengthened to suffer ctnd even to die for Christ ! Here is the Popish curiosity of chil-1 dren being reminded- of a thingithey .never knew before, and of being reminded.-, of - a thing ; whioh they ought io ,/eeZ -if-, there were any truth -in it.; '. But ...Popish . .chil dren are wonderful- children ; they are made strong; ; without 'knowing it, made- perfect without feeling it; and -then, lest I they shquld neither know it nor feel it, tliey are made to remember -it all the . days of their, life. by. getting a .slap ; , from the bishop when tliey are receiving: from him the Holy Ghost,!; Children, during .their lifetime, get many a, slap. . , Some from their > parents ; .«. some , -from .their teachers; some from- their fellows in r-the . playground ; and sometimes those slaps are accompanied- with- black eyes and bleeding noses ;, but they quickly . forget them , all. | Yet the slap . of tho bishop, when, they were , made strong and perfect . Christians, I and when, they received the Holy. Ghost, they never forget, for it ialways reminds1 .them, that they are strengthened,., to suffer and to die for- Ohrist !- , . Wonderful, slap ! Holy tickle under the, chin ! . But now. Butler goes further : — , "What graces are received by confirma tion ? - " The seven. gifts of the Holy Ghost. V Repeat! the seven, gifts of the Holy Ghost ? ' " Wisdom, understanding, counsel, fortitude,' I knowledge, piety, and the fear o£ the Lord." Here is a marvellous assertion, and, as usual, without proof. Butler hazards the, statement that the confirmed children do get tliose 'seven. gifts: of. -the Holy Ghost.; If the statement be true, how thankful the country ought to- - be to ! 1 those lordly bishops who !gO: about with- oil !in; . their. pockets to -work such miracles !; , s No wondor that Dr. Yaughan complains of Sir Henry Pairkes not recognizing ! how' muchtthe Catholic Church and bishops are .the benefactors of the( race ! No wonder that -Dr. Yaughan wants -the: State to pay .him- " by : results."- The .' Parliament, - the ! Council-. lof /Education;-' and-, the1 country have been longing to set up : systems: -and. I schools and to appoint teachers . and com- . pile books- to' make the. children of: tho colony " good citizens." . Yast! : sums of money have been expended on Denomi national and Public School efforts: to .train and. instruct the children and- - make them good citizens. But why all .this; waste 1 Why all this toil of Parliament, ' Colonial Secretaries, rand ; Coimcils of Education ? 'If what Butler's Catechism :says: is true, a 'far easier! method is lying at hand.' The secret of the hope of the colony .- lies .with Dr. , Y aughan and his fellow bishops. They undertake to: make at I the shortest notice perfect and strong Christians oiit of the children1 who are passed under their hands.; ( They undertake to give all' : chil- dren "who have their hands laid : on them the seven ; gifts of the Holy. Ghost. They swear by the Apostles, and give ; the. Apostles; themselves as! a pledge- of good , faith, that i -they can and do give to their children "-wisdom, understanding; counsel,' fortitude; - knowledge, piety, and' the fear of the. Lord.": ,! .What - then , could (-Parlia ment or the Council of Education want 1 What more could . the ; cbuntry--;want|? Give Dr. Yaughan and his bishops a cask of oil, :a dozen or two. iof - small : portable . bottles, ! ; send his bishops' and .himself .through the! country, by (free, passes -and special Cobb's , coaches, ; and authorize them to confirm all the children in all , the schools from the one . end of the land | to the other ; , and!then, see what: splendid I " results " will be realized ; what . magnifi- cant results-, worthy of being paid 'for ! The i children :will . be wise, intelligent, capable of giving advice, brave, Jeriowing, pious, and greatly - devoted to::tho /ear of the Lord ; and: so the Public Schools may l'-ba henceforth closed,; the public : teachers may be sent to the plough;: the Council of Education may be thanked with '. dignity; I and the Parliament may be saved its £200,000 annually ; all through the con firming power of the bishops of the true Church, who " give the seven gifts of .the Holy Ghost !" , The,,promiBe is grand; but is it true? Is.it a good promise, or another of the Popish frauds ,of Dr. Yaughan The answer will'be' found in looking- at the children whom" Dr. Yaughan and his friends , have , been confirming ' for" years past. By tlieir fruits ye shall know them. ( , Look at r those avonderful little children' fresh from the slap and tho .oil. They , are said to be strong and perfect Christians, ' They are said to have got seven ; gifts— Y wisdom, - understanding, counsel, - fortitude, knowledge, piety, and the fear' of , the Lord." Is it true, or a hypocritical . falsehood, which deserves only ridicule,? Alas, "perfect Christians !" Alas, Y strong Christians,!", If . anybody will go to thoso Popish schools where Butler's Catechism is taught and,: where Dr. Yaughan has his ring kissed., as! often as he visits them, and look at the speci- mensofperfectChristiahs" there, how; con vinced he would be of the virtue - and power of confirmation ! Look at thoses speci- i, mens of Popish " wisdom,, understanding, counsel, fortitude, knowledge, piety, and- the fear of' the Lord." Seven gifts of the Holy Ghost dwell in every one of, those wonderful .children ! They got them in confirmation. Perhaps they did. THey slipped into them by the aid of the oil ; but: probably also they slipped out because of tlib oiliness ! Be, this however as it may, it would take a microscope of a million times power to discover those gifts in such perfect and strong Chriitians ; strong indeed to throw stones and break windows; and perfect indeed in the service of giving as much trouble as possible, and cost to the Govern ment."1 Butler concludes- by asking tho chil dren " if it is a great sin to neglect con- I firmation?" And the answer is, " Yes — especially in these evil days when faith and morals are so much exposed .to strong temptations." - How remarkable"! Here, ithen, is the secret of Dr. Yaughan's famous charge, that the "Public Schools are seed- plots of immorality." If the children neglect confirmation, and don't get the seven gifts of. the Holy Ghost ; if they go to the Public schools and are denied those | seven gifts ; " faith and morals " are finally ruined. . But if. they go, to the Popish schools, where Butler's. Catechism is taught, and they got the Bishop's slap and the seven gifts of .'the Holy Ghost, they will be able to resist the . strong , and violent temptations that prevail in these \evil days." Yes, yes; but then the country had better . consider how it is that: the children who get the seven gifts are more immoral than ; all other children who don'tgetthe seven gifts ; and how it is that the children of the Public Schools -find their way to asylums, pauper houses, orphanages, ; gaols, lockups, and other establishments for the Queen's , trouble some- citizens far more seldom than , those happy children who are " strong and per fect Christians." It is the oil that makes the difference! 