JvO wontlfir net'! \te exprese'l tlmfc Mr. \- JfcTlwi-iitli hail to 1« sulljected to extreme pressnre before be would make tli'e usual financial statement, which is intended to show to Parliament and the country the real state of the colony with ' regard to its' receipts and expenditure. ; The Op position bad a right, and very prbperly insisted, npon it, before the House com mitted itself to the disbursement of a \- large sum annually by way of subsidy for a new Mail Contract, tp know the real condition of the country, forepart t from the merits of the jcase, ,the {rdssks [ sion of the. means of carrying it out, or i otherwise, would necessarily-become one I of tl'.e essential factors En working out I the problem. The stateiueht,' now that I it is fairly before the country,. is' not only I far from satisfactory, but it amounts to I the ingeudering of pdsitise alarm, in the I breasts of all thinking people. As to I the introductory Jiart ofr the. Premier's 1- sjreech wlib-^i refeni.to the tinuspakdelay I faii^^^Sa t-rup. iitw' uSt ^elay I . could prove advantageous |. to the c»lony I and be a public benefit,.. he did not' at ( tempt to prove, and indeed we can-tbink ? of no possible argument 'that cotDdbe I brought to 'bear in supjKrrtihg the pure I assumption. All tlie usual sources of in I Cofue, vritli the exception j of one, have I yielded less than tire! ampunt that was I ' estimated. The Customs have produced I , T80,2.j0 less than the sum ; calculated I ' ujiori ; the stamp duties j£7400 less ; I licenses X5000 lessj and against all this I loes the only item on tlie( ntlier side is | the gain by the Excise of £200.0. There I has l*en a deficiency in the' receipts of I ' the Southern and Western. Railway of 9 £30,000 and on. the Central] line' of E £020. In the telegraph receipts there is I. a. deficiency' of £3080, and In rniscel | laneous services, a deficiency) of£38,000. |! 'Jlie Premier expresses the hoi-c that the [i tide, which for so long. a time, has been || running out,, lias at last turned, and that I! prosta-rity will soon wait upon his efforts I lie attributes the hitherto falling off in ! the revenue of the colorryj tohfhe dc I I pression in traije, ; an. txpri.ayiio'n of I i opinion that is worthy of, the genius of | t another Solomon. When , a loan s ! affaire culminate in ulfer Cankriiptcy,' I it is because his ijfouoi is, and has been, H less than his eA»iMihire. , 'J'he very i horoelv but exceedingly apt illustration ,1 of Dit-kens, on the' subject, : i«'-'pially | appliraWe to nations as to individuals. To be hopeful as to the 'future iis most ' ! praiseworthy, and calculated to'cheer lap ? lieart, but nut when it is know', beyond | all doubi, Lhut the current is W^ing nm ! ; in the very contrary direclion to. which : ! we wish to steer, and ihat'all pur effoi-IH i have hitherto been too feeble, a'1' our ? gtrengtlP too puny u. overcome tlm dilti '. Uiiltits by which we are snrroiuidodj- then ''.'i R lieeomes, fa- rfwitly suicidal to our trest r i= i iirospects, to sit down with {oltfwl -»«-«« ? : land hope for the beef The trdp way I itiirn, bat posKibly not until tl»«; ','B ! .''becoine stranded in .the meantime and la / ji total wreck. Mrl. Mictiwbcr is;orien_ X jesteemed the guide, philosopher, and friend] of j countries as of individuals. ITo' aiwiys. waited' for something to 'turn up;' so do they. file great nove'isi, however, intended the character to lm a warning, and not an example. \Y'o belie.v-» it would not be too nfucli to ssv that ' good times ' for tlie 'colonies, as .tie v have occurred previously, liaye seldom,- perhaps never, been the natural result of wise legislation. ' There has always lieeni some adventitious: circum stance, some lucky cihance, that lias ''turned uji' to firing about the much wished for result. Either it was the dis covery of gold, bringing in its train, thousands of jicople, who caused money to be plentiful by digging the precious metal from the I 'owels of theedrth '; or -the sudden rise in the price of tin which cansed'the industry to be developed ]to a ifar greater extent than: before jlor again that -half-penriy or penny rise in , wool, in the English liiarket, which made all the difference between' presperity ? and ruin to hundreds of individuals, ; and which obliged, the banks .'to. release their hold on the throats of the squatters tall these have teen the means of bringing prosperity, but alas, only of a temporary character.' No advantage was taken of the circumstances, by .wise legislation,, to woo the golden visitor, and encourage his stay among us. .He might fold his wings and appear as though he would remain, but soon' they iwere again expanded and he took his fligfit He did but dip his wing in our dark sea, and then away, we. watched -him whilst. And now it ap Ipears as though another chance is to bo given, not by legislation, hut by the dis coveries that have attended the researches pf science. The flocks and herds that are literally upon a thousand hills are to'beat last utilised. That which has been hitherto almost useless and valueless ?is 'to be converted into gold. ' The hnngyy- millions pf the mother country are to be fed by: her youngest daughters, who, like, a certain individual, in a lieautifiil story, in an Old Book, has been sent into a i strange country, afar off, in order' to provide food and save life; the plenty of the one land providing for the comparative famine of the other. It has been proved to demonstration, that meat can be supplied to the markets of .the old country in a. perfectly fresh and pnre state ; that, unlike the Australian tinned meats, there. is no prejudice against it on the part of consumers, aiid that such markets are illimitable in their extent. Thb. question then comes to be, will the Legislature facilitate the export of frozen meat liy enacting wise laws. The measures to bo adopted must rest with Parliament, Powerful and wealthy com i patries may he formed, and all that jscience, combined with skill and industry, I to ]which may be added frugality and igood management; may be brought to bear, but their utmost efforts will be useless unless they aro encouraged by the [assistance of the State. , We do 'not mean by Special subsidies, but by offer ing every facility for the dev elopment of the new industry. Although there is supel ifl^uudarice of material, in .the ehape of blillocks and sheep, yet they are, for the iliost .part, in tlie far interior and will lie required - to he brought hundreds of miles to the ports of shipment. It will he for the Government to make such arrangements in the management of the railways and as ' to the tariff to be charged for transit, as will give every en couragement to producers ; becaus^ although there is a vast difference in the price of meat here as compared with the old country, the necessary expenses wjll be large and the margin ot profit may be very small when each transaction is finally [closed. Much will depend upon taking the railways to deep water, as it must lie very obvious that lightering and transhipping will not only bo detrimental to the art'ele exported, but they will add, very materially to the shipping and geperal lexpenses. ' Wjll the Government recognise the importance of this, and act upon ill Mr. Moll wraith depends upon the.'sale|of the public lands for replenish ing the. Treasury. This is a grand mis take which has been' already found out in tiie'mglibouring colony of New South Waies. It is like a merchant or trades man wl o meets his daily expenditure not by the profits accruing from his stock, but from tlie sale of. the stock itself, and the time eventually comes when ho becomes a bankrupt because he has notljing to sell. Tlio publie_£state should lie held in trust, anil managed accordingly, and not any of the proceeds arising* from any portions of it,' should Im devoted to current expenditure. The Premier! pro|ioses to adjust the finances of the colony by transferring one item of. iiidcbVodness to anothor account, just like the man who determines to pay his butcher | by borrowing 'the necessary amount from his bukor, and then thanks ? ilea'ven tihat tlie account is paid, and the debt disciwrged. Altogether the affairs of the colony appear to be bad enough and a contemplation of them strengthens the belief of tlioBO who contend that responsible government came all.too soon, because Ithe colonies generally, and Queensland particularly, do not possess the men Iwho are statesmen enough to cope with the acknowledged difficulties 'in- those emergencies in which they arise. It is said! that the darkest hour is that which immediately precedes the dawn ; I hen is tluiir hope for. .Queensland.. Tlie aspect of affaire can scarcely look blacker.. With ' an | overtaxed people, a failing treasury], uUl the Parliament engaged in the Ifiti-Iigglo fr'' place, there is only hope left to sustain and cheer. Hi' whole secijiit of failure lies in it very small compass. The earnings of the cohere are Imllicient, but the money lias to be: sent 'put of the country and .ex ?chiinoed for what 'should ho manufactured on the spot - Let the Government en courage uiif . foster local manufactures, tln*ri 'will* be found for thousands i pon thousands; who will it. tin n become the consumers of farm and other produce. The , large amounts that are now Wot away aiinnally would lie kei.t in the community, atid would per coh.to throughout society to tl.o general TV [A general meeting bf.the'TTiQmber3 oF the MaVknT 'Ilbrubultural Society. Wasi'beld at Will's Hotel on jTueulay erening, the Rev. A. A. Miiclnrcn, Pre^iilent of ; the Society, in tlio cltjiir. The nttendanco of * members \ vtas not large, nnil it was -sugcosted tliat. it. would be ndvi?-able to postpone the consideration of the ? bus-imvs to a fubire eroning.: It wasl argued, however, that als'uotice had boen given of the meeting in the liieal Press, it would bia better to proceed. Tho : rules of the .Society wore ttien read seriatim, by Mr. Black, who acted as Secretary on the I occasion, and adopted. Mr. John McBrydc and Mr. W. ? J.- Mcllroy wore appointed auditors. Some discussion aro.«e as to the printing of the rules in pamphlet form, and it was ultimately decided to let the matter stand over for thr» present. A rote of : thanks to the President closed the proceedings; A special meeting of the, Municipal Coun cil was called for 'Wednesday afternoon, for the purposo of taking'; into consideration tbo re port of tho sub-committee in referencoi to tho proposed action !of the Council in* raising . special revenues for the repairing and main taining- the Ifeboj and Bridge Roads. : Tlie meeting, 'however, did not take place. Happily there bias been vory»little business transacted at ourj local police conrt aince our Wedne.sday's.issaoJ, Yesterday a seaman named Bloomsberry;, of the schooner Superior now .lying iulthe-river, was summoned by Captain Roscngren to - appear before . the Police Magistrate, Captain Goodall, for being absent from his ship, without leave. Bloorasberry pleaded', guilty to the charge, and was ordered ? to pay 4s. Gs., costs: of court,' and to return to his duty. i The aboriginal scoundrel, Johnny Campbell, has suffered the extreme penalty of. the 'law, as he wasjianged the other day in Brisbane Gaol.. In ' connection with tfto bushranger, Mr. Bayncs, in his place iu Parliament, dtew the atteutionof the Colonial Secretary to: the circumstance that 'the desperado had been several times suffered to escape the hands of the police. He also mentioned thaftbe Burnett district was very inadequately supplied with police protection. 'Ho urged Mr. Palmer the great necessity of sending more efficient pplicemen, and in greater number to the out lying -districts. How the answer that was given to Mr. Bayuea|will square with the in tention of the Government to dispense with tho services of the- polico in many places: in in which tlioy are at present located, it would bo difficulty to see. The services of the Native Police algojwo to be abolished gradually, and the squatted of tho interior are to be subjected to the unehecked ravages of the denizens of , the bush. There may have been outrages that have. been committed by the corps, but their total dismemberment should have been the result of a careful enquiry. It must be very hard for cattle and ffock-mastors to have their property wantonly distroyed, and that not for the purposes of food, without being provided with, protection of any -nature. The Dillon-South dramatic company, ap peared on Wednesday evening, at 'the School of Arts Theatre, in Don: Csesar de Bazan, with a Musical Olio as an afterpiece. On Thursday evening, a full house assembled to witness the rendition of the everi^ popular H. M.- Si 44 Pinafore.' The beautiful music, written. for tho piece by Arthur Sullivan, is excellently wedded to tho words, and when well played,, adds in an cmiuent degree to the general, effect. The intonation peculiar to the sailor is written with much happiness/ reminding: the hearers of the scones; that must have taken; „placc in the Saturday Nights at Sea, as written by Dibderi. It is necessary, however, in order to enjoy the full benefit of the music,- that the vocalisation should 'be in the same key as the^scorftpaniment, as it souuds somewhat pecuBar^Sheu one is about; a tone aud a half under or above the other.: Mr. South was on Wednesday evening, as indeed he is always, exoellent. ' His Captain Corcorap '? caused mach merrim^iit, especially among those who were near enough to see ithe inimitable play of his features. Ho possesses a good voice, and makes the most of it. |Miss Edith Pender's Josephino was well received, as indeed it should always be. She bring3 tho whole of her histrionic powers and excellent vocalisation to bear,, and the result is most successful. Mr. Tyrrell's Sir Joseph Portor, K.C.B., was jgyp.n with that easy grace! which is supposed =^fe,belong to -the parvenu class. The other characters sustained their parts, and acted np to the 44 Stars ' with care and ability. We were glad to see so fall a house on the occasion, although it is only fair to say the company, talented though it is, appeared to considerable disadvantage, arising from 'the fact that 14 Pinafore/' is one of the pieoes in which our local dramatic club really excels, it having been recently placed ' on, the stage and tepreseDted in a manner ; that wonld not lie a discredit to tbe metropolitan boards. Shakespeare's acknowledged - masterpiece 44 Hamlet, Prince of Deumack,' is to be represented to-night. This-great- play has never yet beeu rendered in Mackay, and as few 'of the inhabitants may ha^e had an- oppor tunity of witnessing Mr. Dillon's Hamlet and Miss Edith Pender's Ophelia, we have there fore taken a few extracts from the Southern papers from which^our readers may be able to -judge for themselves. We have -seon both. Mr. Dillon and Miss Peudor in Brisbane, and also in New South Wales, aud can fully en dorse tho sentiments expressed in tho follow ing extracts : — Mr. Dillon's Hamlet is un doubtedly one of his best impersonations. Ho dressed the part splendidly, laud his general appearance botokened thoroughly the melan choly Dano that Shakespeare, iutouded. His address to the players was given in 'a masterly stylo. The Ghost Scene, in which horror, overcome by filial atfection, is dopioted, will not readily be forgotten by all who bad the pleasure of witnessing it. Im other portioos of tho story Mr. Dillon was intensely effective, his facial expression aud his every gesture being in thorough harmony with tho utterances, and Ills several recalls were bub tho well- merited recognition of his artistm portraiture. It must be added that his (ifocutionary display shewed not only an intixpilto ocquaiutaaoo with tbe moro mcchauical rules, but also a scholarly interpretation of th£ text. Miss Edith Pender has established herself horoas a general favourite, and her chatmiug manner and grace ful acting as Ophelia bnly still moro confirm our good opinion of her as a legitimate actress. I^er mod scene especially was most beautifully rendurod. * ? * f * ? Those talouted -dramatic artists prouucod Ilamlet last night with great success. Parting from tho old formal style . of representing the title role, Mr. Dillon, by his carefnl reading/and yet moro caroful rendering, Invested i tho character with. ,* dignity and bearing, while, preserving the mournful side of tho unhappy prince, that it was an absolute treat to witness. Miss. Kdith Pender especially won tho ayrnplithiesof the audience by her expressive delineation of the unfortunate Ophelia. . . . , Groat praise is due to them, for they arc conscien tious artists, and deuervo all thui success they arc gaining here. # ? ? * * * Of oourso the great attraction was Mr. Dillon's Hamlet, nnd we are not disappointed. A finer iin mrsonatitm of the part it lias rarely huen our ot to witness, both in elocution land general appearance. Miss Pender was , beautifully natural as Ophelia. Not the slightest strain ing 'after- effect, but every point so finely rendered as to wiufor-hor tho most unqualified muse. ????*? Mr. Dillon and Hiss Pender were perfect in their respective roles, Hamlet's meeting with his lather's ghost, - anil the lady's mad scene being tho genn* of the performance. j We have inspector! end touted what we predict will bo one of tho moK important in Jroduetions to this dietrict. Wo ullude to a mm-t ;f¥)werful rlisinfeifant known as 'Little's 8oIub!iiPliunyh\' luU-ly imported by .Me-sis. K. 8. Rtivrson nod Co.. of this town. Iu this fluid, u samplo of which Is before us, is com bined every rcquisito for tho purification of houpital^ flick rooms, labour vcmoU, utublea, drams, sewers and ; other \ private necessaries. Now that : the . dry! season is approaching re sidents in town or country would do well to test tlio efficacy of this vaIuable.compound.lt has jill the good qualities ; of carbolic acid with out its disadvantages, as it is . nonpoisonous, .non- corrosive, mixes most readily with water, leaves a pleasant and refreshing* odour after, use, and is harmless alike to man, animal or fabric.. As an insecticide it is uirvaluable, de stroying ants and - insect r life,, and' a well diluted sprinkling of the fluid wOl effectually drive away those torturing pests, mosquitoes and sand flies. We are informed that if cane plants are dipped in a 'weak ? solution of 1 to 100 parts of water any fear of rust or borer may be set Aside.' A small quantity added to the morning bath will be found' as strong a defence against contagious fevers as a means of impart ing a. healthy glow to the' skin, and a refreshing tone to the whole system. This Phenylo has been very strongly recommended by the faculty and we hope before long to see it in general use, as it-is extremely reasonable in price/and should bo ia every household. A meeting of the Committee of tho Mackay Horticultural Society was*held at tho School of Arts on Thursday aftcrnoom The members present wore tho Rev. A. A. Maclaren,. Presi dent, Dr. Swiiyne and Messrs. Nicholson, Black and the Secretary. It was resolved to add the Honorary Treasurer, and Secretary as ear officio members of tbe Committee. Tho by-laws of tho Society were considered at some : length and finally passed. The 'meeting then closed. The report of tho Post and ' Telegraphic, de partments of Queensland for tlie year 1879 has been lying on our table for some little time. It treats of the - Torres Mail 8errice, a subject which is uppermost in tbe ? minds of' most politicians at tho present moment. The wholo of tbo circumstances aro succintly givon which led up to'the negotiations between tbe Colonial Treasurer and the British India* Com pany in relation to tho proposed contract which has caused tbo 44 Stonewalling ' which has recently occurred In the Legislative As sembly. The re-arrangement of ' postages be tween tho Imporiat Government and tho Aus tralian colonies, is sot forth, at some length. Other mattori^of interest, in connection with the postal services, are givon, .including the general postal union, and tbe special conven tion with tho Government of Hongkong. A return of the letters, newspapers and packets, shows that there has been an increase of all classes of correspondence during tbe year. The items under the several heads of revenue in tho postal branch, show a considerable in crease on tbo previous year'.. In the Electric Telegraph department, there are included tho . extension'^! lines completed, tho extensions in progress, ana^the extensions provided for. A number of tables containing very useful in formation are appended. With reference to tbo amount of work that has;bcen accomplished in the several post offices throughout tho colony, tbo local, office ofthis dffitrict bears favour-: able comparison «ith nnyv other, in regard both to the amount of business and the very small appliances for carrying it out. In re gard to the money ord^r service, we see . th'atC, Mackay ranks the seventh in order, being in advance of Ip3wicli, Gympie, Bowon, Cooktown Warwick, Dalby, and the rest, the'ohly towns doing a larger amount of business being Bris bane, Bockhampton, Maryborough,- Too woomha, ..Townavillo and Charters. Towers. How our local postmaster nianages to get through so much work, with so little assistance is a marvel to us and to many. : Tho postal business of tbo district has been for some- time and is now, increasing to a In rgd extent and if we are rightly informed tho postmaster, who 1ms been for a long -time in tho service, per forms the onerous duties, without complaint and with no incroaBe of salary. His appears to be an examplificatian of the old adage '? The willing' horse may work.' What is required in Mackay to moot the requirements of the . postal business, is an additional clerk in tho office, and a letter carrier for the town. The .report generally is interesting to those who care to wade through statistical tables, more 'es pecially as they throw very considerable light ;upon the question that is now before ' the country. The, long expected, Ball was given to the children of tho town and district of Mackay last evening iu the large Hall of tbe School of Arts. At an early boar the little ones began to assemble, attended by their friends, and soon the tones of the Grand Piano .and tbe directions of the Master of Ceremonies, Bnmrao-, ned them to engage in thegay and festivedan^e. Tbe many spectators. felt themselves growing young again once moro, as they witnessed the real enjoyment of those who were 'engaged. The children of lesser growth showed their ap. preciation of the good things that had been provided for them, and 'accepted them as to the manner boru. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon Mr. J, 0. Binnay for .mak ing tbe entertainment the great success it proved itself to be. His -genial kindheart edness did not consider itself imposed npon, although almost tho whole weight of the re sponsibility had been placed upon him. Committccs are often appointed, and their members aro generally ready enough to tako to themselves a large amount of credit, but'in ther present case wo understand tlio whole burden and heat of tho day; and of the ' night too, has fallen upon the shoulders of the gentleman uaraod. The wholo arrangements were well managed, and reflect tho greatest credit upon tho management. At about ton: o'clock the gcnoral view from the stage, looking into tho body of tho hall was very animated. All kinds of characters were -re- presented, somo of which could be easily recognised, while others were certainly difficult to bo made ont. However, tbe little i ones thoroughly enjoyed themselves uutil tfiey were entirely worn out with satiety, and indeed we. will venture to say, vory faw of them cared to rise at their, usual hour this morning. S| A telegram received from-Brisbane yester day by a firm iu Mackay, states -.that ; maizo is qaoted at- 2s. Gd. per bushel, aud that Supplies of this produce are not at 'present coming in. From this intelligence we may assume that tho artiolo in Brisbano is likely for a timo:to rise iu prioo. A DANaEROtra Encounter. — One day last woek a Chiua boy named Ah Chow in the em ploy of Mr. McOaroy of- the Annan River hail ocqasion to got out on . some errand on tho selection, and was passing along tho baach at tho back of Moiiut Cook, accompanied by two dogs, ono boing a large kangaroo dog, and after a littla time they started a very large wild boar which fiercely. attackod them, the dogs making back towards tho China boy — ^ and as soon as it saw him it mado'a rush for the spot. The boy took to his hcols and made some lull running for a short distance, whon the hoar overtoolc him and made a grasp at the hoy's arm, tearing the shirt to pioccs and leaving the mark of his tooth ou tho arm, it then made a catoh at tho calf of ono of his. legs, sending tho tenth right through tho calf, nndilirowing the hoy to the grounu, anil was ahout to make his breakfast from the. coles rial's body, and no doubt would liavo sue ceoijud to Its satisfaction, had not tho dogs coma to tlio rosouo and oommeneud to tenr away at tho legs of tho hmto which aausod it to leave: tho bov and oormnouae a fight with its assailants who fought woll for a timo, hut tlio hour at last managed to seouro tho dpg (the kangaroo) hy tho hack and ran with it for some distance, uutil tho part hold hy tho hoar give way entirely, when thu dogs sucouodod in making their esoapu. When the snvago brute left the liny to tnaUa at the dogs he got up. aud rati us* best, ho could aftor thu injuries he hud received, to tho nearest troo, and raised himself out of the roaoh of ilia monster, and wiriioshud tlie (iglit botwuou it and the dogs until the separation took placo, when the boar madpoiT tohislair .to rest himself after the unusual uxortlous bo had been put to. There is no qaestionitbis China boy's life would have been destroyed^ but for the conrageldis played by the dogs that accompanied', him at 'the time. Some steps should be taken at once to destroy so ferocious an ahimal'.as this^boar appears to be in sucli close proximity fn^he town as it aeeqas to frequent. ; % Here is a chance for some of our ardent iand valiant sportsman to distinguish themselves,. and they are invited most cordially to try their prowess, we trust to hear soon of the deatfy of this brute. — Cooktown Herald. The P. D. Times of the 14th inst., says: — A telegram was received this week by Mr. Miller from Mr. Macartney to the effect that it was intended to remove the native police from Bloomsbary. Mr. Macartney naturally feels rather interested in the future movements of the native police in his district, as the blacks have for some time past been in the habit of displaying anything but a friendly feeling towards his cattle, and on receipt of the news of this contemplated removal of the police, Mr. Macartney wired to Mr. Miller requesting him to write to Mr. Beor on the subject. At the meeting of the Bowen District Committee held on Wednesday last Mr. Macartney's telegram was brought forward, and it was decided to at once wire to the Commissioner of Police on the subject. This was done and the following reply was received on Thursday morning from the Commissioner, "Re BIoomsbury, yes ; but will still remain in the district". This assur ance on the part of the authorities will no doubt be comforting to Mr. Macartney, and also to Mr. Townshend, of Inkerman, who complains that the blacks cause great annoy ance and loss by driving the cattle, which not being allowed to feed in peace are of course unable to get fat, and consequently are of little use for the boiling down pots. It cannot be said that we are over-policed, for the district is an immense one, too large for one officer to efficiently patrol; however, as retrenchment is the order of the day, we must be satisfied that the N.M.P. are not to be altogether with drawn, as their services areas urgently needed here, as in what are termed the unsettled districts. S.S. Coeea.— This favorite Northern trader has bad a thorough renovation, and been placed on a footing of equality with the several steamers plying to this port. Tbe saloon has been extended andelegantly fitted, and several new and commodious cabins have been added. Two bath-rooms contribute to the comfort of passengers, while , a speciality has beeu in troduced in the ladies' saloon, rendering everything light, cool and roomy. Wo con gratofcte Captain Lowrie oq tbe great changes effected in his fine boat, and! wish him success in hi3 voyages. — Cooktown Courier. * Mr-R.'H. D.« White's Good Fortune.— Our (Toowoomba Chronicle's) Melbourne tele gram this morning communicates tbe informa tion that tho great lawsuit of White v. Hoddle, which affected property in Melbourne to the value of a quarter o£ a million sterling, has been settled by the plaintiff taking half the property/ in Elizabeth-street and £48,000 in cash. Mr. R. H. D. White is a son of Mr. J. C: White, of- this town, and was Formerly manager of the Bank^of New South Wales in Toowoomba.' His many friends will, wb are certain, be glad to hear of the success of his suit, and of. the large fortune which has thus been awarded to him. 1 . Accidents. — A few.accidents occurred at the races, one or two of them rather serious. Miss Craven, eldest daughter of Mr. Craven, of this town, had her right arm fractured, and also dislocated at the shoulder, through a fall from a buggy. Mr. Joseph Holt, of Banchory, also mot: with a serious accident, resulting in either the fracture oFabone, or the dislocation nf fch#» bm.ininfc. for renorfc has ife hnfch wav.n Medical aid was immediately procured, and both sufferers are doing well. — P. D. Tele gram, -August 13th. A' Very Rare Geil — The Prussian capital, it appears, hasTong contained a jewel of quite fabulous :value, although the news' of its exi8teuceiwas first made known to the general public hyithe reports of the last session of the Polytechnic Society. This noble stono is a sapphire, iand is the property of one of the members of that learned body. It weights 44 124 loth' — a little more than six ounces. The juryj of the . Polytechnio Society have settled its'? value at the frightful snro of 64,000,000 marks, or £3,200, 000- of Euglish money. It need hardly bo said that such a treasure is :not very likely to find a purchaser at such a price. It is contended by some of the adepts that the stone is not perfectly pure ; but it can never by bo far lowered as to \- tempt the. richest and most eccentrio collector in tne world to give anything like tho sum which must be asked for it. *A very important lawsuit connected with certain dummied lands will shortly come be^ fore the Supremo Court, at Brisbane. A dummy, in whose name somo 4,000 acres were selected on tho Darling Downs, and in whose name the Crown grant has been issued,, not only refuses to transfer to those who 'employed him, but baa actually sold his right, title, and interest in the/selection to another for valu able consideration — report Bays something Iiko £7,000. A formal application was made to a Brisbane solicitor for the deed of the 4,000 acres by tho gentleman who has pur chased tbe selection, but he declined to sur render j tbera.- Legal proceedings wero im mediately instituted for the recovery, of the; deed, and- tbe leading .members of the Bar retained.- Itls stated that should the case bo fully investigated in . the law courts, some extraordinary disclosures will be mado regard ing dummying.— Toowoomla Chronicle. To those who are subject to the ravages of Ants the following excerpt from tho Times .will proye interesting. A valued occasional correspondent is of opinion that the Atta Cephalotes is not unknown in Queensland: — . In* tho State: of Colombia thoro is a largo aut ( Atta cephalotes) .which causes a great deal of injury to plantations. It attacks and carries off indiscriminately all kinds of foliage, and no sort of vegotation scorns to come amiss to it. The quantity of foliage carried off by these ants is; immense; in quality it may bo bitter, sweet, pungent, tender, or tough. Her Britannic Majesty's Acting Consul at MedoUin, United States of Columbia, was led to mark carefully the uses to which tho auts put this mass of vegetable matter which they convey to 'their nests, and ho ascertained that they employ it . to .make hotbeds, iipon which their eggs are deposited to bo hatonod by tbe heat produced by tbo fermentation of tho .loaves. , Tbo auts ao not eat these por tions for food, and tho larvae are fed. upon a carefully selected diet. Once the brood is hatched, tho : ants clear away the hotbed, carrying out of their neat all tho decomposed vegotablo matter. This is thrown out in heaps apart, and in the ]argo ant-hills these heaps will contain: boshms and upwards; Many efforts have beon mado to oxtorminato theso ants, at least in the vicinity of farms or pardons; but whore the nosta occur in plant ngs or in uncultivated grounds all attempts havo failod. Our Consul, Mr. R. B. Whito, however, behoves that ho has discovered, an uflloaoioas remedy, and it' was .shown to him hy a negro. When a plantation or garden is nttnokod, .all one Has to do is to procure a ! quantity of the debris from thu hothoda thrown out of an ant-hill entiroly unconneotod with that from/which, the, invading ants prooood. : Scatter this around tho beds and on tho ant roads, and the offuot is marvollous. . Tho ants soain suized with a pauio; thoy drop th'oir burdens instantlyi tne word seoras paasod along tho roads, and empty-handed tho wholo of tho Invading army hurrius off to its own nest They will hot return to tho same plauo for manycilays, and evon wheu they .do tliey avoid all spots iu whioh trnocs of this, to tliuiu, offensive matter rumaina. Tho small est quantity will suffico, and n bushel will do fond aores of groujuL Air. Whito, in a letter to tho accrotnry of tho Zoological .Society of I/mdon, which is published iu full iu this society's proceedings, ' declares that he has «uen thin plan tried repeatedly, ami it has never, failod. Tho lwggost army of ants — pioneers, engineers, directors-general, And all — is uttorly disuomfited hy this very simple means of defence; This plan is uot generally known, even in tho State of Antioquia (wboro * | ?' ' these auts abound)^ and be thinks [tFat. oar i colomsts'might profitably be made acquainted ? with it.H; - ? j - : .-j ? ?-. V- ?* ; j Hop -War Co. 's Plantation. — In company I with. T H. Fitzgerald, Esq., the pioneerplanter J of the Mackay district, who is; atj present occupied! in forming an extensive sugar settle ment on the .Icihnstone River,1 we paid a visit to the plantation last week. jTwo handsome, houses are in course of erection for the accom modation of the rcsidonts 'partners.. Near these houses, and on the other side of the road where the original residence is, a large acreage' is planted with maize, -potatoes,' sugarcane, and cotton We do not think the soil jnst there to be the right thing 'for sugar cultivation, being too wet, but we were agreeably surprised at tbe size' atid healthy state of the plants. The manager calculates that he will have 'over one! hundred acres of cane readyfor crashing in the 1S31 season. The potatoes (English) and maize look very well. A large area of cotton can be seen from. the. road,-, and the plants look very well, especially on tho. scrub land bordering Clarke's Creek. On the west side of the road many acres 5of scrub are partially, cleared for cotton planting. The manager intends to plant sugar in'this land in the coarse. of a few years when tfiifdead wood rots out, and from the quality of this soil/ we ' predicate first class crops. The; forest country on this side rif tho road is now being cleared and grubbed, and will be ploughed at an early date; A substantial three-raHi:fence is' being erected on both sides of:th& road. * -ve can * see a largo, amount of capital and energy has been brought to bear by our Chinese neighbors .in -this undertaking, and although we tbink it a pity that they did not confine their operations to: the rich scrub land and leave the forest for grass paddocks, wo can see as -they get a little more experience of tbe adaptability of different. classes of Jand to different crops, they will make their sugar plantation a great success. — Cairns Chronicle. Itbm3 frost the Mulorave.— The -blacks seem to be vexed by Mr. Cart's visit, as they took the opportunity the day aftet the troop ers loft of killing ono of Mr. Gordon's horsw — Tho Cairns Co-operative Company's shaft will be down 80 ft. by Saturday night. Good stone is now met with. — A drive is be ing raaae trora ,tno Alice boeven shaft out to the face of the hill, alongside of. the rceL — Very fine specimens of atone from the claims on Grant's line have been shewn in town.— Mr. Mowbray had not arrived at the Upp^r Mnlgrave Camp on -Monday last, nor had ho made his appearance at GoldBhorough by the Tinaroo track.— Contracts for the farther im provements of the road between Goldsborough and the Upper Camp are being called for by the Mulgrave aCommittee of the Cairns Road Board. — Uhr and Leech expected to have their contract between Goldsborough and the Fishr eries finished by Saturday night. The job seems, well done, and the earner of the Golds borough Quarter Crushing Company's plant will havo no great dfficulties to overcome. — '' Ibid. Expobt of Live Stock From Amebtca.— ' ^Broaabmn,' writing last mail from New York to the T. D. Times, says: — Very few outside of those engaged in business realise our tre mendous shipments of live cattle. On Wednes day tbo ^lflth of May, 3280 on the hoof were shipped, also several thousand sheep horses and : hogs, an immense amount of beef, mutton and - pork, and orders were sent West in addition to the regular supply of the week. In tho' faco of such evidences of prosperity ' it is difficult to reconcile tbe paradox of hard times, and yet iu this great city there is terriblo suffering, chapters of which conio to light evory da}', where people died of want and starvation, three during tbe week taking their-own lives to end their misery; 