ENTERTAINMENT* I I THE THEATRES, &c.; " Pinafore," at the Bijiou on Saturday night, is the theatrical event people are talking about. There ia no novelty in " Pina fore" itself, seeing that this is the fourth production of it, the first being at the Academy, the second at St. George's Hall, the third at the Theatre Royal, and this fourth, as already said, at the Bijou. But having seen the opera with Mrs. Lingard as the principal attraction, frith Miss Docy Stewart as the prominent feature, and with Mrs. Williamson as the variation, we now have it played by children. At the latest, or at any rate at recent dates, there were, in the United States, twelve juvenile "Pinafore" companies, so that it was nothing unreason able if we shonld endeavour to see and hear Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan's work in minia ture in Melbourne. The experiment of a child " Pinafore" iB due to the singular energy, perseverance, and practised intelli gence of Mrs. Lewis. For among her many good gifts, she has a remarkable aptitnde for developing the natural talents of children, of which we have had several proofs on severa previous occasions. Considering that for some weeks past, she has been playing diffi cult parts, in support of Mr. Creswick, some ot them for the" first time in her life, one cannot but be impressed with the extraordi nary physical power she most possess in order to enable her to go through the actual work required in the several duties of acting, managing, and specially training. Even if she had failed to bring these little people up to the required standard of pro ficiency, there would have been small wonder and no blame. But the simple fact is that she has drilled them into a condition of ex cellence that cannot well be described as other than perfection. It has been the boast of some great generals, that they were always able to discover latent ability in their subor dinate officers, and if Mrs. Lewis had been d soldier in high command, she would, in all probability, have discovered this faculty. For she seems to have found out exactly the children who would rise to the occasion required in the infantine " Pinafore," so that her efforts in the direction of cultivation have been followed by success. If you like, you mi\y revive the old objec tions against employing children oh' the stage. Some of these objections are doubtless valid enough, and there can be no doubt that, in particular instances, there have3 been abuses in connexion with child performances. But, after all, then is just as much to be said in favourof child performances as against them. In this instance there is tu> com pulsion. Itis not as if thefatherofa family forced into unwilling compliance with ids mercenary wishes, the children whomhe beat, and twisted, and bent into unnatural clever ness. Here we have a,bright, kind, food*' tempered woman, engaged in » men/ game afder sometime, teaching ^wn^to^j^ay the; game as'sjtnfulljr and as thoroygnly.aB theif d^ers-and, indeed, a $66d desl bette* than many of them wuld play it And ^e^tainly. after eeeingt this performanoe ofi /'jPinafor#" on. <Saturdaynigfat,.»o candid person would be able to say other than that the children enjeyed funW much SB the audience did. And as it all over by aquarter past 10, ««>- " were not kept out of later than ordinary. la onf7*ery much difference wan probably in about an earlier retirement J^^ n?®n8 to Bay, in the case of Master DrilLn *8 played Dick Dead-eye. ^who man is understood to engaged in a line of buaineas.i^f*11,81' ?; to an early retirement tobS Miss Graupner, who has made th^* ^ profession, has, no doSt taLS**"" accustomed to late hour*jJSSSjS* not appear to have operated ininriJLi 0 her health, it iB not easy to find a fwdrr^0 why her talents should not be dEl?" the direction they are taW Z> P6d 10 cleverness, and something more thauXt ness. It is, perhaps, two years Zfl she was firet spoken of as an actress s£ b a melodrama at the Theatre Royal, and caused in the minds 0f the audience a feeling of delightful perE, at the wonderful naturalness she showrf Since then she has played several other parte and alwayB in a manner to confirm theim pression she first created. For her acting far removed from mere infantine forwardT* or the mechanical accuracy resulting from diligent parrot-teaching. Whatever mw S her future, it ib certain that, at this pre^ut she posseBses an intuition as rate as it is com* plete. She appears to get at the esaentials" of what she has to do. Your first impulse is to laugh with a sense of titillating enjoyment at the delicious absurdity of this exquisite abbreviation; bnt your next impulse is to wonder, and to go on wondering, how she does it, until at last you accept it as the most natural and likely thing in the world that the character of Josephine should be represented on a reduced scale. You seem as if you were dreaming, in which proportion and consistency are not regarded; so that it is extremely likely, after you have Been Miss Graupner several times as Josephine, your notion of fitness would be disturbed if you saw it played by a full-grown woman. But besides Miss Graupner's very remarkable aptitude in respect of acting requirements, she sings with a power and a correctness which are nothing less than startling in one bo young; for her age cannot be more than 10 at the outside. And her knowledge of what we understand by stage business is un surpassable. In this particular she ia never at fault, and her bye-play is fittingly ac cordant. Moreover she manages her train with a grace that reminds you of Mrs. Lingard; and her humour prompts yonr memory in the same direction. Miss Amy Brooks, appropriately enough ia the bills set downaB "Tiny Amy Brooks," who plays Sir Joseph Porter, is apparently several years younger than Miss Graupner, but, in respect of self-possession, she is not a hair-breadth behind her. For clearness and deliberateness of utterance, she could not possibly be excelled. Nine-tenths of all the actors and actresses on the Australian stage might take a profitable lesson from her in this particular. When she is far back up the stage, you can hear every word and re. cognise every inflection of her voice. Her singing voice is astonishingly powerful and sweet withal, and her gravity in giving effect to the pomposity of the First Lord, is of the most sublimely absurd kind. She walks with the dignified precision of a Lord Chan cellor, and delivers her sentences with the solemnity of an oracle. And throngh all this BeriousneBs there peep nevertheless odd glimpses of humour, which show that the little creature iB, all the time, sensible of the grotesqueness of the design. She laughs high np her sleeve, but there is never the smallest ripple of laughter on her pretty face. About a week ago she broke her right arm, which she has to carry in splints, and, in some odd way, Bbe makes this accident help the effect of the official dignity. Mention has already been made of Master Driscoll and his manner of representing Dead Eye. Here we have evidently a born humourist, whose specialty to of the Pock order. He is never at rest, and he discovers unceasing opportunities of throwing out the coruscations of his fun in all directions, by no means confining himself to the limits marked out for him. He Bings very well, an he has obviously had Buch practice with his speaking voice, that he gets, every now an then, quite unexpected effects. He put him self on good terms with the audience 8 moment he came upon the stage. In MiBB Mattie Taylor as Little Buttercup there is an example of confidence in excess. The young lady is evidently an «Penen(®® hand at etagework, and Bhe lets yo « very unmistakably, that she desires yon acknowledge her superiority to all the ' She thereby, no doubt, derives an a v very acceptable to "herself, but 1 ^ th«rebr topmed. Tto S "to lingl. i" 4""" "" provement, wit hw m iih""""" with the business. . { tj,e Master Cornelius time and Ralph RackBtraw, This practice to get over his bashfalness. Xtua f^oo^plkhed, he will both not and aiag natter.TSJs voice & ptue bofh ia quality «mi tpne. and has peea carefoHr cultivated, so that, Vfhile you wiish heiuuia Jittle more of elan in his manner, you canbot but be pleased with ltis modesty and refinement Master Lewis ^ htm played &e; Captain, bnt ss hfsvoioeiailed hi® at tbe uoment jrhen bo jaost needed# there was tpf ip but for wmbodyetee to lake the part ; jp it '^K^uu^e] lfi* lewis, or to the *ob* *Wfutefortier «ob.<\- Th»t sW ialfilled *11 the ? befaattbekJuukota frtnaitozrf eoww> ' Of ihpi^prp/n^aaati^tjD^Jherefpre lenfr of tbe eoBr j pan/, particular mam J# && && of -^-h0-^Sir Joseph's Coxswain-a ^^.nSvlous representations-danced ? P^ with such a rare grace, that she »everything that is delicate ' jetoDe i Tbywayof illustratingherdainti Hebe was nattily sustained sfM- fnnieMao. Master Graupner made understood as the boatswain, 1^1 Harrison, a very small person and J"88". " 0id face, set one laughing ^ uimea with his midshipmite. (5T«#i ^ e 0f ft remarkable homo IhetTtd set an example of col P^L, which some adult choristers »7(SS?» ""I t there waa much BPPIftU8e« and that walls were frequent and the nosegays ^ r\L matters of course. The common .L was unanimous that the experiment (iuvenile "Pinafore" was quite sue fa] 80 that there is not likely to be any I Juff at the Bijou for Bom® Weoka 60 c°5: week'a doings at the other theatres Jrbe shortly stated. "The Irish Detec . ."has sufficed at the Royal, but to-night ifia to giro Place 40 Mr> Reevre'fl aw Play .{"For Life." ... At the People s, there has been some change in the programme and in the company, the latter having been lessened by de leaving of Mr. Read, and increased by tie accession of Mr. Hawkins. In the very broad and boisterous farce of " Casey the piper" the sole source of interest is the Irish dialects severally of Mr. Rickey and Mr. jl'Carthy. These, of their kind.areperfect. But tie piece itself is too full of horse-play to be ?lining. Mr. Bent's lecture on temperance jg a very poor, bald piece of humour, and tot at all worthy of Mr. Bent. Mr. Le Clair's ? Special Songs of the Period" are only a very oopleasant kind of Bcreaming, with not a note of music nor a spark of fun to make them acceptable. The " doable songs and canceB" of Mies Loftus and Miss Esmond are very pretty and quaintly graceful, and the dresses are attractively out of the ordi nary conventional style. Messrs. Sarony, Waters, and Kelly, in their Quaker and Giraffe dances, are good of their kind, bat the ptrformance is old and worn to weariness. The same remark will apply to the well-used nigger farce of " The Wig-Makers," which requires all Messrs. Campbell, Brown, and Mand's efforts to make it amnmng, The sketchy burlesque of "Maritana," which concludes the entertainment, has little to recommend it as a burlesque, but as it togs onfc the good voices of the company in Wallace's always pleasant music, it is worth listening to. It will be seen, therefore, that this very capable company lack novelty. Professor Pepper, at St. George's Hall, is reviving his ghosts, and you know that he both invented ghosts, and can at any time raise them with more spectral completeness than anybody in the world. 