Mr. Bowen's House-Warming. [From Chambers's Journal.] CONTINUED. Yes, Hie Bowen's were going to act " Hamlet." Mr. Bowen, senior, who had been an ironmonger, and was now a gentleman, had from his earliest youth been impressed with the idea that he was gifted with histrionic powers of no common order. As iron had been the business, theatricals ha,d been the plea- j sure of his life ; not that he had ever as j yet appeared upon any boards, but he Lad been diligently educating himself for an occasion of the kind by a constant attendance at the theatre, by an. earnest study of plays in general, and of Sliakspcare's in particular, aud by carefully cultivating the acquaintance of all the members of the profession that lie bad had the good- fortune to meet. That day was a white day in the annals of the Bowens, when Stalker, the great tragedian, took an early dinner with them before proceeding to rehearsal. Stalker's great characters were the Ghost in" Hamlet,"and the Dukein"Othelio." Long dwelt that evening in the memory of the Bowens, when Scorley, the comedian, supped with them after the performance ; -Scorley, the pet and pride of the London theatres—on the Surrey side of the river. Many people would tell you that a man with propensities of this kind would never succeed in life as an ironmonger, but this would be a mistake. Mr. .Bowen never allowed his pleasures to interfere with his business, and he had succeeded so well, tliat at the age of fifty he was able to retire with a large fortune, an extensive library of dramatic works, and a profound conviction, the ^result of long study, that the character of Laestes had never as yet been donegustice lo, and, till he undertook it, never would be. After his retirement, Mr. Bowen went through the usual stages in tlie opinion of the local society; the ironmonger disolved into the retired tradesman ; the retired tradesman into the person with property ; and •when he took the large house in Morleystreet, he was considered- fairly to have earned the title of gentleman, aud was visited accordingly. . Thisfaouse in Morley-street Mr. Bowen had not taken without an eye to its suitableness for an amateur theatre. From the frontdoor, you passed through a lobby into a large hall that occupied a great part of the front of the house: at one end of this hall was a breakfasts room; at the other, a dining-room. Opposite the door of the lobby was the door that opened into the servants' part of the house; and answering to this, at the other end. of the hall, was the door by which you gained the staircase that led to the drawing-room " Now" thought Mr. Bowen, as he surveyed this hall previous to taking die Jhouse, " how will this do for a theatre ? 'Gut the hall into two with your curtain. •Well! Make the front door end your -stage, and you hare the breakfast-room •for your green-room. Weill The . other half is for your audience, with tl\e -dining-room for supper-room. Excellent! I'll take the house," said Mr. Bowen. The only objection to this arrangement -was, that any one entering the house -from the front door must come upon the • stage; but as between the door and the • hall there was the lobby, where a servant •could be stationed, this did not so much .-matter. Of course, Mr. Bowen's first thought, -when they were comfortably settled in the house, was a h«use-warming. This -suggestion was eagerly caught at by •Stanley Bowen, the eldest son, who inherited his father's theatrical tastes, and was possessed of a voice so powerful, that at college it had gained for him the nickname of Bowen-erges. " Honse-warming by all means," said Stanley; "land let's celebrate it with private theatricals; " My idea exactly," cried Mr. Bowen, rising solemnly ; " and I'll be Laertes." So the Bowen's were going to act " Hamlet." It was impossible to pass the house without seeing that something was -wrong. You can always tell by the look of a house whether any one is dead, or has just been born, or is just going to be married ; and in the same way you can tell by the look of a house if private theatricals are impending. It was plain enough in this case, at any rate. Carpenters were constantly p-oinpin and out; through the windows, you could see that the hall was divided by a curtain; lamps were lighted in broad day-light; and the shutters of one of the hall windows were kept closed. A hatchment could not be plainer. Bat. if the house from the outside betrayed that there were going to be private theatricals, the moment yon set foot inside it, that fact, and. the additional fact of " Hamlet" being the play selected, became painfully clear. Through • the lobby-door, yoa hear a gentleman abusing his mother at the top of his voice, and using the most dreadful language to convey an idea of the very low opinion he has of his nncle. K * A murderer and a villain !'" cries Mr. Stanley Bowen, " * a slave, that is not twentieth part the size of your precedent lord.'" "* Tytlie,' 4 tythe'—not « size,'" says Tom Bowen, the prompter, and the company laugh. " I wish you would not interrupt me, Tom,"says the manager severely. Stanley had been elected manager, because, hav- ing once acted at college, he was supposed to have some practical kuowledge of stage business. " But you said ' size,' instead of ' tythe,'" replies Tom mildly. ' Well, could you not tell uie of it afterwards ? How is a fellow ever to get well into a part, if he's to be checked and pulled up every minute about paltry mistakes of that kind ? : Where was I? What's the cue?"—i in a voice of thunder—" Can't you give me the cue ?" • " Precedent lord," says Tom. " ' Of your precedent lord,'" continues Hamlet; a vice of kings; a cut-throat of the empire, and the rule that from a shelf the precious ' " ' It isn't < cufc-tluoat,' is it, Tom ?" asks the Queen. " No; it's ' cut-purse,' " replies Tom. " Then, why don't you tell me so ?" says Boweiierges furiously. " You told me not to interrupt you," answers Tom. ' Wtiat are you standing there with the book in your hand for?" demands the manager, with an awful effectation of calmness. " To prompt, of course," says Tom ; but " " Then why don't you prompt ?" yells Bowenerges. " Why don't I ? Because " "' A cut-purse of the empire and the rule,"' shouts Bowenerges, drowning the answer, "' that from a shelf the precious diadem stole, and put it in his pocket.' " Queen—No more.'" Hamlet — u ' A king of shreds and patches : — Save me, aud- ' Hang me!" says the manager, abruptly deserting the text; " if that Ghost is not gone now. Where is he ?" ' Run aud tell him, will you ?" says Tom to one of the company ; " he's playing billiards with Johnson." " Of course, it was quite out of your power to send for him before," says 8tauley with a sneer. " It was too much to expect of you, that, of course." : t Hang it," says Tom, " a fellow cant do everything. Some one else ought to " " How on earth, Jones," says the manager angrily to the Ghost, who comes runuiug in—utterly unlike a Ghost in everything, except in being quite out of breath—" how on earth can we rehearse properly, if you keep running away aud playing the fool iu this idotic manner ? If I'd known you were going to treat us like this, I'd have given the part to some one else." " You'd better give it to some one else now," retorts Jones. " I'm not particularly anxious " " ' Do you not come,' " says Bowen, striking iu, to prevent the end of the sentence — "' Do you not come your tardy son to chide ?'" "" No, by Jove 1" says Jones promptly ; " I think it's quite the other way." " As it is impossible that the piece can ever go off well," says Stauley, after a pause, in order to enable him to command his feelings, " considering the state of mind of some of the actors, my advice is to give it up at once." " All right," says Jones, with an air of assumed carelessness. "I second the motion. Let's give it up, by all means." • ( To be continued in our next.) 