COLONIAL NEWS. By the s. s. Flinders, which arrived yesterday, we received three days later f intercolonial files from which we extract the following items - NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, June 8 In the Assmbly Mr Cameron moved a 1 resolution that the Government should bring in a bill to stop Chinese. immigra tion, but withdrew it on a statement being made by the Premier that he was in com munication with the Governments of the other colonies with the view of taking joint to restrict Chinese immigration. Trickett leaves for England on Thurs day overland to catch the Orient at, Mel bourne. The Tumut police last night arrested a man on suspician of being Joseph Byrnes, the bushranger. They have watched him a long time. Collins, a Tumut blacksmith, t knew Byrnes when he was a groom in a Victoria, and brought .horses frequently for shoeing. Collins pointed him out t amid a group in the Royal Hotel billiard room, and says if it is not Byrnes it must be his ghost. The prisoner is remanded for further identification. June 9. A public meeting was held at Newcastle c this evening to protest against the further 1 influx of Chinese into the colony. Reso- t lutions were carried that their presence- a politically, morally, and socially-was an evil in the community, and the meeting pledged itself to support at the next elec- c tion only those candidates who will pro- t mise to support a measure prohibiting 1 Chinese immigration. An influential committee was formed to carry the reso- 1 lutions into effect. The strike at Hartley Vale is satisfac torily concluded, and the men have re- 1 sumed work. The Wotonga cleared the Heads yester day evening for Melbourne. When off Botany, at half-past 7, the vessel plunged heavily, and shipped an immense quantity of water forward, and also aft, at the same moment. The racing of the engines indicated that something was wrong with the propeller. The vessel was towed back to port, and this morning an ex amination proved that all the blades of her propeller were gone. The cargo is being discharged into the Alexandra. The man supposed to be Byrne, the bushranger, was brought up at the Tumut Police Court to-day. He turned out to be Joseph M'Iver, a native of M'Ivor, Victoria, but bears a remarkable resem-, bla'nce to Byrne. The prisoner ivas dis charged. June 10: Mr Burns, late Postmaster-General, and chairman of the select committee on immigration, stated in the Assembly to day that evidence showed that the coldly had gained a large accession of population from the other colonies during the last I two years, particularly from Victoria, and that 'mechanics had more competition to fear from voluntary than from assisted f inimigration. He expressed an opinion c in favour of well-selected immigration, t but condemned the selection of immigrants t n London by persons who had never been e in any part of Australia. Sir H. Parkes stated that the Government would at once c alter the London arrangements. The steamer Australia, from Sydney to Grafton, when off Newcastle on Wednes. day, shipped a heavy sea, carrying away her stern boat, port lifeboat, and causing other damage: The cargo shifted, and the vessel was thrown on her beam ends. t The second engineer was thrown among c the machinerjy and badly injured. The vessel reached Grafton safely. -Mr. G. C. Davis, barrister-at-law, has been appointed a commissioner to invest igate the charges preferred against Judge Meymott. D. J. Newton, formerly a solicitor practising at Lithgow, but now undergoing 5 a sentence of two years for forgery, was commited for trial to-day for forging the t, signature of Mr. Justice Windeyer to a document purporting to be an order for a dissolution of marriage. NEwcASTLE, June 8. The result of the coal-miners' ballot in l the Hunter district has created surprise, 1 as it was fully expected at Newcastle a that the miners would have accepted the c scheme. June 10. A general feeling of satisfaction and re lief prevailed throughout the city upon the news becoming known that a settle ment of the strike had at last been effected, and that the men were going to work on Monday at the various colleries, with coal at the selling price of 10s per ton. Since then a report has come in from Wallsend that the miners of that district and the co-operatives, who voted almost unanimously against accepting the former proposal, have again displayed a strong feeling against the present arrangement, I and steadfastly refuse to sanction the terms unless they receive 4s for 10s selling price. This change in the complexion of affairs, when everything appeared settled, has caused a strong feeling of resentment in the public mind against the miners Later. The A. A. Company's men decided this afternoon almost unanimously to accept the masters' offer and return to their em ployment, tools to be placed in the pit on Monday, and work to be resumed on Tuesday morming. Great satisfaction prevails in Hamilton at this decision, and the company commenced booking orders at 10s per ton. The chance hands will still be kept on, but little doubt is enter tained that they will soon commence to leave on their own account, when once the regular hands get below amongst them. At Minmi and Ferndale the miners have accepted Mr Lloyd's compromise, and will commence work on Monday, but the Wallsond and Co - operative held an amalgamated meeting to-day, and decided to go to work upon the Iterms of the old sliding scale of 4s for a 10s rate. But it is not likely the masters will agree to this, and every other coliery in the district may fairly be said to be agaiest these two mines in their demand, and their opposi tion is not now viewed in a very serious light. 