JUST AS I AM By tub Author op "Lady Audlet's Secret, "Trees at the Flood," "A Stranoe World," "Dead Hex's Shoes," " Weayees asd Wept," to., Ac. Chapter XXXYI.-Tms Mas called Txsker. Tho timo which Jano Barnard had appointed in her own mind for her return to America had comeand gone, and sho was still rationtly drudg ing on in Mrs. Jcbb's service, and was not ono step Bearer the end which sho had set before heroelf. tn.. „«,» fn l.rr lmshand bv everv mail, and sho wrote much moro hopefully than sho felt, lest ho should lose patience and insist upon her imme diate return. Her residence under Mr. Jcbb's roof had been so far barren of all result. The surgeon talked a great deal, and talked as freely before the American nurse as if she had been deaf and dumb; but there was no more substanco in his talk by the domes tic hejji'th than there had been in the coffee roam »ttha;Pcacock. He had the air of knowing a great deal— of being able to unfold a terrible tale —were ho inclined to do so, but his insinuations never carao to a point. All his suggestions of a secret ended in nods and shrugs and lifted eyebrows and smothered sighs, which, as Mr. Tomplin said, might mean anything or nothing. Mrs. Barnard w.as honestly fond of children, nnd she had attached herself to the youthful Jebhs, although they were by no moans perfect speci mens of juvenilo humanity ; yet us tbo weeks and months dragged on sho 'began to weary of her exile, her service in a stranger's house, and began to yearn for the sight of hor own children. Sho had made up her mind to lcavo England before tho end of May. Sho would obtain leave to see- the prisonor at Portland before starting, knowing but too well that this farewell inter view would be verily tho last, and that she would never see the poor old erring father again, and then sho would go to her happy homo on tho otborside of tho widosca, and confess that sho had failed in her mission. If in tho days to come tho story of her father's crimoand punishment should be mado a reproach against her' children, they must boar their burden as sho had borno here. Every life must have its shadow as woll as1 its sunshine ; and if this were a darker shadow than falls upon most lives, it must bo endured with patience and resignation. Jano Barnard toldhcr- solf that sho could do no more. Sho had fixed tho day of hor departure, and had given duo notice to Mrs. Jebb, who piteously bewailed tho loss of ono of tho few good servants sho had over been blessed with : and now there remained but a week of hor bondage in a strange land, and sbo was full of tbo thought of tho bus- band nnd children at home, and tho delight of seeing those dear facos aff.orhalf ayear's absence. Domestic lifo at tho Homestead bad been un usually smooth dnring Jano ltarnard'3 period of 6ervico. Polly, tho cook, was a good- natured, flighty, gossiping girl, who did nil her work iu tremendous spurts, and idled prodigiously be tween whiles. With' this Polly Mrs. Jobb carried on a continual struggle, which, in s woman of sterner temper, would have been actual warfare, but which with mild Mrs. Jebb never rose above plaintivo remonstrance nnd tearful complaint. But with Jane Barnard Mrs. Jobb never complained, and Polly, tho cook, declared that Jano managed her mistress. Jane was energetic ana business-like, met all tho petty difficulties of a narrow domestic Bpberc with calm resolution and perfect temper, end brightened tho surgeon's homo by liorhopofu spirit and novor-ccasing industry. "It's very hard that when I get a servant who suits me so well sho should go to America, " sighed Mrs. Jebh. " And now I liavo to look shout mo again, and Austhorpe servants are so bad." Mrs. Jcbb's looking about consisted gonornlly In making hor wants known to the butcher and tho baker, and thon waiting till Providence should send hor some kind of servant, bad, good or indifferent, as the case might bo. But if Mrs. J'ebb had reasou to complain of tho shortcomings of female servants, Sbafto, for his part, declared that cooks and housemaids wore an gelic beings as compared with that pest of society, the out-door man. Ho was perpetually at war with tho man of all work, who looked after his horeo, cleaned carriage and harness, occasionally drovo a gig, and employed his leisure .hours in working in tho scrubby, untidy garden, given over for the most part togooseberry bushes and cabbage stalks, which were not iair to look upon, but which were ofj-so'tio uso in producing a nondescript vegetaJ-' -wn as "greens." This office in Mr. Jobb's housohold had been filled and refilled many times dnring the surgeon's carcor, and was apt to bo vacated suddenly with storm and tempest, the groom turning out either a hopeless drunkard or an incorrigible thief, or perchance a feohlo creature who had never touched a horso till he took tho situation, and for whom Mr. Jebb's too well worked screws manifested their contempt by nearly kicking him to death on bis first endeavor to valet thcin. Of late, however, Sir. Jobb, like his wife, had leeu bettor off iu this respeet. Tho man who had the care of hisstablcs know his work and did It well. Truo that he was generally in a maudlin state every night, aud that his appearance was gaunt and his private wardrobo was bettor adapted for a scarecrow than for a human being. He could shuffle on Sir. Jobb's livery coat aud thrust his thin legs into a pair of ancient ton hoots when required so to disguiso himself, and in this gear, handed on from groom to groom, ho had something of tho style and hearing of a well- trained servant. "God knows where the man came from, or what he has been doing all his life," said Sbafto, " but at some tiino or other ho must havo been in a gentleman's Service. He has the stamp upon him oven in his decay." No ono knew where Tinker came from. Tinker was tho narno by which ho insisted upon being known, yet everyone had a rooted idea that it was a feigned name. Charged .with want of candor on this subject, ho argued the question in this wiso. "Nineteen years ago there wore a boss called Tinker won tho Leger, wasn't there? " he de manded ; and the person addressed being usually moro or less ignorant, was apt to reply in the affirmative. ' " Very well, then," answered tho groom. " If Tinker was a good enough namo for him it ought to be good enough for mo, didn't it ?" whereupon no. one felt ablo to gainsay him, and as Tinker ho was generally accepted and received in that circle of society in which he was privileged to move. He was a sententious person, and had strong opinions upon Eomo subjects, but of liis own antecedents he said never a word. Ho had turned up in the stable yard of the Peacock ono market day, aud had there addressed himself to Mr. Jebb as that gentleman was watching the harnessing of his horso by somewhat unskilled hands. He had heard somehow that Mr. Jobb wanted a groom, and offered himself for the place. AS to character, well, no, "lie couldn't give an', he knew no ono in those parts. Mr. Jebb hesitated. Experience had taught him that a character with a servant is very much like a warranty with a horso, Inasmuch as both are worthless. He told the man to call upon him that evening, aud his last groom having been violently ejected the night before, leaving tho stable work on the surgeon's hands, ho took iho waif into his servico on trial. If yon don't suit you must go at tho end of the week," ho said, to which tho man. calling hlnjself Tinker agreed. Tinker did suit, and Tinker stayed. Ho was a man of curiously exclusive habits, spending all his leisure in a wretched shod next tho stable, which Mr. Jebb called Jiis harncssroom. Here, in company with his hoot3 and blacking brushes, a colony of empty bottles, pnd tho well worn harness, Tinker devoted his . even ings to tho perusal of any old newspaper which he could got hold of. He was not fond of company. When ho drank, ho drank in the re tirement of his own den, and needed not the charm of good company to give flavor to his liquog.TJie Three Sugar Loaves knew him not, Perha-a'eiio shrank from exhibiting his tattered raimenfin such a prosperous tavern. Perhaps bo was by nature and inclination a recluse. All went smoothly in tho stable. The horses were better groomed than they had boen since Mr. Jebb had owned them ; tlio harness was brighter, the general turn out more creditable ; and tho surgcou congratulated himself upon his own discrimination in having picked up such a (errant, and upon his own courage In' having taken him without a character,' when within a few days of Sirs. Barnard's intended departure Mr. Jebb made a discovers' which brought an appalling alteration in his footings, towards . Tinker. . . ,.! ublishcd l,y special arrangement with tho author All rights reserved. The wine cellar at tho Homestead was not a 6 tat cly -vault, nor was it stockod with a valuablo collection of cliolco wines ; hut poor and dilapi dated as tho cellar was, and small though its contents were, Mr. Jebb kept tho key of it- him self, and guarded its treasures with peculiar care. Ho had a good "supply of Bass, and a bin of Highclcro ale, bottled and laid down by himself. 5o had a dozen or so of port in case of illness, threo or four dozen of sherry to givo to his friends, and at tho end of tho cellar, in a little arched recess deep in tho old brickwork, he had a snug little stock of spirits, includ ing a dozon of a very particular Scotch whisky which had been sent him ss a present from a friend at Inverness. To mako tho security of this corner still more secure, Mr. Jebb had built up a barrier of beer in front of the shelf where tho whisky reposed, so that in the event of a burglarious intruder forcing his way into tho stable the famous Scotch whisky would escape that intruder's attention. With a self-denial that approached tho lioroic, Mr. Jebb had re solved to lot the mellowing influence of timo soften and improvo tho spirit before he converted it into toddy. " We'll J;cep it a year or two, my love," I10 told his wife. "I am not a whisky drinker, and I can afford to wait. It is a nice thing to know one has such good stuff in ono's col lar." One rainy afternoon in this last week of May, Mr. Jebb returned from his daily round amongst outlying bomcstoads and distant villages, soaked to tho skin, and with all tho symptoms of in fluenza. Ho ordered a fire in tho breakfast room, sat. in bis roomy armchair shivering, though wood and coals blazed merrily in tho big old- fashiuued grato. "I m chilled to tho bone," he explained, "and I don't think anything hut a jorum of hot spirits and water will warm me. Do you know, Emmie, my love, I've a deticod good mind to try that whisky." "Why shouldn't you, dear?" asked dutiful Mrs. Jebbj "I'm sure I would if I wero you. Nobody lias a better right to it. I'll ring for tho kettlo while you go to tho cellar." Mr. Jebb hesitated, and pulled his whiskers thoughtfully. "Iliad madp up my mind to keep that whisky two years, and I haven't hnd it moro than six months. It seems weak to break into tho dozen." "Not when it is a question of health, Sbafto. I'm sure a good tumbler of strong toddy will cure that shivering of yours. " " It isn't tho shivering only," said Jebb. " I fed such a depression — I should bo grateful to anybody who would blow my brains out." " Oh, pray get tho whisky, Shafto. It'sdread- ful to hear tho father of a family talk so wildly," cried Mrs. Jebb, alarmed. Her husband only wanted to bo persuaded. He sighed, snuffled a little, felt in his pocket for his key, aud wont to tho cellar. There were no nndergreuud cellars at the Homestead. The repository in which Shafto kept his wino was on a level with thodiningroom, kitchens, dairy, applcroom and various offices. This part of the old farmhouse was roomy enough for a retinue of servants. The cellar was low and narrow and dark, a kind of dark passage under a back staircaso. Shafto had provided himself with a lighted candle as he came along, and ho now pcxctratcd the sacred vault. Thoro was the neat wall of beer bottles, with their necks pointing outwards, a fortification in front of tho whisky. It was rather troublesome to havo to disturb thom before tho proper time, but Mr. Jobb felt that nothing less than toddy would subjugate an incipient influenza. lie moved threo or four of the bottles gingerly, and poercd into the dusky recess behind. " A blank, ray lord." Where tlio red seals of tho whisky bottles should havo gladdened his eyes, ha beheld only durknoss. He put in his hand and felt only emptiness. Then, with hands that were tremulous with liorror, he rapidly cleared out tho rango of beer bottles, and made himself master of the ruin behind. Seven of the twelve whisky bottles wore gone, and yet no burglar had invaded tho house, nor had tho key of the collar been out of Mr. Jcbb's possession. Ho stood with tho candle stick in his hand, staring into empty space, ut terly at a loss to account for tho disappearanco of his treasure. Had Mrs. Jobb a duplicate key to tho cellar, and a secret craving for ardont spirits ? No, ho could not so foully wrong the partner of his struggles as to suspect her of such infamy. Was this American nurse a traitor? Your confidential servant, a suparior person, is often.71 smdotli de ceiver. Chapter XXXVII. — I Must Bide Mr Time. Mr. Jobb put his hand into tho cavity whore tho seven bottles of whisky had been, and groped among tho sawdust and cobwebs, not with tho hope of making any discovery, but iu utter helplessness and bewilderment. Suddenly, aB his hand explored tho brickwork, n now and awful light flooded his raiud. Equr or five of tho bricks had keen loosened and removed, and put back again in their places. They yielded to - his touch. He pulled them out ono by one, and beheld a gap through which tho robber could easily have put liis hand and pullod out tho bottles. Tho wholo thing was clear; the theft had been but too easy. The cellar wall backed upon the stablo yard, and anybody in that yard could havo removed tho bricks. -It must have been a work of time; a work to bo done under cover of night and dark ness; for it had to bo so neatly done as to escape tho master's oyp. Who could have done this but the characterless groom, the waif, whoso soddened oppearauco. had impressed Mr. Jobb in tho first instance; but to which he had been will ingly blind when lie found that tbo man suited his purpose. Mr. Jebb had not a doubt as to Tinker's guilt. Ho rushed out of the cellar, locking the door hur riedly. Alas, what availfd lock or bolt wheu his wall had been violated. Ho hurried by the back door to tho stablo yard, heedless of thcrain which fell upon his uncovered head, nnd unearthed Tinker in his shed among the empty bottles, har ness ,iad boots. Tho man smelt of whisky. Yes, the wretch recked with the evidence of his crime. IIo had taken advanlago of a wet afternoon to lcavo his harness unelcaned. Ho sat nodding ovora news paper, with an empty mug beside him ; and mug and man alike sent forth tho odor of choicest Glenlivat. " You villain," cried Shafto, "what have: you done with those seven bottles of whisky ? You thief, you artful undermining vagabond.- Get out of my place— begono— or I'd givo you in charge for burglary. By heavens, I'll do it, if I were not ashamed of my own folly in harboring such a scoundrel." Tinker at first denied his guilt; then grow sul len, grumbled an oath or two, collected his few rags iu a bundle, and walked out of the yard, Mr. Jobb escorting .hiifl. But on the threshold ho stopped, snapped his fingers at his lata employer, and exclaimed — "Do you think I want your beggarly place ? I can get a better iu an hour if I like to ask for it. Sir Evcrard Coiirlenay will take me, I'll warrant. Ho wouldn't dare to refuse, knowing what I know." The man was tolerably far gone in whisky drunk enough to be reckless, sober enough to know what he was saying. Upon Shafto Jebb's ear tho man's speech fell unheeded. His hraia was fired by his great wrong, and he could think of nothing else. Seven bottles of that splendid whisky, the gift of a friend who was not likely to bo again so gener ous. And to think that this wretch, by loosen ing a few crumbling old red bricks, had been able to get at tho very spot' in which Mr. Jebb had carefully bestowed tho choicest treasures of his' cellar. The thing was fiendish. "Get out of tho place," he roared, "or I'll kick you out." " Not without my week's wages," said tho man. " You may whistle for your wages. You'vo had seven bottles of my choicest whisky, and heaven knows what besides. Get out, you house breaking vampire." The man walked sulkily away, and, turning to go back to his violated cellar, in order to see how tho brickwork could bo most speedily made solid and secure, Mr. Jebb found himself faco to face with Jane Barnard. " Oh, if you please, sir, mistress sent mo out with your coat and hat, and will you go in directly, she says, for fear of adding to your cold." ''Hang my cold," cried Shafto, sa-.ngcly; "I want a bricklayer." .--,.51 A bricklayer, sir?" "Yes, woman, a bricklayer, to wall up a cellar. - Bun down to the village and tell Dubbs tho builder to send mo his man directly, with a few new bricks and a hod of mortal-." Mis. Barnard did not wait to bo bidden twice. There was a fine drizzling rain falling, and she had no covering on her neat sleek head, except tho littlo muslin cap which was her badge of servitude ; but sho ran out of the yard as fwt as her active feet could carry her, and, once outsido, stopped and looked about her. There stood tho dismissed drudge, leaning against tho palings of a eottago garden a little way down the road, despondently contcmplativo of a litter of black pigs which wero perambulat ing tho prostrato form of their female parent as coolly as if sho had been a grassy hill-side. Mrs. Barnard had to pass tbo man on ber way to the builder's, and even if Mr. Jebb bad been watch ing her, wliioll ho was not, it would scarcely havo seemed strange that sho should linger for half a minute to speak to him. "I want a few minutes' talk with you," sho .said. " It will bo for your advantage. Meet mo at nine o'clock to-uight in the lane behind the Homestead." "You don't mean no ham agen poor old Tinker?" "What harm should I main? Haven't I always been kind to you ? "Yon have," whimpered tho maudlin wretch, exhaling whisky. "You're a trump. I'll trust you. Nino o'clock? I'll bo there. I'll take a nap in oid Hazel's hay stack between whiles." Farmer Hazel's rick yard was close to tho surgeon's untidy kitchen garden, tho Homestead having once boen tlio dwelling-liouso attached to Farmer Hazel's land. Tinker seemed in earnest, and Mrs. Barnard was fain to believe him, and to go on with her day's work, waiting anxiously for nine o'clock, by which hour the cbildrcu would be in bed, and tho nurso might count upon a brief interval of freedom. The rain had ceased after dark, and when Mrs. Barnard wont out to keep her appoint ment, the sky had cleared, and a few stars wero shining through the grey. She told tho cook she was going np tho village to get somo darning cotton at the shop, knowing that, as in a general way, half an hour's gossip accom panied the smallest transaction at that compen dious repository. Sho might bo out for somo little time without exciting curiosity or wonder by her absence. Sho wont down tho narrow cinder path betweon tho gooseberry and currant bushes, and rank overgrown onions, and lctkersclf out by a littlo gate at the bottom of the garden, which opened into a narrow lane, between the Homestead and Farmer Hazol's rick-yard. A littlo way down this lano stood tho broad five-barred gate leading into' tbo rick-yard, and on the top rail sat a slouching half-doubled up figure, which Mrs. Barnard know must bo that of tho dismissed groom. He had slept off his intoxication, and was now in a somewhat morose and depressed conuiGon, the outlook bofore him being far from hopeful. "Well, Mrs. Nurse," he grumbled, as. Jane Barnard approached him. "Hero I am a dancing attendance upon your ladyship's pleasure, and yet I don't suppose you will givo mo the price of a night's lodging." "There you are mistaken," said Jano, cheer fully. "I am not quite so hnrd-ueaftcd as you think. . I am a poor working woman, but as far as half a sovereign goes " "Half a quid," cried Tinker. "You're a duchess. Make it a whole one, and I'll say you're a rog'lar trump." " If you'll tell mo what I want to know — speaking tho truth fully and frankly— I'll givo you a sovereign lor your trouble ; I'd do so oven \J it were tho last coin I had in the world. When you were leaving tho yard this afternoon yon spoke of Sir Everard Courtenay — you spoko as if you know something — somothing of his past his tory wliich ho would not like everybody clso to know." The man was still seated on tho gate, his shrunken figure bent nearly double, a short clay pipe in tho corner of his mouth, from which ho slowly sent forth a puff of rank tobacco now aud then. - Mrs. Barnard stood close to him, holding the gate, speaking in a low earnest voice. Tho wind had risen sinco tho rain had ceased, and tbo tall pqplars in the hedge-row wero rustling and creaking with a monotonous ebb and flow of sound which prevented Mrs. Barnard or her companion hearing another sound near at hand, tho fall of a stealthy footstep on the other sido of the tangled blackberry hedge, which screened Mr. Jebb's kitchen garden from tho vul gar gaze. Tho footsteps travelled slowly along tho narrow, weedy path inside tho hedge, and came to a dead stop just opposite tho gate on which Tinker had perched himself. " I'm not going to tell you what I know about him," said Tinker, in a sullen tone. "A quid indeed. I should want forty quids. Do you suppose I couldn't turn my knowledge to hotter account with tho baronet hiinsolf ?" " I'm sure you couldn't." "Why?" '-'Because if you'd been ablo to make money out of him in air these years, you'd have dono it." " What do you mean by all these years ?" asked Tinker, in tones of increasing surliness. " I mean that whatever knowlcdgo you have about Sir Evorard Courtenay is knowlcdgo that came to you twenty years ago last October." The man started slightly, and looked at the speakor sharply from under his shaggy brows. " And that if you could have traded upon it in the meantime, you would have traded upon it. You'ro not the man to neglect a chance of that kind." Tinker gave an inward chuckle. "You're about right," he' said. "I. should have screwed him uncommon right if it hadn't been in bis power to screw me. And I'll screw him yet, proud devil. I'vo got so low down that I'm pretty nigh as reckless as that man Yargas, nnd- though' I won't go so far as to put my head inanoose,.I might risk boing a lifer if I could put a rope round that stiff neck of his. " " Do it," cried Jano Barnard, tremulous with excitement, and clutching tho man's bony wrist with her nervous, muscular hand. "Do it ; I'll help you. Shall I tell you who I am ? Yes, I will, nnd then perhaps you'll trust me, and help me. I am Humphrey Vargas's daughter. I want to provo that it was not he who murdered Mr. Blake. I want to clear his namo of that crimo if I can, for the sako of my children ; or clso when tlicy grow up to bo men and women and are working their. way honestly in tho world — to tho front rank, perhaps, for they livo in a freo country where there is nothing to keep them hack— people will bo able to bring it up against tbem that their grandfather wa3 a murderer. .1 want to find the real ' murderer. ' I know who ho is, and you know, and I believe Mr. Jebb knows, hut it's only I that would risk my life to prove it." "Humph," muttered the vagabond, looking at her curiously as if such intensity of purpose wero inexplicable to his jaded souL " You're a rum 'un.- Supposing I could help yon to bring the murder home to the right party. Supposin' it should suit my tomper to stand up in a witness box and tell what I know — what would you give ruefor the risk-I ran ?" "My hu'sbaud is in a small way of business, working hard for every dollar he earns ; but if your evidcnco can clear my father's name of the stain of murder I will givo you a hundred pounds ?" " How can I bo snro of tho money ? Your husband's in America. ,-Whon I've dono what you want I may whistle for my reward. What security can you givo me ?" Jane Barnard was silent. This question, which seemed a natural one for the mau to ask, was a difficult one for her to answer. What security could sho offer — a stranger in the land? She could think ot only one person who would be likely to help her in this matter, and that was Morton Blake. But even of his help sho could not bo certain, for heretofore he had been deaf to her pleading. Yet could sho but offer him confirmatory evidence of hor father's inno cence he could hardly refuse to help her. Might he not be more ready to do so now that the tie between him' and Miss Courtenay was broken ? "If Mr. Blako wore williug to he my se curity," said Jane Barnard, " would you believe me then ?" " I'd believe him," grumbled the man. " He's good for a huudrcd pound. You bring , him to meat any place appointed, and let him givo his word to pay ino a cool hundred tho duy I givo my evidence against Sir Evcrard Courtenay, and I don't mind risking tho witness box. For it is a risk to me. There's things might bo brought up against me by people with plngnay long memories ; but if I once again got clear out of the court and my hundred down, I'd soon ho clean out 0' the country. And I should like to have a slijat Sir Everard before I kick the bucket. Ho was a trifle too high-handed with me twenty years agd and I was a fool to tako things as quietly as I did." " I will try to see Morton Blako to-morrow," said Mrs. Barnard, "and if your evidenco is real ly worth having——" " Worth having," cried Tinker, who by re calling past injuries which had been rankling in his mind for years had worked himself into a feverish condition ; " why my ovidcnco can provo I that 011 the night of tho murder, Sir Everard Courtenay — a gentleman tnat was always regular and orderly in his habits, always one of the earliest to como homo from the hunt, nover being more than a half-hearted sportsman, didn't get homo rill nino o'clock, and they'd killed their fox not fivo mile from Austhorpe at five, mind you, and rodo into the stablo yard all over mud, with his horse dead heat and dead lame, and cut about as I'd never seen any horso of his cut since I'd been undcr- groom at Fnirriow." " Oh," said Sirs. Barnard, " then you wero in bis servico at the time ?" "Of course I was," answered Tinker, " How should I have known nnytjiing about it, if I wasn't ? I was in tho yard when ho camo ip, waiting to tako his horso ; for the head groom had ridden off to Highclcro to . get another doctor for my lady, who was lying dangerously ill. Ho was as palo as a ghost, nnd he just got off his horse, and chucked the bridle to me, and walked Indoors witbont a word. I noticed that he'd lost one oi his spurs, but I didn't think much about that. It was his looks and the horse's condition that took my at tention. 'There's bad news for yon indoors,' says I to myself, ' and yon look bad enough al ready, just 03 if you knew what was coming.' It was about an hour after when the groom camo back, driving the Highclcro dootor in Sir Eve- rard's dogcart. Th'ey had passed the place where Mr. Blake had boen found, and bad heard all about the murder." " Did not tho, head groom, or anyone clso in the house, mako any remark about Sir Evcrard's boiug out so unusually late?" asked Mrs. Barnard. "I don't know that anybody "did. You sco the wholo houso was upset auont my lady. Sho was lying nt death's door, poor thing, nnd nobody could think of anything or anybody else. Bofore the clock struck twelve sho was dead, and Aus thorpe hell, that had been tolling for Mr. Blake, began to toll for hor. That night was a fine har vest for the sexton !" "Did yon see Sir Everard next day ?" asked Mrs. Barnard. "No, be was shut up in tlio room with his dead wifo. They say ho hardly loft her till her coffin was carried out of the house. Early next morning, pretty nigh as soon as it was light, I was at tho placo whore tho murdor was dono. I knew the spot by what Jako, tho groom, had told mo, closo against the pollard oak, and' there were tho footprints of the men who liad carried away tho body, and the grass all trampled and beaten where tho corpso had been dragged out of tho ditch. I don't know wlint mado mo grope about and oxaroinc tho place, for there wasn't much to see— idle curiosity I suppose ; hut the more I hung about the spot — the muddy ditch, and tho broken hedge abovo it, and Jho bank, with tho footprints of a horso sharponcd off by a light morning frost, — the moro I had Sir Evorard and his white face, nnd his hunter all over muck and mire, in my mind.' I couldn't givo over puzzling myself why he should have been out so late on that particular night, and why he should havo como homo in such a state, him as was ono of the neatest of riders, and used to bring his horso home as fresh as paint. I stood loitering about liko, smoking my morning pipe, and looking at the place, when all at ouco I spied something glittering in the thick brambly edge just below the ragged gap that showed where a horse had been over it. What could it be ? Somo of tho plunder which tho murderer had pitched there in his hasto to he off. A pencil cascora silver whistle, I thought ; nothing much, or tho follow would havo nobbled it.' I sprang across the ditch, and scrambled up the bank, and parted tho brambles, and there I found a spur stuck fast, with ono of tho- straps and buckles hanging to it just as it had been torn off, as tho horso went over tho hedge. It was a tough black-thorn branch that had done it. I know tho spur for Sir Evcrard's by the mako of it, and I should havo known it for his anywhere, dven if I had not noticod tho missing spur as he walked across the yard over night. I pnt it into my pocket add jumped back into the road jnst as the police constable and his pal came up to search tho placo ; but I didn't say a word to cither 'of thom as to what I'd found. ' Pretty clear where you was last night, Sir Everard, and what . you was doiug,' says I to myself; yoii gentlefolks gives way to your evil passions just as often as tho poorest of us, though all tho catechism books teaches us different." " Did you toll anyono what you had found ?" asked Jane Barnard. "No; I kept turning tho wlioMhbusincss over in my mind, for I wanted to find tho way as I could best make my account of it. If I was to up and toll cvorythiuk at the inquest, what should 1 he the bettor off for my ovidonce ? Not a mag. I might put a rope round Sir Evcrard's neck ; but that wouldn't put a coat on my back, or give mo a dinner. My lay was to keop dark, and get all I could out of Sir Everard; ' I've got you. under, my. thumb,' I said to inysolf, .'and I'll make you ray the piper.' Ay, and I'll make him pay yet," ho added, with a savage chucklo, "though tho reckoning has boon put off abovo twenty years." , " How was it you failed to make him pay for your silence, then ?" asked Mrs. Barnard. "Nover you mind. That's my business. Per- baps I didn't manage tho affair as well as I might have dono ; perhaps I carried things a trifle too high, and was too cocksure of his knocking under and bleeding freely. Anyhow, ho rounded upon mo, and instead of having him in my power I found it was mo that was under his thumb, and instead of getting a handsome price for my secret I got kicked out liko a dog, and had to choose betweon entting my lucky or gotting into quad. Thoro'd been a triflo of picking and stoaling in tbo stables, you see, and I was in it as well as tho rest — perhaps I- was a little deeper in it than tho rest — and the upshot was that I found myself. without a place nnd without a character, and with my gentleman's odd spur for my only portablo property. Well, I was a careless, roving kind of dog in those days, and I didn't muoh mind where I went as long as I had snug quarters and good grub ; so I didn't feci getting tho sack, and I thought I'd bide my time'. I went into Leicestershire, arid got a berth in a hunting stable ; for when a man can handle a horse as I could in thoso days, and is a smartish chap to look at into tho bargain, character don't go for much. . I told Lord Bullfinch's stud 'groom . as , I'd had a . row with my master, and bad-got kicked out for cheeking him, and I was took on without another question, and for the next ten years my lifo was pleasant enough, always falling on my feet somehow. Brit I.was- ncrer the kind of chap to save money, and by- and-by things began to go dead again me,, nnd then it was all down hill— nover no chango in my luck except from bad to worso— till tho day youj, govornor found me hanging about tho yard of tho Peacock, glad to cam a few ponco . for a night's shelter, or a mouthful of spirits to keep tho rheu matics out of my wretched old bones." "And in all the days of your poverty did you never appeal to Sir Everard ?" " Didn't I, just? I wrote to him when I was hard-up, pitching it very humble you know, and saying that though 1 knew that about Mr. Blake's death as might bo inconvenient for him to havo bandied about, I was the last of men to make uso of my knowledge, but that I was in an awful fix for a ten-pound note, and must get it some ways or other. At first he was civil, and used to send mo tho money ; but without a word, just as you'd throw a dog a bone. Then one day there comes a letter from his valet, to say that Sir Everard, baring been lately imposed upon by various begging- letter writers, had made up his mind to take no further notice of any such appeals, and that if I wrote again he would place the matter in tho hands of the police. Rough upon mo, wasn't it ? . Well, I didu't write again ; but I contrived one day to waylay my gentleman just us he was leaving iho Town Hall at Ilighclcrc after a magistrates' meeting. Ho looked uncommon proud, ant uncommon handsome as he came out of the hall, with his figure well set up, and ' his head held high, swinging a heavy cane -hunting crop as lie walked along. He'd left liis horso at the Pea cock, and it was in the narrow lane that leads from tho town hall to tho market placo— a short cut, don't you know— that I. accosted him. I'd followed him into the lane, and it seemed a nice retired spot for mo to say what I had to say. Well; there's no need to go into our conversation. Instead oi giving mo a civil answer he turned upon mo liko a devil, clutched mo by tho collar, and, getting mo into an angle of the wall where I had no more powor to fight him than if I'd been a baby, ho belabored me with his hunting crop till there was hardly enough Ufa in mo to shriek murder. Ho -threatened that if ' ever I dared to, address him again he'd , beat mo . in the same way. Ho laughed at what he called my impudent prctcnco of knowing something that might injure him if it wero known to all tho world. Of conrso there was no policeman on the Bceno rill ray gen tleman had gone, and there was I, with every bono aching, to get my revenge as best I might. ' Take out a summons against him for assault and batters-,' sas-s the constable. ' Yes, but svliero's tho witness to prove my case?' asks I. What would havo been the good of my taking my poor old bones before a magistrate against such a lino gentleman as Sir Evcrard Courtenay. ' No, my man,' sas-s I, ' it's a 'case of grin and bear it. I must bide my time.' " The church clock chimed the half-hour. "I must get hack to tho house," said Mrs. Barnard. "Thore's the tray to be taken into the parlor for Mr. Jcbb's grog." It was tho surgeon's custom to comfort himself before going to bed with the light refreshment of a glass of gin and water and a' biscuit or two. Jano Barnard brought out a well-worn leather purse from which sho extracted somo silver. "Here are fivo shillings," sho said. "Get yourself a supper and a bed at tho Sugar Loaves, and meet mo at threo o'clock to-morrow after noon on Tangley Common, jnst iu front of the Manor Houso gates. I shall have seen Mr. Blake, most likely, by that time, and shall know what is the best way of going to work." The man turnod tho shillings over in hi3 palm with a dissatisfied air. " You said yon wero going to stand a quid," he muttered. " Fivo bob ain't much after waiting your convenience all these blessed hours." "It's moro than enough to get you a supper, a bed and a breakfast," auswered Jane, firmly, " if you don't waste any of it upon drink. If I wore to givo you mora you'd go muddling your brains with spirits, and I want you to havo all your wits about you to-morrow. Remember, I mean to carry this business through." " So do I," answered tho man, "but I must bo paid for my trouble. 1 shall oxpect a pound or two from you to-morrow night. " You shall havo it. Goodnight." " Good night," growled Tinker. Mrs. Barnard ran back to tho houso, and began bustling about tho kitchen getting her tray ready. Tho kettle was bailing on the hob, ready for the evening potations. " Well, if you haven't stopped gossiping above a .bit," exclaimed the cook, looking up from a greasy copy of last week's -Vera of the World, whore sho had been spelling out' a diabolical murder in tho Potteries. "You must havo found Mrs. Simcox uncommon pleasant. -What was you talking about?" " Old rimes," answered Jane, briefly. Sho cai-riod tho tray and tea kottle to tho family sittingroom, but to her Bupriso Mr. Jebb, whom sho had last seen ensconced in his arm chair, with his feet on tho fender and a Cash mere shawl tied round his head, was no longer there. " Has master been sent for, ma'am?" sho asked of tjio patient wife, who sat at her Penelope task of darning stockings, whioh her nctivo children trampled into holes as fast as she mended them. " No, Jane, I didn't hear of anybody calling for him. Ho went into tho surgery a littlo whilo ago to make up some medicine, and I daresay he's there now." 'Mrs. Barnard oponod tho surgery door and peeped in. The oil lamp was burning low on the counter where Mr. Jebb pounded his drugs and rolled out his pills, and tlio room was empty. " He's not there, ma'am," said Jano. " Then I suppose somebody's como for him. I thought 1 heard tho door shut half an hour ago. Arid now he will go on increasing his cold. Aud he is so cross whon lie has one of those influenza colds. Do you sec if his coat and hat are gone off the pegs, Jane ?" "Yes, -ma'am. They're gone." " I wonder who could havo wanted him? Ho told mo this afternoon ho wouldn't budge for anybody. But the lass of that whisky mado him quite wild. I nover saw hiin so put out since I cun remember ; and then ho stood in tho rain ever so long, watching the bricklayor mend the wall. I'm afraid ho'll bo ill." Mrs. Barnard was too full of her own thoughts to be properly sympathetic. She stirred tho fire, swept the hearth, sot the tray in its proper place, keeping silence ail tho while. Then, just as she was going to leave tho room, sho said : ' > "Ob, if you pleaso ma'am, could you let me havo a couple of hours to myself to-morrow ? I want to go out for a littlo, -.after tho early dinner." "Well, yes, Jano. I suppose I must spare, yon." 