? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. HOSPITAL SUNDAY. The annual collections in aid of the various hospitals and charitable institutions assisted from the Hospital Sunday Fond were made on Sunday last in all the places of worship in the city and suburbs. According to the returns sent in on Sunday evening, the aggregate amount collected was £3850, as against £3050 last year. Tbe four principal denominations contributed as follows:—Catholic, £414 Os. 0£d.; Church of England, £73119s. 2d. Presbyterian, £761 14s. 2d.; Wesleyan, £321 15s. 0£d. The largest sums contributed by Bingle congregations were :—Scots' Church, Collins-street, £155 8s. 5d.; St. Patrick's Cathedral and chapels of ease, £140 3s. 5d.; St. Francis', £125 4s. 6d.; All Saints' Church of England, St. Kilda, £125 0s. 6d. Up to Wednesday morning the returns from Catholic churches were as follows :— £ b. d. St. Patrick's and chapels of ease 140 3 St. Francis', Melbourne .. ..125 4 6 Richmond, Kew, Hawthorn and Nunawading .. .. 48 2 7 St. Mary's, West Melbourne ..36 16 9 SS. Peter and Paul, Emerald Hill 35 0 10 St. Finbar's, Brighton .. ..13 2 6 St. George's, Carlton ., . . 6 9 6 St. Joseph's, Sandridge .. . . 5 0 1 St. Paul's, Coburg .. . . 4 0 0 St. Mary's, Williamstown ..11 4 7 St. Mary's, St. Kilda .. .. 6G 7 6 St. Augustine's 3 6 0 Total .. £494 18 At the Cathedral on Sunday, at the eleven o'clock Mass, the Rev. P. Quigley, of 'West Melbourne, was the preacher. Prior tp the commencement of Mass the Austrian Strauss Band played a selection of sacred music. The Mass performed by the choir was Giorza'a No. 1. The principal vocalists were Mrs. Howitz, soprano; Mrs. Cutter, onntralto ; Mr. W. A. Staker, tenor, and Mr. T. B. Moroney, bass. Mr. Otto Linden presided at the organ, and Mr. A. Plumpton officiated as conductor. At the collection, the band, with stringed instruments only, played Bach's "Meditation," better known as Gounod's Ave Maria. At the offertory, Mr. Charles Turner, the English tenor, sang the recitative and aria from Mendelssohn's jElijah, '' If with all your hearts." The band, at the conclusion of the Mass, performed the "Coronation March" from The Prophet. In the evening the preacher was the Rev. W. Hughes, S.J., and at Benediction Mr. Staker and Mr. Moroney gang Rossi's Tantum Ergo. At St. Francis' the preacher in the morning was the Rev. M. Kelly, S.J., and in the evening the Rev. J. Heffernan. The sacred music fully sustained its character at this church. The grand and impressive strains of Beethoven's Mass in C were enhanced on the occasion by the rich and varied harmonies of the orchestra. The performance of the Eyrie particularly, if equalled, has not beeu excelled in Melbourne. The tempo was appropriately solemn, and so gave due effect to the deeply mysterious harmony, abounding with unresting modulation. The changes of key exemplify, in this piece, Beethoven's perfect mastery of harmonic colouring, of musical light and shade, in his grand and regular style, independent of the socalled beautiful irregularity of the "music of the future." The rendering of the Gloria was appropriately joyous; in this piece and in the Credo the vocal and instrumental parts showed' a grand and brilliant unity of effect, but we could have wished the temposin oneor two movements to have been just a little slower. The remaining movements of the Mass were rendered well, including the Agnus Dei and Dona, in which the difficult phrasing of the Miserere was clear and accurate in time. Tbeprincipalsoprano, alto, tenor, and basB parts were ably sustained by Miss Rosaly Merz, Signora Yenosta, Signor Coy, and Mr. Bergin respectively. Signor Coy also Bang, with beautiful effect, IZingarelli's " Laudato*" accompanied by chorus and organ, and the assistance of the band greatly, added to the joyousness of the piece.. Miss Alioe Reessang Costa's " I Will Extol Thee, O Lord," in which her fine voioe was heard to advantage wjth orchestra and organ. Too much credit cannot .beg^ysi^to, Mr. Furlong for the .unity and appropriateess of; thejf whole performance,, which were principally jpeenred by hip . able and experienced baton, giving due merit to is w/eU-trainpd'phorus, an able organist, and ,anie^ismt;orcb£8tra. Mr. Edward ingw^ ,$he ^principal violin, and , he, wii^h. ^ ^ " ^ B^emen who repdejpd tajfVgsfWBftous series in aid of a gw«it jU^! er .?e8 much praise., Mr. Sykps, s fisuali presided at the organ, and perormed'Several solos in a masterly style. J t j j y r j n f c At Vespers, the special music , was a Salve Eegina of CampaS^ Mr. Furlong, and an Ave w l ^ Milard's, by Signor Coy. ThVTf 01 sung was Mr. Furlong's L E Th« y formers of the orchestra wer«- w King, Weinberg sen., Munyard, ReiUy, P arry "Wwdim^*' Zeplin, Littich, Pagol7t'ti, fife Hesse, Leyden, Fritz, Mathi^ fi' Munyard, jun., professionals, and tu following talented amateurs :-mJ» Parry, Manning, J. F.Kennedy, J f J MONTH OF MART. The devotions for the Month of Mar® were continued in the principal church™ during the past week. The Rev J Heffernan occupied the pulpit 0f St Francis' Church, and the Very Rev Dean Donaghy that of the Cathedrel. ' SODALITY OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN The Rev. Father Nulty, S.J., on Fridav evening, the 22nd inst., continued his lectures on Catholic doctrine to the mem bers of the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin attached to St. Patrick's Collet The subject on that evening was the law' fulness of the invocation of saints as testified to by the Fathers of the Church. RECEPTION AND PROFESSION OP RELIGION. The sacred ceremonies of the reception and profession of Sisters of Mercy took place in the convent of that Order Nicholson-street, Fitzroy, on Thursday the 21st inst., the Feast of St. Ursula. One young lady received the white ved on the occasion, and another made her holy profession. His Grace the Archbishop officiated, assisted by tbe Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., and the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, his Grace's chap, lain. The Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., celebrated the Mass of the Holy Ghost, during which the novice made her vows, and received the black veil and the ring. The Rev. F. Murphy, S. J., preached a magnificent sermon on the religions state. The music was performed by the convent choir in its usual exquisite and accomplished manner. Immediately after the sermon, his Grace the Archbishop gave Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy and the Rev. C. Nulty, S.J. Theceremonies were conducted privately, only the immediate friends of the young ladies being present in the chapel, whicS has the drawback of being quite too small for those occasions. The Archbishop, clergy, and visitors were entertained by the Sisters of Mercy at a splendid dejeuner. SISTERS OF MERCY'S SCHOOLS. The new school building of the Sisters of Mercy attached to the convent in Nicholson-street, Fitzroy, is being rapidly proceeded with. The walls are already raised above the first story. The building will contain three stories when completed. ALL SAINTS DAY. Monday next, being the Feast of All Saints, will be a holiday of obligation. Masses will be celebrated in the Cathedral and St. Francis' Church at the same hours as on Sundays. His Grace the Archbishop will probably pontificate at the last Mass in the Cathedral. COMMEMORATION OF ALL SOULS. Tuesday next being the Commemoration of All the Souls of the Faithful Departed, the Solemn Office of the Dead will be recited in the Cathedral and St. rancis' Church at eleven o'clock. The equiem Mass will follow, and at its conclusion the list of the dead will be ead. His Grace the Archbishop will robably preside in the Cathedral. SS. SIMON,AND JUDE. Thursday last being the Feast of SS. Simon and Jude, Apostles, was observed as a day of devotion. GUILD HALL FOR NORTH MELBOURNE. An adjourned meeting of the Catholios of North Melbourne was held at St. Mary's Church on Sanday afternoon last, and was largely attended by the most influential Catholics of the parish. The Very Rev. Dean England was voted to the chair, and explained that the purport of the meeting was to adopt means for the purpose of building ® Guild Hall, for the comfort and convenience of the Catholic societies in existence in the district. As it was the wish of his Grace the Archbishop that those sooieties should be immediately under the control of the Church, and, M the want of accommodation had prevented that heretofore, be hoped that the Catholic; of the district would respond nobly to w .needful an object. Mr. T. Fogarty, 'also impressed upon,,the meeting necessity of a h»U for the Cathoha ot.$ip,4ij»Jrict, pointing out the bene®" tojbe, reived, espeoiajly to the Catholic of the district, frpm a library apd which it.;is intended tp establuh, in. connection with the hall. Jnk SVV Cross, J.P., also spoke of the gr?« that jfxjiflted in the P&WP; .a' .fyU-.jfflmi Catholic, subject ba discussed, *nd gave an estimate of about the cost of the building needed. On the motion of Mr. C. O'Leary, seconded by Mr. Howard, it wap decided that the building should be of brick, and that operations be commenced as soon as Jitlf the estimate was in hand. Mr. Fogarty, J.P-, was elected treasurer, and jlr. p. O'Callaghan was elected secretary, to act in conjunction with the secretary of the Catholic Association. The Catholic Young Men's Society were represented by Messrs. O'Leary, jun., and Wade, and promised their assistance to the movement. The St. Michael's Branch of the H.A.C.B.S. also promised to doallintheir power to assist. Mr. Fitepatrick announced that the amounts promised from those present amounted to nearly £40. On the motion of Mr. Kiely, seconded by Mr. F. Roach, the meeting was adjourned to Wednesday evening, the 27th inst., for the purpose of forming sub-committees to canvasB the district for the necessary funds. [From our Geelong Correspondent.) HOSPITAL SUNDAY. Collections in aid of the local hospital were made in both churches on Sunday last. Following his usual custom, the Venerable the Archdeacon made noappeal of a special character, knowing from experience that t.be mere announcement of the fact was all that was necessary for the occasion. The collection ftt St. Mary's realised £32, and that of SS. Peter and Paul's £10. making the very satisfactory total of £42. St. Mary's occupies the place of honour, having contributed the highest amount of any single church in the district. MONTH OF MARY. On Sunday next (to-morrow) a procession of the associated Catholic societies through the grounds of St. Mary's will taVe place immediately after the eleven o'clock Mass, weather permitting. In former years nothing occurred to prevent the societies marching on the first Sunday of October in honour of the Blessed Virgin; but this year the procession had to be postponed in consequence of the wintry, boisterous weather that prevailed. ST. AUQTJSTINE'S ORPHANAGE. His Worship the Mayor, Mr. J. H. Connor, recently offered a prize of £5 for the best band, composed of boys, and attached to a day-school of the district. The competition took place at the Agricultural Show on Friday, and the judges awarded the first prize to the band of St, Augustine's Orphanage. Mr. Robinson, their musical instructor, is to be complimented for the proficiency the boys have attained under bis tuition. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. At last meeting, members wereengaged in elocutionary practice. The recitations of Messrs. Trait, Keenan, Bagley, Molomby, Dunne, and Ferguson, were given with good effect, and deservedly applauded by the meeting. 