Detained iu the Quavautine G-rounds. Mr. Thomas Anpltby, of £ent-9t;cot, under date Ootobar 20, gives tbe following iuotanoo of what he oonsidore a great injnstico :— On September 27 last, the ketch Ariol, Capuin Black, lolt 'I ommienn with 2, cargo of timber, and on« pi&scn;^or, bound for Sydney. Daring top nieht the wind rose to a heavy (tale, apd on Tauday morning, the fatal r.ay on which the Susannah Uoc'effri/y va9 lost,, it was & per fect bu'TJcaue, during which we got disabled^ The osplnin, by goofl uianaEumont, got through the Headn, and to save hi* ship, anofiored on tho Quaran tine Ground ; indeed, he hud no other alternative, as he wa* obliged eituer to let ? .i hii anohor. or let his vessel drift on to tfie rookb-. We had not been there more than ono hour, whon a boat oame alonsside, threir a y«J!o«- fliu on board, r.nd told th« oaptiin to !iu:ht it, unj uoi, to move uuiler a penally ui .2-00. Now, when we anohored, the Margaret, of Sydney, was there aleo. '1 ho doetor vaccinated all her crew, bnt ho never once name on board the Ariel, nntil the dtyoa wiial; wo ware released. Was ha trying un exiiorimeut? If so, it signally failed. If it was lawful to detain ono vassal, wbynnt serve all alike? Last Sunday, ayaoht sailed on to tho Quarantine Ground, and retrained them for upwards of four hours, having cijjht men on board, and not a word wat (said, but thtn eho was a gentleman's jaoht. and poruapB Kontlemen do not take contagions diseases ; perhaps — well— thus- did not seo her. It ib enough to Bav that dnringonr stay wo wero Cllod y,-itb a mixtui o ofauicty, vexation, awl reeeutmont. Tho captoiu, cron-, and myself are willinRto make au afEdayit that tho above is a true Btatetuunt of onr (I think) very hard case. A correspondent, writing on tho state of the foot paths of tbo city, roferB io tbo praotictr of the corpo ration in ufiilib; clay in their formation, strongly eondeuvcir.g our city fathers for the non-fulfilment of tbelr p'omison, of what tboy Btatcd would take effect in t!j-' ' Swoet byo-aud-by.' Onr corres pondent thinlie the footpaths are only fit for ac[o--at«. A very handsomely illuminated address, which is about to be presented to Mr. J- B. Oliffe. the presi dent of the Kow South Wales Lioens cd Viotuullors' view at the CBtahlfehnicnt of Mr. J. Sipds, George street. The address io worded with expressions of goodwill and acknowledgements of the recipient's valuable cervices rendered in tbo interests of the asFooiation, and ie decorated with tint cabinet phots of Mr. Oliffe in the centre, Burmounted by those of tho members of the aounoil. It ie the workmanship of the firm of Mr. Sande, They have a. ghost in Gloneester-Btreet witU clothing- apptoprintsly coloured a dead white. It has osnsed a Rood deal of alarm at times, an-l has fiU'hteum) not a fen of the residents of the locality during the past lew weekB. Opinions were divided oa to iu orjfrtn, tbe general belief being that it roprs reptod someone wrongfully done to death on GaUowp Hill. A t Odpfctoil yornefk't lay in wait for it a night or two oinoo, and sainted it with one or two over-ripe eggs. Its profanity wan sufficiently prononneed to inciioate Its present lodcrinRft, bnt waB not at all rococo, and, iu faot, ropleta with th« most modern obinrgntory eln.ng. The 5.B& p.m. suburban train from Sydney, yeater d8,5,wo« just ieaving Evejeigh.aod passoncers by It worn c-oflBing the line, whon a thtoucta train to Sydney ruihao past, nod a jonue man named Georpe ujvftuuo, uititiK uu-uiff ut gwi. oiearor 1.CO rails, W0.8 struck, and his le.gfroro the knee upwards waa drnad fully lacerated. The train which struck tho young man immediately palled np, and the sufferer was conveyed to Itadfero, thence 'ho was tuken to the Infirmary. Mr. Thomas Bpargeon preached bis farewell dis course in tbe Glabo PixBbjteiian Church last even ion. Thars waa a vary Urge attendance, the commo dious bnildinfr being .'lonfioly crowdod in every part. The subject of llr. Spnrgron'fl sramonwas Philip piftn«iv.,fi: 'Bs careful for .nothing: but in every ? thing bj prayer nnd stipplioation, with thanksgiving, Jet your reqaoBtm be znado known unto God/' 1?rom tbepe wordB, ho delivered a most appropriate and ppwerfnl discoiintc, At tbe clone, a number remained to 'bid an affectionate 'eood-bye' to the )ronng preeoher. Mr. Spnrjreon, we believe, left this morning for I,s.uNoestop. ? On Wednseday crening, at tie Sobool of Arts, Mr. P. fierill, M.A., gave a lnatnre on 'The winds and the waves,' being tho third of a aeries of geographical lectures^ There was a Rood attendance, and the chair was oc cupied by Mr. John Marintaan, M.L.A. In tho course of an interesting and instructive address the lecturer doicibed tha characteristics of the atrnnn phnrc, tbe force of the paodorate winds, the oc-^un enrrente, the typhoonK, the monsoons, and eevorgl others. The lecture was illustrated by views shown by tho tri-nniij lantern, and at its conclusion tho lecturer reoeivsd a hearty vote of thanks. The members of the Mount iaohlan Volunteer Fire Company have canso to congratulate them selves en the progress they have male. Tkeyliavu a neat and commoftions e&tmo; honsn with a room attached ; and all tho appliancos nectary for carry ing out tbe objeets of their organisation are now complete, a resolution having benn passed at their last meeting for the equipment of the mombers. An engine bae been pracured(tbe Eclipse, kindly lent by tbo Mo. 3 Company) pending the completion of a now engine, which is now in oourso of construction by Sowc end Bose, engineers, of Begeat-strect. lied fern. A typographical error ocouto in Mr. M'ElhonsS letter oonoernius ifr. Fremiin, published a few d&j;» aro.whict tho mriter aiksnttd have corrected. In stsadbt' Mr. Hunter, thefoncer of tbeland,'it»bonjd hove been, 'and hunted the feneet offtheland,' Mr. M'Ellione atleo aska tbat another miEprint be oorreoted ; bnt on ref erenss to his manuscript we find that his words were printed exactly »s be wrote tbam. The oorreotion he withes m.dtislhisi For tbo words, ' and the wife of one of the parties «&id; Mrs. Fremiin had induoed her husband,' Ac., it should read, ' and tke wife of one nf the parties told me that Mrs. Fremiin had induced borhisbaod' to Io this— that Is, not to aeoept Mr. Binetead'e surrey trhioh gave them 50 to 60 feet in depth by half a mile len-r. 