HE WANTED TO BE AN ACTOR. t A cities it, whose host weight never ex ceeds 120 peantis, was the ©thee day bay ing a eouple of hensof a farmer on the market, and before the bargain was con cluded, the two became quite friendly, and the hrntr b aid he had something on. "mm to eomnmnieate. One «f his beys had a passion for the&fcrioals; and was de-" "sirous of becoming an actor. The idea was bo strong en. him that he had hseome worthless round the farm, and the father .was in apeak ef trouble to know bow to tun the boy's attention from the footlights to the plough-handles. . '''Spots I send him ts.ysn, 'epose yon make fan ana ridicule him and les him see how foolish it is?" suggested the father, and the citizen agreed. As a result of their planning the boy walked into the citizen's plaee of business on Congress-street east next morning. The father had sailed him a boy, but he weighed about 100 pounds, stood nearly six feet high, and he had a pair of hands as large as the chrome of the Tosemitc Valley. His arrival was ex- . posted, and after a few words about the weather, the cifcizsn queried ; " So you think you would make an actor, eh?" " Yes, I kinder think so," was Jhe reply. " What line wooidyou take?" "Well, I kinder like tragedy." ' Tragedy ! Why, you couldn't succeed in tragedy! Look at your hands! Look at those feet ! Rsmemfoar your voice ! You'd be hissed off hit stage. Don't never think of tragedy." "Hon would T do in a drama," asked the boy. "Not at all; in thejfirst place your eprs are too large. Then your heels stick oat too far. Then your hands would hide half the other asters. Dou't try the drama, ior you will be a dead failure." " Could I do anything in comedy ?" " Not a thing. The sight of you in comedy weald be she same as the sight ofj a hearse on the stage. Ail the facioal ex pression you have is behind your .ears.' l'Te thought some of being a nigger BUmac"1' " observed the boy, alter a long the worst of all. I tail you, bey, you d better stick to the farm. You are not the iduu"1 B aC'r' aa< Yoa waat & " Couldn't I act as usher?" " No air ; you are too stiff in the knees." " Couldn't I take tickets ?" " Never ! Your- hands, are too big for that worx." t "CoulduH I shift scenes f" "No. You are too big and unwieldy." a leng and painful diienoe. ? w y ros® and said : " Well, I'm bound to go into iheatrioals. 0&nt; be anything else I'll be the feller that stands at the door to raise a remand I'll begin on you! Come over i 1 hauled, ,tiie adyiaer over the table, latched him by the small of the bp"L., and spun him around, slammed bim | against the wail and dropped him to get !a batter hold. When the curtain rose on the next act there was a strictly private conversation going on between Hamlet and the Ghost, and the Ghost's coat was ripped up the back unci his collar torn open, luen Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice : you declare that I cannot act?" Then the Ghost dodged around the table and replied: "No, J dou't! You are all right — you are a splendid aetor — you ean't help but win!" " And you'll tell me father so?" J will— you bat I will !" "If you don't !' Here Hamlet took three steps forward, two back, scowled his iter case, and the Ghost jumped behind the stove and vowed he d even pay 0 do Is. for a private box on the night of the debut. VTis well!" said Hamlet, and he went over on the market to see if he could sell thro pecks of onion sets for cash 'down. — dJetro%t ISVee Press. > _ . A man stabbed another with a hair ©f scissors recently in Brooklyn, Is teaJwavs dangerous to interrupt a person who is writ ing e&tonals.; - 