A GHOST STORY OF TO-DAY. Th« Ret. Augustas Jessopp, D.D. (says the Fall Mall Gaztttt) has published ia the Athenttum a remarkable account of an appa rition of which he was the witness io Lird v nora « library at manmngton mu, .nonu.t-, in October last After dinner, the party bavio;' broken up at hilf-past 10, Dr. JessoDp retired to the library to take notes of some of the rare books which it contains. What befel him there be thus narrates: — 'By 11 o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon busily at work *-nd absorbed in my occupation. Tbe room in which I was writing was a large one. with a huge fireplace and a grand old t;himDey ; and it is needless to say that it k furnished with every comfort and luxury. The library opeiis into this room, and I had to pass out irem where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes I wanted to examine. There were six small volumes in all. I took them down, and placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work — sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with a book I placed it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and, as I am a ohilly person, I sat myself at one csrner of the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as Z had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only one more book to occupy me. I rove, wound up my watcb, and opened a bottle of aeltzer water, and I remember thinking to myself that I should get to bed by 2 after all. I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hear, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand within a foot «f my elbow. Turning my head, there »at a figure of a somewhat large man, with bis back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examinicg the pile sf books tbat I had been at work upon. Tbe man's face was turned away from me, but I saw bis closely cut reddish-brown hair, bis ear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the comer of tbe right eye, the aide of the forehead, and the large high cheekbone. He was dressed is what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded sHk or some such material, dose np to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of aboat an icch broad, of satin or velvet, strving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. Tks right hand, which bad first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left kand ; both hands were in perfect repose, and tbe large blue reins cf the right hand were con spicuous. I remember tbioking that the band was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent 'Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, aad was perfectly sure tbat he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding npon me, but not the least feeling of alarm or even uneasiness ; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager vs make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil; then I thought, ' Upstairs I have a sketch-book. Shall I fetch it?' There be sat, and I was fssainated ; afraid, not of his staying, but iest he should %o. Stopping is my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it oat to the pile of books, and moved *vhe top one. I cannot explain why I did this— my, »rm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I wes eimply disappointed, and nothing more. I went en with my writiDg as if .otbing had h»pFened, perhaps fcr another five minutes.and I bad actually got to tbe last few word, of what I bid detained to extract when tb* figure appsand *c»io. exact ly. in *? ss»a* »las* and attitude as before. X saw toehandsrloaelo bay own ; I tamd »j hmi again, to vmum^m nore etosely, and I wm frajainc a ssattu* s» address to him, when I discovered that I did' Dot -iare to speak- I was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my bead again to my work, and finished writing the two or three word* I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out tbe words I was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my twk, I shut the book and threw it on the table ; it made a slight noise as it fell — the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for some second* looking At the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Tnen first there stole upon me a dread and a suspicion that I waa beginning to lose my ner?e. I re member yawkiog ; then I rose, lit my bed room candle, took my books into the inner library, mounted tbe chair as before, and replaced five of the volumes ; tbe sixth I brought back and kid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honour to appear to me. By this time I bad lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out tbe four candles and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty —I know not which — but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnished narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, or inference I lea re to others.' Subsequently (on January 17) the Atlicnaruin published the following :— ' We have been over whelmed with letters regarding Dr. Jessopp's narrative. Several correspondents are anxious to know whether the ghost sat on a real cbair, whether tbere is any tradition of a ghost at Mannington Hall, &c; We print the two letters which offer the most plausible explanation. Dr. Wilks, ¥£, S., of Guy's Hospital, writes to us :— ' Putting aside the supposition of a trick, the story resolves itself into the question whether the appearance of the man beside him (Dr. Jessopp) was objective or subjective, Uader ordinary circumstances when we see an object the latter is material, and forms an image on tbe return ; this is mentally known through a per ceptive part of the brain ;. the mere retinal image is not enough to constitute vision, as pictures are constantly painted upon the retina which are never discerned. Now it is possible for this perceptive part of the brain to be thrown into an active condition quite independent of tbe normal stimulus conducted to it from tbe retina, and under these circumstances the person ap parently sees an object which, by the law of our nature, ia projected by him a e«rt*in distance before the eye. This is common enough ia fevers and in dtlirium tremens, where patients see people and animals around them whose reality is such that the memory of these be comes a part of tbe experience of their future lives. In mental derangements these hallu cinations are also common, and patients see objects and bear voices which have no ex ternal existence. So it is in our dreams, from which we may be suddenly aroused by a great noise where all is still around, the auditory peroeptive centre of the brain having been abnormally excited. In normal conditions the sight of an object implies the painting of it on the retina, as the hearing a noise implies the vibration of tbe drum of tbe ear. If sight and bearing occur without these normal excitants of tbe nerve*, the brain must have been stimulated from within, and the impressions are abnormal and subjec tive. At the present time we have no know ledge tbat anything in the likeness of a ghost or anything that has not a material basis can excite an image on the retina ; whereas we do know that under abnormal conditions the brain may be stimulated so as to produce a visual im pression independent of any such im^ge on the retina. The probabilities are then immensely in favour of tbe appearance which the doctor saw being subjective rather than objective. We have only to suppose that those very common abnormal conditions of brain which are observed in bad health may occur under excep tional circumstances is an otherwise healthy organ t» account for the occasional appearance of gboats. Tbe probabilities are also in favour of this view from other considerations. First, tbere seems so reason why the spirits of another world should prefer midnight for their visits, but the reasons are obvieua why we should con* jure them up at that time. Then, again, the want of individuality shown by this particular ghost ; an ordinary mortal would find it very difficult to put himself ' in exactly the same place and attitude as before' on his appearance a second time, as this apparition did ; and then so dependent was it upon the observer, that when tbe latter put his arm up it was gone, aud tbe same occurred on the second occasion on another movement. How these movements of tbe doctor could have affected a real object does not seem clear, nor why it could not be gazed at from dif ferent points of view. It may be noticed, too, that its nearness corresponded with the focussing of tbe doctor's eyes to objects close around him.' Mr. A. Wilson, F.R.S.E, writes:— 'As the narrator leaves explanation to others, will you permit me to remark thit his experiences very aptly illustrate to my mind a simple and readily explicable case of ** subjective sensation.' As such, Dr. Jessopp's ghost is ex plicable satisfactorily to tbe physiological mind on the idea that an image has been retained and formed in his sight-centres, and has been uncon sciously projected forwards from the background of CCBrciouanef s to Assume (to tbe subject of tbe illusion) the veritable appearance of a human figure or spectre. The well-known case of Nicolai, tbe Koyal Academican and bookseller of Berlin, is the best-known recorded instance of similar visitations ; and Sir David Brewster, in his history of 'Natural Magic,' gives tbe case 01 a Mrs. A., who *-as a ghost-seer of somewhat remarkable kind. Cases such as those illus trated by Dr. Jessopp are by no means nhknowa in medical practice, and are explicable on the theory of reversion of the ordinary phenomena and routine of sensation. The only point con cerning which any dubiety exists concerns the exact origin of the specific images which appear aa the result of subjective sensory action. My own idea is that almost invariably the projected image is that of a person we have seen or read about. It is not necessary tbat we should re member tbe incident to reproduce it thus, for 'unconscious memorj' is a notable fact of mental life. In Dr. Jessopp'a case there is one fact which seems to weigh materially in favour of the idea that tbe spectre which appeared to him in Lord Orford's library was an unconscious reproduc tion of some mental image or figure tboat which tbe doctor may very likely have con cerned himself in the way of antiquarian study. He describes the figure as dressed in tbe costume of a past age. Does cot this fact alone testify to the appropriateness of an anti quary's ** illusion' being drawn by memory and imagination from the «'ays of old and from the foimsof the past? Mental physiology has not yet suflicieBtly progressed to enable ub to satis factorily and fully explain the rationale of the mental acts which evolve the spectral illusion, but I would fain add, in conclusion, that such facts of mind as are already within our ken place cases like that of Dr. Jessop within the pale of a rational explanation ; whilst our best thanks are due to the narrator for his record as an aid to the diffusion of a plain understanding of ' ghosts' on a scientific basis.'' 