IVRT-STREET PUBLIC SCHOOL. The annual exhibition of needlework, &o.;, in connection with the Fort-street Public school took place yesterday afternoon. This exhibition usually takes place at the' Christmas vacation, but as most of the exhibits were at tie Garden Palace last Christmas the display had to be post«1 poned until after the International Exhibition had closed! Yesterday afternoon a very large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled in the portion if the Fort-street insti- tuto used as a girls' school, for tho purpose of witness-! ing tho distribution of prizes, &c.; Mr. Wilkins, Under« Secretar}* for Education, presided. Several musical selec- tions wero very creditably rendered by the girls, including " Tho Gracious Morning," from Giorza's Exhibition Can» . tata, under the leadership of Mr. J. C. Fisher. A number of girls also took part in a well-written dramatic trifle, from! the pen of Mr. E. Lewis Scott, entitled " Laying a Ghost,' or Kitty's Resolve." The whole,of the characters were) females, and an entertaining and simple plot was worked out in a manner that fully sustained the interest of th« audience. The dialogue was light and sparkling)/ and several of the girls played their parts in an exceedingly creditable manner. Mr. Wilkins complimented! Mr. Scott on the fact that he had not only displayed ability in the construction of tho drama, but had succeeded in inculcating a moral lesson in the most unobjectionable1 language. A special feature in the proceedings was tba display of calisthenics by a number of girls, under the direction of Lieutenant Mulholland, who appeared to have adopted an excellent system, and to have his pupils well trained. The exercises included the use of poles, rings, chest-expanders, &c;, and the pupils displayed a marked amount of proficiency, while they appeared to thoroughly enjoy the physical exercise. Towards the close of the pro* ceedings Misses Annis Martin and Annie Macintosh, on behalf of the pupils of the school, presented Mitt Allingham with a gold brooch and earrings, accompanied with an address, expressing the hope that she might bs long spared to rill the position she now so efficiently occu- pied as their guide and instructress. A similar address, together with an egg-stand and salt-cellar, was presented to Mrs. Dadley, the sowing mistress, by Misses Edith Well) and Cissy Puohnun, on behalf of the pupils. Mr. Wilkin» distributed a very large number of prizes to successful pupils ; after which the majority of the visitors proceeded ti- the boys' school, where the specimens of needleworks drawing, &c;, were displayed. The following were among the principal prize takers :-i For General Proficiency : Adelaide Allen, Elizabeth Dunne. Drawing Prizes : Anno Potter, Fanny Shields. Needle-! work Prizes-Mrs. Raphael's Prizes : Matilda Lessing^ Maud Lee, Cissy Poolman. Special Medals for Calis-j thenics : Maud Griebrook, Mary Booth, Constance GrothJ Special Medal for Woolwork : Edith Wells. Plain Needle^ work: Florrie Merriman. "~ 