-A, REAL GHOST STORY. !| — Tho Athenseum publishcs a remarkable state-, ment by tbe Rev Dr Jussop, head-master of . the Norwich Grammar school. On the 10th October, 1879, Dr Jessop drove over from. Norwich to MaoniogtoD"haII, to spend the night at Lord Oxford's. After stating that a- pleasant evening was spent, during which, conversation did not for a moment turn on, the supernatural, the doctov says : — ' " The main object of my going over to Mannington was to examine and take, notes; upon some very rare books in Lord Oxford's! library, which I bad been anxious to get aj sight of for some year s. I asked leave to sit, up for. some hours to make transcripts. By eleven o'clock I was tbe only person down stairs and I wss very soon busily at woik! and absorbed in my occupation. I continued at my 'task till nearly one o'clock. I had got on better tban I bad expected, and I had only one more book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened, a. bottle of Belter, water, and I remember thinking to; myself that I should get to bed by two after', all.- I eet to work at the last little book. I, had been engaged upon it about half an hour,, and: was -just -beginning to think that iny . work ; was drawing to a close;, when, as I was ac/ tually writing, I saw a large white band- within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large; man, with his back to the' " fire, bending slightly over the table,/ abd! apparently -'ei> amining the pile of books .that I had been at work upon". The' man's face was turned away from me, bat I saw' bis closely-cut reddish brown hair, bis ear and shaved cheek, the 'eyebrow, the Corner of the right eye, the aide of the forehead, and ' the large, high cheek bone. He was dressed in what I can only clescribe aa a kind of ecclesiastical habit, of thick corded silk or some such material,- close lip 'to the throat, and a narro w rim of 'edging, of about an inch broad.of satin or' velvet,serVH iDg , as a Rtanding-up collar, and htting close to the chin. .. The right hand which had first attracted my attebtipn, was clasping, without any great pressurp, the left: band; both hands were/in -perfect repose, . and /.the . Ilargeftblue eina'df tbe; "right band wbi-e coDspioiioue! :-I remember thinking that; the hand was like the hand "of Velasquez's magnificent '' Dead Knight' in the National .Gillety,- I looked at,my;visitor for some, 88conds, and, was jpetr feot'ly. aure" that he7 was/nb"t a "reality. A thousand "tlfo'uglits datoldr6wUiup"Wei;- bht'not'tbe'least'feelingfialarm.for e'veiihinA easiness ; curiosity and-a-strong interest were uppermost.- -For an. instant. l:)felt/.eager/to make - a sketch: of'my friend, and: -I". iookeS at a tray on my right for' a' peucil ; than I thought, " Up'staii-B I havo a sketch book- — shall I fetch it 1" There he Bat; ' and I ; was fasoinated ) afraid, not of bis htayibg, but lest he , should1 go/ "StoppingUnO my "writing,- I lifted my, left band/from -the: paper/ stretched it out to the pile of/ books, / and moved . the top oneV-/1!' cannot 'explain/wKV:! did tbis/ my arm paesed in' front of tbe figure, . and .it vanished. T was simply .disappointed ,aud nothing more... I went on with-!my -writing as if nothing had ' happened, perhaps for anotherlive minutes, /acid I ,badjactually got to the'last few 'wordB.in what L had. determined to extract wheb'the figutb!a|ipeared againj ex-- aotly in., the same place "and /attitude /as be fore. - -I saw: the hands close to- my-- own/; ;I turned -m head againfto ;examine him'/more, closely, 'and I 'was framing a sentence, to ads dress to. him, when I disco vered thatI-did not dare to' apeak. I waaafraid, of the sound of my own voice. There'h'e Bat, and there sat I. I turned my head/.agam/to., mywbrj /and finished writing the two or three words l had still to wrifell.'CTbelpaper and! myr/notes are at;this moment before me, and. /exhibit;) not/ the alightest tremor or neryqusnese. 1 could poiiit out the! words I was writieg. when .the. phantom -camp and. when/f hq: dieappeared. Having'fihish'ed my"", task, 'sput'/ 'thi Book aud threw-it on the tahle'j it mii'de -tt alight noiBe as is,fel!— the' fiuryaniabed.; ,brdWH ing my self back in cay. chair, I sat for soma/ seconds looking-a V' the .fire/': with a curious mixture of feeling, :'and 'I/remember wonder- ing whether iny friend 'Would comeagain, and if he did, sowhether,;he.c-,vypuld!rhide-ithe/ fire from ,me; llThenjfu8t. there stolo upon mo a dread and suspicion that I was beginniog to lose my-OnerveU ' I remaoiber yawning; 'then' X rose, Ht . my . bedroom candle, took.myjbcjdk. into the inner library; mounted the chair as before, and; replacing' five qf the j volumes; the sixth I brought, baok and laid on tbe table where -I had beenwritiog; .when the /phantom did me the honour to aiipear 'to me . By ibis time I. had lo8t ,all , eenae of uneasiness. I blew out' 'the Tour candles antl marched'off to bed, where I eleptthe sleep of the j'ust;or the guilty; I now not which, but I slept very eoundly. . This is a/.simpie, unvarnished nar» rative ofTact8; ,'Explanation, theoryl or in- foreuce I leave to 'others'." - ' 