THE LITTLE STOWAWAY. Many years ago, on board an English ship, a little ragged boy, aged nine years, was discovered on the fourth day of the voyage out from Liverpool to New York, and carried before the captain. When questioned as to his object of being stowed away, and who brought him on board, the boy, who had 'a beautiful sunny face, and eyes that looked like the very mirrors of truth, replied that his stepfather did it, because he could not afford to keen him nor to pay his passage out to Halifax, where be had an aunt wh« -was well off, and to whose house he is going. The captain did not believe the story, ? in spite of the winning face and truthful accents of the boy. He had seen too much of stowaways to be easily deceived by them, be evid, aud it was his firm belief that the boy had been brought on board and provided with food by, the sailors. The little fellow was very roughly handled in consequence. Day by day he was questioned, but always with the same result. He did not know a sailor on board, and his father alone had hidden him, and given him the food which he ate. At last the - captain; wearied by the boy's persistence in the same story, seized him by the collar, and dragging him to the fore, told him that unless be would tell the truth in ten minutes from that time he .would hang him from the yard-arm. He then made him sit under it on the deck. All around him were the passengers and sailors of the midday watch, and in front of him stood the cruel captain with bis watch in his hand, and the other officers of the ship by his side. It was a touching sight to see the pale, sorrowful face of that noble boy, his head erect, his beautiful eyes bright through the tears that rose in them. When eight minutes had 'fled, the captain told' him he had but two miritites to live, and advised him to speak the truth and save his life ; but he replied with the utmost simplicity and sincerity by asking if he might pray. The man said nothing, but nodded his head and turned as pale as a ghost, and shook with trembling like a reed with the wind. And there, all eyes turned oh him, the brave little -fellow, this poor waif whom society owned not, and whose own step father could not care for him— there be knelt with clasped hands and eyes turned to Heaven, while he repeated the Lord's Prayer, and prayed the Lord Jesus to take him to heaven. When he ended his simple prayer, sobs broke from strong hard hearts, as the captain sprang forward to the boy, and clasped him to his bosom, and kissed him and blessed him, and told him how glad he was that he been brave enough to face death and be willing to sacrifice his life for the truth of hi6 word. Wanted to See the Editor. — A man on the cars was offered a newspaper. He took it, looked at the heading, and then threw it aside with disgust, and remarked : — ' I don't want news from that paper.' 'I supposed everybody read it in these parts,'*' I answered. 'Has it been pitching into you?' ' Pitching into me ? Great Caesar I I should think it had. But you must let me meet the editor of that paper.' ' You never make anything by striking an editor,' I said ; *' better grin and bear it.' ' Yes, that's all right for you to say ; but just let me meet that man ! I'll show him how to run a newspaper.' 'What did he, do?' ' Do ! He did a deal. Here's how it is : I often go- up to Springfield in the evening and come home in the morning. Well, one night I met an old crony, and we went to the music hall and the theatre. When we came out we met some friends. Of course I could not get right out, so I treated ; in fact, we were having a pretty good time, when some fellows] came in and tried to raise a row. In less than no time the police were in and had us. The next morning I was hauled before the court and fined 7.40 dollars. I did not care much, because I gave a false name, and 1 knew my wife couldn't find it out; but the very next morning I'll be eternally confused if that paper didn't have it all in, and my name, too.' ' Did your wife see it ?' '1 should say she did.' 'Did she make a fttss?' ' Fuss 1 Godfrey Elihu ! Are you married ?' Death loves a shining mark, but lighting prefers a Connecticut barn. Falstaff was religious — that is to say, Back-religious. 