The Trooper's Night Watch. A TALE OF THE AUSTRALIAN BUSH. THE following story, which strongly resembles an adventure related to us by a colonial trooper, whose experiences have been of an extremely wide and diversified character, is from the pages of Temple Bar:— On the edge of an Australian forest stood, some years ago, a crazy bush hut. No other human dwelling was visible to the eye from thence, the nearest neighbour being at least two miles distant. The hut stood by the side of a road which led to some of the inland townships, winding along beside the forest trees : a road freshly cleared, on which still cropped up here and there some treacherous root half hidden by the sod, or some gnarled and blackened stump, the ruin of some ancient tree. The spot had not much of beauty to allure the eye, except perhaps that vague, mysterious charm which lin- gers round forest scenery even of the most monotonous kind, as this was. It was not a cheerful place to choose for a home. Yet in the lonely hut lived two persons who were not her- mits nor haters of their kind. At all events they lived by their kind, for Dan and his wife Bell kept a small " shanty," or drinking shop, for the refreshment of such passers by as frequented the road-teamsters chiefly, or drovers guiding their flocks to market The hut, whose dimensions were of the humblest, was built of rough slabs clumsily fitted together, and was roofed with long strips of bark. It boasted but of two apartments, and an open shed attached to the back. The larger of the two was fitted up as a kind of rude bar, where liquors of the most execrable sort were vended, and usually consumed on the premises, to the detriment of the dusty, drouthy wayfarers. The other apartment, the only one which was provided with a fireplace, served at once the uses of parlour, kitchen, and sleeping chamber to the couple who called the shabby dwelling home. Truth compels the statement that they themselves, the chief personages of this veracious narrative, were singularly deficient in personal attractions ; nor was beauty of the mind in either of them more favourably developed than that of form. Dan was not one of whom his country had any signal reason to be proud. Whether, in the first instance, he had emigrated under com- pulsion at that country's cost, and for her good, is not matter of history ; but, if so, his appearance would not have belied his antecedents. His liquors were bad, and sometimes he took more of them than temperance permitted ; yet no worse crime than that of occasionally taking advantage of an easy customer, or a squabble with his better half, could be proved against him. So the teamsters would frequent his crazy shanty, and crack their jokes or smoke their pipes by the dim light of the tallow candles, till sleep drove them to their resting-place by the camp fire, under the waggon, " Big Bell," as Mrs. Dan Brown was familiarly called, was a formidable female, well able to fight her battles with the world in general, and with her husband in particular. She was the younger by some ten or twelve years ; tall and stout, with a countenance of most forbidding aspect, and might have been about forty years of age. Heavy masses of dark, ill- tended hair fell round a face which had once possessed a bold, coarse kind of beauty, but which was now disfigured by the traces of passion and intemperance. A repulsive face it was, though the great, dark eyes were still bright, for the expres- sion of the wide month and heavy jaw was all low and sordid. Such was the pair who. in the year 185-, lived in the slab hut on the forest's border. Here they had lived for several years, and though their quarrels were neither few nor secret, they still lived on together, and thought themselves, and were thought by others, to be no worse helpmates to each other than many hundreds of their fellow mortals, who con- trive to turn holy matrimony into a very stormy and unholy compact indeed. But on the life of man, and on his charac- ter, progress is written by the law of nature. There is no standing still. We progress towards maturity, or decline towards decay. Therefore it came to pass that, after years spent without any very apparent change, a crisis suddenly happened in the wedded life of Dan and Bell Brown, a crisis horrible and bloody, but not, unhappily, of unfrequent occur- rence. A quarrel had arisen between them, in which both displayed more than usual acrimony, and Bell defiantly left her husband to spend the evening in a carouse with a party of carters camping by the creek side, about a mile distant from the shanty. The tired bullocks, had been turned adrift to feed after the day's journey, or make tinkling music on the still air with the bells fastened around their wide necks. But tinkling bell or chirping cricket, or other sweet evening sound, fell unheeded on the ears of the wild group who marred with harsh laugh or coarse jest the stillness of nature. Dan followed the woman, and endeavoured to per- suade her to return with him, in vain : and when, in aggra- vation of his anger, she met him with jeering words, and the carters with blows, he left the camp in boundless fury, inwardly vowing to revenge himself on her who had brought upon him such insult and injury. Sullenly he crept home through the deepening darkness, with the rage and hatred growing in his heart as he reached the solitary hut. He would not permit himself to sleep, nor did he light a candle to beguile the time, as he sat keeping a horrible, relentless watch in the lonely dwelling among the melancholy trees, silent in the black darkness, lest she should guess his purpose, lest she should in any way be prepared for the dread watcher who awaited her with the thirst for revenge, if not indeed with murder in his heart. The hours wore slowly away, and still the wretched woman tarried, while the man sat on with remorseless patience which would have curdled the blood in her veins had she known it. She must have had some apprehension, however, for it was early morning before she ventured to return ; just in the grey, cold gloaming, while the shadows of night were slowly yielding to the dim advance of dawn, when she trusted to find Dan wrapped in deep slumbers. Gaining confidence in the stillness that enveloped her hut, she boldly crossed the threshold, but was met with a full welcome, like that with which the wild beast springs on its prey. Perhaps even then Dan did not intend the horrible sequel-perhaps ; but who can tell ? Who that gives passion a loose rein can presume to limit its flight ? From Dan Brown and his wife the guardian angel flew away affrighted when, at that still morning hour, in the dewy freshness of half-awakened nature, two wretched mortals closed together in the struggle which did not terminate till one lay lifeless on the eround. "While the fray was going on which was to end in murder, and while the fierce cries of rage and terror rose on the air, a teamster passed by with his waggon. He heard the hideous sounds, but passed on ; a man and wife were quarrelling no matter how deadly the feud might be, it was not his busi- ness, he thought ; so put forth no hand to help or save, and the tragedy had its course. What Dan may have felt when it was all over and the lifeless body lay at his feet, who shall say ? Whatever he might have thought or felt, however, did not affect his stolid face and demeanour. He made no attempt to fly from the spot, nor did he even take measures to conceal the deed from the eye of man. He only lifted the corpse from the ground and removed it, bleeding and ghastly as it was, to the shed at the back of the hut, where he let it lie. Then he went about his business as usual, serving the customers at his bar ; a little more surly and curt in his man- ner and words, perhaps, but evincing neither fear nor remorse at the thought of his crime. Suspicion was soon on the alert, however. The teamster, who with such marvellous apathy had " passed by on the other side," while help might have availed, did not fail to speak of the cries he had heard, as he went on his way, to those he met. The rumour flew swiftly among the scanty population of the neighbourhood, coupled with darker surmising. Customers came curious-eyed to peer out the mystery, and when Dan alone faced them, and no lingering availed to draw forth the familiar form of his part- ner from her chamber, suspicion grew to certainty, and mur- der was openly talked of. In the afternoon three mounted constables rode up, coming from different directions whither the news had spread, and stopped at the shanty, where they found Dan still behind his bar. He did not show much sur- prise or alarm at the visit of the officers of the law, though he guessed its import well enough ; nor when charged with the wilful murder of his wife did he attempt any denial of the accusation ; but, when asked what he had done with the body, with passive sullenness indicated the place where it lay. Dan, having admitted the crime, was taken prisoner, and it being necessary to remove him to a safe place of custody before nightfall, the constables cast lots to determine which of them should be left in charge of the corpse and the pre- mises, while the other two should convey the prisoner to the country "lock-up." The former naturally was not a pleasing office, for the afternoon was far advanced, and to many other- wise strong-minded persons there is a superstitious horror in the thought of a night alone with the dead. The lot fell on Trooper Callanane, a bold and fearless man, who had been engaged in many a hazardous capture, and who had never been found wanting in any task that required courage or energy ; but it must be confessed that even he did not con- template with any great satisfaction the prospect of the night to be spent in that lonely hut. His two comrades smiled con- tentedly at the lot which exempted them from an office neither was at all anxious to undertake; and, having handcuffed their man, took their leave, well pleased with the more active duty that had fallen to their share. Before they set off, however, the corpse was carried in from the open shed, where it lay grim and stark, in all the hideous dishonour of a violent death, exposed to the attacks of the savage native cats by which the place was infested. It was borne into the bed- chamber, where it was laid on the narrow stretcher, and com- posed to rest as decently as the rigid limbs would permit. The face was horrible to look at ; the fallen jaw broken, the skull battered with some heavy instrument, the eyes wide open with a glassy stare of never- dying fear and hatred-a dreadful face, which, once seen, must often come back to haunt the memory-a face, repulsive enough in life, but immeasurably more so in the deathly immobility in which there seemed no peace-disturbed still, though so pale, with the thick, matted hair hanging dishevelled around it, while the blood-stained, disordered garments hung loosely round the lifeless form. The officials of the law, well trained as they were to sights and scenes of various kinds, could not forbear a feeling of mingled disgust and horror as they laid the dead woman down. The husband gave a furtive glance at his handiwork, and, callous though he was, breathed more freely as they covered the body with a sheet, which veiled it from sight. ***** Trooper Callanane watched his comrades as they rode away with their prisoner, till they disappeared in the distance. Heavy stormclouds were rising rapidly with the wind, which moaned dolefully among the she-oaks. He stood and watched them as they gathered and darkened, folding the earth in a dull gray mantle of vapour. In the west the sun was sinking red and angry below the horizon, and between the gusts of wind came that sullen oppressive weight of stillness which is apt to be the forerunner of a violent storm. He lingered, reluctant to return to the polluted precincts of the hut ; but the setting sun warned him that the short twilight would soon be over, and that the night was creeping quickly on. A long night of darkness, face to face with only the dread presence within, was a possibility not pleasant to contemplate, and it was necessary by all means to make timely provision against such a trial. Accordingly the trooper went within and commenced a diligent search for candles, succeeding at length in discovering a few dingy, ill-strained, home-made tallow dips; sufficient, at all events, to ensure him against hours of darkness, peopled, perhaps, with the undefined images of fear which imagination conjures up. He next proceeded to make a fire in the chamber where the dead woman was laid, and where he must needs pass the night, not resting till he had provided himself with fuel enough to last till morning. These arrangements completed, he com- menced a somewhat hopeless search for any kind of literature wherewith to beguile the time. It was impossible, he felt, to touch either meat or drink in that loathsome place-the very thought of it seemed to sicken him, but he would gladly have alighted on some friendly author, whose pages might give pleasanter occupation to his thoughts than was afforded by the painful objects surrounding him. No such enlivening resource was at hand, however, and the only book he could find after careful search was an odd volume of the " Newgate Calendar," replete with narratives of crime and violence ; grimly appropriate, indeed, under the existing circumstances, but not a desirable or exhilarating subject to study at the particular time and place. However, with this the trooper was fain to be content, having no other choice. Before settling himself to its perusal, he went out of doors again to watch the fading light, and looked abroad on the intense, un- broken solitude of the scene, dreary now, and cheerless as mind could well conceive. Low, deep thunder was muttering with hollow, ominous sound in the distance, and great, single rain-drops fell heavily on the dusty road, while the trees swayed and creaked in the rising gale, and the shadows fell darkening round. Not a single human being was within sight or call ; not even the friendly bark of a dog or the sociable tinkle of the bullock bells was to be heard, for the teamsters had broken up their camps and gone forward on their way ; and the night threatened to be such as no man would care to face unless compelled by dire necessity. " Ugh ! " said Trooper Callanane to himself, as he shrugged his shoulders with a slight shiver, " a rare night we'll have of it. I wouldn't mind if the lot had come to one of those other fellows. But I'll just have to make the best of a bad job. It's piercing cold." With this soliloquy he went inside, closing the door behind him, and as philosophically as he might took up his position in the room where the murdered woman lay on the stretcher under the white sheet \--a more real chamber of horrors by far than that with which Madame Tussaud's heirs delight to fascinate and harrow our feelings. Taking possession of the least uneasy chair in the hut, he placed it by the fire with the guttering candle beside him. The room was small. One end was entirely taken up by a double bedstead with a dingy valance that had once been white ; at the other was the door leading into the bar. The fireplace extended along the greater part of one side, and on the opposite one was the stretcher with its motionless oc- cupant ;-so situated that, although the trooper tried to forget its presence by partly turning his back upon the ghastly figure, it still remained of necessity partly visible to his eye, as it could not fail to be to his mind. For, though he tried to look only into the crackling fire, he could not help seeing the white outline still, as it were with the corner of his eye. However, as a solace he lit his pipe, and sought for distraction in the greasy pages of the "Newgate Calendar." Meanwhile, the storm rose and increased in violence as the hours crept slowly on. The lightning flashed in weird, fitful brilliancy through the small unshuttered window, and the thunder pealed heavily overhead. It was a night which might have tempted the most misanthropic of men to seek the society of their kind-a night when most would have en- dorsed the maxim that man was not formed to be alone. Such would certainly have been Trooper Callanane's senti- ment had he been asked, as he sat there reading the description of horrid crimes, with the victim of a fresh crime lying close beside him, and with the angry voices of nature raging around, as though the wrath of heaven were let loose. He had sat there for some hours, when, feeling restless, he rose, and, leaving his candle on the rude mantelpiece, passed through the adjoining tap-room, and opening the front door looked out again into the night. The storm was at its climax. Darkness " that might be felt" alternated with the lurid brilliancy of the lightnings, which lit up with wild flashes the tall, dark trees, the flooded road, the glistening rain, and the gaunt black stumps. He stood for a while watching the spectacle in its wild grandeur, half fascinated, while the wind swept the driving rain into his face. A jagged chain of fire darted through the black cloud, and struck a tree close by with a report instantaneous and almost deafening. " By George ! " exclaimed the trooper, closing the door with an involuntary start, as the peal crashed and rolled away into the distance, succeeded by another vivid flash, '' by George, that's blinding ! " He had felt a necessity to speak, but his voice sounded odd and unnatural as it fell unanswered on the air and was borne away by the angry chorus of the elements. Fastening the bolt of the rickety door to prevent its being blown open, he returned to his dismal post. Heaping up fresh logs on the fire, he sat down again to peruse the grisly records of the "Newgate Calendar," puffing vigorously away at his com- forting pipe. What an interminable night it seemed. It was hardly more than midnight yet. "Heigh-ho," sighed the trooper, "the morning is a long time coming." It was very dull, very dreary, and he never remembered having spent so long a night. His eyes were bent over the book in his hand, yet, as has been mentioned before, he could, without positively turning his head towards it, see the dim, white outline of the corpse. After a while, it seemed to him as he sat thus as though there were a slight movement under the white sheet which covered the shattered form. He turned sharply round with a sudden contraction of the heart, and with an undefinable thrill which he could not suppress; for he thought of the broken jaw, of the dreadful glazed eyes, and knew that life could not possibly linger in that body. He looked, but all was still ; the rigid outline was lying motionless as before under the white folds. " A fancy," the trooper said to himself ; " a most ridiculous fancy. How could it move? Oue grows fanciful on a night like this." He took up his book, and blew fresh puffs from his pipe; but the fancy, ridiculous as he called it, lingered strangely still in his mind ; and his sidelong glance in- voluntarily wandered, ever aud auon, half furtively from the study in which he fain would have kept his thoughts en- grossed, to the Thing on the narrow stretcher. Presently he started again. Surejy, surely it moved this time, or his eyes had strangely deceived him. He threw himself back in the chair, and, letting the book fall on his lap, sat with his head turned towards the corpse, and his eyes steadily fixed upon it. Yes-there it was ; but quite rigid, as it seemed, and motionless. The trooper knew that it was preposterous to think otherwise. "You are a fool, Trooper Callanane," he said to himself when, after a prolonged gaze of keenest scrutiny, he failed to detect the slightest movement under the white sheet ; " this sort of thing will never do. I suppose my eyes are growing dizzy over this confounded book, and with the dim guttering light, too. It's a rare slow job I have got into, and I wish it were morning. " With this reiterated wish he set himself to resume his studies, slightly altering his position, however, so as to keep the body the better under observation. Perhaps he might have dozed a little, for after a time he became aware that the fire was burning rather low. As he was stooping down to replenish it, his arm was arrested by a sudden start of horror, for again he thought he saw the white sheet heaving, and a slight rustle was audible through the stillness. He sat like one paralyzed for a moment, staring at the dread object, which, as though to mock him now lay motionless as before. " It did move," the constable said with a gasp ; " I'm hanged if it didn't." Irresolute still, he waited to see whether there would be any repetition of the movement, half inclined still to believe that his overwrought imagination had deceived him. " And yet," he thought, " 'tis odd-I was never given to that sort of thing before, and sure I've seen many a shocking sight in my lifetime too." Suddenly it occurred to him, with quite a new thrill of awe, that, motionless as the figure was lying now, its position was certainly changed from what it had been when it was placed on the stretcher. The arms had been extended at its sides ; he remembered that perfectly.' Now, horrid sight ! there was a marked elevation on the chest, as if the arms had been raised and folded across. Good heavens ! what could it mean ? Could that woman be alive yet ? " Impossible ! impossible I" he said to himself with a shudder. Presently, as he gazed, slowly, but very perceptibly, the sheet rose high above the breast, it looked as though the hands were uplifted in an unsuccessful attempt to cast aside the sheet ; then as though from failing strength, they seemed to shake and quiver, and to fall back prone and exhausted on the breast, and then the body lay still as before. The trooper looked, and gasped. He started to his feet, and, seizing the flaring candle, was at the bedside in two or three hasty strides. He stooped over the figure with a moment's natural hesitation before unveiling it, and thought he could detect a faint rise and fall, as though feeble respira- tion were going on underneath. He seized hold of the sheet with agitated hand; but as he did so the candle was suddenly knocked out of his hand and extinguished as it fell to the ground, while something, he could not guess what, seemed to brush past him in the darkness. To say that he was not panic-stricken for a minute or two would not be true, but Trooper Callanane's nerves were strong, and rose to the occasion. Groping his way back to the expiring fire, he felt for the grim companion of his solitude, the Newgate Calen- dar. He tore a few pages from the cover, and having kindled them at the embers, he succeeded in discovering and re- lighting the fallen caudle. Grasping it securely, and holding it high for fear of further accidents, he once more approached the couch where the murdered woman lay, and having with wary hand lifted up the sheet, he looked in her face. Dead? Oh! heavens ! who could look on that face so livid, so horribly set, and doubt for one instant that it was dead ? He touched the brow ; it had the icy chill of death. And the arms, which he felt certain that he had seen so lately folded across the breast,they were lying cold and stiff by her side. He touched the breast, and started again to find it warm, Bewildering mystery ! What did it mean ? Baffled in the highest degree, with all his natural good sense strongly combating the idea of any supernatural solution of the difficulty, the constable looked vainly around him, from the stretcher to the floor, to the ceiling for an explanation. Nothing there ; only silence around him, only a faint crackle on the hearth or a low mutter of thunder in the distance. Not a single living thing seemed between the dead woman lying there and himself, her living guard. With a shudder of repulsion he replaced the sheet over the disfigured face of the dead. Suddenly his eyes fell on the valance surrounding the double bed at the end of the room. The folds hung low, touching the ground. Half mechanically he strode towards it, and stooping to lift the valance, looked underneath, as he carefully shaded his candle. Some- thing was there. A pair of red, gleaming eyes, shining like fiery coals, glared at him viciously ; and with a sudden bound, and a hissing, spluttering sound, a black cat, with tail erect and bristling fur, sprang out from its hiding-place. The trooper hastily retreated before the irate and frightened animal, and burst into a fit of loud and prolonged laughter, which sounded strange and harsh in the lonely hut with its dead mistress. It was unseemly, the trooper felt, that laugh in the presence of the dead, but he could not help it, the revulsion of feeling was so great, the solution of all his awful speculations so comical. For he could guess easily enough, now, how it had been. The cat, a half-wild creature, had doubtless formed a member of that rough household circle. It had not been in the hut, he was quite sure, when he first took up his dreary post, and when the presence of any animated creature would have been acceptable ; but it must have crept in unperceived, while he had been standing in the doorway, intent on watch- ing the storm. Probably the old stretcher-bed might have been the nightly resting-place to which puss had directed his steps as usual ; perhaps he had been looking for his mistress, and recognising her, even in death, had taken up his old place on her lap. Everything was. explained now. The cat, creeping in under the sheet, had laid down to rest on the dead woman's breast, and had lent to the lifeless form the transient warmth which had so greatly perplexed the con- stable ; the mysterious movements under the white cloth had, it was evident, been occasioned by no other agency, and the trooper laughed again as he thought how it had thrilled through his heart when hands had seemed to be raised underneath, for he knew now it had been puss turning in his sleep, and stretching his arched back before he composed himself to a fresh nap. And the living touch that had met him, and had left him standing in the dark with the half raised sheet in his hand-"It was you, my friend, was it?" the trooper said, still laughing, as he eyed his brute com- panion. But the black cat looked up in no laughing mood, if cats might even be supposed to relax their dignity so far. It sat glaring at him with a most vindictive expression of countenance, as though it meditated a spring-a creature not to be trifled with as it sat there at bay, in mortal terror of the strange man on the premises. So, as it was evidently determined to be aggressive, the trooper thought it might be best not to detain the angry brute longer than was necessary. Taking up his candle, he slipped through the tap- room, and, holding open the door of the hut, stood cautiously aside to let it pass. The cat was quick to seize the chance of escape, and flew past him into the dark night with a parting hiss and splutter of direct menace. The trooper closed the door and returned to his post. He looked at his watch : it was half-past one. "The small hours have come, and ghost- time is past," he said to himself with a grin. By-and-by he fell asleep, and awoke cold, and hungry, as the grey morning light streamed into the desolate, disordered chamber. He smiled as he remembered the sensations of the night, but rejoiced to think that the vigil was over. During the course of the day the inqirest was held on the premises, and he was released from his watch. Dan was tried and found guilty, but the jury would not agree to bring in a verdict for murder, as undoubtedly it should have been. The verdict " Manslaughter " saved his life, and Dan was committed to prison and hard labour for a long term of years. However, the sentence was subsequently commuted, and Dan regained his liberty, and may perhaps be flourishing still among new scenes and surroundings. The "shanty" found no other human occupants. Owls hooted out their melancholy notes from under the eaves at night, and native cats and opossums disputed the premises and fought many a desperate battle for absolute possession. For a time the black cat would creep in from day to day, seeking vainly for food and warmth by the deserted hearth, but ultimately it took altogether to the woods, where it lived thenceforth by the chase. The hut was popularly supposed to be haunted ; hence no benighted wayfarer would have sought even tem- porary shelter under its crumbling roof, and after a few years fall absolutely to ruin. 