A REGULAR DOLEFUL BALLAD FOUNDED ON FACTS. DEDICATED TO A VERY RECHERCHE COTERIE. NOTE.—The subjoined exquisitely mournful, nay almost tragic, or at any rate semi-melodramatic narration of heart-rending events; events that have, alas, but too truly occurred, has been specially adapted, by a prosy, common- place democrat, to the doubly-distilled superlatively superfine sensibilities and patented susceptibilities of the ami- able, much-beloved, and never-to-be- sufficiently admired Toorakian section of the illiterate plutocracy, aristoc- racy, and fashionocracy of the Victo- rian community. DRAMATIS PERSONÆ. JOHN SNOBKINS ESQ.—Formerly but- cher, baker, publican, bill-sticker, and bill-discounter. Now a mighty squatter, a mammothian acred lord of the soil, a revered member of the "wealthy lower orders," and a dweller in the blissful regions of Toorak. JAMES SNOBKINS, ESQ.—Only son of the above, and sole heir to the vast paternal estates. He is a youth who is eminently fond of brandy, of in- discriminate flirtation, of his own sweet will, aud sweet Polly Brown. MRS. SNOBKINS.—Formerly lady's maid in the "fast o' fam'lies as is fam'lies, mum, in Hingland." Now wife to "Mr. John Snobkins, Hes- quire" and mother of "Mr. Jeemes." This female paragon of domestic virtues is, in her rather extensive circle, an authority on all matters concerning etiquette; and as her husband is "'disgustingly rich," she is not only reverenced and wor- shipped at a distance by a very large army of obsequious shopkeepers and and a crowd of women poorer than herself, but she even sets the fashion among her fawning toadies in petty meannesses, vindictiveness, and self- sufficient feminine bumptiousness. MARY BROWN.—The adored of James Snobkins, and a virtuous, though a fickle maiden. She is an esteemed yet humble purveyor of sacharinic delicacies to many of those unkempt and unshod youths of Melbourne who have their abode in the Chinese quarter at the rear of the Theatre Royal. POLICEMEN, Doctors, Butcher-boys, Warders, Cabbies, &c.; LEADER OF THE ORCHESTRA. BALLARAT JOE. Young Jim Snobkins wooed Miss Brown, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray, Who kept a lolly shop in town, Ritol-de- riddle-ol-deray. He vowed that in her he desired All he wished for in his bride, To which Miss Polly Brown replied, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. Now Jimmy's mother, you must know, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray, Were sich as 'ated all things low, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. So she did her level best to stop Jim's marriage with this lolly shop, And paid the "pleece" on him to pop, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. To lock up this most luckless gent, Ritol-de-riddle- ol-deray, Two medicos to him were sent, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. And when to Jimmy they did come— Insane he was, they said, by gum, And packed him off to an a-sy-lum, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. As snored that night his purse-proud ma, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray, A ghost sneaked in and groaned, Ha! Ha! Ritol- de-riddle-ol-deray, Till you give Jim his libertee, Every night, 'twixt two and three, You'll see a phantom grim like me, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. Then the spectre vanished in blue flame, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray; But again next night at three it came, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. Now when away that it had gone, Up rose in bed and spoke old John: This game, my dear, must not go on, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. The lady cried, Mr. Snobkins choose, Ritol-de- riddle-ol-deray, Atwixt them Browns and them there Blues, Ritol-de-riddle-ol- deray; The visits of the ghost shant drop, I'd sooner it with us should stop Than Jim should wed with a lolly shop, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. Recks not true love, asylum bars, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray, Young Jim Snobkins laughed at scars, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray; When not a warder was near about, Up through a chimney Jim crept out, And slid to the ground by a waterspout, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. He rushed to find his Polly Brown, Ritol-de-riddle- ol-deray, And flung to cabby a bran new crown, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. The wheels spun round, away he flew To Little Bourke-street onety-two, And shouted, Polly where are you? Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. But closed was the shop, and all was still, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray, The poor youth then felt rather ill, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. To a butcher's boy he yelled and said, Oh! tell me quick, pray is she dead? Young cleaver shrieked, No; mar-ri-ed, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. If this be true then, Jimmy groaned, Ritol-de- riddle-ol-deray, My fate is much to be bemoaned, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. So a dose of strychnine now I'll take, But first of all my will I'll make, And say I'm defunct for Polly's sake. Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. This fearful threat he carried out, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray, And on a nail both long and stout, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray, He fixed a rope, which his throat around He coiled, but 'twas too slack he found, So he fell sprawling on the ground, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. His senses came back to him then, Ritol-de-riddle- ol-deray, Says he, I will not swing again, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray; For Mr. James Snobkins, dear sir, As Poll another doth prefer I will not hang now after her, Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. Now Polly, again, to lollies went, Ritol- de-riddle-ol-deray, For her husband all her profits spent, Ritol-de-riddle-ol- deray; And he beats and kicks her ev'ry night When he comes home, both late and tight; And Jimmy's now his ma's delight. Ritol-de-riddle-ol-deray. BOB CATTNACH, JUNIOR, Late of the Seven Dials Drury Lane, London 