BRUi: HEN;. '. (Fttbjt Otrli OWN CORRESPONDENT.) n !!:i ' 28th July. -Justice isa.funny being. Ho is as erratic as a, fickle woman; or as changeable as the wind. t)ne time, he rushes to the extreme north, at another to the remote south j at tlie next turn he goes neitlier liorth, south, east nor west, but stops, Anil in tlie dilemma makes a great mis take. . Wo hail an example of "uneven handed Justice" iii our district last week. The man who acted the murderer in the Wy Yung tragedy was sent to rellect for three years oii stone walls and prison bars, whilst a poor half cracked fellow, who, by a clear mistake on his part, branded two calves which he thought belonged to him, was put away from society aud his farm yard pets for five years. .From these two " premises" one might aonclude or draw the following corol lary i-" Kill your neighbour, but do not touch his calves.". ... I had a rare adventure the otlier day: I went out with ft friend shooting oiii the bauks of the Tauibo and Lake Toulon; As the poets say, the day was bright, and the fair sun cast hi j effulgent light on' glen, and copse, and hill, lighting here and tinting there the many wattles, aud lofty guir.s, etc;, etc. We had travelled about a mile practising as we went on the parrots which swarm iu the thistles on the flat. We had bagged forty; when coining to a well known bend in the river, we approached cautiously to surprise any ducks that might be studying nature from a snag or old gum tree root. We were success ful j when I say we, I mean my friend was, for lie got four ducks out of sijt in one shot. I had baiiged away nearly two poiinds of shot and a quantity of ponder, and had secured only one parrot, and this now I believe fell dead from fright, and not from the weight of lead. It ap peared I shut the wrong eye, and thin when I took aim with my left eye, the guu being on my right shoulder, I was about ten feet off the ob ject I intended to hit. Of course I was disgusted with my skill," and turned homeward. As we followed tlie course of the river, talking over matters, we came to a fclump of ferns, round which was a path ou either side; my friend went to tlie right, I to the left. Before I had goue aik varda up Jumped a cow, aud made straight for me. I gave a kind of blackfellow yell, and rushed forward, while my friend said, Look out, old flick, she'll have you." I stopped for a moment, turned round, cocked my guu, aud tired over her head; but on she came without fear, her horus in a line with my bread aud pro vision depot. I. seemed to be mesmerised. With my legs well apart, the gun grasped in my right haud, by the stock. I waited the charge. Raising the weapon like if in a dream 'I swung it round my head, and dealing the brnte a tremendous blow betweeu the horns, ac companied by a loud "ugh !" I escaped a most unpleasant introduction iu the region of my vest. My friend also stood transfixed, but as soon as the danger was passed he laughed up roariously. I could not see where the laugh came in at all, although he assured me the scene was as good as a pantomime, and that I was a fit picturo for Hamlet's ghost. The guu was ruined. The stock aud ramrod were shattered, the barrels were bent almost like a V, and the lefthandonewassplitthree inches down. WhenI recovered my senses I made for the nearest feuce aild kept close to the panels till I reached the main road. As I have knocked off shooting, Considering the exercise too exhilarating, I will sell the "cow" gun cheap. 1 warrant it to fire round eorners. Owing to the great failure in the wheat aud oats last yoar, occasioned by the caterpillars, farmers are busy arranging their ground fur maize. The ground iu the locality is good for a huudred bushels to tlie acre, aud it would pay a farmer here to cultivate maize aud fatten swine. Pig farming is one of the most lucrative sources iu Gippsland. Pigs are fed. Milk, maize, first-class grass and pota toes are the main articles of food. Our landlord killed three grunters the other day, and they turned the scales at 375, 350, aud 280 lbs. respectively. Bacon is cheap selling at Gd per lb. Some of the farmers have from 500 to 2,000 wild pigs, which live principally iu the fern couutry; tlie difference between dairy aud " natural " fed bacon is very great. The former is firm and tender, the latter is coarse and strong tasted. The weather is modest, neither too wet nor too dry. To-day thousands of trees, I dare say, have been uprooted. The telegraph line between here anil Baimsdale is down for half a mile, no less than six large trees haying been bl»wn on the wires. The Post and Telegraph office has been moved about a mile west of its eld position. As I have previously telegraphed and explained, the office was in great dauger of being swept away. The removal was a matter of necessity but the in spector aud line repairer could uot agree as to the precise locality. The former thought that a mile west would render the office safe, while the operator maintained that the buildings should be placed on the hill immediately over looking the Pacific. The iuspector had his way. The office was moved, aud it is now iu danger again, for a new entrance has opened opposite Laughton'a hotel, and the waves are dashing within ten feet of the flagstaff fiom which signals are made to vessels at sea. The entrance is a very wonderful place, and I must try aud give your readers a description of its formation and present position. 