SPOKTING H0TES. 1 One of the most important days to racing H men is that of Tuesday next, when so many I rich and valuable stakes to be decided on fl the respective courses of the Victoria Rama fl Club, Hawkesbury i Race Club, Geeki fl Racing Club, and Australian Jockey Club | are to be attended to. The respective secie- fl taries have spared no time, trouble, or ex. | pense in placing the conditions of the varioll fl stakes prominent! y before the sporting public! fl and if eligible animals for such events as the\ fl Melbourne Cup, Hawkesbury Handicaps fl Metropolitan Stakes, besides ail the young' \ I sters' races of the various clubs, are I fl omitted to be entered, the blame will rest ; I upon the shoulders of those whom this fl omission will more immediately affect. The I conditionsof the V.R.C., A. J.C., G.R.C.,and fl H.R.C. events can be found in oar adver- I tising columns, and, for the last time, we fl once more direct the attention of owners oi fl horses to them. fl The Wyndham Racing Club brought off a fl very successful meeting on Friday, the 21st fl inst., and as the officials are by this time fl quite an fait in the discharge of their duties, fl the day's sport passed off in a very pleasant fl manner. Rover, who was unfortunately fl killed on the following Monday, shoved fl what a really good animal he was over the fl sticks by winning the Hurdle Race withthe fl crusher of list, but it was thought by a fl large number of persons at the time that he fl owed his victory in a great measure to the fl riding of Heywood, which the after running fl of Nullah would almost seem to prove. Rat fl useful mare, Prattle, landed a good stake for fl her owner, Mr. Whittingham, iu the Wer- fl ribee Park Handicap ; but had Rawdon been fl ridden a little more judiciously, the race fl might have had a different termination. Still, fl as he afterwards appropriated the Wyndham n Handicap, the followers of Morrison's stable fl had very little cause to complain. Austin fl Elliott showed the family turn of speed in fl the Maiden Plate before he fell, but he does fl not shape like a stayer ; and Sea Serpent up- fl set a great pot in Patter, who won a race at H Kensington Park some time ago. Every one H was glad to see Don Silva, ridden by bis fl popular owner, Mr. J. O. Inglis, victorious in fl the Selling Stakes, and though Ace of RunP fl jumped very badly in the Steepleehase, still, fl as all the others made mistakes, he came fl home an easy winner by any distance. Re fl public had a great throw-in for once ; and» fl a proof of how eagerly all the " good things fl were backed, it may be mentioned that not- fl withstanding there were eight starters in tne fl Steeplechase, as short a price as 6 tc i, an fl in some cases even money, was taken abon fl Ace of Trumps. The club have made a numl )er fl of improvements to the course, since tne fl last meeting, and in time it will be one fl the most popular out of Melbourne, as i fl so easyof access by means of the railway. fl On Thursday, the 20th inst., tbe ft® M annual sale of the Fulham yearlings fl held at the stud farm, Adelaide, M®- fl Parr officiating as auctioneer, when w fl 100 gentlemen interested in racing W fl their way to Mr. Blackler's, am05? I being a number of visitors _ The six lots submitted brought 710 go"1 which gave an average of L124 5s., ?? highest price was realised by Annie JJ 1 a chesnut filly by Winterlake fro® R p 9 by Lord Clifden, who was purchased by ' 9 John Pile for 250 guineas. . , a 9 Purchasers cf blood stock are rem 9 that the sale of the Lindenow ftno 9 place at Kirk's Bazaar at 12 o clock on day next. Amongst tbe forty-five lte j 9 submitted are some highly-bred hors mares, for which there will doub' 61 9 keen competition by buyers for tbe fl market. 9 A race-meeting will take place at iv fl ton Park this afternoon, and as tbe 0f fl been no races at that suburban p fl amusement for some time, doub ties fl will be a large attendance of the w fl the , sport. jeCided 9 The annual Dunolly races will be fl on Wednesday next, and as all tn©. fl have secure remarkably good en 'kj® I meeting is deserving of every patronage fl the sporting community. . H Few men were better known or 1,101 9 dock, v and his numerous trainf 'xdll reirefc to hear that he died at his Ftemington early|on the morning resign0® f illness which had of Saturday last, » Sdock came to this colony from Adelaide and very soon took high rank in l8o3, training celebrities of the day, TfS SccSL »f »nv note being with his nrs Koiardo, whom he steered to BaCDin such evente as the Derby of 1862 V1j i Jcer of 1S63, and also rode him when he « the Champion Race of 1 863, beating such W? hrities as Talleyrand, Zoe, and Mormon, c r«on was an undoubtedly good performer, amongst other first-class performances, f'Tn the Australian Cup of 1863, imd ,;f that time Waldock was in the zenith success, as he also trained Banker, the erofthe Melbourne Cup of that year. 7+ would occupy too much space to trace his IrUt as a trainer and jockey, whica has extended over so many years, but racing men ormnt vet have forgotten that he nearly Sniiffht off a coup with Queen of Hearts in 57 when she ran second to Tim Whiffier for that year's Melbourne Cup. Of late- ears Waldock has been identified with Lch horses as Bordeaux, Coongoola, Blazes, Kilmany, Fitzroy, and Studley, with some S which he achieved a fair amount of success, but advanced years and increased infirmities \--evented the old veteran taking an active !jart in their training, and thus his name has not lately figured with any prominence in the racing records of the past few years. As master of the Flemington and Melbourne hounds, poor Waldock was deservedly es teemed, and whether as a trainer, jockey, or in his private capacity, so neat and attentive was he to his attire, that be was universally known as "natty Sam Waldock." Take him for all in all, he was a good all-round sportsman, and the best proof of his personal popularity is afforded in the fact that, although the day was very unpropitious, upwards of 200 gentlemen followed his remains to their last resting place on Sunday afternoon last. It is rumoured on what appears to be pretty good authority that Sea Serpent ear ned considerably more weight than she was entitled to do in the Maiden Plate at the Wyndham races, but that the circum stance escaped the notice of the officials until . It was too late to be remedied. Messrs. M'Collocb, Campbell, and Co. report having sold privately the well-known racehorse Arraboe to Mr. T. S. Douglas. The Melbourne Hunt Club provided a capital days sport for their patrons on Mon day last, and it seems a great pity there were not more persons present to witness it. The Hurdle Race produced one of the most inte resting contests of that class we have had for some time. As foretold in these columns last week, Nullah proved the win ner ; but had Rover not fallen and broken his neck, it is difficult to say how the race would have ended, as on their running at Wyndham Nullah and Rover must have finished very close together. Rover was one of the best hurdle racehorses we have had on the turf for some time, but a number of his successes are due to the admirable manner in which he has been trained and ridden for his respective engagements by the Messrs. Heywood, and it is to be hoped that before long Rover's straight-going owner, Mr. W. B. Gill, and the Messrs. Heywood will be able -to find as equally a game and good auimal to fill his place. In the Hurdle Race referred to, the two greys, Norma and Newmarket, ran like racehorses ; but when Nullah went to the front a quarter of a mile from home, the issue was never in doubt, and leaving aside Rover, there is every reason to believe that the best horse won. Something like half a dozen horses were backed for the Queen's Birthday Stakes, but Dollar came out again like a racehorse, and though Diomed and Prattle struggled home very gamely, neither of them had the ghost of a chance at the finish with the speedy and much- improved son of Lamp lighter and Dollar, who was backed by the owner and his friends to win a handsome stake. The Steeplechase was a farce, as only three horses, two of which met mis- . haps, camelto the post ; and old Greystanes, who seems to yet retain some pace, had thus an easy victory. Any chance, however, that Ace of Trumps might have had was thrown away by his rider using too small a saddle, as several times his feet were out of the stirrups, and when the Ace touched the fence in the training ground, Floyd was fairly shot out of the saddle, but for which circum stance he might have beaten the old grey home for pace. Mr. Inglis's old favourite, Don Silva, proved that his victory at Wyndham was no fiuke, as he fairly romped home for the Corinthian Cup, and as the backers took as short a price as 6 to 4 about Dollar, the books had thus a much-needed throw-in; but had Morning Star managed to scramble home first, the result would have been still more gratifying to them. Rifle man was all the rage for the last event of the day, the Flying Stakes ; bnt, somehow or other, a whisper got abroad about Puff, a likely-looking daughter of the English Leger winner, Hawthornden, and Zephyr, who was trained by Mr. J. Wilson, of St. Albans, and ridden by the tiny jockey rejoicing in that name. The stable, so rumour hath it, was not on, but a number of backers were, and as the filly fairly ran away with the race, the bookmakers thus had another time au tne worst of it Haidee of the Hills and Beadsman finished well at the right end, but once Puff went to the front it was any odds on j her ; and this terminated what was universally said to be a good day's sport. Very little more need be said in connection "with the meeting, but, considering that it was conducted under the management of a Hunt Club, it seems rather an anomaly that the three flat races on the programme should be run at such spurting distances as three- quarters of a mile and half a mile. The general opinion of old racing men was that, at the very least, one of the races — the Corinthian Cup, for instance — should have been fixed for a longer distance— that is, if the club have any desire to improve our pre sent class of hunters ; and possibly the com mittee will tear our friendly suggestion in mind when they frame their next year's programme. conditions of the AJ.C, Metropolitan Stakes and Maiden Plate fall he found m our advertising ; columns, and are framed upon the same liberal scale of previous years. As the entries for the Metrop. close on Tues- day next, it may be as wen to remind owners of horses that it is a handicap sweepstakes of £20 each, £5 forfeit, or £1 if declared by Wednesday, the 14th July, with £350 added - the second horse to receive £50 and the third horse £20 from the prize, It will thus be observed that owners can see the handicap for the small cost of £1, and as the stake is a very valuable one, this cannot fail to have the effect of inducing a very large entry The racing xm the old Adelaide course this week has been .of a more than usually in teresting nature to sporting men in this colony from the fact that so many Victorian horses took part in the various events, but it is a subject for much regret that the weather was somewhat unpropitious, as the course was thereby rendered very heavy, which must have made some difference in the result of several of the races. Mr. Sam. Martin's im proving Derby colt Trevallyn, by Gemma di Vergy from Young Emily, landed another race for his owner in the Trial Handicap and if this fine colt trains on he will be terribly hard to heat for such engagements as the V.R.C. Derby m the coming spring. An old Victorian celebrity in Camel, formerly in Mr. Filgate's stable, easily appropriated the Hurdle Race ; and the followers of the St. Albans stable must have received a facer when Rivalry, with somewhat the best of the weights, disposed of the "uncertain" Caspian in the Adelaide Stakes. Hie uncer tainty of horse racing was exemplified in connection with Pawnbroker in the Park Handicap, as in the first race of the day he could not get a place, but saddling up again he defeated the unlucky Monarque for that event. It is always pleasing to see the best horse. win, but Long has lately been so un fortunate with Monarque that no one would have begrudged seeing him have a winning turn with the son of Irish Ring and Etoile du Soir. According to all accounts, the course on the second day must have been very heavy' going, and the first race of any importance to our readers was the Nursery Stakes, which fell to Mr. H. G. Bowler's Britannia, with the speedy Dela- mere and Colonist next ; and then came the Cup, which brought ten competitors to the post. Lord Harry and Banter maintained their positions in the betting to the last, while "the little grey" Savanaka had few friends, and, as the result proved, these three had the placed positions between them. Banter seems to have won pretty easily at the end, but when it is remembered that Lord Harry gave him 161b, and " little Sava." no less than 241b, it must be admitted that neither of them has any reason to be ashamed of his defeat. Had the ground been good going, Savanaka would have been ter ribly hard to beat, and as " the stable" seemed to fancy the chance of Caspian most, it is not at all unlikely that "the little grey" was not wound up to concert pitch." On the horses returning to scale it was found that. Banter was 2flb over weight, but as, according to racing law, all horses are allowed 21b over? he was thus only the 12oz. over weight. There was a regular hubbub at once, and Mr. Loughlin, the owner of the second lorse, immediately protested, but the stew ards awarded the race to Banter, on the ground that the rain and mud had caused the over weight. Mr. Loughlin immediately served the stewards with a written notice not to pay over the stakes, and of coarse, under the circumstances, the layers and takers of odds took whatever view of the decision that suited them. Enos, well known a| Flemington, won 1;he Suburban Plate, and Miss Coy the Flying Stakes, which terminated what must have ieen a very, eventful as well as exciting day. The Adelaide Racing Club appear to have aeen very fortunate on the last day of their meeting, as the weather was fine, attendance fair, and the sport first- class. Mr. Bowler appears to have a very useful filly in Bri tannia, a daughter of the imported John Bull ;and the grey mare Formosa dam of Melita), who won the Two and Three Year Old Han dicap very cleverly, but was very leniently treated by the handicapper. Banter, the lero of the Birthday Cup, won the Corinthian Cup after a desperate finish with the well- mown black horse Electricity, by The Barb j!rom Modesty, formerlyfin Mitchell's stable ; and as the winner was only giving him 91b, t would appear as if Electricity was coming iaek to his three-year-old form. A large field came to the post for the Steeplechase, and Planet, who was a great favourite in Melbourne, appears to have been out of it jv hen they had gone half a mile, and the winner turned up in Turpin, well known in this colony, Timberoo being second, and an old Victorian in Warrior third. Mr. Jeilett had a winning turn at last, as Filibuster, by Panic from Phillis (the dam of Nancy and Portrait), won the City Handicap, after a desperate race with Pawnbroker and the un lucky Monarque, 'and the running of "the Buster " in that race shows there were some grounds for the confidence reposed in him for the Birthday Cup. The S. A. Advertiser says : — " Another dis puted point is likely to arise from last Tues day's racing, because Britannia, the winner of the Nursery Stakes, was described in her nomination-paper as a grey colt instead of a filly, and allotted 8st 101b instead of 8st 71b." The settling over the late Adelaide races will take place at the Victorian Tattersall's rooms on Monday next. Telegraphic accounts tof hand inform u the Mudgee (N.S.W.) Queen's Birthday Meeting was a fairly successful one, and that the principal event, the Mudgee Handicap, was won by Mr. Rouse's Retrospect, with Penrith second, and an old .acquaintance in .The Dean third, the two miles being run in 3min. 42sec. The Adelaide papers state that 9,700 people paid for admission, to the course on the first day. of the Adelaide Racing Club .Queen's Birthday Meeting, and that the takings at the gate amounted to L750. A telegram from N e w Zealand states that The Aaent, by Oliver Cromwell, won the New Zealand Grand National Steeplechase. The English Derby was decided on Wed nesday last, and a cablegram on Thursday afternoon informed us that the second of this season's great English classic races had been bone away by the Duke of Westminster's handsome Bend Or by Doncaster from Rouge Rose), with Robert the Devil (by Bertram from Cast Off) second, and Mask (by Carnival from Meteor) third, the noble owner of the winner thus being recouped for the dis appointment he experienced in the last Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, when he ran second to Petronel with Muncaater, is son of Doncaster and Windermere. Hie result of the " Darby " has thus borne out the correct ness of the two-year-old running, as Bend Or proved himself to be one of the best colts of that season, having won the only five big races he started for, and beaded the list of winning two-year-olds with the handsome sum of L5,630. Robert the Devil also proved himself to be a very good colt, as he appro priated the only two races in which he ran, and the amount to his credit at the end of last season was L2, 279. Mask, who laboured under the suspicion of being a non-stayer, started Ifive times, was only beaten twice, and, thanks to such events as the July Stakes, he won no less than L4,140. Thus it will be seen that the placed horses iq the Derby came from the tried division ; and as Bend Or has been first favourite at such a short price as 4 to 1 for the last six months, the bookmakers must have had a long way the worst of the figures. Robert the Devil was also supported down to 7 to 1, and Mask at 100 to 6 ; and, judging by the manner in which the race terminated, the speculative British public were not far out in their opinion of the Derby horses. Doubtless, it will be remembered that the Duke of West minster gave the long price of L14,000for Doneaster for stud purposes, and the running of Muncaster in the Two Thousand, and Bend Or's two-year-did as well as Derby running, showed that the Duke made no mis take when he purchased Stockwell's son, Don caster, at such a stiff figure. All who take an interest in English racing will of course recol lect that Doncaster won the Derby of 1873, in which Gang Forward (now in Adelaide) and Eaiser ran a dead heat, and that be also ran second to his stable companion, Marie Stuart, for the Doncaster St. Leger of 1873. As Gang Forward, like Doncaster, is also by the " emperor of stallions," Stockwell, the late running of Bend Or and Muncaster augurs well for the success of the horses that Sir Thomas Elder, of South Australia, has specially bred for the purpose of trying con clusions in such events as the English Derby with the best representatives of the old country. Messrs. M'CulIoch, Campbell, and Co. offered a number of jumping horses for sale yesterday at Kirk's Bazaar, but the only one that changed hands was old Momalong, who was sold to Mr..Heatbcote for 31 guineas. The Newcastle (N.S.W.) races on the same day were of a more pretentious character, and we notice that the highly-bred Creswick, by Yattendon from Q.E.D., won the Maiden Plate, and that Mr. T. Ivory's Master Avenel (7st 91b), by Julian Avenel, won the Shorts Handicap, one mile, beating Sunlight (9st), Rosebud (7st 5lb), and eight others, in Imin. 46sec. The Newcastle Handicap of L100, one mile and three- quarters of a mile, fell to Jester, by Maribyrnong from Nellie (3 yrs, 6st 41b), beating Recherche (7st)f Avalanche (6st 101b), and four others, in 3min. 17£sec. ; and Mr. Forbes's Janitor won the Two-year- old Stakes, beating amongst ten others Richmond Rose and Creswick. The annual Brisbane races took place on Saturday and Monday last, when The Barber, by The Barb, won the- Moreton Handicap on the first day, with the well-known performers Sydney and Orphan second and third, in the fast time, for a mile and a half, of 2min. 43£sec. Major, by the imported Drum. Major, won the City Handicap, Olivia and Satirist second and third; and two Rand- wick performers in Balthazar and the two- year-old. Waterloo won the Two and Three Year Old Stakes and Mares' Produce Stakes respectively, Canary and Eclipse second and third in the last- named event. On the second day Satirist won the Shorts Handi cap, beating Olivia and the old performer Viscount ; and as he also landed the Toowong Stakes later in the day, Mr. George Dines's colt has at last rnn into form. Balthazar won another Three-year-old Handicap, and Canary turned the tables on Waterloo in the Sires' Produce Stakes, which brought on the Brisbane Cup, the winner of which was Major, with Sydney and Orphan next, the two miles being run in 3min. 49sec. The other events run at the meeting were of purely local interest. Mr. Buhlert writes to say that the Avoca Shire Turf Club races have been fixed for the 30th July. The Australian cricketing team have made a mueh better show at Longsight than was anticipated from the result, of the first day's play, when six of them were out for 26 runs. On Friday the remaining five of the team managed to increase the score to 214, or 96 over that made ' by the home team in their first innings. Of these, Blackham made 81, and Bonner 74. The Longsight eighteen, at the close of Friday's play had lost eight wickets for 73 runs, and were thus still 23 runs behind the Australian's first innings score. On Saturday the match was concluded, the Australians making the required 11 runs without losing a wicket. In the second innings Spofforth took eight of the eighteen's wickets. 