A DEADLY FEUD. ATAM J80M KUJJCE. f.u.v.o .... . m ,w.*.—iludolph Lindati in lUacktooaS't Magatint. ? - , , ? At 65 M. Isidore TiEscn, Profosoor o( Histoij at the University of MonipoUier, bad Mill one great passion und one dearfriond. He was a oollootor ot . rare books, and loved to be called a Zifbliophiftv H'b friend's name ?< was Galonol ;Caaimir Ooate. M.Ti?fion had been- a. widower thirty yean.- Hia two .daughters—who,-alter their mother's da&th;, had been, educated by an, old aunt of a very ?religions turn of ? mind—wero both' married. One oi them was settled at Nimes,' the other at Lane). They were highly proper and highly respected ladies, who punotnally per formed, all, their duties i without a murmur and.without any pleasure. They paid their futher. frequent butshort and formal visits, and never slopped a night in Montpellier, so that (hey ln.no wbv interfered with the quiet .routine of tho Professor's life. Colonel, ;Costo was a bachelor.: Isidoro Tisson and - Casimir Costs, whose parents had been noxt-door. neighbours, ha<f began to play togothor; when 1 they wero only Ave years old. They had been to tho same school, and had, parted for the first time ?when they wero seventeen. Tisson then wont to the-Univfcrsity :of Toulouse, while Costo avob , sent toth'e Military College of St. Cyr. They did not meet again for forty years, and by that time they had com pletely forgotten each other. During: this long, interval. M. , Tisson had published Several learned worlcs,' and had obtained the oliair of Professor of History in hie native town, i Costo. had fought tho Bedouins In Algeria, and' the Russians at Sobastopol, and had been obliged to retire from aotivo servipo in ; consequence of a severe wound roceived at tho storming; of Fort Malakoff. He was a Lieuteuant-Oolonel and anofHcer of the Legion o£ Jtlonour. On leaving the hospital! the lonely,' weary man returned to his native town, whioh he had not visited since the days of his youth. But he had often: felt a strange longing to spend there in quiet the evening, of his restless life, and now ho hoped to do so. He found.Moutpallior but little altered I during the long years of his absence, and; i soon raeognised in one of its narrow streets cthe .very house in - which his parents had 'lived,, and whore ho was born. It so I chanced that a small .apartment; was to i let there.. He hired it, furnished it Bimply, I and: established: himself there afc once. I Behind the house was a. large garden; and the Colonel, as a favoured tenant, obtained ! permission of.: the - landlord to walk in it when ho choso. I One'evening in September, as Coste was passing up and down the gravel walk in the garden, smoking his short pipo and thinking of Afrion. tho Crimea, and frionds ! that were dead 1 or lost* he heard himself I called: in a fashion that startled him—' I i " Casimir! Casimir I'' ..??- : > .. For nearly forty years no one had called i him ;by that name. His superiors and his t soldiers during? that time - had addrsssed him successively as Lieutenant, Captain, Major, and Colonel; his brother officers as' Coste. ?Ho had lest his father and mother many years ago, and had never had any;: brothers or sisters. He might well nigh have forgotten thivt. he had a Christian name, and now someone was calling him by it 1 ? >. < ; : Caeimir-I Oa?imix 1" i > He tamed round and' saw at a window of the first'floor of: the house next to his own a widdlo-agod gentleman, who was smiling and nodding to him in the most friendly manner. For a moment the Colonel re mained motionless. Then with an oath,' whioh was; his habit to- utter whenever he wanted to express joy, anger, astonishment, or, in short, any sudden; emotion, he called oat inrcturu: ; " Isidore ! Is it possible ?" ? A few minutos later the Professor was in the gs?den with his friend.. Ho told him he had returned-that very morning from a 1 trip which he had taken during the vacation, and hud only just learned that a Colonel Costo, a native of Montpellier, had oome to live next door. ??? ? " I at once thought it must be you, and would have oalled upon yoa to ascertain if my conjecture was correot, but I saw yon in the garden and recogniscd you at once. You are not a bit altered.'' ???.-. ? The Colonel; upon this laughed, so loudly; that the sparrows;in the trees llew away in affright. " Well," ho said, " I think, that's just a little exaggeration. When I accom panied yon to tho diligence that took yau to; Toulouse you'were a handsome, slender lad,' withsoft 'down on your; upper lip- and a profusion of 'dai;k curly locks. Now you can boast of a very respeotable oiroumferenae, and;your dark hair har turned grey. I was then a meio boy, with bright eyes, sound teeth, active.legs, and a magnificent head of hair which I used to part sometimes on the right, sometimes on the left side, not being sure whioh way was most becoming. Now I require, speotHolea to road,. I munch liko a.rabbit, because I have lost my baok tooth; I walk" lame,. because the. Buesians sent a bullet into my right leg, and I have so little hair'left chat the natural parting of it soachea neuily from ono ear to. another. Frankly, I : cannot think . I am very much gliko the Casimir you knew." ? i " Still I recognised you at onoe. I would have known you among thousands, and would have said: 'That's my old friend andeohool. fellow, Caaimir Co?le.'" ' " Well I and did I, I should like to know, hesitate as to your name?" r Thcii tho two old gentlemen shook hands for the twentieth, time, and laughed, while their eyes grew moist." Both talked at the Same time, so that neither understood what tho other -was saying, nntil at last they came to iegular questioning. >. i " Are you married ?"? , . "No; and you?" " I have been a widower many years." " Children ??'?; "Two married daughters." ' ; " Here, in Montpellier ?" ?No; one at Lunel and one at Nimes. Are you going to.live in Montpellier ' "01 course; and|you ? \ ;" I Bin Profe?snr (it the University. But como; it is oold. Pascal, my old housekeeper; shall give us some supper. We ?pill drink a bottle of rare wins and havo a good chat together." ". -The Colonel made no objection, and the two,friends eat together till a late hour in the; .Prole?aer'a' snug drawing-room, telling eaoh other the simple stories of their lives. They met again next day, and the Colonel dined at ?tho Professor's. On taking leavo, he invited, his old friend to be his guest the next day at the table d'hote, where he wa? in tho regular habit of taking his meals/ . '? v ;; -- \ "I have never kept -home," the Colonel said, "and I am too old to begin now. Wherevcr'l have been stationed the tabic d'/iofehas beon my.table,. I hope you. will dino with mc there to'-mOrrow." ,'?''. yy'i?ut.M;; Tis?oh objected, , "We dine ? toother/? he, said," because' we like ono another's company, and -not because; wo want.to. do a polite- thing. . I havo no fancy for restaurants aud hotels. There tiro always strangers there, and one cannot. talk comfortably' and' freely. 'Besides, to ' tell; yon the truth, Pascal-has spoiled,'me I am accustomed to her cooking, and hotel, fare does not agree with mo. Please with draw your - ihvitatiojj. Wo' do not stand on> cor oniony. Dine .here again to-morrow and the dtyeitoc—every day cannot do mea greater favour." -?; .-:.Y^YY';7 ?< Tho Colonol consented to dine with Ms friend the ne;ct day.: ? Two w?oks wont by. Tho friends Epont several hours together every day, and the bachelor had dined, maybe, a dozon times at the widower's house, when ono day after dinner—old Pascal.- having lef6 the room after serving coffee—Costo lit hia pipe, cleared his throat, and made tho following spooob, for which . ho had been preparing himself for.the last wedc: ?? - ? " This is all very fine, Isidore, but I things cannot: go on in this way." . ???.'?; ; " What do you mean P" ' . : "I havo never lived better in my life to an: Ido now with yon, >yet Ido not like my board." , "Why not fV yf-WhenXwaa a Lieutenant I used to pay sixty francs-, aruonth for my dinner ;< when I_ became Captain, it cOHfcmo eighty francs; einco I hava been a llnjor, I have always reserved a hundredand fifty francs for that purpose. , I must stick to these old habibr to be comfortable; andif yon- cannot think of some way in which I'. can spend my money and have year company, I mustgivo up dining with you." ??? Exouso me, Costo, but really yon are not speaking like a sensible man/' ' ? -< ; "But I have been thinking that I would bo very sorry not to boo your familiar faco opposite me at dinner; and, somehow, I faaoy that you too would miss mo." ' ; "You can tako your oath of that." - : i,'.' And: therefore! want to mako a rational proposal to you." ' v\ ? There was.a.long pause. The Colonel olearod his throat again.- .>? . "Well, go .on," said ,tho Professor, gently., " I see, what you aro driving at in that clever, way ; .but let mo tell you' I consider your proposal childish. / Yen—be angry if you liko—positively childish." . " Childish ornot, I stick to it. 'And if yon oare as mnchfor me aa l do for you, if you are not afraid of having toomuoh of me, you will accept it." ? The Professor resisted for some time.- ito tried hard to.persuade the Colonel to continue to he his guest; but the old soldier would not yield, so the Professor had to uivo up. ? You were very obstinate and self-willed," he said, " whereas I - was always the good, natured and sensible-one of us two. Let it be as yon wish; henceforward yon shall pay for your board." ?: But this did not aettlo the question, Corte proposed to pcy too muoh—Tisaon asked for too little. - At last-they .agroad that Pascal, who for thirty years had been the Professor's housekeeper, should aot as arbitrator. Sho was what, is called in Franoe 1 a maitreiae femvus, and had a clear, sensible answer ready for any; question that might be pnt to her; so, after a short confcrcnoo with her it was settled that M. Tisaon would not be a loser if the Colonel contributed 120 franos a month. Thus, this long disottf?lon camo at last to an end. From that day a now and brighter'day began for the two . lonely ; old men, whioh made them: forget their agei and which'con tinned without*interruption for many years. The Professor had'-littie to do; the Colonel nothing at all. : They spent many hours together, every day ; ,they walked arm in arm up and down the "Parou" and tho "Es planade"—the two principal promenades of ;Montpallier ; Bat together in, tho.Pro fessor's library; or they went out together on tho " Liuks," being .passionately, inter ested in an interminable game of " golf," a pastime whioh is almost as muoh in honour at Montpellier,' and at Jkfontpollior. alone of all Frenoh towns, as at St. Andrews in Soot l?pd. Their evonirigs"?wore spent at the olub, where thoy found their, regular, whi?t party..; They became daily moro and more dependent on each : other, as . happens with old people from whom the rest of the world is gradually withdrawing, who love few,,people, and are loved by few, and whose interests centres in a narrow,oir ole. Very soon they booame indispenaibla to each other. Tisaon becamo uneasy if.Costo was five; minutes late for! dinner, and .the Colonol had every;, morning a confidential talk with Paaoaline to inquire if the "master" liadpnaaed. a good night, if his cough had been troublesome, and U he had enjoyed his breakfast. He was a regular attendant at. the' ; Professor's leoturesi. His : venerable head, 'his attentive,,earnest,; mild countenance, soon booamo known to tho whole univer?ity.' The young students took a liking to tho quiet ,old gentleman, and ; mado room tor him ros peotfnlly when he entered the lecture- room. And he goeeted them kindly : " Good morn ing, gentlemen.". . When the lecture was over, tho Colonel liked to have a talk with tho "Professor —often asking tot explanation of some obscure point. The Professor; ; would offor it with a.pleasant smile, aad with, an air ot innooent, gentle pride.; Now and then the Oolonel.wonld quote, some Latin sentence, in order, to show that he, too, was not deficient in'; cla?sloal,knowledge" Alia jaata est,"; V Duk<!. est ? pro, patria morl" : " In ; vino vertfai," and othor sayings of that aort. On such occasions .tho learned Professor was wont to look a little embarrassed, though he' smiled approvingly, and ho would change the conversation, But .when the old soldier spoke ; of bis oampaigns, Profe?sor, in his turn, would listen for hours, and put enoouraging queatisns, bo, as to: induce ; the narrator to continue his story. Tho friendship of these two old gentle men lwd v become proverbial. The Pro fessor's: daughters wero : perhaps the only beings who did not look upon it favourably. They aomplained of the fearful profanity cf the Colonel's apeeoh,. and of his poisoning: the .whole house with that horrible short pipo of his, which he smoked indiscriminately in every room in tho ?'house. ?: ' "But papa approves of everything. the Colonel does," thoy said. " Let us hope that ho will have no -cause to repent some day." . This remark was not quite correot;.how over. Their father was far from approving ? entirely tho Viojrs and tbo mode of lif o of his friend. ; The Professor was an earnest Catholio, and, like most members of theuppor classes in the Soutb, a staunch Legitimist. Coste, on tho othor hand| possessed an inexhaustible stock of- rather Bcandalou? stories, in which prioataj monks,' and nuns, were not-. always mentioned with the respoot that Tissoh thought due to them. In politics he was ? a liberal, inclining toward' Bepubliconism.:; Tisson would sometimes call; Co?to " Charraa," and the Colonel would retort by"Polignao," Their diecussions, which were long ' and frequent, were generally brought to.a close by one of them' reminding the other ithut the time for V rubber or a game of 'golf was come. Then tho : excited coun tenances of his opponent would at once assume a oalm expression; both would -take their hats and sticks,' and walk to 1 the' club or to , tho "Linikis," chatting 1 cheerfully by "the way, as : if nothing had ' ever disturbed the perfect harmony of their '? intercourse. The terrible year— Vannlei terrible — 0! 1870-71 put an end to these disousalons hejween' the two friends; Both were true j patriots, and in their grief for France they forgot aU differences of opinion. Both blamed the Emperor and the Empress, the Ministers and tho Generals with the same implicit confidence all the etories which wero told of the heroism ol the French Boldierirand tbo barbarity 0! the Germans. They felt the bubo indignation towards Bustds. which did not hide its sympathy for tbe enemy; thb same disdain of tbe English, " that nation of. shopkeepers," who had forgotten Sebaaiopol { tho eaba oontempt for those " ungrateful" Italians, who abandoned thoir old ally in her distress, and they abed tears together whon the news of Sedan reached Montpellier. About this timo a peonliir kind of feverish, nervous excitement had taken possession of the whole Frenoh nation. One two friends did not escape the contagion. The cheerful equanimity of former years was gone. They never touched a oard, and dust gathered on their golf clubs and balls tying unheeded in tbe hail.' Thej> read the papers with passion ate eagerness; they made strategics! plans, and discussed them 'as earnestly as if armlet had been at their command; they hoped against hope; they believed that the fortune of war would take another turn; they never despaired, for it seemed to .them simply impossible that France, their proud, mighty, beautiful country, eonld succumb in a war with any other nation—and they felt almost crushed when the dreadful bath at laid dawned npon them, when they knew that the power of'Franoe was broken, and they saw hor bumbled to tbe dust at the meroy of the conqueror. Coste and Tisson spent day after day together, silent and mournful, feeling that tbelr oommon sorrow had drawn them even mora closely together than the peaoeful happiness of former yoars. But as, in Bpite of thoir advanced ago, thoy bad preserved a good deal of that livolinoss and elasticity of mind wbioh oUaraotoriees tho inhabitants of Southern France, they shook off, after a time, that dull, oppressive sense of gloom. Nervous irritability and great bittornoss of feeling remained, however, and showed themselves in frequent and violent explosions of anger agalnat the supposed authors of tbe groat national misfortune. Then the papers brought the news that a revolution had broken out in Paris, and that the; Oommunlata had seized the -rains .of government. At first the two friends heard theflb reports.almost with indiffeireneo. The wounds-infliajedbytheforeignfoa wore atill so fresh that, they were unable, so to speak,: to feel any new pain. -Bat soon the oivil war compelled .their..; attention. It bsbame the' principal theme ol oonversatipp, ; - Theinter ests.in the struggle, for the'posae??ion. of! Paris, where Frenchmen fought Frenchmen, boon.absorbed every fesling./;,:. .YiY'YIjY-V" YU was on the Brdpf Juno, 1871; The day had boen hot and snitry. Dark thunder olouds: had gathered,- and threatened a storm' at every moment. ?.Theairwashoavy.yi; ' V ; The Professor wa? paolng up and down the dining-room in an agitated manner, waiting for the Colonel to ait down to dinhor; >At last Coste arrived half an hour, after .; the usual timo.YHe held .some;,;half-opened orumpled. nowapa'pers in his hand, and, on entering,'' threw them -on tbo tablo.. He looked palp and. disturbed. YY- 77 '.iX::<-' .;"'.'.' I.'hava waited for thep'apeffl from Paris,*' he i?aid ;?;;?? read—it ia horrible, ihoredlble I" Tisson took up the papers and looked at their, contents. YPaeoal had sorvedthe coup ; the, steaming plates, blood beforo the two old men;;but neither thonght of.touching thorn. Thopapers reported tha horrorq committed by tho Communists, .the destruotion of the Tuileries, thb Hotel de Vllle, the Ministry of Finaboe,; the: Cour ?; dcs Obmptes, etc V; They related the mass'abre.of the hostages, the furious fighting in the streets, and, lastly, the slaughter among ? the " enemies of society,'' by the avenging Versailles troops. .?'-;: Tisson looked up and said, with ft long drawn breath of relief," God bo praised I The.' good cause has triumphed 1" " It might well have.triumphed with more humanity," retorted Coste,'sullenly, "' V" I hope,you are not going to defend the Commune ?" continued Tisson, in an almost 'threatening fpno.;;, '-;''.; : .;;'* No," replied "Coste, turning palo, and speaking in a tremulous voice, "I am not. going to do that. Bat.l do think tbo troops., might have .shown less bloodthirsty cruelty. Fifty, thousand I .Think, Tisson,(what that moans, . Fifty,' thousand bubian Uvea; have been 'sacrificed! Fifty, thousand I It -is dreadfol! .Thoy have.shown no mercy to women prohildrenj tbey have'been killing, abif they were de?troylngy.wlld boas'ta !" 7; 7"They _avb;done'right \", cried,Tisson. "Bravo; men who have fought against wild beasts—a murderous,,infamous ofow, the bourn of 'humanity,'; robbars,' murderers, Inooridlarfe?.".. ; ;: . UYYt---. ' ,-,-, y"TiBSon,,Ti??on, think of what you aro saying 1 You aro speaking of Frenchmen,'of pur countrymen, bur.brptbers;','.;.'" ?" "Your brothers, if you please—-not mine, thank God I; I have nothing iv oommon with thieves and murderers." ;7" Nor have I." ~y; -YY, "Youbave—alneeyou data todefendthom." ?'.:?? "Darel -Xoumuat beout of your Bon?es, Tisioii, toflpeak.ibmein this way.? .';.'.'-, ;'?,-, \- "No, lam perfeotly in ?my eonaes, and I tell you calmly and; deliberately that it lit a shame—a burning shame—that yon should dare to Bay a word in defence 01. the Com mune—yos, yocr'ought to be ,ashamed: of. youraeltl" '-.-?'", "...'. Y-''-'.' '??"';".' *'Recall that word, TlsBon! reboll Mi or brr-~-vrxx--'.;:---'':xxx - . y "Yod ought to be ashamed,! say,. Shame I shame 1" 7.. The Colonel rose, pale aa death, with flaming oyes. He Btruok the table with his olin'bhed fiat, so that the plates and glasses rattled, and he swore with a fearful oath that he would never Bit down at the table or put his' foot in that house again until Ti??on begged his pardon and retraotod what ho had eaid. ? ' , . 7:7 ...." And I declare,"replied tho Professor,' who of a sudden had become strangely calm, but was as pale and trembling aB his wretched old friend. "I, doolare, without tho use oi any blasphemous language, that the words you require mc to say shall nevor pass my lips." : Then tho Colonel; went to the door, took his bat and stick, and in a moment, without another word or, look, was gone. Tisson' heard his heavy, halting step npon the stair. The bongo door waa opened and shut again; then all waa still— tho.Btillness of death, j For thieo wholo days the Colonel and the Professor lived on their paaoionate wrath. Then their anger oooled, and both began to understand what they had. lost., The isbla-' tion consequent upon their PEtrangomont beoamo unbearable, Coato darod not leave his room? for fear of meeting hie old friend; the .Profoasor crept stealthily out of his house when obliged to go to his leotare, and the two old hearts longed tor reconciliation.' Yet it could not ba. They thought over aud over again that parting soeno, and remembered overy word and every jlook. : ,' .. I'Heahould net haveinsulted mo at his , own tablo, in hia own house," said tho Colo nel, aud ho felt that he oould sot, in honour,' break the bath he had sworn. , "He waa entirely in the wrong," thought I the Professor. 7. MHow could.he defend tho - greatest rascals and - criminate ; tho world haa ever seenf" -And-- he ' re membered with, a .shudder that he bad solemnly avowed never to pronounce- the words which -alone could induce the Colonel to return to tho houso aB a friend. Ono morning; old Pascal camo to'the Colonel. "What have ; you done;tol my master, pir?" ehe asked, with tears in; her eyes. ;" Ho does ; not eat, ho does- not Bleop. Ho aits;all day long in his study, without opening a book or. -writing a lino. He will isoe nobody, -ho upeaks to nobody —he will die. What have you dona to him, sirP -Do help my poor nwurtarl" ?Tbo Colonel had always treated* the faithful old servant-With kind familiarity, and- he was quite ready to discuss the matter with her. "Yon see, Pascal," ho eaid in. conclusion,- "I havo sworn upon my honour never to re- enter' his houso until he has acknowledged himself in the wiong—and I oannot break my word." " It is a wicked thing to take an oath when in anger," said the old woman. " Ask yonr Vicar, sir; ask the Bishop himtelt. They will release yon from yonr vow."- - "I have given my word.; No human being can help that. - I must keep it." Tears stood in the dim'eyes of the soldier. He' looked miserably sad, but he spoke with so muoh determination that Pascal felt- she must give np all hope ot reconciling the two friends. .7 <V Soon after this the Professor's daughters came to pay their customary visit to their father. Pascal told them what had hap pened. They disliked the Colonel, whose manners they considered - coarse; and they merely observed that no doubt their father would soon find that tbe losa ho deplored now; was, in fact, a gain. They were about to say as much-to their father, but ho stopped them angrily, telling them, with flashing eyes, to keep silent on the subject or to loave the house. - For a whole month there was no ohange in the relations betwoen Tfteon and, Coste. Their quarrel bad become the subjeot of talk in all Montpellier, but no one felt inolinod to play the part ot peacemaker botween the two old men. , At tbe end ot that time the Professor wen away on his usual holiday trip, , For the last ton years Coste had boon his companion, on these oeoaaion?, Thoy. had visited together Paris, the Pyrenees, Auvergne, and Switzer land. They had enjoyed ihr.mselvea every where. But now'the Professor started alone. He thonght ot going firetto Parle—and then f He had not settled whero. Ho wantod to leave Montpellier. Ho oould not bear to remain thero any longer. Tho Colonel stood ot the window, hidden by the curtain, when the oab stopped at hie neighbour's door. He' felt a houvy load on his chest,-and his eyes burned in their sockets when he saw tbo profo??or leave tho bouse with a heavy step and ontor' tbo carriage When it had driven off, Coste hid hia face, in his bony hands and wept bitterly; but ho 'experienced a sort of relief in the thought that Tiason was no longer in bis im mediate neighbourhood. Ho walked up and down his garden sadly and thoughtfully, fool ing himself free and unobserved. A, kind of peaos stole ovor him; aud ono day, when he got up in the morning, he wrote the following lettor:— Deab Tisson, —I havo made up my mind to leave MontpoUier and to return to Algiers, whero my old regiment ia stationed, and where I have a few oomrado? |who will be company for mo. They oannot mako up for what I have lost: bnt, at any .rate, I shall not feel as utterly lonely as I do hero. Bolore I leave, never to return, I vyould liko to meet you onco more as in the good old times. I therefore beg you will writo to mc, on receipt of thi?, to appoint a place ot meet ing in Paris. Wo will, as in by-gone days, have a stroll throngh the big town, we will dine together in tho evening, and then bid eaoh other " good-night," as we have done for the last ten yoara. On tho morrow I will leavo Parli k Yon will then be able lo think of mo as of an absent friend from'whom you havo parted in pesos and good will. My angor lastod bnt a few duys, Sinoe I have beoome 000 l and colleotod, I feel the same old friendship for you whioh I shall evor tool, even ii you rejoot my proposal. Believe, mc, dear Tisson, your faithful friend. Casihih Coste. Old Pasoal gave him her master's address. The Froieaeor was staying at a small hotel in tbe Rue do Holder. The landlord was from MontpoUier, and Coste and Tisson had lodgod.thore on several occasions. The second day after the,despatbh ot this letter tho Colonel roaeived one from Paris. He at once xooognlsod the writing ot his friend, and toro open the envelope with a trembling hand. The letter consisted of a few hurried and almost illegible lluea: I have sworn nover. to pronounoe the words whioh you require before' re-entering my house; but I may tell you how hard it has boon for mc to keep my vow. Forgive mo the pain my angor ha? oauaad you. I, too, have suffered much, and I remain,-tillwe are parted by death, your faithful friend, 1 IsiDoius, Tisson. The letter fell from the Colonel's hands, and all seemed dark fcr .a moment. Whea ho had recovered a littlo ho went to Faecal. Sho had received no tidings oi hor master. Coste then telegraphed to Iho landlord in Paris.bogging to ba informed of the health of the Frolossor. In a few hours tho auswor. came baok-rProfeasor Ti?aon had,diod sud denly.' Ho had been found dead in his bod on the morning ot tho preceding' day., Tho funeral was to,tako place on the morrow. Tho daughtors ol tho Professor had been oommunioated with. * Coato atartod that same evening for Paris, and arrived there a few. hours after 'tho funeral. Ho saw the daughters and son-in law of his friend,at the hotel. Thoy were in doep mourning, but appeared to bear thoir loss with great equanimity, Thoy Boomed Burpriaed at tbo Colonel's troubled counten anoowhenhe entered thoir room unannounced in his dusty; travelling dress, and thoy answered his inquiries briefly and precisely. Their father had had a stroke. He had gone to bed in his usual health at 10 o'olook, and j had boen found dead the noxt morning. The I doctor thought he must have died about 11. I At any rato, ho had been dead Borne hours when found; and ho had, diod, thuy hoped, without pain, ' Coste went next morning to visit the grave. On bis retain to the hotel he was informed that " the family from tho South "had left Paris after ordering a " pretty " tbmbbtohb to be placed on the Profo??or's grave. ' ' ?'. j ??< < The landlord, M. poucet,a groat talker,' who had known Coste for many years, and was particularly fond of having a chat with him under ordinary circumstances, beoamo 'unusually' silent and 'reserved when the Colonel asked him for the particulars of hia friend's death. He was evidently oonnoaling the truth, and Coste. determined to find it out.. Ho bribed tbe waiter, who at first held baok; bat when the Oolonol promised faith fully not to betray him, the man related iv B nervous, frightened manner all he knew., ??''?'?? , , M. Tisson had arrived fiyo days ago. He went out little,' dined alone in his own room,' and spoke to no one in the house. On Friday' morning ho wrote. several Uttora, which' he pO?ted himsolf. About 10 o'olook he ordered some tea, and.told tho waiter ha was going to bed, adding that ho did not wiuhtobo disturbed before tho next morning. '. i ? " When I knooked on bis door, on Saturi' day morning at nine, to give, him a letter tbat had arrived from Montpellier, I reoelved .no answer, and: finding the door was locked on the inside I became alarmed. I called M. Donoet, who sent at once for tbe Police,' and in presence,of tbo 'Oommis?alre'' tho door was opened. M. Donoet, the.' Oommia sabe,' and ? doctor who had come with him, were the only people who wout. into the room. ? My master told mc to rtand at tub door, and not Jo let anyone go in. ?. I bad to wait a long time. When tho?O three camo out of tho room, M. Douoot was as pale as a ghost. He took mc aside and said?,,?,_ trust that you, ah old servant ot the home,'will not talk. It would damage the reputation of the hotel.' I promised to ba silent, and up to this moment I have not opened my U, ?bout il to a single son], nor will I do. again. Bat you wore an old, friend of M. Ti.r.on and ought to know the tenth. A little (alar the dootor returned with an assis tant. They looked themselves into the room where the dead body -waa lying, and remained there, about an boar. L?te at night, bo ob . not to alarm tbo other visitors, the coffin was brbught quietly into tbe house. The next morning. M. Tisson'a relation* arrived. They asked to see the body, and I followed them into the littlo drawing-room whet* ib was laid out. The feature* of .the dead man were not .distorted j .thoy wore .yellow aa wax. Round the neck ins placed & broad white cravat, whioh reached up almost to the ears. - .1 felt a cold Bhuddar'when I saw it I "told M. Doaeet, in ft whisper, that it looked very liorrible. He mad* mo sign to be silent, and seemed very agitated. It's my opinion, air, that M. ? Tisson laid violent hands upon himself—" Costa turned deadly pale, staggered book, and sank .into a ohair. The waiter sprinkled somo cold water on hia face and gavo him oomothing to drink.' When he had recovered, from the shook, tho man entreated him once more cot to botray him, and then quietly left tho room. A few days later Colonel Costo returned to Montpellior, but only, to superin tend tho removal of,his simple furniture and belongings tb Paris, where ho settled in a remote part of tho town at no groat distance from tho cemetery whore Tisson was buiiod. Ho lived thero for a year ia aadnesa and solitude. Then his health began to fail, and at the end ofjs fow weeks ho was confined to his bed. Tho dootor ndvia?d him te tako a Sister of Cbarity as a siok,nurse, as ha had no relation or friend to tslw ears ot bim. CobIo assented to everything. Tbo nurse oamo and per formed hor dalles carefully. Sho" was a strong young woman, with a amootb, oalm face, fair, with rosy ohoeks—a, face that looked as if it belonged to one pare in body and mind. 8ho nursed the lonely, helpless old man carefully, unwcaryiugly, without anxiety and without hope, as she bad nursed for years other siok and dying people. ' "He is'getting weaker and weaker," alio said ono day to the dootor. " Ho docs not know ma now." Tho Colonel lay on his bed, with half closed eyes, breathing feebly. Tho doetor folt the pulee, forehead, and heart of Mb patient, and said, while slowly drawing On bis gloves: ' . " I do not think that he will hold but through tho day. I will look in again to night ; in tbo meantime you may gb on with the modiolus I prosoribed yesterday. ThoSlstor nodded, and when, tho dootor was gone, took up somo needlework, with which she basierl heritU whenever tbe patient did not require her attendance. The day passed quietly, withont porooptiblo ohango in tho state ot tho dying man: When it grew dark the Bistsr left the room noise lessly to fotoh a lightad lamp. Tho door had remained ajar. From tho next room sho thought aho heard tb* patient speak, and hmrierl back to hit bedside. Ho had raised himself from hit pillows, and bis faoo, whioh she oonld not well distinguish In the dim twilight, seemed to her to have grown younger: His eyas, whioh daring tho whole day bad remained baU-olossd, wero now wide open, and looked kindly and poaoofnlly around. That indosoribably swoot smile with whioh so many weary ones greet tho npproaoh of peaoe-bringing death, lightod up hia countenance. ." It. is getting dark," ho whispered. ?'.' Wait for me, Isidore; we will ; gbvhqmo together.''-!.:;'-' :!,!'?'?.-/ ..-?! '??r-'-h'i ?^??'?'?y Ho foil buck on the pillow. His breathing booama slower—slpsrer;and! fainter!rrthea ooaHod. ; ??; '??/. :.!;';.'!,::': ; .!!%;;!!!-'!^:!<, ,;; The Sister romainod* for a: fjriy. ;mbni'ont8 porfeotly still. She tbsn loft tho room, and soon, rotnrncd with the iiglitod.lamp.::She raised it above the.head of the doad man, eo that tho bright light fell upon" hia! pale,' emaciated and calm features., Sho looked at him attentively, withont tendernoos,! without Borrow, or, dndoed,: any ,,,visible;,?igri!,,;oI emotion,, tnrobd quietly .away,.arid, tatter placing tbo lamp on. tho tablo, returned to the bed to oloso the ayes of the departed. .In the same mothodioal way she smoothed,the pillow and placed tho qnlot boad oarofully and gently noon It, drew the shoot -up, to the obiu of tho dead man, ond placed a; oruoifix in the oold hands, after having foldodtheriv aboye ,tbo oonnterpane.! .Then she lighted' two candles, and placed ono at tho bead, and tho othor at the foot of the'???.bed. ''Lastly, she took a. small bottle and poured the holy water?'?;whioh;it; contained Into, a sauoQr, already,,-'prepared', for the,, purpoaa, whioh; stood by the bedside. When she bad attended to oU this, without hurry, as without heai tntlon, sho looked aronnd as if to boo il anything else remained to be. done. Hor onlm, searching, glanee oarveyed with the same serious eompoBaro tbe corpso, the tapers, tho ornoifix, tbe saucer with tho holy water j and when she had satisfied herself that nothing had beon omittod, and that evorything wbb in perfect order, she drew from hor pooket a little, well-worn, blaokbqok, oponod it with unerring hand at an aeon's, tomodplaoo, knelt down.rn'ado tbo sign of the orosa.and bet silent, moving: lips rooitod tbo Dravare for the dead.- 