ODDS AND ENDS. ' It is astonishing what whopping lies younc folks will givo and take during courtship. Tho trouble with a good many marriages is that the parties leave off lying when' they enter matri mony. Professor : Can ydu multiply together con crete numbers? Tho class aro uncertain. Pro fessor : 'What will bo tho product of 5 ajples multiplied by 0 potatoes ?' Pupil triumphantly ? ' Hash !' ; 'A little ainr,, on being told something which much amused her, oxclaimed emphatically, ' I shall remember that tho whole of my life, and when I forgot it I will write it down.' The child wasfivp years old. ; So many Eociotics for tho promotion of things' aro established that Johnny wants to know why somebody doesn't get up a society for tho promo tion of. boys in school, without making them study so.— New York. Mail. ,..Ay™.famJ'5' Prayers,;a few evenings since, a Oodhear folks pray when he's bo far away?' Before tho lady could- frame a suitable reply a Bunny-faced littlo niiss ; of five summers veto* montly said :-«I'H jra' bet He's dot telephones a runmn to every plaoo i'—£ostm Courier. 'Ernest, (six years old):— 'Hut, mother dear, is it really truo that tho world was made in six clays ? Mamma : ' Yes, Ernio, and if God imu pleased, Ho could have made it in two days.' Jirncst (after a moment's consideration) : 'Oh mamma, that would never havo done, you know! why, wo should have had Sunday every other ra^KMV,« M MATRIMONr.-' You OUgllt to marry. 'Merer.' 'I know tl.e very girl.' ? «*m° alone.' ' She is young.' ' Thei sho 8 ffr- Wf. ' Mo more dangerous ' render- hearted 'Then sho is jealous.' Sho has talent' 'Then sho is conceited.' And a fortune.' 'Iwilltako her ' ^P^iyrf-r.^^11;^ «-».«»» cora.nit. -v» „. ...ui^iiuuraujj x-para oiuuartlians recently to inquire into tho relief of that district, a widow was introduced whoso allowanco was Btated to ho atriflo too large. 'She's very industrious,' said the relieving officer, by way of rocommendin' tho poor woman to liberal consideration. (Not know ing tho meaning of tho last word ho uttered: eho broko forth with, ''Dustrioiis ! aa think aa isn t ! Aa niwor wes, norniwor will be. Kyon 0 wor family was ivvor 'dustrinus I' ~ ' '? Tjie ITarvwd Lampoon publishes a speech made by Dea. Hardhed, of Podunk Farms, at a de bate on female suffrago: 'I dunno,' said the aeacoiv 'as-thore'a- ary objection to tho- wim. raen s runnin' the doestrict schools. Bufas to ginn em ary right to make- laws, both Scripter an common sense is cloan agin it. (Groat'sensi won. ) In the first placo haow on airth aro they gom to git 'cm enforced ? Tho gov'ment by, ma. jonty is based solid on tho fact that of tho wust comca to the wust the majority can lick' tho : ruinonty.. (Great confusion, and crios of shamp !' ..' si ence !' &c;) '.' E£ they can't lick, .they can t rule.' , (More confusion). Dakiel WniBiEn. — On. ono occasion Weh. .ster was on his way to his duties at Wash ington. Ho wascompollod to proceed at night by atagofrom Baltimore Ho had no travelling companion,, and. tho driver had a, sort of felon look which produced no inconsiderable alarm in the senator.- ' I endeavored to tranquillisomy relf,. said Webster, ' and had partly, succoeded, when wo reafhed the dark woods betweea Bladensburg and Washington— a nroner. set-no _ lor murdor and outrage— and hore, 1 confess, my courage again deserted mo. ? Justthon tho drivor turned to me and,, with a'gruff voice, iuquirod m\\- name. I gave it to him. ' Whoro aro: you going? saiilhe. Tho-roply was '0V Washing, ton. I am a. senator.'. Upon this the drivor soized mo fervently by tho hand, and oxclaimed : How glad I am ! ? I have beon trembling in my seat for tho last hour ;. for whon I looked at you I took you tp;bb a highwayman.' ' '? r--. The War QuBsiioN.— Wo have; recoived a papor with: a double-leaded editorial,, which bogins, ' I hope you agroo with mo'that-wars aro unnocessary, inofficscious, absurd, cxnensive, de- morolisinc, inhuman and unchristian j and that thoy should boabolishod.' Wo do, we do. 1 Es pecially expensive. . And, besides, people are nabia to got killed in wars. Look, at- tho Peru. Chilian war, for instance. Thatmrar can't ho prosecuted a.weok at a timo without somo ono getting hurt.r and it might just as well be abo lished. ?'. It-vis absurd; if not inhuman.' : If tho Ennlish,. who. now have a feir unnecessary wars on hand,, will bring thom over to our office,1 wo'U do all in ;our power to abolish thom. ' -Wo haven't time to. go across the - water and ombark in tha abolishing business. ? Tho editorial from which we quote also thinks ' men should be asready teadopt substitutes for war as thoyare now w frame apologies for it.' Thoy ; are ;? but, ''deat sir,' 'apologies- mako 'poor soldiors.' 'They iump : the county, and thus. prolong, tho'-war. Won't lot;:.us encourage 8ubstitutes.i'':, Thoir charges are. too ? outrageously high. — NmniHoim Herald. .?-.?-.. ::-. ?;?. ??'.:? m 'i 1, 1;,.;,! Tun Maw Wrar .& Glass Era— The ohe'-oyed man in Bt. Louis won a glass eye at a1' church raffle. This is the way he uses/it. .He.'says: 'A man came into my. office onco to givbmo a thrash ing about 'a Httlo diflbrenco ho had in: rcgim! to tho settlement of a small estate. I listened to him coolly and doliberatoly. TPhen Fpullbtlout my eyoand laid it on the table, as if' it wbro a disposed of motion^ That man went dbw stairs on the outsidoof tho building. Still, tie ^ 'could havo got away with mo if ho had pcrsist'oil. I wns out tho other day for a walk when a cbuplo of ladies approached me, asking for' alms'. Aa if to cogitate upon the ailments of the world, I ; took out my knife and unconsciously picked out tho glass optic this way (illustrating). -They loft their basket on the ground, and though I offered to put up for their cause nothing could head1 them off. But it is in tho street car that I have the most fun. Taking my six o'clock car at tho starting-point, of courso I secure a scit. Very soon tho seats aro crowded with men, and ladies comoin. I shnt my good oyo, so (illustrating), and level tho dead eye on tho man I want to.havo raised to make room for tho lady. In time it will bring a man to his fcot. . Thero's something in tho stare of a dead eye that will make i man's blood liko it was put on ico. I havo cleaned a whole car ont in, this way, and had tho thanks of tho ladies voted; I never put a cent' in a church on a collection. I sot tlio eyb oh the deacon, and ho never shoves tho box undor my nose,' . ' ? . ? A Local Ghost Stout.— One Saturday TUfht, somo years ago, beforo tho hours during which tho inner man could bo refreshed, were shortened, a jovial crew was assembled in tho, Gi-oy Uorso public, an inn adjacent to tho entranco. gates ol Old Penshaw Churchyard. Ono of tho party, who lived at New Penshaw, had to take a foot path through tho churchyard to reach home, and, as ho showed no' disposition to. move, ho was addressed by ono of Ins friends as follows :—' Noo, mind it's aboot .tho timo ' they, coiuo , oot. Thoo'd better bo ganncn, or movviea thoo'll see Tainshaw no .inair!' '\Vcy,noo,' ho answered, '{aadiwent caro for rtowt tho neet; an' if ivoory ', yon 0' tho peggors wos sitten in a raw aa wad wag .bans all rbond !' ' Two of tho party, intont on' a, joko, sfplo out of tho room, and, haying procured a coui-lo of plough cords, tied thorn togother. Proceeding to the churchyard they mado one ond fast to a tombstone, and, carrying tho lino across the footpath they made it fast to another stonp ucar which there was an ? opon grave. Having concealed thcmso!vc3 thoy waitou with impatience for the appearance of the orcwhilo fellow toper. Tho latter, having at last vacated his comforlablo corner in tho inn, took to the road, winding his way'throiigh tho' memorials of tho dead. After describing iriany eccentric and perploxing lijj;urcs, ho reached tho plough cord; ' Ucllo ?' ho exclaimed, ' thero's something wrang here, iia'll bo bund ! Aa wad liko to knaa whor this Ircds ta I' and following up tho clue, ho fell head foremost into the open grave. While ono, ot the oontcacralos behind tho toinlstono kept up a volley ot dismal groans, tho othor ad dressed him thus: — 'Yo druckon aad sinner, whaat are ye deein' i' ma griive at tivco o'clock L' thomornih?' Tho hall-buriud victim gravely ,; answered, ' Ye beggor, . ia wad like to knua what ye'redec'm' oot 0' yor grave at twoe o'clock i' tha mornin.' — Newcastle Chronicle. 