A FIGHT WITH A WHALE. ? n ? . Lord Archibald Campbell sends to the Edinburgh Scotsman the following account of a buttle, of which he was a witness, between a thrasher, u sword- fish, aud a whale, off Belleisle, on September 7th. His lordship, who was a passenger on board the Peruvian, writes : — ' When fairly outside Belleislo Island, with icebergs of no great size en either bow, und fairly in the Arctic current, ami the Teutonia on our starboard how, the first officer tnld me he had seen twice a large ' thrasher' fish leap clean out of the water not far from our bows. We kept a close watch near about where ho . nau lust seen tne nsu ; nor nati we long to wait; and for the next ten minutes to a quarter of an hour we watched a most tremendous fight between this fish and u large whale, which, evidently attacked also from below by sword fish, was ineffectually trying to ' sound' and do ull in its mighty power to get away, but there was no escape-. ' ¥ he thrasher, an enormous fish — resfconed by the first officer and head engineer at thirty feet in length — kept continually lashing the whule with its powerful tail, and, -as if not satisfied that these stunning blows had ' told,' th\\-ew itself into the air with enormous leaps, landing on the whale with the most resounding ' whacks.' The sublime and the ludicrous were strangely blended hi these attacks. The pas sengers and crew were all gathered at the bulwarks, fascinated by the gigantic fight. The whale turned almost belly uppermost, casting itself about in all directions, but there was 110 escape Tt never get deep below the surface, which was churned by its mighty efforts into a seething mass of foam. The combatants went : right in the teeth of the wind and Bea then running. 'We saw the whale in a regular 'flurry) often, and when our straining eyes last saw them they were as hard at it as ever, and it was the opinion of most on board that the whale was fast sickening. The' whole of the under part of the whale was white, and I hope some one will give me information as to its species. From the tips of the tail to the jaw it was as if painted pure white, a leadon color above. There were many on board who had sailed the Atlantic for upwards of 30 years, but had uever seen such a fight. The Price of Coai, and Minebs'. Wages — -At a recent conference of miners of Lan cashire, Yorkshire, and Staffordshire it was unanimously decided to issue a circular to the coalowners in those counties asking them, in consideration of the ' pitiable condition' ot the miners, ' the majority' of whom were ' unable to provide sufficient food and clothing for them selves and families,' to raise the price of coal so as to enable them to advance wages 10 per cent. ; the present low earnings of the men being attributed to ' coal being sold at far too cheap a rate, which means little or no profit, and consequently low wages.' The coalmasters uf North Staffordshire have adopted a declara tion, in which they say they would be only too glad if they could take the course suggested in the circular. They are quite agreed that coal is being sold at too cheap a rate; in point of fact, it is in uiost cases sold at less than the cosi of production ; and if they had the power they would not hesitate for a moment to arh'auca prices and give a corresponding increase of wages; but as tho present limited output can with difficulty be sold, even at the low prices prevailing, it appears to the masters that it would.be childish to attempt to advance -prices and so drive away what demand does exist to other districts, where the masters have not acted so childishly. The men are assured that the first favourable opening for advancing prices and wages will be taken advantage of. — Times, 15th Oct. Josh Billings on Ghosts. — A ghost is about 5ft. 7in. in height, and weighs from 4 to 6 oz. They are of the maskuline and feminine natur, but principally natur. They ain't afraid ov nothing, and will hang around a graveyard az kaielesa az a schoolboy will around a norchard in green apple time. They are like a grate inenny other, things in this world — often heard ov but seldom seen. . I will give XI, 500 to see a ghost, and £250 more to own one ; but I want one kaught whole and not hurst'. Mi friend, Phineaa T. Barnum, will take a whole drive ov them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender.: Therefore, bring yoiir ghosts. Ghosts always dress in a wbitenitegown sorb of rig, and are the quickest that have ever been trotted out yet. Their ordinary gait iz a mile in a seclcund, but iz sed, for a. purse, they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in public for mtinny — private time is alwus suspishus. Whi don't some ov our agricultural hoss tro aRsosiashuns offer a ghost puss, free from all ghosts) It would draw like a mustard plaster in the month ov August. . Gold in Arabia. — The official journal of the vilayet of Yemen, Sand, announces that a gold mine has been discovered in the Sana district, and, in the usual style of Oriental' expansiveness, declares thai, this luiueis ' ou? of the j-ishest in the world,' 