^apLDBfilM'S NEW YORK V !• ■ T .1 E R.. Nothing ie md^ci indicative of the vast changeihstbas ffi&en; place in this city than theutterdestruction, and I may say annihi lation, of all the places th^twere, forty or fifty years ago, the centos of vimraement for old New York. Of the tfaei&ro; only one remains, and all the public gara^nB of .forty years .ago have vanished. 1 waa pasaing up the Bowery the other day on the Elevated-road, and aB we dashed -by Old Dnay, as' the Bowery Theatrensed to be called in the omen lime, it seemed as if a ghost had startedffom the gmve.andthedeep gap of forty years had suddenly - been filled up. The Bowmy Theatre, which for twenty years has been little more than a rain, is once -more decked outin gay colors, and looks as bright and as clipper agj when Tom Hamblin, Ingersoll, Cooper, Forrest, and Booth trod its boards, and exemplified to old New York what good acting really, was. Admirers of the present namby-pamby, walking-stick school, irreve rently speak of the men I have named as blood and thunder actors, but if the present style of so- called society plays are allowed to demoralize the stage much longer, it will utterly annihilate the race of good actors in America. There was a time when there were many young men coming forward, who. pro mised to be ornaments to the American stage; but they have beefi elbowed out of the war by the sweepings of London concert rooms and music hyHs, while our young women have been driven away from the stage by a brazen herd, whose vulgar display of so called charms would scarcely be received as a model by the painter of a pot-house sign /yiformgh the old Boweiy remains it is no longer an American Theatre; it has been, handed over to the Germans, so that the last of our old American theatres has been lite rally wiped out. . What glorious days were those when we used, to wander of a Sunday evening, with' thegirl of our hearts, down to Castle or A frln.nfcj<> Gardens, and there, while enjoying the soft evening breeze that swept over the inoon.lit bay, revel in the luxuries of ice cream and doughnuts. Oh, sweet golden hours 1 will ye never come, again ? Atlantic Garden fcw been gobbled up by the Elevated Bailway, and the Lovers' Ttetreat is foul with, grimy engines J and littered'with the ruins of defunct railway can; while Castle Garden, which once echoed with, the divine notes of Jenny land, is now disturbed.by a conglome ration of sounds that would hare affrighted the of Babel $ while the horrible perfume of Dutch pipes, schwfiitzer kase, and garlic, almost make a fellow wish that Castle Garden had been sunk in the sea before it was ever turned into an emigrant depot. Coming up Broadway, as we approach the Park, we look in vain for some vestige of the old Park Theatre. Not a sign or a symbol re mains. Gloomy stores stand over the site of this famed temple of Thespis, where George Frederick Cook delighted and amazed our grandmothers, and where Edmund Kean electrified the town, and where Fanny Elssler turned the heads of half the young bucks in the city, about forty years ago. ' On Church street stood the National, managed by Harry Waliack, the'uncle of the present Wallack, who, at sixty-three, still insists on playing the juvenile lovers^ The National divided. honors with the Park. In 1842 it, was de stroyed by fire, and disappeared from the list of our theatres. A few years later, James Waliack, the father, of the present Lester WaUaek, opened a theatre on the west side of Broadway; the company was good, the acting was unexceptionable,' but it seemed from the first to be a failure. Mr. Waliack abandoned it after a veiy disastrous experience. It was then taken by Mrs. Sinclair, the divorced wife t>f Edwin Forrest .; after a time she gave it up, and its last manager was the late Barney Williams, after which it fell a prey to com merce and disappeared. The Broadway Theatre, on the east side of Broadway, after s chequered experieence of fifteen years, met the same fate as th rest. Mitchell's Olym pic, which in 1840 delighted the people with tie " Cats in the larder," and " Buy it dear, it's made of Cashmere," and Dicken's tab- - leaux, &c.;, when Mrs. Timm, Miss Edwin, our Maiy Taylor, Horncastle, and the rest of that . glorious band gave us an - Opera Bouffe. which our daughters could listen to without a blush; before French indecency had cor rupted our hearts^ or foreign vulgarity hod sapped the foundation of our morals. The Bichmond Hill stood on the site of Aaron Burr's house, and from it he went forth on the .morning he shot Hamilton at Weehawken.. Thirty years have passed eitiee the Bichmond TTiU disappeared from the listof' theatres, and - even the people living on its site have never beard of its name. Famous among the theatres of forty years ago ^ was the old Chatham Theatre, where Charley Thorne, then in his prime, gathered around him a company of actors which it . would be difficult to match at die present time. The dramatic demi-god of those days was Kirby, a man with more genius in his little finger Aim is to be found in the whole -body of nine-tenths of your present day actors. Mrs. Thorne,' one of the most talented and agreeable actresses on the American stage, was then in the zenith of her beauty; alas! alas! for my early' dreams, the fairy form has vanished.. She is now a staid matron on the - shady side of sixty, whose adverdupois could only be determined by a-pair of hay scales. NIblo's Garden, on the corner of Broadway and Prince-street, was the most fashionable up-town resort for those who desired rational amusement,™combined with a breath of coun try air. The garden disappeared many years urn, and on its site is the Metropolitan Hotel, which. Tweed thought would be the head quarters of the Bing; and the Metropolitan Theatre—where the Black Crook was first produced by Win. W heatley, Harry Palmer, and Mr. Jairctt. A favourite resort for the Bowery boys was old Tauihall Garden, which stood at the head of the Boweiy, almost op posite the site now occupied by the Cooper Institute. Here the laddies and their girls were wont to pass the summer nights, luxu riating on pork and beans, and enjoying the delights of the mazy dance. A clothing store and a stable now cover the flower-beds and axbourB of that famous resort, and it .will not - \- _ be many years before the last- man will have passed away who remembers the spot where itetood. Polities and pedestrians at present occupy the public mind, the two most prominent ob jects being John Kelly and Blower Brown. Blower Brown, however, is a dead cock in the pit; what will be John Kelly's fate we are unable to tell till the race is ended on the 4th day of November, but John's wind is good, and his feet are sound, yet how he will come out in the political race is still a matter of lively speculation. There are lots of lame duoks among the book-makers this week, and the report is that at least one-half of the gamblers in the city are ruined. - At the start of the race for the O'Leary Belt Blower Brown was the prime favorite, the most extravagant stories were told of his prowess, and some unfortunate fools were induced to make bets that he would cover as high as 140 miles in the first twenty-four hours. No one seemed to think of the possibility of his failure, and yet a more lamentable collapse was never seen on the course. As far as the man himself is con cerned it is a matter of very small con sequence, but he has dragged down thoiifif"id« in his ruin, which is said to be directly traceable to his intemperate habits while training. A more frightened lot than his backers was never seen in New Yoft, and a more fearful financial panic has never been known among gambling men. It has been a regular Black Friday among the betting sharps, and there are hundreds of them who will not have money enough to carry them back to their homes. At this I do much rejoice, for with their gambling pools they have corrupted and demoralized almost every amusement that has become popular in America. I hope the lesson may not be thrown away upon our people. In two weeks we have paid, in New York, about $150,000 for these walking exhibitions. No good thing has come out of them, but on the contrary, they have been fruitful parents of gambling and dissipation. The men who haveiieen prominent in' them wouldscarcely bejtfcatttod behind the counter of a respect* able merchant, unless he had one of Pinker ton's detectives to stand . by and watch the till; yet thousands b&te; neglected their business 4ay after day, and . how they find themselves literally robbed—-the victims of misplaced confidence. I forgot in my letter of lostweek to return my sincere thanks to Courtney and TT«.nln.n for relieving this city, for afew days at least, of thousands of the most u^ndtigated thieves ' and scoundrels to be: found okwde&emlls; of a state prison. Fat 3am, who exhibits his sleight-of-hand feats on the siddinlk while his pais pick the pockets of the cntir^ had. gone to the race at Mayville. Jimmy the Bat> and One-Eyed Teddy, were "nojowrer to be seen about toe steps of the Astor House. They, had departed for the time to ofter and greener pastures. All of the guoblfaig hells in Ann-street and Park Bow werd^cjiosedj the green cloths, the sweat boards, the thimble rigs, and roulettes were removed for the nonce to Chatauqua lake, and the gentlemanly niggers who usually guard the door of the dens were pressed into the more ignoble service of lugging big bags full of gambling implements, or occasionally taking a hand in a rough and tumble fight about the tables. It was a relief, a great relief, and the Chamber of Commerce is now devising ways and means to establish a permanent race-course on some of our inland lakes, and get Courtney-and Hanlan to row there every dayjfor the next ten years; and if they can only do as well by us as they did last week they will not only earn our eternal gratitude, but we can, out of the reduction of our police alone, give them as handsome a gratuity as the gamblers who recently made the match. The general pros perity seems to have reduced the criminal calendar, and the week, though not without some startling incidents, is unmarked by any of the peculiar atrocities which hare charac terized the early portion of the year. On Thursday, a lady magnificently dressed, was seen in a woeful state of intoxication in the most fashionable portion of the Fifth. Avenue. In her' ears were diamonds that were worth a Prince's ransom, and her fingers were covered with priceless gems. It was lucky for her that the boat race had carried off the usual gentry that make'; that place their beat of an afternoon, or they- would not have left her enough in fire minutes to have paid for a night's shelter in a twenty-five cent lodging house. It is only a few months since a lady had her diamond ear-rings' torn out of her ears at four o'clock in the afternoon, not more than two bloeks from the veiy place where this fine lady was rpieked up, and at the time |fche latter robbery was committed hundreds of people were promenading the streets, and fifty of them saw the assault. There is a difference between sack-cloth, and | purple and fine linen. If she - had been a poor wash-woman who had taken an extra pint of beer,-she would have gone to Black well's Island-as a disorderly drunkard for ten days; as it was, the police inspector discovered that she was slightly overcome by the heat, and-apologizing for her slight detention, sent her home in a hackney coach. An interesting affair occurred on Thursday evening last at Booth's Theatre, now occupied by Dion Boucidault, who, by the way, seems to have run to the end of his tether. On the second row of the dress circle, sat a lady and gentleman who were very much interested in the performance, and between the acts ex ceedingly interested in-each other. Behind them sat a tall middle-aged gentleman very much interested in both of them. At the" conclusion of the performance he followed them out, and as they reached the side ' walk the middle-aged gentleman struck the lady's escort a blow which sent him reeling to the sidewalk. The striker was immediately seized by some gentlemen who were near, and in the excitement of the moment the lady and crest-Mien gent jumped into a coach, the door of which stood conveniently open, and were driven rapidly away. After a struggle of a few moments a policeman rushed up'; club in hand, and the gentleman explained that the lady was his runaway wife, who had left him and two small chil dren in the City of Chicago about two years ago. His fortune was ample ; |but when he discovered his wife's perfidy he almost be came insane. He pursued the guilty couple to New Xork, but they had just escaped in a French steamer a few hours before his arrival - in the city. Two days later he was crossing the ocean in pursuit, following like an aven ging Nemesis. He reached Liverpool on the same day -that the French steamer reached Havre, and taking the night express for Lon don he got the early train for Paris. For . days and days he wandered about the city like a madman, but could gain no clue to the runaways. At last, one night, while sitting in the parquette of- the G-rarid Opera witness ing the performance of the Prophet he dis covered his wife in a private box with her paramour. The same instant, she dis covered him «s he rose from his seat, and rushed outrinto the lobby. When he reached the bos; on the "other side of 'the house, it was empty—the birds, had flown. Unable to speak & word of French, he could make no inquiry^ for - the fugitives, but his wild actions attracted the attention of the gendsirme' ion duty in the vestibule, and - he kindly conducted him to thp door and landed him in the street. Two days after, he re ceived intelligence, that they .had been seen on the way to Geneva, a,nd thither he posted without delay ^butrsfter' searching Geneva, Chamounix, and aUjof the small neighboring towns, -sick at heaft, he returned to Pans. There he was taken sick, and for many'weeks he lingered between Ijfe and death, and at last, broken in spirit and health, he. turned his steps toward all that remained of home. For many months he - hod-received no word from the United States,nand 'on his.arrival in New York lie was met by an old friend, who informed him that during his absence both his children had died. The dreadful news completely crushed him, for now there seemed nothing left to live for but vengeance on the wretches who had been the cause of all this ruin. For several weeks past, a pale wild looking man could be seen on Broadway, during the . most fashionable hours for pro menading in the iafternoon, looking intently into the face of every lady that passed. He went to all the places of public amusement, not for recreation; but solely for the hope of vengeance. At last his patient vigil was re-. warded, and for a moment he discovered them sitting in front of him last Thursday night. Then came the attack and'the escape, and the ! next morning the unfortunate gentleman was found dead in his bed at his hotel; he had shot himself through the brain, adding another to the thousands of social .wrecks which are stranded among the rocks in this great city. The beat of political gongs still drowns every other sound. Never in any State elec tion have I seen such unremitting activity before. Night and day it is nothing but politics, politics. Banners fly across all the main streets, and transparencies blazen in the windows; and if some intelligent traveller from the Fiji Islands or Madagascar should happen to stray this way, and judge of oar rulers by the likenesses on these flags, hei might reasonably suppose - that we were ruled by a gang of plug uglies and prize.fighters. The candidates certainly owe nothing to their rising political artists any more that tiie evan gelists of old did to Mrs. Pelby, of Boston. She used to give exhibitions of wax figures, and on her way down to Lynn she broke the head of John the Baptist; so, as she could not well get along without John, she took the head of Judas Iscariot, and pressed it into service. .Now, the expression of John was very benign, while that of Iscariot was horrible beyond expression, and when questioned by the audience why John looked so bad, the old lady explained it by saying that there was an ancient legend that when John went down into the Jordan, that a crab caught hold of his toe, and this likeness was taken just while the " crab was a holdin' on." All of the candidates are rather good-looking men, Cornell would be called a handsome man any where ; but the transparencies look about as disturbed as the good St. John did when he went down into the Jordan, and had a crab on the end of his toe. The Vail trade in every department exceeds that of any September or October for many years. One gratifying evidence of return ing prosperity is the amount of ready money .-brought here by western merchants. Cash purchasers are the order of* the day, the buyers taking advantage of the market with cash in hand. If it were not that money is plentiful, and all of oursurpluslaboremployed, the ri se in everything would be appalling. Hour1 coal, meat, butter, and all other prime articles of home consumption, have had a sharp and decided rise. Still there is no grumbling, for every one appears to have something to do. The great tunriel under the North River may be said to be fitirly under wayj: and in the course of a few yean, if you visit New York, we will wheel youacross under the river, and land yon by rail at the Grand Central Dep6t. Considering the tremendous magni tude of the work veiy little appears to have been said about it, but when it is finished, as it assuredly will, it will beyond all comparison, be one of the grandest triumphs .of modern engineering that the present age has seen. 1 only hope that my readers and myself may be spared to witness its completion'; Two things have completely ore>-shadowed everything in the city during the past week, and those have been the doings - in the Stock Market, and the Seventh Regiment AruKH'y Fair. It seems that New York must have some kind of a craze; if it is not a walking match or some similar intellectual entertain ment, it muBt.be a first-class .murder or a superlative bank robbery, a startling elope ment or an extraordinary suicide; something ■; out of the common-place ire must have, our appetites are palsied, and we need highly flavored food. The stock board is never a pleasant place to go in, unless your broker has made five or six points for you in the course of the day, and then when you feel that your margins are safe, and you can see your way well out of the woods, it will do to pay it a visit. At the present time, if you can imagine a sombre-colored room, the active portion of which is about fifty by fifty,' and crowd it with the wildest maniacs I that you could rake or scrape from all i the lunatic asylums in Christendom, or out of it, and then throw into the midst of [ the crowd, a hundred pound torpedo filled with nitroglycerine, and imagine them all screaming and jumping and trying to get out of the way, and you might have a faint idea of the stock board about the hour of high noon, when stocks are booming. One class of men are bound to make if they only stick to their legitimate business, and avoid.the temptation to take a hand in the pool and gamble a little on the outside, and that is the brokers. One day last week the transactions in stocks exceeded that of the greatest day that Wall-street has ever known. Between the opening and closing of the board, nearly seven hundred thousand shares of different kinds of stocks changed handB. Now, seven hundred thousand shares of stock represent at par seventy millions of dollars, and the simple commissions alone in that day's trans actions represent over half a million of dollars. It is very true there are are not many such days as that, but it would not take many to absorb the hundreds of thousands that are now b^ing sent intj Wall-street by gudgeons from the country! who are expecting to make fortunes in a day by " puts and calls." On Monday there was a feverish.feeling that there was danger in the air; a number of the heavy guns had been quietly unloading, and by Tues day a few who had the tip got out of the rain as rapidly as possible. On Wednesday the squall struck with its full force, and, as usual, there was a regular panic. Every stock along the whole line was affected. Even the dividend-paying stock, which only a week ago touched 130 and 140, ware dragged into the general whirlpool. One class of securities remained unshaken amid the storm, and that was Uncle Samuel's promises to pay. United States securities never budged a hair, but all sorts of stranded financiers whose little kedges were dragging, looked to Mr. Sher man's 4 per cents, as a sort of sheet anchor, which would hold them through the storm. Erie, New Jersey, Central, Kansas-Pacific, and several other stocks had been great favourites during the general boom. Erie tumbled from 48| to 43J, and a fall of from 2 to 6 per cent, marked most of the other stocks. On the day of the panic the de funct Pacific Railroad of Missouri, which last week brought 17 on 'Change was kicked out of the stock board by order of the Pre sident, whereat there was much weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. The lame ducks all have crape on their hats, and it is quite probable that for many of them the period of mourning will not be less than .. sixty days. While disaster has overtaken the "the shorts and the flats," it must not be supposed that Wall-street has been laid out oh its back; nothing of the sort, the insiders have lined their coffers, and can afford old Duff Gordon with their troubles for the next six months to come. The farming commu nity, speculative ministers, and countiy mer chants who take a surreptitious hand in stocks, are not all yet cleared out, so you will hear of another advance soon; in fact, the market has already begun to rally from the staggering blow of Wednesday. By this time next week the lesson will be forgotten by all, except those whom the storm has left on a lee .shore, and the new boom may carry us into the holidays. I could tell you plenty of stories of financial shipwreok, but I fear it would do no good in saving others from Hlr« disaster. I saw one poor fellow on Wednes day who went into Wall-street on the 3rd of November with $12,000, the result of the savings of a life, and on Wednesday last he staked his last $200 and lost, and if it had not been for a friendly loan he would not have enough that night to pay for his lodging ' ant* supper. Our virtuous Postraaster-Qeneral is now engaged in a raid on the lottery men, and has even arrived at a point where he has actually refused them their letters. I have no doubt that lottery gambling is a very hurtful and disreputable business, qpd I hope Satan in an evil hour, may never tempt me to go in for a twenty-fire cent, straddle; but if he did, and my wife did not find me out, I should have quite as clear a conscience as I would in dealing inMputs" and "calls," or "margins" in any degree. A clever philologist who thinks of getting «p a new dictionaiy,. has been trying for the last four weeks to find out the difference between a bucket- shop-keeper and a banker. The day before yesterday he gave it up as " something which no fellah could find out," and he finally .concluded to define it as follows: " stock-banker," a feller wot takes your money and don't give it back—nerer no more. It is a pleasant thing to leave " the devil and all his works" behind, and, in a spirit of thankfulnesB, as well as forgetfulness, to find yourselves in fairyland and in company with the fairies. About the success of the Seventh Regiment Fair there never was the slightest doubt. ' The Seventh ■ is our pet regiment as well as our crack regiment, and we all feel proud of the Seventh. Ask a bootblack or a banker, a clergyman or a cobbler, which is the crack regiment of New York city, and he will answer without hesitation' the Seventh. Not that we have not plenty of good soldiers in many other regiments here, but somehow the Seventh has always occupied a foremost place among the other military organisations of the State. Their armoiy is in the most aristocratic quarter of thejtown, and it is safe to say that no finer building for milit&iy.; purposes will be put up in New York during the present generation. I said last week that the receipts would not fall short of $50,000. Will you allow me to shift my pegs, and make it $100,000? which I think will be nearer the figure. Mrs. Stewart and. Judge Hilton gave a sort of quasi promise to loan some expensive pic tures to the art collection. At the last moment both the Judge and Mrs. Stewart backed out; but they made partial amends by each sending a cheque for five hundred dollars, so the Seventh's boys stall think there is " balm in Gilead." The collection got up for-the fair is very wonderful and very beau tiful, and as you wander among the various stands, and look on the bright-eyed Hebe's that gn&rd; the treasures, it really seems as though the Seventh regiment had not only enlisted the services of all the pretty girls in New York, but that they must have kidnapped all of the choice beauties to be found between Maine and Minnesota. The list of contribu tors is marvellous. One lady, with a spirit of chivalry, which I am proud to say, is not un common'in her lex, absolutely took the camel hair shawl from her beautiful shoulders and gave it to the boys as a prize to be raffled for at a dollar a share. I don't approve of lotteries, and raffles myself, for our church has passed a ^resolution against them, except when we have a church fair; so I guess I'll loan my nephew, a dollar, and let him tiy it, aud then if he should happen to win that camel hair and. bring it to me, why then, of course, I couldn't help it—but I never gamble myself. ' When ycftt read Dickens* people are apt to think that a *rschool for thieves" only dwelt in the imagination of that brilliant novelist; yet only the other night the Brooklyn police arrested a full-fledged thief, only eleven years of age, who ud@d to go about the streets with a baby-wagon, stealing shoes from the front of shoe storey where they lay exposed, cabbages from grocery stores, or odd bits of ' dry goods, or other- unconsidered trifles. Her rule was to keep on till she filled her wagon, | and then roll it home. On the day of her arrest she had succeeded in stealing twenty four pairs of shoes, an iron pot, a blanket, two pair of corsets, a squash and a cabbage, -j a bunch. of celery,. two pair of stockings, and i a broom. Her parents did nothing but to teach her, and then they left her to " paddle her own canoe." She was turned out in the morning with her little wagon, and did not dare return till it was loaded. At the house of the father and mother, who were also arrested, enough of miscellaneous articles were discovered to set up an ordinary store. Since their arrest, the girl has been kept apart from ; her parents, and some startling revelations are expected as to how young thieves are taught. The sale of twenty millions of Central E.E. stock by William H. Vanderbilt to a syndicate composed of Jay Gould, Russell Sage, and a number of influential bankers, is the newest bit of news. William denied it to the veiy last moment, like a gentleman, as he is, thus enabling the newspaper men to realize the value of that excellent proverb which says: " Put not your faith in princes." Winter has got us by the ears at last. On Thursday it came at us like a tiger, and, as a consequence, ulsters, ear-muffs, and seal-skin sacques are at a premium of 250 per cent. We have no reason to grumble, however, for the season has been one of the finest in the memory of man ; and even while ! write the weather though cold is pleasant. 