[?] ; THE HAUNTED GRANGE bt«e.jl.c." CHAPTEB MY.. (Continued.) "Are you strong enough to hear all this excitement P" he" asked,1 gently, as he caught Isabel's glance. " Would you prefer the ceremony taking place' elsewhere ?" "No," was the reply, as she laid her wasted hand in his ; " I have so' longed for this hour, only"— and she motioned to him to bend nearer, ' so that Violet might not catch the whispered words— "do not delay longer than is actually needful." Eustace started as the real meaning of those few last words broke upon him ; he looked down on the beautiful, wan face, that smiled so peacefully in. .his, and a sorrowful expression clouded/the kind blue eyes. "Is it indeed so.leabel P' he said; ?it will be a sad wedding for both Yiolet andL" Do not let her know how close the hour is," she murmured ; " and, Eustace, do not let the thosght sadden your . happiness ; think only of me as at rest,. with mJ dear ones, in my Saviour's loving arms.". A few more, .moments, .and . the solemn words had been pronounced that. hound Eustace Willoughby , and Yiolet Grey \- together while life should last, and, as the. young officer drew his newly-made wife towards him, it seemed as though life could offer him no more exquisite gift than the ..knowledge that Yiolet was, in very- truth, his .own. The soft light; jof . the harvest-moon; looked down that evening on . a very different scene — on that of a quiet form, vith closed eyes, and'a smile of more than -«wthly -beauty resting .on the pale face.. ? Isabel St. John had paasedTthrouglr the, "golden gates" into "that city whose builder and maker is God." Eustace Willoughby carried his bride away from the Grange directly the .funeral had taken place. He had no .wish that the past sad scenes in his. life should become the _ subject of general conversation, and it had therefore been simply announced that some papers -had; been found which proved that General Wilioughby's son had been changed in his infancy for that of Mb cousin, and that, consequently, the real owner of die Grange was the man so long known as Captain Herbert St. John. The tidings, of course, became a nine days' wonder, but, as those moBt concerned in it had started on their -wedding-tour before it became publicly known, they escaped the disagreeable notoriety which must otherwise have been their lot. They remained abroad some seven or eight months, revisiting Floren.ee and- many other of the beautiful Italian cities, and making their way home in a pleasant, desultory fashion, stopping here 'and there as fancy dictated; They hadarrivediat the. Grange the day previous to that on which our story opens, audit was with a feeling of unfeigned delight that Yiolet once more found herself atbome. " 1 suppose Mrs. Gtey and the general will be here to-morrow,' Violet," her. hnsband said, as he stood with her at one of the windows opening on to the bioad. terrace which led down to the flower- garden, now brilliant with bright-hued blossoms. " I think so," she answered, raising her bead from its . resting-place on his shoulder; '' how pleasant it will he to meet them again, Herbert." She had never become accustomed to his first name of Eustace, and Captain Willoughby himself was glad to drop it. The veiy sound bronght back recollections never willingly recalled, and which, for the time being, had power even to cast a shadow ever his present happy life, and life, with Yiolet for his own, was brighter than - he had pictured in bis wildest dreams. The girl, whose gentle 7 voice and tender care had haunted him in \- bis hours of fevered delirinm, proved as 7 loving and true, As pure, and unselfish, as 7 real a " home-sunshine, " -as any wife could 7 be ; and many a time, as Herbert Wil- \- loughby's eyes rested on the face he loyed so well, he thought how truly Frank Annesley had spoken : "that he would, in r i L_days to come, have reason to bless what :-.C then seemed so bitter a triaL" . "Had poor Isabel never given me up," he thought, "wo might have married, and then, too late, have found out how utterly unsuited we were to one another." Do you remember, Violet,3 be said, after a short pause/ "what I told you of that extraordinary appearance of the monk one night when I was in the library P" - Violet started. \ _ "You have not seen it again, Herbert? I Oh, J Jwpe I shall ' never meet it!" She raised her sweet eyes beseechingly to her husband's face. " I am afraid 1 am very foolish, dear, bnt I do not feel very strong, and I think if I saw it the fright would kill me." Herbert Willoughby drew her closer to ftim- " Do you think 1 woujd have brought you here, my darling, had I believed there was any danger of your running su cha rfety Yiolet ?" he added, bending down and kissing her tenderly. "Do you not yet know how very dear you are to me ?" rphp girl glanced at him, the colour flprpawiwg- as she did so, in her hitherto rjalefii ca " I might have trusted to your tore, dear," she said, simply, as she rested her again on bis shoulder. Only a few words, but Herbert Wiltonghby needed no more to assure him of his wife s bdief jn his affection. , , .v "Will you come with me down to tne doktereP' wkefl, as be pawed bis hand lovingly over the golden hair, that shone and glittered in the rays of the setting son. " Cuthbert tells me that Wilson has something to say which may help to clear np the mystery of the monk's visits. You know the old soldier always declared the whole thing a trick." They found poor , Isabel's favourite brother, now Major Vernon, standing near the entrance to the cloisters, talking with Wilson. The latter saluted his master as Violet and he joined them. " I was telling the major, sir, that I. thought, now Mrs. Willoughby and you had returned to Betile at the Grange, it were better if I told something which has been weighing rather heavily the last, few months upon my mind. I thought I was acting for the best, and I think so now — and, for the matter of that, I believe the major agrees with me." The soldier glanced, as he spoke, at Cuthbert, who nodd' d assent, an amused expression on hie handsome face as he noticed Captain: vWiHougbby's ; rather jru zzted-lOok at ; the - soldier's . apparently UPatolPted speech, : ; / : " ...-; J " What ' is-tit, Wilson??/ Msinasferi in-" -quired. "I understood fronT 'Major Ver non that you had gained some clue as to those extraordinary visits of the monk P" . " Certainly, captain," .was', the reply.; "and that is why I took the liberty of asking : you to walk down here. Did it; never, strike you it might have, been all a trick?" "You asked me that long ago, Wilson," the answer was somewhat impatiently given. " I cannot keep Mrs. Willoughby standing here if you have nothing more important to say-" " I beg your pardon, sir," the soldier answered, a strange hesitation perceptible iu his usualfrauk manner ; " the fact is, I want to tell the whole truth, and yet I do not know how to begin my story." " If you can in any way- clear up the mystery, Wilson,! shall be truly glad, for, though I am no' believer in supernatural appearances, I own I am at a loss to account for . that figure, or how it came and went in the way it usually did." Wilson's hesitation seemed, strangely enough, to increase ae his master spoke, and hie weather-beaten face wore eo downcast and uncomfortable an expression ae he glanced, first at Captain Willoughby and then at Cnthbert, as if entreating some help from the latter, that Msjor Vernon, losing the -gravity he bad up to tbis . time main tained with some difficulty, broke into a fit of laughter, ae be said : " You make a splendid actor, Wilson, but you tell a story infamously." "An actor I" Herbert Willoughby ex claimed, a sudden light breaking in upon his mind as to who the monk had been. " Wilson, it is not possible ?" " Yes, sir," the soldier answered, his old, frank, manner returning now the first diffi culty of telling bis story was over. " I acted the part of Randolph de Ciairvaulx." He paused, for hie master's face wore an ex- . pression the man had never before seen on it— .gooh a. stern, indignant look, that it sarprised Major Vernon, and made Wilson bang down his head with a feeling of bitter shame . "Wilson," Captain Willoughby at last said— and in the silent evening air the words fell with a startling clearness on the ears of the attentive listeners — "had anyone - but yourself told me what you have just owned, ! would nothavC credited, the tale. I thought you honourable and upright, loving my father and all of his race as well as you loved yourself. I trusted and con fided in you, not as a servant, but as the man who had twice saved my father's life, and whom I believed to be as true as steeL I find the very opposite to be the truth.. For months past you have acted the part of a dishonourable, unscrupulous coward, playing upon the superstitions fears of one who/though, your suspicions of him have, unfortunately, proved correct, should yet, fiom his ill-health, have been safe from your cruel revenge. I have no wish to hear how you managed your unmanly masquerade ; the fact of your having acted such a part is amply sufficient." _ He turned indignantly away as he finished speaking. , " Come, Violet," he added ; " yon must be tired, I fear, standing here so long a time." But for once the girl did not seem to hear the voice she loved so well; she was looking .at Wilson, her bine eyes dimmed with tears, and her colour coming and going, whilst her little hands involuntarily clasped her husband's arm more closely, as if to detain him. "Come, dear," Herbert said;, "the dew is beginning to fall heavily," and, as he spoke, he began to. move onwards. The action seemed to arouse .Violet, and she drew her hand from its testing-place, and laid it on that of Captain Willoughby. "Do not be unjust to poor Wilson, Herbert," She whispered. "If he acted unwisely, it was from love to you. Think rof all you have gained, dear, by ins devo tion. Speak again to him." she urged, raising her sweet face beseechingly to his; " your reproof haB hurt him so deeply. Oh ! Herbert, go and tell him that, however unwise his act may have been, you know it was done becanse of the love he has always had for you and yours, and that you thank him heartily for it. Do go, dear husband," she said, so wistfully, that Captain Willoughby, who was already repenting of having spoken so harshly to one whose only fault had been mistaken zeal in h>s master's behalf, yielded to her entreaties, and turned back to where the Eoldier still stood, a surprised, pained look on his face, and a feeling of something: very like mltig&atiog; filling his hearfc-at what- Had fife conridered-so undeserved a rebiike./, .„ Herbert Willoughby was one df ; those men who know how . to offer an apology.. He went up with an outstretched hand and. the winning smile, that had ever gained him. friends, playing on his lips: 'Wilson," he said, taking the Boldier's toil-worn hand in his, " I spoke hastily and inconsider ately just now, and I hope you will both forgive and forget it. In the first surprise of hearing -your avowal, 1 conf«se I was greatly pained, and spoke words which, doubtless, appeared harsh and unkind, but the remembrance of my poor cousin, and the strange fear he entertained of the supposed pionk, rose vividly before me, and, in my pity for his Bufferings, I forgot the love and devotion which had induced yon to play such a part. Believe me, Wilson, he continued, and the goldier's face brightened into its usual frank, cheer- ful expression as the pleasant words of the well- loved voice fell upon his ear; " I gV»aii never forget the kindly deed you bave done me. Had it not been for your patient endeavours, your loving watchful ness over my interests, I might still have been known as Herbert St. John— might still have beep unaware that I was the son of one whom to knQW was indeed to love, and whom it is my joy to repiember I may call my father. Do not tfcgnk me, Wilson," he concluded, smiling, as tfoe soldier endeavoured, in rather broken words, to reply ; " if any thanks are due, eive them to Mrs. Willoughby, who showed me ho unjust I had been to you.' Wilson fruntfd to Fiolet, but something seemed to prevent him spc iking, and his eyes were dim with a moisture verv strange to them. He looked into the girl's face', now bright with pleasure at her husband's frank apology to his old servant. "God bless you and the captain, Mrs. Willoughby," he said, in rather a husky voice; "I shall never forget what you have done for me." He was turning away, as if to return to the Grange, -when Major Vernon,' who bad at first kept silence from a feeling of indigna tion at what he considered Wita-r/e un merited reproof, stopped him. Y>u must tell, first of. all, how you managed to elude the search made for the monk, Wilson," he ssid, kindly ; "and also let Captain Will oughby. know what your reasons were for attempting such a disguise." The . soldier glanced in an uncertain manner at his master ; Herbert understood the hesitation, t-. " Will yov M'm, Wilson ? We hall all like to hear it,: and. know how you efe(»ped ns every time; it : will relieve Mire. Willoughbya mind/ 1 am enre, to have it plainly shown- Jjhat the Grange is not haunted, WiH It Htofc, ; Violet he Tedded, . laughingly, as ;he turned backto where ahe was still stendiug.3 ,. The girl's face flashed. "I know I am very foolish,'"' afieBuud, looking up at Cuth bert who Was ho beside her ; " but I am very glad to learn that there is no truth in those reports of the monk's -apparition Visit ing the Grange and cloisters. I should always have been in dread of meeting it. Yon must think me very silly, Major Vernon ; but the way it appeared and diB&ppeared; seemed so extraordinary." "I do not in the least wonder at yonr feeling uncomfortable about living here with eueh a mystery hanging over the place, Mrs. Willoughby ; more than that, I confess I was never so at a loss to account for any thing as for the figure poor Isabel and I saw here one night ; and," he continued, laying his hand- upon Herbert's shoulder, and breaking into a laugh, in which the other joined, " if your husband would speak the : truth, I suspect he could tell you the same thing." "I am not going to own to any each weakness," Captain Willoughby said, when the general laugbi had subsided-; "fancy, in this nineteenth century, confessing belief in a ghost ! Now, Wilson," he added, " let us hear your story from beginning to en-'1." " The first thing that made me think of personating the monk, sir, happened one evening soon after Mr. Eustace's engage ment. i ought to Bay Mr. St. John, but somehow the old name comesj e&Bier;, if you will excuse it, captain ?" He paused, looking at Herbert. "Certainly,. Wileon," was the reply. " I daresay it is more natural to you." " It was the evening when the engage ment had been announced at the Grange," the soldier went on. " Of course, the news had occasioned a great deal of conversation amongst ns servants ; Symonde, as did many of ns, took it very mneh to heart; indeed,- the old .man declared it was enough to cause the monk to pay the Grange a visit. I had never paid much attention to the legend, knowing that, of course, there conld be no truth in it, and i made some jesting reply to his remark. To ! my surprise, I found Symonds a firm believer in it. 4- frw more words were said about it, and the subject dropped, ae j'tet then the library-bell tang for me. Mr. Alwynx:the solicitor, who had- been"all day at the Grange, wa8 preparing to leave as I entered. " ' Order the carriage at once, Wilson,' my master eaid ; Mr. Alwyn wishes to catch the up -train, and I fear there is scarcely time to do so.' "I kiSewMr. Eustace was to dine that day at the hall, so, after seeing the carriage start, I returned to the library to learn what orders he had for me. He was sitting at the table reading a letter, and beside btm that foreign envelope eo seldom out of my thoughts. I suppose he was so absorbed in its contents that he never lieard my knock, for when I entered, he started np, his face deadly pale, and hastily pushed both letter and envelope into a desk which lay before him. He spoke very angrily to me about entering so abruptly, and, even when I told him I had knocked, seemed half -inclined to disbelieve me. " < I dine at the hall,' he said, when I had finished speaking. ' Have the carriage at the door by seven; I em going out in the ETOunds for a short time to relieve my head.' " I left the room, not without having noticed that he had securely locked the desk in which the letter had been placed. Then it was that I first thought of playing the partof the monk. I felt certain the letter contained something of importance to you; sir. and I determined to try and gain it. In olden days £ had often taken a share In amateur theatrical performances got up by the officers and men belonging to the different regiments where I was stationed, pnd some of the dresses I had worn were still in the bullock-trunks I had brought from India, when I returned home as General Willonghby'e private servant. The flight «as a clear, moonlight one. and I determined to make my first attempt at once. I knew every nook and corner of the cloisters, and 1 resolved, should Mr. Eustace pursue me, to disappear in a niobe which I remembered opened into a small passage, .doubtless. one of the many hiding- places known in poor. Randolph de Glairvaulx'e time/ Hastily rolling np a monk's dress, which, strangely enough, was amongst my theatrical disguises, J4eft- the. Grange, and c&utiouBly; followed Mr, Eustace for some. diBtanee, to make certain -if he were going towards the cloisters.; When I saw that he tnrned in theirdireotion I struck off through the trees, by a path whioh took me to the other end of tne runBlong before MJfiustaoe reaohed the spot— where yon are now stand ing. I eopeealqd myself in the shadow of one of thearobe's — though there was little to dread from passers-by, the country people avoiding the cloisters as soon as ths sun had Bet — and put on the long, black robe, draw- the cowl eo far forward that my face was completely hidden within its folds. I had often heard the monk's attitude described, and had, therefore, no difficulty in personat ing him. I felt sure that Mr.£Eustaoe mast by tbie time have arrived at the front entrance to the cloieters, and, drawing a pair of thiok,' woollen sockB on my feet, to deaden the sound of my steps, I commenced my adventure. Ere long, I oanght sight of Mr. . Eustace standing hy the very tree against whioh Major Vernon is leaning. Being fixll moon that evening, of course every object stood oat distinctly in the bright light. He seemed lost in thought, and as I was only occasionally visible when I passed through the beams falling from the cloister- windows on the pavement below, I believed I had every , prospect of arriving cloBe to the niehe I have already mentioned. I had come np the passage as far as that window where the branches of wild rose are waving,' the soldier continued, taming round and pointing down i to a particular casement, " when I knew, hy the start Mr. Eustace gave, that he had seen me. for a . moment he seemed doubtful, bending forward as if to make ont my figure more plainly, bnt as I moved silently for ward, and oame into the fall light, he threw his arm Monad the tree and became o! eneb a deathly paleness, that I almost expeoted to see him drop lifeless at my feet." . . " It is marvellous he did not, Wilson," his master exclaimed, " with his heart in the condition it was." " Poor Mr. Eustaee," the soldier answered, his. weather-beaten, faoe looking- sorrowful enongh ; " I knew nothing of those terrible attacks, or, believe me, eir, I would never have played sneh a. trick upon him. I only, thongbt of how to gain that letter for you." "I am quite sure of that, Wilson," Captain Willoughby said, kindly, and the soldier resumed his story. . . " I saw heavy elands gathering, and knew that, before long, the moon would be hidden for a while, so I continued to spproaoh Mr. Eustace, mi til I could almost have touohed him. Anything like, the horror his face expressed 1 have never seen ; I am sure no other thought was in his mind then that the ispirit of the murdered monk .stood before him. Just then a black cloud obscured the moon, and Stoking advantage of it, retreated to-tbei niobe, and presfiing a Bpring, entered the little passage, and, passing through it, made my 'way as quickly as I cCuld back to thp- Grange, very well Satisfied with my first attempt at > personating Randolph : de Ciair vaulx." r:'- ' it-fs strange I never heard of that open ing, Wilson, ".his master said, after a short panse ; "will' yon show it tons? Did yon know of it, Cuthbert?" " Not I," answered Major Vernon ; " if I had, it might rhave- given md a clue' as to 'where the monk had disappeared the night poor Isabel and I met'it," for I suppose yon entered it then ?" he added, turning to the soldier. Wilson laughed. " Yes, major, it would not have done to have tried any other plan with you. Yon are too swift a runner for me to have attempted to esoape by flight. Will you come this way, captain, and I will show yon the passage?" ' They all followed - him -and entered the nichp, whioh was flooded with the bright moomight. The soldier touched a large stone in the centre of the wall, and, to their astonishment, the whole mass reoeded, show ing a narrow, dark entrance: " Will yen come in, Violet," her husband asked, "and walk through it? We shall understand Wilson's story more clearly after doing eo." " Better not, Bir," the man said, hastily. " The air is very close from being eo shot in, and it might make Mre. Willoughby feel faint. Perhaps the major will come with me< and I will ehow him the octlet. It is near the ruined wall, but bo hidden by buBhes and undergrowth that no one, igaorant of the fsot, would imagine there was any opening. I will close the stone as we enter." " Perhaps it will he. the best plan," Herbert said. " You look tired, Violet, so we will go back, and Cnthbert will follow when he hae flnished hie exploring. Wilson," he added, turning to'the soldier, " you will find us in the library.' I want to ask a few ques tions abont the night you appeared there to Mr. St. John and myself." « Very well, sir," was the man's reply, as he touched the stone and wab hidden from view. " One can scarcely imagine an opening was there just now, Herbert," Violet ex- claimed. " Do you know," she continued, lifting her sweet face to his, " I am so- glad to have heard Wilson's story ? Of course, I knew it must be a; triok, but it made me nervous to think that, whoever it might be that played it,.we'were subject at any time to be alarmed by it." Captain Willoughby :drew -her closer to him. " I- am very glad too, Violet ; but, my darling, I never intended to settle down here nn|«M the mystery of the monk were eoived. Much as I love the dear old Grange and all belonging to it, I wonld never have risked yonr health and happiness by staying in it whilst yon were liable to meet that figure.". The evening had fairly olosed in when Major Vernon and Wilson entered the library. "Yon mast come down 'to-morrow, Wil loughby," the former eaid, as be eat down by tbe fire, that was still pleasant of a night, "It is a-moBt curious hiding-place, and I have no donbt that we might , find several others with a little searching for them." . "Very;likeiy," Herbert; answered. "And now, Wilson, for. what pozzleB me even more than the eloister mystery — how did you manage to appear in this room in the way you did?" A look of amusement crossed the soldier's faoe. " Would Mrs.. Willoughby like to see the monk fox onoe, eir ?" he asked. "He «.Tiaii enter by the very way that so puzzles you if she would like him to do eo," Violet laughed. : " I shonld like it very much, Wilson; I shall not feel frightened now." . . The man left the room, and, ere many minutes had passed, the panel of the wall bonidA the oaken cabinet retreated, and the monk, one arm upiucea; anu ma race niuaen in the folds of his cowl, advanced towards them. A hushed silence fell on the three who stood looking at the figure. Violet's band clasped closer that of her husband, while a shudder ran through her frame. Even though she knew it was but -Wilson in disguise, a feeling of terror came over ber at the sudden appearance, tbe noiseless approach, the unearthly look of the monk. Cuthbert and Herbert were silent from sheer astonishment, and it was only the nervous pressure of Violets hand that at last roused the latter. " Throw back that Cowl, Wilson," he exclaimed ; "I can scarcely believe the truth even now. Let us see yonr face, and - then tell ns how you can manage to enter the room in this way." The soldier obeyed. Fashing the dark hood on to his shoulders, the contrast between the weather- beaten face, with the eyes and mouth expressive of the greatei&f; amusement, and the sombre, gloomy dress, was so ludicrous a one; that Major. Vernon and Herbert involuntarily broke into a fit b - laughter, and Violet , -smiled ; as she honght of her momentary terror. " No wonder that yon and poor St. John marvelled at the apparition," Cuthbert said; "but Wilson, how did you learn the secret spring P" "It was about six months before the general's death, sir, that I first knew of it; be had just purchased that picture which hangs over the fireplace, and had called me iu to undo the case in which it had been packed. After fixing on several places, the general at last determined on h«ifring it on the panel which moved' hack on my entrance justnow ; bnt, to oar surprise, on my driving in a nail, we found, trom the hollow sonnd, that some vacant place was behind it. The general at once devined the truth, that we had come upon some hiding-place built in the, time of the monks/' ««I have heard my father say, Wilson, that both the Grange and the clois ters wepe full of such places, bnt I dp not remember having found any except this one, and that in the cloister- niche,' he said to me, as we stood pass ing our hands over thei.panel, trying to find the spring. We did so at last; here it is, captain," the soldier continued, turning round and laying lus hand on a bunch of grapes, beautifully carved, abont half-way upSjt. He again touched the spring, and the whole , party entering . th$ aperfjire, found themselves in a zoom of some font fees square, and lighted from the top in a man ner that spoke well for the architect's in genuity. _ " But how can yon get in- here, Wilson," his master asked ; " where does it lead P" For a reply, the man crossed the room, and, kneeling down, pressed a stone in the wall, which, receding, left to view a narrow, winding staircase. Groping their way down, they arrived in another room of tbe same size ae the one they had just quitted, and dimly lighted by some faint gleam of moonlight, which entered by some crevices, evidently made to admit air and light. Again Wilson touched some spring, and they found themselves standing beneath the broad, wide steps that led np to the ball door of the Grange. "A clever hiding- place, is it not, sir P" the soldier said, smil ing at their surprise. "No. one would fancy there -was o&fe; under their feet a they go up and do wn those steps. :' " No, indeed," G&ptain; Wj&roiighby; an swered. " I do not; think the architecfcs of the gresaitvday-. pcuilcL plan ohe to equal tljiis ; but;;Wil8Qn/y on left tiifi ctpenihg into the library todastonedrit woflld be-'as well joi yon to" ub iapi and close it," I -do not ; wish ahyoneBht " ourselves to3mowqf it" " That -is truSx shv'7 the': ian :/epiied/ " I will-go np at -ohce," and be turned to re-enter. - . ? 7 "Wait a moment,',' said Major Vernon, " I should like to goup again." The two disappeared;- leaving Herbert and his wife still on the terrace. "Wilson," Cnthbert said, when they had regained the library, " there is one more question I want to ask you — did you know of that letter announc ing poor Everard s death when you met Mrs. St. John and myself in the cloisters P" A disappointed look crossed the soldier's face. " Do you think so badly of me, Major Vernon ?" he asked ; " do you really tbink I conld have played such a trick upon you, had Iknown what terrible news bad arrived? I had hoped yon thought better of me, major," he concluded, his rugged face working with emotion. Cuthbertturned to him, his whole kindly natnre showing in the eyes teat were dimmed by the recollection -of -his gallant brother's untimely fate, and by the un feigned affection of the man standing before him. "Pardon me, Wilson;" he said; "my question was indeed a needless one ; none who -know yoa as we all do could doubt your affection for us. I did not ask it- with that thought in my mind. > 1 was only wondering if my sister's laughing remark abont the "monk toiling' us some -news" might have put the idea into yonr head. .You remember her saying it, I daresay ; yon had just entered with some letters for Mr. St. John. . That one announcing Everard's murder must have been amongst them." < Yes, major, though .1, of course, knew nothing of it then. - Mrs. -St. John's remark certainly made me think of again dis guising myself ; > I never dreamt of it frightening her as- it did, or I .would - not have -done it. Yon do not think .it in any way hastened her illness, sirP" he added, looking -anxiously at Major Vernon. " No, Wilson," was the kind reply ; ." do not let that trouble yon. Her illness is one that runs in my mother's- family, and. had poor Isabel -8 life been an utterly untronbled one, I do -not tbink she would buve lived long. She .was never strong." «« J am- glad from my heart tobear you say so, major ; I should never 'have for given myself had it been otherwise. After I disappeared in the niche, I harried back to the house, fearing my absence might be discovered ; and it was well I did so, for I had not been five minutes in the hall when the library bell rang, and Mr, St. John, locking terribly ehooked, told me to searoh for joa, as tbere was bad news wbioh mnet be kept from Mrs. St. John. Wonld you like to know how I obtained the papers at last, sir?" Cathbert nodded. " When I found that he was resolved not to give them np to the captain, I determined to watch him, for my mind misgave me, from some words be had dropped when giving me the "»ftHBftg« for my maBter, that he intended destroying them that night. Hardy's restless ness from faoe-aehe made him so wakefal, I .feared I should be too late, as I had heard Mr, St. John softly re-enter the library. At last Hardy dropped asleep, and I, dressing myself in the monk's robe, crept down the -servants' staircase, and tbroagb the hall to tbefrent door, whioh I had purposely unlocked the last time I had passed throngh the hall. I went round to the library window, which Mr. Eustace had left open. The curtains were drawn book, I suppose, to admit the moonlight, for the gas was not lit. Mr. Bt. John was standing before the cabinet, whose doors he had just opened. He seemed endeavouring to find eome springy lor I saw him pass his hand several times over one particular part of the carving. Suddenly a drawer sprang open, displaying a carefully tied np parcel. Mr. Eustace took it, ana, with his eyes etill fixed upon it, turned roand. I had, in the meantime, entered by tbe window, and moved close to him, eo that, on his turning, he found himself faoe to face wittame. His look of terror wae Something awful to witness. The packtt feU from his hands, and, aB I approached still nearer, with a low cry of horror, be stepped backhand, Btriking his head againBt tbe door of »he cabinet, dropped senseless almoBt at my feet. I bent over him, fearing he was dead, bat I Boon found it was merely a faint, and, dreading that he might recover consciousness before I had left, I hastily oanght up the pareel, and, touching toe spring in the wall, made my way to my room, where, fortunately, I found Hardy still sleeping.- "I left the Grangaeafly the next morning, and on arriving in London, gare tire tetters to Mrs. Gre J5 ana nnen scanea on my leave, so 'as not' to allow'Vof .anyone questioning me as to how Icl?d obtained them. I only retuirnedrthe very morning Captain Willoiigbby was starting to attend the funeral of yourpoor little nephew, and in the hurry of suoceedingi/events, my master, I suppose, forgot to make any inquiries. Sometimes I fancy Mr. Eustace may have given him some clue as to who took the papers, bnt I may be mistaken. And now, Major Vernon, I think I have explained the whole of the mystery abont the monk and his visits." "You have indeed, Wilson, and I am much obliged to yon for doing so. I confess yonr acting almost made me believe in ghosts 1" The soldier smiled. " That is the greatest compliment I ever had in my lite. Shall I get yonr light, sir ?" he added, at the young officer glanced at the clock. «' Thanks, Wilson," was the reply ; " and good-night." " Good-night, major," the - soldier answered, heartily, as he turned away to his nightly examination of the hom e. Captain Willoughby and Violet had remained, for somo time after their companion's departure, gazing in silence on tbe beautiful landscape that lay bathed in moonlight around them, "Violet," her husband at last said, " I am so glad that those seeming mysteries have been ex plained." ... " Yes," she answered, looking np at him with her lovely face so full of innocent happiness tfeat Herbert wondered if earth conld show another Bo pure and ohildlike in its exquisite beauty ; " the dear old home will lose the name that has dang to it for so long." Herbort Willoughby drew his wife cloBer to him, and his voice involuntarily took a more reverent tone, as he said, earnestly : " Thank God for it, my darling ; the evil spirits of envy and hatred have darkened it too long by their nnhappy presence. Let us pray, Violet, that God's Holy Spirit ehall alone rnlo and reign henceforth in the hearts of those -who _ shall inhabit the former " Haunted Grange." XHH KND.j 