STORY-TELLR.a Two Daughters of one Race. CHAPTER II. "I think those people you associate with are bad tor~.-you in every way, Jeanie," I.say more gently; " bad for )our mind a:lad manners, and prospects too. Why should you not haye a position of your own in the :..orld as well as8 them ?" I continue hotly. "I want~to see you something better and happier, and more piized and valued than as Miss Ravenscourt's useful willing friend and companioni; and I dq not believe, Jeanie, that tor all Mary's coarse flattery of.your per sonal appearance, I. do not believe that you will ever meet amongst her -friends a man worthy of your love worthy or suitable to be your husband; solemnly and truly, Jeanie, I do not!" Jeanie looks up suddenly, her pale face flaming with crimson blush, her lips parted, and an eager light in her her blue eyes. " Why-why do you speak so, Heleu ?" she asks in a breathless kind of way. SBecause iis the-truth." I said ly, and thinking of the torn pen cilled note, I go on more sternly, "And I believe it is also the truth when I say that from my knowledge of Miss 'tavencouit's character and conduct-agodless "woman,' familiar with falsehood and deceit-that to be known as her chosen friend and con fidante is in itself alone condemnation foryou in the eyes of any honourable man-a man with a pure end high ideal of womanhood ! Jeanie," I say with a passionate impulse I cannot define, " nothing good will ever come to you of your fatal friendship with Edith Ravenscourt; neither honour, nor happiness, nor prosperity. It is bad enough now in the thraldom of your infatuation for an unworthy wo man, but, 0 Jeanie, if it were worse still, if you ireheld in a thraldom of infatu ai deeper and stronger still, if you caema to give your first love and all your life's hopes to oneof Edith Ravenscotirt's class, a man as worldly and selfish and dishonourable in dealing asshe is, I would rather, Jeanie, I would rather see you die before my e;sid and put you in your coffin with my own hands !" My sister does not answer me by one word, but she raises her large blue eyes for a moment and looks at me-a look of unutterable anguish, which I cannot comprehend; and then she turns-and walks away in silence to the distant window, with out a word or sign of reproach or denial, as if she were a criminal, and I her stern just judge who had pro nounced her doom! CHAPTER III.? There is absolute silence for a long I time, and shocked at my own harsh speech I sit in bitter self-upbraiding I until I have grown so penitent towards I Jeanie and angry towards myseli that I begin to resolve for the future that I will try if I cannot make some compromise, for Jeanie's sake; go more into society with her ; go to Hampstead now and then; make myself useful and agreeable to Mary, and exercise a watchful guardianship over Jeanie, without interfering ma terially with her enjoyments. I have exhausted my pent-up wrath against the Ravenscourts, and it is misery to me to see Jeanie's fair dear face so piteous in its pallor; and, as she stands in lonely suffering yonder. I can see her slender form trembling, and see the tears glistening on her longdark lashee. I long to have done with the sub. ject that has brought this unhappiness between us, and, like an inspiration, comeis to me a scheme for a little enjoyment, a day of pleasure for Jeanie and me. We 'will get up an excursion-a pio-nic--a water party-1 know not what-but something which will give us a day in the open air and the sunshine, to enjoy ourselves in plea sant company. Jeanie and I, Mre. Hayling and her son, and a friend of his, a Mr. Yorke, whom I have met once in Mrs. Hayling's parlour. They have asked me twice ifI would not join a little party up the river to Twickenham or Hampton Court, or down the river to Greenwich, to dine and spend the day in the park, and then conclude with seats in a theatre for the evening. We will go I decide, and I look up with a smile, which seems to surprise Jeanie, as I go over to her affection ately and propound my scheme of de lights. But Jeanie does not seem delighted. She has been at a great many pic. nices; she has been at Twickenham and Richmond " often and often," she says, wearily, but if I like to go she will be pleased to come too. She is sorry those men are comigg; she would like it better if we were quite alone. "Nonsense, Jeanie,' I say, deter mined to be gay, "you don't appre ciate Robert Hayling half enough. He really is a very agreeable, kind hearted fellow, when you get him to talk freely." Jeanie's rosy lips curled disdain fully. " He is much too superior a person for my taste,'" she answers flippantly. " A good youing man is my pet aver sion.' " " That:is one of Miss Ravenscourt's speeches," I say angrily, feeling un reasonably annoyed at Jeanie's words; for, Robert has impressed me with the feeling that whatever he may lack in polish or ultra-refinement he makes up for in manliness and kind- hearti ness: He is very good-looking too of the fair florid type-broad chested, fresh-coloured, fair-hailed, as if his days were spent on Icottish moors in stead of in the thronged streets, the smoke and gas of busy London life. " But Robert never misses his cold bath every morning of his life," his mother informs me confidentially, 'and he and George Yorke go every autumn to Norway for a month, and comeback as strong lions !" I am interested in hearing this, as Mr.-Hayling's superb physical health was rather a puzzle to a thoughtful yomlung woman like myself; but I shrink from hearing Teanie ridicule Robert Hayling's cold baths and Nor way tours, his fresh colour, and crisp chestnut hair, and five feet ten of muscular manhood. " I suppose," I continue rather bit terly, "that ]may conclude Captain Ronald Conyrighaeme is anything but 'a good young man,' or you and Miss Edith would not approve of him. " Me! I approve! Helen, what do you mean ?" Jeanie stammers, flush ing scarlet again. " I didn't know that you knew anything about him." " I know as much as that i" I reply speaking rather at random; " and of course you approve of what she ap proves." " Pray, when is that marriage to take place?" I continue scornfully. " I thought the gallant captain was expected home long since !" " Expected home i" repeats Jeanie, with a sudden stare of bewilderment. " Why, I thought you knew-I mean -that-" A sudden enlightenment, from the bitter experience last night, comes to me. " That he is home, you mean ?" I say, watching Jeanie curiously. ,'I suppose I must not ask why it is kept a secret, Jeanie 1" "Because-he-his uncle-" she begins, faltering, and avoiding my eyes. S"Oh, never mind !" I cry in im patient disgust; "I don't want to hear Miss Ravenacourt's reasons for dishonourable, underhand conduct. I daresay the love affair would lose all interest for her and Captain Conynghaeme, if there were nothing clandestine or deceitful about it." Jeanie flushes up with a sudden strange defiance, her eyes glittering, her breast heaving. "You are very hard, Helen! You think that everyone that is agreeable or handsome, or interesting in any way must be wicked and dangerous! The Haylings, I suppose, tell you stories about the wickedness of fash ionable people; and because you know nothing about it yourself, as you never go anywhere and lead a hermit's life, you believe them, and tell me my friends are everything that is worldly and selfish and dishonor able !" And ahe breaks down in a fit of passibnate sobbing, and I am remorse ful and angry with myself once more, and inolined to agree with 3eanie's opinion of me. Perhaps she is part ly right, and my secluded life may have unconsciously harrowed my mind, and tinged it with rancourous strictness towards those people who are not of my world. And after all my bitter vengeful thoughts the secret I have discovered appears to be not the blame-worthy one I had imagined,-only a stolen interview between Edith Ravenscourt and her affianced lover, and which Jeanie helped them to accomplish. I do not like the affair or my sisters share in it, but I have been indulging in undeserved evil thoughts, I have been uncharitable cowards Edith Ravenscourt, and unkind to my sister. However. I will make amends for it without delay. "I did not mean to hurt your feel ings, dear, and I am sorry if I have been unjust or uncharitable," I say gently; and then I go downstairs to consult with Mrs. Hayling about the projected excursion. She seems greatly gratified, and says, "Robert and George Yorke will be delighted;" and then, after a gieat deal of discus sion on the subject, a discussion in which Jeanie refuses languidly to join, we decide on Greenwich Park; to go down by water, and to dine, and stroll about the park; and then drive home in an open carriage, and go and see a new much talked-of piece at one of the theatres. It will be quite a f~te.day, and I am half-ashamed to feel how delight edly I am looking forward to it. " We are sure to enjoy ourselves if the weather is tolerable," I say hilari ously to Jeanie, "and the glass is steady, Robert Hayling says, and if it should rain we can come home by rail, and then it won't matter in the theatre. I will do up your hat again, Jeanie, the lace looks rather sullied." "Oh, it will do very well, Helen," she says slowly, "You spend too much time and care on me. I am not worth it." "Jeanie, darling," I say pleading ly, "don't talk so! It is my greatest happiness to see you happy. Don't you care for this little party after all, dear? Would you rather go to Flampstead for the day ? It will dis appoint Mrs. Hayling and Robert so much !" " I:dont care for Mrs. Hayling or 'Robert,'" Jeannie replies coldly; "I care foryou. Gfcourse we will g·o to Greenwich, Helen, since you like to go " " And you do not !" I say, ready to cry with disappointment, like a big baby. "Yes, I do! Yes, I will!" Jeanie exclaims suddenly and passionately, as if she had overcome in some severe struggle with herself. " I iill go, of course, Helen, and put on all my war paint and fascinate ' Robert' and his friend, too, and not leave you a ghost of a chance! Shall 1 go out and get the lace for my hat, and a new veil and gloves ?" "Very well, dear," I reply, only too glad at the sudden change in her manner; and Jeanie goes out on her errand whilst I am busy in furbishing up some of my faded garments to make a decent appear ance in the summer sunshine. It takes all our spare money to dress Jeanie fit to appear among Mary's fine frends, and I will not have my darling shabbily or unfashionably clad, no matter what I go without. As Jeanie says, I never go any where, and my one rusty black silk does for best for three summers run ning. Jeanie is a long time gone, two hours and more, and returns without I anything but her gloves. "I could not see any lace I cared for, Helen," she begins, hurriedly," and I walked ever so far, and I am so tired!" SShe looked flushed and weary, and throws herself down on the sofa, and buries her face in the cushions, I "Well, never mind, I have have some I can make do for the pre sent," I reply, rather cast down at this strange disregard of Jeanie's concerninog a matter of personal adornment. "Let me see your gloves, dear ?" She takes them from her pocket ! and throws them carelessly across the the table. "Why! these are beautiful gloves, Jeanie !" I exclaim, astonished. For the exquisite creamy hid, the hue of a tea-rose, is faultless in cut and shape and tint, is four-buttoned, and has the name of one of thebest French manufacturers inside. "How much . did you give for them ?" " Idon't know," Jeanie mutters, peevishly. "What did you say? i The price? Three or four shillings; I forget! I had some money Marie gave me. How you do worry one about every trifle !" I trim Jeanie's hat in silence after this, and Jeanie lies on the sofa all the evening and complains of head ache. Later on, coming into the room, I find her eyes red with weeping, and she begs me with sobs to give her some medicine to put her asleep. "I have slept badly lately, Helen,"' she whispers, and I feel the hot tears running down her face; "I dare not go to bed to-night. I shall be ill if you do not give me a sleeping- draught -chloral-laudanum-anything !" " If we were not going to Green wicb to.merrow I should take you to a doctor," I murmur to myself as I hurry out to the nearest chemist's; "there is something wrong-some strain on her nerves of body or mind. O Jeanie, ifI were to lose you!" But the chemist, a polite, pleasant, bald-headed man, to whom I confide a hasty sketch of Jeanie's low spirits and sleeplessness, blandly explains away my fears. ' A mere nothing- the heat of the weather," he says in a gently confi dential manner. "From the country, j you say? Ah! that explains it; the pure air of Scotland is very different I to what you get here, my dear lady. That is what your sister wants native air; just suffering from de bility and lack of plenty of fresh air -just as a flewer droops, you know. Go away for a few weeks as soon as you can-that is the best prescription, and indeed, all that is needful." " All that is needful!" I repeat this over and over to myself, as a .panacea for a thousand rising fears. I give Jeanie her sleeping portion and see her sink into a deep quiet sleep, and I ]iedown to rest beside the pillow on which reposes the gold en head, the fair young sleeping face. O, my sister! my sister! For the last-the very last time, I kiss your pure face lying beside mine, and gently lay back on your pillow the falling locks of your loose shining hair. Never again, my Jeanie, as I kiss you now, for" all that is need ful " to restore you to me as the little sister I have cherished for nineteen years, is a power mighty enough to retrace trodden footsteps, to obliter ate the memory even of fatal error, to raise again from its grave an affeo tion betrayed and slain by the hand it loved best! OHAPTER IV. The next day dawns cloudless, with brilliant sunshine and a slight breeze. "It will be delightful on the water," we say to each other as we all meet for breakfast in Mrs. Hay ling's parlour, for the kind soul, re solving to make our fdte-day as long as possible, has begum by inviting ius all to a most appetising and bounti fully spread breakfast. Mr. Yorke, who lives at the other aide of the square, joins us also at breakfast, and we are quite a merry party. For the tears, and reproaches, and forebodings of yesterday seem to have fled away for ever, and of all the bright faces around Mrs. Hayling's sparkling breakfast.table, decorated with her finest linen, her carefully kept'fine old china, and some handsome pieces of family plate, none is brighter than Jeanie's. She is radiant with gaiety and high tpirits, and I laugh to scorn my fears of the last unhappy twenty-four hbure. Yet I cannot help growing confidential on the subject with Mrs. Hayling as we sit together on the deck of the steamer. " How do you think Jeanie is looking Mrs. Hayling?" I ask. " I have been anxious about her lately." " Well," thh natr.n answers, glancing in the direction I indicate, where Jeanie stands absorbing the attention and admiration of both the young men of our party, '"I think she is beautifully dressed and looks very elegant and attractive, Miss Musgrave, if that is what you mean." The words are spoken. with a cool and not over- pleased deliberateness, and there is somethiutg in the tone that makes me involuntarily glance from Jeanie's costume of a shade of creamy pink with soft ribbons of pale azure, a costume that I and our little dressmaker who works with us copied exactly from a chef-d' <Euvre in a West End milliner's window, with the ochapoeau of pale blue silk and a cluster of tea-roses to match,' and her exquisite new gloves and lace.covered parasol, to my own rusty black silk two years behind the fashion, and my cheap black mantle. There is no use in telling Mrs. Hay ling of Jeanie's sleeplessness and low spirits. I feel silenced and uncom fortable, and even when Robert Hay ling comes up to me to talk I wish he would go away again, and not draw unpleasant and invidious com parisons between Jeanie's youth and beauty and dainty apparel, and my twenty- nine years, my grave colour less face, and my shabby old-maidish attire. But be does not go away. He sits and talks to me, and hie mother leaves us to ourselves,- and we get very friendly; and I find myself growing cornfidential and telling him stories of our life in Scotland, and asking his opinions, and lecturing him, and laughing at him, until our pleasant brief voyage down the sunlit sparkling river is ended, and we go on shore and ramble away under the old trees, and hilly park lands and buy fruit of itinerant vendors, and eat ripe cheeries and strawberries as we stroll along, and are Bohemian and happy. Mrs. Hayling is the most agreeable and least exacting of chaperones. Jeanie seemed resolved on the sudden subjugation and hopeless fascination of George Yorke, and that dark haired, clever-looking, rather melan choly youth seems equally bent on helpless surrender to the power of her charms. Robert Hayling grins surreptitious ly behind his friend's back and de livers extremely far- fetched jokes, which amuse himself intensely, and at which I politely smile, uncompre. handing. But I cannot help thinking about future possibilities and probabilities as we pace along through the warm grass, flecked with gold through the shadow of the thick summer foliage, keeping in view the slight graceful figure in the pale pink dress and the figure in the grey tweed suit keeping so clo e beside it, with down-bent head inclining near the blue silk hat with a cluster of tea-roses, and I question my escort in what I hope is a very politic and guarded manner, and which he responds to with a direct, honest, plain speaking which ruffles my dignity. "There is not a better, more hon ourable fellow breathing than Yorke," he says, eagerly, " He never appears much to advantnge until you know hiu well-reserved, and a little awlk ward, you know, but he is one of the cleverest, best-readfellows I know; raporter and journalist, you know', whilst hedis waiting for the briefs. There is money in the family too, and he is an only son, and his mother is a very nice woman and adores him, and I believe she is the ruling power 'the grey mare,' you know, Miss Etsgrave-and he is one of the best and kindest-hearted fellows you ever met," goes on George Yorke's friend volubly, and a great deal more to the same effect, and he winds up with the assertion spoken in a lower tone as if with special meaning, "I know if I had a sister I would never wish her a better lot than to be Yorke's wife. He is a good fellow and a gentleman, to the core of his heart !" "You are enthusiastic respecting yourfidus Achates, Mr. Hayling," I say coldly. "What ?" he says simply, with a puzzled stare; and feeling a little ashamed of my grandiloquence I answer more affably, "You praise your friend very warmly." "Because I know him thoroughly these five years, and we've been to gether, travellingand that, where a man's real character, selfishness or disagreeableness, is sure to come out," answers Robert Hayling plainly. I look again at the figures of my sister and her attentive companion, and see them walk from beneath the tree-shadow into the broad sunshine, and I take it as an omen of good; and my heart grows lighter yet, and my spirits rise higher, and when we all meet in the hotel where we are to dine and rest before going to visit the Hospital, I am half-ashamed to see what rosy cheeks Ihave ; and how my smooth chestnut hair has become loosened into ripples and blown into a bright tangle beneath my black bonnet, and what a very gay Bohe mian.looking person prim Belen Musgrave has become in a ta-o hours' stroll in the summer woodland. Nothing seems to occur to mar the enjoyment of that day. The dinner, though simple, is well-cooked, well served, and altogether delicious, we think. We are hungry and happy when we come in; we are happier and not hungry as we sit over our dessert of strawberries and cream and Naples biscuits. And the gayest and happiest of us Iall is my Juanie. She has been talking and laughing all dinner-time, and now when we go to arrange our hair and. make our selves neat to visit the Hospital, she gaily insists on drs. IHayling com ing into the room with us whilst we perform our toilettes, and talks to her whilst she brushes out her golden hair. And yet-and yet-is it a dark spectre haunting me through the gladness and brightness of this day, tlat comes with the chill shadow across my spirit for a brief moment, now and then ? " Don't you think, my dears, if you were to lie down on that nice white bed for an hour, whilst we all doze in our chairs in the parlour, it would rest and refresh you wonderfully ?" M's. Hayling suggests. " We have a longday befoxe us yet, and going to the theatre to-night, you know." (1b be coniwnued.) 