SUNDAY READING, i A. Bad Promise Well. Broken.; ' A Good Promise Sacrificed. > ; " A certain man bad two sods ; and he came to: the - first, and to id: Sob, go work to-day in my vineyard. He answered, and said: I will sot; but afterwards bo, repeated and went. And be caxno to tbe second, and saiJ likewise, and be answered and said:- I go/ iir, ' aud went not."—Matt. xxl. 28,29,30. \\.:M WniLE I was casting about in my mind; as to what I should preach about > to-,. .7 night, my door-bell rung. I was callod to tho . dying bed of a Christian woman; and while .-I stood thero amid the weoping kindred and heard tho last whisper of a soul pushing out - i into the great beyond, I said within myself: • what is there on earth, in impoitance, com- •• pared with preparation for eternity ? And, I said then and there to myself: when Sabbath - ) comes, morning and eveaing, I sbill aland bo* foro multitudes of aouls who will very soon bo in the same position of this dying one ; and I .{ must bring a message, God blessing it, to help •; them to prepare for this future. And here is : the message. Yonder is a vineyard. It is July in Pales tine. I look over the edge of the vineyard and < I find that it is all overgrown with largo . ' grapes. They tell us that in this land in those days there wera Borne single clusters of grapes that weighed twelve pounds. X think that some 6f the vines may have been transplanted from the hills of Eu-gedi and the valleys of Eahcol. Splendid vines they were. And X . look over and I see tho man who owns the vineyard, and I find ho has two sons. He is very anxious that they go and tak£ care of the vineyard. There are hundreds and-thousands . of dollars' worth of vintage that must imme- . diately bo looked after or perish.. The first eon mude a flat refusal. He said: "I won't go. If father wants that vineyard looked after, let hira get somebody else to do it, or ehc attend to the matter himself. I have other matters to look after." But after awhila he begins to toliloquizo, aud he says within himself: " I wonder if this Is treating father as he ought to be treated? Wht*t a pity it would be to have all those grapes spoil. Isn't •.. it mean in me to refuse to do that which iB so very reasonable ? Here I am not ashamed to confeea I was wrong, and I will just go and ; attend to this matter. Father,' where is .the ; : knife P and at what end.of the arbour do-yon want me to begin ?" Bravo! It is a grand ... thing to see a young.man or an old man, when ; he is wrung, confers it, and try to do right. I want nothing to do with a man who does not know how to make an apology. The first - young man of the text Christ uses as a type of these persons who openly reject the Christian religion, who say: '• We don't want any of •... that influence around us. We don't want the -Bible. We don't want Christ. We are dis gusted with churches and ministers, .and all ' tnis that profess to bo sacred. Away with your religious nonsense." But the very next time you see him, he is, body, mind,. and soul, enlisted in the front rank of Christians. There I are people within twenty yards of where. I I stand to-night, who are illustrations of that very ! thing. I could call them by name* " Where sin abounded, grace doth much more abound." They said: " I will not,'* bat they repented and went. God bUss them. But here is another young man in the text. . As soon as the father points him to the vineyard, he says : "Yes, sir, I will go. It is very right that I* _ should serve him. Those crapes ought to bs picket*. You will be surprised how many of : those -ripe clusters I shall "gather into the, baskets before nightfall. Yes, sir.; I will god father." He iied. He did not go. He took it all out in promises.- Ho said: * I go, sir : but ho went not. And Christ uses him as an .. illustration of a very largo number of people who promise to become Christian?, but ever- _ lastingly are breaking tho solemn engagement. 'I wish to night, in tho first part of mydifl-* course, to try to address myself to those who openly aud above board reject the Christian religion; and then in the latter part of my • sermon, I will have time to address myself to those who have a long while been promising to become Christians and havo always broken their promises. Do you tell me that I dare not address the first class f ■ I dare. I belonged to that class. I know all about them. If I should put my haud on such an one's shoulder, and say: " Bo* com© a Christina tonightl"he would say,with an emphasis that would resound through tho Tabernacle: 44 No I I«didn*t oos&e; in here for . that purposo. Some of the worst scoundrels that I have ever known have belonged to tho Church. You may have all your prayers, and all your preaching, and all your religious talk; but.don't bother ine about religion." Let rae say I have the strongest hope, a stronger hope for this cUss of man thin for almost any other. .1 like a positive man, aud not one half-and half. I know that when such a man is per suaded he is wrong, and turns in the other direc tion, he will be just as positive in that direction. I suppose you will allow me to call you " bro ther." I havo no gown, no bands, no'surplice, not evou a whito necktie. The platform on which I stand may bo higher than the pews in which you sit. It is not because I set myself ^ higher than you, but only that standing here I may gain your attention. And these things beiug so, you say then: 441 am willing to call ;you and to altow you to*call mo 'brother.* * • 8o a great point is gained. Now, I propose to aak you a series of questions, my brother, and four silence wilt give consent. Is. God your 'ather ? " Yes. 'Has He been kind find loving, and tender, and patient with you ? Has He clothed, and sheltered, and fed you ? Yes. Has given you a home, and a good many very good friends ? Yes. And do all these things, all these kindnesses on the part of God, imply that you ought to love Him? ^es. Do you love Him ? You acknowledge it is fair, and right, and honest, and just that you should, and yet how many of my dear friends in this house to-night are in their 6ouls compelled to answer: "No, I don't love Him." 1 go on with more questions. Have you found out that this world cannot make you happy r Yes. Have you 60unded it and found it a hollow world? Yes. Has it slandered you, and abused you, and maltreated you, aud have its highest enjoyments had fearful reactions ? Yes. Have its gains, and intoxications, and approvals been -fearful failures, and do you feel down in the depths of your soul to-night, a longing for something better thau this world can give you? Yes! Yes! If I can show you a religion that will soothe your sorrows and help you iu all your distresses, and for ten thousand million ages give you unalloyed hap piness, will you accept it ? ^ es. Have you had kindred or friends—I do not say a great many of them—but have you had kindred or friends who espoused Christianity, lived con* ; aistently, died gloriously ? Yes. Now, I do not ask yon to take my testimony. I ask you to take theirs. They pronounced religion a Joy in life, and peace in d<ath, a brilliant anlt „ eip&tion; for eternity. By the life and death of those whom you loved, and who adorned the • Christian name, I demand that you acknow ledge that there is something in religion worth having, after all. You will not charge false hood upon their dying pillow. You look back ten, twenty, thirty, forty years ago to your father's bouse. There came a crisis of sickness or death to that household. Who in the house hold bore up the beat under the trouble ? Those who were Christians, or those who were not ? When your little sister di d, and she laid in the next room, what did yonr Christian mother gay about it ? And how did she put her hand on your father's shoulder, who was almost frantic with grief, and tell him to be comforted, that Jesus had taken the dear little lamb, and that all would be well ?' Do you remember it ? She was frail in body, she was very tender hearted, and yet how she bore up uoder it though she had not slept for three or four weeks during the iline?6; or sleeping in the nextTOom, had every few moments rushed out at thecongh or at the stir, fearingthat it was the last moment. Do yon remember it ? When the last moment had come, aud she bent over and kissed the white lips, and said: " The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be the name of the Lord,"—Was it all th&m; ? 0, no. You have seen enough of Christ's power to soothe the broken-hearted to make you confess to-nght, in all frankness and honesty, that the grace of God is a magnificent and triumphant reality. I should not wonder if some of you in this class to whom I am now speaking, had chil dren in heaven. You certainly do not adopt the horrible doctrine of annihilation. You do not think that the hoof of the pale horse had crushed that bud into the dust for ever. Where did yon get the idea that your departed child is happy ? From Mahommedanism f O, no. From Paganism? 0,no. From human philosophy? O, no. From the Bible ? Aye, from the Bible, either directly or indirectly; and so you see, there is something in the Bible that is true, after all. O, it is amazing ho w'many people have been brought to Christ by iLe death of tbtir children. It teems as if when a man cannot be touched in any other way, God touches him in that way. There was a dying girl in England. She sent for an evangelist. He came to pray with her. She said: "Pray now for father, and mother, and brother; tKey are not Christians." And he knelt down and prayed for them. After he had risen, the dying girl said: "Mamma, will you be come a Christian, and will you meet me in heaven ?" She said: "I will." Then the girl turned to her father, and said: " Papa, will you become a Christian, and meet me in heaven T* and he replied : *4 My diar child, I will." Then she turned to her brother, aod ,' said: " Will you become a Christian and meet me in heaven?'' and he replied, UI will." . Then she legan to beckon, and they said to her: "What are you beckoning for ?" She said: "I am beckoning to Jesus to come. Come, Jesus. Cotne, Jesus. Come, Jesus." 0, do you wonder that that little hand thrnst from under the coverlet, preached that whole household into the kingdom of God ? And are there not some of you to-night rushed upon by such roemori s as are enough to shake the foundations of that determination that you will pot serve God ? O my brother, you cannot afford, yon cannot affjrd to be lost. You can not wade through all the prayers'that have been offered for your redemption. You stand chin-deep in the streams of God's mercy. 'Yon have been called, and invited, and thundered at, and coaxed1 until Sinai has no more Ihrea ftentngs to offer, and Calvary has no more ten derness to plead O Heaven, will they shot -themselves out from thy glory ? O ' World of Darkness, will they dare all thy pangs ? O Judgment Day, will they fling themselves tinder thy falling mountains ? This night and this Tabernacle are the Thermopylae ia which the destiny of thy soul will ha decided. To night! Tonight! Ten million ages from \- now, you will look back upon this hour as the one in which you were saved or lost. Torn . ye, for why will yc die ? u, break the infa tuation now! Let it be recorded of you as was recorded of this young-roan in the text. He said: "I^will not, but afterward- he re pented and - went." Let in e tell you, my brothers, that there have been men just as much set against religion as you are, and yet they surrendered to Christ. "Do you know the story of John Banyan, declaring that he would cot go- into the kingdom of God with an oath so horrid that even the abandoned people in the street tried to bush him up, and yet, in a little whiledreaming a dream of heaven so : sweet that the mere recital cj it has enchanted All Christendom ? Mr. Madden wont to scoff John Wesley while he preached, and the more announcement of the text : "Prepare to meet thy God," converted him. Only a few months ago, in New York City, a man in in dignation leaped with both feet upon the Bible, so did he hate it; yet in a few weeks after, he held that very Bible on bis lap reading with tearful eyes the glorious promises. Some time ago, when we were worshipping iu tho Academy of Music, there came in three young men and thiee young ladies, evidently to make sport of the religious solemnities. In the early part of tho services, they wrote notes, and laughed, and jeered. In the midst of the sermon they bowed their heads. At the close of the services, all six rose np with tearful eyes, begging for the prayers of God's people. O, it is a mighty Gospel, charged with the invitations and the condemnations of hell. It has overcome other souls, and to-night it will, by the graco of the omnipotent Christ, overcome you. Do not : look around as though yon felt nothing on this subject. Your eyes are already moist with tears, and there is a trembling down in the depth of your heart, and your feet are slipping over the brink, and this night you may be in hell! O, atop! stop! immortal man, immortal woman. I ring tho last bell of God's invitation to your soul. This may be your last night on earth, this the last Gospel sermon you will over hear, this tho last call of the Holy Spirit that will ever 6trike your soni. When wo meet the next time, it may be when the world is in a blaze, and pardon and-repentance are impos sible. 0 that to-night it might be written of you: " He said I will not, but afterward he re pented and went." Now, I have a word for another class, and that is for those who have been promising to become Christians, hut all the time breaking their promises—represented by this other young man in the text. - £ suppose, my dear friends, you think your case is very promising. Ah no, it is not half so bright as the ca6o of those I have been talking about. You have been pro mising to become Christians a gcod while, but you have always broken your promise. When did you first promise P Perhaps it was when you were fiat on your back in fearful sickness. You knew the chances were sg&inst; your getting well. There was tho nurse sitting by you— the clock ticking away the painful hours. You turned your head on tho hot pillow, and said : 44 What timo is it ?" They said: " One o'clock." 44 O," you said : 441 thought it was three or fonr o'clock. How long the night is, isn't it ?" And just then and there you said: 44 0 Lord, let me get well and I will servo Thee." You got well. You are well to night. You said : *' I go, sir ;** but yi u went not. Or it was in tho hour of spiritual awaken ing. Your friends were all getting into the. kingdom of God. Tou said : 441 will attend to the matter to-morrow, or next week, or next month, or uexi yearbut yon let the harvest season pass by. You said: 441 go, sir;" hot you went not. Or, there was danger that a loved one would be taken from yonr house hold ; and so you went to the doctor as he went to the door, and you asked him about the case, and you tried to get him committed.positively on the side of the recovery of your loved one; but he gave you no satisfaction; and you pressed him still further with questions until: he gave you that answer which a physician j always gives when.be does not want to" break I the heart, and at the same time has given up ] the case: 44 As long as there is life, there is | hope." You said: 44 0 Lord, let her get well, ! and I will serve Thee." Sho got well. Have i you served Him? No! You said: 111 go, sir;" but you went not. 0, how many broken promises to God and your own deathless spirit. Your hand, yonr head, your heart filled with'promises that you have not kept solemn promises—promises made with tears, promises with the shadow of the eternal world on them. Why, you might better have never made any promises at all, than, having made a promise, to have despised, and rejected it, and broken iL Yet co great is the infatuation to night, that while I speak there are a thousand 60uls in this audience promising for the future uot k owing however, that those promises will be broken, like all the promises of the past. 0 spirits of darkness, down to the pit! ihrow not over this audience the delusion of future repentance. Thou liest. Thou kuowest that if they miss this chance for heaven, they miss the last chance. Down into the darkness, thou dcspoiler of immortal souls! 0 my hearers, if we could only eeo the blind ness, and the delusion, and the damning infa tuation that press down upon the souls of some here to-night, there would be an agony audible and overwhelming. Aye, there would be a shriek like in the night when the destroying angel swept over Egypt, and there was one dead in each house; for in some of our houses they are ail dead—dead iu trespasses and in eins—dead beyond arousal—dead for ever ! I hare no more faith in words. If I could talk of tho glories of heaven with the tongue of &u; Edward Payson; if I could speak of the sor rows of the banished with the tongue of a Richard Baxter ; if I could describe the glories of the resurrection with the tongue of a St. Paul, I would have no faith in words. My only confidence is in the Omnipotent Spirit, that he will this night break into, this audience, making it to wail for its sins, and to beg for the Divine mercy. Eternal Spirit, speak now ! Tho work is too great for us; we cnunot do it.' All our beseeching fails. Eternal Spirit, speak now! Bid all these souls into the life of the G- spel. Ye dying souls, repent lost the door of mercy be shut, and your condemnation he irrevocable.- O, that'we might have some such praying to-night here, for each other, as the • woman exercised when she prayed for her hus band j and eaid: 44 0 Lord, bring my husband to Christ to-day, or blot out my own name from the book of life." And when thdy tried to huijh her up as having made a rash prayer^ so much more earnestly did sho cry out: 44 0 Lord, bring my husband to Christ to-day, ot blot out my'name from Thy ho-k of Life;".and God. heard, And that day the work wa-< done ; and so far from having bcr name struck off the book of God's remembrance, there was another name set down beside it, and there was joy over that prodigal returned. O, pray for your com panions, pray for your parents, pray for your children, pray for this august assemblage, pray for yourselves. Cnme, Holy Ghost! He has already com». Yield to His influences, yo dying, yet immortal auditory! " 