ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1880. OF the annual outlay requisite for the reclamation of our great interior, the amount expended in the storage of water forms an important item. Indeed water supply works are of just as much im- portance as railways and roads, and when judiciously carried out yield as profitable a return. It is an almost universal feature of this country that the rich land is badly watered, and therefore in its natural state is little more productive than poor land which has the advantage of permanent water. Yet if the country is to make progress, the utilisation of its good lands must be steadily kept in view. Poor and hungry soil, though ever so well watered, cannot be made fruitful either by raising crops or breeding and fattening live stock. A beast compelled to walk many miles a-day for its living, whether it be intended for the breeder or butcher, will never do credit or profit to its owner; and no man in his senses in this country would attempt to cultivate naturally bad or sterile land. The cost of manure is prohibitory, ex- cept when cultivation is pursued on the scale of the Chinese garden, and even then it can only be applied in con- junction with irrigation and cheap Asiatic labour. Of all improvements to land therefore water conservation in a climate like ours must be regarded as the most essential to progress. We have few running streams, and no snow clad mountains, and therefore cannot hope to carry out irrigation by means of canals. Our reliance must therefore be upon reservoirs, tanks, and wells,—upon storage of the rainfall and subterranean springs. Something has already been done in this direction in in this colony. Persons who remember what the Peak Downs were twenty years ago, and know what the state of that dis- trict is now, must be aware that, despite the precariousness of squatting tenure, much has been done by art to supply the deficiencies of nature. And the same may be said of many runs in the far West. There have been numerous failures for want of experience and engineering skill, but there have been also many successes of a most encouraging kind. It has been prac- tically demonstrated, in fact, that where the land is rich there capital may be profitably spent on water supply. The rainfall is everywhere sufficient, with proper appliances, to provide amply for the wants of both man and beast in this respect. Of course progress will be slow, and the supply of artificial water will never be far ahead of the demand. Yet there can be no doubt that the demand can always be met. In India water storage has been carried out on a gigantic scale. It is estimated that no less than 100 millions of people in that country are dependent upon water artificially stored. Their waterworks, both ancient and modern, are said by one writer to " sur- pass in immensity and solidity of con- struction the wonders of the world." Reservoirs for irrigation purposes have been built in almost every valley, ravine, and nook in the country, by which a large proportion of the rainfall is conserved, and almost all their arable land systematically irrigated. " In fourteen districts of the Madras Presidency alone, no less than 43,000 irrigation reservoirs are reported by the Indian Government as being in effective operation, while at least 10,000 have fallen into disuse. The average length of the embankments is half-a-mile ; one of them, now no longer in use, extend- ing for 30 miles and enclosing a space of 80 square miles or over 50,000 acres. The second largest, which is still in use, has an area of 35 square miles and a dam 12 miles in length." But not in India alone is water storage carried out on a large scale. France and Spain are largely supplied with reservoirs, while Italy has more than any other European country. In America, too, and especially in California, much has been done in this direction, and much more is in contemplation. It is cited as a remarkable fact that in certain parts of the interior of America, which are almost rainless, the crops are made much more certain by means of irrigation than in places nearer the coast, where the rain fall is large and more or less distributed throughout the year. The cost of irriga- tion works has been found to range from a dollar an acre upwards, whereas " to clear an acre of average timber land will cost from 12 dollars to 28 dollars per acre." It has been estimated that where the conditions are favourable, " to irri- gate a farm permanently costs but one eighth of the sum necessary to clear it of timber." " In Utah," says an authority, " twenty-two years after the first settle- ment of Salt Lake Valley, 93,799 acres of land were under irrigation at an ex- pense of 250,000 dollars, one canal, 24 miles long, irrigating 50,000 acres of land, and supplying the city of Denver." The charge for water for irrigation pur- poses varies in different places from ten cents to 2 dollars per acre per annum. In parts of California lands which went begging at 5 dollars per acre were eagerly purchased after the construc- tion of irrigation works at 25 to 50 dollars. On the average 50 cents per acre annually, will cover cost of distribution. As to the quantity requisite for irrigation, the maximum in arid climates is set down at "one square inch per acre constantly flowing," and an average consumption of 72 square inches per 1oo acres constantly flowing at the rate of four miles an hour or half a cubic foot per second, exclusive of losses by evaporation and soakage. As to the influence of irrigation upon climate an author says:-"It is found that after a few years of irrigation, the soil requires the artificial application of less water ; that the atmosphere becomes more highly charged with moisture ; and that the evaporation from the surface becomes, in consequence, less and less as years pass ; that the rainfall is in- creased, and that the supply of water becomes relatively more abundant, as the land needs less of it. He adds that the intensity of droughts and hot winds in America will probably become ameliorated more and more as the cultivation of the soil extends." It would appear that in India and Europe the irrigation works are almost entirely in the hands of the Government, while in America they have been chiefly carried out by private enterprise. In India the Government works are officially reported to yield 7 per cent on a total cost of £1,000,000, but we believe that later reports are somewhat less favour- able. While the Government borrows at 3½ per cent, however, it can afford to net considerably less than 7 per cent by its irrigation works. An Ameri- can Commission, appointed by Act of Congress in 1873, reported favourably of the " profitableness and feasibility of irrigation works, and national control over the distribution of water." In this colony we have no waterworks law, and no encouragement is offered to associated enterprise for the storage and distribution of water. But this want, it may be hoped, will not long remain unsupplied. A CORRESPNDENT, signing himself "An Englishman," writes to the Brisbane Courier, advocating the relief of the existing distress in Ireland by means of free emigration from that country to Queensland. His proposal is that the Queensland Parliament should be at once summoned for the transaction of busi- ness:—(1.) To pass a short bill, authorising the Agent-General for Immigration to charter a sufficient number of vessels to sail from Irish ports direct to various ports in this colony, each vessel to bring out a certain number of families from the famine-stricken districts. And (2) that the sum of £500,000 be voted out of the new loan to defray the expense of this plan of immigra- tion. The plan is so absurd that we should not call attention to it but for the circum- stance that the principle underlying it, of establishing a pauper immigration at the expense of the colony, has recently found many advocates. Thc national tendency of the scheme proposed would be to rid the mother country of the helpless and worthless people who are a perpetual charge upon the poor rate, and would in a large majority of cases be equally helpless here. The ne'er-do- well class are generally incurably helpless, and their removal from one country to another will not make them thrifty and independent of chari- table aid. In self-defence Queensland cannot thus undertake the relief of the over-bur- dened parishes of the old country, and so far from this colony being in a position to pay the cost of such immigration, it could not permit it on a large scale on any terms, and were an organised effort made at home to send out paupers to this colony, it would be the duty of the Colonial Government to call upon the Imperial authorities to put a stop to such an unjust proceeding. The interests of the mother country and the colonies in this matter are by no means identical, and the Colonial Governments have undertaken the expense of maintaining agencies of their own in order to select emi- grants suited to the wants of the Colonies. Possibly those agencies have not always been very successful in the class of people they have sent out, but the present system works better than the former one of procuring immi- grants through the agency of the Imperial Commissioners. The classes wanted most in the colonies are able-bodied, hard-working, and industrious, who are also wanted at home. It is only a few years since the English press teemed with complaints that the Colonial immigration agencies were draining the old country of the bone and sinew of its population. If in Queensland immigrants have sometimes come in faster than they could find employ- ment, it has not been so much from their excessive numbers as the want of discrimina- tion in the selection of suitable persons. An industrious, thrifty immigrant usually finds no difficulty in taking care of himself and those belonging to him, and in a new country abounding in undeveloped resources such additions to our population do not help to lower wages, but open new avenues of employ- ment and assist in the accumulation of wealth. We were shown by Mr. Joseph Pattison, on Saturday, a cake of gold weighing 7 ozs, 15½ dwts. obtained by O'Donoghue and party at the Ridgelands diggings from two and a quarter tons of stuff. The party are down sixty feet, and the claim shows fair prospects. The great drawback on the field is the want of a can hinge machine, which it is stated would pay any one to erect on the field. The gold brought £3 13s. per ounce. ON Saturday the Police Magistrate granted a slaughtering license to Sarah Watson of , Gracemere. THE Customs collections at this port from January 26 to 31 inclusive, amounted to £1183 18s. 5d., and for the past month £6455 2s. 8d. This shows, as compared with the corresponding month of last year, a gratifying increase of £1237 8s. 2d. THE Maryborough papers evidently feel very much aggrieved by the determination of the Government to send the dredge Lytton to the Fitzroy River. The Chronicle of the 27th ultimo says:—"The Governor Blackall, s.s., again under the command of Captain C. J. Nightingall who is transferred to her from the ' Egmont,' is due here to-day from Brisbane, and is under charter to tow the dredge Lytton to her long home in the Fitzroy river. The very elements are with us in protesting against this piece of engineering folly, for we learn that the heavy weather prevailing on the coast renders the departure of the old dredge at present an impossibility. We should not like the Lytton to come to grief en route and fetch bottom in about 120 fathoms, as she probably would if exposed to a heavy sea, though, should such a catastrophe occur, there are some heartless members of the great Liberal party who would laugh most con- sumedly." [We learn by telegram that the s.s. Governor Blackall, with the Lytton in tow, passed woody Island on Saturday, bound for this port.—Ed. M.B.] AT the Police Court on Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, two drunkards were fined 5s. each. A charge against John Joyce of being of unsound mind was withdrawn, and defendant was charged with assaulting his wife, Ellen Joyce. Senior-constable Hardy deposed to the arrest of the defendant by virtue of a warrant at Denis' Hotel yesterday morning; he had known defendant for the past six years, and knew that he had been brought before the Court for assaults and drunkenness ; he arrested defendant on one occasion for attempting to strike his wife with a tomahawk. Sergeant Burke testified to the charges brought against defendant on several occasions. Ellen Joyce deposed to the fact of defendant having struck her several times, leaving some marks on her face and arm ; she held the license of the Denis Hotel in her own name, and had obtained a separation order from the Bench. William Kay Higson gave evidence respecting the marks of bruises shown him by Mrs. Joyce. The Bench sentenced the defendant to six months' imprisonment in Rockhampton gaol, and at the expiration of that period to find sureties—himself in £50 and two sureties of £25 each to keep the peace for a further period of six months. The undoubted success which has marked the establishment of Grammar School Scholar- ships, as testified by the University examina- tions of New South Wales and Victoria, has evoked an interest concerning them which augurs well for their continued usefulness in the cause of education. At the last examina- tion, held in December, ninety- six boys and twenty-five girls from the Primary Schools of the colony competed for these prizes. The results have just been published, and show that of the above number twenty-four boys and eight girls have been successful. The following are the names of the successful pupils, in order of merit :—Boys.—(1) Arthur Blackett Smith, Central School, Brisbane ; (2) William James Buzacott, Central School, Brisbane ; (3) Edward M. Colclough, Central School, Brisbane ; (4) Frank H. Wheeler, Central School, Brisbane (the last two equal) ; (5) George A. Cole, Gympie Central School ; (6) George L. Archer, Rockhampton Central School; (7) John T. R. Cook, Mackay; (8) Albert H. Hoskin, Leichhardt-street, Brisbane ; (9) Percy Eckersley, Ipswich (Roman Catholic) ; (10) William R. Keenan, Central School, Brisbane ; (11) George Howman, Central School, Brisbane (the last two equal) ; (12) Charles A. Muller, Central School, Bris- bane ; (13) Colin G. Wilson, Coorparoo, Bris- bane (the last two equal) ; (14) Henry W. Maynard, Gympie, One-mile ; (15) William George Conley, Warwick West ; (16) Thomas Dinsdale, Leichhardt-street, Brisbane ; (17) William A. Hargreaves, Ipswich West; (18) Wm. James Macnish, Maryborough Central School; (19) Wm. Moodie, Central School, Brisbane ; (20) William Newall, Central School, Brisbane; (21) Charles A. P. M'Groarty, Toowoomba South (the last two equal); (22) Harry R. H. Jordan, Petrie Terrace, Brisbane ; (23) Charles H. Adam, Maryborough Central School ; (24) John Crawford, Kangaroo Point, Brisbane ; (the last three equal). Girls.—(1) Emily Margaret Scott, Kangaroo Point, Brisbane ; (2) Agnes R. Sinclair, Central School, Brisbane; (3) Emily Alice Fox (the last two equal) ; (4) Jane Dunbar, Goodna ; (5) Jessie Manwaring, Enoggera; (6) Elizabeth Crawford, Leich- hardt-street, Brisbane ; (7) Charlotte Ross, Goodna; (8) Emily Jones, Central School, Brisbane. THE Zingari and Fitzroy Cricket Clubs met in a match at North Rockhampton on Satur- day last. Thc former team in their first innings were fairly successful with the bat, considering thc good bowling opposed to them, but in their second innings no less than eight wickets were lost for as many runs. Only two of thc Fitzroy Eleven made any stand against their opponents, viz., the two last men—Richardson and Mills—both of whom showed good cricket for their respective 14 and 9. Messrs. T. V. Nobbs and J. Barber acted as umpires. The scores are :— ZINGARI C. C.—FIRST INNINGS. W. M'Clelland, b Comley 7 Cruden, b Smallwood 2 Shaw, b Comley 1 A. M'Clelland, b Smallwood 2 Bartlem, c Buchanan b Smallwood 4 Kelly, b Smallwood 3 Belfield, run out 15 A. Boldeman, c Cheshire b Kaine 3 Pummell, b Kaine 5 Sinden, b Smallwood 2 Haswell, not out 3 Byes 11, leg-byes 3 14 Total 61 FITZROY C. C. — FIRST INNINGS. Kaine, c Belfield b Bartlem 6 Comley, b Boldeman 1 Lee, c Cruden, b Boldeman 2 Smith, b Bartlem 4 Crow, b Boldeman 0 Jones, run out 0 Cheshire, b Boldeman 2 Buchanan, c Shaw b Boldeman 0 Smallwood, b Bartlem 7 Richardson, c Belfield b Boldeman 14 Mills, not out 9 Byes 3, leg-bye 1 4 Total 49 Kl.Millll C. C.-SKCIIMI IXMMIM. S!I:IW. li Smallwood . A.r.oM.an. run ..nt. W. Mi Minmi, nm mil. ll ??lie' l, I. IC iin ?. I1. .? 1 l.-i-l, li Kaine. I'm....:, ll. I. K line .. A. .YT« -1.11:11.1. 1. Smallwood Ci.i l.-ii. .? K iii.,', 1. small»-.I s.n.I.-...lout . Total fur eight wickets A Government Gazelle extraordinär; was issued on Tuesday, further proroguing Parlia- ment to Tuesday, March 16. Tra P. D. Telegram understands that Mr. Weld-Blundell, the. member for Clermont, is on his way out from England. He was to start for Australia carly last month. WE learn from tho Bmulaherg Mail that the Minister for Lands has deemed it neces- sary to suspend Mr. G. M. B. Geary, Land Commissioner at Bundaberg, thc reason, it is reported, being Iiis having failed to send in required returns to thc head office. THE Evening New contains the following telograms :-" London, January 14. Thc rumoured alliance bctweon Russia and Franco is regarded as menacing towards Germany, and the latter Power is largely increasing her artillery forces throughout the Empire. Tho Government have given extensive orders to Messrs. Krupp, and munitions are being accumulated at all tho chief military posts. -The Duke Frederick Christian Augustus, of Schleswig-Holstein, is dead. - Fresh complications have arisen at Cabul, in consequence of thc Cabulcso protesting their inability to pay the fine imposed upon them by General Roberts, for their treacherous and insurrectionary conduct after thc capitulation of their city." Ir will be seen from our telegrams that tho Hon. J. M. Macrossan, Minister for Works, ii a passenger for Rockhampton hy thc weekly mail steamer, and may therefore bc expected in town early to-day. The object of Mr. Mac rossan's visit, it is stated, is to inspect tho Central Railway ¡ but there aro several other matters falling within thc Department of Works which will probably engage his atten- tion. Tho Hon. A. H. Palmer proceeds by thc same boat to Townsville, and the Hon. P. Perkins leaves Brishano to-morrow for Sydney and Melbourne. The object of the latter gentleman's visit is not mentioned, hut he will doubtless turn to profitable use the observa- tions he will make on agricultural matters in thc southern colonies. RuMODns of the existence of a shipping "ring" in Sydney have boon in circulation for some Weeks past, and thc great advance which has taken plaoe in freights is said to bc due mot e to the operations of this ring than to the increased demand for shipping. It now ap- pears that a counter movement is being made j in Sydney by which tho public will, we trust, bc saved from further imposition in regard to tho rates of freight. A telegram in the Courin- states that twonty-ono of thc principal importing houses in Sydney have joined in a letter nf instructions to their London agents directing them not to allow any of their goods to come through thc hnnds of thc shipping ring, but to employ a slapping broker, even nt as high rates as would bc charged by thc ring. BY thc courtesy of Mr. W. .T. Taylor, wc aro favoured with a copy of the fifty-fourth report of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, presented to tho shareholders at their half yearly meeting on Thursday, 22nd ultimo. The report shows a credit balance of £377"> 14s. 7d. from tho previous account, nnd net profits earned during the past six months increased the amount available for distribution to £45,078 5s. 10d., appropriated as follows : To dividend and bonus equal to 12J per cent, per annum, £31,230; to reserve, £10,000; to credit of new account, £3828 5s. lOd. From thc S. M. Herald, wo learn that tho report was adopted on thc motion of Mr. E. Lord, Chairman of Directors. Messrs. F.. Lord, W. B. Walford, and W. A. Long were elected directors, and Messrs. G. Durham and C. A. Myles elected auditors. Tur. steamer Polly arrived from Gladstone on Saturday with a further quantity of tho Scottish Knight's wool, amounting to 302 hales, all damaged. This wool was taken to thc Show Grounds, William-street, and opened out. It will be sold hy auction at an carly date, for the benefit of those concerned. Ali the wool has boen taken nut of the barque, as well as thc tallow, with thc exception of about ten casks, and there remains 1076 bales of sound wool for thc Polly to bring hero for shipment in thc City of Aberdeen. Thc tallow was landed in an almost worthless condition. On Wednesday night tho Scottish Knight was towed by the Polly to South Trees Beach, whore she was made secure. At low tide about forty foot of hor keel was visible, but nothing of thc sprit where thc damage was done could be observed, so that it is supposed to be right aft of thc vessel. However, during the next spring tides thc barque will bc floated after the damage is temporarily rc. paired and then taken to Sydney. Captain Fraser, of thc barque City of Aberdeen, pro- ceeded to Gladstone on Saturday night to take charge of the Scottish Knight during Captain Lawson's absence for thc purpose of attending thc inquiry. THE PATTI CONVERTS.-A cablegram har been received from New York hy Signor de Vivo, advanco agent for thc magnificent eon cert company, which are making a tour of the world, stating that tho troupe left San Fran- cisco in thc steamer City of New York on 10th instant. Arrangements have hoon con- cluded in Sydney for thc use of the Theatre Royal for these concerts, which is nu event of usual interest to all musical people. (If thc abilities of Carlotta Patti it is needless to ex- pand, she is Tvorld-rcnowncd : and M. dc Munch, thc great Belgian violoncellist, is spoken of by the Now York press as boihj " the greatest 'cello soloist that ever appeared " there. Signor Ciampi Cellaja, the baritone, has created a name for himself in thc French capital ; mid thc tenor, Mr. Theo. J. Toedt, speedily found a place in the hearts of all lovers of music in America. He is said to have au exquisite silvery voice, and is pro- nounced " thc coming tenor." Ai.i.niEi) TitEAi iiEuv or YA Koon KHAX. -A Persian correspondent of the Lahore (luzeffr repeats thc account generally believed by thc better class of Afghans and the natives generally in Cabul, viz.. that Wullec Ma- homed Khan plainly told General Roberts that the murder of the Envoy and thc mem- bers of the British mission was instigated directly by the ex-Ameer in council with Yaya Khan, his fathcr-iu-law, Zacknria Khan, and thc Mustauphi Hubccboola. Thie. infor- mation was believed to have been thc cause of the immediate arrest of the three latter sirdars and of tho surveillance miller which Yalioob Khan has since been placed. Every native prince, and, indeed, every native of this country capable of funning an intelligent opinion.believed in the Ameer'scomphVityfroin tho first. Both the Maharajah of Cashmere .md the Khan of Khclat openly expressed before thc outrage tonk place thc opinion that the Ameer would only wait for the falling back of the British armies to free himself from thc restraint of the Embassy hy thc usual Pntlian methods of treachery and violence. I Thc rorrespniiib-nt alerts that thc etorv at ' C.IIMII wns that .a dwumeiit bearing thc signa- I tines nf the abuvn nun d chiefs was dis- j covered anion,' the pap'-is taken possession of mi the rill rv fullv prnvo.1 their guilt ,T= participators in thc erinn'. He further sl.il.-s (hat though j nieaiuivs are taken tn disarm the population, great quantities of arius have been lourealed, . particularly in the l.iighmau country, at j .Jellalabad, and other pliccs, j NEW BEEF.-The Telegram says a prospect- ing claim 250 by 400 feet was granted to Kuust and party oh Saturday last (24th ultimo). The new discovery is said to be an entirely new lino of reef situated eome two miles east of Copperfield, and has been named the Mary Agnes. During the past week the prospectors raised some five tons of stone from their claim, which has been crushed at the mill at Copperfield, the result being-5 oz. 8 dwtn. 16 grs. of retorted gold, or an average of nearly 22 dwts. to the ton. Our informant states that thc reef averages a foot in thick- ness, and boa carried thlB width of stone from the surface to the bottom of the shaft, which is now 25 feet in depth. Tire SCAB ACT.-A case under the Preven- tion of Diseases in Sheep Act (says the P. D. Telegram of the 30th ultimo) was brought before tho local Bench on Monday by Mr. Singleton, of Langton. A Bindiar case arose two years ago ; ana Mr. Singleton, wishing to caution persons in charge of sheep against the dangers arising from a disregard of the statute, again appealed to the Bench. Notice must be given to thc owner of a run prior to driving through it, and any one in charge of sheep should know this, and be ready to conform to thc statute. It costs a little trouble per- haps ; but not half so much os is involved in appearing at the Police Court, and pay a fine of £2, inclusive of costa. How TO ORTAIN WATER.-" A Bushman" writes to the Courier :-" Perhaps thc follow- ing may be of service to persons travelling in sparsely watered country in the interior and arc compelled to camp where no water is pro- curable. There are generally heavy dews, more especially where the surface of thc earth is protected from the sun's rays by a heavy sward of grass. Let thc traveller take his towel and draw it loosely over the dewy grass till it is thoroughly saturated, then wring it in his can, and repeat thc operation as often as necessary to make up the quantity required. I have often, when on the Barcoo, procured water in the above way sufficient to make tea and boil meat, using a piece of calico instead of a towel." STHANOE DJSCLOSUHE AT YASS.-A man, who gives thc name of William Thomas Coulthard, has given himself into the custody of sub-inspector Drennan, at Yass on the 2Gtli January, and confessed to having in January, 1878, at Everton, near Liverpool^ England, poisoned his wife with prussic 'Aid. He describes himself as a chemist and druggist, and states that he was madly jealous of his wife, who was also his cousin. After his wife's death he fastened lead to the head and feet, placed the body in a sack, and threw it into the Uiver Mersey. Shortly after he Bailed for Melbourne, from whence he came to this colony about eight months ago. He bas lately been working on Greenfield Farm, near Vase. He asserts that bc hos been utterly wretched ever since committing the murder, and that his wife's vision appears to him almost nightly. He appears to be in his right senses, and repeats his story coherently. He is 28 years of agc.-8. if. Herald "THE Harpy LAND."-The second per- formance of " The Happy Land " filled every part of thc Academy of Music-last night (says the Melbourne Tclegraplt, of January 20), and from first to last it was received with up- roarious cheers and laughter. Mr. Deering made an excellent point upon being asked by one of the fairies who he was, and replying " Before I was prohibited I was a Minister." The "Continuous Breakdown," which was danced to an imitation locomotive engine accompaniment, convulsed thc audience. The opening Bcene in the second act, where, through thc beneficent rule of a celestial Berry Government, the stone lions at the en- trance of the Parliament House aro "starv- ing," and tho effects of successive plebiscita arc seen in there being No Governor, No JudgeB, No Police, No Gas, No Water, No Publichouses, and No Anything was ap- plauded to the echo. The Ghost of the Six- pence carried in the hand of an Avenging Nemesis in the person of Africanus which arises like "A very Daniel come to judg- ment," brings the entire to a ridiculously funny finale. It was confidently asserted iu the corridor of tho Academy last night that Mr. Berry has some pecuniary interest is thc success of the "Happy Land," hence the extraordinary steps taken, which he expected would be resented by an English community. We hasten, however, to contra- dict this rumour as untrue, as well as the further one, that Mr. Berry's determination to embody the sixth clause in his last reform bill, is owing to thc fact that it is the sixth clause in tho " Theatre Statute" that confers upon the Chief Secretary such arbitrary and unlimited power. Detective O'Callaghan was waiting at thc theatre ali last evening to serve notice on Mr. O'Mcara, tho lessee, but that gentleman being, by a lucky coincidence called away upon urgent private business, the notice-thc exact nature of which was not known-was not served. How TO AVOID (SUDDEN DEATH.-A corrrcspondent of the Bclfant News Leiter says :-" Permit me, pro bono publico, to state that very few of the sudden deaths which arc said to arise from disease of thc heart, do really arise from that cause. To ascertain the real origin of sudden deaths, thc experiment has been tried in Europe, and reported to a scientific congress held at Strasburg. Sixty six cases of sudden death were made thc subject of a thorough post-mortem examina- tion ; in those cases only two were found who had died from disease of the heart, nine out of the sixty-six had died from apoplexy, while there were fifty-five cases of congestion of thc lungs-that is the lungs were so full of blood that they could not work, there not being room enough for a sufficient quantity of air to enter to support life. The causes that produce congestion of the lungs arc-cold feet, light clothing, costive bowels, sitting still until chilled after being warmed with labour or a rapid walk, çoing too suddenly from a close, heated room into thc cold air, especially after speaking, and suddcu, depressing news operating on thc blood. These causes of sudden death being known, an avoidance of them may serve to lengthen many valuable lives, which would otherwise be lost under thc verdict of heart complaint. That disease is supposed to bc iucvitablc and incurable ; hence many may not take thc pains they would to avoid sudden death if they knew it lay in their power." TAKINO COLD.-Tho Lancet tells ns that " the man who resolves not to take cold seldom docs." But what is a cold ? Thc ex- pression is constantly employed, yet how few can really say what it is mid what causes it ? Of course it proceeds from n chill. What part of our organism, however, ia it which, when attacked hy a chill, results in that which colloquially is called a chill, and 6cienti6cally a catarrh ? Wc all know that thc whole or part of thc body may bc reduced to a very low temperature without causing a cold. What, then, produces that chill which is thc beginning of a cold ? Is it the sudden- ness of thc chill on the Burfacc ? Clearly not, or thc contact of thc skin with a piece of icc or cold metal whoubl have that effect. Our contemporary says that what we call cold takint; is the result of a sufficient impression of cold to reduce thc energy of nerve centres of special organs. To rouse these nerve centres, nature has provided thc stimulus of a Bnccze. Thus it will bc seen that sneezing is a remedy ns well ns a symptom, and that those arc thc least dangerous colds which arc accompanied by much sneezing. Shivering, though in a less degree, probably also produces a beneficial effect. The conclusion at which the Laurel arrives is in effect that cold is, after all, an affair uf li'Tvcs, and that in order to combat thc evil consequences of a chill, efforts should hr; made to restore the vital energy of tile nerve centres. Wc all know that thc nerves arc greatly influenced by moral causes. Con- st-quently, w hen a person feels himself threat- ened by a chill, if he makes a strong and sus- tained effort of the w ill to resist, be will in most cases succeed. Thus, it can be easily understood that a copious draught of cham- pagne -thc pleasant remedy so often empiri- cally prescribed- which stimulates without heating, is a powerful agent in warding off or curing cold. Equally is it evident that a pcrsuu in a weak state of health, in a state of fasting, or witii A depressed mind, is more liable than another* to catch that mean, almost ridiculous, but molt unpleasant of minor diseases. DREADFUL ACCIDENT AT CASINO.-A tele fram in the j?, il. Herald, dated Casino, anuarr 22nd, says:-Yeager and Grime's new steamer Vesta capsized at fire o'clock yester-night, at Tatham, sixteen miks from Casino, and five passengers were drowned. The names are W. Yabsley, sen., crazier ; Marshall and wife, farmers, of Woodburn : James Herberton, of the Mac- leay ; and Alexander Brown, labourer. Those saved were Chadwick, : the engineer, tilt' master of the steamer, and one passeng**' The engineer had a miraculous escape. 0¿<¡ was down in thc engine- room at the time or the accident, and bis clothes were muon toVn in extracting himself. No reason oan Bli' assigned for tho unfortunate occident other than thc steamer being heavily Isden with maize. The vessel was ronndinga slight bend in the river, when she lunched, and a port ion of thc cargo -shifting, the vessel capsized, filling immediately. Mr. Yahsley jumped overboard, and it is believed that he never sank, but was killed from shock to the nervous system, as his b^dy was recovered floating, immediately ofter the occurrence. Numbers of persnnshave been engaged .dragging for ¿he body,, but up to the present only Mr«. Marshall has been, recovered.. The Vesta lies in about eighteen feet of water. And nearly in mid channel A. general feeling of sympathy exists in the district with the relatives of Mr. Yabslèy.he being one of the pioneers of the Richmond, and leaves a large family. He wat universally respected. The cargo belonged principally to a farmer named Woods and Parker, Brothers, of Coraki. There is also some down freight te F. G, Crouoh, Casino.. Sympathy, is also' expressed for the owners of thc steamer. It ie generally believed that tho accident is purely' acci- dental. TnK TRADE REVIVAL.-We extract the following from ? the. Derbyshire TVpm: "Everybody says "Trade is reviving.' Everybody, it is true,' is *ometimes ; Wrong.1 The wish is often parent to the thought ; and tho bolls say whatever you ' wish them tb say. But the "facts, sir, tacts,'',which Mr. Grad grind was wont- t^demond, justify, tho : sanguine tone which Business men are adopt-. ing with regard to commercial ufftirs.. The weekly traffic receipts of the railway com- panies are now showing large .increases instead of diminutions. I^t ' week's traffic, return of the Midland Railway Company, for instance, showed an increase or £7000 aa com- pared with the corresponding period of the previous year ; while the current week's return issued by the same Company , gives a similar increase. Grouping together the re- ceipts of the leading lines of the kingdom, it wilt he found that, while the first week of last month declared a decrease tn receipts of £40,000, the first week in November exhibits an increase of £20,000. The receipts of the North-Eastcrn Railway Company, which for a protracted period have been down, now show a notable change for the better. The Board of Trade returns are encouraging. The totals of the Bankers' Clearing House, and the tendency of quotations at the Stock Exchange arc monetary barometers that show a steady upward movement towards commercial re- covery. In the iron and coal trades there is emphatic improvement. Mines are re-opened; Bhip-building yards, long silent, are busy ; work-shops that have been closed are again bright with blazing forges, and noisy with ringing hammers. The market price of steel rails at Sheffield, which has recently been down as low as £4 per ton, «nd once fell down to the awful zero of £3 17s. 6d. per ton, has risen to £G 10s, per ton ; .willie Bessemer pig, which fell to COs. per toni has risen to £4 per t - .. This revival in price«, it is true, falls far short of the prices wliioh prevailed in 1872 and 1873, when steel rails- were sold at £22 to £24 per ton, and Bessemer pig realised £9 per ton. But that was a period of false commer- cial inflation, from the re-actionary effects pf which we are still suffering." ; 