Sketches of the Southern Border. No. IV. IT is not difficult to comprehend how ghostly legends may become attached to ancient domi- ciles and lonely or forsaken tenements, where, perhaps, if stone walls and wooden beams could speak, many a strango and mysterious secret might be told of the lives and secret doings of former occupants. But it is somewhat curious how tales of the supernatural come to be con- nected with lonesome gullies and camping places in the far bush, distant from busy life and pos- sessing few or none of the properties likely to attract an intelligent ghost. From the door of his house the isolated settler may hear uncouth and mysterious sounds arise from the reedy coverts of an adjacent swamp; the prolonged and mournful howl of the wild dog breaks on the still night air, and from the skirts of the shadowy forest, the boding cry of the curlew falls startling on his ear. Impressed by these nocturnal sounds, and by the weird scenery of the night, the lonely man peoples forest and swamp with fanciful beings of his own creation, or bor- rowed from the fears and traditions of the timid blacks, and, in his imagination, the mysterious unsceen yahoo and bunyip have their haunts in the darkest recesses of gully and swamp. There aro some two or three houses in the dis trict which bear the reputation of being haunted, but mostly the supernatural is confined to some particular locality, as at Boydtown. Teamsters who have camped at a certain "turn-out" near Honeysuckle, will sometimes tell of strange sights and sounds which they had seen or heard duriner the night, bu*- they describe nothing tangible, and their experience is ooafined to hearing the clank ing of invisible chains, &c.; At another place, dauntless youths speak of a shadowy- spectre, which, holding a bright light in its hand, keeps paco with tho rider's terror- stricken horse. A DISMAL NIGHT.-Ono summer's ovening I was riding homewards, when I mot what is now somewhat of a rarity in those parts-a swagsman. " Sir," said ho to me, after some ¡observation of mine, " I daresay I do look rather queer, and no wonder. I didn't get too much sleep last night, and I'll tell you how it v,as. I'd come down the mountain thinking to get a job with some of the road parties, for things was looking bad up country, and I'd been hanging about dom' no good till I had only a few shillings left. Just before I got to-it come on to rain heaven's hard, and I got soaking wot in no time : and as it was just sundown, and I couldn't afford to stop nt a public 'ouse, I was just going to makcafiro against a big log, and camp for the night, AV hen a young follow comes ridin' by, and,| Beein' mo all wet, tells me whore I'd find on empty 'ouse, where I could camp and be out of the rain. " Well, it was getting prettv dark when I got to the old place as he meant, which was a good sized brick'ouse, much tho woree for wear; but ther® was a lot of rooms in it, and I chooses ono as had a fireplace to it, gets enough wood and bits of rubbish as would keep the fire a-going, and slings the billy. I niado up a good fire and hangs my blanket to dry while I was eatinp the bit of grub I had with, me, and as I sat up pretty close to it the things I had on got a bit dry, too. "Fd come a good way that day, and was tired and sore-footed, so, when I'd lit the old pipe, I turns in, though tho blankets wasn't half dry, but it wasn't the first time I'd slept in wet clothes, and I don't suppose it will be the last. ' , "It isn't often I get a fit of the blues, but I couldn't help feeling a bit lonesome as I lay there a listening to the pattering of the rain on the old shingles. The night was as dark as pitch ; the wind came moaning through tho branches of some old gums near the 'ouse, and the big frogs in the creek sounded tome as if they was saying ' Work, work, wo-ork, wo-ork/ so dismal like, as made me think of old times, when I had a bit of a home of my own, and some one as had a kind word and a pleasant look for me when I come home of a night -but there, a man like me as will be found dead under some tree in the bush some day, aiut no business to have any f celin's, and I dropped off to sleep with the pipe in my mouth. " I don't know how long I might have been asleep, but I should say as it wasn't far off the middle of the night, when I wakes up feelin' dreadful cold. "Naturally, tho first thing a man. does under themcircumitanccs, is to fix the blankets and cover hissclf up snug ; but, so help, me Joss, when I fumbles about for mine, they was gone, I couldn't fina 'em nowheres ! " I groped about in the dark for a bit, for the fire was almost burnt out and only give a feeble glimmer now and agen, so at last I lights a match, and thc first thing I seo was my blanket a laying over by the door, full six feet from where I was asleep. " Well, it did seem curious as I should have kicked them blankets ovbr there, and I says to myself at thc time, says I, * toll you what, ole fellow, you've a boen walking in your sleep, that's what you've been doin' ; and then I notices the door was half open, whereas I was certain suro I'd closed it when I first lay down, and this satisfied mo all the more as I must have been walking in my sloop, so without any moro to do about it, I puts another bit or two of wood on the fire and lies down again, for what with the wot clothes and tho hard boards of tho floor I felt mortal stiff and cold. The ni'jht was very dirty and dismal ; the ram como down as steady and as reg'lar as a waterfall, and every now and then there como a peal of thunder as made thc old 'ouse shake again. I felt precious glad as I was under cover, and wrappin'1 tho blanket well round me, I wasn't long before I drops off to sleep again. " I couldn't have slept neither sound.nor long, for all of a sudden I wakes up with a staft,!as if some one waB a trying to drag me aorosB the floor, ? ; '?? ? ? U.-ÍI> j . and, as true ns I'm a liyin; man, Buy my blank els Vere gone again ! , " I was on my feet in a Miinit and strikes a match, and sure enough there waB my blankets a layin' partly out of the door. Thinks I to my self, there's some ono else a camping in this 'ouse, ? and they're having a bit of a game with mo, so I Jights another match and shieldin' it in my hand I goes out into the passage and Jooks into all- the rooms; some had doors and some hadn't; and I does thc sumo in another passage which led into the iirst one, but never a thing I seed except mould and dust : tho place was as ruinous and as silent as if nothing had been in it for yoars, and I turns back to my room with a strong kind of fool in' coming over ¡HQ as if something wrong was a goin' to happen me. " I bad scarcely picked up my blanket, got in side my room, as I call it, when, slam I hears a door go up at tho end of the passage, and then slam-slam, again, just as if some one was a tryiu' to enter a room, and somebody was inside holdin' the door agon him. Then, all of a sudden, the door seemed to fly open like, and I hears a scuillin' and a strugglin', and a pantin' andgaspin' kind of a noise coming right down the passage towards my room. The noise sounded for all tho world as if a big, strong man had got hold of a little 'un, or a woman, by the throat, and was a sliovin' and a draggin' of he or she along the pas sage in spite of ali they could do. " Now, sir, don't you go for to say I'm a coward, because I ain't. I've camped in some of the most. lonetomo places as ever you set eyes on; places as would give a man the horrors to stop in in day light, let alone of a night. " I've heard tho unearthly screcchin' of tho yahoo and bunyip away in the cedar bushes of the norrard, and stopped there, too, when all the rest of my mates, but ono, could stand the blasted noiso no longer ; and what's worso to my thinkin' I've been hut mates with some of the wickedest and strangest men as ever was born ; men aB had done every crimo a'most, and boasted of it ; but, bolieve me, or believe me not, I never was in such an awful fright as I was when I heard them noises a comin' down that dark passage, and not a soul within cooey, as I knowed on, and tho wind and the rain a ragin' like mad outside. "Lord, what a state I was in to be sure. ' Tho sweat was a runnin' down mo in big drops ; I could feel my hair a standin' on end as stiff as a wiro f onco, and my teeth wore a chatterin' as if I'd got , the ague " D'ye think I could move ? not a bit of it ; nay feet was Btuck to the floor as if they was glued, and I felt as if I could do nothin' but stare at tho door ; and, oh, what a time them horrible noises seemed a comin' down the passage. Still they came nearer and hearer, and I could hear tho breathin' and strugglin' as plain as if they was in the room, and then I could stand it no longer.. I gives a strange gurglin' kind of cry and makes for tho door, but all of a snddent all the blood in my body seemed to fly up into my head, a lot ©f sparks dancod in my eyes, and before I could reach the door I drops down, like a log, insensible. "I don't know how long I lay there, but when I como to everything was as still and silent as death, and it waa a minnifc or two before I could re collect where I was. hut when I did, believe mo I wasn't half a minn it gettin' my bits of things to gether, and, without waitin' to open the door, gets out of the window and feels my way through tho slush and rain back on to] the road, and therej I sits till daybreak ; but if I was to live a thousand year, and you could give mo all tho gold as ever was, I'd never pass a night in that old house again." Such, with a few unimportant alterations, is tho swagman's talc, as related to me. The old house, not a hundred miles from where I live, is still standing, but I have never felt the least inclina tion to verify, by actual experience, the truth of his statement, and if pressed for a decided opinion I must fall back on the words of the swogman ¡"Bolievo me, or believe me not." It is anticipated that, when tho «onstruetionof tho suburban tramways is fairly under way, the wholo of tho surplus labour of Sydney will be absorbed. Tho Government tramway scheme thus promises, in ad dition to solviag the transit problem, to effectually answer tho unemployed scheme. Tho Coffee Palace Company have added another now salon to their popular establishment. The new dining-room is fittod up in most elegant style. Mr. Hughes, tho general manager, evidently under stands tho wants of the public, and knows how to meet them. Mr. R.Blair has called our attention (says the MAITLAND MERCURY) to tho following extraofr from tho London STATIONERY TRADES JOURNAL of Mar«h 18, and suggoats tho consideration of whether any similar arrangement would be valuable in this colony. Assuming that the plan could he «o carriod out as to guard against forgery, it would probab^ groatly facilitate tho payment of small sums in tho interior, or from the interior to tho larger towns. Post Office Monoy Orders.-Tho substanco of tho proposed new regulations concerning poßt office orders, to como into forco on Soptombor 1, is as follows: Orders will be issued in classes, for tho four specified sums of 2Í (id, ñs, 10B, and 15s respectively. For the two lessor amounts ld only will bo charged, and for tho two lar fror amounts 2d eaoh. Unlike the ordi nary post-oflice order, howovor, those now ordora are to bo issued in blank, and the purchasor may, if be chooso, buya hundred of them at once, and fill iu each at his leisure, and according to his convonienoe, with tho namo of a separata and distinct payeo ; but no order is to romain iu forco for a longer period than BÍX months from the dato of its isBUO. Tho blanks in a post-office order for tho name of a porson entitled to tho money, and for tho name of the money-order office at whioh it is to be paid, may bo filled in before or aftor issue by any porson for the time beiag in possession of tho order, but may be BO filled in only once. As long as neither blank is filled in, there fore, tho ordar may pass onrront for its fair value, like an ordinary bank-noto, but only for a period of six months from its dato of issue. Before the expi ration of that period tho last holdor must fill in the blanks, so that it may bo presontod for payment. An ordor whioh Í3 orossod generally or speoially, if pre sented for payment by or through a banker, may bo paid at any money-order offioe in tho United King dom, notwithstanding that the blank has boon filled in with tho name of some particular money-order offio». 