LOUNGER. Law proceedings in whioh vast sums of money are involved create a stir for a day or two and are forgotten but, frequently there are little incidents of interests oonnscted with them. The oase of White v Huddle is one in point. There was something like LIDO, 000 involved, and the claimant was a gentleman who has seen some vicissitudes and certainly of late Iibs not bad more cash than he oould conveniently get rid of, The cose has basn in course of preparation for the past year andjiine months and during all that time Mr White has displayed no more anxiety, oageruese or im- patience, than a man 'would do over an ordi. nary action .involving L50 or so. It was only when his success was nssured, and the olaitn admitted, that Mr White to an extent gave way, and in some agitation left the court. Thut agitation, however, did not prevent him remembering, at a subsequent period, tbe services of the four couDsel who bad boon re tained on his behalf. When everything was satisfoctorily settled, theso gentlemen wers agreeably surprised at receiving a ohequo for L500 euch from the successful claimant, that being altogether irrespective of those pleasant little remembrances-, known as retainers and ro'reBhers, wnioh of course found their way to oouDBel in the usual way, through tho claimant's solicitor. In connection with W nits v. Hoddle also, it is worthy of mention that there were two other persons interested in the result — a lady, and a little girl. The claims of the former have been settled by the payment of L3000, while the little girl has a nice little nest egg placed iu trust for her, and this, by the time she is ready to bewilder some young fellow's head, will pro bably have accumulated to auoh an ex-.ent thnt it will form nn interesting dot of L20,000 or thereabouts. And bo it remembered that the claims of Mr White and the othsrs to thin property, which appear to have been indisputable, were only discovered by the mereat.accident. We have all i;oad Mark Twain's story of the camel which atesomeupof Mark's manusoript, and as a consequence gave up the gho'St. But this result, as the author informs ,us, arose, not from the fact ot the indigestibltity of the manuscript per sc, but because of certain startling lies with which it was adorned, and which wore too much for even a camel's stomach. I now read of an elephant in a menagerie in England who also has a taste for literature. A certain novelist was looking around. The manuscript of a new work was sticking cut of his coat pocket. In n twinkling the intelligent animal whipped the paper from the pocket with all tho dexterity of a swell mobsman, and forth with chawed it up, the while winkiag com posedly at the horrified author, as though to indicate "on no account can rejected contribu tions be returned," Tboee wbu know the labor of authorship, and how the author's alfeotiaqs and sympathies are bound up in his work, can imagine the grief and rago of this unfortunate author. On the other hand, perhaps tbe .elephant spared the world an iniliotion. Taken from any point of view, the anecdoto is at least one more contribution to ' the many true stories which we are told of the wonderful sagaoity of thiB creature. Those who, like the celebrated Dando, love oysters, will read with interest that they "do not breed their young in the shell aa is gener ally supposed, and that consequently the eggs can be impregnated artificially. Au average oyster contains from six to nine millions of eggs, and one of large size may oontain fifty millinne," This is tbe information which Dr IV. J. Brook communicates to the Scientific American Then he proceeds to describe his method of fertilising the eggs. He chops tbe male and female oyster up together— a simple plan Burely. The process of development instantly oommenoee and at such a rapid rato that a change may be luted every fifteen minutes. Iu a fsw nuurs tbe embryo is sufficiently formed to swim in tho water. "Theshells at first are very email, and aro not adjacent to eaoh other. They grow very rapidly, closing down ovsr tho sides, finally-uniting, when they form a hinge. In the space of 24 hours the youthful bivalve _ is ready for his breakfait, and within a week he or shs developes into oyster the form divine. In its early days it is of n.tatory proclivities, to the great satisfaction of those pedatory fishes whiah, like Noah Ciaypolo, think the oyster a very delicious morsel. Finnlly, the oyster repro duces its kind within twelve months' growth, nod it is marketable at the age of three years. Now here are some fuots for those pardons who nre looking about for profitable investments. The oysters consumed in Victoria are im ported. Now any person who chooses to select several married couples from oyster society, and sets to work to chop them up, aa Dr Brook direats, may fairly look for a large profit for his trouble. A pair of oysters would yield him some ten millions; and ten millious at, say, fourpecoe per dozen, would give one a comfortable interest in the oyster trade. Seriously, I cannot understand why this industry is cot prosecuted here. There is every natural facility for its development, and there cannot be u shadow of doubt that, while man reigns on earth, your oyster need never go begging for a customer. Turn to, gentlemen of the bank balance, and while you make your own profits, earn also the blessings of those who love tbe oyeter with a deep, abiding passion. The day a! .small thingB is, constantly with us, If we look round wo discover that the most conspicuous rare sucoesses have been achieved, not by such important inventions ns might constitute u revolution in oommerce or industry, but jjby somejapparently trivial and insignificant improvement upon something jin ordinary use. Thus fortunes have been made by persons who have invented improved pens, forks, dishes, and the like ; while he who has created a new force, so to speak, has dlod a disappointed man. The other day a patent for the manufacture of tootpicka lapsed in America. A firm in one of the Western States ban long enjoyed n monopoly under this patent for the supply of toothpicks all aver America. They sold theso articles deluxe in bun-ltea of 2500, for the small sum of twenty- five cents each — and they made a large fortune from the profits. These toothpicks are of wood, and it appears that they are universally found in American restaurants. Tbe patent for their manufacture was taken out in I860, and a factory was set upky tho proprietors, of nn extensive char acter. Complicated machinery was used in tho " indue try," by which a log G feet lnngjby IS inches in thickness, was readily converted into toathpioks, Now, oue would sup pose that no very large profit was to be mado out of euch an enterprise aa this. Yet no sooner had the patent lapsed than three other factories were eat to work ; and the prico per bundle of toothpicks, fell from tbe monopolist, charge of twenty-five cents to ten c.nls,andthe game still yields a good percentage upon the original outlay. At a rough guess, there fore the patentees obtained something like apro- lit of throe hundred per cent I Here is n lesaon or those who are looking about from morn ing until night for investments. I do not mean to say that the toothpick idea would pay here, because toothpioka with us aro not articles of necessity — or luxury cither. But the priuoipie is illustiated in the statement I have reoorded that fortunes aro made, not by expendiug money and labor in novel industries, but by direating one's energies and capital towards tbe higher developement of commonplace matters. Never miod electricity, andtelephones, and motive power, my clover young friend. Invent an improved saucepan, or a.Bolf-heatiagbnth,or a pickle fork, or something of everyday use, and superior to these matters which we are constantly abusing, and you shall win wealth beyond the dreams of avarice. Go In for what thoae Braart fellows, the YankeeB, call notions. Tbey are sure to pay; whereas anything of tho nature of a Bcientifio discovery will like ouough lie on your hands a white elephant. Lay to heart my little Btory of tho tcothplokB. Parson (who had once been curato in tho pariah) : "How do you manage to get on in these bad times, Mr Johnson »" Farmer— "Well, sir, about ns bad oan be. Last year we lived on Faith ; thin year we are living in Hope ; and next year I'm afraid we shall have to depend oa Charity 