CRITICISM CRAZY. The crazy critic of the Sydney Morning Herald, , having digested last Sunday's service at the Tabernacle, proceeded to dispose of the " Divine William's," as presented at the Royal on the preceding evening. After some preliminary twaddle, " the play of ' Lear,'" we are informed, "rivals 'Macbeth' in rapidity of movement, and yet combines length with this rapidity ; it absorbs as it advances ; it begins all brightness, but, like a stormy summer's day, the fitful brightness predicts and prepares for the coming tempest. " It remained for this intelligent gusher to discover the remotest analogy between the play of " Lear " and the tragedy of "Macbeth;" two compositions as dissimilar in all essential parti culars as the "fitful brightness" and the "tempest" so poetically referred to. Mr. Ptjnch fears that this style of criticism is more calculated to remind one of a tempest in a tea-pot than anything else. The " play," however, "combines length with this rapidity" — it is, in fact, "link'd sweetness long drawn out," — "it absorbs as it advances," — absorbs what ? Mr. Creswick, of course, received "a universal greeting from all parts of the house," but, " as the applause subsided, the business began " — on the principle of " business fir st pleasure afterwards," as teste Sam Weller) Riehard III. "Jsweetly remarked ven he ordered his little nevvies to be smothered in the Tower." Although lengthy, it is gratifying to find that, "in the first few lines of the play the key-stone is given, Lear has divided his kingdom, and the trials of his daughters is an afterthought." " Ish dot so ?" " Rarely," pur sues the critic, "has finer acting been seen than in the storm of passion which welled up in the old man's soul as he saw his craving for the whole of Cordelia's love so calmly put aside." Fancy a " storm of passion luelling up in the old man's soul," — nothing, surely, more poetical than this has been attempted since my " Grand father's Clock," and Mr. Punch only wishes that he could add, in the words of that ballad (slightly adapted), that the critic " stopped — short — never to irrite again when the old man died." Mr. Punch might devote an entire number to this beautiful com position, but the exigencies of space preclude him from doing so ; and he can but cull a few of its choicest flowers. Of Mr. Creswick's pourtrayal we are told that, " the alternations of love and anger, and the many signs that the mind must yield wore almost too vividly pourtrayed." It was " quite too awfully vivid you know." " An essay might be written," proceeds the fair scribbler, " on the words he uttered and the manner of them." Mr. Punch is inclined to believe that on the words of King Lear and " the manner of them " a number of essays actually have been written — some of which, perhaps, might fairly rival even those of Mr. P's favourite critic. It is, however, gratifying to find that " every line is a lesson, and, with the excited state of public affairs in the sister colony, it was impossible to miss some of the points." (!!!) Great Caasar's ghost ! Graham Berry and King Lear in juxtaposition ! ! Wood's Perpetual Breakdown, and the frenzy of the royal mendicant ! And, even at that, only " some of the points " being appreciated ! Kent, we are told, was ' ' one of, if not the most, perfectly drawn of Shakspere's characters." This of course sets the vexed question as to which was the most perfectly drawn of Shakspere's characters, for ever at rest ; though the solution is somewhat startling. B. N. Jones, it seems "reproduced the blunt honesty of the sterling nobleman." Being " blunt " (as a convict might remark) Kent of course was "sterling" coin. Mr. P. is glad to find that "the high-minded Duke of Albany was invested by Mr. Douglas with a gentlemanly manliness which stood agreeably prominent." Tbis ladylike admission was, of course, much relished by Mr. Douglas, who will probably consider this to be one of the most profitable investments he has ever made. "Miss Myra Kemble," observes the commentator, " played the Fool very naturally ." Almost as naturally as the critic ; but why does it seem especially worthy of note that Miss Kemble ' ' wisely avoided all buffoonery." What lady ever buffooned this part ? — and it has been depicted by some of the most talented English tragediennes. In the name of patience how much longer does the leading journal intend to insult the intelligence of the public by such melancholy twaddle as its theatrical " criticisms " have been for some time. 