part the first. By Peutetre. Mr Marcus Clarke has so long been the literary pet of all reading Australia, that his name and fame and fortunes and misfortunes attract the instant attention and sympathy of thousands who dwell in tents afar by lonely creeks and homesteads in the half-pruned forest' as well as near in admiring towns. Take all pets, however, Mr. Clarke gets fractious now and then, aud says and does what is "bold and naughty," to the terror and vexation of maiden aunts and pretty cousins. Lately, in one of these wilful moods, this universal pet ran into the street and " made faces" at Mohammed, and Abraham, and Buddhu, and Brahma, and Christ, who were quietly walking along the highway of this very wide world about their own business. Dr. Moorhouse, who professes to follow Christ, being nighest to the Australian pet, turned short upon him and boxed his ears. Whereupon the audacious mocker took up the hardest and sharpest stone he could find, and in spite of an expostulating policeman, who shook his white glove at him, he threw it with all his might after his right rev. castigator, but with what effect remains to be seen. The fracas has caused a considerable flutter in Protestant circles, and, it is said, some betting; the majority backing his Lordship; Mr. Clarke's friends laying their money on him. For Catholics the little squabble has scarcely a shadow of importance. We would watch a scuffle on the bough of a tree between a chivalrous robin redbreast and a plucky tomtit with a far more lively interest. In our eyes such a controversy as that between tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne and Mr. Marcus Clarke is only one in a never-ending, still-beginning round of daily contests in a " House of Strife, ' who e family jars affect nobody but the contentious inmates; nor is Mr. Clarke's pamphlet worth asecond thought, save only as a sort of log line to measure the rate at which the multiform and many-headed thing called " Protestantism" is sailing on across the dark sea of eclecticism, doubt and contradiction towards the engulfing maelstrom of blank, rayless unbelief, over whose briny waters moves only the gloomy, scowling spirit of Apoliyon, " the destroyer." Yesterday the uproar was "Puseyism." Last night the tumult was "Ritualism." To-day it is Mr. Tooth and Mr. Maconochie in gaol. Last week " Essays and Reviews." Week after, "Ecce Homo," and so the din of the ceaseless nuisance never ceases in the house of strife. What, have Catholics to do with such brawls but only to disregard them, and patiently wait for the fall of the house, and the carting away of its rubbish. "A house divided against itself—.'' There is something extremely winning in the character of Dr. Moorhouse, as he displays it on its polemical and forensic side. I am certainly not one of those who believe his Lordship has very effectually contributed, far, to the attainment by the Catholic* what they claim as good, and true and .oyal citizens as their right in regard to education laws of this their country. But I fully appreciate the thoroughly English generosity of his sentiments on that subject, and the manly frankness with which he admits ihe justness of cur demands His high intellectual culture, his eloquence and argumentative prowess, at once so vigorous and so gracefully put forth, win my goodwill and my applause. But when his Lordship puts his lance in rest to overthrow Mr. Clarke and his "Civilisation Without Delusion," what is he doing but walloping his own nigger, or thrashing his own son. For if there really be any chance in this incredulous world for a child to know its own father, Mr. Marcus Clarke is that happy babe. If Anglican Episcopacy be not his sire—if the Church of England did not bring him forth, there is no relying on the outward and visible signs and tokens of spiritual affinity. If Dr. Moorhouse denies him, then Mr. Clarke must be declared a wayside foundling, with no parentage to show. But the dear boy has the eyes and nose and dimples of his episcopal paler, and speaks ;witti the very voice and tongue of his ecclesiastical mamma. The Eight Reverend Anglican Chief Pastor of Melbourne is his ptoper diocesan parent. Marcus is the bishop's son, and a nice handful he has of him! Their little scrimmage came thus : Last November Mi. Clarke wrote an article in the ViciorianReview, entitled " Civilisation Without Delusion." This article, though vehement enough, would seem to have certain traces of insincerity about it, and may fairly be suspected of having been written rather to frighten the pious ladies who attend on Dr. Moorhouse's ministrations than as a serious -expression of his own real private opinions. But sincere or insincere, it declared that "all the churches"—meaning, of course, all the truly scriptural Protestant churches —had lost faith in their religious creeds, and that fill the religions based on miracles—that is, the Mohammedan, the Buddhist, the Jewish/the Brahmincal, and the Christian—were so far gone to decay as to be dead, or else fast dying. Therefore Mr. Clarke suggested that as all the miracuously founded religions were defunct; the only wise thing was to set up a " Morality'' which should have no religion in it. Where he was to get such a "morality" Mr. Clarke does not say. Dr. Moorhouse replied to this curious article of Mr. Clarke's in the Victorian Review -for last December, and, if we may judge from Mr. Clarke's letter of reply, this December critique of Bishop Moorhouse must have cut Mr. Clarke to the quick. There is a cheerful, smiling air of conscious power and superiority in the Bishop's reply which Mr. Clarke seems to have taken very muoh to heart, and resented with a supernatural politeness, for he " my Lords" the valiant and victorious bishop almost at every line. All Mr. Clarke's latent energies seem roused up and put forth in] his letter of rejoinder. Indeed, so energetic is it, that the Review would not publish it, and Mr. Clarke has therefore printed it in pamphlet form at his own cost. He was determined, perhaps, that the ladies who attend Dr. Moorhouse's pro-cathedral should have their shock in full. In reading Mr. Clarke's article on " Civilisation Without Delusion," one almost regrets to find so much reason to fear that he has not, after all, the courage of his opinions. In his article he says, as if he honestly believed his own saying, that God is only an idea. The Incarnation he speaks of as a ridiculous insanity. The divinity of Christ is an enthusiast's fable. The miracles of the Gospel were all the tricks of an impostor. The Ascension of our Lord couldn't be, because it was against the laws of gravitation. Heaven was an empty dream, hell a horrible fiction, angels and saints only the coinage of fancy. No devil ever existed, atonement was nonsense, worship of God a foolery, prayer a useless absurdity. Sacraments, altars, penitence, sacrifice, priests, bibles, are all put in a sack together and sunk in the Red Sea. All that " Christians" venerate and believe Mr. Clarke sweeps away as the falsest of "delusions." Yet, after saying all this, and saying it in the most revolting and offensive form, what do you think Mr. Clarke also says in his letter to Dr. Moorhouse only about a fortnight ago? Mr. Clarke says, " I am not an Atheist !" In fact, Mr. Clarke is quite indignant at Dr. Moorhouse calling him an Atheist. Surely Mr. Clarke must feel that there is something very disgraceful, or even infamous, in Atheism when he so virtuously asserts he is not an Atheist, although he spoke the most articulate language of Atheism. If Mr. Clarke is not an Atheist, or if he is only afraid or ashamed to confess that he is one, all I can say is that he can talk Atheism like a native. If by bracketing the Christian religion and miracles with Brahminism and Mohammedanism he only meant to manifest his hatred and contempt for Christianity, his classification is sufficiently intelligible. But if, in the plenitude of his cosmopolitan philanthropy, Mr. Clarke really lamented the decline and fall of the Mohammedan, Buddhist, Jewish, and Brahminical miraculous beliefs, and truly sought their moral welfare and renovation, all his good intentions and aspirations will only be wasted here upon Victorian air, unless he prints his pamphlet in the Tamil, Arabic, and Hebrew dialects, and places a copy in the hands of every Turk, Bengalee, Arab, and Jew living. To give the Mohammedans a fair chance of hearing how lost, fallen, decayed and dead their religious beliefs are, Mr. Clarke should print off, and all the more noble if at his own cost, 5,000,000 copies of his pamphlet in Hebrew for the Jews, 200,000,000 copies in Arabic, Persian, Sanscrit, Marathi, &c.;, &c.;, for the Mohammedans, 100,000,000 copies for the Buddhists, and 50,000,000 copies for the Brahmins. Then Mr. Clarke's world-wide benevolence, to be in the smallest degree practical, would require that he engage a number of hoys to go and distribute his pamphlet over those regions where the objects of his compassion take the liberty to dwell, placing a copy in every Bedouin, Lascar, Hebrew, Kafir, and Afghan hand in their own language. For what's the use— except to exhibit his scorn and disdain for Dr, Moorhouse's special modification of Christianity—what's the use of printing 150 or 250 copies of his pamphlet in good St. Pancras English here in Melbourne, if'Mr. Clarke sincerely seeks to make all the Mohammedans, Buddhists, and Hebrews in Asia, Africa, and elsewhere, and everywhere else, aware of their religiously and miraculously dead condition ? Why Mr. Clarke should have omitted the followers of Fo and the Chinese Confucianism from his large-hearted "Morality" evangelisation, he does not inform us. Perhaps Confucius abhorred miracles much as Mr. Clarke himself, or, perhaps, on the sly, Mr. Clarke has a devotional penchant towards the Joss House. Letting off a few crackers in honour of one of Comte's canonised Positive Saints might be that saving clause by means of which Mr. Clarke so piously protects himself from Dr. Moorhouse's charge of downright, black-a-moor Atheism. If anyone should take objection to Mr. Clarke being quizzed instead of being confuted, I say that Dr. Moorhouse has done the confutation thoroughly in so far as the miracles are concerned. His Lordship has crushed Mr. Clarke's fly flat— mashed every bone in its body. There is no need for crushing or confutation, as everyone will see by Mr. Clarke's only too polite letter. But, as to the quizzing, what does any gentleman's pamphlet deserve but banter, when we find him. putting forth in the nineteenth century such a rocking-horse philosophy as the following, which I transcribe from page 8 of Mr. Clarke's pamphlet. Remember that Mr. Clarke here tabes up the natural, and from it explains to us how we suppose our solves to come by the supernatural:— " When the developed (!) man began to communicate subjective ideas, he constructed a theology of the elements—he worshipped the wind and the fire." ' [When was this, and who told it to Mr. Clarke?] "Soon men grew more intelligent." [How so? Was it by worshipping the wind?] "Finding that some of his tribe" [who ?] " could bend wind and fire to their bidding, man turned his reverence in that direction." [What man did this, and, while he was doing it, what were the rest of the tribe doing ? Why didn't all the tribe do it as well as the " developed man ?" How did this one man become developed, and the rest of his tribe remain undeveloped, bending the wind and the fire, and thereby growing intelligent? Have not the compositors been playing old gooseberry with Mr. Clarke's manuscript here, and turning some fine writing into the most unintelligible gibberish?] "Then" [when ?] " began ghost worship." [Out of what, and how?] "Then phantoms of departed warriors were invoked, and soon it came to be understood that the sky was peopled with these vanished great ones, who were as gods." [But what had become of the bodies of these vanished great ones ? Did the bodies vanish up into the sky while the " developed man" and his intelligent tribe were looking on ? Or did the warriors die and be buried or burnt ? If so, how did the " developed man" and his tribe that were not developed come to understand that there was a ghost, that is, a soul in the dead warrior, which couldn't be buried in the earth nor burnt in the fire. Could the developed man, assisted by the undeveloped rest of the tribe, see the soul in the live body, and see it leave the body and fly up in the sky ? If neither the developed or the undeveloped man could ever see that there was a soul or ghost in the warriors, pray, who told them that the warrior had a soul or ghost ? If the developed man and his undeveloped tribe were informed that the dead warrior had a soul in him, and that it flew up in the sky as soon as he was dead, pray, who informed them ? If the developed man had no means of knowing that he or his tribe had a soul in them, some revelation from somewhere and somehow must have been made to them. Who made it, and when and how did the tribe or the developed man come to the conception of something Mr. Clarke calls "gods?" Was it from the wind they learned it or from the fire ? How could the wind, a material thing, inspire the idea of ghosts and gods ?] The old men, the sages of the tribe, were the natural mediators between those whom they were so soon to join and the young men but newly entered upon life." [But why mediators ? What put mediators into the heads of the tribe, and what tribe was this tribe, and where did it inhabitate ? How should or could the tribe get the notion that the ghosts departed into the sky cared to be mediated with ? Evidently Mr. Clarke was drawing upon his own grotesque preconception, and giving the coinage of his own brain about ghost worship, and gods and mediators, dreamy reminiscences of the lessons, psalms, and sermons he had heard, half asleep and half awake, in church at Langham-place, or Mr. Dale's church, long ago, intermixed with Ossian's heroes of Morven.] "Hence" (from these old men, the sages) " arose the priesthood, fitted to speak of the mysteries of the spirit land." [But what mysteries? And how did "the tribe" come to wish for such knowledge? Mr. Clarke is here, and throughout the whole passage, reaffirming a puerile and preposterous fallacy which Mr. Herbert Spencer abandoned and exploded some years ago. Mr. Herbert Spencer holds that it is a base and abject abandonment of reason to imagine that the priesthood ever imposed, or could impose, the belief and practice of religious creeds upon the people. On the contrary, Mr. Herbert Spencer teaches that evermore the people have urged and compelled the priests to look after and expound the ceremonial, and the doctrine it embodies.] " There was now established a spiritual kingdom" [which began with the worship of the Fire and the Wind.] " For the God is nothing but a heavenly, spiritual despot; religion a form of spiritual government; and priests nothing but spiritual magistrates paid to exercise their functions." [At first this rhapsody spoke of " gods." How has it now jumped from a plurality of gods to one god? Why did not the Greeks, and Romans, and Egyptians, and Carthagenians of old contrive to make such a jump ? They never did. On the contrary, they jumped from many gods to more than many. The nations before Christ went from one to many gods; from one god to polytheism, and never vice versa. Mr. Clarke forgets this, and paints us a fancy sketch of ethnic tribes beginning with polytheism and rising from it to monotheism. The Jews began with one God, and frequently fell ofi from one to many gods. Does Mr. Clarke thrnk that because everyone delights to read his brilliant tales and fascinating chapters of early colonial adventure, that therefore they will shut their eyes and open their mouths and swallow the stone he inserts instead of a sugar plum. In the years gone by, when George III. was king, all children learning pagan Roman history were gravely called on to bear in mind how Romulius aad Remus were suckled by a she wolf. Thanks to Niebuhr and Co. that stupid academy myth no longer stultifies and mocks the confidence of youth in print. The wolfnurse is dead. Bnt Mr. Clarke has something on the eighth page of his pamphlet far more repugnant to our nauseated organ of receptivity. This I quoted above,. and now quote again, without note or comment, as the newest attempt in the exegesis of primeval theogony by a professor in the college of Morality without fiction. Says Mr. Clarke, apparently in earnest:—" When the developed man began to communicate subjective ideas, he constructed a theology of the elements—he worshipped the wind and the fire. Soon he grew more intelligent, andfinding that someof his tribe could bend wind and fire to their bidding, he turned his reverence in that direction. Then began ghost worship—the phantoms of the departed warriors were invoked. Soon it came to be understood that the sky was peopled with these vanished great ones who were as gods. The old men—the sages of the tribe—were the natural mediators between those whom they were so soon to join, and the young men, but newly entered into life. Hence the priesthood, the hcly men alone fitted to speak of the mysteries of spirit land. There was now established a spiritual kingdom, for the God is nothing but a heavenly spiritual despot; religion is a form of spiritual government, and priests but spiritual magistrates paid to exercise their function." There! that extract from Mr. Clarke's pamphlet, in its exquisite elaboration of the incomprehensible, may stand beside Professor Tyndal's celebrated sentence in his address at Belfast, in Ireland, to the Social Science Association in 1875, when he was elected president for the year, when the learned professor accounted for the impulse by which a chicken is moved to peck so soon after leaving the shell. The chicken was impelled to peck so soon after leaving the shell by the accumulated sum of the long continued series of impulses to peck which had prompted the chicken's progenitors through all preceding generations. Professor Tyndal erased this somewhat recondite but unlucky sentence from the pamphlet edition; and Mr. Clarke might have acted with similar prudence if he had eliminated the foregoing passage from his pamphlet. Mr. Clarke has been writing histories for State schools not so long ago ; but this pamphlet of his would seem to have been composed con amore for the lunatic asylums. But there is another aspect of his pamphlet which calls for attention, as part of the evidence which establishes, Protestantly, between the two controversialists, the relationship of father and son. Upon the fact of miracles, Dr. Moorhouse, as a Protestant dignitary, had a very risky speculation on hand. His extremely expert and supple-wristed antagonist very well knew where his Lordship's danger lay, and with alacrity at once availed himself of it. In proving the fact of miracles, Dr. Moorhouse must enter on Catholic ground, and occupy a Catholic position. This he did, and soon pulverised Mr. Clarke's flimsy, if not flippant, if not very profane and ill- considered remarks. This done, Dr. Moorhouse had to retire to his own Protestant rampart. In this retreat he must needs expose his bare back to an alert foeman. No Christian can deny the truth of the miracles recorded in the four gospels. Dr. Moorhouse believes that it is enough to certify any miracle, if he can quote chapter and verse for it. But there, being a Protestant, his Lordship stops. There is no other miracle for him; the Church, of which he is so great an ornament, acknow- ledges nothing for a miracle unless it can be proved by warranty of scripture. Mr. Clarke knows—or, at least, has read in books, that there were bishops at the Council of Vicea, a.d. 325, who had wrought miracles. Mr. Clarke also knows—that is, he has read it in books, for he is a very discursive reader, that what people call miracles have been performed at wells and springs. In Jerusalem city, by the sheep market, war. a pool in which miraculous cures arc stated by the evangelists to have taken, place. Now, just 30 years ago, the Holy Virgin Mary appeared to a girl named Bernadette Soubirous, and bade her scrape with her hands at a certain spot under a rocky projection, and forth trickled stream of water, and by the application ot this water from 60 to 70 persons were instantaneously cured of various diseases. At the contact with the water immediately.. the blind, the lame, the leprous, the paralysed by rheumatics were healed. The facts were self-evident. The therapeutic result accomplished beyond all dispute. What difference then was there between the event at Lourdes and the miracle at Bethesda? No difference. Then said those who were healed at Lourdes, " we will call both of the events miracles if you please," and then, by what agency were these miracles effected ? If you my by the power of God in the one case, why not by the same power in the other? Mr. Marcus Clarke being up to all this, knew where to strike at Dr. Moorhouse. Lord Bishop .- " So you see, Mr. Clarke, there is every reason to believe that miracles have taken, place." Mr. Clarke: "But what proof lave you?" Lord Bishop: "I have it written down here in black and white in the 3 undisputed gospels, and in the gospel, commonly attributed to St. John." Mr. Clarke: " But where are your living witnesses who saw these gospel miracles?' Lord Bishop: " Oh, they are dead; but their are infallibly true, and being in- fallibly true, the written account is an infal- liabe proof ' Mr. Clarke: " But, look here, for the nonce, can bring you face to face with 50 living people, who will swear that they were cured in one moment by the touch of some spring water, at Lourdes in' 1850. - -Does your Lordship believe in miracles only on written testimony ? Isn't parole evidence quite as satisfactory ? Do you believe dead, silent letter, and not in the living voice - of living men ?" Lord Bishop: "Ah! but yoursee, Mr. Clarke these reputed miracles at Lourdes were you know- I may say were Catholic miracles And you are aware—that is— we Anglicans —have laid aside Roman—superstitions. 16th 