AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. (From the London Athenaeum.) Little more than two months have passed since my own personal experience of mental phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the ocennrenee with whieh the following narra tive deals. Yet already 1 find that round the original story there has gathered a surprising accumulation of the mythical element, and that I myBelf am in danger of becoming a hero of romance in more senses than one. As I object to be looked npon as a kind of medium to whom supernatural visitations are vonchsafed. and. on the other hand, do not wish to be Bet down as a crazy dreamer, whose disorganised nervous system renders him abnormally liable to fantastic delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request of some who have begged me to make public the fol lowing paper. I am told that there are those who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it be so, it is better they should hear the facts from me than after they have passed through other channels. The narra tive was written, at the request of a friend. not many days (titer the event; when all the eireomstanees were fresh in my recollection : On the 10th of October, 1870, I drove over from Norwich to Mannington Hall, to spend, the night at Lord Orford's. Though I was in perfect health and high spirits, it is fair to state that for some weeks previ ously I had had a great deal to think abont, some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of one kind or another. I was not, however, conscious of anything approaching weariness, irritability, or "fag." I arrived at 4 p.m., and was engaged in pleasant and animated conver sation till it was time to dress for dinner. We dined at seven ; ' our. party numbered six persons. Of theBe, four at least had been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener; the talk was general and dis cursive, and amused and interested me greaciy. jnoc zor a single moment aia it turn upon the supernatural ; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art, and the experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe in telligently what they had seen, and com ment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely been at a. more pleasant party. After dinner we played a rubber. We "left off as we began," and as two of the guests had some distance to drive, we broke np at half -past ten. The main object of my going over to Mannington was to examine and take notes, npon some very rare bookB in Lord Orford's library, which I had been anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, bat had never been fortunate enough to meet with np to this 'time. I asked leave to sit up for some hours and make transcripts. His lordship at first wished me to let his valet - remain in attendance to see all the lights put out, but As this would have embarrassed me, end compelled mo to go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed likely that I should be occupied till two or three in the morning, it was agreed that I should be left to my own devices, and the servants should be allowed to retire. By eleven o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I . was very soon busily at work, and absorbed in my occupation. The .room . in which I was writing is a large one, with a huge fire-place and a grand old chimney; and it is needless to. eay that it is furnished with every com fort and luxury. The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes I wanted to examine. There were six small .volumes in all. I took them down, and placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work — sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with a book, I placed it in front of me. There were four silver canuiesracKB npon xne same, sue canaiss su burning, and, as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my task till nearly one o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only one more hook to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of Seltzer water, and I remember thinking to myself that I should get to bed by two after all, I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it abont half an hour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as J was actually writing, I saw a large .white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there Bat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, leaning lightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been engaged upon. The man's face was turnedavray from me, butl saw bis closely cut, reddish-brownhair,hisear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large, high cheek-bone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesias tical habit of thick corded, silk, or some such material, close up to the throat, and a nasrow rim or edging, abont ah inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. Th» right hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, with out any great pressure, the left hand; both hands were m perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were con spicuous. I remember thinking that the hand wae like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent "Dead Knight" in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly, sure that he was not a reality. A tii/vn«.nd thoughts came crowding upon mo, but not the least feeling ef alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pepcil; then I thought, "Up stairs I have a sketch-book — shall I fetch it P" There he sat, and I was fascinated ; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should fit/tv.nin/ in -mvr wmikinfT_ T lifted TO yw« au «» p — — s left hana from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I . did ' this. My arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed, and nothing more.: 1 1 went on with my wtitifm aa. ti nothigg fiafl | happened for perhaps another five -|gjgp!£||- and I bed actoaUyoi the of what I had detwnuned to> extract, when the figaro same plaee aod attitude as hefoi hands close to my own ; I to®1 again, to examine Jam y|D him was framing a sentence to address to -mm,, when I discovered that I d»d hot dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my own . voice. There he sat, and there sat LI, turned my head agaijt .to my w®r» , finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and .my notes-are at this moment before me. Mtd eraibis not the slightest tremoor or nervoasnesSvl opttui . ; point oat the wttrds I wis writing vrami. Ane phantom eame and' when, he disappejured- Having finished my task, I shnt-the Fpok#pd' threw it on the table; it 'made aetightnorsB as it fell; the figaxe vanished. ' Throwing myself back in my .chair. I . , . sat for some seconds looking at tho fire with a corionB mixture of feeling, >ad I . V. , remember wondering/ whether .my friend would eome again, and, if he did, lsvheth«r - he would hide the fire from rue/ -Then- first there stole upon me a dread ;and a suspicion that I was beginning to los e mj nerve. I niMnWyawning j fito Ijpw, ; ' lit my bedroom candle, took my bpokB into the inner library, mounted ihuO; chair,' As ' before, and replaced fin of the volumes ; ,r; the sixth I brought back and laid npon the " table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honour to appear to me. By time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blow out the four candles,, . and tic arched off to bed, where I slept the - sleep of the just or the guilty— I kndw not which — but I slept very soqndly! i , .H- This is a simple and unvarnished narra tive of facts. Explanation, theory, or inference I leave-to others. < Augustus Jebsopp, D.D. New Sapphire Mutes. — A valuable dis covery of Bapphire mines has been made in . Siam, and there is a "rash" to the new . - diggings. UflTiy of ihe subordinate government officials hayc resigned their posts in order to be esrly on the spot, and it is expected that there-will soon be an 6 ' influx of South African diamond ihlnors.' - Those sapphires which have - reached . Bangkok are said to be large and bO&utifaL; A New Photoqbaphic Process. — The \ Japanese are how beginning to return kind some of the scientific instruction which - . they have so diligently borrowed from 'Europe . daring several years pSst. One , ?sthe first-fruits of their Western culture is a new sort of photograph, something similar to the well-known English type-printing ; > photog'aph. It had long been 'observed by the workmen engaged in making Japanese v v lacquer that one of the subslahces hM the , „ singular property of eeoiiB:-,:sl5!W«.' hard as a stone when exposed to the action > ; of sunlight j and »' Japanese inventor haa ?» conceived the idea of allying ;it;|r( Ithe :; - preparation of relief . photographs. A iltb covered with this material is eiosed for . f ; ; twelve hours to' aHohrs to pass through the " negative ' pticte placed in front of it. By this time xhe " slab has btoome hardened to different de grees according to the intensify. :SgpJjghi I falling Sh it, or, in ether wmdsi|jtoing £ £ to the light sad -'shade, of' ''the' front; and upojn carefully y ; the softer parts,a pictorial muface;,in low .,,--, n relief is ohtrinoi juSnilar to engravers block, and suitable for printing from. A Gkoubafhical Game.— Ah i amumng' and insirabtiy«:gidg»phitoii jorif v- been invented by M. well- known French geographer. It |s <»lied v; "Tour du Monde," and is played onalarge . terrestrial globe, richly illustrated, and v ' divided into 238 spherical rectsngles, each of which is marked with a rinmher Corral- - ponding to a number on a Ee.tyriiiclzih- ' .' dicates gains, or losses ta A brass rib or meridian iunning jfrom-pole to, . pole of the globe, but reispd jtiMrre the latter, is perforated with a row of neighteen ; holes; and '.v. ' provided for the purpose 5-bemg pitott in the holes. Each 'flag :jSMjpppnds-' ' to one ef the pcil states of the world, from China the most populous, to Holland i>. To play the game the globa 'iStevotv- ing, and a player, commenoififi&pbe; south . pole, plants a<ty« another,- at each advances ' northwards; ,? player, whioh eating and hamomceas pan 'im-gaine. : - London, -for example,; twenty, and so " , : A coal" mine, a 'Maneb«OTraa, -a ':;: grain mart, all m ' encounter with a U <d EouW Afrira;n storm in thiB a ' crocodile on the Nils,aSty fM.«%na lOSBeS. ' , . -I - : - : ; Cattive lidhs.<\--?fehavelmd>oeeaffi0n to refer to various pmticM vhpptieatiqna < of ..y certain phoephoresdent sUbstenoae to ititt- y - TnjTmting pnrposes, -and UspeCwfiy to rtite , ; " lominons paint1' of Mr. W . H. Bsumain. _ This material has of lata bean tronbiiito greater prominence, and several important uses. It will be Mmem- . ; ' bered that the paint ia made &y; mixiag it v self-laminouB sulphide or other esdt iti caloiam with the ' mtairig.' colourless paints. When, exposed lor some time to . daylight; powerful rays. burning magnesium wire, the sensitive salt, in the pamt fwms te acqiure a mole- cular vibration . rise to waves of light, which are seen as a t soft violet phosphoroBaenjee growing whiter as it is moro;mtp." board two feet square. if coated with, the V paint, makes an excellent hand-lamp, and is now, we believe, being teied for this pur- . pose in the dangerous spirit »ulte of uie West India Docks, and in the gunpo wdOT magazines of one of her Majesty's iron- clads. The Admiralty have made experi ments with the new iUteniat to a dark- .- ened room at Whitehall, its capability for no® lighten the dark compartinenta of iromdS; and the dial indicators for. - speed of the engines -<m_ M-M.S. £rthmpton are to h? fscedmtii itieoaato s,; show the indbyff Mgy ' ta?rabel%lFeoe iff «ard- , board panitoO mtn u»p aumwiw- 1, coin.' ;Vi shadowof tak8nawajL4itW7te||iw not in the aeant into JoeiUving that the yon have.!', '' nowiihat,'! ropfi&LUoblo; 