CARLOTTA PATTI AND THE GHOST. \- -+--- Artists, especially foreigners, ars gener ally superstitious, and an amusing instance of the fact occurred outside Messrs Allan and Co.'s music warehouse on Saturday afternoon. When lhe went home some three years ago in search of talent, Mr R. S. Smytlhe visited Paris, and during his stay opened negotiations with Madame Carlotta Patti, with whom he had several interviews. But there was a difference of sone 12,000 between the lowest sum which the great vocalist would c6nsent to take for 100 concerts, and the highest that the agent was willing to guarantee her, and the affair dropped. The idea of reaping a golden harvest in the southern colonies where her friend Arabella God lard (who had recommnended Mr Smythe to hier) had amassed a fortune, was not however, abandoned by Madame Patti, and she decided to visit Australia. On reach ing Melbourne, she inquired about that droll manager who, in her magnificently furnished apartment in Paris, had painted in such glowing colours the pleasures and profits of an Australian tour, assuring her that the costly presents with which the tables of her boudoir were covered were as nothing compared with thesplended tokens of their enthusiastic admhiration of her brilliant talents which the sqluatters and other wealthy colonists woubld showr at her feet. But in answer to her kind in quiries about her antilponlean visitor, she was told that he was dead, an announce iment whlich li ladame Patti, who is poss essed of considerable drunittic talent, antl'eted to hear with somie regret. Imagine the lady's astonishiment then, when, as her carriage drove up ito Allan's on Saturday, Mr Smythe adlvaced to meet the Diva. lie hadl only returned from a lonbg tour the previous night, and so looked supera Iundilntly healthy andi lively. Uttering a shriek which attracted the attention of the doers of the block, many of whom had never heard the famous singer before, Madamo exclaimed, " Mln Dieu I They told mne you were ldedl. Yen .have nlot beehn deadr?" "Tl'hank yon, I'm alt right up to now," replied the imperturbable manager. -laving, by shaking hands with him, sntistied herself that the supposed decensed was still in the flesh, the gifted lady expressed her pleasure on renewing the acquaintrance of the courteous manager.- i:aity Te!eg, ph. TIimtoAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARNsNEmSo.- All suffering from irilations of the throat and liho:rsemlss will he agre!nably surprised at th,, al mt.- imnlmediate relief afforded by the Iuse of " Btrown's lronchial Troches." These famous lozenges are now sold by nlmot respectable chemists in this country at Is 1id per box. 'eople troubled with a "'haking colrghl," a slight cold," or bronchil alIIfeetillls, cannot try them to soon, as similar troubltesIl if nllowed to progress, result in eTrioll PIul monary and Asthmatic affections. tsle that. the words " Irown's Bronchial Trche,'s" are on the Government Starmp around each box. Manufactured by JOuN I. 1mHowN & SONS, Boston, United States. Depot, 413 Oxford Street, London FLORILINE-FO R TIHE TEETH AND BREATII.-A few drops of liquid "Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanse the teeth from all parasites or impurities hardnes the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoking " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed of part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and greatest toilet discovery in the ago. Price 2s 6d, of all chemists and per. fumers. Prepared by Henry C. Gallup, 439. Oxford street, London. ig- Al FREn GIFT I--The Proprietors of VOLPE's AROMArTIa SOI[IEDAMSCIdAPPS, induce the destruction and prevent the im proper use of their wrappers and labels, and thus further protect the Public against fraud and deception, have enclosed in the wrappers or under the label on the quart bottles, since ist October, 1878, and continue to enclose IN EVERYDAY' PACKIN THRO UGOO UT THE YEAR T H t E IE £1''0 i D E IR S which are drawn upon the undersigned, and which will be cashed by them on presentation, To secure these Gifts, the Public must be careful to ask for, and accept nothing but the GENUINEUDOLPHO WohvE'u80HNAPPs, with our name upon the top label M. Moss & Co Wynyard Lane, Sydney. 