NOTES FROM SYDNEY. FROM a series of articles on "Sydney Revisited," by a "Victorian," which have appeared in Tlve Australasian, we extract the following :— The building trades seem to have had a good time of it for some years back. In the city proper one sees on dflry hand changes, improvements, and addition^ Edifices for the more convenient transaction of the annually-expanding public i business have been erected. Warehouses and other buildings for mercantile or monetary purposes have supplanted ancient tenements or filled , j up ugly gaps. The suburbs are extending rapidly, and on many a site formerly unoccupied, to be | matched nowhere in these colonies except in the i surroundings of Sydney, villas have arisen. At . the present moment there is a temporary depression in some branches of these trades, but it is : I expected that it will not last long. In all countries the labour market is subject to fluctuations, I and New South Wales cannot expect to be an exception. The population of the colony has increased very rapidly of late, while ours has been little changed. According to the estimates of the registrargeneral, there were in June of last year 712,016 persons in New South Wales—an increase of over 100,000 in five' years. Next to Victoria it is the most populous colony in the Australasian group, and similarly Sydney is next to Melbourne. At the present rate of increase the positions will be reversed within 10 years, and Sydney will regain the supremacy as " Queen City of the South," she lost in 1851, when our gold attracted all the world and his aunt to our shores. It behoves us, therefore, to look to our laurels or this will assuredly be the case. Their territory contains now within 100,000 of our population, and (this is, or ought to be, a startling fact for our politicians and the non-typical working man) the increase has been over 200,000 souls in less than 10 years. The population of Sydney is now close on two-thirds that of Melbourne. This comes of immigration, the natural increase, and sound financial policy, and idiotic legislation and administration on our part. Poor Victoria! We have only the natural increase to look to. We have a free-trade and immigration-promoting colony on each liank, and Heaven knows they would be very ungrateful were they to say we had not been neighbourly. We have sent them our trade, or the best part of it, and made their ports the depSts of our ocean fleet of steamers. Our population they have had freely, particularly New South Wales, and we have even sent a very large slice of our capital across the River Murray. Three years of most infamously bad government just about finished what others, who ought to have known better, had begun. Three years more would about have squelched us. With diphtheria and measles on hand at present to keep our "natural increase" in check, our working man before referred to need be under no apprehension of any undue redundancy of population for a year or so at least. The Sydney financiers, politicians, and mercantile men have a grand crow over us in reference to the matter of the floating of their loan in London so much more successfully than we did three-fifths of ours. They chaff a Melbourne man immeasurably, and keep reminding him they had no " Embassy," not a ghost of one. They never sent, they say, a loquacious, conceited man, with a simple-minded (that's putting it mildly) guide, philosopher, and friend to annoy the Downingstreet officials, and make asses of the people of the colony they represented. And yet they got their loan without humiliating conditions, and on more favourable terms than " the great, the premier colony of Victoria" was enabled to accomplish, Berry, Pearson, and all—no, all but Africauus—thrown in. The worst of it was, there was no refuting the fact. We had but to bow beneath the rod, and " yield to fate, but not to" Mr. Graham Berry. Joking apart, it was not a pleasant thing for an old Victorian, not an appetiser for breakfast, when one cocks the Sydney Morning Herald up against the loaf or the cruet-stand, to read morning after morning that New South Wales 4 per cent, debentures still held their supremacy of place over ours. This was "a change of market days," as the Scotch sav. However, since we have lost Mr, Berry and his crew, things have gotmoreequalised, and the discrepancy is disappearing. The regulations for the conduct of tlae Immigration department and the administration thereof are admirable. They are essentially the same and only equalled by the Adelaide ones, which we lauded in these columns some few years ago, and this is saying a good deal. We can best describe, the system in the language of the exhaustive and able "International Supplement" of the Sydney Morning Herald:—" On arriving in Port Jackson, information is afforded the immigrants respecting the labour market and the prospect of employment in the various parts of the colony, and free passages by railway or steamboat to the country districts are supplied to all when they leave the city. There is no undue haste in discharging the immigrants from the vessels. Married people, with their children, and unmarried men, are permitted to remain on board four days after the ship anchors, and unmarried •women are landed and received into the institution called the Immigrants' Home, where they are allowed to remain eight days, and where those who desire situations as domestic servants may readily find them. This liberal system of immigration, which has been in operation three years, has been readily responded to by people in other countries desirous of improving their condition in life, and who find for the most part that this colony offers advantages such as they would not realise in overcrowded countries of the old world." Railway extension has been carried on at a rapid rate lately, and is still being pushed forward ' ™? r^ expenditure of over five and W a 1 halt n millions, e A n for the purpose of continued extension, was, last year, agreed to by the Legislature. Over 700 miles of railways are in use, and they pay £4 4s. 5d. per cent, per annum interest on the outlay. Taking into consideration the very great difficulties they have to contend with, which we have not got, their extensive territory, with a population under ours on our too-limited area, the almost impassable range of mountains which runs parallel to the coaBt. the rivers (too often liable to direful floods) to be crossed, and the non-possession of an engineering genius like John Woods, Esq., we think this result must be tooke4 upon aQ most GE^iefactorp, and the colony deserves to be congratulated upon it. These extensions tend to bring more up-country people into the city to transact business formerly done through the post and telegraph offices, and this accounts for the more crowded state of the streets and the greater activity j therein since we formerly perambulated them. | The more that railways have been extended, we learn, the greater has been the amount of interest they have earned, while the cost per miie of con- ; struction has decreased. Melbourne and Sydney will soon be shaking bands by rail, and should the Queenslanders embrace the London project of a line to Carpentaria, the New South Wales northern railways must of necessity be carried on to Brisbane, and a man from Melbourne, or say Hamilton or Portland, will be able to go to Torres Straits without leaving a Pullman palacecar. In the matter of building stone the Sydneyites have a considerable advantage over us. The sandstone, of which so much of the city is built, is at hand at Pyrmont. It is more easily worked, and has a comelier appearance than our uncheerful bluestone, and the white Oamaru stone, of which we import so much, must cost more than it, to the extent of the freight in comine from so far. The Sydney University got advised of a grand windfall when we were there. An old Sydney merchant, Mr. Challis, who had made his money in New South Wales, died at home, bequeathing to that institution the munificent sum of £100,000. Invested at 5 per cent, interest this will exactly double the usefulness of the University. The Government endowment being only £5,000 per annum, the chancellor and senate have been unsuccessfully endeavouring to get it increased or doubled, and here the thing is done at once for them from an unexpected source. It is impossibleto over-estimate the good their acquirement of such a sum will enable them to do. In a decade the manufactories in New South Wales have increased threefold. Four-fifths of these, or thereabout, are situated in the county of Cumberland, which includes the metropolis. During the same period commerce has extended at a rate much beyond ours, and the shipping trade, calculated by the gross tonnage inwards and outwards, is 30 per cent, over what it was 10 years ago ; and our neighbours uphold the policies of free trade and immigration. These are nuts for Dr. Knaggs, Mr. Thomas M'Pherson, Messrs. Longmore, Mirams, and others to crack. From a pamphlet recently put into eur hands detailing the " proceedings " ' of the Mansionhouse Committee for the relief of the distress in Ireland during the months of January and February, 1880, we find New South Wales came close up to us in the promptitude of remittances then—namely, £19,5(^pwith £4,500 more named in an addendum up to March 9—total, £24,000 ; Victoria, £20,000, and £4,350 up to tl\e latter date —total, £24,350. By the latest returns from Sydney they have remitted up to the 21st of May £28,000. At same date Mr. Fitzgibbon reported that his fund amounted to £29,147. Considering the disparity between the populations of the two colonies, this speaks creditably of our neighbours. We do not mean to attribute to them, as a people, more generous hearts than our population have, but we think we are justified in drawing the inference that it indicates a greater state of general prosperity. While we were there, in November and December, the weather was heavenly—gentle showers in the night-time, and charming cool days. We have, however, in times gone by felt it hot enough occasionally in the latter month, and in January and February. There is generally, however, a sea breeze in the afternoon to temper it. Spring and autumn are delightful, and winter is very pleasant, except with a south-east gale, and rain, as it appears to us, it can only rain in Sydney. But, as a Melboumeite may contend, we, also, have progressed in that period to some extent. We have erected an Exhibition building, and a more expensive on6. We have bult offices for the public departments—uglier than theirs, we admit. We are nearly finishing a grand edifice for the Supreme and other courts. Banks have been, and are being, built; and our Harbour Trust is vigorously at work improving the navigation of the River Yarra. Granted; but the answer to that is the same as to other points of comparison we have mooted—look at the respective populatious of the two capitals. Sydney has a grand future before her. With the immense territory of New South Wales, computed at 310,938 square miles ; with a seaboard of 800 miles, from Point Danger to Cape Howe, breast on to the Pacific, and plenteous harbours; with fertile plains for agricultural arid pastoral purposes, and almost unlimited supplies of minerals, including coal—the development of these resources is scarcely more than begun—it cannot but be a great colony before the twentieth century dawns upon us; and, par consequence, the metropolis must become a great city, mayhap the greatest in Australia. Gold is, of course, the principal mineral. " Rich as has been the yield of gold," we are told from good authority, there is abundance of evidence to show that the auriferous resources are yet far short of their full development. The quartz veins have not yet been worked to any extent except in a few localities. " The gold production is on the increase," said the late Rev. W. B. Clarke, the eminent geologist; and if prospectors will but go into the districts that abound not far from the vicinity even of gold-fields, where no pick or spade has been employed, new ground will assuredly be found. Coal comes next, and that colony enjoys the specialty of being the only one in the Australasian group possessing it in unlimited quantities. The carboniferous area is said to exceed that of England, France, and the Netherlands combined ; much of this area lies near the sea coast, and the principal mines are within easy access to the "ports of Newcastle and Wollongong." All our steam vessels use Newcastle coal, which is only estimated as 7 per cent, inferior to the best Welsh. All our gasworks, all our railwajs throughout this colony, all our manufactories, and all our household hearths are supplied by the coal out of New South Wales. The strata go below Sydney itself and underneath the harbour, and borings are now being made in the vicinity thereof to teBt the possibility of opening up paying mines ; so the people of Sydney may possibly have fuel at their owndoors in the same way they have now good building atone( and unexceptional^ good drinking water. 