mmmrn. THB OPERA. "MARITANA." The opening of the opera season is usually looked forward to with a good deal of interest, and, as a rule, the first performance attracts a crowded house. The attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night was an exception to this rule. There was certainly a very large but not so full an attendance as is usual on similar occasions. Wallace's English opera, "Maritana," was selected for the opening, with the following cast:—Don Ctesar de Bazan, Mr. Armes Beaumont; Don Jose, Mr. G. Verdi; King of Spain, Mr. B. Levison; Marquis, Mr. Arthur Howell; Captain of_ the Guard, Mr. Arthur Farley; Ltzarillo, Miss E. A. Lambert; Marchioness, Mrs. J. H. Fox; Maritana, Miss Elsa May. It will be observed that, with the exception of Miss May, all the above artists have frequently tied the boards of the Boval in former years. Hence the management in their prospectus state that Ihey refrain from any comment on the company, the names of the artists engaged, &c;, . beine a sufficient guarantee that the season will be a brilliant triumph. Consequently the Maritana" of Saturday night seemed to be almost an exact copy—a kind of daguerreotyped reproduction of the " Maritana" of former years. The features, the voices, the figures, and the very dresses seemed as familiar to the audience as the gorgeous drop- scene. In some respects the selection of Wallace's favourite opera for the opening night was, we think, judicious. Notwithstanding the extreme improbability of the plot, and the sorry picture it presents of the manners and morals of the Spanish grandees, the music is so thoroughly English and BO very melodious that its beauties are appreciated by all classes even without the aid of any great vocalists to.interpret it. Tbere would be no difficulty in selecting from it at least a dozen airs and concerted pieces, every one of which is in iteelf " a,thing of beauty and a joy for ever." The solemn " Angelus ;" the piquant duet, " Of fairy wand had I the power;" the plaintive aria, "Alas,! those chimes;" the melodious trio, "Turn on, old Time;" the martial cavatina," Yes, let me like a soldier fall;" the enchanting aria, " The harp in the air;" and the pathetic duet, "Sainted mother," may be cited as examples. In this respect Maritana" is almost unique. We do not remember any other opera that contains so many popular melodies. Then again the music, as compared with that of many other operas, is simplicity itself. The florid elaborations of the Italian school and the complex specimens of modulations and counterpoint that crowd the pages of the German composers are all wanting. With these positive and negative advantages, " Maritana" is almost certain to be successful if fairly presented. It was consequently welcomed on Saturday night with all the cordiality we accord to a returned old friend, and was witnessed with all the usual demonstrations of a gratified audience. Miss Elsa May, the prima donna of the evening, is a pleasing vocalist and a charming actress. Her voice ranges over about two octaves, and, though feeble in the lower register, it is sweet and sympathetic, and appears to have been carefully trained. She ha evidently made the title role the subject of careful study. Her acting is graceful and unrestrained, and with scarcely a trace of affectation or stagey mannerism. We, of course 6peak only from first impresBionB, but we think that before the season ends she will in all probability fully establish her claim to be recognised as a general favourite. The public will, perhaps, be surprised to hear that the full orchestra of strings, reeds, and brass comprises only a dozen instrumentalists, all told. The renowned Mrs. Bardell endeavoured to arrange her five parlour chairs so as to make them look as much like a dozen as possible; and something of the same ingenuity appears to have been exercised m spreading out the members of the band across the entire width of the proscenium "All things are great or Email only by comparison," yet it is difficult to understand how the diversified tints of the full score of an opera can be presented by such a comparatively feeble number of artists however efficient they may individually be' The chorus numbers about a score of well" trained voices. Nearly all the " old familiar faces are there, and by long practice they have attained to a degree of precision which leaves no room for complaint. The opera was "well awaited. Xtc s^Tiare xa MaS with its grand old cathedral in the distance, the dreary interior of the fortress, in which the dissolute Don Caesar is imprisoned, and the elegant apartment with "its crystal mirrors and marble walls," in which the scene of the last act is laid, were all appropriately represented. And, in consideration of the fact that the company only arrived from Melbonrne a few hours before the curtain rose, it is very greatly to their credit that the whole mechanism of the opera moved on^ without any perceptible friction, and to tha evident satisfaction of those who witnessed it. « Maritana" will be repeated this evening. PEOFBSSOH PEPPHH'S GHOST.—On Saturday night Professor Pepper exhibited his worldrenowned ghost entertainment at Garner's Theatre to a large audience, and there can be no donbt that it will always command good houses. Not only is the illusion cleverly managed, but the Professor throws a romantic halo round everything, which invests the entertainment with more than ordinary attraction. It is very many yean ago since Professor Pepper first electrified people with this illusion, but those who saw it on Saturday night mnst, to a certain extent, have been disappointed if they had had the opportunity of comparison with its presentation at the Royal Polytechnic in London. It could not reasonably be expected that the same elaborate appliances the Professor had in London could be obtained here, and, allowing for all drawbacks, no person who visited Garner's Theatre on Saturday night could fail to be struck with the admirable manner in which the spectral exhibition was managed and the wonderful effects that were produced. The programme opened with the portrayal of the clarsical story of Pygmalion and Galatea, Miss Violet Eno taking the part of Galatea and Mr. H. Aba that of Pygmalion. Then followed a number of views of magnificent statuary and an amusing sketch entitled " The Barber Worried by Ghosts," which was greatly enjoyed. " Fisher's Mystery" formed the leading feature in the second part of the progamme, it being an illustration of how the murder of Mr. Fisher, of Penrith, New South Wales, was discovered by means of " ghostly visitors.' This illusion took immensely. "Hidden and mysterious hand sketching portraits of eminent men" was shown on the wall, then " the dancing skeleton," crawling demons, and beautiful colour changes, and lastly the spectral sketch of The Haunted Inn, in which Violet Eno as the Maid of the Mist sang very prettily. Altogether the entertainment was worthy of Professor Pepper's reputation, the spectacular effects being most successfully produced, and the attention of the audience closely engaged throughout. The same programme will be submitted to-night. BAZAAB.—There was an inconveniently large attendance at the bazaar in the Town Hall on Saturday, owing, no doubt, to the extra attrac- tions that were presented. In the afternoon M. J. Meilhan, B.A., gave a number of selections en the piano, and received very hearty rounds of applause for bis clever playing. Mr. Roberts, of the Theatre Royal, appeared In the evening, and treated the audience to some burlesque opera singing, for which he was encored. A great deal of business was done by the ladies, who had great reason to be satisfied with the quantity of goods disposed of by them. 