BROTHER ANTONIO. (From Scnlmor's Magazine) Is some forgotten ruler's reign, There stood an abbey in.pnest-ruled Spam,- Tenanted by the jolhest friars v:.. . . - '- That ever drank from a wassail- bowl. Or ate good dinner^ beside good fires, Or prayed the sins from a dead man's soul. .; They had good cellars of rare old.wino: :' They.ate and Blept on a.generouE plaiL:;. : Had welli-stodked larders and viands fine, • • And all that comforts the natural man; ' They led a sordid, luxurious life— And waged with Satan no ghostly strife ; Never, J/wotj i&eirfat; .knees wore .'. . ; . . . ' Prayerful dints mthe cold stone floor. ., the brethren were pasttheir youth; ^All bore traces of deep excess j And all had: grown, in their search for,truthy fiivals in pious paunchiness J3ut blowsier, broadei than all the rest, Brother Antonio stood confessed, - - -Rosy of visage, and short of wind, As iLierry a mock as ever sinned, Willi picGiuifjut stomach and double chin, - And mouth to empty a wine-oask in, Hump of body and round of limb— Ton would have said, had you looked at him, Some cherub o££.ubens (himself no eaint— :• A glutton m colour—a sot in paint) Tempted by goodies,. the greedy elf. • .' .. Had:, leaped-, from the -canvas and dressed; himself. ^ v H.ow it happened and what befeli, None of the friars would ever tell, But Brother Antonio, haidenedlong In sinful surieit and selhsh wiong, Made all tiie brotherhood .stand aghast ,: .. .if By setting boldly aside at last • : . Even the loose elastic rule Of their andulgent and sordid school No look of pity their features wore— i Only a stern judicial gloom— fWheii they assembled in solemn, state,: .>V : :In thedeep-embrasured council-room,-- ••:..,.,, , To prove Ins guilt and pronounce his fate . From volumes of old monastic lore, Grimly the gravest read has doom— ; ;To ceaserfrom among tiem forevermore;- • They could not redden their hands with gore, So. as the qmokesfc and cleanest way Of hiding his error fore vermore, They exiled him far from the hght of- day— Doomed him for life to that dismal place, :The crypt, -where their sainted brethren/lay;: io pay Andwhile To lift his of his dire disgrace.-; 3d them, with pallid face,- and shrive his sin;: -- > .,::• a tomb m the Trail 1 s thick stones,; ? j.the former incumbent sliones::f into a corner, fliey pushed him in. -Jh ^ain he • struggledagainst their might f Ty. mm't.-il m- trmtih nf 80ul and brain.': . They settled the ponderous blocks aright. Cementing them firmly m place again, And sealed him up in his -livmg grave With never a friend to shrive or save, With agourdofwater.-andBtandmg.rooin.-.' {He should liot pensh, they said, of thirst, They wouldlet him starve or stifle first) I jBuried alive - Abhorrent doom! • How tie staiggled and cursed his fate J " Jiefl'alone in that ghasEytomb. " With horrible fungi and musty murk, Andnofchmg. to,do biifc-watcli-and -vrait -": : :• For slow starvation to do It^ work! Suriedaliy6 J ^aad^SoItyswhite "" :and:®taaped'at:&e.-- stabbom;^^eSi?*'iid rhe-^hri&ed;'ientreates-andr^am.^omi: And vexed the sileuce with threats and J groans v » The -vicious skeleton elbowed him, a And whenheshruhkfrom its noisome toudhj: tt-Eeemed to follow -wiflipnqpoBe grim '-Aad'^iip.^Aroatmth.'S.isiaflangxilut^C! Till his fetartmg eye-balls almost saw v lis horrible head and ileshless ^aw 'Ag«mstgflie.solidsand;crowding.daik.¥ ••s'ssfii :fThe®^t%TO3diaistouteriheai^jappB31^5-^^ AndjBrothEr Antonio nronchedand slinmli:, And pressed his face to the-rough stone wall .fc- deaaiyiear-^f.iihjeskeietoii.sjnonte sit'Eapgenied-thatsoffithes&er;^de^ii jGf the jsataoombed wall so jihiok and wide,' 1 Aaiofier housefiil ofholy ' »rQ»ite!tejnt)ved'from4heir; 3f.no wni^ touc^lit of tlieirneighliours iBooUrgea'!tlie fiesh :for fe&%piHt%;g-oo : av .-A^i^pl&udipro;^eronaiOTHieEhotjMfe V^gmmxaogg toil sWjth. iMBtlom brought: _ oncesmore. and save cojm beyond the. jilusrag on this and many lnoro -. '>: : Similar subjects of ghostly lore, One evening Brother Rkppo took His frugal taper and missal-Tiook, And ftole away hy the turret stair J ' ' ' So^a«ecret season of silent prayer^ ; But he bethought him before he went) Into his cell's chill banishment, Of a cobwebbed flagon rare and old— A famous vintage which long ago He had jhSdfien away in the dust and mould : Of the dim and shadowy crypt below. Iattle.h'o cared for spectres gain : '' --.'•:• With glkrrng eye-holes and hollow breast- Is ever a ghost had troubled him- And he followed fearless hiB eeoret'quest ': ; ; . "Where, far from the wholesome hght of day, His predecessors were laid awaj- So long ago that they paved the stones .^Witha bas6o-iehevo of mouldy'boiieBy 1 .""- 1 •And as he quietlj picked his way •Over-hiB-samtedibreiiiren's^lay.- • :-.^'i- {Or, stating itsmore correctly, lune}, And mused on the changes of life and time, : ToliiB pondennpT' soulitanust'.have. seemed j-.' 1 On'mortal relics ajid^ifflewetl'stmes, s That the one fixed fact in the wodd was «- bones ' f There were bones inf) many and quaint "designs, > -In rows and pyramids, squares and lines, Curves and angles and wings and lyres, Droll wheel-patterns with skulls for hubs, . • xtibs for felloes and epmes for tyres : - - : Clieerfuliiuicies o£ hearts andehibs (These m honour of long past games When these reb-csrwore skins'and names); • ^Boues in.triplets and bones mpairs,- Aics and circles, , rosettes and squares— - Bones in every position placed, -: •*. -•.• ;:. . :, , - Bones on the most abounding" plan-— ' Never so vast a number graced ' -v She happiest dream of a medical man. • And- skulls-; :they.met=him cneverySlde;-•..-• Spectraliand gassLyrand vacant-eyed; • Skuils above Inm, around, beneath, In .every possible stage of teeth, ;Somehad-regTdaiiow8of pearlB, • •-.' Some were fenged like a savage beast, "While Borne'. had ::eu£pids like fair young girls'— White, as ricergrains; and.there was one -..' Uncommonly old and holy priest,: • '. , . : -? With teeth worn level by life's long feast, : And a. calm expression of. work well done: .: But jBrother jFihppo faced the throng ~>\: Pearless,- and mused, . as he stole along,-. • •How .strange .whpnlife is .alert, and. glad,:. • And death is dreary, and cold and dull, -"-v That hving faces are mostly sad,. : .,;,•.:••-.:.:, And.nothing.gnns hkeadead man'sskull 1: Hark' The fmr.turned with a nervous start • - And: a sudden .plunge , of his shrinking, heart; ^omhis.jocund nose-and his rosy .jowl v Ebbed an a.moment the rjch red lilood, :. And terror struck. tf,o his inmosc sonl, Asthud^-thud^thuS-^-tJmi ;'. .•:;••'•"••.••-... .. . Came four dulled sounds .from a. walled-up, tomb, Smiting, his igense,lake the strokes .of doom;. 3Sis~very skull-cap nbniTilr appalled, Doubtless his hair would have risen straight Except that his lead was elmiy bald— .x :. - - Bald as a biscuit by time or fate, Erozehis heart.with- a' deathly, chill.; • • Died on his hps the mumbled prayer. His -jaw: dropped wide and lus • pulse stood still With a sudden and awful sense of scare, And.dowmon ,the damp unfriendly ground r„. He dropped in;a-deep and breathless swound;' Whether the touch of dead men's:bones,:.. Or the solid whack on the cruel stones Restored, his .senses,' he rallied' soon,: -: .' ''. : '•. And .with >.many ':a tumble,, wrench^ and spram— liiB haste ahd terror contemning pain—: (Hislight was ont, and there shone:no'moon) - Ha- scrambledrand' struggled; bruised and lame, Back by the crooked way he came, 1 — The winding vault and the steep • stone stair Leadmg- to life and-hght and air,— -v-. -- i Losing all he could leave behind;.-. ; • . • . f • Taper, and sandals; and presence of mmd.:. :' The brothers gathered with spade andpiok— : And somothing of nervous dread, withal— And lifting tbe oobwebs dense and thick, They pried a.stone from the masave wall, : And lo' m answer to all their quest,— Pale with fasting,- with terror faint; * : '' ^ - His "white hands folded across bis breast,— ; He stood discovered—their prayed-for saint 1, .Whatever had been Antonio's crime, He was always cunning, old or young, And he saw that this was a proper tame -.. • To cast up -ius eyeB and hold- his tongue-' 1 They hftediimgently with many .prayers,-. This new-fledged eainc, from-.-lus stone cocoon, They.cainedhim.tenderly up the stairs. • .With faces of awe-sfcruckrjoy—and soon - • -- They made him splendid with garments brave, Warmed him with cordials rich and -.strong,- And sculptured arches and. stately nave < • r- Sent back the strains of their welcome-song;'; "Sobered by danger and fear and gTiof,— - v . JTor even inars from these may learn,— Brother Antonio vowed to turn • Oyer a brand-new moral leaf -Ta.'be.derated^Bmcere^aiid good,:- And hve as a.godly friar should: ; •:•.•:•;i-'n-:.^ He prayed.and studied and fasted much; - The fame of his saintship oireled wide; The sick were -brought .for 'his healing touch; ®rom^e;furtiest:boimd:ofsthe'conntryside';; >The,«mple-peasanti^far^dinear,!^^ Held iiTTn holy, and young- and old his counsel with faith sincere,. is.*: stmtm^- their. Etomar.lLS of needed _ u for so .much gold, . And half believed he could raise the dead. ;®ut:fijiddenconverBions seldomIaBt';'' ':,:-^-': r And ere a year of iis sainiBbip passed, 'i In spite of vigils and prayers galore, Brother Antonio fell tmoe more— Heavier, harder, deeper, lower, 3?artheriand'WorBe ,tliaiL-lie didibeforeis^iv And the eorrowmg brethren, shocked and grieved, - :To^d%ojcsore;.theyliad?beeniaeMivJ^,B:s.-sV :No.Samt,:.but-a'donbly^siniul'!man5:^::;i«.f:'fi!; Andrememberiiig'how.they.had:founi3:bim ^ Diet, ^ Could tiiink oi no surer or hetter plan, To cleanea their,-skirts of- this dismal gtam;; i33iBn;foiputlum backfm-^.-hole agam^fej. "SO,'AFTER.^SPERS;-'THEY,'L^K:3^.DOWNI?."I ;iJ&ere;theteokenitomb.:>was'gapingiwide; The a-esident skeleton, tall and "brown, " Andihe slnpty.water-^ourdiistillinsidefj-:. ? 43^stonei3iaa..nevOT.^mcBaeen:'replaoed)c;. -Andr^heyscladiihimsagainiin: his umldewed' -gown, With jthe hempen rope's-end about the > waist,— t 1 _ ^ ®e.same^afcwhen'he-ariavfidihe:wore;-T^.i With his marrowless enemy, sfcarkandgnm, :.-H"eautimethe : brof;hersTvliodooinediiiiti.^rst Haa iel&Bi;'men.Konedhis awful-fate'; , » Only^genial 3 It happened on ,the ? same spring day •• S!&en;^3igiiSfy:'!'noifl:fifor.ftheiSecondfSamB:t? iHadsbeenMthefcataooBibsseale 1 nway To Lxj mf" and repent hi*. C"mu, had ditd — brown; ^^^^ And now, as -the moon began to rise And scatter the light-from'her silver crown Over the dewy world outside, His brethren gathered to bear himdown And lay him -away to skeletonise Under the altar,—the usual way,— Chill and silent, the dead monk lay; .The flickermg .iaper'fi light revealed-'. -: n' His dark-fnnged lids in their death-sleep The'marble brows-with their classic line,: ' -: The thm, high'nose, and thenostnl fiiiej :.- . And the lips that, never would open mors . - In aves, paters, ^or holy hymns; , And the coarae grey garment he always wore .Showingthe lines.of -hisiigid limbs- ••'-•.••: -"'.v iDhderrits frayedand.faded hem : v.: iGannt andipaHid; his feet were scon, :•--_: Bare—and now, for a wonder, clean; Earthly paths were no more for fljiem, .And^though not neededin:other spheres, . His half-worn sandals 'heside were placed. . Two^wax-iilce hands to his pulseless breast: Hat "hung by his rosary's beaded chain reckon -^prayers 2?o ,tb.e hemjien-gin31e about his waist --. - •••' (Dead—-in his manhood's ripest prime; Dead—and, spite of his fifty years, iWiat had he conquered.fronifata and time f What had he known of the worth of Ilfef > Never upon that lonely breast Had.brow of sweetheart .or-tender wife Hidden m shyness or leaned for. rest ! .'Never;a childhad nestled there, • •••••• Or tossed and tangled ins glossy haar. A wandering breath from the chancel door Blew; and fluttered its soft brown rings,— .: Silken-bright as in days of yoie, -When in bis childhood's dehghtful springs," .Thoughtless of-scourgeB .and penances; - -He ran and -sported and laughed for joy iUnder the .thick pomegranate trees:' -••-'•< Of fair Granada, a merry boy 1 fast allipenance and.prayer aildpain,:::• : . The loot of-his youth came back again..' <• • It chanced.that; the gentle brother's death Was seized byiEaie.as the moumful means 01 saving .Antonio's failing breath, : And bringmg him:baok to earthly scenes. For it often chanced .that no living soul, For months, went down in that diBmal hole— The last cold bedroom of all the friars, Wheremwhen- once they were laid to sleep, : Ko call to mating or chant of ohoirs Could, rouse them;—down in that dismal deep, Far from the pure, rebuking sky, Irreverent rodents, alert and sly, But daring from numbers and fieroe withalj W«ry*aB friars, and sleek no lesB, Held with the relics high carnival. And throve on the husks of holiness. Bat Brother Jerome was dead—and so •-His comrades gathered in mournful pairs,.:, Some bearing him.dovm to the vaults below,> While others followed with chants'., and prayers;— It .almost seemect, ere,they reached-the: end; That' the: monk had perished to save - hie friend. Hark! Their pallid tapers, with^wavering spaik; .: Only served to reveal the dark And the Ekeleton heads—a grewsoiae sight— Which. glad of some presence besides them- ^ selves, Seemed to nod: in the flickering light, And grin and gibber along the shelves ~ Hark < -: Was it a rat, that m yonder chink— Their tapersV glimmer scarce reacheS so far— With a gum anticipatory wink, Looked up from gnawing a fibula ? Each monk turned timidly round'to see : v What the cause of the noise might be, And iJittd—tfcud—Wmd—tftwd, There came a knookidg that froze their bloo J, From the very tomb where long ago ' , They had walled up Brother Antonio! : Within, the famished and desperate saint, Cramped by the ohilly, olose constraint; - Was struggling to make his presence .known By pounding for We with a stray thigh-bone. Each shrunk from showing before the reat Tlic- awiul terror.thatflUed.hls breast; Had there been but one, he had straightway fled In a headlong panic of frantic dread, As brother Fihppo had done, one day; For courage,-like firs, 'tis safe. to say— : Though none of the brothers the f&ot; wonld own— Is apt to languish when left alone. At last the bravest of all the band- He had-the musole and brawn of five— ^ Said—crossing: himself with a : trembling hand— ' " 'Tis Brother Antonio, still alive "' The wonder widened, :and one and all Fell to work at the massive wall, While Brother Antonio's muffled tones . Urged ihem on from behind, the. stones. - ' At last they reached him; with pale: hauds pressed Prayerfully on his ample breast, He stood, with hie rapt eyes raised.on high, And face with fasting and fear-made wan, lake the jiOhd statueB that stana for. aye - Niohe-eoshrmed in the Pantheon, Lo, a miracle! All their eyes Opened wider with awed surprise— Surely, none buVa samt could"live Eleven long months in a hole like this! ' And all were eager and glad to give Honour to such rare holiness Humbly the pale and wondering tbrong Pressed around with obeisance low, Praying his pardon foi all the wrong Done in blindness ^o long ago. And, as though to welcome the wise old'boy, The rows oi skulls.'pn the narrow shelves : Grimaced and grinned in the general joy,' And talked it over among themselves. Brother Antonio knew full well He had oheated dB»th:by :a marvel twice,: i.ud haply the spectre that 'shared his cell Gave him some opportune advice. Be that as it may, he took good heed To-mindhiswainingssandtoendhiBwaysi Atoning by righteous life and deed For all the errors of former days-; So he lived revered as a saint should be, And he died m the odour of sanctity, And when At last he was laid away, His journey ended lot good and all, And nobody heard him, by night or day, , Knocking lot help in the thick £tone wall, . GO&OtTBDIG; J?OE SODIS AOT GbAVIES.—PUT four cuuoes," of lump jsugar, a giil of water, ana half an-ouUoe of the finest bntW into a small tosser, anc^set it over a senile fire; stir it "jyith & yrooden «poonjtiU of a bright brown. Then add hall a pint -of water; toil skun, and when cold, bottle and corkit_doss. Add iofionp or.gcavy.aB much of-this as will give a proper colour., | OajUscEiLbs's OB'CABIKET PODDING.—BOI ? pint of cream with a bit-of lemon seel and some fine sugar, and pour it hot over. * half pound of crumbled newly-baked Savoy cake m a basin Oover the dish. When the cream is Boakcd up add the yolks and. whites of eight J eggs, separately 'well whisked. Baie the pudding and serve.-with custard -sauce.'. Stoned.datea,^plumB-or raisins may bo added, and al«o minced mairow almonds, and grated 