DROWNED. By James Lockhart. His puffed cheeks were badly bruised, otherwise his face was very. little disfigured. His dim eyes were staring, wide open, and a string of foam-bells Btood on the line of his compressed lips. He wa8 lying within high-water mark, just on the ocean's hem. As I stood looking at him one of the retreating breakers ran up with a great rush of foam and touched his naked feet. I had never seen a dead man before in all my life. It was a melancholy shore, and the fringe of dwarfish timber behind the sand- hummocks waB dripping with the dregs of the storm. A cold, creeping mist began to overspread the waves, and the blurred and watery sun was sinking down behind a bank of opal haze. One of the fiercest and most treacherous rivers in New Zealand las' between me and the nearest police camp. The ford was at all times dangerous for a pedestrian, and I knew that it would be a hazardous experi ment to force a passage so soon after the recent rains. I was travelling in the-oppoaite direction, towards Hokitika, but I felt that I could not pass by and leave the dead man unburied upon the beach. After I had carried the corpse across the sand ridges out of the reach of the returning tide, I built a fire of driftwood, and made up my mind to remain where I - was until the morning. I had been gold-mining on the West Coast for several months, and I was well prepared for roughing it. I soon made myself a comtortable lair among the reeda, and lay down against the fire with my blanket around me. I was tired, but I could not sleep. The incessant boom of the boiling surf kept me awake. The cannonading upon the rocks was at times so loud and menacing that 1 thought the sea would break its bounds and carry the island bodily away like a mussel-shell. I did not think of it until it was too late, but when darknesa fairly set in a kind of superstitious dread began to steal over me when I found myself all alone with the dead. Old-world tales of terror which I had heard in childhood, and had forgotten for years, came back with startling vividness to my mind. The legend of a sheeted corpse who rose up in, the dead of night and began to tell strange things to the appalled watchera by the bed made my blood again run cold when I thought of it. I had often sneered at a ghost story, ? but, after all, there. might be something in it. If I fell asleep among the fire shadows and opened my eyes upon an appearance against the use of nature, I felt that I could never challenge it like a steadfast philosopher and man of nerve. In my sudden panic I rose to my feet and took a furtive glance at the dread object which lay behind me upon the wild sea banks. If I had had a hand in his death my apprehensions could not have been more vague and alarming. My night's reat was troubled and broken, and I woke up at daylight with my hair powdered with hoar-froat, and every joint atiffened with cold. After a hasty breakfast, a walk of two miles along the shining sands brought me to the horseman's ford. The water was flowing over the point of danger marked on the safety-gauge, and I saw that I would have to awim the middle of the river. This waa an awkward circumstance, for it was a raw and gusty morning, and the iloodtido waa thundering upon the bar, only a short gun-shot below the crossing. I was taken off my feet sooner than I expected, and carried down stream a great deal further than I liked. I managed to scramble out with a little difficulty, for the rush of the mid- current was very strong. ' Hallo,' the sergeant exclaimed, when I presented myself before him in bedraggled apparel, 'what's up?' 'I had to swim across,' I replied. ' I've got newa for you.' 'A naughty night to swim in,' he replied. 'What's the news?' 'I've found a dead man lying upon tho beach— a drowned man, I think.' ' That's tho third one in three months,' the officer ejaculated. 'I wonder how it ia that they are all thrown up on tho other aide,' ho added reilectively ; 'the tide must act that way somehow, tho undertow, I think they call it. How ia he dressed V' 'Like a miner, heavy moleskins and a Crimean ahirt ; he's bare-footed.' ' That's it, he's taken off his boots before ho went in ; a bad plan that. YbulU'alwa,yB'h6id'yc-ur' own' better 'in: a' tideway with leather to your feet. He's been carried over the bar like the others, and thrown up again with the first flood. We must get a boat put upon the river ; it's high time now, still everything can't be done at once. Have you had breakfast?' . ' Yes, but I feel that I should like' a change of clothing. Can you lend me a dry shirt?' ' Certainly, old man and a horse to ride back. We'll start at once.' ' Poor fellow,' the sergeant muttered, as he knelt upo'n one . ? knee and closely scrutinised the face of the dead — 'poor fellow. He's been drowned, sure enough. A fine young man, too.' '? He hasn't been much knocked about,' I remarked. ' It's curious, too, in that terrible surf.' ' We'll see^ what he's got about him, anyway,' the sergeant rejoined; 'we might find a clue to his s name and family. Hillo ! what's this ?' A little packet, securely wrapped up in several folds of some kind of waterproof material, ?was suspended from the neck of the corpse by a silver chain. It contained the photograph of a pensive-looking, but very pretty girl and two letters. ' This may lead to something,' the officer muttered, then he began to read. ' Rockville, Oct. 22, 1867. ' My dear Son, — Your last long letter made me very «lad. It ?was such a satisfaction to hear that you had broken with your racing acquaintances in Dunedin. No good could ever come by associating with that class of men. I have not told your friends here that you have gone to the diggings. Some of them might think that it was only a whim of your*, but others might guess the truth, and I should be sorry to let anyone .know that a son of mine had to descend to manual labour for his living. Surely stern experience has taught you wisdom at last. You see what your thoughtless follies have brought you to: I cannot con ceive anything to amuse or instruct a gentlemen in the hutu where poor rnen lie. Your fall in life, however,' may do you good service in the happier days to come. You tell me that you sometimes sleep out under trees, and bake your bread in a frying pan. I never thought that your reckless and romantic dispo sition would lead you into such terrible straits. I implore you not to run any unnecessary risks, and above all things take care of your health. Your splendid constitution can't last for ever. And now I have some good news for you. Your uncle has relented at last, and invites you home again with the first safe ship that sails. You can draw on the Dunedin firm for any sum you want. My dear son, this is your last chance, and you must take oppor tunity by the forelock. Your uncle is getting old and inlirm, and it will never do to offend him again. You have, I am sure, too much good sense for that. We expect you home in April — the month of smiles and tears. It seems such a long time to look forward to, but I must wait with patience for your coming. I have gone very little into society since you left us. In all things, and at all times, I miss you' so very much. The Varleya have gone to France for the winter, and the house is shut up. Mary .button called upon me yesterday. She is as bright and delightful ns ever Bhe was, and, 1 really do believe, would wear the willow for your sake. It did me good to have a long talk with her, and you may be sure we spoke a great deal of you, but I will not tell you what she said. You will, I hope, soon find out for yourself. You must write to your uncle without delay, and don't forget that you have great expectations in that quarter. 1 have one or two good stories about the Kelly people which, I think, will amuse you, but I shall keep them for the present in order to have the pleasure of telling * them with my own lips when you come to us again. As a last ?word, I entreat you once more to take good care of yourself, and remember the first ship home. — Your affectionate mother, ' Jane Clifford. ' The sergeant thought in silence for a few moments after he had come to an end with it, then he opened the second letter, which was also in a female hand, and read : — ' Melbourne, Jan. 7, 1868. ' Sir, — If this should ever reach your hand you must feel that you are a traitor, and the very meanest man under the sun. You left me with a smile and a lie on your lips, and I never knew that you had sailed for New Zealand until the other day. You knew the state I was in, and you also knew that the door of my father's house was shut against me for evermore. How can you 'walk about among other men, and hold up your head, when you think of those things ? Perhaps you can sleep in peace, out I .' shall never know the sweet sleep of innocence again. You have made me what I am, and when your time comes you will remember me. I am not going to tell you all I feel, and quite unpack my heart with words. I will only tell you that I hate you, and my curse will never leave you wherever you go. ' E. TRACY.' 'Not much to be made out of all this,' the sergeant remarked ; ' he seems to have been a wild young fellow in his day, and his :;. - end has been pitiful enough.' We buried him among the sand hummocks hy the sea, and set up a heavy slab of granite at his head. When I passed that way a few weeks afterwards I found that the memorial had been completely swallowed up by a recent sand storm. No trace had been left behind it of the wanderer's grave. 