Intercolonial News in Brief. (Compiled from Exchanges.) IT has cost £40,000 to capture the Kellys. PETER CAMPBILL is doing a good business in Deniliquin. The diamond drill owners intend boring for water at Temora, A fine sample of asbestos has bom found near Orange, N.B.W. Unfortunately, it is again harvest time for dootora in Melbourne. The Rev. John Back, of Adelaide, committed ■aioide by taking prussie acid. Thb Orient steamer John Elder has brought out 450,009 of silver coinage. A grand arcade is to be made in Sydney between George and Pitt streets. Submarine telephonic communication is carried on effectually across Sydney harbor. The Melbourne Museum now has 44,600 spe cimens completely classed and labelled in case. The Duke of Manchester, after seeing the ex* hibition, will visit Adelaide, Sydney, and New Zealand. It is the intention of the Victorian Govern ment to float the £2,000,000 balanoe of the loan this year. Tasmania is now exporting trout—2B,ooo were lately sent to New Zealand, Adelaide, and Melbourne. New South Walbs exported last year £10,881,805 of her produce, Victoria only £8,069,000. A kan and a woman have been crushed to death in Tasmania by a tree falling on the hut they were living in. Sir Henry Pabkes returned the card of membership sent to him by the Victorian anti- Chinese Association. " Xt tv Brutes," exclaimed the Age when the mob of unemployed hooted before their office and cheered the Argxu. REBPEornra the Melbourne mayoralty, Alder* man Moubray and Councillor Garten are men* tioned as likely candidates. The increase of the population of Victoria, during the quarter ending June last, was 6858 ; the total population is 908,852. In protectionist Melbourne the M unemployed" are always numerous—l2oo are now on the relief works, and have been for three months. Syndicate is now the word, not Company, and a Calcutta Tea Syndicate has been formed for introducing Indian teas into Victorian markets. It has been determined that the comet lately seen here actually " kiised" the sun as it passed —that is it passed through the outer atmosphere. The wild man of the Tullarook Caves, who was proved to be a thief of the fowl and clothes line genus, has got six months in another cave— the gaol I Some of Edison's electrical patents are almost forgotten, Siemens Bros., Jablokoff, Werder mann, and Brush having attained a more prac tical success. Five hundred appeals were made against the Sydney Exhibition awards, and actually 300 awards reversed. This has caused a bad impres sion Id England. The Civil Service reductions in Victoria begin with 20 per cent off all salaries of £1000 and upwards, and goes in a descending ratio till £200 per annum is reached. On the Kilmore railway platform a ghost has taken to promenade at night It is rather a dangerous joke to play, for the stationmaster has fired at it several times. Georoe Martin, late a Melbourne merchant and now insolvent, has had the granting of his certificate suspended for twelve months for being culpably negligent in his business. Evert package crossing the Murray at Moama baa to pay for wharfage 9d., every bale of wool 4d., every eight sheep Is., and so on. Veri'y how these colonies love one another ! The Tylden (Via) fanners want protection on feeding grains from New South Wales and New Zealand. Says the Australasian to them—Why not get protection from Warrnambool potatoes and Murray wheat ? The bushman, aa he travels, will have food for thought in the fact that the Auatralian plant* number about 7000 dicotyledonous, 1600 mono cotyledonouß, and 1000 aootyledonoua species. Bfuron Mueller sighs for more i The Bishop of Melbourne has been preaching and advocating the interference of the clergy in political matters. He forgets, bat the people do not, the tyrannical spirit the clergy showed when they had political power. Thb master of the barque Troebrtgue ran dawn nenr Java a catamaran upon which were £ive Malays, and did not stop to pick them up. The crew have just given evidence against him, mad he gets three months in Melbourne Gaol People in Melbourne are carrying camphor in their pockets as a precaution against epi demics. A man who ate some' for the same reason had to be taken to the hospital to save him from dying. Note —Camphor is poisonous. The Victorian Minister of Education, in order to encourage the young in habits of industry and thrift, raffles his property at Ballarat for £2000. Haying some 800 shares himself, he wins it back •gain, thus netting £1200. Moral to the school children—Go thou and do likewise. 