CHAPTER XXXIV. HAROLD DRMAHDB AH EXPLANATION OF HAUVAIM. On his way Harold paused two or three times to wipe his lips, which were dry, and his fore head, which was moist, and to oontemplate the evidences of Maavain's exquisite taste and cul ture. He paused, also, at the gropp which he had cqt in marble pf Banf and Evangeline. 11t is a disgrace to an artist," he mused," but it is not my property, and must stand as a record of my shame. Thus does an artist sell his soul, piecemeal, for wine and fine linen. But there is a better record in tho market-place, which may compensate for this libel. X feel almost weak* minded enough to go and set my tiametaponit not this boor, though ; I have other^work icy do." ' •' - ■ ■ ■ • < P : He walked straight to the room in which ha lted left Mauvain. His friefcd was- not there;: he went then to a smaller room which Mauvain had made into a study. He tried the door; it was locked, ;He.~ knocked, '. *and ~ Mauvain answered:' ~ " Who is there ?" " It is I—Harold." 11 am resting," said Uauvain, from within^ "and cannot be disturbed." " X m.UBt see yoo at onoe." " Must ?" echoed Mauvain, haughtily. " It is imperative" The door was unlocked, and Harold entered. The room was in disorder, and bore no signs of the rest which Mauvain said he was taking every secret drawer in a large and handsome desk was open, and the table and desk itself were strewn with papers. : "Ton have been busy, I see,"said Harold. "I told yon," rejoined Mauvain, with a lack: of cordiality, "that I was, at reat. -1 did not wish to be disturbed." "And I told yon it was imperative .1 should see you. I regret the necessity, but it is nob' thele6sa necessity." . .. .. In this brief . dialogue ijhe - ordinary' .tone observed by these friends in their conversations had been lost sight of; this appeared„to strike them simultaneously, and they at opes relapsed into their usual manner. Mauvain pointed to a chair, covered with papers, and Harold, without apology, scattered the papers to the door and took the'seat. i i..' " Ton must have something..of the greatest interest to communicate," said. Mauvain, with a purposed drawl, "that you intrude upon me against my wish." "Ton are partly right, Mauvain ; Ihave some thing of the greatest interest, noli exactly to communicate, but to speak to you upop,",. "I observed that you followed that woman out of the house." .' . , . ' . "Ted, I followed her.", .. , .ri "And conversed with her?".'. "Tee." , .' : V,... "Do'you wish to relate to.me what passed: between you?" .- ,.,1^ "No, I have no such wish; but in what.we'haye now to say you may perhaps jgather. something of its import." ' . " Ton appear to be in a strange hutboiir-. Harold." . . ; " Mauvain, I have seen a ghost." "Of a woman?" "Of a star." " Oome, this promises well." " I almost hepe it will not end as well, for if it does my hopes may disappear and iny:.faitli may be once more lost, never again to be restored." "Interesting as ever, Harold; 1 scarcely regret you disturbed me." " Mauvain, I must speak to you seriously." " I hate seriousness, but if you insist upon it,. I Will not thwart you." . " Let us, then, travel bask in memdiy io the eventful night so vividly recalled awhile sinoe by Margaret Sylvester." "I have had occasion, Harold, to warn you lately more than once; I trust you pre pot goiDg to compel me to do so again." "It is immaterial, Mauvain; no warnings,, exhortations, threats, or appeals can divert me from the goal upon which my mind is pet. Spare, then, your breath, and let us converse' freely, and, if we can, honestly.^ \ " Have you come to piok a quarrel ?" "Heaven forbid; but if that contingency were to occur, we at least should know. hOw.to' settle it. We stand on equal ground ; 'we are both gentlemen. Mauvain, X have been. your friend ; your companion in many a daring and many a foolish adventure, I have never yet had ocoaaion to question your courage or1 your honour; not always in accord with you, atdhg; sometimes by the airs of superiority you Hive assumed—and in which to some extent; you were fairly justified—I have folio wedyupt'lead in idle mood, and have upheld you before'*your face and behind your back, as is the duty of a friend who, although he cannot justly, defend, on the strict score of morality, all that'ia done,. still is content to share the pleasure and' the consequenbes of acts in which he is a partici pant." " It Butted you, Harold." " "I do not deny it; nor do I assume a virtue which lam conscious I hare never possessed. Buf I hare always understood—and. dri my honour I speak the truth—that those %ho', were led by ns to share onr pleasures, or who:bftheir own aoeOrd joined in them, were Jike ourMlrea ▼otaries of pleasure. I use the* ward-lit 'Its ordinary acceptation. That some;required to be wooed, coaxed, intrigued for—that toihelield off, and by so doing added to the punuita- lftbUer enjoyment— that some falsely profpstedj -and needed argument, persuasion, protestation, before they joined the bunt—led always to the same result. Judged by a moral standard—I ask a thousand pardons for dragging in such a fignre of speech—we and they were invariably on an equality; of the earth earthy—with hut one object in view—en joymeht of ltfe." ' "Ton hare missed your vocation, Harold you should have been a new-school preacher." " I have missed much—of which Ishallnever now obtain possession. What I have said has been not in justifieation but- in explmtifHoh of myself, Hanvain, in all that I have joined; in ail that I have participated, I have never onoe had reason to suppose that ianooenoe' was betrayed." , - r •» "Poor innocence! and simp!e,: uhsephlsti lated Harold! I see the dimmest glimmer of a light." - ; " It will become clearer with every word that follows. I come, then, onoe more, to* the night so vividly recalled by Hargaret Sylvester. I! need not detail again the events of that night."' " For love's sake, no! It is as clear to me as it seems to be to you; although why it should have so much affected you passes my oompre hension. But I ahsll be soon enlightened." " I had arrived, without premeditation, in a town in which you were making a briefs atay; I. could stop but a few hours. There 'was but one hotel for gentlemen in the town, and- there I put up. I was young at thatimeP-—> " Yery nearly as young, my dear Harold, as you are at the present time."' ■ v' " I would it were so; We had met before, and bad formed an agreeable acquaintanceship, almost, if not quite "a friendship. - You professed to be delighted to eeevne. ' Harold,' said you, ' I can give you a night of pleasure and delight. There is- here a travelling: manager, with two of the loveliest creature? yon have ever beheld. I have engaged them to sing and datibe iu a theatre attached -to his hotel, and only my private friends are to be admitted to'- witness the performance. The manager is a Scoundrel, and the girls — well, what snch girls usually are.' Dine with me, and be my guest for the night.' I gladly oonsented —I was proud of your friendship, Man vain, for your name stood high, as it has always stood, and io he accepted by you was a mark of distinction. Believe me it w*s not on those worldly grounds that you'wotf me; I had no sordid object in view ; butltfwas because I. fanoied I diademed in you a nature akin to my own." Harold's voice faltered as he recalled these youthful dreams, and his head drooped, and Mauvain, as he it£6ided the man, who was young enough to be hit eon, was stirred by an unusual tender* sen. He placed hie band upon Harold'a band end for a moment Harold allowed it to reat there. Then he drew it softly away, and raising his bead, gazed at Hanrain sadly, with tears in his eye*. M*utoId, scaroely knowing what he did, held eat his arms, as though be would em brace his friend; but Harold held baek, and Blauvain's arms fell to his side. In a eon* strained voioe he said, "Tour memory is ' perfect; proceed." 