i P"oltelt oNr Ifiyht. - Not to Infriage 0uon thnse of Others. THtIRcDAY. JULY 29. 1880. T'ma session was Inaugurated on Tues day, when an amendment on the address in reply to. the Governor's opening speech was carried. Ministers immediately resigned, and Mr. Berry was entrusted with the task of forming a new Government. All day yesterday he was busily engaged on this im portant business, but at a late hour last night nothing had been settled. In the course of the day he (Mr. aanar) had interviews with Sir JoxH O'saANsTer and Mr. Warzos, but nothing came of them. All the vague talk about coalitions, with which the public its been amoused for some days pest wolli seem to have been idle, and Mr. IlIttRY's choice of colleagues is strictly limited to his own immediate followers. His ability to form a Ministry is strengthened by this limi. tation of his area of selection, but a Ministry formed by him under such conditions will lack strength and prestige, and will have within i: the elements of speedy decomposition. In the Interests of peaceful and settled government, things are best as they are. The Governor's opening speech is the briefest document of the kind we re. member to have ever seen. It contains a pregnant passage about the present unsatisfactory condition of the publie saoount, and points to future legisla tion, on constitutional reform and other subjects. The most'notable inci deut of the inauguration was the leo. ture His Excellency read the Assem bly on its recent Irregular action in proceeding to business before he had formally set it to work. He gave members a good sound wigging, as it was to be expected he would do, for he is a sound Parliamentarian, and natur. ally regards with pious horror any de parture from time.hoonored modes of transacting important business. Be sides, he was directly implicated in the affair. In his own person and in the person of the Royal mistress whom he represents, he had been slighted and set at naught by the late Opposition, and it was due to the dignity of his office that he should publicly resent the in sult. ' We presume there will be few who will further question the pro. priety of Mr. SavRccO's conduct dur ing the crisis. Supplies have now been 'obtained, and his successor can come into office duly provided with means to carry on the country's affairs, which he would not havebtad if Mfr Service had resigned without meeting the House. The late Premier thus goes out as he came in, with proprietyand dignity,and in a manner that wilireflect credit and honor on the short period of Mr. SEn. vieo's rule so long as it is remembered. If he never returns to power, which we should be sorry to consider a possible thing, Mr. Sancvic will carry with him into comparatively private life the esteem of all who can properly appre ciatle a man who attempts great things and only yields to difficulties impossible to surmount. But we hope to see him come to the front again under circum stasces more favourable to the success of his high aspirations for the country'a e good. t Lolnox telegrams is the Melbourne I papers to July 20th are as follow --The a Turkleh Government Is to receive one more r chance at the hands of the great powers to e foldl aatisfactorlly the articles of the Treat d of Berlin with tefr-ence to the Montenegrin sad Albaniandifmculty. For this purpose It Is expected that an ultimatum will he Iesued by the great power summoning tile Porte to satlsfy the requirementsof Montenegro under the treaty within the space of three weeks. u ]eporti are current to the effect that the it Queen has sent a messase to the Sultan e urging upon him the advisability of yielding to the decisions nf the Berlin conference, on account of which pressure Is now being It brought to hear upon Turkey. Active pre- at parstions are proceediolg to onteneuro for it any emergency which may arise from the B present crisis with Turkey,'and a general is levy has been ordered throughout the princli. a pality, It is announced that a naval demon stratton by the fleets of the European poe ere t will be made esmult neously of Aodvari hi and Saloeioe.-Io the House of Commons oa the 26th, the Marquis of Hartiogton sald that after the proclamation of Sirdan Abdul s Reihman as Ameer of Cabsl, the British rc-. It presentative had several Interviews with hi hm, in the course of which he wos informed that at the present time it was impossible tos as enter Into any negotiations relative to ha Candahar and Gandamak,about which pieces ie Abdul Rahmao had been making certain in. si quiries. Abdul "Rahman was further In. A formed that the British Goverament was determined not to suffer any foreign In. a Sluence to prevail at Cahul, so as to be ht e means of fomenting disturbances there in the he future. With regard to the representative of Great Britain at OCbnl, his Ilordship slaid ti that the matter had net bhen finally settled an upon. Oue thing the Government had deo s elded was that there should be no British sl resident there t and it ia probable, he addsed, C that a Mahomedin envoy will be appointed TI to represent Enullth literests at Abdul not Itahme n's Court.-A Calcutta message of| the 28th reads --Further iltellflence has Ca been received regardins the movements or Ayoub Khan, who. it Is reltotei, has eroted t the irer Helmund, ant i r within a hrl distance of the British forces. It Ita also loo stated that Ayoub II about to receive Isare ile refsforcemets, anil t that body of cavalry, sa u?nherincr ahout 4,000, is expected to jIn nor htim imuediately. It is reported thtt scout bie belonging to Aoub's cavalry ihave actualnly mil appronached within eight of tie British camp. cas -lbhe bill Inotroduced by thie aGovernmoent for e grantins osmpeeaatiin to evicted Irish itnanrlts osd thebs third reulading m tlle O Bouse of Osamsona n thle lteh by a msajority of ts. 'Ilhe bulk ot the Irish members and he tiie Plome RItulers votetd wih the maJority.--j i The mail steamer from the Caps of od IOt liope has arrived at Plymouth with the oat lImpcrtd EgeIoe on bwar. Soi Tae weather still continues cold anad showery, , Ib tile wind rum the westward. The barom ter. however, has kept np sleadily at 30.10 for some time, and gives llt no indication of any intention to fall. Tile on, streets are muddy, and the general ap n- pearance of the town is dull and comfort less. i\V understand that a petition is in n course of signature to be presented to the borough council asking them to consent to, and give instructions for, the removal of the dam under Henty's bridge. Tuans appeane to be unusual activity amongst the drapery estsblish.nenrs of this town; indeed it woul.l seem as though notwithstmndtng thegeneral dullnes of the times, they were having about the best of It. Mr. T. Hudson advertises a large stock ot general drapery to bhe disposed of g stvery low prices to make room for an entirely new senp ly epected to arrive next aIonth. Mr T. F. Williams is albo pre piring for his Spring cotnsignments, and wilt commence a grand clearing sale on ,e- Saturday next after closing the establish he mant during the preceding d y for the , puirposes of re-msrkiog hia present slo kI Nre limit ii set to tihe duration of Mr. Hudson's sale, but Mr. Williams restricts r his transactions in bargains to three ig weeks. Messrs. Campbell & Sons & Co. 17 also advertise new goods already to hand. comprising all the novelties of the season, or recently selected in person from Melbourne stocks. Ladies, therefore, cannot go far astray in their search after the most be- coming costumes, while gentlemen, appar- ently, have equal facilities afforded them of refurbishiug their wardrobes at a very moderate cost. is To make sure of a good supply of rab ys bite, the promoters of tie coursing move td ment have decided to postpone the meet ins g until Saturday. The ground selected is thie open land adjoining the cricket re serve on the north bluff, a much better Selste than that first proposed, namely, the ii. fats by the Salt Creek swamp, which are a much too sloppy to afford good sport for h dogs, or allow apectators on foot or horse id baok to participate with comfort. Tilhe first rabbit will be slipped at 2 o'clock in tine afternoon. Wn W are requested to state that Wed Id ossday ne,', the 4th August, is the last y day on which summonaes may bes isued for the County Court to be held in Port * land on the 23rd of that month. T. Ta?us was only one debt case before the a Police Court yesterday. Messrs. Camp at bell and sons and Co. sued William le Surrey for £13 18a, good sold and delivered. The defendant was not present, tand an " order was made for the amocunt claimed, 4 with £1 8s Od costs. Messrs. T. Must i* and P. W. Sihevill were the presidlug c. magistrates, and Mr. H. Butler apteared . an solicitor for tihe plattifis. A meeting of creditors in the estate of Malachi Waters, of Portland, insolvent, was held before the Chief Clerk, Mr, Walter Ponsford, at the Court House yes- terday. The following debts were proved : \--D. McEachern, £67 2s.; Campbell and Sons and Co., £17 11s 9d, and George Lamb, £17 17s 1d. It was proposed by Mr. H. J. M. Campbell, seconded by Mr. Geo. Lamb, and carried unanimously, that Mr. D. McEachern be appointed trustee of the estate of the insolvent. The meeting then closed. A verygeneral desire is expressed by a it Lrgs numoer of the electors that Mr. Id eI derick Schofield should become a can le didate for a seas at the Borough Council :. at the coming elections. w It appears from our advertising col a. umus that there is to be a contest for the . seat for the West Riding of the hbtrer whatever there may be for the East anol Iouth, as Mr. D. Matheson, the old * member, who again intimates his deirre as for re-olection, is to be opposed by Mr. h Woods of Blackwood Park. Id Mlssas. TaouAs Baoratlas, botalters a. of Gawler-street, had yesterday hanging in Is their shop one of thie fonet sheep we heas id seen in the town for some time. The id areate weighed 135lbe., and was as hard and solid as a well-fed pig. The mob of sheep from which the one under entire Swas taken is from the Belfast district, and e the Messrs. Thomas say tnat there is much e suer mutton eitill among tle a. S On Monday next Mr. Henry Baker and I Mr. W. F. Baker give an entertainment \- entitled. " An Evetning with Tom Moore,' , at the Maesouic-lall. Moore's Irish Melo dies are well known for their elegance as poetiaosl compositions and thle graseeul n fluency of the mnaic to which they are set; a- nd as Mr. W. F. Baker is said to possess 5 a sweet tenor voice, a pleasant evening a with perhape the most sedoutive two ot theclasio lusest may be anticipated. Tae steamer South Australian will call e in to.norrow morning and take up pan e sengers from this port for Adelaide. A e number of man, chiefly of the laboring class, amongst whom are one or two resi t dents of Portland, have already secured pessages, and it is probable that by the time the steamer arrives the list will be Stonaidetably increased, r Mlasaas. CAluau. di Sots& Oo. request us to call attetntiou to their announcemeont in another column of tee for sale at their establishment. Tas Ballaral Courier has the follow long:-Mr. J. S. Charles, late of title city aend well.krtown end highly esteemed s a teacher for some time connected with the 1 Ballarat College and the Central 'rain. I inl Night School, has opened a e lore I at Portland, and we are pleased to ob serve has met with very good support ino that towo. Mr. Chatlee when leaving t here took the highest credentials from the principals and head masters of the largest s schools in the city, and these, with h e old pupils, will no doubt feel great pleeuse is hearing of his success. BloroLtue.-The Bendfgo Independent a ays :-" A smart piece of bicysle riding a has been performed by three young men, niembers of tile Victoria Bierele Club, Is si:., Charles Irish, George 8plcer. and 1 Amery Spicer. Sltarting from Melbourne o, at seven oclooek on Thursday thIy came P along at a iood pace against a etrong On headwlnd. When near 6 ieborne, a delay o0 of an hour and a Inalf was occasioned by ts the cranok of one of the maehines gettilng out of order. Arriving at Kynetou they I stopped half an hour for luncheonu. after tIJ whlich they again started and resaolnhed it Ceastlemaine shlortly belore five o'clock. p~l Tine dislstnce, seventy-five miles, was o.- at eomplisned in lees than eight hours, or an ce average of nine miles per hIour. At 0r Csstlemsine two of the eompany decided so to wait for the mixed train for Sandhiurst, ,' as darkness was settiog in. Tile oilier, If hIowever, determinedto eontinuethe jour- L Iney by bicycle, bul on reaching Haroourt ae was told ltht it would not be safe to go Inn sores thells Big Hill, whieh is at present being out down. He then waited for tie ua mixed train, joined his companions, and all came on to Sandlhuret, They did not sp- oAl near to be mees fatiged by thelir long ti, journey. un Isi. Joan Woos hoae left for Sydney of knowing he hae nio chalnce of entering the Minitry, but does not intend tosever bis pr couunectionu with this colony, except at ,ometlnlg favorable turns up 'In "New J. Souti, Wales. - W, Tunsa is immense excitement about the Temora rush in New South Wales. A 1-oz. nugget was brough' in a few dare ago. Diggers no coming from Gulgong, Victoria, New Zealand, and other places. Mr. Joen Kibby, who has the post- office, is buildog a very large store in a central posilon. The surveyed township is to be ready in a tow days. Rain has supplied the lams, so that washing will be proceeded weth. Tax Argue of yesterday repsrts: Tlhsre is 'sus little change in the crndntion of the persons concerned In the tragedy at the Opera House on Saturday night, With the exception of Nir. J, J, M. Greer, who is gradually siitking. Yesterday he was visited by his brotbhr, and alss made his will. The disposition of his child ap peared to conern him very much, and his brother and the lion. R. S. Anderson, M. L. C., were appointed guardians. At a late hour last night he was still alive, but in a very low slate. lrse. Greer is pro gressing favourably, and while she never inquires about her husband or her child. she frequently asks after M. Soudry. The luatter person is recovering rapidly. Wa learn that the trustees of the M.esoios-hall have euocesefully netantitead with she celebrated Mr. Popper to give his marvellouls ghostly entertainmenton Moun day evenilg, the 9111 August, Mr. Popper and his ghosts are familiar words to most of us, but it is doubtful if one in every twenty of our residents have had an op portunity of witnessing his exhibition of scientific and mechanical wonders that for m ny months in suocession created quite a furore among the play-going people of Melbourne. Da~TRUOrtVs FIRE is SYDNxr:-Shortly after miduight on iaturday a fire broke out on tihe promises of Messrs. Gordon aud lUotch, printers' brokers, oc., Georgo-stroet. The premises were completed gotted, and the whole stook destroyed. The flames rose to an immuense height, and the mass of flames fully equalled those at the Victoria Theatre contiagration. Boake's photographic ware. house, immediately above Gordon and Gotch's, was ao entirely consumed. The stock in Reid's carpet warehouse was very muoh damaged by tire and water, as also the stock in liodsou and Albury's furnishing warehouse. The fire originated ast the back of the store, Succssseor. Fsltswo.-The Sydney Even n NVews reports that on Sunday last a party of gestlomen made a capture of 480 large sohnapper. The steamer Lillie Denham was chartered, and left Woolloomooloo Bay with a party on board, at eight a.m. The lises were set off Coocoe Bay, nod the fish were hauled in very quickly, some excitement and considerable sport being the result. The weather was somewhat boisterous, and the sea rough, This caused one or two of the party to sucoumb to malid mer, but the ma-jrlty were well seasoned sportsmen, and snapped their fingers at the wind, the rain, and the stormy sea. At about mildday a heavy southerly swell set In, and the hines, which bhd begun to trail, sere drawn. Hlad it not beens for this delay a much greater haul of fish might have been medo. The party returned to Woolloomouloo Bay at flre p.m., after a day's succesllul sport pud a p'easant excuresion. BSTAnUnn In COLt LxNWOOD. - A very serlf ... ease of stabbing occurred In Col. llnl.o, d on Monday afternoon, when Mir. Willil.un S. Best, a danelng.uaeler resid. 1ng i1I lioddle-streot, had a narrow eseape of being killed by a mean whosoe name Is t prea sent unkluwnt. Mr Bent Is the keeper of a dalncing-saluoo In the above street, sotl occa. slonally grants the use of tile place for prayer meetings on Sunlday. On Monday afternooun,at the hour tated, Mr. Best was sitting iu the place reladig, when a man came to the door, anld rulhied Into thie room In an excited manner, asking bhim what lts wanted with his wife there. Before Mr. Best had time to reply, the man rushed at hm with ano open pocket-kulfe, and stabbed hus twice behind the left ealr. A struggle ensued, but the fellow succeeded In getting out of the room and reaching a cab which wai waiting for him close by, and in which he drove away. Fortunately, Mr. Best's wounds are not of a serious nature as far as Is kaLwn at preset. Tise as.atlant is ,ds. seeried as a re-pectabl-lookiung man, aosnt 40 yeara of age, rlather tail. atnd was dressed a tlack clothes. The oflfeder lwas seen to drive away in the directoun of BEaerald.lhil. 