.A Ghost Story of To-day. The "Rev. Augustus Jessop, D.D., (says the JPall Mall Gazette), lias pnblishediu the A the n .-ceum a remarkable account of an -appanetaon of -which fee was the witness in Lord Orford's 'library.-at Maruaington Hall, Norfolk, in October 4&st.; After dinner, the .party .having broken up =$t half-past 10, Dr. Jessop retired to the library take notes -of same of the rare books which it ■.contains. What befel him there he thus narrates: —:"JBy XI o'clock [1 was ilie only person down ..-stails, .-and I was very soon busily at work aud .absorbed in my occupation. The room in which i3 was ■■writing was a large one, with a huge tire *place and a grand-old chimney ; and it is need less to say that it is furnished with every com fort and luxury. The library opens into this aroom, and I had to pass out of the room where I ■was sitting into this library and get upon a chair tto (Teach the volumes I wanted to examine. There <were six small -volumes in all. 1 took ithem down, and placed them at my right hand an a little ipile, -and set to work—sometimes treading, sometimes writing. As I finished with A book 1 ^placed it in front of me. There were j (four -silver candlesticks upon the table, the handles all burning, and, as 1 am a chilly person . I sat myself at one corner of the table with the sfire at my left, and at intervals, as 1 had finished with * book, I rose, knocked the fire together, :an& stood rtjp to warm my feet. 1 continued in jfchis way .-at jny task till nearly 1 o'clock. I got •on "better tlian I-expected, and I had only one anore book to occupy ine. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a -bottle of seltzer water, and 5 remember thinking to myself that I should get <to bed. by'.2 after alL £ set to work at the last Hittle "book. I had been engaged upon it about 9ialf-an-hour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand ■within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with %is back to the fire, bending slightly over the rtable, and apparently examining the pile of ."books that I ".had been .at work upon. The man s face was turned away from me, but I saw his •close cut reddish-brown hair, his ear and shaved •cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, aud the large high •cheekbone. He was dressed iu what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick ^corded silk or some such material, close up to -the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. "The right hand, which liad first attracted my at tention, was .clasping, without any great pres sure, the left hand ; both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veius of the right band were conspicuous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's anagniticsnt ' Dead Knight' in the National •Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sure that he was not a reailty. A thousand thoughts came crowding (upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm or -even uneasiness ; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to xnake a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil; then I thought, x Upstairs I have a sketch-book. Shall I fgtch it T There lie «at, and I was fascinated ; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should go. Stop ping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this—my arm passed in front of the £gure, and it vanished. I was simply disap pointed, and nothing more. I went on with my writing, as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, aud I had actually got to the last few words of what I had determined 'when the figure appeared again, exactly in the «ame place aud attitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own ; I turned my head again to examine him more closely, and I was framing ■a sentence to address to Mm, when I discovered that I did not dare speak. I was afraid of the ^uuu>l ufiuj oil 11 luluu. qjlinunu u.nd Uiukj sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and I finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it on the table; it made a slight noise as it fell -the figure vanished. Tlu-owing myself back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, aud I remem 3>er wondering whether my friend would come again, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from ma Then first there stole upon me a dread and suspicion that I was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning; then I rose, lit my bedroom caudle, took my books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, aud replaced five of the the volumes ; the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honor to appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blpw out the four candles and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty—I know not ■which—but I slept very soundly. This is a simple narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, •or inference I leave to others." The Explanation. Subsequently (on January 17) the A thenceum published the following:—Dr. Wilks, F.R.S., of Guy's Hospital, writes to us " Putting aside the supposition of a trick, the story resolves itself into the question whether the appearance of the man beside him was objective or subjec tive. Under ordinary circumstances when we see an object the latter is material, and forms an image on the retina; this mentally known through a perceptive part of the brain ; the mere retinal image is not enough to constitute vision, as pictures are constantly painted upon the retina which are never discerned. Now it is possible for this perceptive part of the brain to be thrown into an active condition quite inde pendent of the normal stimulus conducted to it from the retina, and under these circumstances the person apparently sees an object which by the law of our nature, is projected by him a cer tain distance before the eye. This is common enough in fevers and in delirium tremens, where patients see people and animals around tkcm whose reality is such that the memory of these becomes a part of the experience of their future lives. In mental derangements these hallucina tions are also common, and patients see objects and hear voices which have no external existence. So it is in our dreams, from which we. may be suddenly aroused by a great noise where all is ■Still around, the auditory perceptive centre of the brain having been abnormally excited. In iiormal conditions the sight of an object implies the painting of it on the retina, as the hearing of a noise implies the vibration of the drum of the ear. If sight and hearing occur without these normal excitants of the nerves, the brain roust have been stimulated from within, and the impressions are abnormal and subjective. At the present time we have no knowledge that anything in the likeness of a ghost or anything that has not a material basis can excite an image on the retina ; whereas we do know that under abnormal conditions the brain may be stimulated so as to produce a visual impression independent of any such image on the retina. The probabili ties are then immensely in favour of the appear ance which the doctor saw being subjective rather than objective. We have only to suppose that those very common abnormal conditions of brain which are observed in bad health may occur under exceptional circumstances in an otherwise healthy organ to account for the occa sional appearance of ghosts. The probabilities are also iu favor of this view from other con siderations. First, there seems no reason why ! ihe spirits of auother world- should prefer mid- j night for tlieir visits, but the reasons are obvi ous why we should conjure them up at that time. Then, again, the want of inviduality shown by this particular ghost ; an ordinary mortal would find it very difficolt to put himself 1 in exactly the same place and attitude as before' on his appearance a second time, as this appai'i tion did ; and then so dependenl was it upon the observer, that when the latter put his srai up it was gone, and the same occurred on the second occasion on another movement. How these movements of the doctor could have affected a real object does not seem clear, nor why i(.could not be gaze<1 at from different points of view. It may be noticed, too. that its lie: nuss corres ponded with the focussing of the doctor's eyes to objects close around him." 