J'c g1 - — ;l '" STRAY SHOTS. . I must bavn liberty " Withal. i . c i u cli t- tor as the wiad, is bio- i> wi, hi I please : forfo foo's have, Andtlic. must railed wish niv fo.ly : They m i t mi:-'- 1 . u.;ii. And why. sir. must they so Ihewli, i: ;-U:n s way t nari-h chinch : He that a ; -'..'li vo.v wis.uy i.it TlnHi v. T-v f -lilv. ai'hou-'li he si;.art. I i y eemsci.M . - <> ih-ili-b: if not | f bstri-e u: - i .Il>- S til .tomized. f venbylh-- i| li'iii j rime;- Of liiofool. > llVCstiu.i: ii y : rive me leave ; ! To speak :.i; m -«..<» 1 will through :i"il through ' Cleanse ihe ;i u !>< v » t e infected world. ; fiii-y will i' eu:lv > -.: i.-e niv medieizi-. — SlIAKESl'EU'.E. Bear Mr Editor. — Members of Parlin- gjfut aii- <-<iiuim.uciiig early to make the geseiu sl'-.sii hi t lively one ; as already ij: grsoriai ivoriminai ions have been indulged . f jt by oeri aii i of them— David Gaimson Qging v.-'l t'i the fore whenever hard aagusqc s ! eing dispersed for the dis- 8mfit )!. in opponent. This gentleman S rep !". :! "Hansard" to have said ftat pub!; : i-onfidence had been rudely Jatti 1 I-;.' a prominent member of the Sfe < i it; saying that he had his ®Knds i- riiroat of capital. MrLong- BSere, i .-Minister of Lands, indignantly Bnicd liaviiu ver given utterance to such atwckea no etient., and that long ago he gad deiii.i 1 it. David, the irrepressible, 1 jatorinu. " The honorable member's denial fitmos i >i.i late in the dav. That the state- jjnt i quote was made by the honorable Member is part of the history of the colony. What a shocking thing it is, then, that the geeplc have gone on believing that the Saiera'ole member did use such words. 3am .-.fi n id his denial now cannot well be accepted." Bravo, Dave; keep such as 3&ancis; Longmore up to the revolutionary ; V statements uttered by them with impunity sfcring the Berry ret/ tin c ! I was not in ®e least surprised, Sir, upon reading your Journal, of Thursday's issue, to notice that Members of Parliament tire confident again being enabled to draw their . jrice little sum of £300 a-year out a? the public purse. But what about fte pledges given by various repre sentatives to their constituents on the Bnstings that they intended t:> vote against 1 file measure I Have they stood true to f ®ose pledges ' Emphatically, no. I was ' . gj&ascd; to see, on looking over the division- Hat, that Mesirs G. 33. Korferd and Peter "Wallace showed thems Ives not to belong fo the needy, seedy, greedy class of poli- ficians that has of late years been hamper- Sag the progress of the colony — by voting amongst the "noes." The Honorable Thomas Bent, Minister f Public Works, is a gentleman whoSwill not stick at trities. Tliis was evidenced By the manner in which he the other day | tackled a lazy, hulking scoundrel who ap- gealed to him for assistance, by being put «n some of the works now being under taken by Government (doubtless hoping that work would not bo provided), and who grossly insulted liim. A threat to the effect that the offender would be " given in charge" made that worthy take to his heels. But the Minister was not yet satisfied with the man's conduct, and oii' lie started in pursuit, succeeding in capturing the " unemployed," whom lie compelled to apologise, and then " dis charged liim with a caution" — as they say of the "drunks" when brought before the bench. We in these districts were nor. many days since impressed with the idea, that Mt Bent was possessed of no small amount of original humor. This was in stanced in the Assembly on Tuesday, when Mr Longmore sneeringly referred to the incident mentioned above. Mi- Bent proved himself eijual to the oc casion" by remarking that as it was his determination to : : run in" all shady characters, the honorable member, the ex- Minister of Lands, had better take care. Picture, if you can, dear reader, the sickly s'mile that would o'erspread on the honor able Francis's face ! The Tadmor Municipal I ! aces are an nounced to come off i at the local course on Wednesday next. 1 notice there are two events ro he competed for, viz., the "Struggling Cup" and the "Gallon- Han dicap. ' For the former event three horses are nominated, and two for the latter. The first horse entered for the Handicap is a cliesnnc called Ovens, by that well-known sire Fr\ ingpan, out of Refrigerator. by Tea kettle. Ovens is taking plenty of exercise, and his trainer, Law, feels con fident tiiat he will pass the judge's box first. Tnis is his maiden race, but he has numerous backers, and stands well in the betting market ; although his opponent, an old grey named Bookie, will run him close at the finish. Bookie is an aged horse by Stationer, out of Penwiper, by Bene- volence, out of Humanity. This old nag has run for several events, and last year won the Asylum Stakes : he was also placed for the Hospital Cup. His pace is not good, and he has not the telling stride that Ovens has. However, he is not to be despised, and is very docile ; but there is rather too much jerk in him for my fancy. His backers at first put a pot on him, bin „ the last few days they have been edging off. The "talent" say the race will bo keenly contested, and Bookie would be more of a favorite ii he was in better condition. For the Cup, Fritz is freely backed. Heisabig horse, withblaek points, and is by Bismarck, out of Crown Princess by Emperor. Fritz is considered a game 'un, and is going in for plenty of exercise — daily taking "spins" on the convincing ground; and those in the secret say he will be hard to beat, as he has plenty of wind, and his staying qualities are good. .Joseph us, who is a sure starter, is aiso a black horse. He ran for the Chiltem Cup some time ago, and won easily. His pedigree is good ; his sire being that well-known horse Belltopper, and his dam Whiskey. Having won a big event before, lie is looked upon as dangerous ; and s line go so far as to say he will win in a canter, as he is undoubtedly what may be termed a smart horse. The last one nominated is Drygoods. a bright chesnur, with light points. He is by Longcloth, out of Flannel, by Fustian, ami is considered to have plenty of go in him. He will prove no mean opponent. He makes his appear ance on Uie Tadmore course for the first time, and has numerous backers. He has not taken much exercise : but his trainer says he is in good condition. The races, however, will, T think, be hotly con- tested ones. I notice that a certain gentleman who for some time was known as the " genial gaoler," has left the habitation he has been residing in for the last ten years, and li.os retired to private life, after devoting twenty-six years to the service of Ills adopted country. Dining the time the genial gaoler" was occupied in his official position, lie \va3 the cause of several improvements being made in the town, notably the pretty garden that now adorns the front of the gaol, and superin tended the work that was done by prison labor on the Albert-road and other places. It is not an unusual practice when any one retires from a public position, after 'over a quarter -of a century's service, for the residents to meet and offer their con- gratulati'-'is »i some way or another ; but I do not see or hear of anyone doing so in this instance. I am sure our genial friend tTGiild aimrcciiite any attention in agfctgZf ; & ! itwould show him and his «A»Ie thst he had been respected in the odtion he had held. The Town Hall Jarden was also trenched by prison labor, ind is now one < >f the chief ornaments of the iown A i testimonials are the order of the day, perhaps some individuals will \+ 1-p t — -a-'ter anu substantially 4\. n„-v Mr Thompson has left the Hrvice, his p 'si- vfibrts wiU not remain over the Tuesdays issue of your valuable journal, I noticed therein a letter signed "Ratepayer, which con tained a pointed remark about £ s a. I am not of an inquisitive turn of mind but am anxiously waiting for the next meeting of the " city fathers," the custodians of the municipal purse. By the first Friday in June new blood will be infused into the council, and it will be a rare opportunity for new members to distinguish themseli es in the eyes of the ratepayers. J hey will have one advantage that does not always fall to the lot of newly-fledged councillors —the knowledge and experience of the secretary in all matters relating to local government (and sage counsel should never be refused). The other members of the council are, besides, " tried men,, and " well up" in everything connected with the working of corporate bodies ; and after the two new representatives of the borough have become thoroughly initiated, they will be entitled to be placed on the — list to proceed to Melbourne, to deputa- tionize. To men of business, the latter is a great boon, as "they are en abled to do a little trade on their own account ; at the same time looking after the interests of the ratepayers. And where is the harm in so doing Their consti- tuents will know nothing about it. jjui T. J. hopes for "better things" on the part of the new councillors. I remember some few years agc> the name of Captain Slandish used to figure conspicuously as one of the stewards of the Melbourne races. .This somewhat annoyed that smiling gentleman, Mr Loinnnore, who on one occasion called him a poker-playing commissioner," and some pressure was brought to bear, which necessitated the gallant Captain from with drawing his name as a steward, but to the present dav be remains a member of the V.11.C. Now, Mr Editor, Captain Stan- dish is not an officious mail ; but I believe some persons under him do like to show the w rid at. large that they are armed with a little " brief authority." I wonder how many of these that are arrayed in blue apparel could be found pure and spotless. The reason for these remarks is that I have been informed that an attempt was made by an ex -resident of a town in these dis tricts to raflle two or three articles of fancy-work ; but red-tape, or blue clotli, stepped in and prohibited the raffle unless the. sanction of the Attorney-General to it was obtained. I believe in upholding the law : but it often happens that those who are supposed to carry it out often are the first to transgress. It is the old narrative over again about the beam in the eye. Some people cannot see that lodged in I their own, but can soon point one the mote in their neighbor's ; or. as Bobby Burns said — O, wild loins ;v \v-r Pic ipftie gie us, To see ourselves as ithvissee us, I». \vnt! fra mony a blunder free us. A good yarn was related to me the other day, which I am assured was a fact. In a certain town in Victoria, a number of persons (between 40 and 50) belonging to some club or society were in the habit of meeting once a fortnight. The rules were i rather stringent ; and if any of the mem bers committed themselves, they were either lined or expelled. Now, it hap pened that one member had transgressed the rules and he was cited tc appear before the committee. He, however failed to do so, owing to indisposition ; and he being moreover, very popular, it was sug gested to postpone the matter. Some thought he might be better, and able to attend, in a fortnight, and others thought a month should be allowed. One of his friends got up and moved that the hearing of the case be adjourned -we.' die ; where upon up rose an unsophisticated member and exclaimed, "Oh, well if he dies, theres an end to it." There were only three men in that rpom who had a hearty- laugh ; as the remainder could not sec what there .wis in laugh at. The old adage of " Where ignorance is bliss," Ac., was verified in tin's case. Federalville possesses a disciple of Escu- lupius who does not confine his studies to medicine and surgery, but also devotes his time to thinking and writing of spiritual ism and the spirit world. In a local publication, the doctor at length contends that it is quite possible the late Arch deacon Innes, of Hamilton, saw and heard the spirit of his deceased lay-reader, as reported ; and, speaking of ghosts, he goes on to say- : " Is not the Bible fail of ghosts, from Genesis to Revelation ? How are we to get rid of the spirits in the Bihle after having succeeded in bauishing the spirits out of the brains of all poetical seers of all ages, from Homer down to Tennyson and Longfellow ? I say, the attempt wilt prove rutue, as much m our enlightened, or would-be enlightened, nineteen ill century-, as it was in the days of Abraham, Samuel, Jesus, Paul, Swe- donborg, Wesley, and all the spiritually- niinded men of all times. In conclusion, 1 may- ask, if Mr Tunes himself is anything now, what, else can lie be than a spirit who has learned the great secret I"' I wish I had the acquaint. i-.iee of Mr Medico. TOM JONES. 