A ROUNDABOUT PAPER ON EDUCA- TION. In this age of passionate enthusiasm for education, it is not altogether uninteresting to have a look into some of the well-worn school books of the larger schools of human life. To Englishmen, no kind of education can be of more unspeakable importance than that which is given to the junior officers of the British navy. And we have before us at this moment one of their school books, written by sailors, for young sea scholars, and published at Portsmouth by Griffin and Co., of "The Hard." In some respects the book has a wider range than the strictly professional one; and outside its technological teaching, contains some very pleasant read- ing. The reader will find the most minute descriptions of running bow-lines and bow-lines on a bight, of rackings on the lanyard, of parbucklings, of toggles, gab rope, and the triatic stay-tables for ascertaining the strength of cables, hempen and chain, blank forms of the princi- pal problems in nautical astronomy, and a variety of technical miscellaneous information in a compendious form. But in the midst of all this extremely practical and no doubt invaluable matter the painstaking, laborious, and yet chivalrous author has inserted a long account of a naval fight. He has just been directing the attention of his young readers and students to the necessity in chasing to leeward or in chasing a steamer of watching her course, and if she alters it, of instantly adopting a fresh one, when it occurs to him apparently that the time has come tor a kind or reli- gious lesson--for a few moments of contemplation and love--for the quickening of the nobler impulses; in fine, for the inspiration and culture of enthusiasm and reverence, and generous admonition. And so he goes on to tell, in Raleigh's tragical language, the ever glerious story of how Sir Richard Grenville fought the Spaniard under the isles of Florez, in August, 1591. There is a true appreciation of thorough teaching in the change. The young gentlemen have, doubtless, sufficiently fatigued themselves with the complexities ot hitching and herring-boning--with Grecian splicing and calculating the power of tackles; and the time has come for enjoyment and for exaltation--for turning from the hard business of life, and finding "a solitude a refuge, a delight," in the contemplation of the most heroic exploits--in voyaging in imagination with the lion-hearted Grenville:-- "HOW GRENVILLE FOUGHT THE SPANIARD.--In August 1591, Lord Thomas Howard, with six English line- of-battle ships, six victuallers, and two or three pinnaces, were lying at anchor under the islands of Florez. Light in ballast and short of water, with half their men disabled by sickness, they were surrounded by a Spanish fleet of 53 ships. Eleven out of the twelve English ships obeyed the signal of the admiral, to cut or weigh their anchors, and escape thev might. The twelfth, the Revenge, com- manded by Sir Richard Granville of Bideford, was unable for the moment to follow, of her crew of 190, ninety being sick on shore, and, from the position of the ship, there being some delay and difficulty in getting them on board. But Sir Richard was in no haste to fly. He first saw all his sick on board and stowed away on the ballast, and then, with no more than 100 men left them to fight and work the ship, he deliberately weighed, uncertain, as it seemed at first, what he intended to do. The Spanish fleet were by this time on his weather bow, and he was persuaded (we here take his cousin Raliegh's beautiful narrative and follow it in his words), to cut his mainsail and cast about, and trust to the sailing of the ship. "But Sir Richard utterly refused to turn from the enemy, alleging that he would rather choose to die than to dishonour himself, his country and her Majesty's ship, per- suading his companv that he would pass through their two squadrons in despite of them, and enforce those of Seville to give him way; which he performed upon divers of the foremost, who, as the mariners term it, sprang their luff and tell under the lee of the Revenge. "The wind was light; the San Philip, 'a huge high- carged ship of 1500 tons, came up to the windwaid of him, and taking the wind out of his sails, ran aboard him. The Spanish ships were filled with soldiers, in some 200, be- sides the marines; in some 500 in others 800. After many interchanged volleys of great ordnance and small shot, the Spaniards deliberated to enter the Revenge, and made divers attempts hoping to force her by the mul- titude of their armed soldiers and musketeers, but were still repulsed again and again, and at all times beaten back into their own ship or into the sea.' "All that August night the fight continued, the stars rolling over in their sad majesty, but unseen through the sulphur clouds which hung over the scene. Ship after ship of the Spaniards came on upon the Revenge, 'so that never less than two mighty galleons were at her side and aboard her. Before morning fifteen several armadoes had assailed her, and all in vain; some had been sunk at her side, and the rest, so ill approving of their entertainment, that at break of day they were far more willing to hearken to a composition, than hastily to make any more assaults or en- tries. "All the powder in the Revenge, was now spent, all her pikes were broken, forty out of her 100 men killed, and a great number of the rest wounded. Sir Richard, though badly hurt early in the battle, never forsook the deck till an hour before midnight; and was then shot through the body while his wounds were being dressed; and again in the head, and his surgeon was killed while attend- ing on him. The masts were lying over the side, the rig- ging cut or broken, the upper works all shot in pieces, and the ship herself, unable to move, was settling slowly in the sea; the vast fleet of Spaniards hung round her in a ring, like dogs round a dying lion, and wary of approaching him in his last agony. Sir Richard seeing that it was past hope, having fought tor fifteen hours, and having, by estimation, eight hundred shots of great artillery through him, com- manded the master-gunner, whom he knew to be a most resolute man, to split and sink the ship, that thereby nothing might remain of glory or victory to the Spaniards; seeing in so many hours they were not able to take her, hav- ing had above fifteen hours time, above ten thousand men, and fifty- three men-of-war to perform it withal, and per- suaded the company, or as many as he could induce, to yield themselves unto God and to the mercy of no one else; but as they had, like valient resolute men, repulsed so many enemies, they should not now shorten the honour of their nation by prolonging their own Iives for a few hours or a few days.' "The gunner and a few others consented. But such daimoine arete was more than could be expected of ordi- nary seamen. Thev had dared do all which did become men, and they were not more than men, at least than men were then. Two Spanish ships had gone down, above fifteen hundred men were killed, and the Spanish admiral could not induce any one of the rest of his fleet to board the Revenge, again, 'doubting lest Richard would have blown up himself and them, knowing his dangerous dispo- sition!' Sir Richard lying disabled below, the captain, finding the Spaniards as ready to entertain a composition as thev could be to offer it, gained over the majority of the sur- viving crew, and the remainder then drawing back from the master-gunner, they all, without further consulting their dying commander, surrendered on honourable terms, 'the ship being marvellous unsavourie.' Alonzo de Bacon, the Spanish admiral, sent his boat to bring Sir Richard on board his own vessel. Sir Richard, whose life was fast ebbing away, replied that 'he might do with his body what he list for that he esteemed it not;' and as he was carried out of the ship, he swooned, and reviving again, desired the company to pray for him. In a few hours, Sir Richard, finding his end approaching, showed not any sign of faint- ness, but spoke these words in Spanish, and said, 'Here die I, Richard Granville, with a jovial and quiet mind, for that I have ended my life as a true soldier ought to do that hath fought for his country, queen, religion, and honour. Whereby my soul most joyfully departeth out of this body, and shall always leave behind it an everlasting fame of a valient and true soldier, that has done his duty as he was bound to do.' When he had finished these, or other such like words, he gave up the ghost with great and stout courage, and no man could perceive any sign of heaviness in him. "Such was the fight at Florez, in that August of 1591, without its equal in such of the annals of mankind as the the thing which we call history has preserved to us. At the time, all England and all the world rang with it. It struck a deeper terror, though it was but the action of a single ship, into the hearts ot the Spanish people; it dealt a more deadly blow upon their fame and naval strength than the destruction of the Armada itself; and in the direct results which arose from it, it was scarcely less disastrous to them. Hardly, as it seems to us, if the most glorious actions which are set like jewels in the history of mankind are weighed one against the other in the balance,--hardly will those three hundred Spartans, who, in the summer morning, sate 'combing their long hair--for death,' in the passes of Thermopylæ, have earned a more lofty estimate for them- selves than this one crew of modern Englishmen. "After the action there ensued 'a tempest so tenable, as was never seen or heard the like before.' A fleet of mer- chantmen joined the armada immediately after the battle, forming, in all, 140 sail; and of these 140, only 32 ever saw Spanish harbour. The rest all foundered, or were lost on the Azores. The men-of-war had been so shattered by shot as to be unable to carry sail; and the Revenge herself, disdaining to survive her commander, or, as if to complete his own last baffled purpose, like Samson, buried herself and her 200 prize crew under the rocks of St. Michael's." * After reading this, each man's feelings will be the best comment: but, if his patriotism be not stimulated, his motives purified, and his spirit fired by such an example, he is not to be envied; for it stands alone, even among these marvellous exploits-- "That fill The spacious times ot great Elizabeth With sounds that echo still." A modern critic has in a delightful paper endeavoured to throw some light upon what Shakespeare learnt at school. The critic has not only considered the history of the endowed Grammar Schools of England, and not- ably that of Stratford-upon-Avon, the list of books and authors commonly used in the Grammar Schools, the lives of the schoolmasters who might have taught the * England's forgotten worthies,--Westminster Review. boy--but he has included as elements of education, the associations connected with the chapel and school- house of the Ancient Guild of the Holy Cross, the antique doorway through which the boy passed out of the sunlight into the school's shade, the paintings on the Chapel walls, and all the countless influences of life and contemporary thought, and story, and natural beauty, upon the awful intelligence of the child. All these things, he says, "must have melted as years went by, almost uncon- sciously perhaps, into the capacious and retentive mind of the marvellous boy, and helped with the life of nature in the fields and woods, and the civic stir and social movements of the town, to prepare and qualify him for his future work." In like manner the naval education of our chivalrous sea youth, of the "curled darlings" of the ocean, is, according to our author, to consist not only of a perfect knowledge of all that belongs to seamanship, but of the cultivation of that history in which imperishable actions lie recorded "for the stirring up of heroick spirits to benefit their countrie and eternise their names by like noble attempts." After the fight on the 8th November last, off Antofa- gasta, ought not a new edition of this manual of heroism to be published, containing an authentic account of a struggle as daring, as magnificent, and as desperate as any in naval annals. Think of the for- lorn chivalry of those officers of Peru (worthy in the palmiest days of the successors of Manco Capac to have carried the banner of the Rainbow--the armorial bearing of the Incas--in the most glorious campaigns). Think of them, one after another, springing over their dead superior officers, to the place of com- mand and of instant death, and at last, when all was lost--the guns useless-- the rudder broken \--the crew decimated--the officers nearly all killed or mortally wounded, the one left in command running up the flag and saluting it, and trying to sink his ship, even as the enemy poured in upon her. Is there any finer story written of naval valour than this of the men who fought and died on the deck of a ship bearing the name of one of the gentlest, noblest, and most unfortunate of Peruvian princes;* with whose sad history the American historian of the Spanish Con- quest has made us all familiar? Liberating ourselves from the thraldom of admiration inspired by this glorious action, it is not out of place to think for a while upon the very slight part that ironclads have as yet played in the bloody business of war. The first occasion on which an ironclad vessel was employed in war was on the 8th of March, 1862, when the Virginia (or Merrimac, as she had been called), which had been plated with layers of railway iron after her seizure by the Confederates, steamed out of port to attack the Federal squadron at Hampton Roads, James' River. The engagement was a short but decisive one. In less than half-an-hour she had sunk the Cumberland, which went down with all on board, burnt the Congress, drove the Minessota ashore, defeated the St. Laurence and Roanoke, blown up two small steamers, and captured two transports. Next day she met in battle the Federal ironclad Monitor, but the fight was a short one and without decisive results of any kind. It is now some thirteen years and a half ago, in July, 1866, that the world looked on for the first time at a great sea fight, in which a number of ironclads of two nations were engaged. In the naval battle in the Adriatic, off the coast of Dalmatia, there were in all eighteen ironclads, seven of the Austrian and eleven of the Italian fleet, besides a number of frigates, two line of battle ships, gun boats, and paddle steamers. Neither of the commanders of the hostile fleets in that desperate engagement was on board an ironclad. Admiral Per- sano, it will be remembered, left the ill-fated Re d'Italia just before the battle began, and hoisted his flag on board the Affondatore, and Admiral Tegethoff fought and conquered in the wooden line of battle ship, the Kaiser. This vessel was at one period of the fight engaged with four ironclads simultaneously. She ran into the Re d'ltalia, the then noblest ship of the Italian navy, sinking her, and drowning 600 men, and at the same time poured concentrated broadsides on the others. The Palestro, which was coming up to support the Re d'ltalia, caught fire, and blew up, with the loss of nearly all her crew; and the three hours' battle (it lasted from a little before 11 in the forenoon to 2 o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th July, 1866) was ended by what remained of the Sardinian fleet with- drawing to Ancona. Of the gallantry of this engage- ment on both sides there was no room for doubt. The drowning Italians were heard to the last shout- ing, "Viva il Re," "Viva l'italia," and it is said as their vessels sank ran into the shrouds, so that their dying voices might be prolonged for even a few seconds, to shout their loyalty and patriotism. But the conflict was disappointing to those who had up to that time confidently proclaimed the utter worthless- ness of wooden ships under the new conditions of naval warfare. The Kaiser had borne the brunt of the battles--she had been engaged with four ironclads \--she had lost her foremast, jibboom, and funnel, she was riddled with shot, a large proportion of the Aus- trians killed and wounded was of her crew, she had run aboard three Sardinian ironclads, heavily damaging two of them, capturing the flag of one, and running down and sinking the third in two minutes. And yet this wooden line of battle ship was safe at her anchorage in the Port of Lissa repairing damages an hour or two afterwards. It was a time of triumph for those who had regarded the unwieldy and misshapen monsters of the deep-- constructed in stern disdain of all those lovely lines of beauty upon which the eyes of sailors had so long feasted--as the har- bingers and instruments of a decline in our maritime supremacy. The men who had looked upon the old British ship of war as the most majestic embodiment of the fighting force of the nation, who had regarded the old ships with their freights of glory as the sea carriers of the renown of England, through all seas and times--who saw imaged as it were in their stateli- ness and comeliness the very characters or the great sea captains from those of the Elizabethan age, and of the Commonwealth down to Dundonald--(not unworthy to be ranked with the very noblest of them all)--these men saw not without a sentiment of exultation, that the wooden ships had still their work to do. It was grati- fying to them that the designers of stupendous formless masses, whose aim it seemed to be to sweep all images of beauty from the sea, and who, in opposition to the laws of nature, were lavish of their highest ugliness, were arrested in their course by this signal humilia- tion. Tens of thousands of Englishmen, who had little or no knowledge or care about the fighting at Villa- franca and Custozza, looked upon this sea fight at Lissa with the most absorbing interest, and heartily cheered not the Emperor of Austria, but his wooden man-of-war--the Kaiser. These were the men who would admire and enjoy grand old Dryden's noble descriptive lines of a ship of war--(by the way in these days of competitive examinations should not all young naval officers for the honour of the service and the glory of letters be compelled to stand an examination in the "Annus Mirabilis?")-- "Like a rich bride does to the ocean swim, And in her shadow rides in floating gold." W. B. D. January 26,1880. * See Prescott's "Conquest of Peru," vol. 1, p. 298. 