THE BATTLE OF BOTANY. (Concluded from June 15.) From the Sydney Mail, of May 29 we con tinue our extract of the following cleverly written sketch of what our Sydney neighbours are to experience in. 1881:— Arrived at the junction of the roads, •which as you know lies very high, we could see sway down into Botany Bay, and the moor country lying between us and it. A cloud of emoke hung over the lower part of the valley, and we could see our fellows re tiring and firing as they fell hackjj while a wreath of smoke in a long line, curling about like a snake, showed the line of the Russian advance. The ngolar field battery had already taken up a position, and was actively pitching case shot into the advancing enemy, and when the Volunteer Artilleiy had un Jimbered and opened fire bo hot a cannonade was kept up that our defeated infantry was able to retire at the double, and reform behind the line which we had by tftTn *im« formed. On came the foe in extended order, In a succession of runs and stops, each time get ting nearer and nearer us, keeping up (the ■while) a hot fire at long range. The enemy's field artillery had now got into play, and the ships in the bay were doing their lest to shell ns in support of their troops. Our men •were beginning to fail fast, and the enemy's line was getting nearer and nearer, though from the nature of the ground rapid march ■was impossible. The Russian Infantry had now come so close that we could make out individuals, and the rifle fire was becoming hotter and hotter. The artillery bom the ships now ceased firing, and it was evident our position was to be carried by assault. We could see masses of the enemy marching up the lower part of the valley, deploying into line and opening fire as they came within range. The advance continued as before in jerks, till we could make out the feces of the men in the front lines. All this time we were keeping up a terrible fire; the Eussians were losing immense numbers of men, but as to what was happening to ourselves I really can not say, as the fury of 1 attle had taken po - session of me. I only remember seeing the Auk line of the foe getting nearer and nearer till at last a final rush was mmif> \ye eaw the bayonets glitter, our rifles were so hot we could hardly hold them; the enemy's line kept wavering and withering before us, but still advancing; and then I remember a sea of fierce faces, flashing eyes, gleaming bayo nets. I heard horse yells, replied to by British cheers. I remember seeing our fellows trying to beat down the bayonets with the butt-ends of their muskets (for we had no bayonets on our rifles). I remember shooting an officer within three paces of me with my revolver, for I had abandoned my rifle j and then I knew no more. ' When I returned to consciousness it whs nearly dark, and I was brought to life by the cool dripping of water on my face. It was zaining, and a cool southerly wind blowing. I could not at first make out where I was, and putting my hand up to my head which ached terribly, I withdrew it all covered with blood I tried to sit up, but found I could not owing to a weight over my knees—gradually mv senses returned as the cool southerly and re foeshingrain re-invigorated me, and I remem bered what had happened. Bai«i»g myself on my elbow I saw it was the dead body of a « sum prevented my rising; with a great effort I rolled the body away, and after a rest got up on my feet; a sharp pain in my left foot made me drop down again, and then I observed my shoe and the foot of my trousers were saturated with blood. I had a bayonet -wound m the foot. Tying my handkerchief very tightly just above the wound, and after taking a drink from my flask, I sat up this tune and looked about n e The tide of war had rolled far away from where I was, and I could only hear the rattle of musketry away mi the distance. Looking in the direction of Sydney I could see a cloud of smoke, and knew the battle was raging there. All round ane lay the bodies of those who had fellen— many red coats, more Russians—several of our blue tunics, a dismounted gun j while all around the dismal groaning of the wounded filled the air. Just then I heard the tramp of men, I could see a body of Russians marching along the road which Jay some four hundred yards to my left, evidently reinforce ments going to the front. I discreetly lay dowa again on the sod tall they had passed. Soon I heard the tramp of horses, and looking towards the road saw a body of lancet gaj~ loping towards the City. I could make out the officer in command riding at the head of his men—just then I observed the figure of a man in the uniform of the Corps about twenty or so yards down the road from where I lay, rise from a heap of dead and wounded. He appeared badly wounded as he frequently put his hand to his side j he was resting on his knees, and his right hand held a rifle. As the body of cavalry came abreast of where he was, I saw him raise his rifle, take aim and fire. The officer in front of the cavalry corps reeled in his saddle. Im mediately a squad of the lancers left the road and galloped in the direction of the Highlander, who I now taw was an aged man with a gray beard. As the band of lancers approached him he raised his rifle a second tame and another saddle was emptied. With ayeU the Wk rushed upon him, he was transfixed by half a dozen lunces at once, and withashout, "Hurrah,for Glenoehil!" the old Highlander met his fate. Poor old fel low ! I suppose he was crazy with his wounds. 1 lay particularly close after this, as I could see the Cossacks sending their lances into any of the British wounded who were lying near After wmfcujga short while I staggered to my feet; and though I felt veiy faint and weak, determined to reach the City. As I was set tang off to cross the moor in the direction of the road from Botany to Sydney, I was araeBted^by a groan and a cry, "Captain, Captain. I looked round, and saw Craig, one i of our sergeants. In a moment I was beside m" Foor fellow, he had left a wife and a couple of children the day before at Balmain. He was lying on his back, holding his hand near his chest, from which a dark stream of blood was flowing when he breathed. " Cap tain," he whispered, " I am dying, if you get hack, give this to Lizzie, and say my last thought was of her j " and he handed me a photograph of his wife, saturated with blood. I tried to comfort him, gave him drink from my flask, bnt all to no purpose j in a few minutes he breathed his last holding my hand. Placing the photograph in my bosom. I staggered off on my way to Sydney. How I reached it, 1 shall never know, but at last I struck the Botany Boaii, and getting a lift from a man who had a cart full of wounded, about ten o'clock at nigh'i I reached Hj?de Park, where the Burgeons were opera ting' ■under canvas. I went in and had my wounds dressed, and while being attended to the surgeon told me bow the day had gone. It appeared the enemy had been victorious all along the line. Our right had been forced back on Botany, oar centre crushed, and our left thrown broken into Bandwick and Waverley, where they had bee« obliged to surrender. The barracks at Paddington had been taken by assault, and the enemv was in possession of all the country in & line from Botany to Paddington, WooUhara, and Double Bay. My great object was to reach home that night ; and eo, thanking the surgeon and accepting the crutch lie offered me, I found my way with difficulty down to the Circular Quay. The streets of Sydney were crowded, wo men rushing about crying and wringing their j hands, anxious groups of men discussing the news, all combined to mature a picture most impressive to the imagination, and "which Uvea in my recollection like the hauntings of an evil dream. On reaching the Circular -Quay I found a party of infantry camped there with arms piled ; going up to their camp fire, I recognised the officer in commnnd as an old acquaintance. He told me he was just wait ing for a couple of steam launches to trans port his men to Watson's Bay, whither rein forcements were being sent. He belonged to the reserve, and had only taken part in the last couple of hours' fight, and was able to tell me the latest news. The enemy had suc ceeded, without much trouble apparently, ih finding their way into Broken Bay, and the weather being calm had also effected a landing at Shell Beach, Manly. This village had been occupied by the enemy early in the day, and the greater poition of it destroyed by fire. Towards four in the afternoon the Russians appered in force on the Iforth Shore. Our batteries on George's and Kiddle Heads had been taken in reverse ; and after a gallant de fence, had been taken by assault, though it was reported that the greater number of the guns had been spiked or rendered useless before being captured. Bad news indeed; our cause now seemed hopeless, and my friend seemed to look upon the reinforcing of Watson's Bay as a useless piece of business, and our utter annihilation as a foregone conclusion. He very kindly offered to tow me as far as Darling Point in a waterman's skiff, then to cast me off to find my way to Bhore as best I might. I gladly accepted his offer, and taking the loan of a boat that lay moored at the Prince's Stairs, I was glad to make fast the painter to the launch which now up, and was soon on my way down the harbour. As we went along the well-known I could make out the British out posts in Darlinghurst, the most advanced being at the head of Upper William- street, where a battery of field artillery commanded Bushcutter's Bay The enemy were encamped on the opposite point, a field batteiy being posted at the junction of the Barling Point and Double Bay roads, the guns being planted on the luwns of Messrs. Erwan and Watson, thence commanding the approaches from Svdney. The Russian troops occupied a line from the Paddington Barracks, along Wool lahra to Double Bay. When off the point the launch stopped, and I shook hands with my friend and bade him adieu, pulling cautiously in shore—but we hi»d been heard, and a shell from the watchfol battery burst not far from us, without however doing much damage. You know the steep road that leads from Bank's cottage up to the Darling Point road. Well, I never sball know how I got up it. My head was achiug and bleeding, and I could hardly hobble up from the pain in my foot. Every step or two I had to cling to the fence for support, but at the last I managed it, and with a beating heart approached my own house. The moon w?s now struggling up, and tipped with silver the well-known gables. All was still. As I opened the gate, which went back .with a click, the noise sounded almost unearthly, and I hesitated to go forward • I reached the verandah—the win dows ; the door was open ; with a sickening feeling at my heart I staggered in. I tripped against a he^p of rubbish, and clung to the wall for support. The drawing-room door was open, what a sight was there! The moon shone through a huge hole in the ceiling 5 blackened walls, smashed furniture, the iraces ol fire, all told me what had happened —a shell had gone through our bedroom and into the dining-room below, killing no doubt all I loved in the world in its explosion; and with a cry of agony X fainted. When I came to myself I was lying in the hall. The cat was purring and rubbing her self against me. Mechanically I found my way into the dining-room. You kuow our little menage—the whiskey was there and the gasogen, as usual. 1 helped myself liberally, and gradually my thoughts returned. Bevived by the whiskey I began to tliiuk all hope was not gone. I could fiid no trace of any one in the house, alive or dead. What more natural than that they had gone over to the Oaks, my father-in-law's place, at the other side of the Point. Bevived at the thought, 1 took an other pull at the bottle, and with many a groan hobbled off to the Oaks. I got there—when I don't know—but I did reach it. As 1 got nearer and nearer the door my steps faltered and my courage failed me. 1 dared not pull the bell. 1 sat down on the verandah chair and looked about me. ' Away down the harbour I could see the South Head lit up like day by the electric light; at my feet lay Double Bay, the moon making a shiny track across it, while below I could see the camp flies of the Russians, their sentries passing to and fro. At last 1 sum moned all my courage and pulled the bell. It clanged terribly through the still night. 1 leant breathless against the door post. After a while I heard scuffling and whispering; " Who's the_e,"in a tremulous irresolute voice. " It's me," cried I, in reply. " Sure it's the master," I heard said in the strong Iireh accent of our cook, " Sure it's himself or his ghost." And immediately after I heard the unlocking of the door and the drawing back of the chain, the door was opened by Biddy, as I expected, who held a candle in her hand. On seeing my pale face and blood-stained bandages, she started back and nearly dropped. " Oh, master, dear, sure is it yourself ; are ye kilt entirely ?" " I'm all right, but the mistress and the children, are they safe?" " Sure and they are, sir, and in the cellar at this blessed minute. Thanks be to the Lord for that same,"—but I heard no more. I had fainted again, but this time for happiness. Why should Iprolong the melancholy story ? I shall be brief. Next day I was awakened by the deep booming of heavy guns, and, from the verandah, through the telescope could see the attack on Watson's Bay, and the storming of the South Head batteries. By 12 o'clock on Christmas Day several of the enemy's fleet were mooiel in Farm Cove, with guns pointed on .Government House and the public building, and Sydney was defenceless at the foot of herfoes. On our present condition I shall not en large. Our losBes in the war were heavy, every one wears mourning, and hardly a family but mourns the loss of some one dear to them. Business is ruined, and what little is doing is transacted entirely with paper money, all the bullion contained in the vaults of the banks having been shipped to Russia by one of their fastest steamers. The Governor, and all the officers of the Permanent Force and regular Volunteers, were )ik3wise sent aw-iv as prisoners along with all our captured smnll arms, and my first trip into town after the surrender was to say good- bye to our old friend Lieutenant Arthut, who was looking neither as stout nor as joily as of old, but who had happily survived the fighting where man; a smaller man was hit. I would have given something to have seen old Sir Henry Parkes' face when he inter ■viewed the Russian commander with the idea of finding out how much lie would take to go away, and leave us in peace, and was politely told that they had come to stop, and had no intention of leaving the beautiful country of 2few South Wales. Poor Watson, the Treasurer, has his irginuity strained to the utmost to invent new taxes for the benefit of the conquerors, who quietly tax us for the cost of our capture and the subsequent main tenance of their troops. The laboring men caunot complain of want I of work, as immense gangs of them are em ■ ployed on railways to connect Sydney and I Newcastle, and the coal mines of Illawarra with the metropolis—only they do not get paid for it, and their families are supported by rations issued by the Government—at our expense. The resources of the colony, too, are being developed, and the iron works of Lithgow and Natti are busy producing pig iron to be cast into Palliser guns and shot, and puddled into rails and other material. What we should have done ourselves the Russians are doing for us—only with the difference that they will protect us from our friends. Heavy batter'es are being erected at Botany Heads, Bondi, and the entrance to the Broken Bay. The entrance to Botany hps been narrowed by vessels laden with stoneB being sunk in the fairway, and this, as well as the entrance to Broken Bay, has been guarded by proper electro-mines — the old mechanical contact torpedoes be'ng quite obsolete in favour of modern improvements. I don't quite see how the British can force their way in, as the place seems to me what it ought always to have been—impregnable. There is no use crying over spilt milk, but, oh! if our rulers, instead of squabbling over petty matters, had only taken a states man-like view of our position—if instead of trusting to England, we had depended upon ourselves—how different things might have been. An expenditure of less than a million would have made our shores impregnable to any enemy. With a few fast gunboats with heavy guns our coast might have been kept fr.3 of invaders, and with a highly- trained permanent artillery and infanhy force of somewhere about 1,000 men, and uniforms enough to dothe, and rifles and ammunition enough on hand to arm the adult population, in case of need, we should have been masters of the situation, and need never have had to face, as we have now, misery, disgrace, and rain. This war has abundantly proved that, given a good highly-trained nucleus, and a raw material composed of men accustomed to the use of firearms, as in rifle clubs, a few weekB will give them the necessary training, to take the field, in such a short sharp cam paign as these colonies were ever likely to be engaged. But regrets are useless, let us try to forget the past. I have spun such a long yarn, my dear Jack, partly because I am veiy full of the subject, and partly because I have nothing better to do, but when or whether it will ever reach you I am sure I cannot say. As you may imagine the/e are no mails to England now! I daresay we shall soon have stirring news from Melbourne. Her port is blockaded, and the city invested from the land side by Russian troops; and when the reinforcements arrive, which, ac cording to the youg officer who is quartsred on me, are daily expected, I don't see how Victoria is to prevent succumbing to our fate. Indeed, I think it is likely all the colonies will suffer more or less from Bussian attacks, and though we all believe that sooner or later we shall get the upper hand, and the deiir old flag wave over us again, yet some of us cannot see how it is to come about, or what miseries may lie before us until it does. Let us hope that when it doss it will find me and mine alive and well, and hoping that you will soon be able to return to a free countiy, Believe me ever, Your affectionate brother, E. 