INDEPENDENT ORDER OF GOOD TEMPLARS. TO TUK KDITOU OK TH 12 8YDXKY DAILY TELI-XJ UAI'H. Sir, — Your issue of tbe lrftb contains a letter from Mr. G. D. Clark, claiming space for additional remarks in reply to Mr. Harcnss. If Mr. Clark couOucd himself to certniu specific charges, it would be more seemly in a controversy of Luis nature, luo tacts mentioned by Mr. Harcuss are those that he has seen nnd heard, having been present at tho memorable Louisville session in L87G, and latcrattbespecial. session aud so- called conference, held in London, the proceeding of whicli Mr. Uarcuss reported for record and publication. Mr. Harcuss, like myself and, doubtless, others, ia weary of refuting such statements as those of Mr. Clark's. Possibly, Mr. Clark's frieuds believe in the efficacy of repetition, and feel called upon nt this particular juncture to offer some reason for haviug isolated themselves from all the other colonics in 187(1. What tune so good as "Away down Tennes see" ? There would be no particular harm in this pastime were it not necessary to stigmatise falsely 11 number of good men who arc above reproach where they are known. Mr. Clark's members nra now discovering that they cannot enter tho lodges of the neighbouring colonies, and are finding their way back to the great cosmopolitan Order whose branches are in every land, from Britain to Tapau, and whicli was introduced into these colonies in 1872. It would be interesting to know if Mr. Clark would have the foreign policy of England dis turbed by a derangement in tbe King of Timbuctoo'a budget j or if the domestic policy of the Peru vians should cause a dissolution of our Parlia ment? What have we in Australia io do with questions that practically do not concern us ? Can we, by stirring up strife in Carolina, or elsewhere, hope by such means to remove barriers of caste that the usage of ages has engrafted upon tho social and political life of a people? No. Then why attempt to destroy by rupture the power and unity of a great and valued institution, designed for a ppccial and great work? This ghost of a "negro question " seems to haunt Mr. Clark, oven though tho vista be ho far back as lSlffi. It is consolutorv, how ever. to know that Mr. Clark is now satisfied tnat thia " will-o'-the-wisp ' is floored. Mr. C. Bays, "I know it is now." Rest, perturbed spirit ! Mr. Clark displays an original mmplicity in refer ence to social life in the Southern States that- is worthy of Mr. Ycrdnnt Green. Ho edifies us with this original information — "As far back as 18M tlie principle of negro exclusion began to develop itself iu Lite Southern States." Now, somo cynical people might say — "We kuew there was exclusivencps in the social life of the Southern States. We knew that iu hotels, railway cars .coaches, and even in the Christian Church itsoli, tlie white lion and the coloured lamb would uot He down together." But the originality of the news is, that it "began to develop itself " in 1800, Now what arc the facts in relation to this question ? The Order of Good Tem plars wns founded in 1 Sol in New York. Its platform was to rescue all men from the enrso of intemperance. It did not profess to rescue men from aujr other form form of slavery, but it ever recognised and acted upon this basis : Membership to all, irrespective of race, creed, or colour. From its early infancy onward it numbered among its high officers those of the Indian and African races, many of whom are to-day its most distinguished members. After the close of the civil war, tho Order was introduced into the South of tho Masin and Dison line. Naturally, prejudice was strong against it as a Northern .institution. Tho names of S. B. Chase and other prominent abolition ists, who were the pillars ofTemplary, did uot help to recommend it to the Southern planter, whose homo was yet desolate, and who yet mourned the loss of his brave sous in that awful struggle for what ha conceived independence. Is it to be wondered that, in the then state of society, tho high born Southend' would object to regard with com placency the elevation of his late slaves to a state of social equality with himself? It is not sur prising, therefore, that these Southern people iu a very few instances sought to make special terms for themselves. But without regarding the Southern temperance wau aa a species of human liyenn — as appears to be tho special mission of some— tho R. W. G. Lodge never in any one instance permitted a departure from tbe foundation principle of human equality. There is no instance of any lodge, or grand lodge, having obtained permission to alter the words of the Constitution so as to have an exclusively whito membership. There is only one instance on record of this being attempted, which was by the Grand Lodge of North Carolina, in J 872. and was at once forbidden by the 11. W. G. L. at its next session. But some body discovered, like Mr. Clark, that boiuc people were black-balled ; it, of course, must be becauso of colour ; and because the " professor of divinity and the successful preacher from Canada " cannot pass the ballot, Mr. L'lark justifies the action of those who, to secure £500 a year aud perks, in perpetuity, ruptured one of the grandest human institutions the world over saw. In reference to tho charge of trickery by Colonel Hickman and the Hon. S. D. Hastings, their names are a sufficient refutation. Mr, Clark brings a charge against the lt.W.G.L. that is so transparently hollow that I am astonished at its repetition. Ho says " As there was no Grand Lodge at that time in Florida, a 1 mutilated charter1 was granted them; hut they were told that the' could not remain Good Templars after a Grand Lodge was formed." In tho whole of this controversy I have not read so mislead ing a statement as this. Mr. Clark must he perfectly aware that the mutilation is the orasing of certain words in a subordinate lodge charter granted whero a Grand Lodge docs not exist. I will undertake to sliow Mr. Clark thut ehartors numerod ono to nino in Queeuslund, granted to white people, are muti lated precisely as this Florida one ' was. In Mr. Clark not aware that Joseph Malms has written an apology to the Hon. S. D. Hasliugs for having— as he said in ignorance — originated this statement. Mr. Clark would lead readers to suppose that these brethren of the Florida coloured lougca were only to have a temporary membership. Ho says — "But they were told they could not remain Good Templars after a Grand Lodge was formed." Who could, who dare, tell lodges such nn absurdity V Mr. Clark is, I fear, disingenuous in this matter. Does he not know that the laws of our Order ever did confer upon grand lodges full jurisdiction overall lodges in their territory, and all lodges must he sub ject to the said Grand Lodge?. But how can any lodge cease to exist? Fortunately, I have before mo the ease iu which Mr. C. refers. It ia found ia page lHil iu journal of proceedings. It is far too long to quote \ but I challenge Mr. Clark to meet me upon any public platform in Sydney and attempt to substantiate the meaning he has placed upon this case. I defy him to prove one singlo instance of double dealing on tbe part of the lt.W.G.L. or its officers to any Lodge or person of any race or colour during tbe 25 years of its exist ence. With thauks for vour courtesy. — I am. sir. yours, Arc., 31 Waterloo-street. D. M. CROWLEY. 