JAN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. {[By Augustus J«woi-p,D.D.,- in the Atkeneeum' ; ? ;. .'-. . of January 10.] ? Little more than two. months have passed [since my own personal experience of mental jphenomena was strikingly enlarged by the oc icurrence with which the following narrative deals. Yet already I find that round the ?original story there has gathered a surprising' accumulation of the mythical element, and that ilmyeelfam in danger of becoming a hero of {romance in more senses than one. As I object [to be looked upon as a kind of medium to ?whom supernatural visitations are vouch safed, and, on the other hand, do not wish jto be set down as a crazy dreamer whose (disorganised nervous system renders him (abnormally liable to fantastic delusions, 1 have yielded to the earnest request of isome who have begged me to make public the {following paper. I am told that there are those who busy themselves in collecting similar ptories, and if it be so it is better they should pear the facts .from me than after they have passed through other channels. The narrative eras written at the request of a friend not many flays after the event, when all the circum stances wero fresh in my recollection. i On the 10th of October, 1879, T drove over from Norwich to Mannington Hall to spend ^he night at Lord Oil ord'fl. Though I was in perfect health and high Bpirits it is fair to state that, for some weeks previously, I had bad a great deal to think about, some little i,nxiety. and some ; considerable mental strain i f one band or another. I was net, however, i i ' ' .? .... p\p~fr conscious of anything approaching weari ness, irritability, or'? 'fag.' I arrived at 4 p.m., arid was engaged in pleasant and animated conversation till it was time to dress for dinner. We dined at 7; our; party numbered six persons. Of these lour at least, had been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener ; the talk was general and dis cursive, and amused and interested me greatly. Not for a single, moment did it turn upon the ?supernatural;, it was chiefly concerned with questions of art and the experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe intelligently what they had seen and comment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely been at a more pleasant party. After dinner we played a rubber. : We ' left off as we began,' and as two of the guests had some dis tance to drive we broke up at half-past 10. - Tbe main object of my going over to Manning ton was .to examine, and take notes upon some very rare books in Lord Orford's library which I had been anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, but had never been fortunate enough to meet with up to this time. I asked leave to sit up for some hours and make tran ' scripts. His lordship at .first wished me to let his valet remain in attendance to see all lights -putout, but as this would have embarrassed me and compelled me to go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed likely .that I should be occupied till 2 or 3 in the morning, it was agreed that I should be left to my own devices, and the servants should be allowed to retire. By 11 o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon busily at work and ab sorbed in my ocenpatien. The room in which I was writing is a large one, with a huge fireplace and a grand old chim ney; and it is needless to say that.it is fur nished with every comfort and luxury. The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was Bitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes I wanted to examine. There were six small volumes, in all. I took them down and placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work — sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with a book I placed it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only.. one more book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of seltaerwater, and I remember thinking to myself that I should get to bed by 2 after all. I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawiBg to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, bending -slightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been at wsrk upon. The man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely-cut reddish-brown hair, his ear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high chesk bone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The right hand, which had first at tracted my attention, was clasping,' without any great pressure, the left hand. Both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were conspicuous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent ' Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sure; that he was not a reajity. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity aad a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of mf friend, and I looked -Kb a tray on . my right for a pencil ; then I thought, ' Upstairs I have a sketch-book —shall I fetch it?' There he sat, and I was fascinated ; afraid, not of his staying, bid lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper,, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this— my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed and nothing more: I went on with my writing as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and I had actually got to the last few words. of what I had determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. I saw the hands close to. my own; I turned my head again, to examine him more closely, and I was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that I -did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my men voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to my. work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the Slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I. -was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. , Having finished my, task, I shut the book and : threw it on the table; it' made a slight noise as it fell— the figure vanished. .' Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for': ' some seconds looking at the fire with a curious : mixture of feeling^ and I remember wondering whether my friend would cerae again, and if hi did whether he would hide the fire from me. ?Then first there stole upon' me a dread and a ? suspicion that I was beginning to' lose my nerve. : I remember yawning; then I fose,lit my bed room candle, took my books into the inner \- library, - mounted the chair as. before, and re ;plaeed five of the volumes ;. the sixth Ibrought : back and laid upon the table where I had been. ; writing- when the phantom did me the honor to . appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out the four candles and marched off to bed; where I slept -the sleep of the just or the guilty— I know not which — but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and un varnished narrative of facts. Explanation, ? theory, or inference I leave to others. 