TEMPERANCE. —* A SUPERANNUATED GHOST. It was a rat-trap of an old house. Its walls bulged, its floors slanted, the cellar was full of water, the roof leaked; no oue had lived there for years, but it had once been a handsome place, and the name it was called by was the name of a good old family. Why did it stand empty until it fell to decay ? Haunted—said the neighbors. And so I, who have a predilection for haunted houses, went wandering about it one day, sending the mice scampering away into their holes, frightening the black beetles, and enraging the spiders that were weaving their webs from one doorpost to the other. Where did the ghost live? I looked into the parlor. The tattered remains of some old blinds hung at the windows, and a rusty shovel and tongs upon the hearth told of the hospitable fires that had smouldered out long ago. In the bedrooms only a broken candlestick and a cracked ewer that had been left over since those days when white linen was spread upon the bed in the guest chamber, and the crow of the chanticleer awakened master and mistress, and Dolly the maid, and all the rosy children. The ghost was not there; neither4was he up in the garret, where he belonged. I looked the whole house over for him, until at last in the kitchen, where a red and cracked grate was all that remained to whisper of the many comfortable dinners that had been cooked and eaten, I found on a high old shelf a long, black bottle, and rather from idleness than interest set it upon the mantelshelf. No sooner had I done so than I saw that it was no ordinary bottle. It looked like one, as it stood in the closet, but no sooner was it set upon the mantelpiece, with its label, " Whisky," plainly visible to the beholder, than I saw rising from its mouth a sort of smoke, which by slow degrees condensed itself into a figure of hideous aspect, though of tiny proportions, until finally I saw perched upon the neck of the bottle a little greenish-coloured imp, with long horns, red eyes, and great white fangs. I stared at it in horror. "" Who are you ?" I asked. The thing looked at me and grinned, slapped the bottle with its hand, and answered— " I am the ghost who haunts this house." I shrank away. " You needn't be afraid," it said. " I'm harmless until some one fills my bottle. I'm quite superannuated now. I'm garrulous in my old age, and would like to talk. I remember when I came here. It was on a wedding day. Two young people were married, and an old man brought me in this very bottle as a wedding present. ' The best old Bourbon,' said he. No one saw me grinning through the glass; but they pulled the cork, and out I came. I perchcd myself where I could see them all, and nodded as they pledged each other. " That night the bride sat and cried by herself ; the bridegroom was lying drunk on the sofa below. I liked that, ha, ha! It pleased me. After that I stayed here. The bottle kept full. In a little time the bride did not cry about it. She took her glass, too. "They were handsome young people. It took two years for his nose to turn purple, and she was not redeyed for five. Children came; they had whisky and sugar to suck before they were able to eat meat—five of them—and the father was seldom sober. No wonder the old place was mortgaged soon, and some of the land sold. " All went to ruin fast. Once, however, I was disappointed. The man swore he would reform, stuffed me up into the corner of a shelf, and kept sober for a year. I was wretched then. However, one day another child came. Old Nurse Dickerman was with the mother. " Just a little something warm would do us all 1 good,' she said; so down came the bottle, and out came the cork. " Out I flew. I saw my man's eyes glitter, and I danced an hour that night as he sprawled ou the floor before the fire, and his youngest son pulled his whiskers, and cried, 'Dit up, papa.' " But the father did not waken, and the little thing, left to itself—for Nurse Dickerman was very sound asleep herself—pulled the kettle of boiling water over it. It was scalded to death. " Then there was another spell of corking me up. Bah! I knew it would not last for ever. But it did last a good while—for years, indeed; and the eldest children were tall lads, and everything was looking up again, when one Christmas time somebody mixed a bowl of punch. It was a merry Christmas for me. At midnight two tipsy boys fell to fighting — two brothers who had never quarrelled before, and one of them received a blow that proved fatal. " This time the bottle was not corked again. The father dtank to drown his sorrow ; the son to bury his remorse; the mother that she might not remember. Let me think it over. What came then ? Mere of the land was sold—decay and desolation everywhere. One son runs away to sea. One robs his employer and goes to prison. The girl—well, she ran away, too. I don't know all the story. And one night my man—I call him my man because he loved me so—was brought home on a eh utter—a bleeding mass—dead. He had been very drunk, and had gone up into a high tower and jumped off. "Now only the woman was left—an old woman, shabby, dirty, poor, a widow, and childlesB. She was a pretty young bride when I first saw her. She filled me well; she emptied me often. At last one day she sat over the fire. She had been drinking, and her breath was heavy with the fumes of liquor. A flame leaped up and caught it. The next morning what looked like a charred log lay upon the floor. The coroner called it ' spontaneous combustion.' I couldn't help laughing." " You fiend!" cried I. "Yes," said the little imp, " that's what I am. I'm stupid now, though, and superannuated, as I said. Do me a favor—won't you? Just fill the bottle up, and you'll see what I can do." But the next moment I had seized the bottle by the neck and cast it upon the hearth, where it lay scattered in a thousand fragments, and so laid the ghost of the old house. 