ABRAM AND MELCHIZEDEK. August 15.—Afternoon. Golden Text, Heb. vi. 20. Readiug, Gen. xiv. 12—24. I. The two characters. 1\. Abram (High Father)not yet Abraham (Father of many nations): see xviii. chap.; also Rev. ii. 17.—The first great example of godly life after the flood. 2\. Melchizedek—(King of Justice)—King of Salem (or peace) and Priest of the Most High God. The difference between kingly and priestly offices should be explained. II. Their meeting. 1\. When did they meet?—After the first war on record. The kings only petty kings or chiefs, excepting perhaps Chedorlaomer, King of Elam (Persia). Abram's sole appearance as a warrior.—Explain reason of his interference and also how it was that his servants were trained to arms, also the procedure by night attack. Picture Abram's return with prisoners and spoil. Where did they meet ? Place uot identified. Show on map route from Damascus to Mamre—somewhere on that route. Points developed in Abram's character. His piety—reverence, and tithes to Melchisedek.—His disinterestedness to King of Sodom. His fidelity to the interests of his helpers. HI. The leading thought of the narrative of the Golden Text—Melchizedek a type of Christ. A type in Scripture—a foreshadowing of some coming object. Explain from image, shadow, and substance. Points in which Melchizedek typified Christ. 1\. In his mysterious origin and greatness. Who was Melchizedek ? Abundant conjecture (some say Shem, some even the Holy Ghost; more likely the only Cauaanitish Prince retaining the pure faith), but no one knows. He is officially what Christ is essentially, " a greater than Abram." 2\. Melchizedek, like Christ, was both king and priest. Every pious patriarch (Noah, e. <j.)was also domestic priest. But Melchezedek was High Priest—perhaps superior king. So Christ (spiritually) King and Priest. Priest by His self-sacrifice, King ruling by truth and love. He is universal Priest and King, 3\. Officially they have no aucestors. They are original. Jewish priesthood hereditary, but they are priests by special divine appointment—in their own right. Neither is of the priestly tribe. Sec Heb. v. They both ruled by personal influence without written laws. They received homage; bestowed blessings. 4\. Neither had a successor. Melchizedek's office expired with him. Christ is still the only High Priest. 5\. Both were in sympathy with men. It was very beautiful for weary Abram to be treated so kindly by Melchizedek. Christ meets all our wants, our weariness, our sorrow, He is full of sympathy and help. He is High Priest after the order of Melchizedek. 6\. The antitype greater than the type. Substance than shadow. So Christ greater than Melchizedek. Melchizedek is no more: He is a character in hiBtory. " Christ the same," &c.; " He ever liveth," &c.; " A priest for ever." He is also to be our king for evermore. T. I. 