OUR SYSTEM OF DESTITUTE POOR RELIEF. (By ViD.j No 2 -THE DESTITUTE ASYLUM. As has been already stated, the Destitute Asylum, in common with two other State insti tutions, occupies a site of land on North-terrace The total area enclosed within the boundary walls is about three acres. The Destitute Asylum is divided into three yards, called respectively the upper men's quarters, the women's quarters, which are situated in the centre of the area, and the lower men's quarters. The upper quarters are devoted to the accommo dation of the more healthy, or, to speak more by the card, the less sickly male inmates, while those suffering more or less from chronic and iu curable complaints are disposed of in the lower quarters. My visit was made shortly before noon. Knocking at the gate, I was let in by an old weather-beaten but mild-looking cripple, who is tl e Cerberus of a sort of porch lodge. Every visitor has to demand admission through a small grating, but the Cerberus has instructions to refuse entrance to no one who chooses to soy that he desires to see the Chairman or the Superintendent at the office. As the sanctum of the Board is removed far away at the back of the upper quarters it is thus quite possible for any one who " knows the ropi s" of the institution to procure admission under false pretences and while away a con siderable time in tbe front yard before he is discovered, as tbe wardsman in charge cannot possibly be omnipresent or omniscient. This possibility of unauthorized admission is some times taken advantage of by old habitues of the placo to sneak in, an amusing instance of which occurred at a later period of my visit, and it proves that the site for the office is exceedingly ill chosen. After briefly inspecting the Board-room and offices devoted to the clerical staff, I was conducted by Mr. Solomon, the Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Lindsay, the Superinten dent of the Asylum, into the lower quarters Before I had had time to go over this yard, however, the dinner-bell rang, anil as I was desirous of seeing the inmates at their mid day meal a move was made for the kitchen. I shall therefore describe tbe operation of dinner first, and then take the yards one by one, although my inspection was now changed into a most confusing, desultory ramble amongst the many and irregularly constructed buildings of which tbe Asylum is composed, portions of which were formerly used as a military birrack*. Proceeding towards the kitchen, we encoun tered the cooks of the metBes, bearing huge tin trays loaded with joints of mntton, potatoes, vegt tables, and rice, the viands looking tempting enough for even a fastidious appetite. - In a small, stuffy kitchen, in which the thermometer stood at about 140°, the cook and two or three assistants were engaged in handing out the trays and in perspiring profusely. It was a soup-day, that is to say, the fare was mutton. Beef and mutton are given on alternate days, with beef-tea and vegetable soup as their re spective concomitants. Of course, inmates on the sick-liBt receive all sorb of delicacies denied to their less decrepid companions in distress. I tasted the soup, and found it nourishing and palatable, although in the course of my short experience I am bound to say, in the interests of truth, I have certainly tasted better The cook deplored the fact that it was mutton day, and confidentially assured me that I would have found the beef-tea of another day much better. I consoled myself with stealing a potato out of a dish, denuding it of its coat, and swallowing it as an accompaniment to the soup. I was told that each inmate re ceived a pint of soup every day. While I was performing the very interesting duties of a taster of other people's dinners my companions and I were startled by a voice, which emanated from an impudent-looking rascal with a scar on his nose, who was standing at the window which looks out into the front yard er upper quarters. The voice said in a confident off-hand manner, " Cook, I want some dinnerbut the impudent head to which the •voice belonged immediately drew back at the sight of Mr. Lindsay (the Superintendent), who came to the rescue of cook with the reply, "Hullo, what are yon doing here?" The impudence vanished out of the voice, which next was heard humbly speaking in the most respectful and wheedling tones," I came in to see you at the office and heard you were in the kitchen, sir." It turned out that the rascal, who has been a casual inmate many times, had passed the Cerberus at the gate under the pre tence of business at the office, and had made bis way to the kitchen, hoping to bluff the cook out of a dinner, confidently believing that every body would be out of the way until the meal had disappeared. Poor rascal, his impudence failed him for once. I felt rather sorry for him until the Superintendent summed up his character thus:—"South Australia could not produce a bigger blackguardMr. Solomon adding after a pause, "except his wife, who has been in gaol five- sixths of her life, and is there now." The daily dietary scale for healthy inmateB is as follows1 lb. bread, $ lb. meat, & oz. tea, 2 oz. sugar, 2 oz. rice, and £ oz. salt. Included in the daily allowances is 1 oz. soap. In addition to these rations vegetables are allowed, and medical comforts furnished as ordered by the Medical Officer. All smokers in the institution receive, as long as they behave themselves well, 2 oz. of tobacco per week. The dietary scale is not, I was informed, rigidly adhered to, and additional allowances are mostly provided, as destitute wayfarers come into the institution every day of the year. Many of these consist of discharged prisoners from the Stockade who are utterly destitute of money and good clothing, and these are generally given a night's accommodation and sent away in the morning with a comfortable stomach, a blanket, and a decent rough suit, which probably once was brought into the institution by a now deceased inmate. We visited the women's yard, first proceeding to the upstairs dormitories of the buildings which form the southern and eastern boundaries of the women's quarters. This portion of the establishment is principally devoted to invalids* The first room we enter contains nine beds, all of them save two occupied by old and feeble women, who are postured in various attitudes, and present a pitiable picture of decay and decline. Here is a clear complexioned but withered old dame, whose head is encased in a snowy nightcap as ancient in pattern as herelf. She is seated on her bod, and is engaged in feebly munching her dinner. On the other side of the room, propped up by pillows, are the wasted remains of what was once a remarkably pretty woman. Her sunken eyes and pinched features tell a sad tale. It is a case of general wasting away. One or two small bunches or withered greenery speak of a feeble attempt at recent Christmas decorations ; but this room, I think, was the only one I saw in which any attempt at all had been made to relieve the monotony of the bare whitewashed walls of the dormitories. In an adjoining room, similar to the last, there were sevcu more old women fast ripening for another world. One was a very painful spectacle. She was between seventy and eighty years of age, her hair being as intensely white as the finest bleached calico. She had been an inmate for the last seven, or eight years, and had been such a lively old lady up to that period, when she was suddenly struck in the midst of her bustling everyday work with paralysis, and here she had lain ever since, as helpless as a log of wood. She had lately got a little better, however, being just able to lift her left hand feebly to her face, and having recovered in a slight degree her senses—at least so I was told. My companions asked her if she knew them, and her aged mouth and wrinkled face puckered up into a most painful attempt at an articulation and a smile, which facial movement I was informed meant an answer in the affirma tive. The other occupants of the room were all more or less stricken and bowed down; but it would be impossible for me to pick out a more pitiable case tban that of this woman, who has to be waited on by one of the more robust in mates. Outside of these dormitories a balcony over looks the yard below, occupying the whole length of the two wings of the building, and communicating with other wards, which also had their proportion of enfeebled old women with thin faces and great staring eyes. One of the upstair rooms of the eastern wing is set apart for lying-in purposes, Mr. Solomon having taken upon himself the responsibility of separating from the lyiDg-in institution proper all cases of confirmed depravity, iu order not to further contaminate by contact with vice- hardened creatures any young girls or women who may have fallen but once, and whom it may be possible to reclaim to piths of virtue. Beyond that are two other wards, and a nurse's apartment completes the upstairs suite of rooms. A very querulous old lady in one of these wards was pointed out to me. She was scolding the nurse in a tbin cross voice for having brought her mutton for dinuer, and declaring that nothing but beef tea would suit her complaint. 1 was told that she was crabbed and soured by suffering, and that nothing that was done pleased her. The authorities had actually once gone to the expense of furnishing a cottage heme for her in North Adelaide, bat she clamoured against the arrangement until she was brought back to the Asylum. Coming down stairs sgain we entered the women's dining hall, where seated ronnd four tables were Borne fifty or sixty elderly females, two hard-featured, bold-looking younggirls, and one child of about thirteen or fourteen years of age. The latter had been boarded out from the Industrial School with a private family, but, having been found unsuitable, had been returned to the Destitute Asylum authorities, and was going back to the school that day. All the women were vigorously falling-tost their food. Amongst them I per- . ctived an old acquaintance. This was the old i Scotch spinster with the merry twinkling eyes whom I had seen some months back waiting on Mr. Berry, the City Missionary, and asking Cor work, and who amused me then by stating, in reply to a query as to whether she were married, that Bhe was a spinster and had " tbocht little eneuch aboot the laddies; but had she her time to gang o'er again she wadna be sic a fule as 6he bad been." The ground floor od the eastern wing of the yard contains a room used as a nursery. In here, besides the three or four little ones who were eating their meal, was a strange and unsightly object—an idiotic dwarf, aged rhirty-fave years. This creature is not much more than two feet high, and, strange to say, was one of a family of three or four girls, who were all well formed and good looking. Her father and mother had been a dissipated pair, and UBed to travel through the colony ex hibiting this their misshapen daughter and spending the proceeds in drink; but they had long since died, leaving her to the care of the State. She is a perfect idiot. Poor idiot! Perhaps it is a mercy that her reason is blinded to her many physical disadvantages. What a contrast she presented to the two sweet little fair-haired boys at her side—children of shame and sorrow, who are not yet old enough to know the disgrace that attaches to their birth! Another little venturer in a world of sin and misfortune wbs being soothed in his mother's arms; but he will probably not outlive his childish troubles, for he was so wee and sickly that I think he could not have weighed above three or four pounds. Further along the wing are other wards, all possessing inmates more or less afflicted. All the walls present the same cheerless aspect of unrelieved whitewash, but in one room there is a tidy collection of illus trated papers scattered about, interspersed with a novel or two. I fancy that the men read, a great deal more than do the women. When we returned to the yard the midday meal waB over, and now a more comprehensive glance could bb obtained of the female -inmates, who wereto be seen hobbling and tottering feebly or seated dejectedly, as if their ruling passion were apathy. One or two more brisk than the rest were engaged in hanging out washed clothes on the lines that occupied the greater portion of the centre of the yard. The laundry is a portion of the northern boundary which divides the women's yard from the lower quarters. Some of the female inmates do the whole of the washing of the establishment, which is a very unfascinating and heavy job, on account of the dircy habits of many of the dwellers in these halls of sorrow. Every convenience for laundry work is provided* At the time of onr visit the laundry had but one occupant, a hearty- looking woman of some twenty-five or twenty-six years of age, who was seated disconsolately on the bare floor, and who did not attempt to move when we entered. I expressed my surprise at seeing such a robust young woman iu the establishment, but was told that she was subject to fits. Her services were utilized in the laundry when she was well. It was feared that one of her fits was approach ing, otherwise she would have probably been with the rest at dinner. Across the yard is a spare_ ward containing an inner room, which constituted, before the new buildings adjoining the Asylum were erected, the Girls' .Reformatory and the Lying-in Hospital. This is only used when occasion arises for the purposes of a caucer ward, the patients being thus enabled to be isolated from the remainder of the womeu. Passing onwards to the lower quarters, we proceeded through three workshops for shoe makers tailors, and carpenters, each containing two workmen, inmates of the Asylum. The shoemakers make all the boots that the esta blishment requires: the tailors are employed iu making some of the clothes and in patching and mending garments, while the carpenters' ser vices are utilized for various purposes, such as the manufacture of seats, forms, and other wooden utensils. The workmen receive a slight gratuity of a couple or three shillings weekly, and the savings hoarded out of their stipends are gene rally recklessly spent on liberty days—mostly in tobacco and often with the publicans. The lower quarters consist of a quadrangle enclosed on every side by buildings. On the east side the buildings are a row of cottage barracks, gradually decreasing in height as they descend the slope of the hill, while the western boundary consist of a new two-storied building possessing balconied verandahs. . The rooms consist princi pally of large ward dormitories, rectangular in shape, airy, and roomy, but all having walls as desolate and bare as the rooms of a penitentiary. Aesthetic culture is evidently not an item i:i the programme of the Destitute Asylum, and yet some of those teeble old men loitering about the yard or seated down sucking at short clay pipes are men of education, have once moved in refined society, and may be supposed to possess a soul above a whitewash landscape. Quondam lawyers, doctors, squatters, and broken-down tradesmen, wbo have demonstrated in their own careers the truth of the proverb Facilis descensus A vcrni,"are frequently amongst those who with shattered constitutions and broken fortunes seek here their last mundane home. That paralytic eld hobbler who was trudging painfully backwards and forwards on a quarter deck parade a few minutes before dinner, and who is now absorbed in reading the thrilling descrip tions of a better asylum for the weary, given by the beloved disciple in Revelations, was a doctor in bis day with a very large country practice. He takes no heed of our presence, and it is evident that it would require considerably more than the recent Asiatic cholera scare to rouse him from his apathy to the world in general. Not so, however, is it with this decrepid old hoary-headed sinner, who is being driven into the yard with minatory gestures by the wards man. He has been caught just now for the hundredth time in the women's yard, into which he contrives to escape with every smallest possible loophole of opportunity. Perhaps he was_courting the jolly Scotch spinster! His family has been au expensive one to the State. He was a hawker, aud his wife, a loose character, was the mother of two very pretty daughters. The latter fell into the hands of the law as neglected children at au early age and underwent the usual Industrial School course, from which they were sent out to service, with every promise of doing well. But the heritage of shame appeared to descend upon them from the mother, and as soon as they were free from the supervision of the destitute authorities they took to bad courses. What peculiar drawbacks prevented their reformation I know not, but there must have been something wrong somewhere to defeat the reclamation of these seedlings. The ending of their live9 was SB sad as 'he beginning was unpropitious—they both died in the Hospital before they had at tained eighteen years of age, or withiu two years of the period at which they became free agents, irresponsible to the guardians of the destitute. The difference between the demeanour of the men and that of the women was noticeable. The latter mostly made awkward curtseys and appeared to court notice—this might cer tainly have been the last flickering flame of the ghost of the habit of flirtation, which seems to bo so essential an element of female nature—but the men were generally stolidly indifferent, and appeared to resent our coming as intrmive. A few of them gave the ugly touch of the forelock or hat wbi:h is so commonly the obeisance enjoined in gaols, and which is a degraded imitation of the mili tary salute. AmODgst the remarkably stolid ones were three old Germans, seated on their beds at one end of a ward, phlegmatically smoking and reading. One was an old soldier, and when a lad of fifteen years had served with Blucher at Waterloo. He had previously been pressed into Napoleon's invading army, but after six weeks' detention managed to escape and join Blacher's forces. Bather a different history attached to a fine, inteliigentlooking old man, with iron-grey bair. He had been a country gentleman at home, the possessor of a fine estate and a well-bred pack of hounds, with which he was fond of scouring the country in the hunting season. He was one of three brothers, and the other two were as noted for their peculiarities as he was for his. While his passion was the chase his brothers indulged respectively in their favonrite occupa tions of fishing and Bhooting. These idiosyn crasies led to the application of nicknames t» the trio, viz, Nimrod, Fishing Bod, and Bamrod. Nimrod originally came out to this colony as- a squatter. In the npstairs wards are to be found the more confirmed invalids—men suffering from phthisis, general breaking-up, contracted limbs, blindnese, paralysis, and not a few still further weighted down with imbecility or partial madness. Old Bob was an instance of this. He was paralyzed, and his head troubled him. He could mutter nothing bat meaning less sounds, sometimes moaning the one word " Bitter," and occasionally breaking onb into an idiotic crow, which culminated in the words "Poor Bob." {To be continued.) 