^ktcfjjer. CHINESE MYTHS AND STORIES, A veuy remarknblo fact coucerning Chinese folk-lore is tho strange similarity botwccu Cninoso myths and stories and thoso of Weetern Europe. Here is a talo, tho annloguo of whiou is found almost everywhere in Western folk-loro. Tho Bevou Sleepers of Ephesus, tho mediomil romanco of Oirier lo Danois. and tho old Gaelic legend on whioh that romanco is based, o£ Oioin's sojourn in tho laud of youth, are a few of tho many forms whioh | it takes iu tho West. Tbo Chinese story is as follows : — ' Two friends wandor among tho mountains culling simploa. At a fairy bridge, the nzuro bridge, thoy find ou guard two maidens of more than earthly beauty. 'Come act oss the bridge,' cry tho maidens. This done, tho . friends are fed on hunia (hemp, tbo Chinoso hasheesh), and falling deeply in lovo with their hostesso^, spond with thom in the Jaspor City what seems tho short though blissful period of a fow days. At length they are seized with a desire to visit their earthly home, and on crottinor back thev find that seven generations have passed, and tboy have become more than centenarians.' Tho Btory is given in the Liao chai chih yi, with thu dato, a.d. 60 to 70, and tho names of the. two friends 1 Another equally circumstantial talo records how Wang Ouih, one of the patriarchs of the Taouist seot, was ono day gatuering fire-wood iu the mountains of Ku Chow, when he enterod a grotto whero some old men were deop iu a game of chess. Ho laid down his axe and wutohed them ; whereupon ono of tho old men handed him what looked liko a date-stane, telling him to put it in his mouth. No sooner had ho tasted it than he oeaBed to foul hunger and thirst. By-and-bye ono of tho players said, 'It is long since you oame here; you should go home now.'' Wang Chih went to tako up his axe, and found the handle had mouldered into dust. Undismayed, however, , ho went homo, but found that centuries had passed since ho went out wood-cutting. No vestigo of hi3 kinsiolk had remained. Tho end of this talo is certainty un-Eurepean; for Wang Chih retroats to a cell in the mountains, and devoting himsolf to religious exercisos, fiuully attains immortality. Sometimes tho mischievous fairy is almost identified with ono ot' tho monkey tribo. Thus a mat with a very pretty wifo, travel ling nour Chang-tin, was warned that hard by lived a shea who was given to v,*c::ian Btealing. He hid his wifo in an inner room ; but in the fourth watch of tho second night she was carricd off. Ho Bought her high and low, his romantic and perilous adventure being described in The History of the White ^ Monkey , by Kung T'sing. At last he camo to a stone door in the lace of a mountain. Some women, who were passing in and out, told him his wife was there. 'Get us,' said they, 'ten dogs, two barrels of spirits, and a quantity of hempen rope, and wo will try to deliver her for you. After all these thing3 had been provided, the BhSn oame in, und drank tho spirits and ate the dogs, and whilo he was gorged and helpless the women bound him to the bed. They called in the husband, who found that he was an enormous monkey. He straightway killed him, and set free, not hiB own wifo only, but many othor women , who were hold ia captivity. Talking of monkeys, we may remark tbat thoy, as well as men, are supposed to have ghosts. A man in Canton, named Ling, had a yuan monkey in his family forty years. This species is supposed to grow to a very large size if it ia allowed to drink plenty of water ; and as Ling preferred a small monkey, his pet was kept ou Ebort water allowance. One day the monkey snatched a cup out of tho hand of Ling's youngest son, and drained it off. Tho father gave him a good whipping, where upon the monkey sulked, refused food, and died in a few days. Soon after, his ghost began to haunt the house ; strange' noises were heard, food unaccountably Hiaonnonvo/I nnH fit lnol- o fl,.„ Ling moved into another house, but the ghost moved too ; and at last he was com pelled to take refugo in the temple-of tho five hundred worthies. Here tho ghost did not dare to follow him j and not many years ago the family might be seen housed in tho temple, everybody in the quarter knew for what reason. Ghosts whom nobody owdp, 'spirits of poor men who had died at ntroet oorners, and such . like, aro, not unnaturally, malevolent. They cause epidemics, and havo to bs driven off . by firing orackurs ; or, if pooplo prefer appeasing., thom, thoy sot out plates full of Cakes,, with invitations to ' the honourable homeless ghosts.',' The ghosts of suicides are particularly difUoult to be oppeased ; their sole aim in life (or .rather in death) seems to be to indnco others ,to do aB they have done. If you, Bleep. in the --room where anyone hanged himsolf or herBf-ll, you are Bure to receive during ? tho night a pressing invitation to commit felo dc se. At Hang-ohow, by tho north gate, wa9 a houso bo haunted by demons tbat .it was to be had a bargain. A scholar named Ts'ai bought it, and since none oi his family i would go with him, wont to sleep thore i alone. Ho lighted a oandle, and kept watob. At midnight a woman oame slowly in with a red Bilk handkerohief round hor neck, Balutcd him, tied a rope to a beam, and put her neck in it. Ts'ai watohed her, bnt did not obango a musole. She then fastened up another rope, and invited him td put his head in likewise. Ho laughed, and, lifting up his foot, put that into the noose. 'You're wrong,' said sho. 'No,' he repliod ; ' you were wrong years ago, or you'd never have done what you did.' The ghost gave an exceeding bitter ory, bowed to Ts'ai, and departed ; and from that timo the house was no moro haunted. Ts'ai after ward rose to great distinction, as ho de served to do, paseing all his examinations, and beooming provincial oounoillor. GhontB ore oftoa introduced into Chinese playB, *nd in one /arcs ,tho ghost turns the tables on his would-bo sxorcist. The priest comei in with big goug, robes, mitre, ,oto„ bufc the ghost catches hold of the gong, anfl beats tho dovil's tattoo on it, clapa tha mitro on Mb own . head, strips the priest of his robes, and vows he'll exorcise his reverenco. 'Oh, your Excellency, ' whimpers, the priest, falling on hia knees, 'had I known you'd roally been in the house, I'd never have come near the place. I only came to try to earn a fow cash.' The ghoBt, . however, exorcises him without mercy, and he has to decamp minus his paraphernalia. Ghosts of gods are not uncommon, and are often highly serviceable. A few years ago the following was 'gravely related in the Pekin Qasette: ' When the_ Mohammedano were besieging Changwei, they suddenly halted and ran away. The fact waB, they had approached the temple of Ta-pi-peh (jod of the planet Venui), and there they saw an awful vision : Kodn in golden mail, numnroim as forest trees, and armed with sword and shield, were drawn up in battle array along the city wall, and red lamps innumerable lighted them up. The enemies' hearts failed them, and a sudden discharge of cannon put them to flight.' Hero is another class of superstition, whioh reminds us of some weird German and Sclav legends about building a living man or woman into a bridge or tower, whioh could on no other condition bo oompieted. 'When the bell-tower of Pekia was built,' says Mr. Stent, in a paper on Chinoso logends, 'tho Emperor ,Yung-lo, of tho Ming dynasty,' ordered a great mandarin, named Kuaa-yu, to cast a bell big enough for suoh a noble build ing. . Time after time ,Kuan-yu. and the cleverest workmen in the country tried, to oast a bell, and failodi .tho oaatipg, waa always honoyoombed, and tho emporor said that if thoro wna ono moro failuro, Kuan-yu'a hoad should pay tho forfeit. Now Kuan-yu had a daughter, a lovoly girl of sixteen, named Ko-ai : and whon sho learned what was to bo done, sho wont to a eelebratod astrologer and asked tlio causo of hor father's failure. Somo demon, sho was told, required p. maidon's blood to bo mixod with tho metal, and unless this was done, tho next casting would bo a failuro liko tho others. Ko-ai nt once took her resolution. Sho got leave from her futbor to bo piesont at tbo cast ing; nnd amid tho dead silenco which prevailed when tho taps . woro drawn and tho molten stream poured down into the mould, a shriek was hoard, and crying out, ' For my fnthor,' Ko-ai throw herself headloDg into tho soothing motal. Ouo of tho workmen tried to seiie her, but only succeeded in gotting' bold of a shoe, whioh camo olf in his hand. Tho father had to bo hold back by forco from following Ko-ai's I examDle. Ho was taken homo a, ravinir madman ; but tho belt was perfect iu mako and tone, and wheu struck, its sonorous boon is to this day . followed by a low wailing sound liko tuo wail of a woman in agony, and whon pooplo hear it thoy say, ' There's poor Ko-ai calling for liur shoo.' ' Where did those tales come from which wo call tho Arabian Nights .' Some of thom, we know, tell, us about Chinese -emporors aud princesses— Badroulboudour, to wit, Ol others, Chinese legends givo us othor forms. Thus ' Opeu Sesame' liads its parallel iu the story of a oavo, near which lived a poor youug hordsuian, who nore the not unusual name oi Chang. Ono day, as ho was pass ing, ho heard a voico say, ' Stone ~ door Oiieu ; Mr. Kwoi-ku is coming.' Tho cave opened, and tho iuviBible speaker entered, aud by-aud-bye tho same voioo said, ' Stone door, shut ; Mr. Kivei-ku is going.' Wliero npon tho oaye closed, so that no ono oould ses where tho onCrauoo hud been. Chang at onoo dotormiued to seo what was -inside ; to, one day, taking caro that Mr. Kwoi-ku was gono out, ho usod tho formula, and at once gained au entrance. Chinese legends aro often unpractioal, so we need not wonder that there iB no hint of auy treasure inside. It was simply a vast, romautic cavern. Ho camo out, shut the door by using the proper form of words, and then told his only living rotative, -his grandmother. She mustneedsseo it too ; but, wandering insido, they got separated, ' and Chang, fancying she hud left first, came out and closed the cave's motith. Not finding her at home, he rushed back, horror-striken, to seek her : bub now all his efforts to obtain an entrance failed. Tho magic words had lost their power ; .and he felt that his grandmother must be either starved to death or devoured by Mr. Kwei-ku. Just then this dreaded personago appeared to him, and told him that thu fates had taken his grandmotuer j tho cave demanded a victim. Lot him marry, and tako comfort in the thought that his children would have power over demons. And so it was; Chang's son became 'the master of heaven,' tho first holder (a.d. 25. is about tho date assigned to tho story) of au oflico which has lasted on to the present day. ijiorieB of magic tombs ure louud among most peoples, nor are tboy wanting in China. Kungming wus a sort of Chinoso Miohael Soott ; and ono day the Emperor Hung-wu aud his chief councillor, passing nour his tomb. Wflro naizmi with n wmh tn vinih.-it. The Emperor aud his courtier woro suits of iron mull, after tho fashion of thoso days ; so, breaking through into tho antichamber, thoy read an inscription that whoever visited tho tomb should havo his hands tied — a prophoey fulfilled by their bauds getting for some timo fast wedged into tho passuge through whioh thoy squeezed themselves. Breaking [through ,th0 ,seoond door, they found several figures, toward whioh they began io be attraoted by an irresistiblo force. Full of terror, they flung off their armour and llod, noting as they ran out another inscrip tion, which may be renderoM thus : - ' I'll strip off tho skin Of whoso ventures in To open this my grave.' Of _ courso tho figures wero cf loadstone, which in the legends of media-val Europe, as well as in tho Arabian Rights and in Chinese, stories, was credited with very mysterious poworo. When Contuoius diod, one of his disciplos cased his coffin in load stone; und thus tho Emperor Chin was baffled in his attempt to open the sage's tomb — the workmen's pickaxes and spades lose their heads, tho armour of the soldiers on guard was Btripped off their bodios; altogether things took such a strange turn that tho attempt was given up. Even tho Judgment ot' Solomon finds its parallel iu Chinu, only tho mandarin who plays Solomon orders tnatthe child shall be taken away from both womou, and brought up as a government official. Ho judges that the real mother will eagerly accept so I good a chanco for her offspring, whilo the woman who only wanted to sell tho babe. ,or to uso it in bogging, will clamour for its restoration. He therefore hands tho little ono to the claimant who, though with tears and sobs, had accepted his proposal. Tho story is said to be historical, but we may BiispecC tbat it was derived from Indian or Semitic sources. That is just the difficulty in all these cases. The myth may havo travelled eastward in tho wake of the earliest enravana, or with tho other teaching of those Nestorian Christians who penetrated into tho hoard cf Calna long before the Tartar conquests, aud whose influence on Buddhism has -not yet been adequately taken into account. When we know moro o£ Chinese litoraturs, we shall oeo what stories really do dato from pre-Christian times, and are therefore preaumably home-grown. Till then we must' bo content to bo more puzzled than Solomon, of whose judgment, hero is another more Chinese version. A oertain workman had a very good-looking wife, and they loved each other tenderly. But whito dogs in China are often sad dogs ; and, moreover, have sometimes tho power of J taking what hum»u Bhapo they like. So a walkod into his liouBe. Fortunately, he h&d; miscalculated the time; for, just as ho entered, the real husband returned, and the wife was thrown into a very piteous dilemma. Which was her husband alio could not for tho lifo , of her make out. So she did as a sensible Chinese woman would — made them both go with her to the mandarin's yamfin. But the mandarin was just as puzzled as tho wife, tho two men wore bo exactly alike. Fortunately, however there was in tho yanidu a most convenient tierer whioh never would touch men, but was accustomed to feed on dogs. Knowing, therefore, tha villainous ways of white dogs, the magistrate ordered both tho self styled husbands to be put into tho tiger's cage. The tiger at once flew at and devoured the dog, and the woman got. her real . husband baok ; and they wont off, praising the magistrate's wisdom. Here, is the Chinese Penefopo. Pakli ahi was a restless spirit always longing for adventure. ,, He married and had a son, and then disappeared, and was away more than thirty years, rising, meanwhile, to bo Prime Minister iu a neighbouring state (tuis was in tho days whon China was a group'of kingdoms). One day his son saw a proclamation Bigued Pak-li:shi, and told his mother, who was reduced to be a wanderinff needle- wnman. Thov nn-rnnd to go and see what tho likeness of name might mean, , aud when they got to tho capital of tho kingdom, tho mother . turned ballad- Bingor, and scraped acquaintance with the great man's servants. Thoy told her that tnoir master was subjeot to fits of low spirits through the loss of .his family, which he had beon for .years unable to find. She persuaded them to let her try it her songs would soothe him, .improvised a touching ballad, waa reoognised, and tbey were happy ever after. - 