ODD NOTES. , BY A.. BOHEMIAN., lastweok that the Frozen Meat Steam "Berries' would' be .all right, andrit has turned out sal said. Tho, contract is to .be finally •latifled on Tuesday next, and then.the trans-: continental railway soheme, on the "systfiii 'of 'genefotu land grente, has to- be-~corapIetcd with the 11 powerful syndicate" of which we heard eo much four,- months ago—after .which it does not matter very much who has ' the management of tho affairs of tho colony. They1 cannot possibly go very far off the trash marked out. What surprises mo moro than anything else is Jhat Griffith and some .other members of tho Opposition should persist ..fit refuting to look at these twin projects in the proper light, and talk about the necessity for all sorts of precautions being taken against dis honest speculators swindling the colony, and. that sort of rabbleh. Of course the colony will be .swindled, but - then' somebody will be. benefited. As , Maorossan pointed out on Tuesday night lost, tho United 8tates ot America bad been. victimised Tight and left by tho railway syndicates and Jaod "rings," but tho oountry lmdprospered, and therefore wo could not do hotter than fol low in the samo track. Baron Krlangor was a ** smut" man of business, and there were other smart men of business both in Europe and out lu those colonies here, and wo must expect to only,come off second best in bargains with them; but that is no reason why bargains should not bo made with thorn Of course it is ®ot! I wonder who aro to be our local Barons Erlanger, James Finks, and smart' mon who, will beoomo millionaires by these undertakings? It will bo a grand feathor in tho cap of Quoons (snd—tho youngest of British colonics—to bo State! o£ Amorica as 0 Or gigantio speculations, railway rmgs, nod all that sort of thing. | While the other Australian coloniea are AA' a **-nvaauau UUIQD1CB BXB plodding along at a anail.'a pace, adding to eir population (ini developing their industrial resources in the old humdrum British fashion, l and hampered at every step by the democratic I tendencies of the people they nre collecting to« gather to Bottle in their midst, Queensland, by tho aid of smart men of business, like those who have been suoh a blessing to the United States, will be saved from all disturbing influences from any euch causes, and will become the paradise of a grand landed aristocracy, with only a fringe of plebeian settlers on the coast lands just sufficient to {lay the ta±c8; Bbt Griffith don't seem to see the thing in this roseate light. How is it likely P He does not approve of the isteol rails contract, although M'llwiaith, Palmer, MaoroBsnn, and nearly every pro. . minent member of the Ministerial party ] have declared . over and over again in tho House that it was a perfectly fair and legitimate transaction, and M'Eacbarn has told the Hemmant Petition Committee iwhat a good' thing it has been for hia firm. Neither does he approve of the freight arrange ment,, although the Ministry and their sup porters are ready to applaud it to the Bkies as a triumph of 'business tact and judgment on the part of oer representatives in London. The simple fact fa that the Leader of the Opposition has no more " speculation in his eycB" than Banquo's ghost, and.Is altogether out of place in our present Legislative Assembly. The sooner he dries hp the better. To think that he should object to . Baron Erlanger, simply because he kaa successfully conducted two or three, of the biggest financial swindles of modern times! That, when rightly considered, is his.chief recommendation. It shows he is a " smart " man of bnsiness. Munioipal institutions have always been re garded as the nursing mother of representative self-government in the slate. Embryo legislators have in the Munioipal Council the opportunity of properly developing their powers; and rate payers, through the exercise of their munioipal rights and: responsibilities, acquire that public spirit and- 'sense of public duty which hest: qualifies them for the performance of the more important functions devolving npon them aa free and independent voters and loyal subjects of a self-governing community. Naturally enough this kind of self-government, in the municipality and in the state, acts and re-aots upon the persona engaged in conducting it. The Legislative Assembly sometimes adopts | very much of the tone and character of the Mu nicipal Council, and on the other hand munioipal I oonncOs are apt to copy the manners, language, and customs of the Legislative Assembly. This, as I learn from a correspondent, is what j hae been noticed recently in a municipality in ! the central division of the colony. There i is a town reserve there, on which every resident stockowner '-is allowed , to tnrn fifty bead, of stock. The council met a few weeks ago and passed a resolution to the..effect that each member of tho oounci] should b6 allowed to tum on tho reserve SO more than the rest of the residents. This very simple, reasonable, and moderato proposal was not received by some of the townspeople with that hearty approval which might have been oxpeetod. On the contrary, it was objected to by some of tho more ignorant and selfish of the townspeople, and was even donounced by one: of the aldermen who did not happen to own more than fifty head of stock. The oonse quonco was that a public meeting was called to j consider tho subject. At the meeting his ■Worship the Mayor was asked to preside, or took the.chair without asking, and the proceed ings commenced. It was a most interesting meeting, from all I can learn, being conducted in strict accordance with the rules of parlia-1 mentary debato recently adopted in our Legis lative Assembly. Tho alderman, who was in tho minority in tho council, got up and ox plained what had been decided upon by the conncil. His Worship politely interjected, in the purest Anglo-Saxon, that the alderman addressing the meeting wsb a sanguinary porvorter of the truth, and' a demoniacal mis repressnter of foots. Tho alderman said the Mayer was "a gentleman," which was un'der stoodbytheaudienoetobeironical. Other speak ers addressed tho meetingin homely hot vigorous phraseology, telling the mayor what they thought of him and the resolution arrived at by the council, and his replica were coached in tho same terse, idiomatio style. Then a reso lution was moved, condemnatory of tho action of tho council, and duly seconded, but the chairman told the audience that he would toe them ail in tho abodo of tho Prince of Darkness before ho would put suoh a motion as that, and instantaneously adjourned the meeting tine liu. It appears that at the meeting of the council at which the unpopular resolution was passed, tbe key of tho book-press was mislaid, and the minutes had to be taken on a loose eheet of paper. When it was found that tho motion about tho fifty hoaid of stook was so voty unpopular, tho clerk and some of tho uhlermon mot quiotly on tho Sunday morning during church timo and toro up tho paper containing tho minutes. How very parliamentary—eh ? J A rather curious case' has. bean tried in the old country, according to the. papers just ; to' hand by the mail:— Ci t mdarmilnate, James Boginald Nash, was l_alCv6a befoW iiatoh Pollock for perjury, the charge boinft that on April 29th ho falsely eworo that an undergraduate friend had not been in Jesus Lane, where a carman complained «f them as pullinz tho covering off hia cart, which was passing down the lane. Tho oath waa taken to scrcon tho friond from prosccation, ana the jury dociilod that it was falsely taken, but recommended tho young man to mercy, on the ground that " he had not fully considered tho sanctity of an oath." Mr. Baron i'ollock accordingly committed the offender to prison for & month with out hard labour, stating that ht agreed with the jury that Iho prisoner had not fully considered tho sanc tity of an oath. This rather tiokles mo. Tho late Jobn Stuart Mill usod fco say that " the working classes of all countries lied—It being the vice of tho slave caste—but English working-men alone were ashamed of lying!" I believe this to bo true. My experience also loads mo to the conclusion that educated men of a much higher' social position than tho labourer aud artizan do not invariably possess that fine sense of honour and chivalrous regard for fact which is popularly supposed to bo the distin guishing obaraoteri&tica; of an English " gen tleman." I have inown, in my time; men, 7?ho had the whitest of hands,. woro the finest of broadoloth, spoke the most grammatical and' correctly ao:ented English, and whose names were good at the bank for mora pounds than 1 mine ii ever li&aly; to. be for farthings—who would, just as soon toll a lie as the truth—if not sooner—so long aa it served their purposo for the moment. < And these men had not the same regard for an oath in a court of justice as the half educated or wholly . ignorant generally have. But this is the first time I re member an educated gentleman, a gra duate of ' a university being excused for perjury, on thB ground that he had.not fully considered tho sanctity of an oath. Because, it muBt bo remembered that this young ariito orat, did not commit the perjtiry on the impulse | of the moment. It was the day after the event took'place that-Mr. Hash went coolly and deliberately to a court of justice and swore to . .what he knew to be utterly false. And a learned judge and twelve jurymen agree in thinking that he was not deserving of mnoh punishment, because he did not quits understand the nature of an oath. How would it have been with a young blacksmith or earpenter who had been found guilty of snch a crime ? The chances are ten thousand to one' that it would never have occurred to the ju?y to urge such a plea for him. Truly this is a mad. world, my masters! The British lifeboat man is, I suppose, the most perfect incarnation of simple,' noble, self sacrificing courage and fortitude that has ever been witnessed upon this earth in ancient or modern times. At the call of duty, and to save the lives of fellow-cr eat urea who are utter strangers to him, he neyer hesitates a moment to place his life in the most imminent risk, never seems to stop to consider anything about his own life in fact, although he hai sweetheart or wife, and may be children, who ate very dear to him, and who will be left helpless and friend less if he is snatched away. With a stout, manly heart, and a bravery that does not know snch a word as fear, he takeB his place in tho lifeboat in ntter defiance of the fiercest storm that ever rages, and puts out to sea to carry a line to a sinking ship or piok np the struggling enrvivors of the wreck. And when it is all over, if he lives to get baok to shore, although he may have per formed prodigies of valour, he does not seem to think that he has done more than it waa hia plain and simple duty to do, namely, rescue human lives and maintain the credit of the boat and crew to which he belongs. Yes, I am clearly of opinion that tho Deal life-boat man is about the highest type of herb that has yet been developed, although ho wears very ooarse arid shabby clothing, lives in a wretched hovel of a cottage, knows nothing of grammar and the correct pronunciation of words, and hopelessly flounders in the spelling of any word requiring more tban ■ three letters. But tho Newcastle (Now South Wales) lifeboatmm does not ap pear to belong to the same breed, nor anything like it. I'am free to admit that he wears better clothes, is better educated, better housed and fed, and regards himself as an altogether superior sort of person to the Deal man. But when there is any thing like a storm raging, and a ship ia in distress off Nobby's, he does not take his boat out to try to resoue the captain, crew, and any passengers who may be on board. No, he. simply lets them get to shore in the best way they can, or drown before his eyes in broad daylight, as was the case last week with the crow of the Susannah Goiefroy. I do not »ee anything to be proud of in belonging to a lifeboat crew like that. Certainly you are not liable to get your clothes wet nor your boat injured, and there is no possibility of getting drowned—but I oannot ate where the heroism oomes in. A DAiKTOUt near Philadelphia is so sensitive that he can't touoh a pump when a cow is looking at him. A young man has sent us a very touching poem entitled, "Will you learn to love mo when I'm gone ?" Wo I'un't promiso that; but wo'U bet you a gold mino that you 11 loarn to hato us if you ovor oomn arouud hero with another poem like that.— -Burlington uawMy*. 