TilE ELECTION FO ARGYLE. T70O XOrATION, Os Monday Iet a meeting of the eloctors of Argyle was held at Crookw~rell for the purpose of nominating two candidates to represont them in the ensuaing .iarlianent. The day was a beautifully fine oone, buht a very etrong Wind was blowing, which, owing to the meeting being held in the open air, rendered it very disagreeable both for the speakers and hearers, as the voices of the former could hardly be hoard by the latter. About one hundred and fifty electors had assembled by noon, a goodly proportion of them coming from Goulbnrn, Mai~alan, Isggan, Binds, and other townships in the electorate, This assem. blage was much smaller than was anticipsted, it having been thought that the temperance-hall would have been too small to hold all who should have come together on nomination day, and there fore hustings were erected about fifty yards from Mr. Worrall's residence. As noon approached the little groups of electors scattered here and there over the township, disussing the ehances of their favor ite candidates, began to make for the common centre-the hastings. Here some amusement was created by a joke which some Crookwellite haed indulgedo in, namely, a poor innocent bear meekly sitting on the top of a pole erected near the hastings, and underneath him a placard bearing the words "vote for a native." Many were the quiet jokes made at this poor bear's expense, and questions such as "who shall be in the bear's place on Friday next ?" were asked. Shlortly aftcr twelve o'clock the returming.ofilocr, Mr. J. T. Oannon, the candidates, and their pro posers and seoonders ascended the hustings. Mr.' Gannon then fead the adcertiseinment calling the electors together, the,writ appointing the days of nomination and electiaon, ~and the Gazette notice appointing him returning-officer. Ho said he had to congratulate them on account of Crook well being considered of so much importance that it should be appointed the place at which to hold the nomination. He regretted that they had such a boisterous day. To make matters more comfortable he had kept back the nomination a few minutes and had arranged with Mr. Worrall to 'open the temperance.hall for the purpose of having the nomination there; however some objec. tion was made to going there, so not being dis posed to keep them waiting any longer, he would com mence an the open air. He had intended to limit the candidates to time, but some of them refused to ho limited or could'not agree as to the limitation; so he would leave it to their own good sense. Five candidates had paid him the £40 deposit and he did not know how many more intended doing so. He proposed to limit the proposers and seconders to five minutes each,and his desire was to have limited the candidates to half-au.lhour each, which would have kept them listening to speeches from twelve o'clock to nearly four, which ho thought was a very liberal time to give them (hear, hear); but some of them objected. Haoll her made another appeal .to the candidates, some of whom would not consent to a limitation, so he appealed to the audienco and acked them how long they thought the candidates should speak. Somo said twenty minutes, others half-an. hour, and a few three.quarters of an hour; but to this the candidates would not connont, so thIe ro turning-ofllser said if the candidates would not consent they (the electors) would have to listen to them as long as they liked. lo wouhld next call upon the proposers and ecConders of the candidates in the order that he thought they had been an. nounced. He callid upon the proposer and seconder of Mr. John Walsh. (Checrio.) Mr. J. B. Morgan said le would not occupy tlhcir time. He would Himply propope fornnally "that Mir. John Waloh is a fit and lroper picron to represoont the electorate of Argyle in the enouing parlio.ent." (Applause.) Mr. Francis (Gilnmartin of Leagai had much pleasumr in secondilng the nomination, Mfr. S. Cox junior J.I'. aid hie was tivre to noni. nate oa untive, andrl wioshed to impress on thrum the nocesity of returning a native. 1Ie did not need to rotor to Mr. Iloydon's abiliti?n, an that gntleoman had appeared beolro theom on lrovious occoaious. They had their own interecte to look after, and they were aware that a pledge wa I mado (olme two or throo years ago by tllhem as cleclors anl farmers, and now was the time for puttillng that pledge inl forceo. leturn a man who t would look afoter their wants, nud there was no doubt that Mr. Iloydon had the ability to do so. A great deanl hotl been mid during thie contesat on tile matter of religion; lint he anid leave theseo thlings alotne and go in for an iude pelndent and hionest candidtato who wotld look arter their interests. (Cheers.) It might be said that Mr. HIoydon wan a stranger in the district; but Iheo had got proetty wmell klinowln now, and before ithe poll ing.day he hoped he woultd be still better known, and that overy o0e of hin friendo would rally roultd himn and return hIlim at the head of thile poll. (Cheers.) Io hald much pllouur ill proposi1ng tlhat Mr. L. F. Hioydon is a lit and proper person to re presont the electorate of Argyleo ill the onsuing par lilament. Mr. John Brodcrick bogged to Heocond the reoolu. thion. HIo did so from a conlviction that Mr. Iloydon 0was not only a good man, but (on1 of thle bent that thely could rotturnl. lThey had all t eonll Itis address and leottersl on the interest question, and they had heard him speako on thle same topilcs, and from what ithey lhad eon and heard, it mlst be allowed that Mr. HIoydon was a gentlen an who could botih speak and write. Their duty in roturninlg a oanlldidato to represent them was to lookl to principles and not to men. (Apl,lauso.) Mlr. T. MnI rdon haid also to propose a native,. and one who wae not i stratlger to tlonm--ono whomi thely had kllown for tlll or elevenU years--one who ihad talton an active part inall maltters whichl would beinfit the district ad t111e farmers genoerally. Ito might just skeltch what Mr. MIvers had delt0( for the diatrict. IIo lhad oldoavoured to tartt a toweedl. faetory in Goulburn. (A vico: That' wrollng.) ILO founded and manangedl one of tho beet buildilng nooieties out of Sydney. (A voice: That'o gone broke,) lie had helpe(d to form a farm!r' iulnion, whioch lhad done a great deal of good. IIo oudea. vored to gcet a frcozi(g.room for (Gollburn in whlich thety oouldt have l1pt their dairy produce uutil they got a market lor it, withoi t itl going lad on tlheir hando. Ieo was lagainst Chinceso labor. Hoe was a Otnulch l1 oplqortcr of tile piublc ilnstrution act. Hie did l(not only ( y ay he wouhli give t(he act a fair trial, but hie will strenulOusoly oplll(oo any opposition to the net no it at p~resont exists. Sueing the vervicell which Mr. Myor, Ih1a1 reIered foarero il t1e p(ast, it woul0 be vory ungrlatoel if tllhey wore low( to for eake him( ; aud lie tr(usted that wllen tllhey nsaw the ballot.papern before tlheul o( Friday inext, lwhat over other inles tlhely ran tlheir pens through, tlhey woul leave till nalelo of MIr. Myers (untono1hed. (Iear, Ilhear.) IIo proposed that Mr. P. G. Myoro ll a fit anld proper person to rol.r0es(1t the electo. rate of Argyle inl the celnnuing llparliament. Mr. Jan. WVorrall aid 11he had peLrformIeod many pleasing dlti( in Ili tilae, 1(ut 1 lever a more ploaa. ing onf 001O that o1 se13co0(dilaig thu 1nomlinalitionl (If Mlr. Myero (1 a lit slid proer Iorolln to I11 tilleir r,. presoentative ill parliamllelit. is wa((s a 1native, audl he hail youth alld energy enl his sidi ; n(11 whateaover hIe mighlt 1pr1linll, tlhat wohl heIl cari1' oult to tile lutmosl(lt letlor. (or te1 or e(e0n year( they at himllle f had luon c01 vl( rna0unl withll Mr. Myers, andli had found him to Ie a man who took an active part iln overy, tlliig that 1(had (oon for the goold of Ool. burn llnd diotriet. JIo wallI a Inll of energy ((ud principlo. It wal nolt olpSt(itiion thllt iwould ma0o1 IMri. Mlyors tllll tail to the storml; btult if thlere were a tlloulsald agailnt him he wouldtl in tie long r1n crrry olt what lIe foIlght for iIl the faco of Ill oppo oition. Long lelforr a0(y 0all1'lv(3 folr the fpr(senlt lcolion took ltlaco, Mir. A?yeros " 1 wal worlking for tle intllor.lt oIf tliat ldistlrict c1ad for thle g(ood of the flarllcrnl, and nlow hle wanlted their 0(lnllort. lie be lieved tile lloctors of Argyle wollld give Mr. Myoro their nlllpport and (place hllm at thle head of hel poll on ]Frilday next. (ChIert.) Mr. Gainon next calloed upon thle proponor and eccondor of Mr. Conolly; but that gontloman claimed the right of boing nominated laInt. iMajor HIolborow alno claimedl the right of hling lot, ao hlo hlad been the loot caldildato in theo field. Mr. Gaunon dioidcd that Major IHolborow roi o ieposod af(er Mr. Conolly. Mr. John IIoward hoadmuch plhoianI io prponlnig Mr. William Conlolly n o no tof tlhe mmbero for Argylo. I11o had inoveoral roxlaonln for dloing o. hI1 winh a mIan with whom they were all well iacquaintted; a lan inl whom they oolldl remoso conflidoco; a lan iiof ability anld trliiing integrity; a Ian 1ho hail pilodgod hinolf ulnato advocat heir intcrouts only upion principle. IIo contended that Mr.Conolly waoe a gonlltlinain lleho ]llow thoir circulmllloaio antd reoqll'remlelts botter than anly otlor candidat, in tie fiehld. HI Rowa well awaro that n good deal of oppo. ition hlad hioon birollghlt to belar i this oloctorato, and piornoll hand iboon trying to mnlo thom belioevo tihat MIr. Conolly itood no chano of being olooted. Bhut ouch oIppolition lind not oomo fromn Mr. Conolly'e frioends. (lear, hoar, nod laughter.) It hadl coulo fromn thono who wiehod to defeat Mr. Conolly and put theolr own man in, He oontended that Mr. Conolly was the best man in the field. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) They had known Mr. Conolly for years and knew him to be a man of whom no honest man need be ashamed. Se would be sur. prised if his sentiments were not the sentiments of the whole of the electors of Argyle. He had much pleasure in moving that Mr. William Conolly is a fit and proper person to arpresent the electorate of Argyle in the ensuing parliament. Mr. James Bray had much pleasure in seconding the motion. He hed known Mr. Conolly for twenty three or twenty-four years-since he first came to GouIburn--snd he had always fountd him to be ar thorough bueines man. Mr. Conolly wras no chicken when he arrived in Goulburn. (A voice: Hlie is an old hen now.) IIe hasl a mature1 mind ; and when became to Goulburn he was an elderly man, up in years, and consequently now he has a matured mind and ought to make a good member. Hlie had much pleasure in seconding the nomination of his friend Mr. Conolly. Mr. Isaac Shepherd, who was received with cheers. said it gave him very great pleasure in being there to present a gentleman to them and in nominating him as a member of parliament for the electorate of Argyle in the enslingr parliament. Hle felt great pleasure in doing so because he endorsed the whole of the gentleman's opinions both political and other wise as rexpressed by him. As far as hle had been able to judge, and his experience was not very limited, he had been in thie district over thirty years and had not been very unobservnut during that time, the principles enunciated by Major IIolborow were for their interest; and if he went into parliament and carried out wslat he said hre would they would find that their interests would be greatly advanced. They must send soene person to parliament whoso views are not uncertain. Very mnany que?tions were to be brought beflore Ilarliamsent whlich would cause discussion and require very staunch supplorters, and he thought in senuding in Major Hollorow to parlia ment they were sending one there who would not betray the trust reposed in him. (Crier of "Hlie is a froo-trader and equatters' man.") HI wcent in to sup port the interests of the public geoncrally, and if lihe did so he must support theirs. (Cheers.) Supposing Major Holborow is a squatter's man, what about it ? Which was the must impolrtant interest in the country ? Who produced thire most wool in the colony ? They would find Major IHolborow a selectoro' man. Mr. Jar. lIendereon had nlucl pleasure in second ing the nomination of Major IIolborow. ie was a young man, and a.man of means, and would do everything he possibly could to further their inter ests. Mr. Walsh, who was cheered as lie appeared bo fore thie electors, said lie waos niot a squatters' man; he would begin with that. (IIear, hear.) He hlad ever been, and hoped he over would ie, a friend of the workinig-man. (Iieo.r, hear; and " you are tIhe man for us.") Theci men who had been returned for Syduny were all isen who were opposed to the re mnission of interest and protection, and woreo froee. traders to tie backisbone (lhear, hear, and " Irecetrade for us" ) ; they wers men lwho lhad done their bost to get all the goods and wealth of the colony to go to Sydney. Under these circumstances it was necessary that pcesopln in country constitulencies should elect rnien whom they could really rely on ; men whom they could pick out Itroem amongst thlemselves, not men brought from tie other ard of tihe country. Pick out rmeU from among trhemselves, and if they could rely on them and believed that they would serve them, then elect them. lHe was in favor of thie remission of interest on trhe balance due on free-seolections, because it was necessary for the advantage of thire people th th thel y slsould lhave it. It might be said it eould niot be done, that thire matter could not be touched. It tirhe peope icol were deter mined there was nrothing that could not be touched; lbut if they were luko-warm ard allowed menc to come ill afrisongi t themlln and sow seeds of discord they wouls be in danger of being mrisrepresentedl anrd they deserved it. Hie would niot claim, Ile woul nriot take thie votes of ipeole wiho swould be-so rIrean tor temsiluvOei--(a Voice: You will want all yo caun goet); and if Ihe got but a dozen -(a voice: You'd loose your £40. Laughter)-rho would be satisfied then. (A voice: Yeou would be last on tire poll.) Noverl mindi, head or tail, rhe wohuld be somerowhelre. (Laughiter.) HIo wasr in favor of a reduction of thie railsway rates. There wemoro mrlno remrarikablo things aboult those railway rates. Thlero was a man il Tarmsgn who sent five tons of potatoes to Syrdney, there to ie sold by aruction, and they dtid nrot fetcb enoughr to pay thie oexpenoses, and hie was billed for £2 10/- by the Sydney nuotioneer to ipay expensoes. He knew of another man in Auburnsrtreet, Goulburni, ewho bought potatoes for 30/. a ton and ire sent five or aic tons of them to Sydneoy and they just cleared thie expouenses of the auctioneer and thie carriag to Sydnoy; but the produce mrchrrinrt lost his 30/- per ton. That was an inrstarnco of how thie people of the couutry allowed thie rich to make rates to suit tlemsolves and to suit thire districts, Ricnehmoud andi Windsor, just to got thoir produce cheap to Sydney. He kuoew persons swho had tons and tons of potatoes in their pits, and they lhad offered thorem to people to take them away to feed their pigo weith. In Sydney there wore piles of pirorduce froem Tasmrania, Victoria, and Now Zeslandl, and our own produce has to be in tile ground and rot and thire produce in Sydnoy rose upii like a groeat wall. That was froee-trade. If tlle farmers of thie colony weore niot protected what would be thie consequence? HIo did niot wishi to raise tho tows against thie country or the country against tihe towns; but lre could not leut his eyes to facts. Hie lind known saddlers whro have employed many men in thie piroduction of saddles who had had to distnise these molla, and why? Hoie could tell them why. Becain e thie farmeors of thie couutry and in tihe neighbourhlood of Ooulburrn had been so prcsserd by not getting a pirice for their produce tiat they havo not been ahlo to liuy saddles. As long as tire people were not able to soll their prodruco they will never be ablu to do anythling. IIo was a protectioniit. IIo did not deny it; hie was niot ashamedr of it. IIe hnad bIeeoon a protseclionist over since he caime to tile colony, and hei would rnever be anything eloe, because ie thorght that thie prodruce wsiich carro into tile colony which they counl produce tlhemselves sihould Io taxed slightly to provent our own people fromn being ruiled. Hie was opposed to thie tax oen wool and coals. If any tax was t io be rceorted to hie did niot thinkl that was tile sort. It should fall upon property, and tihe property which slhruld Ir taxeds was that which was heild for miles bIy one individual, and tihe man who holds a very small hIoldinig should not beo taxed. By thin means they wouslr provent land monopoly. Why should not thie people insist on tile government putting a tax on tile absernt.on who obtained such a largo amount of roevenuo fromn the landc of Australia, and whro lived in thie old country or elseowhere as princes. WhIIy should iot thely piay a certain proportion of thie rburdon borno bIy tihe pioor a thie colony? (HIoar, risar.) He was iopposed to thie iutrodnolion of Chineso. If comothing was not done to prevent them comning to our shores tliy would swamrp us. Io was in favor of ther Educrationr Act. (Chceers.) Throvwerse men whos had oven tried to mhkl them holiove hie was niot iu favor of tile iPubilio lustruction Act. He would not say they weore enomrios; biut lh wvould say they woro falos min. There wars no man siwho Ilad thie irnterets of' leducation moro at heart tlhan hIe inad. Hoe. clrimed a right to Ilavo a ns.y in the edncation of thie youth who were to be the future rrulors of thie colohy. HIIo wsn not opposed to the rliblio schools which hrad Ioon establishod in country pilaccu. Siomno people had nasid " Walsh will pull down your echools if you put him in." Wnalshnrver hulled dorwn anything hio is desirous to bhild up. (Clom.) IIo never wecnt backr on hisn principles. (Cheor.) If ihe only got threo votes hie would stand to them. (Choeusa.) All hoad vor oaid was this, thalt it was well rknown it would bie impossible to ss tablishl donomlinationsI schools in the country dis tricts, but hie would leave the denominational schools which weere in fair working order in tihe cities, and lot thom comply with the regulartions of the government. After further reference to the edu cation question Ihe said he hoped that on Friday they would do their duty and put in ths two boheat mon--mon whomn they could rely on, and who would carry out what they said. Not man who amne there aud whomrn they thought would say one tlhing to get their voto and thSn do another thing behind their bace. lIe hopeld that whethelr Ihe was defeated or not hIe would never tlhinl any thie worse of them under all aircumrstaneos, (Cheoro.) Str. L. F. Iloydoi, who war resolved witI elaoors, said ile would show them orino of thie reasoln why they should record their votee in hiin farvor, They sere a country conrtituonoy arnd they wanted to have their rights rsoprsentedl in parliarmant; hIe woerld show tlrhem that in the parit their riglhts had not heon rqrereasnted. Hio would prove to ithem that the coiuntry had hoon governed by two olanrreso, the Syd noy mercharnts and thie qlnattors. (lIearor, Ihear.) Hoe would nhow th thethat while thlle colony hlad on tho wholo increased about fifty peor cent, ovary class ncept two lhad gore backl or sloo:l still. lie theun proceedod to quoto ststintion proving his assnorlion. iHo then demonstrated the foot that while ioather, wdollen, candle, and seoap 'factories could have fiaourishocd in the colony owing to tlh raw nmaterial being producel in the country insteadl of doing so they ha? all gone bIacki:. (A voice: " We want pro tection.") While theeo industries had not flour'ished thie manucfatlorie, of c;ugar and the growing of tcibaicc hod, becauie thycse articles were slightly pro tected. ALain, lwhile the cquactity of lanI taken up from the crown lcd largily incrcmee l of late years, yet the number of plcrons on the laud ,had fallei off. In 1878 there were 40,00I0 hIolders of land, while in 1880 there v'eirL only309,000, although mlore laudh lad beecn taken up. This proved that theC class of small farmers was falling away while thie great monopolies of the eluattcr were beincg toncouraged. Tihe free selectoro lived on 1.,00(J0,00.9 acres, tlie sqluatters on 170J,000,000. Thie fro?melectors did not cultivate the whole of their laud, they, could not ocl account of thie railway rates; they therfore, like thie squatters, run sheep and cattle on their land, and where thlcere. fore they uneed ithe laud for ihe same purpose as the squatter, thie free~-;electcrs for tiheir 11,000,000 acres paid £200,000, while thle squeattcrs for their 170000,000 paid only £150,000. The squatter had the best of it. Again, thie Sydney merchants and others who had an interest in Sydney advocated the extension of branch raileayv, bIecacus they benefited Sydtney by so doing; but if hIe were to try to get a tramway to Crool:neil, there awould be a great fuse made about it, and it would be said it was not necessary, just biclacse it woclcd not benefit Sydney, while it would benefit thie coutry throiugh which it passed. What was thie rason thalt tihe one class ihad prospered lwhile the otcher clasns hiad gone back: ? Sinmply because thie clasa which hIs prospered had thie mcniicg of tic laews (hioer, hiear, and chceers). They hal Icrd the inr!l:cccg of the lawc long enough. Let themr (Ils hearers) thl.c be true to themselves andt return men who would be true to tiheir interests. If ile were returnced an one of their uembhers, cand hce ihoped he woueld bo, hu nould tell them vchat he would do for them. He womaould cic giv le n 5ome Rneasnre of protection if Ile could, lie would reduce thle freigchte by ralilay by one-half. lifc would stop auction sales. He would remit incterest on conlditional IIpurchases. People talked about rlucdiatioin. Did not Sydnley have a debt of over £71,000 bIlottcied out? and was not that repudiationi ? They were tld they would not got the remission of intcerest; it wasn crying for the moon. (Laughtcer, acd " boo.hoo ! ") He referred at length to ipast uctterances of Sir H. Parkes in whcih hIe favoroed thie remission of interest. Thcey could not explect to get a thing unless tchey asked for it; thlcerefore tlcey should be careful to return men whlo woult look after their interests and miake lnown what tchey cwanted. Thie money spent on tramway, &c.;, was thie cpublic mconey cand belonCged to every man in tbc coilocny; therefore as tle poplen in thle country ldoubled tb peiople in Sydtcy, for every £1 speont in Sydneoy £2 sihoulc be spent in tile country. They wanted tio lawsi chancged, and if they clcoted hint their interestns would ie safe in hicl hands. In regard to thc education ccquestion, in hia pubililshed address lce said hIe woulc give it a fair trial. At Tiaralga ho was asked lwhat he considered a fair trial, and ile replied thallt by no vetn of his would a bill be introduccid during thie next three years and until lie waai again in thie Iands of thie electors of Argyle. (A voice: " Tihat's safe enough; you won't Ihave a chance to vote.") He would not interfere with tlhe Public lustruction Act. (A voice: " Then we wvon't be Tcpresentcd on that lquenstion ? ") He had been attacked, but hie never retaliated, and ile tlonught that thie man who cocld not ispeakc of hic opcponents without libolelling their clharacter was not lit to bIe returned. Hle woul niot mention ccname, becacuse if returned Iie might hlave to work with that man for their interests. He did not thiuk tie electors of Argyle wouhl macike a step in the tdarki. If they returned him hIe weaocld be true to thmllcn. He Ilntd an honorable ambnlition for himscelf to make in tie country of his birth a inameo of which his friendcs might be piroud, accd to dlo something to benefit his coultry. (Cheers.) Mr. P. G. Mlyers, who on apcpearing on tle Ilust ings was warmly aipplaudced, said iihe did not stand before tllcen as a squatters' clau, nor as a free. selctlors' man, neither as being connected with any lecago or organisation. (A voice: What about tlie orangemcccn a) ifs stood ac a free and ilndelcndcnt canudidato, soecking thie suffrages of free and indo. pendent electors. In regard to the land question, he was in favor of thie plresent land act, and thlought it eas a very liberal measuro. (A voice: For thie squatter.) Ho did not loliovo in tlie total abolition of interest. They talked of the squatters. They wer ie the largest free-selectors in the colony. They would bdnefit by the remission of interest. (Heacr, hoear, and " no they would not.") Ho believed in a conccssion. He thought thie government should allow the selector interest on his deposit of twenty five per cent. 'L'hen, instead of taling twenty.five years to pay off thoprincipal, it would take ninceteoon or twenoty years. That lwasl a concession tIhat would be granted, and it waso fair and hIonorablo and just. Thie land dlid not belong to us; it Iolonged to the aboriginnls Ieforo we got it, and we took it from tichem by force. Laws were thlie made, and it was rocolved to sell the land for £l1 per acre under cor tain conditions. In some parts of the colony tihe saelctors wera realizing large profits on their noleo tions. At Tomorn the selectors sell their land for oorsmocs cumcsc. The railway.rates mice required to be reduced. He haid studied this matter over since he wavs in Goulburn. The rmilway-.rates were too hIigh. If tie govcrnment were proepared to lose £77,000 a-year by thie post-ofice, simply becausnno it opened up channcels for commerce tlroughout the colony and allowed trade to flourish, screly they could do something with their railway policy; and instead of cmakicg their railvay policy pay, theby shocldc reduco thie rates, and tlnhs ecnable tihe farmers to git their produce to Sydnoy. Ho Ihad hoon strong on tihe scbject of protection over sinc Ie came to Goulburn. He nearly got sat oni in Goulbcru svon yearn ago for introducing thie subject. If they lookeld at Victoria they would soe how her mc.nu. factories lcad flourisheld. People macli a boast that thin in a fre.triade colony. Well, if thlat were the case, why didi tley protect certain local industrics? Kecrosoen oil, sugar, ropo.vwork, ppller cmanufacturo woro all prtotcted. In regard to the education qcostion, they know hie was a stiaunch csupporter of thie ulblic schcools act. Tloy Ihad bIoeen told tlhat thloro was no intention to interfero wcith the present I'lublio Instructlc ion Act. Ilcently, at the election forElast Sydnesy, all orgacnisatiou w?cs got cIc to iprovent Sir Hii. Parkes from Icingi returned bce casoe hie thoughct the Pulblic Instrcction Act was a noble act. Thcere was some danger of thie PcIlic Iontriction Act being ilntrerfered with. (A voice: It was forced on us.--Auother: Don't listen to himn.) After a locglthy reforoueeo to this question, hIe said they aclreadly kncw hIis views, and Ihe wasv not a strcanlger to thecl, and heI thoulght hie Ihad dlone olnc thicg .to giaic thIeir silpport. [Io haid always dono his blst to benefit thie district gonerlally. iiHe loped his fricdsi would stand to himi and he1lp to got him, if not ct thie hIoad of thcopoll at least second. 1It re forred to his accident at l Gudndary Creok. Therc hes saild by struggling to thie top of one of the polls of thcefoeoe hce saved hin lcor'so,bicugy, anmd seat; and lie took that as.a good oms n tlhat he wccul nsave his i seat in, plrliaimcet. (Laughter.) 11o llhopct they cwoulid' be staunclh and tr'o, and bring their frionds tvot~el for himn at this lccetioc. Ho wan c icitivoe; iet was proud of his country, and ile Ilopld tlhey wsoonld give him an opportunity of malting his country proud of him. MAl; Conolly then addressed thi electors,, and said he loolhoc ons overy face arocccd him cand saw a friend. He saw ncnongst tlor mIon hie haid knownc silces he came to, tlas icstriot, now twenty-six years ago. lie had mbsot proposed by one of their inost ao!ive frec-ocalotorse, Mr. IHoward, a man who has tihe confidence of those wio l;know hiin very well, and a ucna who wcllt for incilcipleo and ilot for:oosttlicraisclU. leo hadl thie advantage of beincig secondei d by Mlr. lray, who hadci been acmongst tlelnc for ca nunlber cf years, and hIu was proud to say there clal nco lncll more rcspolecotlod ini (hroocwill tclc Mlra. ray. Mr. Bray or cMr. IHoward woulc not ray cuythinig of a man they did not believo. If it cwas not that he was tiho secondor of another andidlato hie would have boon neeonded by lMr. BIrodorick, another true mcan, whom he was happy to say wao working ihard for him, andc thlcroforec for tihe good ocf his nccighbcoure mnl for thie good of his oecctry. IMr,. Brciy Icad knowc in him for twenty-four years, had told thlem tlhct hie was a aan of lnature jdglmont, anld strctange to say whnoec he e ecco tc thie dilstrict twonty.-nix yearo ago hle wns just thie age of ir. Heydon, who Ihadl given hil egs anosthirty-two. Althoughlc cslonon nixty years of agoer holadi more strcnccthl tchan most people, as well as Ihaivilg thie advantage of ponsesning .a matoured mind. lis matured mind hie Ihoped would be of advmntacgo to them and to the colony. He had watclhed politics nntil he theoroughly undorstood what thie polple rsqccircd. Onn of tie tihingc ho onw thie coiuntry w anted was a now land cnot, and he wav icrocld whocn Sir J;olce lobortson pansedl his land not in 1881. It was slid of hiim (thle sleiaker) by a worllthy and good man now gone to his hone thact he cioull niever udiorstand hIow it was tliat moat gentle. men wlhen they came to Australia turned such great radicals. He sypokeo of Bir John IRobertson's land a-et, and said that in it there were two great mistalce. One was that Sir John Itebertsoo did not s5e the necesoity for any finality in the act. If twenty years had been named, they would not have isavl all that trouble about the remieian of intere~t now. He was not prepsred to ray that indiscriminate free. celection had not worl:el well. It was not now working well and sometnifing re.!uirei to be done to remedy it. IIe racepted sll the statitlws given by MIr. H!eydon and weald not weary his hearers by re. peating them. Ide referr:ed to ~;iuattrls haritug runs on lease, and aid that thev would requiro further information on the eubject I.fore they could decide what the amounts of the rents Eshould be. That muceh.maligncd body, the free-selectlors, and their represontativee in the conference gave the most emphatic lie to the caluanlies ttered by Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Tom (Garrett. He might stand there that day after being known to them for twenty-six years and say Ihe would be ashamed to stand there and compare hIis morality with that of those gentlemen. irf. Garrett was the first to throw the stone at them. Sir Henry Parkews worked so tlhat he might appear well with the merchants of Sydney. He might tell Sir Henry Parkes that if he never raised a greater ghost tlan the Kianma ghost, he might rest satisfied. He would certainly tell Sir IHenry Parkes, if ie were returned, that he swas in much Lbtaler company with the free selectors of Argyle than rwith him as their premier in Macquarie-street. In last Saturday's papers he issued an addltress whlich emnbodid all his principles, and he trusted tlihat some of then tooki some paper andl hadl read what hIo said there. Some politicians told their consitituentsl tlhat they mnst inot do this and they must inot do that, becauses the prcsenut gov erinlent wotuld never allow tlhe. liHe for one would be very willing to give his ellupport to Sir Ilery P'aries, lwho brought in giood mieasures for them. lBut surely in the hIundred ail eight men who were to be retuired to pa:rliaoment they did not depend i on one man's birain to decide shich was rig-ht ftr the country. (Cheerls and hear, hear.) It hal been said we imust not allow this remnission of interest, because if thhey did the peoplle ,could suffer, and thie poor peollt in Sydney :ouhld have to pay what thela government were allowing tihe free selectiri. There wsas no necessity for that. Charge the squatters ra fair rental for their runa, and that would malee up for the remission of interest. The free-se?l-etors were in nio better position than govern ment tenants. What they wanted to do was to make the present selectors freelholdelrs. (Cheers.) [At this stage of the proceedings tlo na tive bear causo driowi from the top of the plle, lwhich some seuemed to thinkls an omen favouring canudidates lwho were not natives, and the attention of the electors was t5aken away from Mr. Conallly's address. Some persons witllh sticks, A-c., enIdeavoured to make his bearship ascend, when 3Mr. Conolly intrerfered and said, " let the bear alonae; hlie is tired of his position." Mr. IHoward then came forward, and in trying to urge thie bear up, overturned the piole, thlrowing the " nativ" to thie ground. Mr. Conolly cried " shame, shame." Mr. J. Jessop tises said to Mr. Conolly, "it is your own proposer who is alusing tihe boar." A wordy altercation ensiued bhtweien Mr. Jcssep and the candidate abouit Ir. Jessep not being an elector and about somelthinig which had been done to influence electors against Mr. Conolly. Peace being resatured,] Mr. Conolly said Iohe was a free-trader on principle if he could carry it out; but he had been watcthing tlhe c3lony for yeoars antd he saw thie strides V\'ictoria was akinitlg, anid hIo was sure there iould be a crash if they did not got someo sort of protection. (A voice: Flour must be protected.) iHe then proceeded to point out the advantages of temporary moderato protection. HIe would only makle protection last for threo years. He referred to the recent impost of 'd. per Iushell pitt on maize by thie Victorian3. He vwas inot afraid that hlie would get some reduction in the railway rates. They had raiway rates lower than tlwy wcre in the otlher colonies. Let them give tihe govercnmlent tlheir duo; tlhy had lowered the rates beforo and would do so again. IIe was opposoed to Chinese immigration and would vote in favour of a poll.ta,. HIe was in favour of ian absentee tax. Ite would like it to be pretty heavy, because the man who received hisi revenue front tihe colony shouldt pay hIis shasre of tle governmnt's ecxlenudituro. He regarded the wool and coal tax as very foolish. They must be careful what they did;t here wsould require to be a now tax before long and it might be iput on land. HIe had been a lover of the public schools all his lifo, and it was not correct to say that he was opposed to the Public Schools Act What, he had said was that the old systemu had been done away with too suddlonly. It was not ia wise discretion on the part of the minister, simply because strong words had boeen used, to carry by the imajority of the country being with hlim an act such as the Publio Instruction Act. In thre yesars tihe very man who carriod the act would be trying to amned it. Hr. Hoydon had saidl hle woild make no attempt to amend the act, and they must believe himn. Hlie thou proceeded to read letters whliclh hlie had received from electors asking him to ibecomo a casdidate. He had bdon told " don't trust the Catholics ;" they were tlolling him theoy were going to vote for him and thely would not do so. In last wook's Gioulburn Herald there was a leading article advising himu to retire. Ho then read extracts fromn that leading article. Confound the Goulburn Herald, he said. (Choers and langhltor.) He had no ambition except one, and that was if le could do his neighbors any good he would do so. There lie was as a candidate, and iohe was there at great personal inconvesnionc. It was lobng before any of thie candidates came into the fiels tlat he received letters begging him come forwardt because the electors had lost tioir confidonco in MIrs. Davies. He was askled if he could s00 his way to ruu with Mnr. Davies anld he had said no. The man, of the Goulburn Horald slhowedt how much lha (.fr. Conolly) would raise himsinelf in tihe eyes of tihe people by retiring. That man did not see what lhe wroto. (Lanighter.) He anslted hit, to retire for tihe surpose of getting in Meors. ITolborow and Myers. Ito would be aashamed of his brotllher mcnmbera of he Church of England if they allowed thomselves i be led a\vsiy by the views of the Goulblurn Herald :ians; but it was for tie electors of Argylo to say :lhno shoiuld be their ropresontatives, and he aslied Ithoose me not to believe a wordt of whalt the Gaul burn Ihorald said whens it said hl--(cries of " time, time," anld " go on, we want to hear yelu," " stick to it," &c.;, interrupted thIe psaklter for lein tilmec, and his voico was drowned by the winld and thie noise. Afteir order waso restored, irf. Conolly said) After this msodest uequoiteit osn the part of tile Goullburn 1 rIIOald, the writer endedl by sayitng " we kuow advice is ge- nerally unpalatable, is often actively resoented, and sometismes loadsa to actual enmity," &e.; (Criso of " time, time," isnd '' go on, go on.") He ansked them this l: was there any man who know him for twenty oix years whso was afraid of his eanmity ? (aries of " no, no," "nd Ilaughter.) HIo lever coatld hlave oimity itn him. ILo never visited auy man with tnmity. IIo told them thlat there was no ill-feeling; asdd after several monoths of doing whatuver he could do thllrow disrodit on his candidatnro, he ciouli say to MIr. iloy that lh forgave him. (olear, hoar, itd crieos of " Oh I ") IIo would astk Mr. Riley to go to hIis stutly assd takloe wltovor bookls hlie has and roiadl them and try and have a larger heart. (Olhoors.) In thie seconld article in thie sanmo paper thly haid a homIily whiO warned tlons not to sin, anild said that some of t hemn " wouldt be out off in thie hlossotIs of their sits," aud thou went on to speak of being I)Do1'd Ifor a certatlu toirr to walk thie lsghst. If thaCt did inot mean thlat they would be sent to pur gatory or somowhere else, it was very likto it. (Choors? and laughlter.) This ws a perhaps ittondod for sofit of the othere and not for hims. derlsaps thoe Go? burn Herald snoanot very ?Wll. (lioes of 10 il tints.") They acid doi't vote for lIr. OConoliy h cause he is I against ithe Publio Instruction Act. That was not trso. hli had gone about hIis caudidaturo independently; ii had never distribulted political pamphlete and noticca at tie grave of a man when is was hoing buriodl on God's holy day. He said this as e simply an not of indeceney. ("Time, time.") "to again referred to thie oducation question, and ad bodil tlhem in oonclusion to tako care that their can. idatlao was right in that matter, and if they placed iim (Mr. Coeolly) at tie top of the poll (a voice: ' wi will do thai,") oni tlhat ultiutlou they would give .Iheo grandest blow that was over given to party liffTerineO. (Oh(ocr.) They would pllace a man at hlto head of tihe poll who vss tnot afraid to say that to and all his family woro manhobers of thie Chureh if 1Enghltd; still ha wan not afraid to agree with ivory eliss or croo0l, booause if he wont in to repro. lnt thomn he wosld go to rereosent thie body of poo ilo, not any one piarty. (Cheoors.) Major HIolborows, who was resoived with cheore masltl sovitng of hats, referred to his havinl( addrested tie electors ait ovory polling-plao and to having told them that he was prepared to snpport tlhe present gvornmntolli and in anyimg no he was doing ?ehat ho thought was right, (riles of "you are not," and oyes, yes.") HIo boellved that the government had loon doslrouns of edvanoalng the interosts of the Iloplo and of the olony, tud they had peovo t?hat by measures which they had passed while in oflice and by the progrnamme they had brought before the country at the present time. Hle would support them. If they brought ill any measures to which he objected he would toakel the liberly of leooving them; but if tl:-y continued as they were doing hle would supiort thloem. He was a seuplpolter ol tlhe Public lustrucelion Act. (Checrs.) It was a graud act, and no one could find the least fault with it. The grand clause of this act. was thie 2Rthi clause, anlt not oneuof the genutlemen who had addrc.scd tlhemn had mentioned it. It was to tIhat clautlse whlich heIo stuck, and that ws thie questcion to obe decided at this election. Protection antd tie abolition of interest were only idle cries. (Hlear, hear.) What they had to decide was whether they were going to leave the 28th clause as it is, or if tely were going to have it altered. Mr. Taylor, the late tonembeor for Parramatta, who voted against Ithe bill when it was passing the house, had not boon returned by his constltuontte. At Camden two gentlemcen in favor of the Public Instruction Act had boon roturned by six hundred votes over their opplonents. If he were elected and there was any lntecruronce with the 28th claniso hoewould stick to it like a leech and it shuinld never be altered if he lad a say in tihe matter. There was plenty of time before 1882 Sto'alter the nact, and tchey mnighlt rest assured that if they got denotminationnlisto into power it would be tohe first thing that would be done. He was a strong opponent to the Clhineseo comning into the country, and if Ilo Ielad his waythereo would neover be asbther OlChinaman lnded in Now South Wales. II would put a poll-tl.x of £25 on tctnm. Sir IHonry '"hrkes had promtised to introduce a bill, tand he ould support it, to ptt. at poll-tax of £25 on the ahineso, and if at tile cndl of twelvo montlhs it was found that that did not ;toltl them, ohe would spruport making thie pIoll-tax t£50,. HIo was a So- trader. (Chceore and cries of" Oh, Oh; you won't -ido.' oo hol Io" and plrotracted disturbance.) IHe " liked a littlo chaff, attod after they Itd stoppled he would go on. In advocating freoe.trado Io believoed he was advocating their interests. (Crios of "no you are not" and " whalt soult potatoes? " and "go on--lhurrah for fro-.tradlo.") If they would only look at England and thisti colony and colmpareo tlhuem wvith America and Victoria they would find that froc-trade was for the best intorests of the country. Any ono Sadvocating protection must be very selfish. Did they think that England wasn going to allow them to snud all their raw material lhomuo and not take Sanything back ? Diid they thlink tlhat England would send them back nothing but cash? It was only fair that if they eent the raw mntterial to linglandn Sthey should take somethling back in return. If they woent in for protection it would not be wheat wvhich would be taxeod. iThey did not tax wheat in America. (A voice: We have nothing to do with America.) Everything would hIave to be taxed in proportion, and if the farmer made £25 a year by at tax on wheat he would thave to pay £50 a year extra for clothing for himtoelf, his wife, and fuauily, &o.; Over thirty candidates had boon roturned for the nocw parliamenot and not ono of them was a protectionist. MIr. D. U3tchananu was a lprotectionist, and he would have to tnkto a back coat. (Laughlter.) Ho told them distinctly that Ito was a fre.o-trtader and * that he wans prepalred to stand or Ifall by frco-radeo. Although he was a frcotrader, loe was in favour of advancing local itndustlrioes, anl if menn of enterprise Sand aptital eanm and tortold fatories, ce., he would Sgive them a promuninn for doing so. lio thought the government shoultd insh ahload railwvay lines intaltlo interior. Ho was ill fonvour of advocating tratnumways and cheaply.constructed railway lines. If ho weore Selected he would do all lte could to get a tramwnay 6r cheaply-constructed railway to Crookwlol. (Chcorn.) He was in favour of thie government redunoing the Srailway rates. IIt would vote for paymnont by weighlt, not by truck. He was in favonr of rotronclunhont in the civil service. The qunrtity of usoloss civil Sservants they had at titt present tine was dislgraceful. He would pay good nmen a good sLtlary for a Ifair amount of work andt pay oil tie idle thands. It had beeoon said that hio was a squatters' man. He was a true friend of the working man. IIe wast not connoted with squatters in anly wcoy. Hie would . advocate tile increasing of the rents of the tsquatters fourlold as theoy fell iuo. T'llero was no chalnce of the remission of interest coming beforo partliamenlt -this session. What did those olio raised this cry intend to do with those who ihand paid thie interest in full.? Winy, thie cry was only In political one. (A Svoice: "No sucha thing.") They would not get it. (Ories of " we will got it" and " we musont got it.") He was against the r iemission of interest. iHe did not beat about tile bush, antd say hio would do thit and that and mean anuothor thling. VWho would be Sbonufited by the remission of intorcst ? The squatter of course (hear, hIear, and chcers). lIo wcas in favor of loonl option antd o snow licensing act. HIe would support an abnsotoo tax. Ito wltas nIot t Sydinoy man in any shlapo or form (hIoar, hoar). lieo n was a country manll, and tlherefore if elected Iohe would oppose the large anmounts of lonoy whlich woere grannted to Sydney. (Cheers). i-Io lhand notlhintg more to add except tohat he was a nantive of tie colony and was deciroits of going intto loorliamnot to serve his country. ie hoped Ithant otn lriday owhen they tookle the ballot.pnpor in hand, tho nntame of W. IH. Holborow would not bo struck ont, ad n that they would say "he is not a bad sort of a cetrd, owe will not scratch his namnoe out." (lCheers). The oeturning.-oiliceor thlon alcsked for a lshow of Shands. When this had boon complied with, lne said that as Messrs. IHolborowV, Conolly, iMyers, and Heydon woere so nearly equal as to rouendior it itolpos. :siblo for him to idecide in favor of any one, lce would ask them to hIold ul their hands again. Tlhis was complied with, whenoll thie followingi result was oe. .tained, the ntmbors being approximatot :-- lMr. Conolly, 50; Mr. Hoyden, 40; Meosers. Miyers and Holborow, 80 eachn; MIr. Walshl, 20. Mossres. IHolborow and nlMyers demanded a i1oll, and the Rtoturning-ofliccr intimatedl that it would -tike place on Friday at tlhe various plaee.s named in the adnivertisemonts in the local ipaplors. Three cheolers woro givou for thie Quoou, tile re turinug-oflloor, and nMeossrs. Ioydon and Conolly. Mr. Iteydon proposed atnd l?ir. Conolly socondeld a voto of thanks to the returning- ollicor, which was 'arried with loud alplaunso. : The ToEturning.ollitor suitably replied, after which the candidates, electors, and friouds left the scono of Sthe mooting. 