THEATRE ROYAL. The Inauguration of a new Shaksperian sea-<*> son at the Theatre Royal on Saturday, July 24, was marked by the reappearance of Mr. B. Fairelough, who received a very ho[?]rty welcome from a crowded auditory. When he was pre viously fo Adelaide some &ye; years ago, Mr. 3\. airdongh wash popular actor, whose ability, was recognised by a ve_y large circle ef theatre coses, ana lodging fey ins eeoeption on .Saturday ii. pepola-oety^s not likely te wane nnder his pre sent engyiynfint. Mr Fai—slough is not an actor of toe imodemstsmp, wboseQEorte _cay be comedy er melodrama, bat who a?___ to the tiigher walk of tragedy to satisfy his ambition, but he is essentially a tragedian, one ot tbe tew now upon the stage who nay be classed bus students cf Shakspeare, and therefore bi.i pa> format---, have agraater vdue on this account. {There were many who daring Mr. Creswick _Bb_-kspea___n season did not admire that c pabte aators impersonation* because of tiie t-hyri-fidi-pWlHrieii that alten.le. an s.tor who Bad bsoi before the public tor nearly halfa ccntory, and there were differedcea of opinion >s to l|ieftj"to in winch some of tbe character! woe played by him, but publio opinion was unanimous on tiie subject of his ability to du<-idate tiie meaning of Shakspeare, to give dramatic effect to the language, and to display as an etocntianist a very high order of merit. Want of deamess in enunciation was a defect that attended him ody on account of his age; but it was dways a pleasure to listen to Mr. Cresw___. reading of Shakespeare, apart dtogether from the vdae of his acting. In Mr. Fairelough we have a more youthful actor, but one whose powers are matured, and who should be in the veryj heyday of his tome. He has much to recommend him in persond appearance (although it is a question whether a moustache is any improvement to his face), and he has an easy graceful manner, and walks the stage as one who knows that he is capable of portraying the most difficdt of Shakspeare's creations with artistic exoellenoe and (realistic effect. Mr. Fairelough, however, has one drawback that may not be so apparent to himself as to his audience, and that is that he often speaks in an undertone that can scarcely be heard in the auditorium, aud " bites off " his words. The defect is one that can be remedied with _ care, and is most noticeablo when speaking colloquially, not when he simu lates passion er when the tragic powers are roused. This was particularly apparent on Saturday in tbe opening act, and tiie famous soliloquy," O tbat this too, too solid flesh would melt," suffered in consequence, also the speech to tbe players in the second sot. Mr. Fairelough, however, evoked a storm of enthusiastic applause by bis admirable rendering of the eelf-impeach iog soliloquy, "O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I." Every gesture was appropriate, every utterance expressive of the passion that filled Hamlet's sod, and wbich had to be curbed and kept under rest-Bint until the opportunity was afforded him of proving the guilt of the king and avenging the murder of his father. Again in the play scene he was mast effective, and also in the interview with his mother, where he intensifies tbe reality of " holding discourse with the.iuco-po___fy.ir" by following his father's ghost to the portal of toe chamber and there falling prostrate as the receding figure departs from his view. The foroe of the comparison between tiie dead king and his murderer, was somewhat maxred by the seenepainter represent ing the defunct hero as a crook-legged ngly .ample of humanity, instead of one upon whom ■"• every God did seem to set his seal, to give the world assurance rf a maa." The living husband, who was likes ** mildewed ear blasting the whole some brother," was much the tetter king of the two, on canvas. In tbe find act Mr. Fairelough agdn displayed his skill in the fencing match and in the dying scene. He was frequently and deservedly called before the curtain. Mr. Fail-dough's reading of the part makes it evident that Hamlet's madness waa only feigned, a reading which is most acceptable to the majority of Shaksperian stadente. Miss Annie Mayor as Ophelia quite took ber audience by surprise, her admirable acting in the mad scene evoking a most enthusiastic recall. This clever young actress, who is Austrdiau born and educated, has _______ been afforded ao good an opportunity of showing her histrionic power as in her por trayd of "'the sorrows of tba sweet and gentle Ophelia". Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner as Queen Gertrude was too youthfd looking for tiie mother of Hamlet, and was not sufficiently emotional in the chamber scene. It was observable thit she made no change in her oo?tomeJwhether in court, in ber chamber, or at Ophelia's funeraL Mr. BUiott as the King waa stiff and naonotonoas; Mr. Fleming was fairly euocesafd aa J_aertes, but if he changed parts with Mr. Phillips, the Horatio, we think both parte wodd be improved; Mr. Palmer was a creditable Polo__ua; and Mr. Thome amusing as the first gravedigger. Mr. Holloway aa the ghost, and Miss Knight aa Osric, aided in the scocess of tbe representation. Some of the other characters were satisfactorily sustained. On the whole the play was well mounted, and the limelight effects were very wdl managed. •' Hamlet" will be repeated thi* evening. 