BUTLER'S CATECHISM. NO. XXII. We have seen that Butler insists on the little children making" a '.' good confes sion" as one of the. conditions, of their receiving the " forgiveness of sins." . : We have seen also that as there" is no 'defini tion of what a "good confession" is "deaf" priests are more, lenient and 'reasonable than " hearing " ones, and that what the one class consider "good," the other class consider very imperfect and unsatisfac tory. In this state of doubt 'the little children cannot have much comfort in thinking about their " good confession." They trust indeed to. generalities and to "good intention" while they are telling "all' things." And we have showed that their doubt must he increased by their experi encing that " good confessors " have to fish out all the . circumstances and peculi arities of sin in order that they may know its complexion and aggravation. The children, indeed, are prompted to tell. Questions are put to them to help their infirmities. And fatherly advice is given ' them to " conquer themselves," if modesty or shame choke them when they are struggling to explain their feelings and thoughts about " filthy acts " and ." filthy conversations." Still there must always be the troubling doubt that their confes sion has not been " good ;" and, as often as this doubt rises up' 'in their mifid : to distract and sadden, you' can imagine them anxiously inquiring, "Is my confession good ? Will his reverence be satisfied with it ? Is the . absolution genuine ?" Although the words of the, absolution have been' pronounced, the efficacv may he withheld arid a greater. sin be committed by the omission of something ? Who will tell me that my confession is ' good ?' " If the little children 'and grown people really were thus earnest about finding out the truth about a good confession, dreadful would be their ' anxiety in view of the next statement'of .Butler - " ' ' ' " What do you think. of those who conceal a mortal sin in confession ? " They commit a' most grievous sin by telling a lie to the Holy Ghost,- and instead of obtaining pardon, they : incur much more the wrath of God. . ..... We cannot hut' remark the style of this instruction.' ; It is not the children asking the teacher ; but -the teacher asking the children: The- answer5 given, consequently, is not : that W the ' infallible ' Church, 'but that of the little children, who are sup posed to know very little ! Is it thus -that' the' flagrant abuse of Script'iire is to be explained ? 5 Is it thus that tlie falsifying of 'the Word of God is to be excused? for a more" flagrant instance of "handling the 1 Word; of God deceitfully," and of "wresting"' a passage from its plain moaning, never was perpetnited|!' The wicked Butler, however, is responsible for the perversion. (Hu teaches lies ; but lie puts the lies into the mouths of the little children, and asks them to repeat those lies to one another as the saving doctrine of that holy Church which is said to be the only true Church on earth ! It is hero said that a bad confession is a " lying to the Holy Ghost." If the children conceal anything from the priest, they ' lie unto the Holy Ghost." If they won't answer the priest's questions, or if shame prevent them, or if r they conceal any circumstance which gives" complex ion to their sin," they "lie to the Holy Ghost." And what is this " lying to the Holy Ghost?" Why, it is this — "not only do they not obtain the for giveness of their sin, but they much more incur tiie wrath of God." How, if we ask for the proof of this, Butler impudently produces the passage in soripture, Acts ;;v. 4. Our readers will here notice the usual way of Butler— that is, if he has even a shadow of countenance in Scripture for his false teaching, he refers to the Scripture ; but if he feels that he cannot get even that shadow of proof, lie quietly passes over all idea of proof J The amusing thing, however, is, that the pas sages which ho quotes are so far from being proo/s of what he is teaching, that they are usually the best of all disproofs. Take, for example, this passage now quoted. It is part of the case of Ananias and Sapphira. These two, man and wife, had conspired to cheat the Apostles about the price of a piece of land which they had sold. They wanted to appear very reli- giouB and charitable by pretending to give the whole of the money to the need of the poor ; but they resolved to keep back part of the money as a priaate reserve. They came openly and laid the money at the Apostles' feet. They said it was all. But Peter, by his inspiration, knew that it was not all. His miraculous gift of " dis cerning " discovered that they were telling lies. He therefore openly put it to them, one after the other, after an interval, "Tell me did you sell the land for so much?" And they each, at the different time asked, answered, "Yes, for so much." As the conspiracy was now apparent ; as they had agreed to tempt the spirit of the Lord, by an imposition on men who had the gifts and graces of the Spirit, and by a base hypocrisy in view of the people, Peter told them that it waB not a lie to men but a lying to the Holy Ghost; and quickly the punishment of the crime fol lowed—the one after the other " fell down dead." Such is the case in the passage' which Butler quotes. ; How, is there a proof here of "auricular confession?" Has it any- . thing to do with secret confession . to a priest in a dark box, and out of the hear ing of everybody else ? Is it a proof that Papists sin in not telling the priest every thing, about thoughts and feelings, about girls making love to boys, and about mar ried men and women in theu- family con cerns ? Is it a proof that if a girl refuses to tell the priest how some boy kissed her, and how the husband pays the marriage debt to his wife, it - is a " lying to the Holy Ghost?" Because Peter used these words, in the circumstances of tlie case, to Ananias and Sapphira, are the; words true, or appliable, or meaut tO' be a p pli able to prying priests, ; in .altogether different circumstances— priests . engaged in "filthy conversation " — priests, dwel ling upon "filthy acts "—priests poking into mire and filth with a' purpose to find out the women's, diseases to cure their souls ?— We are certain that every intelli gent reader will scorn the villany of pre tended religious teachers' who thus commit such gross " irreligion." The thing is an insult to common sense. Hor could such outrageous falsifying and abusing of scrip ture bo possible, even with children, if they were -allowed to go to A.cts v. 4 to ' read the passage for .themselves, and- exer cise their "private, judgment " upon, it.: The Apostles wore inspired men ; .the' priests . are not ' only ' uninspired, 'but for the most part ignorant and brutal ; men. The statement of, Ananias and Sapphira was openly made, but what Butler wants is secret confession. The one was a con spiracy between two persons; the other is a faltering to speak because of virtue. The one was a matter concerning fact ; the other has to do with secret feelings and desires which the priest must not make public, even if the affairs of a nation were depending on them. The one was a lying to the Spirit of God who was enabling the Apostle to know that the statement made was untrue ; but the other is a protest on the part of every virtuous girl and modest woman, against the beastly ques tioning of a man who admits that the Spirit of God doe s not enable him to know whether he", confession is true or not! Yet'PButler has-;the effrontery. ;to. make uthese two, cases parallel ! Tho gooi' -little .children are indeed " in the hands iof ." mien of corrupt minds " when they go to Butler and Yaughan to get their religious educa tion,; They are abused and mocked. And those who " lie to the Holy Ghost," aro not the little girls when they ! refuse to answer the priests' questions ; but those priests themselves when they produce mis applied scripture to prove their false claims and wicked practices. We expected that the man who does the editing of ; the Yass Courier would take'notice of our reference to him in our last issue. We did not however expect that he would so reveal himself and the spirit that is in him. The article looks like as if he had been in Sydney to drink in a fresh draught from the fountain called " Fitz," with the usual lemon ; and that he had laid himself under a fresh obligation to the same "Fitz, for some unexplained favour, as he returned to Yass more determined to be " unsectarian " than ever. In his former article Brown laid specific charges against the school inspector ; we have convicted him of shameful misrepresentation and falsifica tion of the report which he pretended to criticize; he, has not not now a word in reply. He attempted to prove the In spector ignorant of grammar; we dealt with his cited instances, and proved that not even in the citing of the alleged instances could he be honest ; for first he misquotes and then garbles ; and now he has not a word to say in reply. He then took a step higher and assumed to be able to criticise composition ; and we gave a specimen of his elegance in this part of editorial proficiency ; but we proved that while his ambition is very great in execu tion it is " very unsatisfactory ;" but now he abandons the subject altogether. What then does he do ? Apologize to the In spector for his dishonesty and mean malignity ? Oh no ; editors of the Brown stamp cannot afford to play the man ; no ; but, more bittei than ever be acts the wasp, and produces freshhashed-up matter against the Inspector, with which our defence of the Inspector had nothing to do. In fact, Brown now turns upon us, and in his paltry abuse of us, he reveals the character which we had innocently ascribed to him. He pours out in impotent rage the sup posed damaging statement that we are a " notorious sectarian journal." . Suppose that this is true, what lias it to do. with our reducing Brown's miserable and .false criticisms on the school- Inspector to dust; and aBhes ? He says, besides, that. " our; principles are bigoted." Suppose that our principles are so, is that any answer to our convicting him of garbling and falsehood ? He says, besides, that our "tone is inflammatory." Well, the arrogance and unfairness of the paltry Brown were quite sufficient to inflame colder natures than ours ; even quite sufficient to set his own hair on fire, if he had had any remnant of virtuous shame left in him. 'Bat it is won derful what " unsectarian and unbigoted " editors will do. We have come across a good many of them in our day ; and the one at Yass has all the marks of the "genus," with this differen-e, that for " knock-kneed logic " he excels them all ! — Mr. Brown then repudiates ill will to the Inspector of the district. How ? liy telling us that the Inspector cannot injure the Courier and cannot do it a favour. Is not this iiii edifying specimen of knock- kneed logic? But in his zeal to appear virtuous aud impartial, Mr. Brown lets' " the sec. et out." We never knew the secret of his bitterness before ; but we know it now. It is this : When Inspector Murray was appointed Inspector of the Yass district, this leader of the people and Saviour of the district of Yass, was anxious to know what Mr. Murray's -standing and qualifications were. Accord-! ingly, as he, Bi o wn , . was most anxious; about, the Public, schools, ,and about educa-i tion in' the Yass district, , he , .turned up j the reports of the Council to know .what! " records " Mr. Murray had, . received ; tor: the school of which he had , been the teacher. He, Brown, hoped for the best, but when he found that Mr, Murray had a record marked nearly " bad," he, Brown, was " exceedingly mortified and greatly surprised." Forthwith Brown, as the " we " of the Yass district published the bad re port of the man whom the Council of Education had made Inspector of the Yass district, that the district might Jtnow how bad Mr. Murray was. The knock-kneed editor of the Yass Courier tells all this quite innocently, and asks the YasB dis trict to see how disinterested and public spirited the said Brown was ! But men with half an eye would see that he was furnishing the proof of his self-oonviction. The report " was '(.bad ;" he says, did the fair dealing editor enqure into the circii in stances ¥ Oh no. He jumped to the conclusion that the " bad report" was the qualification on which the appointment of Mr. Murray was made ! Without en quiry and without taking trouble, he was " mortified and surprized," and his after conduct,, as the bitter and brutal enemy of the Inspector, is the natural conse quence of his original prejudice. As a " great man " he ought to have supposed that the " bad report " and the " appoint ment to the Inspectorship, could be recon ciled ; but be asked no explanation. In his infallible Cornier he had published that Mr. Murray was bad, and henceforth it was directly to his interest to prove that his original slander was correct. It so happens that we know all about the " bad report." "WVknew how it was accounted for. And we know how, in spite of the " bad report, the Council had the most perfect confidence in the ability of Mr. Murray. W e have not had any interest in puffing off Mr. Murray ; but the unfair Brown, the Yass editor, has had the most direct interest in justifying liis " mortifi cation and surprize " and unfair publica tion of a report which had no explanation accompanying it. ' The secret is now out, and a contemptible secret it is, which is only another illustration of that precious article which is called the honesty of " unbigoted and unsectarian "editors ! — As Mr. Brown lias thus exposed his paltry mortification and surprize, we do not wonder at his trying to find a reason for our defence of Mr.. Murray against the dishonest and impudent criticisms of the Yass Courier. Of course the motive attributed to us Jis not very honourable. An unsectarian and unbigoted editor could not do otherwise than show his " unsectarian " fairness ! It appears, then, that we have defended Mr. Murray be cause his " Protestantism is up to the standard ;" and, because he is "loyal to Protestant principles, we desire to cover all his deficiencies and delinquencies !" This is but a specimen of " unsecta. rian charity and of " unbigoted " inso lence. ' To give colour to this libellous charge it is said that Mr. Murray is on our side of " ultra Protestantism." Then the word " Orange " is craftily brought in ; then Mr. Murray is called a " protege of the Standard ;" then we are said to utter ' Billingsgate ;" and then we are said to " show hatred and coarse abuse." How it; so happens that Mr. Murray is connected! with us in no society, union, or connection whatever. He is not related to us in Church or State. If he is an "ultra Protestant " we don't know it ; if he is in any way connected with " Orangeism " we do not know it. We know nothing what-: ever of Mr. Murray, but that he is, from his work and reputation, as we know Mr. Hicks, a very hardworking and pains taking man in his duties as a servant of the late Council of Education. We have ! defended Mr. Hicks and Mr. Murray; and we have exposed Mr. M'Intyre and Mr. Johnstone, on public grounds onlyy but. when we see any of these gentlemen most grossly slandered and malignantly persecuted, as Mr. Murray has been by the unprincipled editor of the Yass Courier , we have pleasure in tracing actions to. their motives. Wo have succeeded in the , case of the Y ass editor. W e ha ve given Mr. Brown reason to-, cry : out and wriggle and cast about for something fresh. But it is no use. now. He is impaled. We have hung: him up to dry. He may cry for- assistance to Mr. Conlon — the substance; of: whose brutal letter Brown has had ! lying in his office for three years or more —and, other such like, of the same kidney with himself, but he canuot escape the scorn of all his, intelligent readers, as a distant and spiteful critic. . : . ' It was almost a pity that the Education; Department -thought at nece ssary to repub lish nthe ( ; regulations; " with - only- : the! changes of "the Minister " for the ".Council of Education," &c.;, because it has givrinj some of the teachers in the country the impression that the' "Regulations " as republished are the "nev- Regulations " which are the guide for tlie new depart ment in its dealing with the teachers in the matter of salaries. The fees which they once, enjoyed as thejr own, they are: now to collect and remit to the Treasury ; and, as nothing is said about the increase of fixed salary to compensate for the Iosb of fees, it was natural that the teachers in alarm should conclude that the salary question was now decided, and that under the new Bill, the poor teachers were to be worse off than they wore before. Freeman in his haste, and in his bitter railing against the new Act, rushed to the con clusion that the fears of the teachers were well founded. Af little patience, a little inquiry, ,'a little sympathy, with the. Minister'-and a little i faith!: in the bona fides of - all concerned; would have saved him from blundering charges. Freeman, forsooth, for the nonce, took all the poor teachers of the primary schools under his wing, and rushed to give them the com fort of a leader on the " miserable pros pect for teacher." He began liis leader with an "if." How, there was no need for the " if." The new department is in a transition state. It was necessary to bring the schools and teachers under the new Act, and the Minister evidently thought that the " Regulations " would required to be reissued with the changes of names above referred to. Had a note been added that while the fees- were now to be regarded as the property of the Treasury, the question of salaries had not yet been decided, nor the method of remitting the fees to the Treasury, it would have allayed the "sudden fears" that -have disturbed the teachers, and deprived "the enemy" of his chance to foment distrust and mis- chief- We thought we understood the matter better. We have no fear about the interests of the teachers. They do not need the interested slobbering of Free man. Sir John Robertson will take care of them. The new Act will protect them. And the Parliament has hitherto proved that its desire to do justice to the "illpaid teachers " with too! timck consideration to be now suspected of desiring to "sell them." Our comfort to the teachers is — " Wait a little. Everything eannot be done at once. There will be time enough for lamentation and complaint when the question has been decided by the Minister. The estimates for 'education' will require to pass the Parliament before the in creases can be given. Meanwhile the fees may be used as before ; only of course, you are held responsible for the amount. The balancing and the adjustment will come afterwards." What amused us, in the midst of the scare which has occurred, and which Freeman has done his best to "improve," was this : The fearful and the unbelieving of the teachers, like the unhappy Israelites in the days of old, when they accused Moses of his increasing their burdens by his inter ference with their bondage and offer ing them deliverance — -came to us, saying, "See what you have done by your League agitation! See what you have done by your passing the new Public. Schools' Act ! We have to thank you for the increasing of our burdens. The task masters, by your League inter- ' ference, have given ub a worse lot. They expect us now to make bricks without straw. Oh that you had . let us alone under the 'old Act. See; you have robbed us of the fees, and now you expect us to be content with Larder work, as under the compulsory clause, and less pay ; . for the dole from the Government is to be only the same as before !"„ Alas, Moses had much to do to. convince the Israelites that he was their friend 1 He had nearly as much to do in convincing the groaning Israelites that he was their friend and deliverer as the editors of the Standard' have had to do in convincing the anxious teachers that the new Act will be really ' a good one to them! But Moses knew what he was doing. He had faith in the future; and so, we are hapyy to say, we knew all along what we were doing ; and we have perfect confidence that the inter ests of the teachers will be , faithfully seeured- Freeman's Paaquin.— This now notorious creature, under the name of Harold Grey is again in the hands of the police. According to the Evening News, he was brought before the Water Police Court on Monday or Tuesday laBt, for assaulting a woman. The case, on the application of tho lawyer, Carrol, was adjourned for a week. The Bribery Incident.— Sir Henry Parkes did well to put the letter of tho man " Ball " r> into the hands of the police, to be followed up, - -as was\effecthally '.done, by the officer, in. oharge. There were grave suspicious that; a trap had t . been" laid. : Sir Henry Parkes might have been 'tempted, in a rage, to'throw the insulting letter into tho waste basket ; but the wretches' who might have been privy to tho letter might then i; have got up whispers about it, aud insinuated that Sir Henry was not altogether "incorrupti- ble." Of course, in that case, Sir Henry would - tell the tale and say that the letter had been p "thrown into the waste basket;" but his S; enemies would bo equal to tho occasiou, and say i: — " Oh yes ; but where is the proof and the villanous slander would stick to Mm. It was, jr therefore, a wise thing which he did to hand ft the letter over to the police.- But now that the Eolice have done their duty, and the man has | een beouglit before the Court, aud explained p the matter with a full confession, the thing be- | comes simple enough. Evidently the mau did | the deed ignorantly, and wrote the letter with- 1 out thought. The man " Ball " seemed straight- p forward in what he said. The justices, of course, p committed ;. but we imagine that, when the jf Attorney-General has examined- the man, and e! probably found out who his advisers were, he p will carry tho matter no further than to_ bring him into Court and have a rebuke administered to him, as a warning to those worthless feliows in the community who do believe in bribes, and are quite willing to_ give and take, them, as a matter of lawful business. The Sampson Trial.— Our note last week on the alleged perjury of Sampson, in the Shep herd v. Dibbs case, only appeared to be a mistake. We stated that the Attorney-General, m ills good sense, had declined to prosecute, and that, therefore, the failure of the _ perjury charg would aflfect essentially the justice of the verdict against Mr. Dibbs. It was understood by every body, after the evidence given in the V ator Police Court, in favour of Sampson s story, and even after the committal of the magistrates, that the Crown would fall from_the prosecution, "as there was no case" to go before a jury to secure a conviction. This was every where under- Btood : but suddenly, and for some reason or other (we suspect the influenco winch has oeen at work) the order was given "prosecute. Sampson was thus, in fact, taken by surprise ; and thus the hitch which occurred at the beginn- ing, whenMr. Buchanan claimed four days' notice for pleading on the very day on which the Crown wished to prosecute ! This sudden change gives one an uncomfortable feeling of design and trick : and one wonders and suspects — "what the secret reason could be?" Shepherd and Hurley hunt together. We wonder if they had anything to do with thesuddeh ehanget After their noble ex ploit at Penrith and their anxious delivery of Mr. Dibbs into the hands of the gaoler atDar- linghurst, did they next turn their attention to the necessity of pressing the case against Samp son and surprising him ? We shall see by and bye.;.- Meanwhile tho prosecution has gone on, and this (Thursday) is the third day of the trial. The whole filthy story has been gone over again, to the intense delight of a crowd, many of whom were women, called ladies. Shepherd has been compelled to admit that he frequented a brothel in Elizabeth-street, with women, and other things equally indicative of the immorality of the upper ten thousand of our community ; and the unhappy woman, Mrs. Dibbs, has-been put through a cross-examination which cannot but establish one of two things, either fearful perjury or injured innocence. But the evidence, as it has proceeded, scorns undoubtedly to say that the Attorney-General would have shown his wisdom if he had declined to prosecute, as \- was originally understood was what he had re solved. But the swearing goes on — the lad Milton swearing that there was no crack in the wall, and another witness swearing that there were several cracks ! One witness1 swearing that Mrs. Dibbs is a good woman, and another swearing that great doubt may be entertained about it, &c.;, &c.; Where is the perjury to end ? Such a scene as this cannot be good for the morals of the community;' but what of the moral condition of many who hold their heads high in the streets, and wish to be regarded as respect able citizens ? The late cafd raid brought out one phase of the filth and depravity of the com munity ; there is now a new phase in this trial. And the conclusion is deplorable — filth, filth, corruption, corruption — depravity and unfaith fulness everywhere around us. Strange Church-building.— One of the London papers gives the following as the evi- dence of a witness examined in the Bow-street Police Court. The question was one in which a priest was concerned, as collecting |money to huild a mass house. He stated that the priest, Father O'Connor, under pretence of raising money for the building of a Popish chapel, was in fact raising money with which to buy firearms for "ould Ireland." "You think," said the priest, in a religious lecture, " that Ireland is almost dead; but, believe me, she has got a kick in her yet, and that' kick will go through the belly of John Bull." The prieBt is a patriot Irishman. He is madly in love with Parnell the Head Centre. He has the fire spirit of all the O'Connors. " Ould Ireland" is fond of kicking. She gets fat on Protestant money, and then she "kicks." Famine comes upon her, in consequence of her improvidence and lightheartednesB ; but she cries out for Protestant money to be given her ; and - then, when the- money comes, she studies how best she may deliver-the last kiok that is in her ; and the bull's-eye at which she aims her kick is the rotund belly of John Bull! Another Irish Patriot— We have been showing of late how the priests have been turn ing the famine money, chiefly subscribed by Protestants, to the advantage of their seditious and Popish objects. The following is another instance about which there cannot be any doubt. The city of Belfast, chiefly through tho zeal and charity of Protestants, contributed a consider able sum to the famine fund. It was sent to "the Duchess of Marlborough Fund." Out of that fund £500 was sent to Archbishop McHale, the "lion of Tuam," and he, in order that the money might be " properly distributed," sent the following letter to the prieBt, M'Manus of ClifdAn. " St. Jarlath's Tuam, February 11, 1880. " Very Rev. Dear Sir, — With the view of terminating the disedifying , dissensions existing in Clifden and the district of Claddaghduff, with respect to -the relief of the poor, the Archbishop ordains— Ir That the existing committees be dissolved at ' once. 2. That a new committee be formed composed of the Parish Priest, the two curates, and the leading laymen of the town and neighbourhood, to the exclusion only of prosely tising ministers and their following. 3\. That the Parish Priest be chairman, with a layman as vice- chairman ; the senior curate, with two laymen, as secretaries. 4. That all the money destined for relief, bo lodged in the bank to the credit of the treasurers. That oh all disputed questions tho minority be guided by the majority, with liberty to the minority to appeal to the Archbishop, whose judgment will be promptly.notified to the committee. 6. That a list of the committee and officers be submitted without, delay to tho Archbishop, and after wards forwarded with his sanction, for publi cation, to tho Freeman's Journal i ' '> j . / ' '' By order of. the Archbislipp, vlv:; -- "ThoB. -MacHa'e, Viei-Gen.". . thefdrift apd'intehtidn' of 'this peremptory order is very plain: Tlie.priests'and curates wore to be the manipulators. The Protestant clergy: men were to have nothing to do with it. They are stigmatised as proselytising ministers, and they are to be excluded from all share in . tho management of the fund. But tho priest and tho two curates are to have absolute control. And tho working of the scheme according to the Archbishop's mode was, that the famine money was to be made the means of forcing back poor converts from Popery to tho priest, and of making poor Protestants submit to the priest or get nothing. Wo do-not slander the priests and Archbishop McHale, therefore,' when we say that Protestant money has been a godsend to Ireland, and that the " famine " has beon a blessing to the Papal Church in the increasing of her power by the binding of her poor slaves more tightly to her' chariot wheels. Had the famine money been distributed without the intervention of the priests, it would have gone twice farther in the feeding of the Irish ; but the priests have no idea of allowing anybody to come in and feed their people, even on the score of charity to starving people, without their having a chief hand in the business. Another Priostly Ruffian.— it iB scarcely credible what power and ruffianism the priests of Ireland exhibit in the management of their people. People living in Sydney and Hew South Wales sometimes think us too severe in what we say ; but is it possible that any man could' be too severe in denouncing the villainy of what occurs in the following ? Wo copy the case from one of the home papers, and we ask our readers to pay particular attention to the remarks of Chief Justice Monahan, a Roman Catholic him self, but one who was so utterly disgusted and shocked that he applauded the jury when they brought in a verdict for one farthing instead of £3000 for priest O'Neill. Wo add that the jury was mixed,, partly Catholic and partly Protest ant ; but the evidence was such that the priest got a farthing (or a mere nominal verdict) instead of £3000, as he asked, for his injured name ! Here is a summary of the case, and the overwhelming remarks of the Catholic Lord Chief Justice :— " The facts as they appear from the report of the trial were : A humane Christian landlord seeing many of the Roman Catholics in his neighbour hood in very poor circumstances, while tho Pro testants were generally very comfortable, organised a" Poor Relief Fund. The Protestant clergyman, the Nonconformist ministers and the Roman Catholic priests were in virtue of their offices among - the members of the committee ; and one rule of tho society was that there should be ' no interference with the religious views of those who received help." But such was the influence of the good done by the landlord dud his friends, that the priest threatened to de nounce the whole thing from the altar unless a guarantee was immediately given to him that all the money given to the poor Roman Catholics would be placed at his disposal. A local paper for simply calling attention to 'such intolerable effrontery ' was prosecuted for ' libel,' and the good landlord threatened by an unknown assassin ! At the trial no charge was even made of anything having been uttered derogatory to Roman Catholicism ; and the Roman Catholic Judge, in speaking of the landlord, and of what he did, used the following words : — ' It would appear, I think, that the person most active in -the promotion of this association was Colonel ; and I am perfectly satisfied that there is nobody who has attended to this trial, but must come to the conclusion that, so far as Colonel was concerned, he has been actuated by no feeling but that of the purest and most disinterested charity. I never before had the pleasure or honour of seeing, or even of hearing of Colonel ; but from the opinion that I have formed of him during the progress of his trial, I must say, I have scarcely ever met anybody for whom I entertain a more profound respect.' 'This charity was going on usefully and unob trusively ; and I will say, if I can judge of others by any feelings I would have myself, that the last thing that was courted or desired either by Colonel or the ladies who took uch an active part in the charity, was that their good works should be obtruded on the public. Their deeds were deeds of benevolence, and they could have no objection to their being published ; because the greater publicity their deeds got the more they would redohnd to their credit.' ' The only ' other matter— and I must say I refer to it with great astonishment— is that a miscreant should be found -I can hardly think it possible— to threaten Colonel — — . I know such letters are written very often, and I know that they are written from persons intending to carry their objects into effect ; but bad as some parts of the country are,- and bad as 'are the outrages committed, 1 can hardly think it within the bounds of human. probability or of human nature that any man' could have so fiendish a design' as from anything'" done by Colonel— — to meditate personal injuiry to Colonel- — -himself." "Five Holy Men." — Freeman, last week, at the cost of a few shillings, for the profit of his light-fingered creature, called "Pasquin," gave, in doggerel, an account of " five holy men." The piece appears to have been written at " Pompey's Pillar ;" but it is strange that that Freeman should trouble his head, at a dear price, with "five heretics," when he could get an account of "five really holy men " from the Irish papers for nothing. We do not write in poetry ; we are content with plain prose ; but if the account which we have given above of " five holy men," who can forgive sihs, and make and ; eat, or remove their God, does not convince our readers that " holiness " belongs to "Pasquin and the Papal Church," we think that the word "holy" should be expunged from the vocabu lary. Let us see with "bird's-eye view" the five holy men above transfixed for public execra tion. First, there is the holy priest, who, as drunk, ran after women on the streets of Bir mingham, and had to be taken in gaol for safe custody. The priest knew -the connection be tween drink and women ; and .this is Popish holiness!"' Second, there is the priest Meehan, who cursed with a real Popish. curse the parents who should send their children to a school where the Bible is read— wishing ; the Devil . to - take them, and to turn their children mad !— This is the holiness of a geuuine Irish priest. - The holy wretch ought to be tarred and feathered and sent out; to Sydney as a /present to' Dr. Vaughan n't St.' John's. , Third, tliero is the notorious John Of Tuam, who would starve, curse, or burn to ashes the' poor converts from Popory'ih his district, and' use the poor Protest: ants for fuel for the flames to do it with ; but he would accept Protestant nionoy to give effens to his villainy. The holy scoundrel ought to be paid with his own coin, as his charity is 0 per fect proof of his succession from the apostles ! Fourth, then there is the holy priest O'Connor, who thought it a capital Popish dodge to collect money for the building of a chapel, and then appropriate it for the buying of firearms for the patriots of ould Ireland ! His holiness consists in high fraud ? and tho fruit of his fraud takes the 'shape of a kicking fit. He wants John Bull's sterling money : under the ' pretence of chapel building he asks it : but when ho gets it he lays his plans for prudently using it, in a supply of revolvers and bayonets, with which to enable ould Ireland to kick Johu Bull's belly ! The holy treason-monger, we hope, will get with tho sword the reword of those who believe in using it ! And then, fifthly, the last holy man is the priest O'Neill, who denounced the generous and Christian landlord for .'. giving money to the poor unless that money was placed at his disposal. The holy ruffian used his " altar " for' the purpose of slandering the gene: -rous Colonel in his neighbourhood for helping the poor. He so vilified the Colonel that one of his priest-ridden slaves threatened to take the life of the Colonel if he did not do as the priest required of him. So that the priest cursed, and one of his slaves wanted to execute tho curse, in the destruction of the generous Protestant land lord, simply because he would help the poor without allowing the interference of the priest with his liberality ! This holy ruffian prosecuted a local pripor "for libel" because that paper ex posed tne abominable tyranny' of the prieBt. No doubt tho editor spoke strongly ; and the priest hoped to enrich himself with £3000 for defama tion of character ; but the evidence substantiated all that had been said ; and therefore tho jury — bound to give a nominal verdict — gave "a far thing damages !" and tho 'Roman Catholic Chief Justice gave the discomfited priest in return a lecture and a certificate of character which ought to make the holy man a scorn and a hissing arid a reproach . for ever ! — Such are Freeman's live holy men!" We hope he will bo proud of them. We hope he will get his' poet to write "Irish songs" about them. But we trust that our readers will stick to the prose. The. account is enough to make one's blood curdle. . All this rascality under the name of religion! All this in Ireland at the present day ! Is there any wonder that Ireland is a seething-pot of sedition and rebellion and violence, kept boiling by the sulphur and bellows of traitorous Popish priests ! CamTsemtrra— Questions; —'A correspon dent asks us the following questions -. First : Is the staternent in the Kiama Independent cor: rect, viz., that in "lS52the Presbyterians of Ulster united with tho Roman, Catholics of the South, and with the United' Irishmen, in the massacre of the Orange yeomanry of Ireland ?"— Wo never heard of such a thing, and imagine some mistake and confusion. The Presbyterians of Ulster have too much good sense to do such a thing. Seeond : The Rev. John Elkin, Church of England clergyman, who, it appears, does not like the Standard, denies that there is any Ritualism in the Church of England : and asks the question, "What is Ritualism?" — The best answer which we can give to the question is that supplied by the Romanists themselves : " Ritualism in the Church of England is the vain imitation of the doctrine and service of Holy Church ; the service is meaningless, as there is no virtue in it ; and the doctrine is false, as it has no authority from the centre of unity." Ritualism is Popery with a false face on. Ritualism is Popery without the respecta bility of Popery .! It believes in candles, dresses, bowing to the east, baptismal regeneration, sacramentarian efficacy, real presence, confes sion, prayers for the dead, apostolic succession, and the headship of the Pope — not with straight forwardness, but with shuffling dishonesty. In fact, the shuffling dishonesty of Ritualism dis gusts the Papists themselves. The Papists, no doribt, are pleased to see fraudulent Protestants in the Church of England ; but they laugh at it as a mockery of the "genuine article " which it mimics. It is no pleasure to us to say. and to prove that this fraudulent Protestantism . is in the Church of England. Half-way-house men, however, don't like, us to convict them of dis honesty, in professing to be the ministers of a Protestant Church, while in reality they have ceased to protest against Rome, and love to seek a uniou with her. They are traitors in the camp. Their natural goal is the one to which their dis honesty has led Newman, Manning, and many others. Dr. Pusey has stopped short : but it would have been well for him if he had taken the next natural step. The Baileys, the Kem- mises, the Vidals, probably also the Elkins, and a few others of more timid spirit, would only go to their "ownplace" if they were inabody to go out to Yaughan and to aBk to be "reconciled." No doubt he would give them his toe to kiss in token of submission : and then, for their " edify ing " submission, he would give them his blessing. In that case, while indeed we should pity them as weak in the intellect, and in capable of appreciating Protestant liberty, we should nevertheless .commend them as openly avowing what tlioy secretly desire. Our earnest desire for the grand old church of Ridley and Latimer is, that she were well, rid of. all Romanizing traitors. From- all such deceitful workers, doing the Pope's work, .Good Lord de liver her ! ; "F. 0., Brisbane."— The subject of your letter has been sufficiently ventilated, and you add nothing. We quite agree with' you that Jesuri Christ the Son is the whole Godhead, and that to baptise with His name is to baptise in the name of the Trinity : that. was our explana tion. But you have no, warrant for saying that " any form of. words " was. prescribed : and this "form Of , words " is, ! therefore, ; left free to all churches to. adopt for themselves. Our, form is "I. baptise thee in the name. of the Father, Son, arid Holy Ghost! " But another form would be equally, effectual, if the thing intended is done. AV e really cannot understand your definition, of the , word " christen " - as only, giving one a nairio by which.he .is distinguished' from ' others. " Christ— en would then have nothing to do with Christ, which would make nonsense of it. Christen is orily English for baptise, and both words imply initiation into Christ's visible pro? fessing Church. There is really no necessary connection between christening and naming. Even in our practice, tho name is given and registered officially long before christening. Ono of tho "Good Confessors."— The following is taken from the Birmingham' Daily Post, January 7, 1SS0. When it is considered that such a man is ono of Butler's holy men who hear the confession of girls and women of the Papal Chnrch ; and who has tbo audacity to say to the girls and women that, if thoy don't tell him everything, they lie to the Holy Ghost, — tho purity of tho confessional may be easily understood : — " Stephen McQuirk (30), Roman Catholic priest of St. Michael's Church, Moor- street, was summoned for being drunk and dis order. — Police-constable Wilkins stated that at about 8.45 on Monday night ho was in the Frederick-road, Edgbaston. — Mr. Hehbert (ina- gistrate's clerk) : What happened ? Witness : Defendant was drunk and ran after soirie ladies. He then knocked at the door of a lady's house, and the ladies were obligod to run upstairs and call out of the window to me to take him into custody. — Mr. Hehbert: Had the defendant anything to do with the house ? Wituesa : No thing whatever. — Mr. Sturge : Was- ho drunk? Witness : Yes sir. — Mr. Hebbort : And what happened afterwards ? Witness : As soon as ho camo out of the house - ho seemed very excited and ran after two more ladies. I then took him into custody ; Alderman Taylor- assisted me.— Mr. Goodrick : Was he well-behaved towards you ?— Witness : Yes sir.— In answer to the question of tho Bench for an explanation of the defendant's conduct,. the Rev. J; Sherlock, who was present, stated that the defendant had been a teetotaller for seven years; that on Monday lie had something to drink, and as he was not capable of bearing it it took effect upon him. — That was the simple story.— Mr. Good rick : This is a very painful coso for a. man - of education and position.— Defendant, who ap peared to feel his position acutely, was then ordered to pay a fine of 5s. and costs ; Mr. Good rick expressing a hope that such a thing would never occur again. — The defondant, accompanied by the Rev. J. Sherlock, then left the court;" TThat Maynooth Priests do.— It was hoped that the Maynooth College would breed Romish priests who would have a, sense of gratitude and loyalty, as reared on, the soil, in stead of the foreign-trained priests who used -to be sent from Franco and Rome to minister in Ireland and other places in parlibus infidelium-, aud so the Maynooth grant was sanctioned from year to year, and at length, by tlio disestablish ment of the Irish Church, was permanently eh- domed. But look at the following, .which is only a specimen of tho ruffianism which ; the abomi nable college has produced: — In the County of Clare, _ which is especially benighted, some Christian people, and, especially Mr. H. Kean, thought of setting up a school. They arranged to open the school, and that the Bible should be read in it, for the advantage and religious educa tion of tho children. The priest, Rev. Michael Meehan, of Carrigaboll, was enraged at this stop, and forthwith he quenched his candles on the altar, rang his ' bell, and pronounced the following fearful curse: — "I pray God to pour down all vengeance on those who sent their children to Kiltrellig school last week — particularly two. May the devil be their guide on tho right hand and on the left, lying and rising, in bed and out of bed, sitting and standing, within and without. May all misfortunes attend their families and labors ; and any persons or persons sending their children to this school henceforth, may they be struck blind and deaf, so as never to 3ee any of their children' again, and may the children sent to the school go wild (mad). May they never leave the world until they become such examples as that tho marrow may come through their _ shin-bones. May they be pained both standing and sitting, and may they never leave this world until they be in such a state that the dogs could not bear coming near their carcases when dead. I pray to God respecting every child who goes to this school, that for every day he spends in it, his life may be curtailed a twelvemonth, and that they may never enjoy the years of maturity ; and as for those people who send their children to school, may their crops and their goods be taken by the devil ; and may all these misfortunes attend'any person taking their posterity in marriage thirty years hence. As the minister of God I pray ' the Almighty to hear this prayer; and I now, strictly command this congregation by , the- Authority of the Church to. kneel down and pray to God to grant my ? prayer." — - The only crime; of the children attending the school was that they read "God's Word.' - —This surely is an illustration of the hollowness of the cry of Dr. Vaughan and the .priests, in these colonies, about "secular schools," and the " exclusion of the name of- God from the schools." Here is a school in Ireland, set up in a very destitute part of Ireland, i and it is riot a secular school, but one in which the name of God is to be daily mentioned : but Popery, true to itself, and false to. ever thing else, gives it a curse and riot a blessing ! Strange that it is a " Meehan " who does. tlio deed ! , On Saturday last the Sydney Grammar School Athletic Club held their annual sports. The day was glorious, and there was a large attendance, who encouraged the youthful competitors by most hearty applause. \- At srtikes ot workmen at different places in France the assistance . of the ' military has been called to preserve order. " In March a steamer left Spain with emigrants for the new colony of New Ireland. Bishop Stanton of Northern .Queensland, iB leaving Brisbane for a visit to England, on private business. A gentleman in Melbourne has offered to givo £0000 for tho establishment of a hospital for incurables on condition of Government grant of land being made and a further sum of £6000 being subscribed. The ill-feeling which existed between France and Russia on account of the refusal of the French Government to give up Hartmann has now been smoothed over, and tho. RnsBian Ambassador has returned to Paris. The annual meeting of the Syduoy City Mission. was held 011 Monday evg., Mr. J. HJ Goodlet in the chair. Addresses were delivered by 'the Rev. Dr. Barry, Canon Stephen, J. . Barnier, A. Burdott, J. B. Waterhouse, and others, 