REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE. By the courtesy of the Auditor-General we are able to publish to-day the audited return of revenue and expenditure for the past quatter. The Treasurer's approxi mate statement of income was published by us about three weeks since. Although some four or five items have been altered upon revision, the net dis crepancy between the approximate figures and those given in the Auditor General's statement is only about £4. We have already commented upon the revenue for the quarter, and it is not necessary for us to add anything to our former remarks upon that head. At the first glance the figures before as are very reassuring, and it looks as though the new Auditor-General had the good fortune of being able to present a much more favourable account of the financial trans actions for the quarter than it has been possible to give for some time past Thus, the quarter . began with a cash deficit of .£83,532, and it closes with a cash deficit of £63,24.4, showing that an inprovement of some £20,000 has taken place during the three months in the financial position. Again, while as compared with the first quarter of the last financial year the in come during the hut three months shows an advance of £87,502, the outlay shows an advance of only £32,269. Taking the twelve months ending September 30, 18Sfy and comparing that period with the year ending September 30, 1879, the revenue has expanded to the extent of £240,055, while the outlay has advanced to the extent of only £C0,C72. Having regard to these figures alone there seems to be abundant cause for satisfaction ; bat j if we look a little closer into the re turns we shall find that the improvement is more apparent than real. Thus, if we deal first with the figures for the twelve months ending September 30, .1880, there are three or four items that at once challenge attention, It is quite true that the revenue shows an ad vance of .£240,055 ; but £110,000 of this is to be credited to the Land Fund alone. On the other hand it is quite true that the growth of the expenditure is only £66^672 ; but it ia significant to notice that; there is a reduction of £56,000 in the outlay-for public works, and of £67,000 for immigration. In other words, though the land revenue daring the period under consideration has grown by so large a sum as £110,000, two items which are justly chargeable to it have together been re duced to the extent of £123,000, though they ought to have been increased by at least that amount. No clearer evidence can ? be required to show that the Land Fund has been used to a very large extent to supplement the ordinary revenue. Nor is this alL While there has been a very considerable decrease in the legitimate appropriation of the Land Fund, the Parliament is actually asked to sanction the expenditure of loan money in schodlhouBcs and other buildings erected of wood. These are facts which the careless student of the country's finances may ' ignore or pass lightly over ; but they; afford manifest evidence of the truth of our assertion that the im provement in the financial position is 'only apparent and not real Again, if we turn to the figures for the quarter we are constrained to come to a similar con clusion. The income for the three months shows an improvement of £87,502, but £53,000 of this ia due to the Land Fund alone. On the other hand, though the expenditure has ad vanced £32,269, the outlay for public works and immigration, both chargeable against the Land Fund, has been reduced to the extent of £20,000. In other words, the apparent improvement in the three months is due entirely to the mis appropriation of the Land Revenue. It has gone to meet current expenditure instead of being nsed on public works. There ia another significant fact, too, that must not be lost Bight of. The expendi ture oui- of loan money for the quarter has been exceedingly heavy, no less a sum than £422,357 having been absorbed. If less of the Loan Fund had beau nsed and more of the Land Revenue had been put to its legitimate use, the accounts would have presented a very different appearance. From the figures for the quarter alone it is not always safe^to draw anv very sweeping conclusions, because it may happen that some of the payments have been unavoidably held over. It is grati fying to note that while there is an im provement in the income from Railways of about £30,000, there is a decrease in the expenditure of nearly £6,000. Of coarse the latter figures . may simply mean that some of the expenditure for rolling-stock or improvements has only been delayed ; bat in any case it is a hopeful sign to note that the net revenue from this branch of services rendered is steadily advancing. In regard to the Postal and Telegraph Service, the returns are more hopeful than they have been. The income has advanced upwards of £3,000, and the outlay has decreased about £600. The growth in the revenue from Waterworks is only nominal ; but, fortunately, the expenditure for the quarter has decreased some £2,000 in comparison with the outlay for the corresponding period of 1879.; In -Civil Establishments there i* an advance of some £3,500, and in Education of 'about £11,000.' Taking the figures as a whole, however, they seem to indicate that a' fair amount of care is being exercised with regard to the expenditure. The blots in the accounts are owing almost entirely to the faulty system of managing the finances which Parliament has so long sanctioned. If a: vigorous effort had been made to keep the ? Land Fund intact ; if Parliament, instead of trusting to it to make np any deficiencies in the current income, had boldly grappled with the question of tax ation, the finances* would not only have had a healthy appearance, but they would have stood the test of the strictest inves tigation. The usual returns as to Loan Expendi ture are appended The statements are made in the form in which they have appeared during the last three or four quarters. This is a very great improve ment upon the form in which they used: to be published; but we trust that when the Finance Commission has finished its labours it will be possiblo to present the quarterly returns as well a» the annual statement of accounts in such a shape as will enable any one at a glance to understand exactly the true position of the finances. The expenditure out of loan money has been £422,357. The total debt, exclusive of the bonds not yet issued, amounts to £9,883,400, and the quarterly requirement for interest is ? £104,774. In another column will be found the particulars of the Revenue and Expenditure for the quarter and year. We have not in the present instance given the Estimate of Income and Ex penditure for the year, because the revised Ways and Means have not yet been presented, though the Treasurer has promised that they shall be laid beforo the House to-day. The Pictckes fob the Abt Gallery. —It is extremely gratifying to find that, whilst some critics were at first disposed . to undervalue the pictures selected from the Melbourne Exhibition for the South Australian Art Gallery, and to question the choice as being hasty and prema ture, there is abundant proof that the selection is an admirable one. Not only so, but our Melbourne neighbours go so far as to resent the fact of Adelaide having had the first choice. In the Argus cf October 15 the description of the German pictures selected is most graphic, and brimful of praiBe for their general excellence. Of the landscapes the reviewer thinks. that, taking thorn alto-' gether, 'they have no Buperiora in the Exhibition for fidelity to nature,, poetry of feeling, and conscientious work manship.' Of L. Blanc's exquisite picture, 'After the Bath,' the brush work is described aa -( marvellous,' and a picture of ' Evening,' by Poachinger, is alluded to as being 'as admirable for the thoughts it suggests as for the objects it depicts.' In an article, published in another paper upon ' Our Picture Gallery and the Exhibition,' the pictures are alluded to as ' those care fully selected ones;' and further,, the powers that be in Victoria are chided' for allowing another colony to step in and take the first pick, and 'secure all the gems of the collection.' In addition to these tributes to the value of the collec tion, a correspondent, writing to the Argus, thinks 'that a mistake has been, made in having permitted pictures to have been selected without having had them submitted to more open competition.' He ( states further that the list of selected pictures includes two from the Belgian Court, for whioh 50' per cent, more than has been given, could readily have been obtained. From these and other similar strictures upon South Australia having picked the best of the pictures it would seem that wo have even roused the envy of our neigh bours. This consensus of opinion will, we believe, have the effect of removing, the doubts of those who may have feared that the choice of pictures was made too quickly and without due consideration. of their merits. Mails bt thb Oribxt Stbamies.— Messrs. J,. Stilling & Go. inform as that letters whioh were posted in Adelaide per P. & O. mail on July 24 reached London via Brindisi on September 8v whilst the duplicates of same, which were posted per s.s. LigurU on July 31, reached London via Naples on September 2, thos over taking tbe originals by thirteen days, and the steamer herself was at Plymouth on Septem-* ber a. Thb Civil Sittinos.— The October Civil Sittings were brought to an end on Wednes day, October SO, by His Honor the Obief Justice, who, with a Jury of twelve, disposed of the last case on the list— Beinold Anrep v. 'W. H. Smith & Sons. This was an action to recover £850 damages for breach ol contract. The contract was to carry tbe plaintiff's trunk, containing valuables, from Melbourne to Ade laide in the s.s. Lenra in April list. Tha trunk was duly received by tba defendants,, but somehow it was lost and never reached Adelaide. A verdict was given for £150 damages. St. John's Ohubch —This evening the new schoolroom in connection with this Obarch it to be opened by a public meeting, in which the Lord Bfcbor., the Dean, and Archdeacons Dove and Fair, bt sides other members of the clergy,, will take part. Flqweb Show. — To - day the Flower Show, held under the aagpicea of the Ssath Australian Horticultural and Florioultural Society, is to take place at the Town Hall. The Model Band will play in tbe balcony during the eulier part of the evening, and selections of music will be given in the nail. AoaLAroa Children's Qobpitil.— Dr. Verco will deliver the second of a course of lectures at. ?he Hospital this afternoon. Tbe subjeot will be — 'The temperature o! the hucrun body in. dUtRse.' Tbavcjlb Bt-lawb.-A special meeting of the City Council was held on Wednesday morn ing at the Town Hall, in compliance with the following requisition :— u We the undersigned request you to call a meeting of the Council for 12 o'clock this day. to petition Parliament sot to agree to the motions standing in the name*' of Metsri. Ooltou and Sandover, requesting that His Excellency shall be advised to withhold confirmation of the Tramcar By- laws ot ' this Corporation. Signed. W. D. Olaxton, W. Holland, H. C. Richardson.' There were present His Worship the Mayor (Mr.E. T. Smith,. M.P.), Councillors Hammond, Downs, Claiton, Kichardson, Banders, and Hsgedorn. His Wor ship haying stated that the motion* referred to - in the requisition came on in both Houses that day, Councillor Olaxton explained that be had only seen the notices of motion in the paper that morning, and he considered that an attempt wasbeicg made to rash thii matter through Par liament. He proposed that both Houses should, be petitioned by tbe Council, and read a rough ? draft of the petition he had drawn up. The peti tion gave a resume of tbe history of the continued prmntatiou abd returning to the Council of the Tramway By-law*, and ended with tba prayer to each honourable House ' to pass tbe said By-la wi at printed.' He did this becauts he thought that tbis was an attempt on the part cf the tramway proprietors. Directors, or anare holdets, of which there were many in both Houses, to prevent the Corporation having doe - control over the comfort and safety of tha citizens. He moved that the Council adopt - the petition, that it be signed by tbe Mayor - and Town Clerk, the Corporation seal affixed to ? it, and that the petition be presented to- day. CooDcillor Richardson seconded tbe motion,, diaclaimh g being actuated by any factious ? opposition to the Tramway Companies.- He believed there were only two of their bylaws that were objected to, asd he thought that if the Council gave way in respect if overcrowding tbe Tramway Companies wooldlgive np every thing else. Tbe motion was carried. Coun cillor Olaxton moved tlwt the petitions be en trusted respectively to the Hon. Henry Scott,. M.L.O., and Mr. Bray, M.P. In patting the putting the motion His Worship said that he would be very pleased to tee Tramway By-law* passed. He had been, perhaps, the principal opponent of the confirmation of the by-laws in tbe past, arid be was sure any unprejudiced - pmon would ssy that many of these laws had been very objectionable. Since then, however, tbe by-tews bad been revised very mack for tbe better. He must not, how t vtr, be misunderstood as endorsing every one of the by-Iswrr but if it were possible , to get -one or two slight alterations made with out rejecting tbe whole of the by-laws, he ' should fed it to be his duty in the House to support sneb alterations. An irregular «oaver txtton followed as to the interpretation of certiinof the Cannes objected to. The motion km -carried, and the Council ad journal. In tha Legislative Council on Wednetday Mr. Sand over's motion in reference to tbe tramway rule* was agreed to. Mr. Cotton's motion in the Atiembly was partiaily discussed, and the debate was adjourntd. Tbb Apfboeriatiox Bnx. — The var ioaa reports of the Committee of Supply having been adopted by the House of Assembly on Wednes day, the Appropriation Bill was introduced and promptly carried throngh the various stages as far as the third reading. At this point Mr. Bray rose to again place on record his protest; ( against the Government increasing the salaries j of high officials in the present stita of the | finances, instead of showing a spirit of economy, I as the Ministers of the other colonies -were at j present doing. He also objected to the Govern ment going into reces3 with the prospect of a i large deficit, bet without giving any further | statement as to the financial condition. With i regard to the Northern Territory the proposed taxes, he said, would nave the effect of reaching I the wrpng people. The Government had expressed their intention of introducing another Bill to deal with Chinese immigration, but the proper plan would have been for the Chief Secretary to have moved to rescind the motion against the i farmer Bill passed by the Legislative Council. I A clanse could then have been inserted restrict- I ing the operation of the measure to the Northern Territory. The Ministry had an nounced that they would submit the question of I t xation to the constituencies. That, however, was a matter which could not be considered in ita details by the electors, but Parliament should take the responsibility of settling it. After a few remarks from Mr. Weat-Erskine, who sup ported Mr. Bray's suggestion as to the Chinese Bill, Mr. Colten congratulated the Government on netting away at the end of the session so easily aa they appeared to be doing. His Government, he added in a tone of regret, were not let down so lightly. He expressed the hope that the question of taxation would be put very clearly before the country, but he felt that with retrenchment and the fostering of our sources of iccome further taxes would not be necsssiry. Mr. Landeeer followed with a strong protest against extravagance, taxation, and Northern Territory mismanagement, and Mr. Parsons also made a preliminary address to the electors. Mr. Coglin gave utterance to a fervent speech in favour of the Ministers, and Mr. Oavenagh added a few remarks to the effect that the Government had done a great injury to the colony by increasing the cost of the Civil Service. The Treasurer, in his reply, thanked the leading members of the Opposition and the House generally for the courteous way in which he as leader of the House had been treated. It was his intention, he said, to introduce revised Ways and Means, and if the House wished it ha would mike an ex planation ot the figures. In reference to the argument that it was not desirable that the question of taxation should be submitted to the constituencies, he said this course was actually adopted at the last election, when nearly every member promised to support an alteration in the present system, bat there was a difference of opinion as to the exact course to be pursued, -and the Bills were thrown out. On this occasion the Government would formulate a definite scheme, upon which the electors could say ' Yea' or ' Nay.' As to the Civil Service, be was aware cf the gravity of the question. Whoever was in office sext session must deal with the matter, and although the Government intended to call in the aid of a Commission they would take the whole responsibility in the matter. There was not, however, the same need for vigorous action here as in the other colonies, as in the other provinces— notably Victoria extravagant salaries were paid, while in South Australia the establishments actually cost less than they did three years ago. In reference to the Chinese question, Mr. Mans said that if any emergency arose in the Northern Territory the Government would not hesitate to double, treble, or quadruple the police force in order to protect the population. He concluded by Btating that the passing of this Bill would not induce the Government to neglect the passage of other important measures, although no doubt some of the Bills on the Paper would be dropped. The third reading was then agreed to. Railway Workshops. — la the Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Bower moved a motion oppos ing the Government scheme for erecting Rail -ray Workshops at Islington. The hon. gentleman urged that the proposed site nil unsuitable, owing to its proximity to the proposed sewage farm at Tarn O'Shanter Beit, and that owing to the distance at which the workmen would have to live from town they would demand higher wages than those ruling at present. A much better site, he contended,could be obtained at Port Adelaide. The Government had a river frontage of about 2,000 feet, which could fee easily made into a good wharf, at which material for the public service could be landed. Near this they had several hundred acres of land, where the work shops could be erected and the money at present spent in the transit of rolling-stock and materials would thus be saved. The Com* missioner of Public Work*, in reply, contended that Islington was, taking all things into con sideration, the most suitable site. He pointed out that as most of the rolling-stock would be used on the neithern lines it would be much more convenient to have the repairing works in Acelaide than at the Port. During the discus sion that followed Mr. Bos worth urged that it would serve the purposes of economy if there were one establishment for both railway and harbour works. The motion was negatived. Pasuakbxtabt SiLABias Birx.— Clause 37 of the Constitution Act provides that the salaries of the President of the Legislative Council and of the various officers of that body shall be at least equal to those of the Speaker and officers of the House of Assembly. There has for many years been a strong feeling among members of the Assembly that the provision is an unjust one, inasmuch as the officials con nected with the Lower House have much more exacting duties to perform. Several attempts have been made to repeal the clause, but the Council has never agreed to the amendment. Another attempt in the same direction is being made by Mr. West-Erskine, who on Wednesday moved the second reading ot the Parliamentary Salaries Bill. The measure met with no op position, and was passed through all bat the final stage. ' New Ck3tetkbt tor Adbuudh.— On Wed nesday Mr. Parsons's motion expressing the opinion that the site of the new cemetery should be connected with the City of Adelaide by rail way came before the House of Assembly. The hon. member argued very strongly that it would be a mistake from all points of view to adopt a site at several miles? distance which could only be reached by road. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, in his reply to the hon. gentleman's remarks, showed that he had devoted a great deal of attention to the question. He had at last decided to accept the recommendation of the Superintendent of Cemeteries for the adop tion of a site, on the South- road. This, it appears, can be connected with the Nairae Railway by a siding; bat Mr. Flay ford does not believe that funeral trains would be popular in South Australia. After several speeches had been made the discussion was adjourned, for a -week, and the chances are that the prorogation will prevent its being resumed. The Opera.— Lyster's Open Company repro duced the ' Grand Duchess' at the Boyal on Wednesday night, to s good average bouse, His Excellency Sir W.F.D. Jervois being amongst the audience. The east was the same as it was on the Gist representation on Monday night The performance was pleasing, without being in any degree strikiBg. Miss Lambert shone to better advantage than any of the others. Miss May was rather weak both in her singing and acting, still she met with considerable favour. The other principal performs: s were tolerably effec tive, and the opera taken altogether went smoothly enough. ' Faust' will be repeated to night, with Madame Rose Hersee as Marguerite and Mr. Verdi as Mephistopbeles. PiaBOH- Fttrao.— Mr. W. J. Symonds, of Gawler, who has three homing birds training, has during the past few davs made the following ?* Bights with his birds : — From Miutaroto Gawler —The birds were tossed at 11.40 am., and Bismarck arrived at Gawler at 1.23 p.m. ; dis tance. 57* miles. From the 70J milepost they were tossed at 12,8, and reached Gawler at 1 55 p.m. From the Burra they were tossed on the 18th at 11.45, and arrived at Gawler at 2 p.m.— ft distance of 16 miles. Bismarck, however, has been lost, not haviDg been eeen since he was tossed at the Burra. Yesterday the birds were tossed at Mount Bryan— a distance of 86 miles —at 12 30, and reached Gawler at 2.15 pan., doing the distance in 1 hour 45 minutes. The Sisthb3 of St. Joseph's Caritom a.— It may be interesting to many to note the state ment published in our advertising columns ol the money taken at the bazaar and caritonu lately held in the Town Hall by the Sisters ol St. Joseph. The amount realized, after expenses were paid, was £l,C03 9s. Sd. EiQHT-HorRS Assocuti»5.— A special meet ing of the members ot this Association will bt held in the Metropolitan Hall, Grote- atreet, this evenitg, for the purpose of discussing matter: re increase of hours at Mount Gambler. Post Athulidh Cosqrbgatiohai. Ohubch.— A service of song, entitled ' Christians,' will be given in this church this evening by the Porl Congregational Sunday-school. Torso Mks's Chbistias Association. — A conversazione in connection with this Asso ciation will be held at the Booms, Gawler-place thif evening. There will be an exhibition oi microscopes, mega - lithoscopes, grapnoscopes pictures, cariosities. &c;_ lent by Sir Thomas Elder, Messrs. D. Murray, J. A. Holden,D. B Adamson, H. L. WhitteU, H. O. Mais, E. D Stock, ard Drs. Moore and Thomas. Pbesestatioh.— A handsome present of plah * was given on Wednesday afternoon to Mrs. J Bares by her employe's as a taken of resped en the occasion of her birthday. ETABQIQ THB PSOBATI XXD SUCCMSHW Dems.— Mr. Haines, on Wednesday, made an amusing speech, and succeeded in carrying a motion he moved for a return ** containing a list of all transmissions of land in the Lands Titles Registration Office since October 23, j 1ST6, under wills, codicils, and exemplifications j of wills which had not been previously proved in j the Supreme Court of South Australia, together , with the Barnes of the testators, the value of '? each separate property aa declared for the pur- j poee of the assurance fund, and the ameunts of ; probate and succession duty paid in each , separate case.' He said he proposed the motion ! ' at the riak of being thought a bore, or of open- j ing up a curiosity shop,' but the fact was , he had no such desire. He only wanted j ' straight information,' and he feared this j had hsxdly been given earlier in the ? session, wien he moved for a similar return, ; and when the answer was ' nil.' He said it j appeared that the rich people went oat of the j colony to die, and so evaded the succession | duties, while the poor had to die here, and their j estates had thus to p»y the tsx. This remark about the rich going out of the colony to die, in order to evade a tax, elicited from Mr. West Erskine the remark that thej were ' cunning dogs,' and th&t; the hon. member nad suggested to nim a wrinkle, which might be useful in the event of his ever having a large amount of property to leave. Some of the statements made by Mr. Hainea created a good deal of j amusement, but several hon. members admitted I that the law was now being systematically \ evaded, and the Attorney-General, in I agreeing to the motion, said he would | try and have the information prepared j next day. Ho said he believed it would i be advisable to amend the present Act, and he had in fact some time ago instructed Mr. I Rupert Icgleby to draft a Bill for that purpose, but owing to Mr. Inglebj's illness this had not been got ready. The Hon. L. Glyde thanked ( the hon. member for Gumeracha for having j brought the matter forward again, and said j there was not the slightest doubt but that the duties were being evaded in a systematic way, and that the revenue had thus lost several thousands of pounds at the hands of the very class whom there had always been an effjrt to tax, namely, the absentees. Meetihg at Sbvekhills.— A meeting of the Clare and Stanley District Councils was held at Freeman's Hotel, Sevenhills, on Tuesday, October 19, to consider the best means to adopt to get the road from Sevenhills to Mintaro repaired and placed on the schedule of main lines. There were present— Messrs. T. Priest, J.P., Faulkner, Horgan. Malycha, Councillors of Stanley District, aud W. E. Giles, Clerk, and Messrs. Asbby, Thomas Koslowski, Pike, and Ruciak, Councillors of Clare District, and J. L. Smith, Clerk. Mr. Thompson Priest, J.P., was voted to the chair. The Chairman, having briefly stated the object of the meeting, remarked that the traffic on the road in question was now so great that some means must be adopted to place it in a decent state of repair, and make it safer than it was for travellers. It was the natural j and most direct route for people from Clare, Sevenhills, Penwortham, and Hill River to the railway. The road was at both ends, from Clare to about one mile south of Sevenhills, and froai Mintaro to the railway station, on the schedule of main lines, and the road between these, about seven miles, was in a very bad stite. The District Councils were quite unable to deal with the matter, as they might spend all their rates on this road without miking any visible improvement. The Stanley Council had applied for a grant of £1,000 to repair some of the worst places, but this had been refused. He thought, however, the matter should not be allowed to drop. Mr. Ashby, the Chairman of the Clare District, said the Olare Geuncil had also applied for a grant to put their portion of the road in repair, but they had quietly been put off with the answer that the Surveyor of the Road Board would report cb it. He was of opinion that the united action of the two Councils would have some good result. Other members of the Councils having spoken to the same purport, it waa resolved — ' That a sum of not less than £2,000 be asked for to repair the road, with a view to having it eventually placed on the schedule of main lines.' It was also carried that a deputation, consisting of (gie Chairmen of the Councils and the Mayor or some member of the Corporation of Clare, wait on the Commis sioner of Public 'Works to strongly urge the above request, and that the members for the district and others acquainted with the road be asked to accompany the deputation. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was duly ac knowledged, terminated the meeting. The Police Bill.— Mr. Bray introduced into the Assembly a few days ago a Bill providing that for the future the whole cost of supporting the police shall fall upon the State. The second reading was set down for Wednesday, but Mr. Bray moved that the Order of the Day be read and discharged, as it was evident there would not be time to get the Bill through this session. He explained that his reason for introducing the measure was that it was unfair to expect local bodies to pay half the cost of maintaining the police, as they had no voice in deciding as to the number or management of the force. In accordance with the hon. member's motion, the measure was dropped. Bailwat Hatxagb.— Eecently the House of Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Cooke, ordered a return showing: — 1. What is the cost of haulage per ton at the main north line of rail way for distances of 10, 20, 50, 75, 100, and 119J miles respectively, inclusive of mainte nance but not of cost at stations. 2. The average cost for management and station work per ton of goods carried. 3. Whether there is any material difference between the cost on the above and other lines of railway. The return was laid on the table of the Assembly on Wednesday, and is aa follows : — 1. The average cost, all expenses included, per ton per mile (of passengers and &oodi;) on the main north line of railway during 1879-80 was 2'72d. The passenger traffic is comparatively more expensive per ton than the goods. The cost is approximately the same on the various distances mentioned. 2. Owing to the same staff and stock being frequently engaged oc the joint service of passenger and goods traffic, it is impossible to accurately state the cost per ton of goods carried. 3. The cost differs considerably on the various lines, and is affected by the amount of traffic. On the Port Pirie and Jamestown line the whole charges amount to only 1'lOd. per ton per mile. The imaense wheat traffic gives fall employment both to men and stock, and thus reduces the cost ; while on the Kingston and Narracoorte line trains often run comparatively empty, and the cost per ton per mile of passengers and goods canted amounts to T'15d. It is impracticable without more detailed records to arrive at the cost of passenger traffio as distinct from goods traffic. The voluminous report of the New South Wales Government for 1873, page 106, does not attempt this, and the result given as working expenses per ton per mile (about one third of a penny) has reference not to the ton of loading carried, but to the ton loading a*d vehicles combined. If the ton of loading only be taken, the cost was 206d. per mile in New South Wales during 1S73. Thb Mcrbat Memorial Fusd.— The second meeting in connection with the Murray Memorial Fund was held at the Wirrabara Hotel on Saturday, October 16. There was a large attendance, including tw« gentlemen from Melrose. Mr. Milne, J.P., occupied the chair. The Chairman stated that the meeting was convened for the purpose of forming a stan daid committee, the members of which would greatly assist in collecting funds for the erection of a memorial to the late Mr. A. S. Murray. The Hon. Secretary then read the minutes of the previous meeting. The Chairman ex plained that the preliminary committee formed at the last meeting was to enable the Secretary to correspond with a number of the deceased gentleman's friends. This had been done, and many had expressed their willingness to bave their names placed on the committee. Fifty-one names were then placed upon the committee. Mr. Cameron proposed that a sub committee should be formed ia Adelaide, and that the Secretary should instruct Mr. J. Harvey that his suggestion had been favourably considered. Mr. J. Ferguson seconded the motion, which was carried. It was also pro posed by Mr. Cameron, and seconded by Mr. Fry, that a sub- committee be formed at Mel rose. Carried. Mr. Victorsen stated that when formiBg sub-committees it would be advisable to term tte Wirrabara Committee the standard. This was agreed to. Mr. Moran, of Melrose, thought that a time should be fixed for subscrip tion-books to be returned to the head committee, and that the present committee were going ahead too fast. They should allow the sub - committees more time to make the matter more public, and, in his opinion, when the day of reckoning came the united com mittees would then be able to erect a memorial far handsomer thin was at present anticipated. The Chairman, in reply, said that it was the wish cf all present to confine, as much as possible, the subscriptions amongst the personal friends and acquaintances of the deceased, in order to prevent what he termed enemies from interfering, as already had been done through a circular having been sent to a supposed friend at Caltowie. Mr. Clarke wa appointed | Treasurer to the fund. Mr. Challenger pro ! posed that all subscription-books should be called in on January 31, 1SSI ; seconded by Mr. Clarke, and carried. A vote of thanks was thea i accorded to the visitors from Melcose, also to I the Chairman, which was well received. The meeting then adjourned until October 27. Attejiptsd SnctDB. — We ascertained at the Hospital last night that Robert Selkig, the man i who attempted to commit suicide by stabbing | himself in Sjnagogne- place, is progressing as 1 well towards recovery as can be expected. Adelaide Striso QoamhtGhjb.— On Wed- , nesday afternoon the sixth and last concert of the Adelaide String Quartet Club was given at the Academy of Music. The programme did not * present so much variety as usual, there being j six numbers, three of which were chosen from | Mendelssohn, two from Beethoven, and one ! from Goltermann. The proceedings opened with J Mendelssohn's String Quartet, Op. 12, No. 1, in \ ?which Messrs. Hall, Chapman, Sehrader, and j Winterbottom took part. Thia work is essentially j characteristic of its great composer. It begins j with an adagio movement, which was given : with much expression, then follow an allegro and an andante, and the quartet endM with a : delightfully quaint canzonetta allegretto. Of the ' beauty of these movements it is needless to say anjthinc but we may congratulate the instru- ? mentalists on the way in which they ; rendered them. The next item was a i violoncello solo — intermezzo. Op. 48., by Gol- , termann, in which Mr. Wiuterbottom, not- : withstanding the simple nature of the com- j position, showed how thoroughly he is master of his instrument. Then followed one of j Beethoven's sonatas, Op. 2, No. 1, for the piano, at which Mr. Py bus officiated. This gentleman, j who appeared for the first time in connection | with the A S.Q Club on this occasion, playel ' in bis usual well-known style. After the usual interval Messrs. Hal], Schrader, and Winter bottom took up the striDgs again, and gave Beethoven's Serenade, Op. 8, for violin, viola, and violoncello. This elaborate composition presents innumerable difficulties on account of the succession of varied movements contained in it, but the pel formers had evidently given j careful study to the work, and their rendering j of it was received with general gratification, j After this Mr. John Hall played a solo, Mendelssohn's Andante from Violin Concerto, Op. 04, in which he was accompanied on the j piano by Mr. Schrader. The delicate way in j which he treated this exquisitely pathetic com- ' position brought down the hoase, and proved I once more that there is no instrument so ' capable of appealing to the emotions { of a music - loving audience as the j violin in the hands of a good player, j A trio for piano, violin, and violoncello/arranged from Mendelsshon's ' Lobgesang Symphony,' ' brought the concert to a close. It was a happy j selection for the last number of the last concert : of the Club's first season. The solemn adagio and religicso were suggestive of good work well j done, of high efforts having met with their , reward ; and the artistic manner in which these ! movements were played proved beyond doubt ; that to strive after a higher standard in musical ! art resulted in its eventful attainment ; and in ' thej first allegretto, so full of Mendelssohn's j bright and poetic spirit, there seemed to breathe ? forth encouragement and hope for the future of j the work which has been so bravely initiated by | the members of the A.SQ. Club. We notice ] that an extra concert will be given at the i Academy of Music for the benefit of professional j members on Saturday afternoon, November 6, j at 3 p.m, on which occasion the programme j will comprise a symphony for full orchestra and selections from previous concerts of the Club. SotTH Australia* Mixisci Association. — i The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in this Association was held at their effices on Wednesday. Six gentlemen were present, and Mr. John Beck presided. At the request of Mr. Tomkinson, the Secretary (Sir Henry Avers) explained in what way the diffe- - rence of upwards of £19,000 had been ! made to the value of the property ! since last meeting. He said after having for | several years allowed the amount to remain at ? the same point, they had called Jin the j Accountant resident at the mine to make a ; fresh valuation of the freehold property, pro ducing rentals, together with the amount to be j received fcr portions sold and n^t yet; due. On the Burra property the valuation had increased from £22,000 to £29,000, and Gq the Kooringa acd Graham townships property, from £38,000 ! to £46,000. That with other additions m&de; up the amount. The Directors had kept coDsider ably within the new valuation of the Accoun tsnt, so as to be sure of realizing the amount stated. They were continually realizing any surplus stores, and expected during the ensuing half-year the liabilities of the Company would be discharged, and there would be funds to pay a dividend some time next year. The mine remained in the condition in which it was left on the cessation of operations, and waa ready to be worked whenever tha price j of copper in creased bo as to make jit desirable. In sinking recently for foundations and boring for . water, copper hadj been struck at no great depth, and thia might also be looked upon as increasing the value of the pro pel ty at some future day. The new valuation had been worked on from June lajt, and in each case of sale had been more than realized. The affairs of the Company were very economically conducted , and the shareholders were assured thst they bad a good Bound property, the value of which, so far ss could be judged, represented £7 per share irrespective of what the mine itself might be worth. On the motion of Sir John Morpbett, seconded by Mr. Tpmkinson, the report was adopted, and the meeting closed. Pefpee's Ghost. — Professor pepper enter tained another appreciative I audience at Garner's Theatre on Wednesday Avening. The programme was admirably arranged from beginning to end, the spectators pot only being treated to spectacular illusions calculated to excite their astonishment, but the taste for the intellectual was gratified by & cla»sical exhibition of most beautiful specimens of famous statues, so faithfully represented that they looked like the solid marble. The romantic classical story of Pygmalion and Galatea was illustrated in so artistic a faahion that the audience could not restrain their admira tion, but broke into hearty acclamation. The ghost effects were very wonderful, and the Professor's cool, self-possessed, and withal humorous' mode 'of explanation was no less entertaining. The audience, who had been all along intensely interested in all that took place, were sent home in the greatest good humour by the laughable sketch of the ' Worried Barber,' which was funny to the last degree. The same programme will be given to-night. Teiegeaph Statiom at thb Meadows. — A deputation, consisting of the members of the District Council of Kondoparinga and residents of Prospect Hill, Bull's Creek, and the Mea dows, waited upon the Minister of Education (Hon. T. King) on Wednesday morning, October 20, and asked that a Telegraph Station might be erected at Meadows. The deputation presented a petition, signed by SO persons living in tba district, which stated that : — We, the Distiict Council of Kondoparinga, and resi dents of Bull's Ore«k and the Meadows, beg respectfully to ask for a telegraph line to the Meadows, as the said place is centrally sitnatcd for all of the above townships, and being on the main road to Goolwa would only need a continuation of the line for Clarendoo, and the townships between the two places could bave a connection if required. After pointing oat the convenience the telegraph would be to the millers and the residents in tho neighbour hood, the petition went on to say 'that the poles for the line could be obtained within a short distance, which would thereby lessen the expense of the work. The Meadows has a daily msil to Adelaide, and over 2,000 letters pass through it to Adelaide per month, besides a great number of telegraph messages.' The members of the deputation spoke in support of the petition, and pointed out that at present great inconvenience resulted from perions wishing to send telegrams from the Meadows having to go either to Echunga, Cla rendon, or Macclesfield with them. Tne Minister of Education pointed out that the cost of the operator at Clarendon waa £120, and that the total 'receipts for that place was £112. At the Meadows £31 wns received from the Post-Office. He would have an estimate of the cost of the line prepared, which he would submit to the Cabinet, and he -would send an answer as to what the Government would do at an early date. The cost of tho line would be about £7C0. He did not think there was any chance of having the work brought before Parliament this session. Albebtojt Baptist Chtbch Ajwivzbsabt. — Services in connection with this Church were celebrated in the above - named church oa Sunday, October 17, and continued on the fol lowing Tuesday exec ing. Mr. J. Smith pre sided. On the platform there were the Revs. Llojd (Pastor of the Church), J. Price. J. L. Carter, H. Morgan, and J. Casely (Wesleyan). I On Sunday services were conducted in the 1 morniDg by the Rev. S. Mead, and in the evsn i ing by the' Kev. J. McNeill, and at each there ! were unasually large attendances. No fewer ! than 220 sat down to tea. From the report read by the Rev. _ Mr. Lloyd a very satisfactory state of affairs waa shown. The pastor referred to the financial condition of the church and the increased membership. j The Church was now holding enquiries into the fitness of several persons who were candidates. Th« Chairman exhorted all to co-operate with ! the pastor in his work. He said the Church was ! -never in a mere Qcunihing state, and hoped j that all would exert themselves to follow up i the work they had begun. The choir, under ! the able ccniuctorship of Mr. Filsell, discoursed some choice selections of music, and the prc : ceed ings closed at tn early hour. ForsD Dboivsed.— The dead body of a man was found by Mr. E. & Freeman in the rivei under the Frorne Bridge, on Wednesday, at hadf past 9 o'clock. From docaraents foend on ihi body it baa been identified as that oi George Ccoper, who waa in the South Australian Polic* Force in 165S. and has been in Sydney foi twenty years since. The body, which appears ; to have been in the water for eight or nine days, ; now lies in the deadhouse, and aa the Coronei ; bas been communicated with bo doubt ax i inquest will be held shortly. I Ejhehtaikhexts. — Entertainments will Ik ' given this evening at St. Bartholomew's School \- jjorwood, and at the Walkerville Schoolroom. 