T ft ^i'SE LEuTED fOUifKY • IN THE STORM. ; THE STORY TOLD INTHE VERNACULAR r, : , BY THE HOST. '/JSy Rosb Haetwick Thobpb, . Anther of ' Carfew Must Not Sing To-night," " The.; Ned Cross,"., "The Station Agent's Story,'' &c.; " Walk in, walk right in, yeu're welcome; "Whew! how the wind whistles about. Sake fixhair close to the fire, sir; It's a bad sort of night to be out. Ton saw our light through the darkness And' thovifiht you would come? That is right, Somehow ho heart's warmer and softer On ev'ry sach blustfrin' night. " Here, take a. good drink from the bottle, 'Twill warm you. You won't? Why not? You look.liko you'reneedin' o' somethin', And this is the best that I've gOt._ Well, wife, juist you get out some victuals, And. make a strong oup of tea, Ana while' she's a-gettin' 'em ready You'll take a good smoke with me?. " That's right, it seems kind o' friendly And brotmrly like, I think By th'way} stranger,'tira't often That a man refuses to drink! Bat just as you like. Hear the wind, nr, A tearin' like all possessed, As though all the demons o9 darkness, Were troubled and couldn't rest. "You seem sort c? pale like andnervous, Your walk was too muob, I think; Come to look, you're white as a ghost,sir; Seems to me you'd betterdrink. Well, weH, I wont urge ^ou, but really—■ - What's that you're sayin'—this night With its storm makes youthink of another And the mem'ry saddens you quite ? " It must ha.' been somethin' dreadful To m?.ke you so tremble, I think; : You don't j» 7y,you lost wife and habv, , And all through the demono'drink? X own I thought it was queer like, For 'most ev'ry one drinks, you know, And I oould'nt see why the tearin' (F the stcrm should trouble you so. "Mayhap if you'd tell me the story, T would ease up your mind a bit. Twas just such a night as this one Taint likely I'll ever forgit— That oar blessing came, and somehow When the wind and storm are abroad, There's a queer kind o'feelin' in here Asorto'cbanksgivin' .toGod. "I don't take much stockin preachers, Can't sav i believe in a hell; Love God? Why bless you, sir, sometimes My thoughts are too precious to tell. When the ioog day's work is over, And I sit by tne fire atnight— What's that you were sayiu'? Oh, surely I oouldn'i ha' heard you right. 111 wasn't m ore'n half way listeuin'— Fa thinhiu' o' Dolly, you see. Did you say thatyoqr wife went somewhere, And you dropped in after tea ? That she weut home kind early; But'they urged you to stay a spell, You told her you'd bring the baby. And see'twas bundled up well ? "At last the wine you'd be'n drinbin' Had somehow got into your head; The wind and the storm were dreadful When you started for home, you said ? . . Bee here, stranger, 'twasn't near Alta, Just five years ago to-night? .. Fm thinfein' o' that plaoe always, So I couldn't a'heard you right. . ** It was ? And the baby you held it And staggered on through the snow; Your brain growin'drowsy and dizzy; - >. And that is the last you know Of that night and the storm, rill some one Found you there crazy and wild, And carried you home; but surely Now, didn't they find the child ?;. "No? well,I might'a'known it, ' From the first somethin' told me,- 'twas so. You say seme wild beast had got it, There were tracks all about, in the snow. Stranger, see here, if a fellow; A poor sort 6* fellow, you see, Found s purse of gold that its owner Thought he had lost in the sea. : " And.fben he should meet with that owner, Do jrbu thiok it would be a sin . Just to keep it ? when he who lost it Ihenght never to see it dgin ? .' You do ? Well, go on with your story. . Your wife ? Mi ghfc 'a' known she went wild And told you not-to come nigh her Agin till you brought back her child, " Five years sad-hearted and lonely, Five years you've be'n wand'rin' about. Ah, welll to me they've be'n happy; . :. Yes; wife, go bring Dolly out. I see my way clear to duty, When she's right here on my knee; Her white arms clingin'about me,' - Fm a little faint-hearted yon see. " Come here, little Dolly; my baby; ' Give daddy one more kiss, and then Fm a better man than without her I could ever hope toV he'd. - Now. here is 'my story, dont cry. wife, It's tough , but it's right, you know. That nighvsir, ridin'from Alta, I v:u cui^n'the wind and snow. When my horse stumbled, right over , some* *■ thing, - ■-/ V .Imd-when I got off to.see, ; "'Twas a.deed man, leastways I,tbqught.BO, And a child that smiled atme.. . . I unbuttoned my coat aihd laid it In here away from the storm, . . ' - /And somehow, from that very minnit, My heart's be'n soft like and .warm, . We were comin'west, so we kept it;' 'Twan't ours, and we might a'known We'd some day get punished for keepin' The gold that wasn't our own; And while you were tellin'your story The DevU kept whisperin'to me "'Don't tell him; he never will know it: He thinks the child dead, yon see." "But"! jukt had-to—that baby : , . With her cute ways has changed mequite: Once I didn't care a copper, sir, H a thing were wrong or right,", Butnew—well, here is your baby; Her loss oared you of ybpr sin.. lost ih'tce storm, the storm drove you . Bight here to find her agin." 