PAA'lALISAMBN! Mr. Mirams resumed the debate on e the address in reply to the vice-regals: speech on Tuesday. He was not sur-s prised to find that members snpporting C the Government deprecated what they I n were ipleascd to call the rowdyismn and g larrikinism of the late Parliament. tl] They desired that the rowdyism of the ' late Parliament should not be r'epeated, P and for an obvious reason. The Ire- d sent Government were enjoying the re fruits of its; they owed their seats on S the.Treasury bench to political rowdy- d ism. If that portion of tihe press - which passed strictures on what they tl called the Parliamentary rowdyism of 0 the Olposition were in earnest, why (lid they support the pretsent'Govern- P ment, who gave premiums for P arlia- 1 mentary rowdyisms Wihait:sokel t1 loudest--actions or wo ds .i With what grace could lhoi.' menlbete?.p01o- i. site lecture thie House on the conduct t] of hion. membetrs?'hen the Govelnuenit they supported 3aId pit? nioted the.: rch-ctl offendor of thie lIst Psarlianient to i' seat in the Ministrytl. Not .onlvy haid I1 tley pioomoted hati. arlch-offendor, butr, c they 'offeied c`othls' gentlemacln who ob'rked hand in li~iid wsvish him a :s position worth O1000 a year if eIle wmuld only'keep quiest during the pie-';t sent Parliament. Again, it had been tl found thait they had rewaided anrlotler i hen. member .who made himself cdn- h spicious in.,the same direction .last 0ai session by givcing his sons tlie position tl of secreetry.to a fat 'commission: (Op- 01 position cheers.) •Whiit then, could S?t the country :think of gentlenien who | deprecated politicsl larrikinismu when P they were guilty of such conduct b The Governmeonthad made use of the C?t rowdy, party in the House and in 0' the country, and pow they were ' reaping the fruits of their. labors. is In thie Argus the. ,vorlc that tihe Go- 1I vernment had to do was cut out in this s' way: Reestiblishing equilibrium in P' tihe public finmnces, redistribution of ~a teaxation, cestoration 6f public credit, ti renewal of public confildence, and en- ir couragement of the industries of the sE colony. But he asked, was there any- at t~hing in the address indicating that thie Government was going to do this work ? oh It appeared to him that the only way to do this was by increasing the value of s'( the exports, and it was true that there w seemed to be a prospect of bringing bh about more or less tempoiarily this tI equilibrium, but not because of any be action on the part of tIhe Government. P] Fortunately there was an increase in w the price of wool, and there would also cl be the benefits of the exporting of al frozen meat. There was also the fact ne that tie colony was now beginning to sc feel the benefits of thelast loan floated, a And he asked what redistribution vl would satisfy the gentleman who sup- tl ported thie A rdcsdasian newspaper but tl an interference with the existing pro- ti tective tariff? The House had been m told that trade and public credit had P been restored by the present Govern- hF ment entering oflice, but he was not g]1 aware the national credit wanted re- G storing. But he was aware of thlis v fact, that the A8rgus and Austrclassitae d had done their best to damage the ti credit of the colony, in order to des- tl troy the Liberal party, and especially ti Mr. Berry. Then they were told tiat u public confidence had to be revived, aF but in what way? An hen. member h had said that the confidence of the civil service had been restored, but hie i (MIr. Miraimus) believed the true state ' of aflfairs was that the civil servants never felt less confidence than now. li If the Government believed all they 3 said atbout Black Wednesday, then why g did the Government not act :i magna- n nimous part, and say, The late Govern- ' ment did wrong, but we will not follow' ia their footsteps? The present Go vernment, however, did the saie thing, olly in a worse way. (Hear, hear. An heon. mnember: Give an instance.) WVell, there was the dismissal of Mr. Farrell, thie P1arliamoetary librarian. e (Opposition cheers.) WeVhat had thec Gotvernment done to advwcnce the in torests of the industrial classcs? Were the industrial classes benefitted by the t remcoval of the land regulatioes, so that every fthecility might be given to clear tie selector offi his land and allow liis t holding to get into the ihands of the large land owners ? ilr. Deiufy--You know that is not' true. MIr. Mirams-WVhy did the hen. nmelnber not answer the case of the selector brought under his notice by the heon. member for Kaia Kara I Thiere was also the case of.the Yarra Bank sites. The Minister annulled I the sale of these sites on the last day. I This was not done in the interest of Icolonial industries. He hoped the in-F Sdustrial classes would appreciate these . efforts made on their behalf. As to the question of reform, if the Miinistry Swas sincere in its desire to see this question settled, and really believed Sthat the settlement would further the 1prodperity of the colony, why did they Snot throw up their offices at once, be-' I cause they must know that they had Snot the ghost of a chtnce to carry the reform scheme propounded by the I Premier? (Opposition cheers;) It was a mere sham therefore on the part \- of the Government to say that they rcould carry the Service reform scheme. The hen. member for Sandridge (Dr. Madden) had voted against the second readi.ng of the Norwegani schemed1 Messri bDuffy,'Younig, and Jonies bct A4 also votedl? ginst the second reatdig I of the bill 'which embodied the 3bor wegian scheie. The hlon. membeir'Cr " Portland (Mr..Wrixon), in . powerf't 1 :U-Idch, liad also protested against that I cihome, and pointed out that, a joint sitting of the two IHonzes would be al- c iogether. destructive of the Lower c House, except on rare occasions, when the. mijority in the Assembly was overwhelming. That lion. member t would .surely not nova support the S Service scheme, which proposed to in- , crease the. voting power of the Council. t Mr. Tucker thought the address had ( been read with feelings of disappoint- c merit. throughout the country. The i Ministry had no hope of carrying a I Reform Bill, and they were merely i making a stalking horse of that bill, I and using it as a means to hold on to s office. There was a widespread impres- t sion in the colony that the reform t scheme of the Government was indir- I ectly aimed at interfering with the I manhood suffrage of the colony. By i giving certain powers to the Council this result could be achieved. Any such attempt would be strongly op- 1 posed by him. Parliament had been daily threatened by the paper which represented the Government with dis solution. He was quite prepared for dissolution-(cheersand counter cheers) -but he thought it a degradation to I the House that these threats should be ' made in inspired leading articles. When amongst the most, staunch sup porters of the Government were found the holders of large estates, lie thought the acts of the Government should be clbsely watched, and the whole proceed ings of this Parliament regarded with the utmost suspicion. The Government got into office under a kind of false pre tence; the House had already been told that twenty members sitting on the other.side of the House owed their seats to the hon. member for Belfast. Sir John O'Shanassy-T did not say :so. ' , . , Mr. Tucker-Well, then, the lion. i 'member said he had been influential in -the election of twenty members. If it wei'e pbssible to obtain the information , he would, also like to know what , aniount of money had been lavished at the late elections in securing the reiurin of certain candidates. Since the pre sent Government had taken office it I was said that a certain amount of pros- 1 perity had returned to the country, but if they referred to Haytor the real cause for this improvement would be owing to the fact that 3,000,000 bushels more wheat were grown this year than last, and that there had also been a largei production of wool. The Go- I vernment, and the party which sup- i ported it, did not represent the country, t and he was of opinion that if .a dissolu tion took place next day lie would poll in the constituency which he repre sented 500 more votes than he received at the last election. Mr. Walker spoke next in support I of the Ministerial cause and policy. Mr. Barr said, with regard to the reform it had been spoken of as one which would please the Upper House, but he was now rather inclined to fear I that it never would reach that Cham ber. (Hear, hear.) It was owing to E plural voting that the present Ministry were now in office. : Voting of this character was now extending in such alarming directions as to render it - necessary to deal with the subject in some way or the other. In some cases a single man had as many as twenty vbtes, and it' was known that more r than one vote had been exercised by F the same elector in the same consti- t tuency. The hon. member for Rich mond (Mr. Walker) in referring to the C position occupied by the Liberals at home, stated that he would be very glad to follow the lead of such men as Gladstone and Bright. He (Mr. Barr) was glad to hear that, and he would draw his attention to some words ut tered by Mr. Bright, to the effect that they ought to resent any attempt to take from the House of Commons the 1 uncontrolled management of the finance and taxation of the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Madden spoke in defence of the Ministry, and Mr. Davis against it. Mr. Bolton spoke on neutral ground. Mr. Longmore predicted that very ] little would be done by the present Minister to put down dummyism. A great deal had been said as to the dis missals on Black Wednesday, but what had the new Government done for the victims I Sir John O'Shanassy-Restored two men to office and left the others out in I the cold. Mr. Longmore could tell hlion. mem bers something about one of those gentlemen-Mr. Gordon. While he was engineer of the water supply he kept the Coliban 10 or 15 feet below what was supposed to be the point on the embankment which should be reached, and the result would have been, had that state of affairs been con tinued, that the people of Castlemaine and Sandhurst would not have got any water for months after they did. Im mediately aifter his dismissal Major Couchman and the Minister instructed that the level should be raised, and the water was supplied months before it would have reached those towns had I Mr. Gordon's advice been followed. Only two of the highly paid officers had been reinstated, and the real dif ference between the actions of the late Government and the present one were that the former dismissed the officers without notice, whilst the latter gave them a month's notice. In the Lands department Mr. Archer was dismissed. He received his compensation, amount ing to £2400, and the business of the country was transacted quite as effi ciently without him as it was when he was in office. There were other acts of the Minister of Lands to which he would refer at the proper time. He had reinstated others who had been found to have conspired against the de partment, and to have been engaged in dummying. Mr. Gillies contended that there was no obligation o0j part of the Ministry to meetgls .. "?.",on tK , tets^,n.%, Englisli precelonts. He pointed to the sreingtl of his position ; but whiLt over force it may have had was do .troy Cd b3y a Singla reinc ftraoi thei vigilsnt memiber for Ariait, tdint in mlto pi scnt case the (,overiiir dis solsed the House oni ilia eSpress uin derst-ndiign that Path linent wias to be called toiether immesdiitely after the gcnn al olection was over. The debate was brought to a close by dir. Graves who explained tlhe con siderations which induccel him to take a position in the House antagonistic to the Service Government. He wes opposed to the plebiscite, and as strongly oppoeed to the Norwegian schiemne. Althoungh hle had voted against the Berry Reform Bill, he could not recog iiise the leadership of Mr. Service, not having sufficient confidence in him. Ho stronily disapproved ot the action of the Mlinistry in governing the country ten weeks without Parliament, of the mannerin which they hlad repealed the Longmore regulations, and of the dis missal of Mr. Ford, the engineer of construction. At the conclusion of Mr. Graves's speech the motion moved by Mr. Shiels, for the adoption of an address in reply to thie Governor's speech, was agreed to without a divi si0n. 