Nobelist. IN THE FOLD OF THE SERPENT. CHAPTER IV. DAN REGAN. BY DONALD CAMERON, Auther of "Silvercater Bond" "Scripoplis" "Melbourne Life" "Transformation" "For Earthly passions". Sake," "Grit," "La File du Diable," " The Skinfin Ministry" &c.;, &c.; "The means to ill deeds make ill deeds done." "A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring." —POPE. The seeds of trees that fall in open ground, Where they have light, and soil, and air, Are tall and straight and well proportioned found, With spreading boughs and foliage fair. Ji'.nh.u ibe eooJ in aickote fla'ds a pluco, o:omrjciiy, buogrylaml, ! IlDOg?'os upward; uwnried and wilLont graco— i Dtiitmei among lie poors to stand ; Koltbie/actlomoonoloeo thoeiunt— toggles opwwus to wuat it thinks light ! THE newcomer, who handed his horse to the old, weather-beaten man, a pensioner of the family, was none other than the redoubted Dan Regan. As he stood at the door, Walter was struck with the massive iiracter of hid framo, his grand symmetry J form, EO well shown olt' by Kie pictur- .. sjus and tight-fitting dress, and tho great m of latent strength with which, he - apreased the beholden 'Dan's;face—his , iraiwas now covered with his hub— wae jut then in repose, but, for all that, it wore ?pair of determination and courage which flna its oh.racteristio. The suspicious ?{listen ol the Biuoll eyos was tho only diaw atakto hie appeuruncd. It was to Stawbat _o loot of unaffected pride and j?aiare lit up the faces uf the old couplo mc they gazed upon their flraiborn—the Mi'.sroE tho Began, clan. That he was so ?tictit eurpriiio Walter, for it was a); onod ffljiriiient that ho ?as fair superior in body |JBd mind to tho rest. ' Mr. Manton!" eaid Dan. this is a surprise. :Only a few ?|Bsn ago I mot you in the Hall; You sWiitharemadii a speedy trip out?" !? "Uj, lv, D*u," lepiiou VViiiiur, "I only Mfi i sttcll to the hill, as I had nothing to ajuihiiafurnoon." v ? ???-???? wR Hi did nut epoal: o{ Victor, for lie had EiHUittil the old people look QDXione, alter EHUii flraS gludnaea at seeing Dun, and gHPuKi Mm Dan did not regard Viotoi'e ?at all pluaain?. It was evident the ?>4ulki bad been wou over by Viotut'e way, nought that their " lady"—for Kuee g|'iU bj that name on Ema Ureok—would, W{' a "'i marry a geuileman; wuilo Dau ,lo ? ninolj, aid was. too. lar-eiubied, to !fflr w f slB euott ? probability; on the oon- be o?itainly did nnutuar by no muann Wtitutnt. ' ????? . -?. ? raL'WrtVVm glad to see you here," said down, and filling oat a g. ga'wij, ?' for jou are about tho most decent BB _?r*l?toUow, Longeight, mean by watohing HK "'"' doe? a moaee when I am in the far*' li'? veij (filing,'booaaao my brother B|? coaTioied oi that these H|' , f bu ou tuo iook-bnt for Wl, >v 3 Gad ' a ' B euuagh to maka one do BpttiuigtQat wouldxau?u v little trouble. they thiuk wo havo neither loelinge Mr"J?"iJ>iiithor love for our relatives nor ? jffiWMomidves. Buing,oontinuaUy watohed Srl'AeUleoatoirne." ?? i&nai; cay," tepUed Walter, guwdedly, BffiM Oa,, c ' Bree ? iiix the eepionaHO the 1 whlqh'ao often oauaeemea to fKr}} oril?B oat of cheer wciarine?s of lifo. BtiJr a "'" trade, and if they let the public raiae an outcry. BiiiS!' U . exol ataedjDan, with euppreaeed ??r?"?nliwvolee, l *Bomo day they'may ?..''.'""".?owatou mc, but for the "present E> "?"'V I*,1 * , Wna( do * n ey know of our ?jw ,"?', Di n. donr," ?ala his mother, "do ? ad haTe * nollier drO P ol ?mX , ? nM "buti bo- yet be my rnln-r-the drink WSJ,'"". ?h&? leads to heli-V ' ?bta iT 14 not bnt leel newone et tho X! 01 . , he inane face; its expre?don waa titter, reokleeii, despairing. The 9 "It v ug n 8 a 'DBt the bars of its cage.-' ' Wfcvf whisk y t" asked' old Began. M£?? ?un v down, boy; ifo the water of its^S * \' you me an," said Dun, in each father daro not oontradict, !t ?St.bM; a big gkse of MU de wor * tl^. "ho did not. like tho look of 2an,7? rietm, mi wae examining tho feed Ii , teld bo ?ka which were con- M S* f?W caee s. nailed up aaaiasttho ""? ?c Wμ not ainU P loaee4 frith tbdt character. -There wero a few Catholio religious books, but tlio bulk were works of fiction, and not the best fiction either, lhoro wero several of Scott's and Cooper 1 s, notably "Ivttnhoe," 1 "The Talisman," ?" Nick of the Woods," "The Pirate," and several others deuling with chivalry," aud the .romance, of outlawry. Almost; M Harrison Ainsworth's works of thatcharac-' tor were included, and ?? Paul Clillofd" waa the only book if Bttiwer Lyttdn'e. There was quite a ragged v asBortuieuf of three penny HenSitioii aovels, the plots of which were generally of ihe most outrageous order. Ghost stories were not left but, und the Arabian Nights were included. It woe un ili-oineuid selection for a young bush luan of JL)an Kegan'e'character, antt it wub pi-otty evident he wua 'the greatest reader, i '? You'ro lookihg at my library," said Dan to Walter. " Well, u J e a, queer selec tion, but it'a my own. I liko exciting et-riea; roadnjj them takes nic away from the wrstuhed humdruiii life we lead. .1 thiuk i thould die out if it were not for tlieso books, and tho excitementof break ing in hdises. I can conquer them, at ieait." "?.??* ? ??;?? ~ ;i - ". ': ?.??'??? ' ?'.. VValter turned bis fine, finn,:honest : face upon the young man; Dan dro. ped under Xu lit glance ot a man whom he kuoiir to be hia aupauor in intellect and aoul. : "luont liko such books," said "Walter, firmly, "unices their reading 1 ia acu>m junied' by the perural of other and healthier workij. The poison can do ?no lrarm if the antidote ia applied. Tiieae nuvels give vouly ono pua?o of life, and tbo picture ia always distorted and uuliue. Tuby give kilo liuUiu, 'but'lntl io limu the shadows, and siiuU lilt) io nearly ail shadow. Oivu mc tho healthy, manly writings of Siuuliett, Fieldiug, Tuuofceray, tiud Diokeus, bo fall o< the fculiug itim mukea Kogliebmen what they are, so true to human naiaro." D,m gave an impatient shrag. He was ? the uclioiac and oruotu o( the olan, asd it woa not pleasing to lot the old lulka hear one whose language wub so much uupeiiui, whose grasp of uiiud waa bo iutiaiieiy Higher. .' ? The disoaeeion might have guns on lor adme time had not Mm.BsgaD, wuoappearod very auxious, kept winking ttt Waller, to signify that he shonld g? and take Viotor away. Sue evidently dreaded n renouutro between Victor and Dan. Walter, who guessed her iessone, from what bed oome to nie'knowtedge, deteimined to leave. "Well, Dan," eaid he, taking out his watoh, "I'll come ont some other day and have a ohat with you about booka, ior I see you have a fanoy tnat w*y; bat it's getting late,'and I mnst got to town to report a mtoting at seven. Xam muoti obliged to you lor your kiudaens, Mrs. Batjaii. Qood-byo, Mrd. Bggau; good-bye, Mr. Began; goud bye, D*u." ???..? " I'il tako a walk with you as far as Pern Tree Gully," said Din, wiio had a great lanoy for Walter, beoaase in hie heart he anew him to be good, true, and olever. Dan Wns bo aooautomed to mingle only among the nnedaoated, in whose onolos he reigaed soprume, that he hungered to talk with a weil-inlurmod person who would not look down upon him, who, thoagh not wanting in flall-reaptot, had not one alum of pride ia hie composition. ' hue. Bdjjun lifted np her hands in despair at tuiu, but, Willi tho quick wit of her nation, she saw that there was an escape, for when Walter and D ruu dowu aud lull Viotor, and he oouldreaub Uric by aujllier road. These iduas ?he oom luuniuated to Wuller as well as uhe could by eigos, and ho easily oomprehended her plan. Ho, therefore, strolled out with Dan. Fate had, however, ordained matters differently. JDan bad hardly stepped oat, when, the black filly we nave already mentioned aantared up to him, and, with a toss of her beautiful head, laid it on his shoulder. She was evidently lus pet, and a wiliul ono, too. , '? Hallo, Belle 1" .eaid Dan, oureeeiog her well-urohed nvok, a proud, happy emila coining into his iuuo; " glad to see mc home 1 leu't ntie c be&oty;, Mr. Manton ?" " She ia, indeed," replied Walter, who waa very anxious to get away. ." Sao'-e own eiaior to Black Diamond," oon tioaed Dan, meationing a then noted racing mare. "I purchased her when bhe was a ntilo Ihinu, und the police thought for a long timo that 1 had utolea her, tho wretches 1 I bought her with tho greater part of my last year'd Biieaiiag money. I intend to train ncr, and I'll eve auuo of tho Qcit folka a ruu for tbo Handicap and Cap with my Bdlle." . " The day is pasaing," said Walter, " and I muet get along." " Ob, yes," replied Dan, aud ho took a step to go with Walter. Jaut then Viotor und Rose appeared from behmd a oiamp of trees. Viotor had his aim around the girl's waist, and her taoe waa turned up to his lovingly. Sea was within an .aoe of not Boeing tbe pair; and they would have esoapea, but..that Bella whinnied, and he looked bank (it hot. He then oaaght sight of Viotor Mid Bose. Hie face ouanged at once, and beoamb dark and floioe. " What the -aoea that swell out ot a baud-box went here?" he exolaimed, with a great oitlh. " Tbo wretoh deserves hanging." 'i'no pair had hositated. when they were observed, and Viotor hastily withdrew hia arm, bat, eating tb?y wore fairly in lor it, the; o?me on boldly. Victor seemed cool euough, bat Base's fttoo was pale, and it was evident she was greatly ugltated. " Bueo," said D*n, Iα a tone of euppieesed rage, " bow often have I told yon 1 wouldn't hbvo this follow round here 1 Hβ means no good. I know him aud his worksand, Bomb know him to their sorrow—l'm deler miued you won't 1" " Shure,'. , interposed Mrs. Began, who, like a mother hen, bad oomo oat to shield her ohiqke, " there's no harm in it, Dan, dear. I Uose only showed tbo gintieman the garden." ? " Now, mother, chut up," eaid . Ban, fiercely. " Whit did he mean by having hie arm round her t I know him, andyoa don't. Look here," he oontiaaed, addressing Viator, " I know what briage you here, and i J I eatoh jou within a mile ot this place again I'll ? etookwhip yoa nntil that pretty faoe of yoara oan't be recognised by yont mother; and, mark mc, it yoa should be nucce?slal—il harm belalls Bone, by the God that made mc, I'M shoot yoa dead, it I em hauged the next At this moment Boss shrieked, and fell into her mother's arms in a iaint. ; "Oh.JDan, yoa've killed her!" oried the old women, ohsfiog the girl's hands. . . "Periiape it wonld be as well," waa tbe Btorn reply. "Mr. Manton," he oontinned, sp'eakxDg to Walter, who had etood by in a dozod state," take that oreatare out ot my ." B ? D?n Began," eatd Viotor, arawins up his handsome form, and looking ttfeight at the young bashmao," I don'l understand why you enould ipoak to mc in this way. I havo ever treated jour alater wilh reipeot, and U the Wft preletenoe lor mc, that It noUiing ? ' to mc I" B?ld D?n. " HoibiDg to mc U my abler is dregged down to the lowest 1 Dun't try end get over mc te you generally do over others—yoa o?n j. Tbo Idea oiyonr awnjlog Boie; it. ? Uβ, and a Uβ. Wnaf would yoa iWnk U I were lo yW* b? sow lw?e m* eeart. 'Kate ' Grabim ? : Yon .wbnW enow mc the ioot qniok, apd yet I love K*te far.beUeir ibanyou do Bosb. I would never harm her; bat God save?ose from yaur'oohemes. Get swey before 1 lose boutrolof mjfsell." ? : ." Well, eoodbvo, all; ,, eaid Viotor, ooollyi "Good-bye, Mice.Began." ? ' ; ' '. .i" Boee had recovered from, her faintine fll, end wag leeniD? on her.mother;- Whien Viotor ipobo, she looked at him with ayeun iog glanoe, in whlob. deep love and uonlter ?tble despair end terror were' combined. She even madias if ehe were about to tbjow heretlt into his arms, bdt sloppod heraelf *ndMtored c good-bje ia a tone almost tod low to be heard. :: ' ??.;?'. ? .???;.." - ; r " Oome',' Viotor," Baid/'? Walter, .im patiently i anct -the: two walked rapidly Away, and. wero eooh outside the paddopk. -' Aβ they stood for a moment on the brow of tho hill, Walter looked back. Boss and aer mether hadi dieappoared, but the tall, strong form of Dan was to be seen as he walked moodily towards the garden, fol lowed by the filly, Belle. He stopped for a' moment, and, catching a glimpae 6f Victor, ebook hie hand at'him. . ?? The world will yet hear of Dan Eogan/' said Walter, as'they hurried away. "Ho will beiri her Mijcety'a gaol before very long," replied Victor, with a bitter maltoe in hia tono that Walter had sever noticed heretofore. CHAPTER V. - -~'. : .-..? ??? ovtmom. ; .'':':'? .-. ?' ?. Oar thoughts gtvo to our A ccfla their birth, It is the braia that tiinvee tho hand; '. Our fora is but a clod of tattb,. . '. ?: Moved at tho gpirit's atroug comraaxtd. - Neitubb .Victor nor Walter spoko untij they had proB?ed the fern gully? arid were again on Fair View. Hill, where they had lunched. Horetbeyhulredoloae tothobasket which held the acinlhophis. Thosoenehad cowpletely.cbanged. The stillness of the air hadcausei tbo heavy .folds of amoko to settle down upon the valley of Grit, and the town was now shrouded in a thick haza; through which could be seen dark; columns of Biaoke, marking where the: engine ohimneye wore belubing forth their vapour. The sun was low down'in the western horizon, and had the appearance of a huge copper ball. . It waa a strange, weird, inystio soeno, and impresaod the two young . men with awe and a vague dread, for which it would be difficult for them to give the reason. , Man ever sympathises with the aspects of nature. . . ; " I warned yon,',' said Walter,:" that it would be dangerous to visit tho Begana. You ought to khonr by this time that Dan is not to be interfered with. Eoso is his pet, and ho cannot believo youiatead well, neither do I, Viotor; and although wo. are old and dear friends, let mo tell you, I bavo no sympathy with the profligate and . the seducer. God knows," added Walter; with fooling, "I should not, for have I not euifared?; , ? : ?: " You are most; aggravating," replied Viotor. " You are bo prudish, that if you see a follow pay the slightest attention, not at all serious, to a pretty girl, you at once judgo there is Zicnson. Komomber the motfc),''jbToni'ioi, , &c.;" ' * -' < "Bemember, Victor," eaid Walter, in a low voice, "what my mother, my sister, and myself suffored when Alice I —poor Alico!— fell, and let that keep you from the deadly sin of compassing an innocent girl's ruin. 1 confote I sympathise with Dan, and I feel that, if I met Alice's deetroyer, I would shoot him dead, and no jury would convict mc," '??''' "Taking the law in ouo'b liande ia a dangerous thing," muttered Viotor, not looking Walter in tho face. '' "I would not caro," replied Waltor. "You kuow how I worked for Alico;. ho it dearly I loved her. There was a time when I thought my dearest wieh wouldbe realised— that she would bavo become your wife, and thus our affeotion would, have been comented by relationship." i "It was not to bo," said Viotor, still averting his oyes. "Then think, Victor," urged Waller, "that Heaven marks with vengeance tho man who leads others into perdition. He may not meet hia punishment for a time, bun in the end retribution will overtako him. The avenger of blood ever follows the wicked." Viotor laughed. How melodious that laughvWos; how it echoed through tho wosfis liko a strain of music. " You vo mistaken your vocation, Walter," sftid he; " you should havo taken orders. And you believo in Providence, in heaven, in hell, in an after lifo, and all that kind of superstition ? I should have thought your reading of the modern phiosophers cured you of these absurdities I long ago. You know I don't boliovo in anything." .?'.'?. "I do/ replied Walter, "but I think your present belief, if it can bo bo called, Iβ only the result of youth—of reading without judginoot. Darwin and TindaU havo perverted you—wben you grow older you will find the necessity for belief. You aro the typo, I am eorry to Bay, of a largo number of tho rising generation." " Nonaeuso, Walter," replied- Viotor. "Why, four- fifths of the men yoa meet, old and young, don't believe in what yoa call religion, wliat I dab saperstttion—the mere transaitted instinct ot anoostora ogoe ego, who dei&od; what they did not comprehend, and they were bnt babeo/ Prootor's essay on transmitted terrors and inetlnote disposes ot superstition." <'Well, Victor," eaid Walter, " it is useless to argao with yoa jast now. X your mother cannot instil a xeveronoo lor God into yon, the task is too groat {or mc. Bat tho time will oomo, when death has grasped yon, when yoa will ieel the want ot a God." " Pshaw 1" oried Viotor j'.' you wrong me' with jour noneense. My orced is that of the majority ol the modern world. I know not whence I came, whither I go; bat this Ido know—that I live, and that wisdom Iβ to make tho boat of this world, to enjoy love and ploasares wbilo the fire ot youth barns in my veins, and to replace them by avarice and ambition when the fervour ot manhood has faded into the ash ot age. In the words, Walter, oi the Bong I wrote, my oreed in :— Man's life is a rift In Eternity's cloud, Through which brigMljr the aim of existence i? beuniioff ? . . i ? A moment it ihinu, soon eclipsed by the shroud, And ends in a slumber In which there's no dream ins-. . ? Then lot us enjoy the brief gleam, As its raduujce a second sarroonds us: Nor life's pleasures frivolitioa deem, For tho Qrtvo from its bright regions bounds us, "Tbo philosophy of Epionroe," said Walter; " tho philosophy that lands Qβ at sixty without a past to look back to with pleasure, or a fatnre to look fortrard to with bope. Vanitas, Vanitatis/" "It is tba philoiophy of youth—bright, golden youth," Uughed Viotor, joyously, shaking his outle, " that thioke only ot to day, and dreads no morsow; foreuffiolent for tbe day is the pleasure thereof," and hie splendid voice awoke tho echoes as he sang:— They sar thete are Jorrow anl muit, m? anil pain, And a.day Is to oome wboa all plcuara Trill pall n< Then all the more reiuon, awl oil the more ealn To oullall life's flower* boforethus htltu ait ; Then let u? Aα Its r*4l _oe a aecond >arrouodli tv: Kor Lifo'e plM????'rivolitiM doom. ' ? . FDtU?(ii?TcftDmlttbri?ljtrtgtmJ bon?a?tal "Ybd'te tinging finely, mo'giotlemao," said a woman, dreesed in black, who had; JQBt i cotqe up;, ''but if Dan Was here yen, wouldn't be bo merry." ? ???????: : --' '.??? ; jj Boih tuioed round Tilth.a star*. ~ -.'., '; Tue intradoi was B.small'woman, with a ?jpinohod,.daik faoe, deoidedly Hibernian in ?fuatnre. ' .?;'...'.? s ; :''. '. ) ;:?;;;':.??.;.?...???? .-.;.?? i:.????? '';Who?reyou7"askedWalter. V : - : ' -; "'l'm Boss's married, sister," .was the leply; ",an',?e I was ..eroding the. ranges home 1 heard ..that eoarop sieging. If he valued hie bones he'd keep away lrom hero, for our Dan swears hall give bim a beating 41 he oMohei him. ' He'U make you shag another tone, my pretty boy, if you don't kape at home. There, jut think over that, and remember what D*n's eigter, Norab Byan, told je." . , ? . ; ?; ?...'', .',;,: '.:/?? And the woman walked away,, looking baok when ahe got a diskanoa eff, and laughiog sarcaatioally. ;;?';' /..?,,.:;.;.".- -':;:'. ;?..;?:...?? '?: ;?' ' "Well," said Viotor, the nearest approach %o a scowl he eonld master up appearing on his faoe, "they're a oantankeroas crew, and make'as much of Boae as if she were some-' thing extra.. Upon my soul, it's enough to make a fellow .give, them leasqn to.talk, the vain, proud devils," , ..',: .'." ..,.'? .: V Well," said. Welter., " the sooner we start tho better. Are yon going to'take the basket wUhyoU:?"-' ~., ? ?;....'?.?? .. -..-.. ''Oertalnly," said Viotor. "Let ob Bee whether the gentleman with the / fangs is etirriog." : ; .-','.:.;'.. ~..?..? .. ] Hβ topped tho baekot two or. three timos, j and was ultimately rewarded with a rustle, and.tho stroke of the serpent's head at the side of tho basket. ? .? ? ? ? -. ?? ".Xdu won* got mc to help yon, ouyhow,* , said Walter, looking at ttio basket with' abhorrence plainly marked on his faoo.. I don't .want; your help," eaid Viotor j "the basket's light enough. Let us be going, for the eon wilt be. down before we get to Grit."-. ', ? . ???..'?':?.?'. .. ; ? ??'? It was a weary trudge to the town in tho twilight, but Victor appeared quite light hearted, and sprang over obstacles aa if he had not walsod a step all day. Walter fell into a reverie, and, in thought a of his studies and the future, forgot tho exciting incidents of the day. : ; ; ; '-.-. As they entered Grit the sun had vanished behind the banks of haze in the west, and the horiion waa of a; coppery hue. The interregnum of darknesa woe sot to last long, for, just aa they reaohed Cho end o£ the Golden Gully road, and saw iho shop light b, a silvery radiance suffused the eastern sky, and, as they began to descend into town, the full, broad, august orb of the moon was, so to speak, evolved from-tho haze of smoke that hung upon the horizon, and her lovely light soon poetised and refined the striking scene. It was a strange alteration. Grit, in her light, made another and a more lovoly picture than when eradiated by the sun; : "How bbautiful,howreflnod,how sugges tive of dreams 1" said Walter, stopping for a moment to drink in the loveliness of the scene. " Dreams i" replied Viotor. "Tee," he added, in an abstract tono, "it reminds mc of my dream. Pdhawt this is silly." " What is f" queried Wdltor. " Nothing, nothing," said Victor, hastily. " Let's get along, for I've to call upon Matthews, the carpenter." " What for ?" asked Walter. "To give orders for him to come,over to-morrow and make a cose for tho death adder." replied Viotor. " What havo they got at the thoatro to-night?" "' Lucrezia Borgia,' with Zenoni aa the Dnohese, Lucy Cbambors as Orsini, and Eosnati as Gennaro." .??.'. " Capital," said Viotor. " Will yon go ?" "I have to, as a critic," replied Walter. "Well, here's M*ttbews* place," said Victor; "I'll go In and do my business." " Willi wait for you P" " No," aaid Victor j " get home to yonr tea. - I'll be at the Princess at half-past seven, or thereabouts. So long." ?' So long." And the comrades parted. CHAPTER VI. ? : ??. HOMB. ???? ? '? ; ' Home! tlmtfllorioue word of wondrous powor, Where ropoie ?Iod? ?it?llii the ?oul | In its sen?o expressing our great dower, Punoo and lore ?nd ro?t—homo moans the itUolo. Homo! where,the wanderer flies . When the world oaale him oat (o die; Home! whom the wretched one hioe, Iα tho arms of true love to Uβ.: Walthb hurried through, tho town in order that he would sot delay dinner, for ho knew hie mother and slater would await his coming. It was with pleasure he thought of their brU loving faces, andthe welcome he would receive. The man who doea not rejoice at the idea of going homo, of meeting his household, U tho moat unhappy of hie raco. Home should be the goal of our deaires, the be all and end all of existence, that for which we con sent to go forth in tho morning to face the cold, cruel world, seeking, in ita sweet and innocent pleasures, relict from the toils and ttoabloa of the day. Alas 1 for thoae who have no homo, even if they aro wealthy, who meet no loving wife, no laughing children/ no mother, no eiater, when they return to where they reside—we cannot call it home; and still more are they to bo pitied whom no roof eholtern. From his earliest days, Walter had the ambition to create a.eomfortftble home for himself and his mother and Bieteraj.and often, as bo sat up in the old tin and Blab hut whore he wae born, pouring over shorthand : books, he would fall into a teveiie and pioture to himself the homo that would suit his fanoy. Industry enabled him to aohievo hie object at a very early period of life, and we have no lieeita tion in saying : that,. although a young fallow who had great pelf-control, ,he owed his steady habits and freedom from vice to the chnrm which that home had for him. ?- He looked at it ac his place of rest, tho eanotum where the noiey world could not intrude, where be was cheered and solaced, find encouraged to persevere in his ambition. Aβ yet the idea of seeking a mate had not entered into his mind. When be was 'decoyed to hotels and other places of riotoue rokort, ho coon sickened of their attractions, abd fled to the pure atmosphere of his home, which dis gusted him with what ?as bo congenial to Victor. It is true, Viotor had as pleasant a home ac Walter, a mother and a cousin ?who lavished their love upon him, but be was never happy oioopt when he was in fast company, at' tho card-table, or in the hazard-room, or even in, more dubious places. Hβ was a Bohemian, a nomad ; Impatient of being alone, bored with his mother and cousin. Walter, on the con trary, loved solitude, so that ho could study and think; and appreciated hie mother's and sister's company more than that of others. '" ' Very prelty aid Walter's neat cottage, which was tituated on tho hill that ovor looked Bosallnd Park, look in tho eoft light of the spring moon, whoso beams wero veiled, so to say, by tho hare that per vaded the atinosphero. Iα front was a pretty garden, tho deliehfc, of, Telanga Minton, whose laoefc pleasant oconpaUoa Mctva to the rQseu, gemuiums, dahlias, fuehEias and mignonot'e, that formed her collection of plants, :;She had been oallod" by so peculiar a nanie in remembrance of the station on which her parent: had been married, it'bbing aboriginal, A cheerful light shone in tbo window, denoting dinner was Mrs. Manton and her daughter stood on the ' doligos-covered vemndah to welcome tho ptldo aid darling of their hearts, .. ?';'?? ,??.; ; " ' "Dear eon, hqw lato yoii aro.l" said Mrs, Manton—a tall, strong woman, whose bearing showed she had worked hard in her time—as the kissed Walter. ? : '?'? And: w0'.70 got Buoh a dinner for' you, dear," cribd Talaoga, kissing him withalla?iafcer'afondneee. "Quite faatiibn able. Soupi fish—a present! from the ; iiolioe magistrate'flwifojwho's beenin teal.toast meat, vegetables, pie; ?t-cot-o-ra, Nuta, too, et-cet-e-ra, Thero, Wallyl" "Why, yon dear, little pussy said Walteri looking at her.fondly, "you make mc aa hungry aa a bawk talking of all your luxuries. ' Wait until I ? get rioh, we live in Molbonrne, and then you'll see everything done in grand style." ? ?;'???????; They had by this time entered tho com fortable pirloar which did duty as drawing and dining, room, and Talanpa skipped away to tell tho rosy-fiocd Irish holp to ;dish np. It wae alight to see this room—?n ? evidence that tasto hod been manife3tod. Tho tablnoloth was snowy .whitt, and the.ware and knives and-forks polished fo that they shone ruddily in the j light of tho diminutive flro Mrs. Mmton would persist in having up to tlio catly part of summer, as she had a horror of d?mp. A ion choice bngraviogs, and ono re*l painting of some value, picked up at an auotton by Walter, were arranged on, the wall with considerable knpwlodga of. har mony and contrast; while a.. xosowood piaoo, piled with music, filled one corner, a lounge' the other . (WalterV special monopoly), which made the small room look perfect. Itwas a Httlo nojt—ahayen where the weary could reposo. So good an eyo had Talanga, and such perfect tabte, that, although she painted very well, sho could not bo persuaded to hang any of her pioturos in the parlour, but reserved tbe.m for her own bedroom, aa the only euitible plnco. '??? . :.? .?'?:??'? ?? ? .'.' .?. -. ??? , .-.' ' ; With such ;snrroundings, and after his long walk, wo need not bo surprised that Walter made a good dinner. Hie mother took the end of the table, presiding over the carving, while T&langa; took charge of tho chining tea ctjuipage, for,'like true Australian?, tho teapot was always on the table, and Mrs. Maaton prided herself upon her brewing of the drink which cheers whilo it does not inebriate. It was a plea .sant, loving sight—a true picture of home. Both women appeared never to think of themselves; all their attention was given to their dear Walter. " Victor and I had a long ramble up the One- Troe Hill to-day," said Walter, aa he discussed a delicate teal, choicest of Aus tralian gamo, " and Viotor captured a snake and brought it homo." ? BIoBS mo!" cried Mrs, Manton. ?? A shake! How did he manage it?" . " Oh 1 leave Viotor alono for that," said Walter; "he's euch an old hand at getting natural history spbeimons that he'e never at a lass. I bolievo ho could capture an anaconda, for ho uses chloroform. "I declare that boy'a got tho strangest fanolei," replied Mrs. Manton. " Why, the last time I wont to see old Mrs. Graham she showed mc what be calls hit vivarium—l bellovo that's the right way to pronounce It— and I sacr toada, lizards, frogs, soorpiona, and all Such nasty thing', that tbey made mc almost faint. : What's ha going to do with the creature ?" " Send it down to P/ofeisor M'Coy," said Walter; "and perhaps he'll be elected an honorary member of some society." ?. ; "He's a wild young fellow," observed Mrs. Mtnton, aa the rang the bell for Noritt to remove the course; "and'l believe he'll come to no good, handsoma as he is. Poor Mrs. Graham 1" . ' And she looked ad Walter, evidently contrasting her eon with, her neighbour's, "I don't know, mother," said Walter. "Tbo wildest youths often.make tho best men." . ?'.....? Ntlthor Mrs. Mtuton nor'WaUer noticed the interest Talanga took in their remarks, and the flath in her face. "Plenee, mum," chimed in Norah, who was a freih imporUtlon," have you tetn the letther tho postmen left; I pat it on the mantel. Aα', mum, he's an lmptdent fellow, for ho klih mc foralnet mc face." "Hβ couldn't do it behind your faoe, Norab, could he?" laughed Mrs, Manton. ?' Hand It to mc, NoraU. I wonder who It's from," continued Mrs. Manton, as the looked at the postmark'; " it oomes from Melbourne, snd we have no friend* theze. A lady's handwriting, too. Ohl" ? . Mrs. Manton, who bad just, opened' the letter and glanced at the fir?t line, f?H back Iα her..chair, almoit !n a foinb, holding the. letter out in front of her. ? . " What's tho matter, mother dear f" aaktd hey children, alarmed. . ? , "Take the tilth away, Norah," said lire. Monton,recovering litrselfalltUe, "and don't com* In until I ring." .. , _' ' . When Norah was'gone iho'turned- tb. Walter and Ttlangs, and cold, In a .tremulous 1 voloo: ' , . ? ' . . "It's.from htr." ~.'.. , ?' ? ?, . , ': " From Alioo ?" they asked, yith blanbhed faces. ????.'?? . ? .'? ?'"' ? " From her wo hopsa woe dead;".sa(d Mrs." Maoton; "B?adit,Walter;'lcannol. -Poor, wiotobqd Alioo I" __?''-'?' " Hu'ebY mother," said Walter ;?" perhaps we were all wrong' about her.' Let Uβ hope bo." He thon proceeded to read the letter. . ?'Hornu?,—l feel that I mast write, to you, or else my heart will break. A* I -write' I fanoy loan see Walter, Talanga, and you in tho oosy little parlour, where we all sat in the olden time, so happy, 'for mc that is all past; I om no more Wo??by to sit there. This will be the first and.the lest letter yon will reotite from mc, bat X thought I must writs to let yon know I livo. Llvol did J say f No, lam dead to you world. I have a finer borne than tho old ono. lam oonrted and ftdmired as the butteiflvie by the boy; but, mother, mother 1 I will never be happy again, never gay, except when the fatal vine cup is at my lips. lam of the lost—the loet for ever 1 Forget mc from this time fntti; let my name never be mentioned. Whither you go I cannot oomo; whither Igo yon will never jonrney. lam and must be dead to yon. Ask Walter, for mo, nover to visit the Melbourne theatres: he will understand why. Yon would wish to know, perhaps, who viie the destroyer; I cannot tell, for I know Walter would avenge mo, and I love, pal slonately, madly, the one who accomplished my deatruotion. Ton aro a woman, mother, and can understand. In time, perhaps, you will know who was the serpent that crept into oar paradise, but sot now—not now. Good-bye, mother dear 1 Good-bye, Walter, my own generous brother. Qood-bye, dear Talangal Obi Talangs, as you valae yonr sonl, do sot listen to any youth unloas you know him to be honourable aod good. Beware of my fate I M?y heaven blss? you all, if it will listen to the petition of eaoh it t, is the prayer, day end night, of yonr unhappy Alioe." - : (To U (onlinwi.)" _. 