The Rushcutter's Bay Ghost. At Koahcutter's Bay, tho other night, a Bentle- man wub littiug in hU easy chair uear an open win*! dow, smoking pure American tohacco grewn at', Tumnt, and inbuling tho deJiciona fragrance of tW evening brccce. He was suddenly uronsed by a- stealthy moTtmont, and then a noiBc, iw of Eomeonen gently ' rappinR at his chamber door.' Hid nerves1 had previously been somewhat disorganized by unAO'! countable Bounds and mysterious influences whioliJ have for some time permeated tbo neighbourhood.) Goiiip to his window he looked out, but saw nothing;,' but tho night and the harbour, bnt he distinctly heard a mBtluig snob, as 'spirits' make when' thoy aru raised by mediums. Startled and iib.~I norved, he proceeded back to his room and «pont the n«xt 10 minutes wondering what the ghostly, manifestationu meant. Again tberorsfcrious aounoV floated in ou the aromatic breece through the open chamber windows. Fearingly, tremblingly, the gen tleman once again gazed out. Seeing nothing, he plucked up some little courage, and going onteiae he concealed himself, for the purpose of penetrating th» dark mystery. His resolution wue rewarded, for; shortly afterwards he saw the apparition of a large woman with a bqiht) over her head, underneath which waB a Bingle white garment reaching to th» kness, and without shoes cr stockings. The ghastly figure glided up and down the street, and in aMntlO, minutea it planted iteclf in front of tho gentlemasV window, liendorod rather dcBperate, and beingajso somewhat curiouB to know the object of the super-; natural viBitor in nightly perambulating the atreets; and watahing nniieriieatu people's windows, chft^ gentleman in question watched the shosfc' for Boxie time, and finally sprang up and-' denly right in front of the spparition, and' spoke to it. No reply was voucheafod, bnt the ghost1, sprang back about two or three yards, Bpreaa onfc; its lcge, bent forward, and mado grimaces ssvttaX times. Tho figure then slowly ratrentxd and finally disappeared. Tho npsotro has boon previously seen to euter Borne deserted houses whioh are to be polled down, and wandering tbronjh them. It- was also obecTvei to emerge from and return into a house about 100 yurSe on the Sydney nido of the toll' gate, and te glide barefooted over tho new metal au6V rough passages without iuoonvmienoe. Tha fignre appeared to enter tho house in question through the keyhole, as tlio door did not seem to ba opened. It is wanted to bo known what to do with a, ghost of this dotoription. 1'crhapB Mr. Bowie Wilson or Mr. Groville havo becu holding a seanae out there lately, and forgot to give the necoBsary benediotion at parting, or. whioh is more likely, the ' ' spirit' U of the Paul Fry family, and wishes to knewall about its neighbours' affaire, in whleh cane the process of ' laying tbe gliost' would be both interesting and effective. 