? . LITERATURE. Literary Notices. THE BOOK OF JOB, exigetically and practicall considered, by DAVID THOMAS, D.D., with a: introduction by SAMUEL DAVIDSON, D.D., LL.I Smith, Elder, and Co., London. The book of Job is perhaps as interesting a bool as exists, if it be nob the most interesting of al books, as well as the most ancient. Critics diffe as to the nature of it, some regarding- it as a] opie or dramatic poem, -while others believe it t be a narrative of facts. It seems from the ques tion, -whioh ÍB put forward in the early part o the work, namely, "Doth Job serve God fo naught ? " that *the aim of the writer wa to show in dramatic form that no misfortune can turn a good man away from tho service o God. Viewed in this light, it is easy to under stand many things which appear in the work whereas, if we regard it as a narrative of facts some statements in it appear utterly inexplicable Thus Satan, a malignant spirit, is represented ai walking up and down our little speck of a planet and as holding familiar converso with thc Make: of All "Worlds, the Great Spirit that governs th< universe, and as suggesting to that Great Beingi course of action by which He might test thi virtue of His servant Job. Ibis difficult to believ< that part of tho work to bo a literal state ment of facts which occurred at some fa distant period in tho history of oui planet, but easy enough to beliove that ai Oriental poet might adopt such an imaginativ« mode of introducing the subject of his work. Dr Thomas's book will enable those who feel dis posed to study the book of Job to do so witl great advantage, for they will find in ib quota tiona from tho ablest writers on the subject, dis : playing tile meaning of tho text, while the reason ing, the philosophy, the poetry, and the practica wisdom of the book are fully set forth and com niented on by Dr. Thomas himself. The follow ing, relative to an oft-quoted passage in thi work, is a favourable specimen of Dr. Thomas'! style : The existence of a spiritual world is ono of the funda mental faiths o£ humanity. It is a felt sentiment witl man in his,unreasoning state, peopling with ghosts th« whole sphere of his being-a theory with man in hiaroflec five state, accounting for a class of phenomena no1 othorwiso inexplicable, a living conviction with mnn ir his Christian state, bringing him undor tho "powers OJ the world to como." Tho matorial universe is but thc creature, tho instrument, and the sonsuous form of the spiritual-a' vesture which Bball wear out with ago, and bo folded up. Now, man's capacity for intercourse with tba spiritual is twofold-to roceivo and to foci its oommunica tiens. Eliphas had a capacity to recoivothe uttoranceof the spirit that broko his slumbers, and startled into fearful earnestness every power of his 'soul. It was but a little that Iiis ear rcaeivod, but a few sentences that ho caucrht. Our ignorance of the spiritual arises not from tho lack of communication. God sneaks freely; the spiritual speaks in everything] ' there is no " speech nor language whero their voico is not heard ;" but from thc lack of a capacity to taite in all, our ears receive a little, and only a little. Wo aro in the uni verse Uko a child who outers a lecturo-room when a pro found philosopher is in tho midst of a discourse on some groat branch of science, and who leavos boforo tho subjeot has concluded; hi«ear received a little, and all it received ho understood not. God's great discourso commenced agos before we entered tho scone of knowledge and will go on when wo arc in the dust. Wo only bear a part, and : much of that wo understand not; still, though little, it is something-something great, solemn, suggestive, sanctifying, something that proveä tho oxistouco of a capacity to raoeivo. Often, aB in tho case boforo ns, deep spiritual impressions como most unexpectedly. It is night ; tho toils of tho day are ovor, and thc mau «ns re tired to rest. All is dane, lonely, and silent around him ; tho doors are fastened, and with conscious security ho sinks into repose. But seel a vision approaches; it halts right before his eye. it illumines midnight with its bright ness, it breaks tho silence with its voice, and delivers a mesnago from tho Everlasting. What a symbol this of a spiritual thought! It often comes into the chamber of a man's soul at night on his bcd, broaks hts slumbers, and shakos his spirit to its centre. Nothing can exclude it ; no walls, gates, bolts, or locks can Bhut out a thought. He who made the mind knows its every avenue, and can roach it whenever and however Ho ploaseo. Is this a true explanation of the statement of Eliphas ? We have strong doubts on that point. It is far more, likely that Eliphas refers to an objective apparition than to a mere subjective impression on the mind. Men lie awake ab night, but they do nob quake for fear when spiritual thoughts arise in their minds. Bub if in dreams and visions of the night thoy see horrid shapes and awe-inspiring scenes, they will bo apt to quake for fear, pr should they witness a veritable objective apparition, or if from some cause or other, either subjective or exbernal, their senses are so deluded as to make them balievo that they obsorvo such an apparition, then also will they, probably, quake for foar. Hero is an illustrative case. We quote from the MEDIUM of March 5, the deponent being one Thomas Ashton, of Nowcastle-upon-Tyne. He says : One Sunday morning, about ll o'olook, I loy unon tho couch in tho sittingroom of my own house, reading tho MEDIUM AND DAYBREAK. I was iu a very calm and tran quil state of mind. After reading some time I laid the paper down to adjust my position, when, to my groat" astonishment, and in the twinkling of an oyo, tho side or wall of. tho room in. which the llroplaco was bnilt, disap peared from my view, and in its placo stood another wall or side of a room. It was an ordinary brick wail without plastor. A common narrow fireplace stood exactly in tho same position ns that which had BO marvellously disap peared. A narrow chimney, a littlo wider than the Aro grate, ran up to the ceiling of the room. On ono ond of this wall or sido of tho room there was an ordinary batten door, whioh was bungon T joints, and socurocl with a Norfolk latch. I distinctly saw andkeardthelatchriso, . tho door opon, and a fine, stalwart man ontor tho room. He was covered irom head to feet with wbni, apnearod to mo by the smell to bo »owly ground flour. Ho woro a head dress similar to thc coalhcnvcrs in Loudon, with, this dif ference-it was covorea with flour instead of coal dust. Now this man's faco was very familiar to nie. I know him tho moment I saw him ; but for my lifo I could not then, neither can I. now, call to mind when or where I became acquainted with him. In my astonish ment I exclaimed, "Hullo, where are you working ?" Instead of answering my question ho walkod direct to the fireplace, laid tho index finger of his right hand upon the angle of tha cbimuoy, and said, "This is whoro my head was knocked." He then walked towards the couch on which I lay, but stopped two foot from it and looked Kindly on mo. I again put my former question to him, and was in tho act of rising from tho couch to shako hnnds with him, whon he suddenly turned into a cloud and disappeared. Was this an ordinary dream-a waking dream -or an abjective ^apparition ? Wo leave our readers to answer this question themselves. People will differ in opinion on the matter. We adduce it here as a sample of visions which occur both in the daytime and in the night. An&Jagoua; fact^ muet hayo been know» to the author of the Book of Job, for human nature is now much the same that it was then, and hence it is a thousand times more likely that Eliphas, whether speaking as a man or merely as ono of the dramatic characters of the book, referred to hard and concrete facts of this kind rather than to the mere rising of a spiritual thought in the soul during the hours of darkness. Dr. Thomas thus eloquently describes the advantages of a life of righteousness : Job hn.fl boen greatly tried-tried in Iiis circumstances tried in his body. His trials perhaps were unmatched and matchless. Yet through the whole lio held fast his integrity. " My righteousness," ho said, '* I hold fast, and will not let it no ; my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live." So he did; and hence his life, through, its most agonising steps,was ne fniiuro. In sooth, recti tiulo nlono makes lito a success. Without it, it is a miser ablo failure, with whatever wealth, fame, and earthly pleasure it may he associated. Beliovo me-there is no successful life apart from righteousness. Bightoousucss is its own glory, its own reward. But whilst it is no failnro evou in tho midst of ita greatest trials, ir s cud is crowned with glorious results. "So tho Lord blessed tho latter cud of Job more than his beginning." Thc fact that tho Almighty conducts a righteous lifo to such blessed issues is not to beheld out asa motivo to pursue it, but ra thor as a demonstration ol' His lulluite interest iu it for its own BtlKO. Tho groat problem that mon have askediu all ages, will a righteous lifo answer iu the long run F is hero solved in the history ol Job's end. Through the surging sea? and heafciug tempests hois lauded on the shores of exuberant bountihood, enjoyment, and peace. Verily, there is a reward for tho Jrightoons. "Mark tho perfect mau, and behold the upright, for the end of that mun is peace." " Godliness is profitable unto all things, having the pro mise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come." " Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of lifo." Everyone, snj's tho Infallible Teacher of humanity, that "hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lauds, for My name's salto, shall receive au hnudrcd-fold, and shall inherit everlasting life." Tho sacrifices of a lifo of righteousness are infinitoly more titan compensated. An hundred-fold shall bo received in this lifo, and in tho futuro state ever lasting lifo. Tho advantages of .1 religious lifo hero are infinitely moro than a counter .balance to all tho iucou venienccs that may ariBe out of it. What inward tran quility ! What uplifting thoughts ! What buoyant energy of soul! What high aspirations I What lofty hopeB ! What kindling aspirations! How delightful to feel that death is gain, that God is our Father, that tho universo ia our homo, and that eternity is tho sphere where wo shall devolop our powors, realise our desiros, and fulfil our aims. Our readers will find a great deal of exegetical instruction and homiletic comment in this work that will powerfully tend to intensify their reve rence for the grand old Book of Job, which said book, if not the first book that ever was written, is certainly of such great antiquity, that all certain traces of the date of its authorship are unknown. 