flip® -&° Mr. Moore. By Miss Archer. [The light o! publication in Australasia has been purehaBeG lj the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Cha.pter XXIV. Despite a day of driving, walking, and scrambling up- 1 hills, we — that is to say, we young ones— are quite ready to I dance — all night. The chaperones are few and far between, I bo we do not consider ourselves bound to introduce more than one quadrille, and two or three sets of Lancers into our programme ; valse and gulope, galope and valsc, succeed each other without a pause. It is growing late for arrivals — late, that is, according to the Fordham code, when Mrs. Forrester appears. leaning on the arm of young M'Infyre, who bends down towards her with an unusual degree of animated interest on his sonio what stolid face. Up to this time, I havo forgotten Mrs. Forrester's existence, but now, watching her gliding up the room, a sharp thrill of some undefinable, yet painful feeling darts through me. I advance to greet her, and we meet where the chandelier throws down its fullest blaze. And what a piece of rjerfecrion does its light reveal in the person of Mrs. Forrester- Her sallow complexion changes at night to a warm, creamy, white, a delicate colour brightens her cheeks and lips, her magnificent eyes flash under their long lashes. And her dress ! How trying, yet how eminently successful, is the combination of palest lemon and cardinal red ; the horrifying tightness of the skirt and bodice bringing into relief every line of the graceful figure; tlie immodestly decolkte corsage with shoulder-straps instead of sleeves revealing fully the white neck and statuesque arms. Such arms and hands ! I have thought Belle's beautiful until now, but beside Mrs. Forrester s they would be unnoticed. I make a few common-place remarks to my guest, aU tne while feeling the contrast between us keenly. As a general rule, I might at least vie with Mrs. Forrester in costliness of attire, but to-night— out of compliment to the many young ladies whose homes are too distant to allow of a change of dress after the pic-nic— I happen to be very simply clothed in white muslin, with pale pink ribbons that match the moss-roses in my bouquet; my face is a good deal tanned by to-day's exposure to the sun, and I tan red ; moreover, I am heated and dishevelled by overmucn dancing. ,r Papa has come up. I hastily introduce him to Mrs. Forrester, and the next moment they leave the room together. They have scarcely vanished when Sir. J*w»re,. entering by another door, carries me off for a valse. w aea that is over, we retire to the study for rest and coolness. The door of the study is exactly opposite to the door or the ballroom, and we see the couples promenading up ana down. I do not think they can see us, for there are no. lamps in the study, the only light is from the pale moon beams that stream in at the open window. ' Have you seen Mrs. Forrester?' I ask, suddenly. ' No, who or what is she ? A murderess ? plnlantliio- P1''IrI those the only people who interest yw* JJJJJ1 she is nothing of that sort. She is a lad.v from England, staying with tlie M'Intyres-a young ™dow7£f ° f£ she must be nearly thirty, but she looks more like twenty. She looks lovely to-night.' ctmne-er 'What? Isebehere? I have nohced so strange. That is hardly to be wondered at, though, I have Deeu be«eyouPa'not help noticing her; she onlyc^ a little while ago. She is just the sort of wom-n you would admire, Mr. Moore.'' look ; she is nearly opposite the door.' ... ' She is not likely to be worth moving f or ; tat to -*ug you ? ,' he murmurs, resignedly, «™ ''Kmrff the deptbs of the easy chair in which he ^brftag in such a manner that the only object wtiAcomcs wg» hie line ot vision is my profile. He bends ^X^ng ing his head into the path of moonlight, just as the traui«» lemon and red skirls sweep past. ' Great God ! ' - Q__,;ch that I The exclamation is uttered in a tone of angu isu i have never heard before from Mr. Moore s lips, i w JTmvfeet and stand gazing at him. His eyes are still fixed on tic spot where Mrs. Forrester stood a moment ago, S?c Thflnde trrnsp convulsively the arms of his chair, and his ?' ghastly white, wears an expression that is wholly «f horror— the sort of expression a man's face might wear if one, once loved, and long dead, rose suddenly alive from *e«Oh!I«?«rfisit?' Imtreat, in an awestruck whisper, ' ? a chost f'\e echoes. ' Yes, the ghost of an old love, «f «n old life. Mies Erskine' (rising from his chair and otirminc my bare shoulder with painful force while he Ss low to my ear)' that is my cousin.' ^--What!' I cry, my head drooping, while a keen, arrow? pain pierces 'my heart. ' Not your cousin Eva.' «? Yes,' he replies, speaking rapidly, ' I never heard the name of the man she married, so when you spoke of ? Mrs. Forrester ' it told me nothing. But it is she, not altered in ihp slightest degree, not older by an hour, looking some thing lovelier, if that he possible ? Dio mio, to think of oar meeting here agaiD. It seems bat yesterday since I ^ Our dance, Miss Erskine,' shouts Reginald Wilkie, hiiretiBP into the library in his usually tactless, obtuse fashion ; 'such a hunt as I've had for you. The dance is NevcT'have I hated Mr. Wilkie so much as at this moment, My first impulse is to tell him that I will not dance with Mm, hut reflection showing me that in that case he will insist on mounting guard over me in the study, I take his arm with a very bad grace, and cross to the lighted ballroom. Mrs. Forrester is whirling round with Mr Everett. I feel sure, as I watch her, that I cannot for the future, hold unchallenged the palm of choreographic superiority which has hitherto been unanimously accorded ^Shinning dancer— Mrs. Forrester — don't you think ? ' remarks Mr. 'Wilkie. 'I have not had the pleasure of dancing with her,' I return, stiffly. . ' Of course not : But you can see— just watch her ' I thought you asked me to dance, not to watch the cyrations of Mrs. Forrester,' I cry, tartly, and Mr. Wilkie, having taken this very plain hint, we start upon the erratic, plunging performance which constitutes his idea of a round dance. Kow it is over— thank Heaven ! — and we are prome nading ; my eyes glancing round in search of Mr. Moore, ray care strained to catch any sound of his voice or 41 Are you looking for any one ? ' inquires Mr. Wilkie, havine in vain endeavoured to engage my attention. 'Looling for any one? (indignantly). Who couldl'be looking ior?' Then, hastily changing the subject— 'I am positively dying of thirst. Will you get me a glass of lemonade ? ' He departs, while I seat myself in a deep window seat, partially screened by curtains. I have not been there two moments, ?when Mr'. Moore enters the ballroom. His faco is pale as the face of a corpse, but utterly, stonily, calm. He looks neither to the right .hand nor to the left, but walks straight towards Mrs. Forrester, who stands with Mr. Everett, at a few paces from me. 41 Have you forgotten me?' he aske. An arch smile flashes over her face; evidently her cousin's appearance 16 no shock to her. She has expected to meet him. Dropping Mr. Everett's arm, she extends two lemon coloured hands to the new-comer, -( Oh, Lawrie ! What a cruel question ! Indeed ' ' (with a sly glance under her lashes), ' I thought you had forgotten me, when 1 [heard you were ,in the room, and you did not come to speak to me.' ? ' I did not know you were in Tasmania — did not know you were alive— until ten minutes ago. People spoke of Mrs. Forrester, but I never dreamed she ^could Jbe JEva Chesney.' ' Oh ! what ages it seems since I was called that. It makes me feel quite old. Have I altered much ? ' The reply is drowned by the opening bars of a thundering galope, but the look in Mr. Moore's eyes speaks plainly enough for me. The pan- move off towards the conserva tory, and Reginald Wilkie and Mr. Cameron approach me ; the one with the lemonade, the other with a request for ' the pleasure of this galope.' During this and the two following danceB the two people en whom my eyes and thoughts are concentrated, remain in the conservatory. Yes, during three dances they sit in the : cool half-light, recalling mutual reminiscences, perhaps re acting the tender scenes ot the past. The fourth dance is a valse for which Mr. Moore is engaged to me. I- seem likely to be forced to undergo the mortification of ' playing wallflower,' for most of the Fordham young men have by this time learnt that it is hopeless to ask me for valses. No, 1 am saved, at least from that degradation. My deliverer is a raw, ruddy-cheeked, huge handed youth who, at any other time, ?would inspire me with disgust ; now I smile a bland assent to his timidly stammered address. His dancing ie execrable. He has not the vaguest notion of time, and his step is decidedly unique — consisting of a series of grass hopper-like springs, that land us anywhere and everywhere, and are productive of innumerable collisions. The first Y time we pause for breath, I discover that Mr. Moore is at [. my elbow. ' I thought this was our dance,' he says, in an aggrieved tone, as if he, and not I, were the injured parry. 'Oh, yes,' I reply, with a well-assumed air of mock gaiety, ' lut I have changed my mind about giving you the : rest of the valees to-night. It is stupid to dance so much ; with the same person.' i Has the arrow gone home? There is no quiver of the '? V *' no comFrCBei011 of the lip, no contraction of the f ore- : head to warrant such a supposition. Speaking verv slowly i and deliberately, he says ? ?'litv™ y°U ^° not'mean to dance with me again to Oh'[fhewo^ but storm, object, reproach me! If he 5? °ut act in anv way save the one way he has chosen ! I* u a e by hlB calm acceptance of my fiat, I can only answer, i 'As you please.' i » ' £0- / .do not Presinie to please. That is your privi I le^'-thiswit^ bitter irony. i ™ ' v n f y PIeasure is that I lose no more of this dance ; H we have chattered here quite long enough, and I am sure I ^,1 yu?ar^ner' (coquettishly), ' must think me abonri B The raW youth, who has been regarding the interloper 1 win great disfavour, grins a delighted irrin, and encircles I nywaist with his lank arm. E I have roused thft devil in Mr. Moore at last. The latent I toe smouldering in his eyes breakB out into a flash. Yet his 1 voice ib exquisitely courteous. B a-? am.,6ure this gentleman will pardon one moment's K oeiay while we decide this question. Do you give me my ? ^jp.MissErekine?' 1 Ji mu6ic hafi luJled into those soft, detached-chords I ;^?ccm' now and then in Strauss's music ; we only I «,? !Se re,rairence of the melody to start, Looking over I «? ^na\B. angular shoulder, I laugh— were it not for I S^013^1166. I should scream-and utter the fatal I vW«' yes! 6ince y°u choose to put it in that way.' I Jt ;^re b?W8- tums on hie heel» a1'* walks away- J I aKf °W Um- even *'& mv eye8! *OT I a«» ^ing I S. ^to.S'eces by dislocating jerks. After an invo I a 'St'? ™, *»* yoro»g M'Intyre, in which he receives I 4VSPdF on the jaw-bone, and my knuckles are I fanmm 7 1 fed that this 8fyle of progression is too I ^^^tete persisted in. 1 raw* « t hideoUB valse this is,' I cry, pausing determi I K^ lam t0° tired to dance any more.' I amll owa oa tm va0^4 -*«»»? As we do so, a I SRto*? S1*; -^ ! too well I recognise that graceful I S do£ « ?? ^rae V P06^ of motion- ' t™ weU 1 1*™ i SSS1 bi*«»«««Imp. too well I caii imagine the sweet I dW^^^^Wflear. Mrs. Forester's head 1 Srf i, ,?0U8m s- enoulder, her starry eyes are I nEiL v pl ,apart ^ a winning smUe. How i I tSrSfr?^,8116161 How dangerously beautiful j I her snZS flMr- Moore s temperament, on whom no line of I ierri&JegUre.;',,H° wave -*'? her lustrous hair, no detail of I KSXiW11 ^ ^ How could I be so mad as to i 1 SwSS1? '^dving his cousin'e beauty V How could I I «ake «*7 to ^!ve him bom met 'n&y; aaA mortified tD I I buoMM?£!L? v1'8 wnein's socieh', and contrast my I ?«oZ^tt-£^Mft «**?»»* How could I be so mal I ^'''^vitiilaniatBtiinewbeninyonJyhopelayin luring him with a winning gentleness. What would I not give to recall my words, to express my penitence, to say ' Forgive me!' These are my desires, what are my actions ? They may be gathered from Reginald Wilkie's words during the last dance of the evening — a wild galoDc whose strains grow momentarily faster and more furious. 'Ready to go on again? By Jove, Miss Erskine, I should like to know what could tire you? All the other girls are completely ' done np,' and here you are, as fresh as a daisy, and as jolly as a sandboy to the very last.' Chatter XXV. It is another of those exquisite summer days in which my ?oul was wont to delight ; the fervid heat of a January sun tempered by a light, cool, southerly breeze. Yet to-day I find no pleasure in its charms. The sky might be covered with a gray veil of cloud, the bitter sleet might be falling, the rain lashing ;the sodden grass and beating down the swaying lilies ; a wintry tempest might roar round me, or a scorching sirocco sweep over a baked and heat-cracked land. I should not care. ' After all,' as Belle once said— strangely, I thought then ; sagely I think now ' climate is of very little import ance.' What does the outward mechanism of sun and air and sky signify, if the inward machinery of heart or brain be out of gear i Nature will keep the world rolling on till doomsday, recking little of the aching hearts it carries with it. Nature can but provide for the multitude ; she cannot pause in her ceaseless whirl to consider the yearnings of the lew. I am sitting in the morning-room, beside the open window, my arms crossed on the sill, and my head laid upon them ; the book I was pretending to read has tumbled out on the flower-bed, and lies crushing the velvet petals of a clump of pansies. Trip, having wasted ten minutes of his time, and spoilt his temper in frantic attempts to coil him self up in my unaccommodating lap, has retired in high dudgeon to a nest among the folds of my gown, lying on the carpet. My beautiful Hugo lies at my feet, raising his mournfully questioning eyes to my face whenever I move. There is such an absolute stillness abroad this afternoon. The bees are buzzing drowsily among the waxen chalices of the magnolia beside the window; the low twittering of birds, the whispering rustle of leaves, the distant lowing of cattle — these are the only sounds I hear. Hark ! The rapid trot of a horse ! In a moment I spring to my feet, Hugo silently following my example, while Trip yelps a ctosb protest at being sum marily flung from his resting-place. I lean forward, listening intently; the colour coming and going in my cheeks as the wild pulsations of my heart beat up into my throat. The sound approaches— nearer and nearer — ft paEBes— dies away ! 'Fool!' I cry, aloud, sinking back into my chair. ' Fool ! Do you think no one can ride this way but Mr. Moore ? ' 'You will fall desperately in love when the time comes.' Oh, propheevtoo true; how soon, how cruelly fulfilled ! I hate myself, I utterly despise my weakness, I unhesita tingly condemn my infatuation, yet to attempt to reason myself out of my madness, is, I know, as idle as to cry to the wind, or bid the wandering breezes answer to my call ! I am £0 completely steeped in ' the cruel madness' that I think of no one 6ave Mr. Moore, care for nothing that is not connected through some channel with Mr. Moore, attend to nothing that is not spoken by, or related of, Mr. Moore. It would appear that I have been transformed very rapidly from a maiden fancy- free into the most love-sick damsel ever invented by Shakspeare or Byron, but I know that the change has been gradual. I now follow its workings, though at the time I recognised them not. I now understand how well Mr. Moore's course of action has been calculated to win my heart ; — alarming me by no outspoken admiration, disgusting me by no fulsome compliment, yet in a thousand unobtrusive ways consulting my opinion, defer ring to my tastes, seeking my approbation. Our very quarrels were but sauce piquante to a dish that in the hands of a less skilful chef might have palled. And I— to change the figure— secure in the fancied strength of a fcrtress hitherto impregnable, have never suspected the sappers and miners who work beneath the fortifications with silent rapidity ; I have never dreamed of danger until the enemy is within the walls, and plants his colours in the heart of the citadel. Had Mrs. Forrester never come to Fordham, I should no doubt have continued for an indefinite time on the same terms with Mr. Moore — quarrelling frequently, as frequently becoming reconciled ; feeling an interest in a man so unlike other men ; liking his society, chafing at his absence, but never seeing, or never acknowledging that my sentiments had overstepped the boundary line of friendship, and merged into the domain of love. But the first pang of jealousy has been like a lightning flaBb, laying bare for one brief instant all the depths of my heart, dying out to leave me in darkness and despair. Yes, despair ; for it seems to me that Mr. Moore's love is the only thing the world contains that is worth having, and the events of the six weeks that have passed since my birth-day have shown me that that love will never be mine. ' Harrie ! ' I 6tart violently and look up. The speaker is my father, who has entered unobserved. ' Did you not hear me, child ? Have you a headache. I think you have not been looking quite yourself lately. Would you like a change ? ' 41 No, I am perfectly well,' I say, hurriedly. Could I go away now and leave my enemy with a clear field? No, however unequal the struggle, I will maintain it to the last, and die, if need be, grasping my colours. Moreover, I feel, that however torturing it will be to see the billing and cooing of Mr. Moore and his cousin, it would be more maddening still to hear of it, or to imagine it. 44 Are you thinking of riding this evening?' papa asks presently. ' No, I don't feel inclined for riding.' ' Driving then, walking, rowing. I am quite at your service.' I have not thought of making any exertion. I should have been more pleased to lean my head on the window-sill and chew the cud of my bitter fancy for an indefinite space of time. 41 What would you rather do ? ' I say, languidly. 41 Whatever you please.' By a violent effort of will I force myself to think collec tedly and speak decisively. 41 Suppose we pay some calls ; it is such much loss dreary ?work for me when I have you.' Papa assents, and I retire to dress for my drive. While I am putting on my bonnet, I pause for a moment, and looking into my own eyes in the glass, take a solemn resolution. I vow to myself that, be the conduct of Mr. Moore and Mrs. Forrester what it may, I will ignore it .with lofty indifference; or, if it be forced upon my notice, I will never disapprove nor condemn. No one shall ever suppose from word or look of mine the intensity of my feelings towards the man I love, or towards the woman I hate. JTo one ! Not even Belle. And as I take this now, I don my mask, which will bo put off — pWhen ? I dare not face ' ihe question. Snatching up my gloves, I hurry from the room. Our round of calls is over. There have been the usual egotistical platitudes from the men, the usual scandal or twaddle from the women. Mention has been made in many drawing rooms of Mrs. Forrester ; all Fordham talks of her — the gentlemen rave of her beautiful face and fascinating manners—the ladies, however widely they may differ on these points, are unanimously admirative of her fashionable and costly toilettes. 44 Such a splendid chance for Miss M4Intyre,' Miss Cameron'rcmarks to me, ' Living in the same house, she will be able to take the patterns of all her dresses.' .' I am quite certain Miss M'Inryre would not condescend to imitate Mrs. Forrester,' I reply, with indignation. ?4 Besides, I fancy Belle shares my notions about statu esque exhibitions, and prefers them in marble rather than in flesh.' Miss Cameron stares for a moment. 44 Oh ! ' — as a ray of intelligence comes to her relief — ' I see what you mean. But those tight clothes are the very height of fashion.' ' The more shame for those who started such a fashion, and for those who can copy, or even tolerate such indelicacy. I hope I ehaU never be fashionable while the present style lasts.' Whereat Miss Cameron, who has narrowed her skirts, tightened her bodice, and dressed her hair d la Gru^ie, * reddens with mortification, and, I trust, partly with shame. I express a wish to call at' the M'Intyres' on my way home, and thither the ponies have brought us. A charming tableau greets us as we enter the drawing-room. Half reclining on the sofa is Mre. Forrester, a mass of ecru muslin and lace. One hand is under her head, and the light sleeve falls back nearly to the elbow, leaving bars the ico-nd white arm with its clasping circlet of beaten gold. Her face is turned up to Mr. Moore, who stands by the mantel-piece, bending slightly forward with his hands locked behind his back — an attitude with which I am quite familiar. On our entrance, Mrs. Forrester slowly struggles into a sitting posture, her face settling into its usual expression of inanimate loveliness ; but, at sight of papa, the smile which is kept only for gentlemen, comes into play. She motions him to share the sofa with her. Mr. Moore and I shake hands, and then Mrs. M'Intyre and Delle come in. I draw aside the latter for a little chat, under cover of the lively quartette of conversation going on round the sofa, till her mother sends her ior some trifle ; then sitting silently, I hear papa's voice. 44 You do not like riding, I believe.' ' No, I have no nerve at all. And yeare ago, when I should have liked to ride, Lawrie would not let me. He always had a prejudice against ladies riding, and I used to let him tyrannise over me dreadfully in everything.' 44 1 should rather have supposed Mr. Moore would bo your slave than your tyrant,' eays papa, gallantly. 44 1 am always the slave of beauty,' says Mr. Moore. He looks up as he speaks, and meets my eyes, which, if they reflect my feelings, are angrily contemptuous. 44 1 have a bone to pick with you,' fie says, crossing over and taking a chair beside me. 44 Yes,' I reply; with elaborately affected interest. 44 You have broken your promise to me.'- ' Very likely,' — more carelessly than before. My eyes are bent upon my fingers, which are toying with the frill of my parasol, but I feel the brilliantly keen look of inquiry bent upon me. ' No doubt you know what I mean.' 11 1 have not the vaguest notion,' I return, keeping strictly to my new role, and speaking in a tone of the most utter indifference. Mr. Moore is puzzled, and I think, a trifle nettled. 44 You remember the day you came to see the new green house. That day you promised to come or send for a bunch of moss-roses whenever there was a party.' 44 Did I?' 44 You did. I do net think you have forgotten.' II Suppose I did.' ' Then you have broken your word.' ' Surely, that does not surprise you,' I say, laughing, ' I have only changed my mind, and grown tired of moss roses.' 44 1 will have every bush rooted out of the garden,' he exclaims, fiercely. For one moment I am staggered, his outburst bears the stamp of such evident sincerity. But Mrs. Forrester's voice breaks in. 4' Lawrie, Mr. Erskine tells me that the prettiest way to the Blackwood Ford is by water.' ' I quite agree with him.' 41 Would you like to go 'i ' asks papa, ' We might easily manage it, might we not, Harrie 'i A water pic-nic would be very enjoyable.' I do not think it would if Mrs. Forrester is to be one of the party, but I keep my opinion to myself, and before we leave the M'lntyres it is arranged that we shall row to the Blackwcod Ford, and take our tea with us. ' Shall we say to-morrow ? ' I ask, in conclusion. 'Oh, not to-morrow,' pleads Mrs. Forrester, 'for I have promised Lawrie to go over [to Charlemont to see all his treasures.' ' The next day, then ? ' suggested papa, for I am speechless. 