NOTES:. AND JEVzvATS.. The time allowed by law for the issue of electoral rights to be placed on the suple mentary electoral roll, expires on the 1st of June, and it ehooves all those who are en titled to vote to present their. claims with out delay. Every natural-born or natural ised male subject of the ago of 21 years, re sident in the colony, and all owners of pro perty of the clear value of £50, or of the annual value of £5, are entitled to vote upon electoral rights.. The Secretary of the National Registration Society has issued a notice stating that every requisite informa tion will bo given at the ollices of' the society, 77 Collins-street west." But as the national registration society is peculiarly in stituted for securing Conservative votes, we (Colac Herald) would advise local aspirants to apply to the local registrar, Mr. Sitling ton, to secure their votes. We give Etis advice as supplementary to above paragraph fromt the.Arus. A man named William Pim was arrested on Sunday afternoon at Mr. James Robert- son's residence on a charge of lunacy. The poor fellow was suffering from the effect of liquor, and he was in the habit of going down on his knees and praying. He was also suffering from a serious complaint, and Mr. Robertson seeing that he was nearly in a state of nudity and also requiring medical advice, he sent word into Senior constable Hall at the Colac Police Station, who immediately took steps to have the man brought into Colac. When Mr. Hall went out to bring in the prisoner, Mr. Robertson, with kindly consideration, told the Senior-constable to get the prisoner new clothes, boots, and anythiog else he might require, and to have the same placed to his account. This request was carried out by Mr. Hall, and the prisoner is now comfort- ably clad. He was brought up yesterday at the Police Court before Mr. Edmund Cooper, and remanded for seven days. Dur- ing the afternoon Dr. Forster was called in, and he expressed the opinion that he was suffering fron liquor, and that his malady was only temporary. The grubs have again made their ap- pearance in some parts of the district. Last year they played sad havoc with herbage in the neighborhood of Cundare, aud we regret to hear that they have appeared in great numbers about the Warrion hills and also at Mr. C. B. Fisher's estate at Mamre. The loss occasioned to some of the graziers in consequence of the ravishes of these pests last year was something enormous, and it is hoped will not be repeated again this year. of the weather continues to be wet there is probability of their progress being checked. Mr. Wm. Finnis, in conjunction with Mr. John Nelson, held a most successful clearing sale at Mr. M'Mahon's, Ondit, on Friday. The land, which is well-known throughout the district as first-class agricul- tural and grazing ground, was first offered. The 50 acre lot was purchased by Messrs. Deans and Inglis at £9 12s. 6d. per acre; and the large farm, comprising 250 acres, with dwelling house and other improvements erected thereon, was knocked down to Mr. Michael Smith, at £7 16s. per acre. The hotel was bought by Mr. Michael Cahill, of Foxhow, for £360. The horses brought good figures; draughts selling from £26 10s. to £38, good useful saddle and harness horses from £11 10s. to £20. Cattle brought fair prices, a lot of fine breeding cows, nearly fat, with calves at foot, was sold at £3 3s. Nineteen young pigs brought 18s. 6d. each, a good figure, whilst sundry articles were also disposed of at satisfactory rates. At the Colac Police Court, on Friday last, before Mr. Heron, P.M., and Mr. E. Cooper, George Ball proceeded against Page and Johnson, for the illegal detention of a vehicle, valued at £15. The plaintiff swore that he made an agreement with the defendants, who carry on business as blacksmiths and wheelwrights, to effect sundry repairs to a vehicle for the sum of £2. When the bill was sent to him by the firm in question, he found that he was charged £3 5s., which in the face of tle agreement entered into he re- fused to pay. The plaintiff further objected to take the buggy from the defendants' place as the tires of the wheels were loose and could be pulled off. This statement was corroborated by the evidence of a witness, John Bayliss. The defendants urged that that £2 10s. was the original amount of the agreement, and that the ba- lance was charged for extras author- ised by the plaintitff. The bench after hearing the evidence dismissed the case, with one guinea cots. The police proceeded against Mr. James Anthony, for allowing a disorderly person on his licensed premises. Senior-constable Hall stated that on Thurs- day he was sent for, and when he went to the Victoria hotel he found Mrs. Kinane was in an excited state, and was disagreeing with the public. As she was not conducting herself in a peaceable manner he issued a summons against the proprietor of the hotel. Mr. Whyte for the defence stated that Mrs. Kinane was suffering from a severe affection of the eyes, which rendered her almost completely blind. She had re- cently been under a painful operation for her eyesight and had just returned from Melbourne. She was much iritated in con- sequence of the pain proceeding from her eyes, and she gave vent to her feelings. Mrs. Kinane was not a permanent inmate of the hotel, and the whole affair occurred during the absence of Mr. Anthony the landlord. When the matter was reported to him he had Mrs. Kinane instantly removed from the hotel, and she would not be there again. The charge was dismissed. Thomas Gamble, sernt, soi.nn s ioned Ch1rlces Henry for the illegal detention 111f a horse. Tie defen. dal:t stated tha:t I: - the mrile (C and shortly afterwards saw her in pol,session of tile defen . danut. 'The defell, ant produced a receipt for Moriac. O'Kectf in the witness !box stated that lie Iboulghlt tie mlhire frool the pound keeper at Mount Moriau. The case at this stage wacs a'ljourned for follrteen dlays, to allow Senior-con-tabie Hlall to make1in,0(iries 0 as to the idlentify of the ilhn'.ir solr d ,s t of the ponild witlh the one in llenrv's Iosses sion. A summons for debt-GCeonre I'eid v. 5 George Gamble-- was tile onlv -thelc; ieLo i ness. Verdict for £3 5s. Sd. "was ;;ven'in ' favor of plaintiff, costs 15i. (i1. Some of the llmembcrIa of the -ielboi, rne1 Football Club who airrived in C(olno onel Saturday evening by t-rain co l:t.tel tlesm1 selves in 'ather a disordlrls maiier. Dlur ing ihe jolurney fron GeeloIng they ihad a joke at the expense of tle l;a1il(way Departl i mcnt--by brealking two wiuidlws of thei conplartmentc l in whici they were seatled. They also pIlayed jiks abi:ut the township sl during their short stay. Two of the trucks which were standing at the Ondit Railway Station, were blown down the line about a mile, by the severe gale which was experienced on Satur- day about nine o'clock. The brakes were on and the chocks were before the wheels, but the wind which blows with great force from Lake Colac, drove the trucks down the line as above stated. The evening train from Geelong to Colac, was in consequence del- layed a few minutes. Sir Samuel Wilsml has receirved a tafle g51r1 from 'l s ilsls ,ert llkal uld Co., of London, statinui that s'om:e l"rcilitdon1 e - Ileece wool had been shl, ae'(r(1ing 3811., the highest price leing 38d. M,,l 'lHute wool, per Iimulanuoel, sl.1 a;t a, a;verage ,If .: d.'ftor lleceb, the . highest price beingi I &iJtd.; Yesterday ecing the anniversary of the birthday of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, high holiday was oberved through out the township and district. A football match was played at Colae, a coursing match was held at Birregurra, and many parties drove out on shooting excursions. In the evening at the Oddfellows' Hall a private hall was held. Albut thirty couples were present, and darcing was kept up with spirit until daylight. Mr. John Nelson and Mr. liobt. Ilearn provided the music, and Mr. Lemon was entrusted with the catering_, and right well he performed his part. The tables were neatly aid taste fully laid out, and the supper furnished was most appetising. A sale of Crown lands will be conducted at tile Court House, Colac, this morning, at eleven o'clock. The lots comprise areas in the township of Benwerrin, (parish of Lorne), also in the parish of Warriou, Irre willipe, and Ondit. Mr. John Nelson having erected commo dious sheds at the rear of hli auction rooms in Murray street, is now prepared to receive sheepskins, hides, tallow, and all descrip tions or farum and station produce. t'ersons having snall lots of the above, which they wish to dispose of, will find it convenient to send their produce to this market. So far as these sales have been tried in Colac the most satisfactory results have been obtained, and as many, of the farmers and graziers have notilied their willingness to send pro duce to Mr. Nelson for sale, many buyers from distant parts will no doubt find their way to this sale. The sales for the present will be held monthly, and if stuff comes in in large quantities and the demand good, sales will le held more frequently. The following notice from the Chief Secretary to electoral registrars respecting the issue of electors' rights to minirs ap peared iln Friday's Government Garcette: " Several instances having been reported of youths obtaining electors' rights contrary to the provisions of the Electoral Act 1865, the attention of electoral registrars and deputy-electoral registrars is particularly directed to the necessity of putting to ap plicants fur rights the question prescribed by section 24 of tile said act." The license of Henry Bennett, for 3 acres, in. tile parish of Elliminyt, Colac Common, has been declared void. The application for license of Hamilton Dorman, for 267a. 3r. 4p., parish of Lorne, has been approved. Tile application of Thomas Windsor, for a grant of 3 acres, Colac Common, has been approved. A grant has also ieel issued to Sarah Ann Splatt, for 20 acres, pariah of Yarina. Tihe following portion of land will be open for (application on andl after Friday, 4th June, at nine o'clock, subject to the value of improvements, if any, upon the land : Geelong district-Parish of Carrah, town ship of Teesdale, area, 10 acres, formerly held by Mary Jans Fitzpatrick and forfeited. A urit for the election of a member for the Western Province, in the room of the late Hon. Niel Black, will be issued by the President of the Legislative Council on the 26th inst. The Government have offered a reward of S£50 for information that swill lead to the conviction of the person who perpetrated the disgraceful hoax respecting the survival on the Crozet Islands of a castaway from the wreck of the Knowsley Hall. A telegram from Sydney in yesterday's Argus states that the Normanhy arrived to day from Hong Kong, with a general cargo and 248 Chinese, 113 being for Melbourne. The Crusader also arrived from Hong Kong, with 217 Chinese, of whom 6D left to-day Sfor Melbourne by the Malwa. Our recent remarks, as to thle rather un Sministerial conduct of the Hon. hMr. Bent in scrufling an unemployed are? confirumed in the following remarks of his and the Bal. lurat Courier's introduction to them. Says the Courier :-Tlie following extraordinary reinark, for a Minister of the Crown, was made by Mr. Bent at Inglewood on Friday morning. Referring to his chase of a man Sin Melbourne the other day, Mr. Bent said ' Tihe man had insulted him, and although he felt it to be a high honor to be a Minis ter, lie respected himself as a man, and he showed him that, although a Minister, he was as good a man as he. Ever since he had been a imember of Parliament he had tried to behave himself, but at the same time if insulted, he was prepared to take off his coat and show anyone that he was as good a man as he was. The Ballarat Star (weekly) and several other Conservative papers are now confess. ing in the sense, and almost the words of ian hon. member that Mr. Service's reform scheme " has not the ghost of a chance of being passed " in either the Assembly or tihe Council. The Geelong Advertiser a short time ago evinced a leaning in support of tile Ministry, but now that journal says : -" Indeed, we should be sorry to see it, in present shape, pass into law. . It is very plain, however, that, at present, ex tremes don't meet; that three sections of the Assembly are at this moment contending with each other for supremacy, auntahat the real interests of tile country will be sacrificed so long as the game continues. We are thus driven back upon tile simple policy that we prescribed to ourselves; to. ignore rival pa:ty interests which refuse to combine for the common good, and to watch and wait for personal government, that is to say, givernment for party aims and views, tr, give place to something that will be mo're worithy of public support, as affecting 'the welfare of nearly a million of people. The Ministers of Railways, Mine's and Public, Works, on Friday, paid n. visit to Inglewood and E.ast Charlton and the sur roiuniing district, for the P'irpose of ascer taining how far they could satisfy the re quirements of thie residents in respect to railways and conservation of water, and other public works, says tie Age. They vwere accompanied by the members for the district, anid having left town on the pre vious night, arrived at Inglewood about two o'clock yesterday m-reing, where, not witstanding tile latenress (f the hour, they were received by the mayor and councillors ad otther citierlns. They were escorted by torehlight to tleir hotel, wliere they were entertained at supper. Mr. Gillies was ir., high spirits, anl expessed tile perfect con. tii.leice felt ib liimself and his colleagoues as to tlcir ability to dispose of the 'ifticult que-tion of constitutional reform~ The other Ministers also dlcivered thmnsehles of liglht-hearted aldressea. P'eraps, however it is not fair to critcirse seriously tlhe ut tcranccs of ?Iinist..ra In tire "ee sma' hours." Joy enducre~th fir a night, but sor row comehll in i.lvi :norning. Y-esterday the party constinnu. tleir journey, and visited \\\rcthetel l arnl E;ast Charrlton. On the road they wure intnrviewed by numbers of selectois, to whose representations in favor inf lphlie works they promised thie most avorasb'o consirderatin. *Mosjluito" in the Berndio Inllependen writes :--Since IImy .st tie hebo. Bent has rlistinguishell himrielf by assaulting a half starved nmemben! r of tile Melbourne unem pioyed ei:as, chasing hinm a mile down the streets of the metropolis. Nothing equally urudignii" ied has ever before been perpetrated by a Minister of the Crorn in Victoria,'and tile ruuusernrldyel iron is, ini my opiurion, an trr.al, icool thurt hIe does not proceed against thie li[o. Thomas for assault. One thing is certain -that £1500 a year cannot make a Sumar change his character; Bent is only fit to sqnuallle w?ritlChinaenin tihe Melbourne vegete:lde market; ;:s for heart, his heart is trhat or a cabbage, more cougenial occupa. tiesn inigilt be foundl for him at Brighton, chasing thie slngs and snails than hounding down the streets of Melbourne the poor s'wrtches who apply to him for employment as Commnissioner of Public Works. The keen sense of disgrace the better class of ncer ill tire Ministry must have felt at Bent's condluu:ct can be elsily imagined; but it all conies of giving such men portfolios in order to close their cantakerons jaws. The OCens and furray Advertiser says that a sportirg man of political proclivities has bet £1000 to £200 that the present Go. 1 vernment will not last three months. Whiatever may le said of the Berry Ministry having "stumped the country," when they did'so it was in illustration of their enthusiasm in the popular cause, anl i to give fervid expositions of their principles and views upon great questions of national. importance, which they did, in no uncertain ' tone. The outsiders of the present Ministry have been stumping the country in quite a different vein. At a time t ,han the country is flooded with water, the Ministry have been treating contemptuously the Grand National Canal Scheme of Messrs. Dodds and M'Coll, and yet Messrs. -lons. Clark and Bent have been stumping the Northern and- North Western districts with profuse promises of what they are going to do. in the way of water conservation, and Sir Joln O'Shanassy says, and tile state of the financial resources of the country bear him out-that it will be some years and may be many, before the country can afford any great and successful scheme of irrigation and conservation of water. Those two Ministers and Mr. Gillies. last week, went stumping again, fishing for a little'popularity in the vain hope that. by so doing they might be able to pass their Iteformr scheme to fortify the veto andl power of the Council to defeat the Assembly. The Age -says :-" The. Commissioner of Rail ways returned to Melbourne and the Minis ter of- Mines -ad Commissioner of'Pubnlic Works reached Sandhurst at an early hour yesterday morning after their stumining tour through the Avoca and Wimmera districts, which had occupied their time since Thurs day evening. Throughout the journey they listened to and evaded application for rail ways, water conser'iation and other works, exercising great precaution in replying to to the. requests of the inhabitants. With them the supplying of district requiireents 1 'appeared to be secoudary considerations, the I frequency and length of the political speeches 1 indicated that they were acting under in- I structions from a superior authority to agitate on behalf of the Government., They did their work wellin that respect, hut did not meet with such success as they antici pated; and althoughi they were cheered by I ,a few retainers, the general body of tihe people had evident misgivings as to their sincerity." . . The Minister of Railways has issued a circular to the railwayj employes, fitimating that complaints that they have run up scores for drink will be recorded as detrimental to their advancement. Fe has -also notified that the employes must not belong to politi cal organisations. Mr. A. T. Clark brought I these circulars before the House last Wed nesday, and a heated discussion arose. Mr. Clark was so violent in his denunciations of the "tyranny " of the Ministry that Mr. Orkney rose co order, on the ground that the threatening language was an insult to the House. , Mr. Clark retaliated by calling Mr. Orkney "a tossil out of Noah's Ark," and Mr. John.Woods, was understood to be " daring" hon. members opposite to do this and that. "Dare who?" asked Mr. Bent. "Dare you and your crowd-dare the whole lot of you," replied Mr. Woods. "You know. better," said- Mr. Bent. "I will teach youto know better," retorted Mr. Woods; "I will teach you a lesson very soon." Mr. Woods had risen from his seat, i and was menacing in his gestures, but tihe members about him pulled lhimi down, and induced him to refrain from doing more than taunt Ministers across the table. As to the circulars, Mr. Gilles explained that he was reluctant "to,interfere with men in their privite life, but complaints of " sticking aup grog scores" were so numerous, and also complaints against engine-drivers, stokers, j and guards, coming to their duty under the influence of liquor, that he felt it his duty, at the custodian of tihe lives and the property of the public, to give au warning on the sub ject. As to the second circular, persons in in the Governmeut' employment are pro hibited by law from taking part in elections, except by voting, and a society "connected with the department, had on the eve of tile general election issued an appeal to its meem bers.to yote for the right man. Unless the law is to become a dead letter, this state of things,- said Mr. Gillies, could not be over looked.. It is is his intention to apply the law, while it is in force. Mr. A. T. Clark made a fervid appeal the Government to break up the "Civil Service Club," which, he says, is nothing from top to bottombutra politicad body. A.new process of preserving beef and mutton, which has been perfected by Mr. A. Lee, was tested at tile offices of M sessrs. Peck, Hudson, and Raynor on Tuesday (says tile Argus.) The specimens shown consisted of a small joint of beef and a leg of mutton. The latter was preserved whole, and turned out as when served fresh fdr the table. In both instances the meat had a natural taste, and suggested the thought that it could be served up hot with much advantage. Tile leg of mutton having been cooked in its natural shape, with the bone in it, had a much more pleasing appearance than is usually the case with preserved mutton. - It is the intention of Mr. Lee to form a small company to give the meat thus preserved a thorough trial, by sending samples all over the world. The process of preserving the meat is said to be simple in the extreme and very inexpensive. The provisions of the new Reform Bill in troduced into the Assembly by Mr. Service on Thursday evening formed the prominent topic of conversation in political circles oh Friday (says the Age.) Members have been given over a week to consider the Minis terial proposals before they enter upon the debate upon the second reading of the mea sure. The provisions of the bill caused much discussion, and there appeared to be a gene ral consensus of opinion that the Service remedy for the defects in the constitution had litle chance of being carried into law. As far ,as it is possible at present to forecast the future it is difficult to see how Mr. Ser vice can hope to obtain the absolute majority which is necessary to carry the measure in the Assembly. Speaking in the debate on Mr. Williams's motion for Payment of Members, last week, Mr. M'Kean said :--In his earlier career as a politician he had been one of those who had always voted for payment of members, but at the last election it was a question w:hich he had kept out of his programme. He could show to the House eleven instances whermein Parliament were paid. Thus :-In Belgiumn members not residing in town were paid travelling and diet expenses. In Den mark all tile members of both Houses re ceived payment for their services; in France the same. Iin Germany members of the second chamber received .1 per day as diet money andi travellirn expensesr; and could not refuse it. In Nietherlands mem bers were paid £116G per year, Ibesides travel lingexpenses. In Portugal each deputy hId a remuneration of about 10s. per day during the session. In Sweden each member re ceived £67 for each session of four months. In Norwsay 13s. 4d. per day was alloted besides travelling expenses, and in Canada the Speaker received 4000 dollars per annum, and each member obtained an allowcnce of 10 dollars per diem up to thie end of 30 days, and for a session lasting longer than this period the sum of 1000 dollars, with in Severy c:ase 10 per cent. per mile for travel ling expenses. The sum of 8 dollars per diem was deducted for every day's absence of a member unless the cause was illness. '1'e last and not least instance was the United States. The salary of senator or nepreaentative was £5000 dollars, or £1000, per annum, with travelling expenses. These quotations would show that tlhe principle of paymentjof members was not unprecedented, but quite the contrary. He thought that with a system of irepresentative Governmert such as existed in this colony payment of members should be in force, at any rate for country members. '"It is rumored in Scarsdalc," writes the Ballarat Star's correspondent, " and as such I give it, that Mr. Knights, tihe mayor of the borough, lhas taken out a writ against Mr. A. Young, M.L.A., to recover the penalty, if legally incurred, of sitting and voting in the Lcegislative Assembly. As a matter of course, the suit in tins instance would be of a friendly nature, with the view of precluding others.from suing for thssame penalty under circumstances less favorable ao Mr. Young." 