THEI HANDSOME IHCUSE KEEPER. . SonYr AnaT a c«rt. toY lEORuJ AU U3.:TUS Sf.A \ If iApit .EL.' PItIILt TIh.- f ,sn, ., dvertiui.oaet was duly indrer . " the lerding journal; nod. oid.:" I ?ontdes, Mias Nlerloi, pI~,S. 'UIand her way back to "' tld~. TI. wn without gettir'tr irreir'ev ; b v l. I. the Wandering Woodl lying :-n i er used to Ie--between Apo ,. t. Ic' l I aid 3lnackhiars. Anon, i'r "",.t" c ote invitationsbol' incerras' .-o.n to flow in >rnlthre ; and but that ; rb, ,," sttooe er in Azrlea-street kuew b .' Sinceitn' was the hndsrome Al .- .lr'on alto lodred iat the private )to e tconhby,'bd might have imngined b?er. trotn'he number of ctmmunicn $,oi. andre,.t.d to her, to biI one of thse. rlgi.tinius idventutert. of either pex woo are perpe'u*lly coz- ning hin imbecile publio out of stamps tinder the r.t tte of m-k ng them filteen feet igh in their stocktnls, or turning $beir h.ir from bright scarlet to pn. green, or osvealing the see, eta of the future, or enahling them to realise a Sortune of fifty thousand pounds on a pr ial of twopence-halp.enny. Ninety per cent of the answers lecolved by t Sincerirse' were rubbilsh, or a orne Idiors wrote; madmen wrote ; cou?drels lore. A baron.t of ancient fumily, phoas deceaeod wife was a peeress in Der own right, was exceedingly pnxious to setute the services of sucht pp accomullltad and coupaniiooable jady ; otly, as unlimited tl ut and co', fidernce would he ,luaced in her, aslid the baronet had a vast quantity of valualile plate and jewellery lying loose at his DopW, rpenrio, in Eaton-equure ?nd hi p*sa.e on Fl nthire, it wr ibbsoiluttly peceesary that she should deposit the spim qf filty pourdse a guarrta o for her integrity. Address ' VolpI.ne' Wegrg's offro-husoae, ')17a Shoreditch. j4. Maijor de hfockey, C.11., Into of tn. Gov. rnor-general of Itldia's boly pure. e s.d c,.mt,,ndant of the Saui Jti.n rd. kIy Very Iriegu'ar i+ tra!y w tti' ftrom the fijcloas Neusthiera'en hlIreh ail. \hure, Bavaria, to engage * toceru,,.a' in hot hosto at her own termsu . le ertclueed several pIrntedf pages ti.in from ' foreigtn 13tad.haw, to -hir,, her irec'sely what ste mneis phie shonrt tiake, and what trairs, she phtult. ctch to reach the Schloss il, ,t ,?r-ti ein. ithilully ptoroi.ing to relmubursr her travellilg exponsls oi0 ier artivl. A ' Ierired Admiral'- - the mp.p gram o the Senior Satyrs Glub was stanmped on his nor-p.per 'ws even nmore explicit. lie simplly begged ' Sitcer:t.e' to meet him tiny Friday atternoon ut a qleutter to laur. in ise fustlr.g'on Arcude, antd to wear a white camellia in her bonett aps a pignal. Added to tlhee were a cGoud pi oorrespotr.detns who no more wanted jady-housekeepers tihan they wtaned hitte elephants ; bitt who would be glad if' Speceritas' culd advance thern eleven bindred pounrds for the purlripe pl bringing into tnotice a plitert d uroicl,. Wparanted to pay a thousand per cent bonus, or who would feel extremely pbliged if she wou'd introtduce thern to p finanger who could forthwith producet p tragedy in seven acts acd in hii,nk ver.e of the fall of Tl'anqin. One gentleman-he begun Iie ctmmunico. tion at the bottom said fit isled it at the,ttp of a torn piece of fooleo,,p. at the back of which was an hoiel-hill wrote from Poole in Dorset- hbre, with re!tence to hit cf~itm to the Crown of ippIat.d, annti tofbhe gross misconduct pf the P. pa of Ro1Ie it, the cste of the prbteratttn in tte lanirtd.iri.vour.pocket Cosmopolitan A-auratce Company ; runl % lady from 3e.r .onosey, who saitl he wa* aeverty-nine,. aod signed herepll I(ueIl..,' wro'e entreating a emrill re ittanoe i s amp-,on thr plea of havitni pown i' c?ceita-'' nmother ' in earlier a d happier days.' 'hirs was the ,'jpogest shot of all; hut who lht has pdIyeftised for san thing he cended haus e"t received replies asnbehtad? I dver. tised fort house oncein the W.C, district and smorg the tsawts which poutpn jq was otne Trim a matr at Newcapsle.. pnvl'yne, who w 'ned tosell mte a fiddle pih thie date 1C63, and waotanted to have been the property of Raymond .ulli. There were a few grains of wheat in ~lsa intolerable land of chlfl ; but 12acheo l grew tired of correspondin. it.h shabblfy or hllf childdah old ex tockbrh.k r, rcetited Q C , and yaletud nurrn ballprpy officers, some of homn watllted a cook, tIpl otllers a puri?; lut none of whom fulfilled Miss erton's Idea of tine requ~rements of a pidower or single gentlI-mn pripetly 0 ter'nud, awhile aill Irequired a Ilnsximum of work for a minimum of tsmuneration. Rathael hald ntarlyv given up her task in cespair. i,?d yan thinking of revertrui to the tosation her soul ablorted, thlrt of pn'eriog a choliol ti a governesa, when the pontmt.t.r hIaded hr, orit 9rvninrg a note, which I traoecribe iihtr .,lly : 'Ifondred Blloutpri- sqttr. ' Mater Zollicoffitni is gertlorntn rfdout wife- (uraza a DiO i). trd v,,nts p 9 iotse. It tle vomane lidy vich olc allself te post cffice Stccritt can comn 31: 5r Zolhicjtfani's Iou-. nsod nit letis laril s come in to toh bhs pretsy toprs. dere is gpod ciok and doe Srnceritra :or h.i tl'ree led tonr id ao fhat -he like. fr a hInrdred prout d a year, but you mur-t keep our mty (.milirs ; my bs, ker will tell you I tim pld gentlemer dat knw Carionil F. selt and d Bisfthop Lord of Bristolderry. vrv well I am--or ran icomr t o.v toty lees is Dad aed yop not live at de post t.i ti %C ArLtnri O!GutrlutArttr Zot.iCrtANIm.' ibi Jeittiftlr a wrttn en ii it ritunitig but del c?,e hithd to ltnler re,ot ], very etroitlIX of itbrco., rtn oke. t,,d the 'srvelopr? a" t ,eeld with a WsuatJd1 igure44U o oq a1 sa l TtreesqLl iig a goat dancing to the piping of a Iun. ' That's the letter of u gentleman. aid of a single one too; and be isn't madt, hough he does ?p-l Bloomobury. .quara *" IBlomebra equa~r." I shall cII there, Mirs Lsupus.' 'I bi spoke Ituchrael Merton ii, her most decided wy. She w.s as good as her word, ncd, ecorning the rail this tins., jump, d into a hauomtnand bade thel man deive towards the Bjrlti.h Mlu.un. She little lnew that lihe was ridlau 'o ai Great Perld-to the gre?te t irerid eh had enc, urnered ri bher le - t on plil more dreadful than death itetif. AMr Zlhrcoffint lived at the number g ven, in a large old house which hlpke, as tl.ough it had Ist beeen pasit*ed and lied h,,d its windows cl arie.i in the dilvs when Blonmebuiry-squale was e faV,ourite towt.-icsdilence of the littrish uariocrcy Several ol the pIes in the, upper witcows were Ibrkei- precum. ably l y ia no lpoely mob duoing the riots of 'eighty.' Rochnel s'opped her h ,nsum ut the Mluseum, uann walkedl mo.:es ly to Mr Z Sllhe.,ian's residence. Her modest knock was a, swered in tlhe filet instane6 by a loutish boy with a red head and in a dirty striped j.cke who appeared in the uiea, aid bawled up to the lady on the d,osa ep the' ' they didn't wnant tny.' On h, ing Io moostreted v irb by the p isn above. he dtsdanled larther piiiiley, but retirei to the sbadow of the duslbin, where heI diverted hitiaelf by cackitg togetlher iwo pieces o slate he hebld between hi figers, in childish imlltation ofl ih, pIipular muviclune fIrm a tuoit ii litme who perlolrm on the h.~res. itachiael knockoed ga n , and this time a garret. window was o eliied, and it vu Ce, .,eitingly Iriocedit. g irom the head oi a slatterllly gil wi It an enormous andl d ,lhevelhed top kno t (fhale) but iou c. p. attelmed out that there wees ,soode at holne,--a st,,terment whic, on thle fac. of it, was iiex.ct . Beg ning to, lose her )emlter it little, lhsha1el ie.v e vigorous plull at. i Ihll benehtlh which w sil gPeasy plate hearing tle il-septed in-cription of " Visrtors 'I'bis had the effect of iirigng to tl.o door a wondel fully sk:nny old wmnan, with a thoiusand-.,ru-one wrinkles on her yeliow lace, Ilnd who in?ght Iive eliNte, wit,. great advantage, to UnaltlHzar Deie, i, y time duringi tIe lust celitlri, as ia model for the Wi ch of Endor. Ilacha.i cuild oi.ly dlseern Ihe ctunlitenanice ol hIbs ancien.t Iidy through a very Uarrow crevics; for the old womani, elire she opened the dour, tlok the precaution to put the caitlr uip. 'Vit is ho Ion vart.?' a.ker the skinny old ?olnan in a vio e lihk a huidy-g.uriy suutle:ring fromn broi?ch tis, and with a sirung horeg i aecctit. SAl i Zollic ffif ini.' Slie v;l Ile ; iut vat you vent ?' "to 0.0 I.,.. nilt t-is,.al I 11,... Iliichii 1. a hi felt very much incitieUl inI -ttmp with vexation, or to lur.ge at th ild lady lhehi.d the cllH n with her cun shaded. But a 10. Il(in arnm, termua'tit.. iigt with rtawIly paw, W?s tiilltt through tIle Hpo ulit i, itcd the voice coutiiied : • lave y.it le e Ot' Gut.e-.g ihut anme crelentials war requir, d ior exlt. n the cbj-ect of h".r v lir, ]liichael itotunitely I telmliihelr. that ishe Iud bIrn.ghlt waith her Zolicuoffsl's Ireply to her adverlt, - inent. This site pliced in tle tiwnli piw, which iriniedlnl tely cliiclh d it arind wii withdrawn, A minute aft r wards the v,,ice rs umed : 'It is rigihts You cone in directil a, aqpetta V'u momenlino, You not htlolig to h a ftmi ies ?' 'Wbhn.e ifamily ? ii the name of wonder !' Rachael senppislly de inanded. ' Mister ZollicoffTai's. If you come to be Ihis deur relitionsi and mk, hi vil, and rob his pretty tings, I po for the policeman.' Rerad tle letter, if you can rend, and judge for yourself,' Miss Merton hlun.rhtily replied. The skinny old woman seemed reassured hy ihi., and direc'ly after wirds the chain fell with a heavy cldne, and Ruchrel was admitted inlto a large entrarca hall with stone wall and pavoeneti, the former ot which was hung thick ii h oubwebs, wh In rho lhiter was inch thick in dust The hall wae mroreover cumbered with a quantity of dusty packing cses; whilo. out of tatnishel gilt trlleps, s'eucked ngainst one another, duel'ier oil lplintings loonoedl, ind in the hacktroiund sonic i ure stutlles dlusped in dust, soie a lei.sIi, sonli UrnliOe.s, nodl some hleadless, glowered lik. ghosts. (To" be continued). A DnrICE TO MOTlotIS.-AtO yOU hiroken inI your rest hty a slck'lchild lufering witi tlth pain of cutting tiath ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs Waindw' •ootlinlg Syrup. It'llt relieve the polr sill titrer inlmedhiately;. It is perfitly hIlrmniles and plelnant to taste it piroaluleion iatural.,qui sleep by relieving tl, clill from rain, lad thrile lIttle cherub awikI as brighlt ns a burtton.' It sootthes the chlld, it softens the gulis, allty. all aIn, relieves wind, reoul.tes the howels,' and Is the he-t kr ra? I remedly fir dysentery and dliarrlumn, who hi-e rllsill from teeth!iig or other causes. lirs Winshliw' Soutlhing S3 rup is sold by mediclie.lderilerl everywhlere nt Is I?d per bottle. Manufactured at 493 )Oxlorl street, iandnll. Tinr,dtr ArF?crr ton an aVHOArlBiESReB.- All saltrlng Iroti Irrtilliratios o tIto thriiat nd hluirrrellse.s ill be agertirlily surlrlised at lth. almlrls i.mnlliste ll' rlif florlll by the iuse of " iroWll'rws lIranolil 'itrlltlul." ihi"esie fiionllllS lozesgc are noIlo llll by nolit reepectshle i hienil-s in Iha i is r itiiri n It s I tii prl box. I'eollle tra, lird .l a Ii il 'lcl uini PruelIli Hs'siihl i c lult,"urbir h iulili II etiol.ll. erntllnt itr Ihi Iii O O 11r 01,, ii l iiliair tirrihl, it n)l.a, Ii I hurt l .r ulnlr , riarlt In irlouis I't lull Cer i art A hiii teitl ir ft/ictuuilts. ?ice I liii Ihlt w ii ds r l*irwtis jiriioitliiul fr?aeie" iare on the tIiii l lltllliir eialiill lt l iuii i ' ,er . . iitiiIacturedi by ,hur! 1. IHItuuwNo , e.,. tlaloIot United Stdtt-s. Utlti, 4'JJ Oaloru sIraqtt h"-aido 