ANOTHER KEILLY GANG STORY. Another story is told by the " Seymour Express" of the hairbreadch escapes which brought the seoluded El'roa distriot before the world during Kelly campaign, Mr. Wyatt, P.M., was one day walking through the yet original scrub to be found behind the temporary court house when he passed a young fellow who eyed him rather closely, and who it turns out was no less a person than Steve Hart. A shot timne after, the outlaw met a fMiend of his and asked him who was the old buffer with the sheet round his hat. On being told !hat it was the worthy and amiable police magistrate, lie exp es-ed his deep regret that he had not knooked him over. MORMONISo s IN VICTORIA. - The "'Age" reports:-At the City Court on Wedneslay, a man named Thomas Phillips was charged with neglecting to support his two illegitimate children. Mary Ryan stated that about six years ago the defendant took her step daughter to live with him, in the same house with his wife, who after a time left. The two children in question were subsequently born and f'r six months had been left upon the hands of Mrs. Ryan and her husband, the mother having disappeared, and the father having been absent in Sydney until his recent return, when he was arrested. Mr. ltill, the city missionary, who was acquainted with the facts of the case, enlightened the bench as to the life of the defendant. It appears that at the time of his taking the girl from her home he represented himself as a Mormon, and for some years his wife did not object to the other woman living with her in the house. Defendant agreed to the terms pro posed by Mr. Call, which were that Mr. W. Collard Smith, the Minister of Education. has taken up the que.tion of the classification of teathers from the point at which it had arrived when he left the department. He has appointed a board to deal with the subject, and expects to be able to perfect a scheme within a short time by which promotions will take place by merit and seniority. " Age." According to our ("Argus" Monday) easble inessages, the Nihilist movement is being rapidly stamped out in Russia owing to the rigorou.s measures adopted by General Melikoff. The state of ITrcland continues to cause alarm, and fresh acts of violence are feared. The Australian cricketers have suffered their first defeat. Tile Scarborough Eighteen played well, and won the matoh by 90 runs. On the 6th Sep tember the Australians commence a match a;ain-t a representative team' on Kennington Oval, and this, no doubt, will be a most interesting game. It is the intention of the Govern ment (says the (t Argu'") to fl ,at the £2,000,000 balance of the loan of 1878-9 this year. The operation will be effected through the Associated Banks, who have been auttorised to communicate with the London agencies on the subject. Before the money can be utilised here, a Railway Construc tion Bill will have to be passed, and the consideration of such a measure is, therefore, to be one of the early tasks of the session. CUnIous EF'ECT FROM FRuoI or.- The "Carlton Advertiser' says ;-A curious illustration of the affeot of the mind upon the body under certain conditions has lately been presented to us. A man living in the neighborhood some short time ago, had a wife who was given over body and sonl to the gin-fiend. She had been warned by her husband to desist from her evil ways, but, although pretending to accede to his wishes, kept up the practice complained of in secret. She made use of her little daughter-a girl about twelve years old-to bring her drink from the public house. This came to the konowledge of the husband who threatened the child with a severe flagging if he should ever again find her carrying liqa;or to her mother. The latter, however, overcame Ihe fears of her daughter and induced her once more to go to the hotel. But the pitcher that went to the hotel so many times was broken at last. The child, as she was coming out of the hotel bar with the jug of beer in her hand, saw her father watching her from the other side of the street, and was so striken with terror, that the jug dropped out of her hands and she stood as one paralysed. When her father came over he found that the fright had turned the eyes in her head. She went under an operation efter a time, but although her eyes were restored to their natural position her sight was ruined for ever. A HARD STORY. - The "Hawkes Bay Herald" (New Zealnod) is respon sible for the following:--"A rather curious incident occurred in Hastinds street ths other day. A gentleman was walking somewhat briskly, and, in turning the corner, bumped up against a well-known draper. He was about to apologise, when the draper inter rupted him with the exclamatiou-' You have saved my life !' and, in explan ation, stated that he had suddenly become lockjawed, and was on his way to the doctor, in great pain, when the collision affected a speedy and un expected cure. EFFECTS OF EXAHLPLE.-A corre spondent supplies the following to the " Hamilton Spectator" :-" The Opera house tragedy is ended, Greer dead, Soudry about Melbourne, and Mrs. Greer progressing to recovery. It was just by the merest chance that another scene had not been enacted that night. A gentleman in a high position in one of the Government offices, who has been a little 'off his head,' became saturated with the idea that his wife had not been faithful to him, and he determined the seducer and seduces should pay the penalty with their lives. Fortunately, about the third act it became known that the would-be assassin had a six-chambered revolver, and a friend called him out of the theatre, and got him to hand over the loaded weapon. It becomes a question for M.r, Lyster to enquire is it safe to play ' Les Hugenots' again, attended as it was by such uufortunate results I" PorIcE AOTIVITY IN THE KELLY COUNTRY.-A telegram in Thursday's "Herald" states that there was great ercitement at Wangaratta on Thursday morning on account of a sudden and mysterious movement on the part of the police. Evidently acting on some important information Sergeant Steele and a large body of police, with black trackers, fully armed, m.unted in haste and galloped off in the directin of the Warby Ranges. All sorts of rumours ate abroad, but nothing definite is known, One statement is to the effect that a fresh gang of hushrangers is out, and another is that the movement has something to do with the finding of Ned Kelly's t"plant." All this, how ever, is mere conjeoture. The pol ce resolutely refuse to give the slightest information. SUPPOSED JIURDRIt AT WICKLIFE. The "Argus" eorrespondent telegraphed the following from Ararat on Thursday evening last t-Mir. J. H. Alley, coroner for the district, held a magis terial inquiry at Wickliffe yesterday on the body of a man who was found lying dead in a paddock belonging to Mr. Williamson, about seven miles from the township, under circumstances which ssem to indicate that a horriblle murder had been committed. The body had apparently been lying some weeks before it was found, and was much decomposed. It was that of a man about 5ft 7in high, and was lying face downwards, with a wound in the skull, apparently inflicted by a dull, heavy instrument, A large portion of the back part of the skull was fractured, a hole corresponding to the wound being found in the hat. There was nothing to lead to the identification of the man, and a verdict was returned that deceased had met his death by a wound in the head, inflicted by some person or persons unknown. The " Hamilton Sl.ectator" states that Miss Eva Carmichael, the heroine of the Loch Ard disaster, is about to be married to Mr. W. C. Mackay, the son of a wealthy Dublin merchant. Some excitement (states Friday's "Argus") is being caused in Kilmore at present by the appearance of a "ghost" that nightly promenades the railway platform, and has already so sorlously frightened several persons as to render them very ill. A few nights ago the apparition was fired at several times, but without producing any effect. It ii believed that some of the residents are perpetrating a foolish practical joke, and the police have taken the matter in hand, It is reported (says the "Argus" of Satur day) that Ayoub Khan has made an unsnc cessful attempt to storm the British positions at Candahar. His chief assault was directed at the ehikarpoor gate, which is in the south of the city. The British trllps were able to repel the assault Canlahar is enclosed with walls, but the fortifications with the ex oeption of the citadel, which is situated on the top of a precipitous rock. about two miles to the north of the city, are not very strong. Our telegrams also report several other items of interest. Mr. Gladstone, by the advice of his physicians, will leave for Madlira on tile d1st inst. to recruit his health. Severe floods have occurred in Prulsia. Tile United States Government has invited tile European powers to a con ference to be held in January next to con sider the sanitary conllition of seaports and the best means of disseminating prompt in formation respecting the existence there of infectiofs diseases. The Australian Eleven are playing a match at Scarborough, and seem in some danger of sustaining a defeat. The state of Ireland is causing consider able concern to the home Government, and every day some fresh act of violence is per petrated. Although the statement that the agitators intended to blow up the barracks at Cork with gunpowder is disbelieved, there remains some ground for alarm. inasmuch as a quantity of gunpowder hans been folmd concealed, although too distant from the barracks to be intended for the destruction of that building. The greatest vigilance is being observed, and armed patrols pemrmbu late the streets. If the lawlessness should continue, it is said that a winter session of Parliament. will be necessary.-"Argus," Friday. From the "Argus" we learn that a meet ing of the Executive Council was held on Thursday, when the appointment of Mr. F. L. Smyth, as acting judge of the County Court, was confirmed and ordered to be gazetted. During the evening a supplement to the "Government Gazette" was issued formally notifying the appointment. An action (states Friday's "Argus") was brought in the County Court yesterday, by Mr. Samuel Fieldhouse, to recover £2,000 from the jroprietors of the " Age" news paper, for an alleged libel published against the plaintiff in that newspaper on the 31st January last. The libel complained of con sisted of comments on the character of the plaintiff in reference to his dealings with his bank, and also of a statement that there was reason to believe the bank was not the only victim of misplaced confidence in him. The case lasted the whole of the day, and at its close the jury returned a verdict for the defendants. The " Argus" reports that the nomination papers of fIr. Philip Russell and Mr. J. H. Conner have been duly lodged with the re turning officer for the South-Western Prouince. We learn from thei "Argus" that Mr. J. W,. Hackett lhas petitioned against the re turn of Dr. 1a l len o 'r Sanldrilge, on the grounds of " lbribery." "unvlue influence," and -"intimidation" ,by Dr. Madden and by his agents. The petition has been received by the Speaker. and the text is publislhed in a supplement to the " Gr:ls.ta" M:aters in Afghanistan are applarently approaching a crisis. Gerer,.ol Sir F. S. Roberts, who left Cabul with a considerable force for the relief of Gen ral P".iiuise at Cadnhnar, is continuing his march sonuth wards, having already passled Ghlzaii, but has yet a long way to travel before Ito can reach Candahar. The contrtiy, moreover, which he has to traverse is known to l'e strongly hostile. So far, he has met with no opposition. General Robert Phayre, who has been collecting a force in the Khljuk Valley, is advancilng from the soutlt:eard to the relief of General Primrose, but before reaching Candahar has some 70 or 80 miles of rough country to pass over, not a very easy matter with fie;d batteries of heavy guns. In the course ota day or two some thing should be heard of the operations of the various corps 'iarmeC now in the field in Afghanistan.-" Argus," Monday. Monday's " Argus" says :-Yesterday after noon seven waggonette loads of well-dressed young men drove through the township of Brunswick to a place known as Moore's-lone, where they ahghted, and shortly afterwards engaged in football in an adjoining paddock, some of the wearing guernseya The sergeant of police having been communicated with, sent two of his men to stop the play, but the sight of the uniform at a distance made the whole of the players run pell-mell to their vehicles, into which they got and drove off. It was said that one or two prominent members of the C!rlton Football Club were seenin the crowd. On the return to town the occupants of two of the waggonettes sang in loud chorus soom verses of a plopular song, just at the time the children were leaving the various Sunday-schools. The "Argus" states:-The President of tihe Legislative Csuncil issued a writ on Satur day for the return of a member for the Western Province in place of dir Samuel Wilson, who retires by rotation. The fol lowing are the arrangements s--Day before which nomination must be made, Alugst31; polling-day, September 11; return of writ, September 25. The duty imposed by the Berry Govorn ment in 1877 on redgum, but the operation of which has been frequentlv suspendled, comes into force to-dlay. WYe understand that it is not the intention of the now Ministry to contilnue the act on the statutc.. book, but a bill for its repeal wvill be intro duced immediately after the IHouse meets. In the moantimue the dulty has to be collected, but MIr. A. T. Clark, as Commissioner. of Customs, has been advised by the Cabinet to take formal acknowledgments from the traders., anl so reduce the inconvenience to a minimum--"Argus," Monday. Pedestrianism is rapidly becoming an American hobby, that, like all of its crochets will be ridlden to death. It is, however, absorbingr public attencion awl exciting s''otific interest by developing the force of muscular power, and demonstrating the scope of human, physical endurance. Great as is thill recorded capacity of sulch bheroes as the Ws?tons, O'Lcarys, Hugheses, and others, much more can be accomplished in the way of I peripatetic exorcise, and if such distances have already been overcome in incredibly short periods of time, what may not he achieved after the system has been invigor ated by UDOLPHO. WO'FE.S SCaRIuDAnA AnoMATIro SCHNAPPS. There is encouraging news from Canda bar. From our cable telegrams it will be seen that General Primrose, taking ad vantage of the inactivity of Ayonb Khan, has tforced the fighting by a sortio from the garrison. The attack was successful, and after inflicting eonsiderable loss on thile enemy, the British force retired into thile garrison with the loss ol very few men. General Phayro is gradually making his way towards Candahar from the Khojukl, but hIis march is likely to be impeded by a large body of Afghans con centrated between his force and that of Ayoub Khan. The Irish news is unex citing. The Sunday meetings were held as proposed, but although inflammatory speeches were made, there was no violence or disorder. A terrible storm has oc casioned much damage in Mexico, where one small town has been distroyed. The Porte is sending troops to IDulcigno in order to compel the Albanions to surren der the place in accordance with the decision of the Berlin Conference. "Argus," Tuesday. Friday's ''Argus"' reports :-Heinrich Nelson, the "wild man" of Tallarook, was biought up on remand at the Kilmoro Police Court yesterday, on a charge of vagrancy. Several petty larcenies were proved against him, and he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour. FLOaI.INNE - Fon THE TEETH YND RRBATR.-A. few drops of the liquid " Flordline" sprinkled on a wet taoth brush produces a pleasant latherl. which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all arasites or impurities. Ihar lens the grums prevents tartar, stops deea:v. gives to the teeth a peculiar .pearl-whliteuess, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It re moves all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tohacco smoke. " The Fragrant Florilinec," being compased un part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and thle greatest toilet discovery of Ihe age. Pric"-, 2s. t;l. of all Chemists and Perflmners. Prepared by lrenryC.GA?LT.me.4t93i Oxford-st London ?EVERY NOTABLE EVENT NOTCIIES ITSEIL IN THE O?AESI DII OF TIME. The spltndid achievemelts of military prowess. the radical rev lntilus wrought in religions. the reformations effecled by socialistic or scientific devrelopments, fresh inventions. great, original ideas, all stand out saliently by force of their own marked character, vital import and significance. So in the medical world, the origination of UDnorro WorFE's ScuIIED.\M AROMATIC ScHusPPes signalized an epoch, and will lire as long as humanity is capable of appreciating its miraculously curative powers. ADvicE TO MIOTHERS !-Are you broken n your rest by asick child suffering the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs. WiN sLOw's SOOTHING SYRap. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste it produces natural, quiet sleep, by re lheving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gaumins allays all pain. relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoaa, whether. arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at is lid. per bottle. Manufactured at 493, Oxford Street, London. 