OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) The man Blackman, who recently escaped from prison, has had seven months added to his previous sentence- six months for absconding, and one month for not returning the prison uniform in l which he escaped. In China they have a t different way of managing things. They punish the overseer or gaoler there for al lowing the escape, and do nothing to the would-be absconder, regarding it as only t natural that a prisoner should endeavour o, to regain his liberty. V Go where you will, its" have you seen the ghost?" For some weeks past a cowardly blackguard has been playing the ghost in different parts of the town, frightening old women and children into fits, and keeping nervous people in a con- stant state of alarm. I pity his ghostship if he is captured some evening. He will be taught a lesson which will last him a lifetime. Tar and feather would be too easy a punishment for the coward. It is a very contemptible mind that can derive pleasure from such amusement, and I do not envy the feelings of the man who gloats over the terror which he can create in the hearts of the weak women and little children. We are all of us liable to be startled if taken unawares : and a sudden fright does none of as any good. As I heard a woman say in one of the 'buses the other night, "I know its all fudge to talk about ghosts and such rubbish, but still I wouldn't see it for all the money in the bank. I'm not afraid you know, only I don't want to see it " Mobs go out to catch the ghost, but such kine are not captured by mobs. Perhaps if some big brother would impersonate an old woman and stroll upon the road haunted by our white gowned hero, something might be seen and heard of the meeting. Such ghosts are cowards at heart, and only dare face old women and children. I am told that some short time ago a woman residing in Campbell- street was brutally assaulted by one of our respect able larrikins, and that an effort likely to be attended with success has been made to hush the matter up and burk enquiry. After long delay a summons against the offender has, it is said, been issued, and when he is brought before the court, I trust that justice will be done. There is one effective punishment for such rascals, and only one-the lash. It is wonderful how fully convinced people are that Trickett sold his race with Hanlan. You can scarcely find a man who will back the contrary opinion. Really all this seems very unfair. ']hose who believe that he sold the great race should remember that he lost the Hop bitters race also. Had he sold his first race in order to make a pot of money on the second, this would not have been the case. But he has lost everything- prizes, bets, and above all honour and popularity. I for one still believe in his honesty, and 1 trust it will not be long before a reaction in this direction sets in with those who are now the detractors of Trickett. I learn from a Melbourne paper that on the night of Ned Kelly's execution, the "'Kelly family" appeared at the Apollo Hall and netted upwards of £97 for the first evening (after which the authorities interfered and "stopped the exhibition.") As the charge for admission was one shil ling, this sum means an attendance of close upon 2000. So much for" morbid curiosity. A friend recently returned from the Exhibition tells me that near Ararat lately, a number of lads3got together and went through a mock trial with one of their companions, who acted the part of Ned Kelly. After duly passing sentence upon him, they proceeded to suspend him by the neck from the branch of a tree close by. He was lifted from .the ground and only rescued by a passer-by when almost strangled. When Peace was executed in London some months baok,no less than six lads were hanged to death by playing at the same game. The report of the inquests on these lads appeared in the English papers at the time. So much for capital punishment as an example. We should be glad to know that Sir Henry Lefroy is likely to remain with us. He is cut out for a Governor. Although his stay in Tasmania has been short he has already won golden opinions. Taking a quiet but sincere interest in the welfare of the island, he is unostentatiously making himself acquainted with our public insti. tutionss and the resources of the country. We are in the depths of winter again, and a regular gale has been blowing since Sunday evening. Nov. 29. 