baroness she retired to her own room to read her letter undisturbed. Her hand trembled so that for a moment she sank on her knees and repeated the prayer that in the morning had given her such wonderful comfort. There is nothing which gives so much strength in the hour when a single word may influence our fate, as an entire resignation to the will of Cod. She then opened the letter and read the few lines w hich the rose-coloured paper contained :—■ In tlie mime of our child I be" you to wait forme lx!hiinl tin* Crock (iiajiel between seven and eight o'clock to-nieht, Casimir. Nothing more. The struggle was therefore again in prospect the struggle which as she believed yesterday she should he spared ; she should once more see and hear the man whom she had chosen for her husband in spite of her fathers dissuasions, who had driven her from his side, but whom she still so tenderly loved. “ No, I will not go,” she said in her first moment of surprise. “ Why should I risk the peace of my soul and perhaps prepare sorrow for myself ? Vet he says in the name of our child ! What would I not venture for the sake of my Natalie. Perhaps she is ill,or cannot live with out me ; perhaps she lias found some way of escape under the sad circumstances that separ ate us. I must go ; 0 my God, be with me !” It occurred to Madame Ten Burghe that Louise was paler and more <piiet that usual. “ Are you ill V” she asked in a sympathizing manner. “You should go out a little. The baron and I are going to Ncrsberg to-day and the drive will do you good. “ No dear lady, I had rather remain at home ; I have a had headache and to go out would make it worse.” “ As you please, but a little walk would be my best advice under such circumstances.” During tea the baroness wanted again to ad mire her Louise must fetch the book A sudden thought struck lier as she went for it, she threw away the plant and gave the empty volume to the baroness. “ Oh ! it is not here, Louise. How can that be ? I must certainly hare upended the book while I was in the Greek chapel and let my beautiful plant fall out of it. If the carriage does not come directly .1 shall beg you to go with me to the wood to seek another—but there it is already.” “Shall I go to the wood or you? I know where the plant grrws.” “ But you are not well ?” “A walk is better for me than a drive, and it is so cool and pleasant in the wood.” “ But is it quite right for a young person to go and wander about there alone asked the baron. “ Oh, a botanizing book makes it all right,” declared the baroness. “ Best of men, do you not understand that ?” In a few minutes they drove away, after the baroness had strongly impressed upon Louise’s mind that she was not to bring any other plant. She little knew how different were the thoughts that filled Louise's mind from hers, and how the poor forsaken woman envied the fortunate baroness, who was able to enjoy such simple amusements. As it struck seven Louise left the villa and directed her steps to the appointed spot. It was gloomy weather. The sun only now and then darted a pale ray through the thick clouds that concealed him, and Louise found to her relief that there were only a few loiterers on the usual frequented way. With a heating heart she remained stauding at the gate of the Greek chapel ; her eyes were fixed upon the town, now gilded by the light of the setting sun. She waited fora quar ter of an hour. Merry groups of people passed guests from the baths, governesses with the children entrusted to their care, and men and ladies on horseback, blit she had only a fleeting glance for all these, for a single person who, his face concealed in a military cloak, seemed to be expecting someone, was her only object. At last she. saw a single figure approaching, and sought by a silent prayer to quiet the im petuous beating of her heart. 1 le came straight up to her. His face was pale, as death. Without saying a word, he offered her his arm, and she placed her hand, which trembled like an aspen leaf, lightly upon it; then he led her to the wood. “ Lodniska !” he began, after a minutes silence which to both of them appeared an end less time, “ how is it that I find you here !” His voice sounded hard and commanding, and emotion rendered her incapable of reply. “ Are you here with your father,” he asked. “My father—” she sobbed—“I have no father : he is dead.” “ Dead ! and where is Vera ?” “ She is in a school,” “ Then what are you doing here ?” “I am companion to a Dutch lady,” she said almost inaudibly. He stood still, his eyes sparkled with anger. “ That is to say a servant. My wife, the Princess Dalmacthine, is to lie paid that an old ill-tempered woman may have a right to command her. Lodoiska, cursed be your obstinacy.” “ I did not wish it ; I only submitted, as you had sent me away from you.” “ Because you would not give way, because you placed a few empty religious forms before your holiest rights and duties. Your self will has led you to despise your own well-being.” “That I might remain true to my faith, Casimir.” “Do you not pray to the same God ?” Does; your faith differ from mine in aught but a few unimportant forms ? Ami is it worth while for the sake of these to make your husband, your child, and perhaps yourself unhappy ” “ I can only return you these questions. Casimir. I at least do not require of you the sacrifice of your holiest convictions” He shrugged his shoulders. “ Holiest con victions ! If it were a question of my happiness and respectability I would willingly kiss the foot of your Pope. I do not give myself up to the teaching of our priests. If you had wished it I would have become a Roman Catholic on our mai'i’iage, but you yourself prevented this.” “ Because I should have despised the man who would leave his religion for worldly reasons.” “ And I should value you highly if your love for me would make this sacrifice. Lodoiska, what is it to me what faith you hold if you are to me a loving wife, and to our Natalie—who so much requires a mother’s love—a good and careful mother ? ” “ Why then send me away ! ” “Wherefore? Do you still ask? Because as long as with my Catholic daughter, I am also united to a Polish rebel, all the high positions in the State are closed against me, and 1 am rendered incapable of maintaining the honour of our race.” “ And did you not see this before our mar riage ? ” “ Were not things then quite different ? My eldest brother was living, and I could dwell in peace and freedom on my estates, and consider the happiness of my bondmen ; and did we not do this, Lodoiska, in those lirst happy years of our marriage ? ” “ Ah ! can I foi'get them ! ” she sighed. “ But then came the rising of the Poles and the death of my brother. Till then no one had asked who was thejwife of Casimir Dalmatchinc, to what religion she adhered ; whether she was Russian, Turk, or Samoied. My mother dis tinctly declared-” “ Uh ! it is she who was the cause of our separation, she and she only.” “ She was right ; the honour of oixr race was more to her heart than our happiness. ‘ It was now,’ she said, ‘ my duty to iill honourably liry brother’s place.’ I could till the post which he had held by a stroke of my pen, I could take as high a stand as he had, but then 1 must wash out the stain with which my inconsidoi'atc marriage had mai’ked me. This could be done in two ways ; cither my wife must openly go over to the Creek religion or our marriage must be dissolved.” “ And you placed the choice before me. Could I for a moment hesitate between happi ness and apostaey ? ” “ That was your affair ; I did my duty.” “ May you never repent, Casimir, of having sacrificed the honour and esteem the love of your wife and the happiness of your child ! ” “ And have you never repented of having broken your vow to follow me everywhere, and ixr all things to obey me ? ” “ In everything not forbidden by Cod. Oh, Casimir ! there is only one tiling oi which 1 repent, and in expiation of this I bear in silence the sorrow which lias been laid upon me. There should he no partnership between the oppressor and the victim ; that I forgot, hut I was so young and loved you so dearly. Dear father ! if I had only followed your advice. But your voice was too persuasive, and then you agreed to all my conditions. Uh, if I had only thought that you could break your oath ! ” “ Break my oath, Lodoiska? If anyone else had said that-” “ No other would have the right to do so, Casimir. 1 do not complain. I .shall go quietly on my way. I shall never take a single step to claim any rights from you. Vou are the strong est, I can only suffer. 1 have commended you and Natalie to our good Cod, and if yon had not desired me to come hither in the name of our child 1 would never have met you. I have not reproached you.” Her gentleness only irritated the angry man still more. “You have no heart,” he continued IM A I M L I t • if A II ill nr o f 1’aki, Fjcitr “ »Sea Shell, r{ eh ., fie. I ( lA'priiitetl from the Lamp.) CHAPTER IV. In the middle of the day Louise look up a packet of letters and newspapers lor he Laron and his wife. Amongst them she ford a letter addressed to tha Countess Louise Flo uski with the post-mark “Wiesbaden.” With a beating heart she placed t in her pocket-book, aud giving the pack to the “ Your bigotry has stlleel every other feeling of your soul. You are one of these happy beings, who are comfortable under all circumstances ; who one moment weep and sigh, but who soon contrive to take refuge in the unavoidable.” 8he was silent, but she looked at him in a way that said more than words. He was completely unmanned by it, and pressing her hand in his exclaimed in a voice of sorrow: “Oh, my Lodoiska, why may I not make you happy ?’, “.Because you place transitory honour and uncertain happiness higher than your duty.” “ And can you wish me to give up my splendid career on your account'd' “ If this can only be purchased by my down fall or my banishment, yes.” “ You place your claims very high, madam.” “Let us contend about itno longer, Ca.simir. 'Pilings are exactly as they have been for the last three years. 'Pell me rather about her on whose account L came hither. Docs Natalie still think of her mother ?” “ No ; no one ever speaks of her.” “Oh, Oasimir !” sobbed the poor mother, “ how fearful !” “ I low much more fearful is it in you who leave to strangers the duties that are yours.” “ Ami <lo you reproach me with this? You who took her away from me. Oh, Oasimir ! give her back to mo, L will never trouble you ; i will bring her up as becomes your daughter, but give me back my child. If it were a boy there -would be more reason for your keeping ■him, hut with a girl who can replace the mother V” “ I fa, ha ! am I to part with Natalie to please you? How can such a wild idea enter your head ? I should iind that you made her an enemy of her country, of her religion and of her own lather ; a person as obstinate and unfeeling as you are yourself.” “Oh, Oasimir! 1 should teach her to love you. lint torture me no longer ; it is useless. You have everything in your own hands ; you can remain away from me. You have your mother, who hates me, you have wealth, respect, and power ; I have nothing.” “ Ami if you choose you can have everything. Be one with me in faith, swear to-morrow morning in this chapel that you will give up your religion, and 1 will protect you and have yon honoured by everyone as my wife. We must part. Choose Lodoiska.” “ Between Cod and man ! Oh, Oasimir ! how you would despise me if I did as you desire 1” “ I should bless you, I should be grateful to you, 1 should believe that you loved me.” “ Bor a week, perhaps, or a year—-and then what remorse of conscience, what grief, what shame for me when the great Judge should ask me what 1 had done with the treasure of faith which he entrusted me ! Life with its joys and sorrows is short and eternity so long. ” They stood again in the open square before Hie chapel ; a carriage was waiting. “That is my carriage,” said the prince. “Only a word, Lodoiska, and we enter it together. 1 would tell my mother, my sisters, 1 would tell everyone that 1 have found my wife. Oli, Lodoiska ! one word. My life is so s< litary, our Natalie pines ; she is weak and delicate like a Dower deprived of the light of the sun.’ lie held out the photograph of a charming child’s iiead. “ (live it me, give it me,” begged Lodoiska, and before he could prevent it site had torn the picture prom his hand and was covering it with k isses. “ 1 would give her to you in reality if you would only abjure a form. Lodoiska, now or never. Kcmember that in the eyes of the world I am free, that my mother incessantly urges me to marry a wealthy prince’s daughter. Do not drive me to extremities. Imagine to your self a stop-mother-” “Ob, < asimir! anything hut that. If you knew what 1 suffered yesterday when I saw you enter the chapel yesterday with a lady < m you r arm ” “And that may become a reality; Olga I ‘an lor,ana, who was intended for me from my youth, is here. Think what a sin 1 should commit in your eyes ; think what a life may be the lot, of Natalie. Lodoiska, we must part. Decide.” Louise; remained standing with her hands before; heir oye;s. The struggle was harel ; much haveler than some years ago, when she still had a loving father and did not; yet know the paiu of separation. A ceremony would change it all ; a declaration in which her heart would have no voice. “ Your duty as wife and mother,” soumleel in seducing tones from the elepths of her soul. “ Your duty as a Christian, which you owed before yon had any either duties,” replied another soft voice. “ What does it profit yem if you gain the whole world anel lose yemr own soul ? If you deny him before mem He will eleny you before your heavenly Lathe;!’. ” “Farewell, Casimir,” .she said almost in* audibly. “I will do my duty, and then at least my conscience will be at peace. Do what you think good ; blit remember that (lud will also require an account of the wife and daughter entrusted to you.” “ Yon refuse then ?” A sudden fit of anger overcame him ; the veins of his forehead swelled, bis eyes shot fire, and madness seemed to destroy his reason. All the half- barbarous sentiments which .still continue to slumber in the heart of a civilized Russian awoke within him. lie pushed her from him as he had yesterday driven one of Ids servants, and without easting a look towards the unhappy woman, who lay senseless on the steps of the chapel, he hastened to his carriage, and was driven to his hotel. .Beside himself with anger, he shut himself in his room, and threw himself raging on the iloor, like a wounded hoar. His servant, who knew his master, and was accustomed to his fearful outbreaks of his anger, entered the ante-mom and went on quietly with his cus tomary ■work. There was a knock at the door. He opened it. It was the old princess. “ flood heavens ! ” she. exclaimed in alarm, “ what is the matter ?” “ Oh, your highness, the prince lias seem ingly lost a good deal at play.” “ Lost at play, ('asimir?'’ she said gently. “ What have you lost?” “ Mother,” lie cried, breaking forth ; “ it is you who are the cause of all my misfortunes.” “ Oh, child, what a speech ! ” “ I shall never again see Lodoiska ; we have parted for ever ; hut I shall not carry out your plans. By your counsels you have sentenced me to a solitary and sorrowful life ; he it so. 1 know how to bear my lot, but then our race will perish, our name disappear from the pages of history.” As the Baron and Baroness Ton Berglie, on their way home drove past the (1 reek chapel, they saw a, black figure lying on the steps. “ Let us stop, my dear husband,'’ said the baroness. “ \\\ ho knows what unfortunate creature may be wanting our help.' The carriage stopped. Obedient as usual, Ten Berglie alighted from the carriage and ap proached the steps. “ Oh,” lie cried in amaze ment, “ it is Louise ! The next moment In’s wife stood by his side. “ Louise ! how comes she here? She has not been quite well for the last few days, and must have had a sudden seizure. Oil, gracious ! she is bleeding, she has a wound on her forehead. Louise, look at me. Listen whether she breathes. ()li then, she is not dead.” “ (food lady, pardon > ” she whispered, as she opened her eyes ; “ the l)cti/tirl<i “ Oh, never mind the unfortunate Dm! aria.. How came you to fall ? " “ T do not know ; a giddiness.” “ 'That must have been the ease. Ten Berube, give, her your arm ; I will support her on this side.” “ Into the carriage ? Ob, no—-not into the carriage,’’ she cried suddenly with great emo tion. “ What is the matter with you, child 'i It is our carriage. ( 'onto along.” “ Oh, madam, 1 am quite confused ; do not take it amiss.” The hamuess only half understood her ; she could only comprehend that Louise had had a nervous attaek, and had fallen against the steps. A secret dread now seized her. Would Louise he often subject to these attacks? If so, she would be compelled to dismiss her. Such things were contagions. Arrived at the villa, Louise Mas taken every care of. A sharp attaek of fever brought on delirium during the night, and she often uttered the names ('asimir and Natalie, and cried out both in Russian and Polish, neither of which languages were understood. She re mained for some days seriously ill ; the wound in tiie forehead, increased her illness, and there was reason l > fear that it would always leave, a scar. To Madame Ten Berghe’s urgent inquiries the doctor roplied that Madame Louise bad a healthy cousl.it ution, but that some very excit ing neus must have reached her to cause those delirious phantasms. ys thought that there must be id.” said. Madame 'Fen Berglie. doubt has secrets, but what are mile, is so innocent, Ifer eyes are of a, dove. Would it be possible “ I have, ; Somethin's I “ 'Idle child they ? 1! as soft as 1 ii to distrust 1 As soon a be able to m the baroness “ The do died i Louisie had so far recovered as to >y a little fresh air in the verandah, logan to question her diligently, or is quite right, dear madam,'’ she replied readily, “1 have had a hard struggle to go through. I was very near leaving you, but now it is over, and I shall remain.” “ And is it true, as I was told, that you were met near the ( Reek chapel by a gentleman ?” “ Yes, it i.s true,'’ “ No doubt lie made you an oiler? A Role ?” “ No, a Russian.'’ “And have you refused him ? 1 V i; i ■ m i >i ,i e< Ills fluid hhr pale face of licr n so altered 1 iy his treatment will eonie be mu. lid soon left the waiting-room. (Ii mother who was very short sighted, look' lu'oiiml hut did not I'm>gni/.e Louise, Imt, as the.,in;oi'.s were moving a .way her laee manth cargld in Die smiide dress of lior d;uigh\r-in-law. I hen tiic two women looked at eac)j,(her .nnl Louise Lowed. “ I Vi nee.s.s," .she wlitpirn.d “ 1.he destiny of my eliild is in your lulds. I know your [dans, hut I shall one day csA-oii i> aeeonnt for her lata'," And she was Iosl\„ th erowd. rl lie or lad'.stared at 11< j as ii she had seen a ghost. \ ] la uateliini' a] iproaelual and olTered his niotllr Is arm. She trembled and felt troubled ty r npersl Itiuus fear. In a iownnutes the train rolled away. ( To h< ronCn)iii'tl.) 