.Brevities. By AHQUS: A chiefs amang ye lakin' notes Ami, faith, her}] prent 'em. Well handled—The pump. Paid iu their own coin—-Monarchs. Parrot-talk—Polly-syllables, Undertakers are a grave people. Where to go when short of money—Work. Paris possesses 24 theatres and J00 cafe concerts. Slack times, as the piece of lime said to the water. The Americans call their torpedo* boats "Davids." The mathematician among reptiles ia supposed to be the adder. A weather prophet says:—"Perspiration never rains, it simply pores." The salt tax in India is 18 times tbe cost price of salt in Cheshire. If a Christian woman changed her sex, sha would be a he(a)then. The nnmber of cattle annually slaughtered in the United States is 7,500,000. The bitter taste of cucumbers is due to their immoderately slow growth. Dwellers on dangerous coasts have many strange wreck-collections. Berlin, with a population of 1,000,000 seals, possesses 7,200 public-houses and cqfti. It does not follow that because he is able to lie, he is liable to do so. The ringing of the Curfew bell has been resumed at Stratford-on-Avon. Lord Harris has resigned the secretaryship of Kent County Cricket Club. A new Bporting'paper, called The Squire, is announced in England. The American State most, adapted for bar latest fashionable game is Tenniss-see. An in emational potato exhibi ion has jest been held at the Crystal Palace, London. Francisco Rizzoli has bequeathed 6,000,000 francs for hospital purposes at Bologna, There are 54 reformatory schools in Kn^aml, and 12 in Scotland. The income of the native peasantry in India averages £2 a year. Left-handed people have the left foot a third of an inch longer than the right. In Japan a law requires fish to be sold alive ; they are peddled in tanks. It takes a Japanese girl 13 hours to dresff 'for a party. It is reported that a lady at the box office of a theatre applied for " preserved seats for two." A domestic remedy for sore throat is sage, used as a gargle, with honey, alum, or any any astringent. Two officers in India have killed an alligator 21$ feet loag. m This show? to what lengths alligators will sometimes go ! Why is the discovery of the North Pole like an- illicit whisky manufactory! Because it's a secret still. The Theatre Francais has celebrated the second centenary of its creation by a series of literary festivals. Messrs. Sampson, Low, &. Co. will shortly publish " The Life of Her Majesty the Queen," by Mrs. Oliphant. A book has just been published in 'England, enStled "The Women who Kill, and the Women who Vote." " I gave him a good start," as the ghost said, when he had frightened the little boy. An old lady, on seeing a very small coffin, said, " Is it possible that that could be intended for any living creature ¥' A man being tormented by corns kicked his foot through a window, and the pane was gone instantly. A country paper speaks of a man fatally injured while attempting to commit suicide. Sherry is improved by being decanted not less than two hours before it is required for use. " Debt," remarks Josh Billings, " iz a trap which a mail sets and baits himself, and then deliberately gets intu." A Hindostauee work on music says that " music is the painfully acquired art of speaking very loud in a shrill voice." Woujen are less sensitive to the yellow fever than men in the Southern States of America. The most afflicted part of the house' is the window, it is always full of. panes, anl who has not seen more than oue vijdow blind ? The Venetians have a superstition that if a stranger dies at a hoteL the number of his room will be lucky in the next lottery. Schlafgewohl, who speaks the English " lengvidge," says that any German will tell yon that "it is not good for any man to be beer alone." Ink stains in cotten or linen can often be removed by washing iu salt and wsXer. \- This should be done before the fabric ia washed with soap. The principality of Bulgaria con prises 23,000 miles, with a population ot 1,700,tOO Eouls, of whom 40 per cent, are Mohammedans. The success of Mdle. Sarah Bernhardt at Lyons was wonderful; the receipts of four performances amounted to 45,003 francs. Mental activity will at once raise the temperature of the head, and merely to excite the attention has the same effect in a less degree. A lady in new York recently wore a train 20 fi- et lonj, so that when she was. on tbe first landing the cad of the tail was on the bottom stair. At a Scotch church recently the collection amounted to 8£d. "Wot;is me," groaned the minister, " lor I gave saxpence myself !" A young man in Nebraska sent an offer of marriage to a girl whom he fancied, and in reply received *' -1 egram—"Com® on with your minister." - In Paris a certain M. Kenard announces him* self as "a public scribe who digests accounts, explains the lan-mage of flowers, and sells fried potatoes." The other day as two friends were talking together in the street, a donkey began to bray and wheeze and cough in a dreadful manner. " What a cold that donkey has!" said one of the men. "And, by the way, that puts me in \- niind-r-how is your cough ?" 