, ? T H E 5 OI/Á R B N;0 E E U E O TI O N., MK. JOHN SEE'S MEETINGS. SoUTHOATK. ' v ? A CROWDED meeting, of,tho supporters of Mi . John Seo.was held nt Arnold's Hotel,'South . gute, on Monthly.night lust. . E. \V.,S¿ Hayley Esq., J.P.i1 in tho cliair. , > ' The candidato having fully oxplainod Iii views, .. .. ? . ,., .... r-.. It was proposed by- Mr.: GKOKUK FINLAY ... seconded by Mr. F. BELFIELD, mid cnirict non. con., that Mr. Seo deserves tho ontiii confidence of this .part- of. tho nlcctornte, am pledges itself to uso every exertion to secun ? Iiis return. SOUTH GUAITO.N. Pursuant to announcement, Mr Seo addressee the-electors in tho hall of tho Scho»l of Arts South Grafton,, on Tuesday - evening lust, a '¿ \\).m. Considering tlio slioi'tncss of the notice, mu the unusual hour, there was. a very fair at tendance, ther« being botween 70 and 8( electors prosont. Mr. Alderman BKATSO.V was voted to tin chair, and said ho took it nt thc sumo timi without asserting himself a supporter of Mr Sec until ho had made himself acquaints with that 'gentleman's opinions on vnrioui questions. Mr. Sun wns well received ; and a niotioi that he was a iit-person to represent tho cleo torute, moved by Mr. D. O'BlUK.v, and secon detl by Mr. T. J. M'KITTUICK, was enrriet without dissent. Several questions addressed to Mr. Sw were satisfactorily answered, and thc meeting terminated with ti vote of thanks to th» chairman. GltAl'TO.V. The largest public meeting that over nssemblci within tho walls of a building attended on Tuesday evening to hear Mr John Seo address the electors in Attwater's building, Mnrkol Reserve. Tlio spacious room was crammed throughout,' and it is estimated there wore fully 700 people presont. On tlio motion of Mr. H.- MAUKIOI;; Mr. Horace Dean was voted to tho chair. The CHAIRMAN said ho was very unexpec- tedly called upon to presido over what he could very fitly term tho largest and most important meeting ever held in Grafton. Ht conceived it to bo tho duty of overy good citizen when called upon by thc voice of his fellow-townsmen to presido over any meeting convened for such a purpose ns they were us seuibled there that evening. They were mot to hoar tile political views of a candidate for their suffrages ; and, from what he knew of Grafton and similar meetings, they would give ... that gentleman a fair and impartial hearing. Mr. Seo was a gentleman who hold a high position, and it wau an honour to the district to have such a ono offering himsolf for tlioir suflinges. Ho lind known Mr. Seo for a num- ber of years personally, and ho had known him longer by repute; and it was not possible for them'to lmvo a gontleman moro respected than Mr. See. They had not como to tho meeting that evening to pledge themselves to voto for him, but to hear an exposition of his views, and, upon that, dotennino how they should ?vote. Of this they could nil bo satisfied,-if Mr See went from hero ns our member, no ono who ever visited the gallery of the House need bo ashamed to point out our member, and say that is the member for tho Clarence, lt was ' not his business that oveniug to muko an election speech ; ho might on some subsequent occasion make ono on his own account, (A voice : Hear, hear.) If Mr. Seo -was silunt upon any question, they would have an oppor- tunity, nt tho conclusion of his address, to ask any questions they choose. He hoped tho boys of tho town would bo silent, and behave themselves respectably. They hud all come there as sober citizens upon a most important matter, and it became them to treat it in a manner befitting its importance. If their opinions »greed with his, they could go to tho bnllot box and record their vote for him ; mid if on tho other hand, after hearing Mr. See, , they preferred another candidate, thoy could give tlioir vote thc other way. Ho would say nothing whatever against tho other candidates, but would now introduce Mr. Sro to them. (Applause.) Mr. SKI:, on coining forward, was received with long and loud applause. Ho said : Mr. Chairman and fellow-electors, I have to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for tho kind remarks in which you have introduced mc, and for tho nimmer in which you, gentlemen, lmvo listened to and received thom, lt was well worth the trip to the Clarence to hear such expressions of good opinion, and to receive such a hearty welcome. Ho felt, Uko many other Australians nuder similar circumstances, that, ho did not deservo half the good things that were said of him. Ho felt tho compliment all tho greater to be spokon of in tho way hu lind boon by II gentleman of tho position of their esteemed chairman. Ono of tho lirst things ho hud to say was of tho various opinions held by people as to the qualifications necessary for their mem- ber. Somo required a local mau for their choice, others attached tho moat importance to great attainments ns tho desideratum required in their member, while moro thought tho principal thing was that ho should livo in Sydney. Ho could claim to bo a local mau, in that he was n freeholder, with his mime upon their roll, and entitled to vote, and with largo interests, which lind existed for years, bound up in tho pros- perity of this district, He did not know of any candidato who could say more, and all things being equal he thought ho had as good a right to tlioir suffrages ns any other candidate. (Applause.) If elected ho would not go in ns the supporter of any particular Government, lie would not bo a hanger on of any Ministry, or be bound down to support any set of mon, but would support whntover was for tho welfare of the colony at large, irrespectivo of party. (Applause) Governments wcro likoindividuuls, they often failed in their promises ; and ho would claim as his right to withdraw his sup- port whenovor ho thought any Government ?weie unworthy of lu's vote. Ho would bo nil the freer in this, us ho had no ambition to be- come a Minister of the Crown, having othor matters connected with his own business to bo attended to, which were of fur greater moment to him. Ho had mudo tho acquaintance of this district 18 yours ago, when ho was quito a youth. Ho had spent a good many years of Iiis lifo boro, and ho know its requirements. Ile was acquainted with most of tho influen- tial political mon of tho day, as woll as tho leading mon of Sydnoy, and ho could thus claim that ho was fairly entitled to ropresent this district in tho Parliament, of tho colony. A stranger going to Sydnoy had a grout deal I to loam ; ho had first to becomo acquainted j with mc'iiibei's anti men of jioaition hoforo hi could : do anything, and milena he did so lu would find ho got tho cold shoulder, and wonk bo ont in thc cold. " His influonco already es tiiblisheil would enable him as their lneinboi to obtain anything that was fair and reasonable Ho trusted,- in selecting tho man of tlioir choice they1 would! weigh all tho circumstances of theil 'several'qualifications.'", Ho would ,sny nothing whatever,, against other people. , Unless lu could go ¡non his own merits ho would piofei that he should'not bo returned on tho demerit) bf other candidates. Ho lind read tho addrcssei of all tho other,candidates and Romo of theil speeches, and they seemed to him to holt pretty milch thc saino principles all through It hud been asserted that as tbero were 8( many ciindidntes on the Clnronco, their Jinin bel's would defeat one another. He was agree able, mid had stated that if a candidato offeree himself,' who would reçoive genornl support, tc retire from thc field. Ho would, under stiel circumstances prefer waiting till another oppor tunity rather than spoil a good cause. H< would be glad to hear that there was snell i candidate before them. (Applause.) He hail held three meetings since his arrival, and if thc expressions of these meetings were worth any- thing he was tho most acceptable candidate yet before the electors of this river. Ho be- lieved that nt- any meeting he could attend or the Clarence he would bo received in a similar manner. (Applause.) Ho thought those de- monstrations were worth 'something, but ho did not expect everyone present that evening to vote for him unless they were satisfied of hü fitness and of the opinions ho held ; if they agreed with these, then ho expected their votes and interest as well. Ho would ask them to give his views a fair consideration, and if they could then conscientiously give him their votes let them do so ; if they could not, then give them to ono whom they deemed moro fitted. The first and most important was tho Electoral question, and it was a great pity that in thin electorate there were two such important rivers pulling in opposite directions. It could not bo expected otherwise when tho}' lind a constitu- ency with upwards of C000 electors and only one member. It was tho largest constituency in the colony except ono represented bj'a singló member, and it WHS impossible and absurd to supiio.se that one member could represent it. lt was fairly entitled to at least five mom hers. The Government lind lately borrowed un amount of .£G,000,000, und it was manifestly unjust that the electors here should have to pay their slutro of tho interest of this loan without participating in any of its benefits, and, so furas hoknesv,not ono fraction of that loan was devoted to this district ; it was a great shame that this part of tho colony had been neglected to tho extent it had. Railways wore being constructed to the south, west, and north by means of borrowed capital, and ho did not blame thc Government- for borrowing money for such a purpose. He thought while they had thc English money market to go to, and were able to get it at -1 or 5 per cent., it was tho best thing they could do. But while thoy were thus using their credit the Clarence un- dertaking of a railway to tho tableland should not have been left out. (Applause.) If tho Clarenco had received its fair share of that loan vote, not only would tho plans and specificat ion of their lino from thc navigable waters of tho Clarence to the tableland have been prepared, but tciiílors would havo been invited. Sooner or litter it must conic, although it has Leen put off from time to time, for tho policy of such a linc is a thoroughly sound one. If elected ho would use his influence with other members to press the claims of this particular lino upon tho consideration of whatever Government lind to deal with it. (Applause.) Tho climate and position of the tableland and country immedi- ately to the west of it were admirably adapted for the growth of wheat, and not only capable of producing sufficient for its own requirements, but could provide largely for export, and thus add to our wealth. England required largo quantities of brendstufl's, and would be a consumer for all we could sparc. To ob- tain this railway they would havo to main- tain their agitation and back up their member by petition after potitiou, giving tho Govern- ment no peuce, and threatening them with something horrible unless your wishes aro com- plied with. (Applause.) Thu Government hud talked of placing on excise duty upon sugar, which would bo a deathblow to this rising in- dustry, and it would bo a most cruel and unjust procedure. If wo could supply the colony with what sugar it required wo saved half n-milliou of money, which romained and circulated in the colony to the advantage of every ono, and the establishment of other industries. If theGovem inent would let it alone it would become one of the greatest of our industries, us was pro voil by tho advance it had mudo in a few years from a series of unsuccessful experiments to that of a profitable speculation. Any attempt to hamper its progress or interfere with it in the manner suggested would receive his most strenuous op- position. (Applause.) Thoy would expect him to say something about tho Stamp Act, over which the two Houses wero at variance On this question ho could say his sympathies wero ontirely with tho Council, and nguinst Sir Henry Parkes. Tho Council simply amended a clause by making its monning plainer than it was before, mid it was sent back to tho Council in high dudgeon in its original form. Ho did not believe in having an Upper House unless they could act indepen- dently, and he believed if tho colony was polled it would lie found that tho pcoplo wero with tho Council and against their own representatives. (Applause). He approved of an elective Upper House, similar in principle to tho South Austra- lian constitution-which provided for the elec- tion of both Houses by tho people-in prefer- ence to our own, where a Government might strengthen its own position by tho appointment of a number of its own nominees. Our consti- tution was established, and it would be a very difficult matter now to alter it in this respect, as any such mensuro would lmvo to puss thc Upper House, and it could scarcoly bo oxpected that chamber would snuff itself out by accopting such a proposal. As Mayor of a suburban municipality, lin knew something in regard to municipal matters. Thoy wero afllictcd with what was popularly turmoil tightness of tho chest, ¡ind they hud occasionally to go to tho Government and get a pill to roliovo them. They were thus enabled to do useful works which they otherwiso would bc unable to do. He would be disposed to favour and work fora permanent endowment of at least 10s, if not pound for pound, on nil rates collected. Mo'st of the municipalities woro in a progressive stato, and required assistance to that extent, and were entitled to it seeing that thoy contained n largo population which did not participate otherwiso in tho direct expenditure of public monoy. In the Constitution of tho colony euell person was ( supposed to enjoy equal privilèges, und the Government should seo that eoch person or community participated fairly in tho apportion- ment of money expended. Ile was entirely opposed to any expenditure of1 public money tor thu purpose of bringing tho railway . from Redfern to tlio Circulur. Quay. . There was already a linc^ tbitho.water iit Darling'IIarbo'ur, and all that was needed was a short'bill- passed to compénsalo tho shareholders ' of Pyrmoiit Bridge, which j would permit of that impediment to tho freo navigation of tho harbour , being removed, and enabling vessels of the largest toimago to go alongside the quay at any time. Tho ..'money thus saved would make tlio rail- way from the Clarence to the tableland. (Ap- plause.) To make that lino from tho present terminus to thu Circular Quay would cost .£2,000,000, and tho people of Sydney did not want it. The Redfern terminus was in thó heart of Sydney, »nd ns the city was already built to tho water's edge of thc harbour, any extension must be in au opposite : direction, which.would bo in tho way of Redfern, which possessed all tho requirements of a central posi- tion. Theie was another very important ques- tion which would have to bo dealt with beforo long-that was immigration. Ho would nay in regard to that matter that he did not believe in bringing out any and every sort of people who could bo picked up, and who'formed tho pauper population of tho large towns. They wanted people introduced who, with ii little means in their possession and with strong arms, would bo able to go into tho interior of tho country and till the splendid land which there awaited them. They did not want tho class who, when thoy landed, went about with their hat in their hands begging for a living, and com plainingthat they had buen misled in thedescrip tion they were told of tho country, because they wero led to beliovo that they could go about the streets and pick iq) gold, or lie undent treo and find their dinner brought to them, lt was estimutcd that every able-bodied working colo- nist was worth to tho country nt least .£50, and wo could not.have too ninny of such. It was not to be expected that our present population of slightly over 750,000 was in any way nde quato for the requirements of the country, and while ho deprecated the introduction of such people as ho had described, he would bo in favour of bringing out a useful class of immi- grants. If wo expected to advance in thc way we were going wo must havo population, and many of our most well-to-do people were immi- grants ol' their descendants. Look at New Zealand foran cxnmplo ot'tho benefits of immi- gration-they now numbered about '100,000 of a population. That colony hus progressed in a most extraordinary mnnncr, although they pos- sessed nono of thc natural aids and facilities that wo enjoyed, and theso had to be provided by artificial means ; still it had progressed in a most unexampled dogreo, and was a wonderful example of what population would do for a country aided by judicious government and good statesmanship. (Applause.) They had boen told by ono of tho candidates that a duty should bo imposed upon maize. Well, if there was ono thing they could touch him upon it was maize. (Laughter.) Ho thought ho ought to know something about that question. It was absurd to say that tho imposition of tiny such duty could ofl'ect tho prico of maize. Thore wero not more than 5000 bags of maize imported to the colony, and tho bulk of this certainly 00 out of every 100 bags-was tran shipped to Mclbourno or other ports ; and it would bo tho thin end of tho wedge for tho pro- tection of a host of othor things. It was well known New South Wales prided itself in being tho most free trade in policy of tiny of the Aus- tralian colonies, and ho thought its rapid growth was duo in a great measure to this. If ho thought there was tho slightest probability of the farmers being injured from this soureo ho would be tho first to try and remedy it. He knew that this colony must over romain as it is at tho present time-tho great producer for tho niaizo consumption of its own mid tho neigh- bouring colonies. In regard to tho importation of oats. Tho matter applied in a somewhat different manner. Tho oats imported wero principally for seed purposes. They were bought by farmers to plant for the purpose of growing hay, and wore taken because the New Zealand article was better und cheaper than they could rniso at homo. To put a duty on oats would bo simply to tax tho farmers them- selves, if not of this then of some other dis- trict. There had been some comments made through tho newspapers in regard to his ad- dress. Ho could say in regard to that matter that it was only ot tho last moment previous to telegraphing that brief address Hint ho had consented to stand for this electorate, The question tlnit ho hud a dilliculty in satisfying his own mind upon to arrive at that conclusion was, whether he was worthy to undertake the onerous position of tlioir representativo, and it was only upon tho urgent solicitation and numerous promises of support convoyed to him that he at length consented. Although politi- cal capital might bo iimdooiit of it, ho now said ho could not neglect his business simply for tho sake of being their meinbor. Ho had a busi- ness which required his personal attention, and it would have his first claim, and all right-think- ing people would givo him credit for tho avowal and for acting up to it. As Parliament did not moot until after 4, and tho formal busi- ness usually occupied until G, he would bo quite able to take up tho Parliamentary duties after the close of business for tho day. Instead of going home, as was his invariable custom, ho would go to tho Parliament house. A gentle- man who had business and resided in Sydnoy could much botter dovoto attention to tho duties of tho office than ono from tho country, who, with nothing else to do, was walking about thc greater part of his timo with his hands in his pockats. Ho hail thought tho matter over care- fully, and if ho lind not come to the conclusion that he could attend to tho duties of their mem- ber ho would not lmvo offered himself. If they considered ho was not fit to perform tho duties they could givo him a back scat, and send him to go und look after his own business ; ho would be perfectly satisfied. (Applause.) If elected, and he felt that, he could not do justice lo them as tlioir member, lie would not ask thom to send him back again nt noxt election. He had nothing to gain by hoing elected, mid tho ques- tion would, nftor that statement, necessarily prosont itself, why then seek election? Ho would answor it by saying that from his inte- rests in tho distriot ho was bound to do what ovor ho could for its wolfaro, and whon ho was solicited to stand ns tlioir mombor ho considered that part of his duty. Ho thanked thom for the largo and influontial meeting which lind given him their nttondanco and attention, and ho would now answor nny questions, as far ns ho was able, that might be put to him. | Mr. Seo rctjuincd lita Beut uniidst great uj> pltiuae, linving been listened to without inter- ruption of any sort, save-what was caused by a number, of seats giving way, und precipitating to the ground the people who overcrowded thom by standing on them to seo us well as hear. A Voice: What about tho education ques- tion;' ' u ,7;;.'. . Mr SEE : That question was jettied' by Par- liament, and needed.'no .reply. (Voices : No it is not. ' That is no answer.1 Yes it is-mid con- fusion.) If it was brought up again he would give it his best consideration, and' deal with it as ho believed best for the colony. ? (Applause mid dissatisfaction,) '.'-,. A voice : What about tho .tramways ? Another voice : What has thal to do with tho Clarence? .'Mr. SEK : Do you wish me to answer that question ? Well 1 will do so. ;1 Tramways cost about one-tenth of what , railways cost, and would pay u handsome return-for thc outlay. It was a question of having one or tho other, and ho was in favour of tho cheaper mode of construction, Some people were afraid that it would do away with tho uso of a large number of horses, and consequently diminish tho con- sumption of nmize. He had no fear of ono or tho other happening. Vehicles would havo to be employed taking people to .tho various ter- mini, and it would bo found that tho construc- tion of these tramways would largely promote settlement, and so add tb the wunt-of convoy unces. It would simply , take < tho convey- ances from certain, localities to provide thom employment elsewhere. A voice : What about payment of mcmbors 1 Mr. SEE : I don't believe in it. (Applause) (Cleaver : Ho can't see that you see-laughter.) Hov. Mr. HOPKINS : Several people sitting in his vicinity did not consider his reply in refer- ence to tho education question definite enough. Thoy wanted to know whether ho was in favour of tho bill or not that was now before tho Council ? . Mr. SEE : I have already replied to that in a former question. (Applause, und cries of "No, you have not"-"yes helios"'-and consider- able disturbance.) : Mr. SEE : What bill are you alluding to? Kev. Mr. HOPKINS : Tho bill that has boon before the Lower House. Mr. SEE : I maintain that that bill is, to all intents and purposes, already dealt with, and it is considered so throughout tho country. . Ho did not wish to make his election u means of reviving tho angry feeling which had been aroused throughout tho country by that mea- sure. (Applause.) (A voice : Dravo 1 Jack.) Yes, Jack was his name. Ho Would rather go back to Sydnoy without election than sacrifico hisprinciples. He was not going into Parliament under a cloud, and the}' could, if they choose, give him tho bnck seat. If this Education Question was to be dragged inhere, with all its animosities, and to bo mado tho test question of this election, let him go, and by all means, and let them got meu who would gratify their wishes. . (Applause.) Eov. W. G. R. STEPIUNSOX : Ho thought Mr. Seo had not yet answered what was a plain question. Something might arise, some con- tingency, which would send the bill back to tho Assembly. It was a question of whether Mr. See was favourable to the public or denomi- national system of schools ? (Applause.) Mr. SEE : I cannot pledge myself about tiny contingency, and all I can say is, if this Educa- tion Question is to como before the country again, I will como before you as electors, and then broadly state my views, and if they arc not ac- ceptable to thc majority of tho electors, I will resign my scat. (Applause, Voices : That will not do,-wo must have an answer.) Air. WATERHOUSE : Tho question has not been answered. AVill you vote for public or denominational schools ? Mr. SEE : I have given the only answer I can give. After a brief interval, Mr L. JACOIIS caaic forward and said ho had much plciisuro in ap- pearing before them-as a supporter of Mr See. Ho knew him ns a boy, and ho knew him as a successful man, who had risen by his own in- domitable energy. He possessed all tho quali- fications essential to make him a useful mem- ber. Ho proposed Mr See as a lit and proper person to represent Tho Clarence in Parliament, mid he hoped they would como forward to a man and vote for him. (Applause) Mr RODERT ARCHER seconded tho resolution. Mr W. ATTWATER carno on to tho platform, and was received with varied demonstrations lasting for some time, when ho eventually got a hearing. He said soino evenings ago at a public meeting ho hud mudo use of an expres- sion that Mr Seo was only tho ghost of a can- didate, but thoy now had heard him and seen him in tho flesh. What he had said on tho occasion he alluded to was in a philanthropic spirit. (Groat shouting, jeering, and hooting.) They had now heard his views on Dcuoiiiiiin tionulism anti all tho other schisms. (A voice : You aro only making bud worse ; and derisive shouting.) He hoped they would now support Mr John Seo. Mr. H. MAURICE said ho would like to claim tho privilego of adding a few words. (A voice: Cut it very short then.) Ho intended saying only a very words if they would listen. (A voico : I did not think you were alive ot all,) Tliey would find out directly that he was alive (A voice : Yes, to your own intorests. Laughter.) lie thought Mr. See had discussed tho political questions treated by him very ably ; but his native modesty had prevonted him saying anything of himself or his own qualifications. Ho had known Mr, See for a number of yours, during which timo ho hud raised himself to tho position of a Justice of tho Penco and Mayor of Randwick. He lind left fanning-(A voice : A gooil job, too)-und had acted for thom as their agent, and a good ono too. (A voico : Fawcett is moro dead than nlive) Ho heard sonic ono mention tho namo of Mr. Fawcett. (A voice : Lot Fawcett alone.) Wo wanted a man for tho position of our representative who could represent us ably, and if Mr. Fawcett was fit, although ho was a Richmond man, ho would vote foi him. (A voico : Ho is not hore-let him alone.) All honour was duo to Mr. Page for retiring in tho manner ho had done. There was another candidate, Mr. S. G. Davison, who wns not competent to sit. (Disapprobation. Aroiccs : Let other candidates alono.) Ho did not wish to say anything against Mr. Davison, only that ho was a contractor to supply forago to tho Government, and could not sit if he was elected. Mr. John Suthorland had to resign his seat for tho sumo renson. Mr. IT.Knr.iiiY, in answor to ninny calls, wont on tho platform, and was received with a storm of shouting, during which it was im- possible to hoar anything tlint was said. He said, as only ono porson could bo elected, it Avas useless them nil contesting tho election, i and Lo bad decided to follow-the course adop- ted by Mr. Page, and retire from tho contest. He hud asked Mr. See to adopt his programme,: and that gentleman had refused flatly to do so. He said ho had adopted the principio'of not deviating from the course .laid out, und ho commended him for'it.:; Ho .would now retire, and ask: them to voto for Mr. John Seo, who, ho thought^'was' tho : best ''mail l in tho' field. (Applause.)! .' The CHAIRMAN* then put tho motion to tho mooting, and declared it curried. (Mr Jacobs : By a " sea " of hands.)' A largo number .of thoso voting held their hands up tho whole time shouting, "See, See." Thoso who apparently disagreed with Mr See's answers upon tho Education Question mostly refrained from holding up their hands ono way or the other. Mr. SEK roturned thanks for tho expression of confidence conveyed by their vote. Whether thc result of tho election was in his favour or not, lie would always do what ho could foi' tho Claretico and Richmond elector. In regard to the Education Question, which had been intro- duced, ho had some idea why it was brought forward at this meeting. He had made up his mind, generally, to make no specific pro- mises, and would maleo nono in regard to that tpiestion. If it wus to be revived again and again, after it was accepted as settled, thora would bu no end to party ill-feeling. Rather than ho should bc made tho cause of strife and discord, he would givo np all hope of ever being their member. It had been said that tho Richmond River candidate would bo voted for to a man, and ho did not sob why somewhat similar feelings should not actuate tho electors here. (Applause.) He proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairinau for his able and impar- tial services in tho chair. This was curried by acclamation, and acknowledged. On the call of Mi' See, three cheers were then given fur her Majesty tho Queen ; three moro were then given for Mr. Seo, and the meeting dispersed. 