[?] SUPERSTITIONS ABOUT DOGS. Aocobdinq to tbe Aryan religion, Yama was tho first lightning-born mortal who die oovered tbo way to tho other world, where be has reigned ever sinoe, and lor the Bake of men, sends the wind, nnder the lorm of a dog, to oonduot thoir Bonis in death Roroea the heavenly waters and over tho Milky Way to his home — tbe bright realm of bliss. Honoo, : whenever this:moBBonger ol death was heard, either howling outside tho Biok man's .houfio or speeding along through the air. with rapid paoe, tho inmatos trembled for they knew tbat at any momont the soul of tbeir friond or relative might be required of bim. Thtia, even at the present day, the bowling of a dog under the window is supposed to foretell death— a superstition deeply rooted every where ia this as , in moBt other ooiintriee. In Germany, a dog bowling before a bouse portends a death or a fire. Hit bowls along the highway, this is ooh'sideredin Westphalia as a cortain token tbat a funeral will, soon paBS by that way. The game notion, too, exists in Denmark. An intelligent Londoner told Mr. Kelly that bo bad often liatoned to the howling ,o{ the dog, and .verified tho ful filment- pi tliii infallible omen. . Tbe dog's mode, of proceeding' on . suoh ocoasiopa ..is generally tliis Tho animal tries to got under . tho doomeciyperaon'a window ; but if the bouse, stands within an enclosure, and it cannot find its way in, it will run round the premises or puoe up and , down before them. II it at last suooeedg in making, nil mtry, it will stop under the window, howl horribly! finish with three tremendous barks, and tliea hurry away. . This performance ia jaeoribed by some to the clog's keen seuso of the odour of appranching mortaldissolution : whereas, others .affirm that this animal can see the spirits which hover around tho house of .sickness ready at the moment of death to bear away the soul of tho departed ono. Thus, in the ' Odyssey,' tho dogs of Etimreus are represented as terrified at the sight of Minerva, although sho was .then invisiblo to -Luiuuiuuuuu. ±u oom u ITIIKIU and Aryan mythology tho dog is said to see ghosts ; und . whenever Heln, tho Goddess of Death, walks abroad invisiblo to hnmun eyes, she is seen . by dogs. . In 'Wales it is thought.that horses . have also the gift of seoing spectres. Carriago horses have been known, says . ITr. Slices, to : display every sigh-of tho. utmost terr.or, when the ooeupants of tbo carriage could see no cduso for fright. Such an occurrence is said to bo highly ominous, and to portend that 1 a funeral will soon pass by that way, bear- I . ing to his] resting-place some person not dead at the time of tbe horses' fright. Vory nearly allied to the superstition which recognises a death omen in the howling of a dog is that of _ . the spectro hounds whion are said to be ooeasiunuil- heard and seen in different parts ol England I and Wales. They are generally invisible ; but their fearful yelping, as it is beam pass ing swiftly through the air, resembles tlie fierce and angry note ol the bloodhound. They are Bnpposed to be 'evil spirits huni . ing the eouls ol the dead, or, by their diabolical yelping, to betoken tlie speedy death oi Bome person.' In tbe North they are oalled tbe ' Gabriel bounds.' . . , Mr. Henderson relates, tbat n lew years ago, when a ohild was burned to death at Sheffield, the neighbours immediately oalled to mind how the 'Gabriel hounds' had passed above the house hot long before. He also tells of a : person who was hastily summoned one night to the siok bed of a relative whose illness had Suddenly assumed an alarming oharaoter. . As he set put be heard the wild sound of the . _ creatures above his head ; they accompanied him the whole way, about a mile, then . paused, and yelped loudly over ?. tbe, house; He entered it, and found that tbe patient .Had just. breathed hor last. In,. Lancashire ,, these . speotre hounds are . locally termed Gabriel' Ratchets,' and are supposed to ..foretell death or misfortune .to all who hear . their sonnd.—iVom ' The Bog nnd its Folk . Lore', in the Gentlemen's Magazine. ... 