. JTEMS. OF. NEWS. The tcachors of tho Public schools will be pleased to road our telegram concerning tho proceedings in tho Assembly yesterday, which were, however, rcccivedlong after our sub-leader was ill typo. As it poiuts out several injustices and omissious in tho regu lations, wo have published it, in tho liopo that its weight may be added to that being brought to bear upon tho Minister for Education. Bbfoiie tho crowd had dispersed after tho buggy accident, reported elsewhere, a wag gonette, driven by a young man, was so carelessly driven as to run into another bugay which was standing outside tho Com mercial Hotol. Had not tho horso iu the latter been a very quiet one, sotno sorious accident must have occurred, as tho crowd of people were standing near and all round tho buggy, on the pavement, and in the street. So careless a driver should bo prohibited from again driving. It is well nigh time some licensing law were introduced whereby only good and well-known careful drivers should be permitted to drive conveyances plying for hire iu tho streets of the municipality. It is customary during tho winter months to have a firo burning in tho reading-room of the Mechanics' Institute. Up to tho present wo understand that no fire has been lit during this season. No doubt many more subscribers would use llio room woro it warmed in tho usual way, and no doubt, now tho attention of tho committee has been called to tho fact, tho necessary calorie will be generated. From an announcement which appears in our business columns it will be scon that Hudson's Surprise Party will open ot tho Masonic Hall to-morrow night. Tho accounts which have reached us through tho columns of tho provinoial Press are very llattoring to tho company, so that no doubt thcro is a trcnt in gtoro for thoso who will patronise tho entertainments giron in this town. We have to acknowledge tho receipt of tho new magazine and roview known as tho Pacific Weekly, published for tho first timo on Satur day last in Sydney. It is very creditably priutcd, and tho editorial inattor is good. No doubt ib will supply a want long felt, nioro cspccially as tho country districts have neoded for somo time past a well-written weekly journal containing articles on tho principal subjects which engross tho public mind. It opens with well- written, concise articles, undor tho heading of "Notes of tho Week," which give a fair knowledge of what has transpired in metropolitan and other circles during tho former seven days. u Topics of tho Day " are well worth perusal, as they nITord different viows of different subjects. "Club Gossip," by Cain, will no doubt improve as his knowledge of where to got his information increases. Tho Review promises a series of articlos on colonial colebritios, and opens with one about Sir Henry Parses, whiuh should please tho worthy knight and his supporters, though it displenso bis oppononts. Literature and art lmvo columns specially set aside, in which they may bo roviowed, and a talo— "Under tho Changing Sky"—written ex pressly for tho Pacific }Vcek>ift gives tho finish to this well got up periodical. Tlioro is one fault, and that is to bo found iu tho folding. Could not tho proprietors publish it as is published tho Quccnalamler, with leaves out and pages sewn or pasted togother. Taken altogether tho now journal is ercditablo alike to its producers and the colony. We learn that tho Catholic community of Wagga Wagga contemplate giving a concort shortly in aid of tho church funds. It is said that several professional and amateur vocalists of Sydney will give their assistnoco on tho oocueion, We aro informed that Mrs. Simpson, of tlio Viaduct Hotel, Nowtown, hns com menced an actian against Messrs. Amos IJros., fur quarrying stone from hor leased lands without permission. Iff nccordanco with tho usual dilatoriucss of the Railway IXpuvtmimt, an advertise ment appears in our columns to day setting forth that tiekcts at excursion rates will he issued at all stations to all stations for distances over 80 miles, on Friday (to raorrow) and Saturday next, available for return for ono week. Why canuot the rail way authorities, by advertising earlier, giro better notice to those who wish to avail themselves of tho generous offers o£ tho Department ? The Koad Superintendent, Mr. Moldrnm, calls for tenders for forming and metalling tho approach to the railway station,iNhran dera. Full particulars can bo seeu on refer ence to advertisement. By an announcement in: our advorlUiug columns it will bo seen that ill. St, Loon's favourite circus will perform in tluV town ,011 ( the nights of Saturday and Monday next, i M. St. Loon always brings something now,' and having just completed a successful en gagement in Melbourne of one month, lie is taking his star troupe overlauil to Sydney, whoro he will enter upon another long engagement. Everyone knows tho circus is well, north patronising, .and jve feel con vinced our old friend will have no cause for 'complaint at bis audiences. He owned . largo stations.^higher up the Murrumbidgeo than Wagga :.Wagga, and prided himsolf upon, the fact that no one could Jose their way on his runs. He had servants galoro, and huts ,built.fori thom to live in dotted all over the property. Quoth ho to a would-be inspector of somo. of his stock, after describing tho portion wlioreon they.were depasturing, You'll.iind a hut. near there, with two of my employes living in it.. They will t^ivo you overy information, should I or my ovorseer not happen to be present. I pay them liberally for this pur pose." Arrived at the hut, Shcepbuyer called lustily for tho inmates, and was re joiced to see that, true onough, there were two evidently bent upon doing his slightest bidding He was not long, howover, in ascertaining that one was an old mail, as deat as a stono, from whom be could elicit 110 information, and the other was a decrepit Chinaman, who understood no word of English. By means of signs and gestures, lie made the Chinaman understand that he would leave a uoto for the owner, aad re quired some ink. The Chinaman nodded acquiescence, and the penman sat down. Tearing a leaf out of his pocket-book, lie turned to what lio supposed was tho ink bottle, and saw tho Chinaman grinning over his shoulder, evidently impatient for the missivo. The disgust of the sbeepbuyor may be bettor imagined than described, when he found that tho bottle was an old mucilage one, the matter dried up in it, aud the brush stuck, evidently for a long time, to the dirt and filth in tbobottlc, no doubt the accumu lation of ages. Next time lie meets tho lord of the run, he intends to minutely inquire how much he gets a year for rent from these fossils, not what he handsomely pays them. The annual picnic giveu by the parents of the ohildrou attending Mr. l'eutland's school will come off on tho Queen's Birthday, at the playground attached to the school-house, when all tho children and their frioiuls are invited to attend. The hospital committee meeting, which was adjourned on Monday evening last, in cousequenco of tho alarm of fire being given, will bo held on Tuesday evening next, the 25th inst. The following conversation was overheard on Monday night last in close proximity to tho storo of Yet Cliong and Co., which suffored from tho ravages of Are " Horo, Jemmy, I've just prigged two bundles of cigars. Ono for you; pocket 'orn, quick." " Cigars 1" was the responso; '* no you don't; if I'm to run tho risk of being lumbered, I'll clap my thieving irons on something hotter worth tho risk than them things." No doubt ho did, as many articles are said by tho Chinese owner .of tho store to bo missing. : Mb. , Justice Windeybr, in the public chamber, on Tuesday morning, granted loave of appeal to the. plaintiff in the, .case; of Blackburn v. JFlavelle.' '- - 1 Mb.: Daniel>HAKLONi; airesident of Car-, coar district, for over 30 (years, and post inaofcor' ab' J3lggA, " ooraiillttod ' oilicido > oil Sunday by hanging himself. He was' 78 years of age. At the inquest held on Monday, before Mr. J.; 0!Dqdd, ,coroner,.a. verdict of tempo rary insaiiity'was. returned. j • •I Tub Molboumo Daily Telegraph says,:— Sir. Proctor will liardly,"wo suppose, meet his most cordial, welcome in ihcsc parts from the religious denominations. The assumption ■will -be' tacitly7"made Jngain^t^him^tliat ibis' mission is..in no>.'Way, connected with the religious welUbcing'of tho community, and ho will bo left to deal as best us he may with •Mr.'Ntzgibbon for the uso of the Town Hull, or with tho committee:of tho Athonnum For tho fuse of their- largo room; . :Yot.it may fairly be asserted: that'Mr. Prootor's lectures will be of a stamp not in the least unbe fitting the pulpit on* Sunday bvening.,' He is, in truth,1 a lay preacher of a vefy'noblo order. He knows the secrets of tlio boundless universe us few men have evor' known.:therti,' and his, talent for revealing them to< othor minds is unrivalled. Ho can givo .us the- vory latost report from the Sun's' flaming envelope j or tho nowest intelligence from I ho comet wliieh is now away on its tour through infinito space; or tho last accounts from Sirius; or loll us when tho noxt storm showor of meteors may be oxpcctocl; or show us in his magio mirror those complex movements of itlie.'lioavonly bodies which produeo tho occultation of Orion at stated periods; or divulge tho mysteries of tho star-doptln far beyond the Milky Way; or carry us with him, in fancy, round the measureless circuit of tho " flaming walls " of the physical unirorso—tho resulting emotion from tho amazing survey being an indescri bable blending of wonder, awe, delight, and intense intellectual enjoyment. No sermon on tho marvels of tho Almighty power in creation could bo moro powerful; more arresting, more moving. Why then, we: ask again, should tho churchos bo closod against so worthy a ministor of both intellectual and spiritual' progress as Mr. Proctor ? Not to welcome such a ono with open heart and hands is to set s.sido wilfully tho procopt of that Tory religion for whioh no extreme jcolouBy is affected. It is not enough that tho black shoop of other countries are drafted off on our com munity, adding their quota of corruption to a measure already overltowiug, but now (says the Echo) it appears that maniacs are sent to this colony by friends (?) whose ouly anxiety it is to get rid of them. This fact is stated iu tho report just published on the insane. It says : " Tho influx of strangers to tho in stitution still continues," and specially men tions tho case of ono poor old man whoso relatious provided his travelling oxpenses to Sydnoy. A strangor in n strange laud, with out tho light of reaBou to help him on his rugged and desolato way, ho might have perished but for tho kindly shelter of an asylum. It is well all charity is, not so icy cold as that which moved thoso A's to ask tho B'a to liolp C, or no shelter or aid would have been hold out to tho aged lunatic so kindly handed over to our tender morcics. Two of James Burns' vessels, tho Dawn and Azelia, liavo arrived at Normunton, with cargoes consigned to Burns' storo tlioro, from Thursday Island and Sydnoy. A com plimentary ball was given on Thursday night by Mr. Burns' local representative to tho residents of tho town and district, in com memoration of tho purchase of tho entire mercantile and commercial business of tho ( Norman, from Clifton and Apliu, by James Burns. Tho ball was largely attended and was a great success. That Balmain ghost must linvo been a very silly creature to play its pranks by daylight instead of under "thopalo glimpses of tlio moon," and very properly got cauglit for its puins; but who was that " bravest of the bravo " who caught it, or rather, wo should say "lier," in the clussic haunted liouso of Balmain? Was slio young and haudsomo, und really worth catching ? or was she ruther I like those old hags that affect broomstick , equestrianism and change into black cuts and other magical forms when in dungcr of cap ture ? Clearly (6ays a writor in " Zig-Zag Pnpors ") her captor must have held her long enough for recognition, because tho paragraph identifies her as the daughter of a would-tio purchaser of tho liouso eho was haunting. Had it not bcon for this ugly fact wo should liavo suspccted a bit of romunco in the affair —a harmless lover's trick, such as tho blind god is apt to make his votaries play. Now, we givo up that idea, and admit ut once that tho caso is ono of genuine diablerie wliieh calls for the investigation of studmts of that blaok art aud o£ the poliuo. Tub funoral of tho lato Mrs. Gulloy, took place at Casino on Saturday lust, whoriher < remains wero interred in tho Wosleyan por- 1 tion of tho cemotcry. The funeral cortege i was a very largo ono, and included most of - tho townspeople, and many influential and I othor residents from tho country, Tho Rev, f E. King oflicialud, assisted by tho Rev. M. Hurt, Church of England clergyman, and delivered a brief addrcs* at the grave. Dur* ing (he coromony and oddre3s many teari 1 wero shed by those roand tho grave, and tho deepest sympathy was felt for Mr. Gulloy. ' Amongst others at tho funoral was tho Rov. Father Doyle. Ok Saturday last (tho Southern A ryus says) about half'past.2 o'clock in tho afternoon, 'there was visible in Goulbum a largo, wcll dofincd halo surrounding tho sun, similar in appoaranco to tho circle said by some to de.noto wet weather, which occasionally sur rounds tho moon. The day was clear and fine, but there had boon frost tho nijjht pre vious, and a. fog in tho morning. Wo have ndvor before scon a circle around tho sun, but it is possible that a combination of frost, mist, and. lighbat certain periods may.producc atmospheric effects' of this naturo. Noali Webster, in his dictionary, stntes that the halo is caused by tho refraction of .light through crystals of ice in tlio atinosphbro. , On Saturday, just provious to the starting of tho A.S.N. Co's. stcamor Coonanbara from tho wharf at Morpeth, a pleasing and unex pected evont occurred in the presentation to her worthy commander and his officers of a substantial testimonial in tho shape of.a well* filled purse of sovereigns to each of thom, together with a congratulatory letter bearing the signatures of tho subscribers. Tho S. A£. Herald says:—Tho amounts presontcd were —£30 to Capt.uin Adams, £15 to Mr. Royal, tho chief officer, and £10 to Mr. Caldoron, the flccond otfiecr. Tho stockowners and breeders wero tho subscribers to.tho tcstirao nial, and it was given on account of tho safe manner in which tho Exhibition stock had been conveycd by tho Coonanbara without a single accident. Some peculiar disclosures were mado on May M at tho Mcljoumo County Court, in an action brought to recovcr monoy lont. Joseph Domenicom (tho Age reports), a con* tractor, residing in Latrobo-street, sued Mr. A. Weber, a musician, living in Fitzroy, for £49 8s., which plaintiff alleged was due to him some time ago. Dorueniconi and his wife wero both ill, and in order to restore their health sought the sorvices of Mrs. Wobor, who was known to bo a medium, and said to bo successful in restoring delicato people to a better stalo of health. According to this lady's own story sho was mainly assisted in her operations by a skilful spirit, who in the flesh was known as Dr. Elliotsou. At all events tho Douicniconis wero subjected to a long courso of what Ihey wore pleased to term magnetic treatment, and for which they were at tho timo grateful, advancing, so they alleged, to tho Webers, various sums of monoy, exceeding alt ogether £50. Tho com bined efforts, however, of the deceased doctor and of Mrs. Weber failed to produce any satisfactory result, and tho spirit treatment was at length given up. During tho samo period*a horso of the plaintiff's becamo ill, and it wus resolved to submit the animal to tho samo magnetic treatment. Dr. Elliotson*s assistance was called in ; bub that learned inhabitant of tho spirit indignantly informed tho medium that ho was no veterinary sur geon, but would send another spirit who was. Tho spirit carao, but tho horso was nob cured, a circumsfcanco which tho medium said was due to tho fact that the esteemed doctor's substitute was an evil one. Tho Domeniconis now wanted to recover the money which they gave to tho defendant. Tho answer of tho defendant was that ho had only rocoivod £17 10s., and this had beon literally forced upon him by the plaintiff. Judge Cope hold that tho monoy was given for tho benefits which tho plaintiffs considered they wero receiving, and he'therefore nonsuited thom. "Will Honeycomb1' writing to the Dubbo Dispatch says ;—Rattletrap—an offi cial connected with tho groat Circumlocution office—was down South not long «go. tie was engaged iu cerfcaiu business of great moment to pastoral.tcuants and;tho State. : At tho head-station of Merino—who owns ' flocks innumerable and has'au overdraft to match—he espied as prefcty~a; pair of ponies as ever trotted away with a; lady's,basket carriage. 44 By Jove, Merino, old ' man, they're a stylish pair; never saw anything better, — regularly thrown away/ here,;— would suit rae in town." . But Meriuo didn't take tho hint: At night, ovor tho toddy, • Uattletrap again rovevted to. cho ponies, but Merino seemed to have "a deiif ear.' Next day, when he was leaving^ Rattletrap called 1 Merino aside, and in a very stately way in- ! 'troduced.the subject of the ponies... With a ; -confidential,sort of ;shako of the (hoad he ; said,You'd bettor .' let mo have these ; ponies.'!. Merino finding things .were gettiug unsettled, .replied, "Thoy'rq favourites, old fellow. I wouldn't part with thom for £50." 44 Ah," said Rattletrap, 44 that's it,—-not ; part with them for £50. Well, never mind, I givo me a cheque for £25, and I'll say nothing ! about it." And history says a cheque of that denomination was subsequently seen in tho hands of one of Rattletrap's friends. A Dubbo paper says that tho cemetery thorois a " rogular camping ground for vagrant cattle," and that " tho grave of tho •late Sergeant Wallings had a bullock bogged in it during tho lato rains." Horriblo!—and yet Dubbo claims to be such a model of pro 'priety in most matters. Thank goodness (says the Forbes Times), if wo haven't all the. Macquarie township claims to havo, wo can ab least boast of a God's acre, which is sereoned from such unholy intrusions. Says the Federal Standard:—"On Wed nesday tho whisper went about that the Kellys had been recognised, and wero within four miles of Chilteru, and tho police and bank people were cujoined to be ou tho look out. Towards evening polico from other neighbourhoods came to tho town. The scare arose from the fact that a camp of four honey-seekers had encamped at tho Barara bogie, and their appearance had led some passer-by to boliovo that they wero the veritable Kellys." The Wimmcra Star states that the Jung Jung Farmers' Union intend grappling with the "what will we do with our wheat?" question in tho coming season in a very sensible manner. A prospectus has been issued of a storago company, under tho aus pices of tho union, with a capital of £1000, consisting of 1000 shares at £1 oaoh. The capital is to bo expended in erecting a largo grain store contiguous to tho railway station to admit of a branch lino running from tho station into the store, which will facilitate tho loading of trucks, and reduco tho prico of 44 handling" tho wheat to a minimum. Each share represents a certain amount of storage room. Sixteen shares ontitlo the holder to storage room for 500 bags. At the rato usually charged for storing wheat, ono farthing per. bushel per month, it is cal culated that tho grain storo would return tho amount expended iu its erection in one season, and it would bo even then a clear saving of the rccciving, weighing, aud de liyetiug charges. Tho iloating of tho com* pany is in good hands, and tho shares are moving off freely. An important municipal decision was ' arrived at on Monday morning, on tho hearing ■ of the Wiekhain appeals. The Newcastle Gas I Company was rated for 13 lamps within tho municipality, but tho Bench decided that the property assessed did not como undor: tho 163rd and lG4th sections either as tenements or horeditamonte, and struck out tho rato. Mr. Chief Justice Lii/lkv laid tho foundation-stone of tho now Foresters' Half at Fortitudo Valley, Queensland, oil Satur day. Ho warmly supported tho principle of this socioty, and promised always to remain a frieud of tho industrial classes, as in the past; and said that uo position ho hold now or hereafter would prevent his coming to their aid. Ho had placed iu their hands the means of equalizing fortuue, aud with intelli gence and sound education based ou it tho people had the power of placing themselves beyond reach of suffering and political wrong. Uo denied that a Judge Bhould bo debarred from tho uttoranco of political opinions ; hut ho was bound to abstain from tho heat and strife of party politics. Tho mail, however, who, whatever his position, would see injustice done and uot try to redress it, was a coward ; and not only should tho injuBtico bo redressed, but the oppressor scourged, Onb night tho electors of Ordsall, near Retford, met to hear addresses from sovonvl gentlomon on behalf of tho Conservative candidates, but when tho proceedings had just begun some persons succeeded in gutting a quantity of cayenne pepper burnt in the room, and ovory 0110 had to beat a hasty retreat. A STAKFrmnsiniti? journal gives an account of tho marriage of tho Rev. Newman Hall, which took placo recently, tho hrido being Miss ICuife, of London, the lady whom Mr. Hall admitted at tho divorce trial that ho had communicated an intention of marriage, Bubject to tho miccoss of his suit.. Tho Rev. Dr. Allot), of Islington, performed tho cere mony, assisted by Mr. Grainger. Mr. Hall's family was largely represented, aud tho ciders of tho Church were also present, Tho ceremony took place at nn unusually early hour, and tho wedding was in every respect a quiet ouo. It is interesting to traco - tho eourco, certainly French and Spanish, which callcd inLo existence ench different' suit' in a puck of cards. Tho four suits originally symbolised tho (our great divisions of men, in their worldly estute. By tho caur* (hearts) arc meant tho choirmen or cccltHinstics, and thereforo tho Spaniards, early devotees to tho game, have tho capas or cbalicos, instead of hearts, Tho nobility woro represented by tho ends or points of lances or pikes,, whieh the English, in their version, vulgarly supposed to bo spades. Tho Spaniards hero again have espades (swords). Tho merchants show, as 'diamonds,' which were intended to bo square stones, tiles, and other merchandise of that class. Tho peasants and agriculturists lastly figured in the shape of (he Treflo (trefoil leaf or clover-grass); but. how tho English term of ' clubs' became applied is certainly mysterious, unless as imagined, it was borrowed from the Spaniards who havo for this suit bastos (staves or clubs). Tho 4 four kings' purported to bo David, Alexander, Ccosar, and Charles, typifying tho monarchies of tho Jews, Greeks, Romans, and Franks under Charlemagne, and these names .long continued to bo stamped on tho (Trench cards. Tho1 Queens' were Argino (anagram for Regina), Esther Judith, and Pallas, i.*,, royal birth, piety, and wisdom. Tho 'Knaves' I implied attendants on knights, tho old . signification of knave being servant. Tho chronicle runs that tho original Frenoh cards two famous knights of tho timo wero them selves designed." Four hundred fat shoop crossod tho bridgo Inst night, the property of Mr. 6. P. Wilson, of Pomingalarnn, to bo trucked early this morning for Sydney. Messrs. Wilkinson, Graves, Minchin and Lavender, agents. Fifteen thousand wethers (Mr. H. Ricket son, owner) travelling from Neurcmerrimang , near Tumbaruniba, to his Bland statiou, crossed tho bridgo yesterday morning ; Mr. George Boyd in charge. They aro a very nice lot. Mr. R. L. Gray reports having trucked at North Wagga on the 14th, G53 fat wethers ; and on tho 18th, G07 fat wethers, for Messrs. Devlin and Co., Ganmain ; also 50 Inmbs for Mr. M. Devlin, Oakhill, to Messrs, Harrison, Jones and Devlin. Mr. A. J. Stoeckhardt-Wehr, Naramlera, reports tho sale of GOO wothers ou accouut of Mr. John Andrews, of Bcrcinbed, to Messrs, M'Ginnes and Firth, of Darlington Point. The Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Co. (Limited) report to us, under date London, April 6, as follows :—Our last public sales closed with great firmness on the 12th ultimo, and the market since-then has not displayed any great activity. Tho tone has been very good, and there have been a good many inquiries ; but the high prices placed on tho wools by the owners havo precluded any considerablo business from being done. The prospects for our next sales, which will opeu on the 20th instaut, and for the present arrivals amount to about 227,000 bales Australian aud 14,500 bales Capo, aro certainly encouraging. Stocks everywhere are small, whilst consumption is considerable, and tho reports from the manu facturing centres, both iu this country and abroad, are satisfactory. Under ouch cir cumstances, it appears probable that the next auctions will show last sales' prices firmly maintained. It may bo remembered that the sum of £5000 was voted on the Estimates for the year 1879, to bo paid as subsidies to agricul tural societies, pro rata to tho subscriptions received. It appears (says the 3. M. Herald) from a return lately presented to Parliament that forty-seven societies participated in the grant, and the total amouut of subscriptions received by thom reached the sum of £6548 18s, 3d. Tho largest amount paid to any one society was C49G 10s. Sd.. to tho Agri cultural Society of New Sour.h Wales. Tho Deniliquiu Pastoral aud Agricultural Society received £371 la. 7d.j the Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Society re .ouived £220 ISa. lid. No other society re ceived over £200. Tho smallest sum paid was £12 3s. 7d., to the Murrurundi Horti cultural and Agricultural Society, Mr.' D. Tallerman writes to the Times on April 2:—M Allow me to :point out that, in addition to tho Strathleven shipment of 34 tons of fresh:' meat from Australia, tho other trans-tropical shipments have been—one in 1877 of 100 tons of beef and mutton by tho Frigorifique from South America to Rouen, ono in: 1878 by the Paraguay from South 'America to Havre, and a second by the same vessel consisting of 10,000 sheep, which arrived at Havre last month. Tlieso sbipmonts all arrived in good order and condition. Tho systomB of refrigeration vary, that of the Strathleven being by compression of air by tho Boll and Coleman process, tho Frigori fiquo's tho mothylio ether'system of Tellior, and the Paraguay's on tho ammonia process of Carre-Julion. Other systems promieo equally good results. Thn principle that fresh meat is readily transportable through the tropics from any distanco and in any circum stances is thus amply demonstrated. It only romains to apply tho principle to homo- grown meat, when the producer and consuinor will dorivo benefits from it." Ono of tho sales mentioned in Tuesday's telegrams from Sydney is tho Havilah Estate, Mudgec, owned by the iate N. P. Bayly. The purchase money ia £80,000, tho buyer Mr. H. C. White: Tho lambing at tho various stations this season 1ms (observes tho Baltarat Star) been exceedingly prolific. On some stations tho porcontago will be from 90 to 05 per cent., aud in the westorn district tho lambing is now nearly over; but as a matter of courso tho season for lambing depends entirely on tho owners of tho flocks. However, it has beon found after experience that tho earlier tho lambing the heavier will bo tho clip from tho lambs in tho shearing season and the heavior tho carcase; and tho circumstance is begin ning to bo recogntsod by the oldest of our woolgrowcrs, but not until a inoro advanced aud younger class of sheep-breeders gavo thom the hint after practical exporionco. Tho following are the Forbos stook passings for tho week :—9th : 0500 shcop, Mr. Frost owner, from Howell's Creole, Burrowa, to I Hermitage Plains, Cobar. 10th: 203 head j cattle, from Juneo to Wellington, C;: H. Jaiuicson owner. 14-th : GOOO shoop, Harvey Welman and Co. ownors, from Wugga Wngga to Browarrina ; 5000 shcop, Mr. Smith owner, from Moppity, Young, to Cobar. On tho 15th 1700 sheep from Borambil to Graulin PJuin, Thomas Purccll owner j 909 sheep, from Forbes to Flagstono Cfeek, Wm. Chap man owuer. On Monday (says tho Courier) a mob of 1000 head of vory suporior cattle passod through Yass, on route for Wellington. Tho cattle woro purchased by Mr. Aaron, of Wellington, from Mr. Gibbes, of Yurrulumla, near Queanbeyan, at, wo aro informed, the low rato of £1 a hoad. The hard includes four or fivo hundred splendid bullocks; tho oows and calvos, however, are poor and very weak. 