EPITOME. Advertisements, to secure insertion in The Herald on the day on which they are sent, should be to hand not later than ONS o'clock. The amount of gold received at the Mel bourne Mint for the week ending 12th inst was only 174 oz, but coin to the value of £78,000 wns iisued, We have received frotn Messrs Nicholson and Ascherberg a copy of The Farmer and Bis Pigeons, a new song, which has been sung very inccesefully by Alias Jennie Sergent at the Urao concerts. A very good story comes from Russia, show ing how aisoipiine is understood by the soldier of the Czar. Intimation having been convoyed to a police official of high rank that a convic . wished to make an important revelation, an intervii w was duly accorded the culprit. The humour of tho revelation lay in a murderous attack, which the prisoner proceeded to make 011 the astonished official as noon as the aligns presence wns reached. When, more dead than alive, tho cries of the victim bcouelit assistance, and, the manacled man being picked up. wa< thrust in nn opposite corner, the battered brigadier bepan to breatho again. It then st-emedto strike a person 111010 ingenious than the rest that it wns rather odd that the soldier with fixed bayonet who bad the mas in charge had not iuterefered iu tho slightest degree to prevent the attack. Asked for an explanation of his iinpnssiveness, he stolidly said inter ference on bis part was impossible, for had he dropped hiB rifle he would have been adjudged guilty of a serious infringement of the rules of the service, and bad he left the room to si elt aid, death would probably have been his portion for losing eight of his prisoner. Husbands who are in want of new endearing epithets for their domestio charmers may get a hint from the PariB correspondent of the Times , who has boon down into the Boardeaux district among the wine-growers and the wine- tasters. He giveB a description of a dinner at whioh succeseivo wines were placed before n Ccnipony of experts, and recotds the uncompli mentary epithets given whenever the judgment was unfavourable. But, uhero the flavour was all that could be. desired, the oyeB of the guests sparkled and tho delighted admirers styled it "aimable," "gracieux," "seduisant," "passion- ant," "elegant," "ricbe," "fier," "grand," "beau," "doux," "pnrfumo," "insinnant," "coquet," " ravitsant," " incomparable," "pltin d'amour," Overwhelmed with such a display of admiring opithets, the correspondent said inquitingly to the lady next to him, "Madame, if yonr husband applies such adjfe- tives to wine, what terms dqes ho use when he wants to express his affection to you?" "Oh," Baidshe, "when he wants to be very graoioue he calls mo hie Lafitta 184S. " Surely tho force of imagination and affection could no farther go. A man unjuRtlyaccnned of being mad js (ob serves a London paper) much to be pitiod : hardly less eo is a man nnjustly accused of being drunk; for, whereas in the tirstinstance he runs the risk of losing his liberty, in the lecondhe loses his character, and perhaps his imployment, and is often rtiinod for lifo. One of these hard cases came under the considera tion of tho Free Church Synod of Lothian and Tweeddale at their meeting recently, and is interesting as an illustration of the dangers to which a Scotch minister is sometimes ex posed at the Hands of a ciitical and fastidious congregation. The Synod was engaged for 11 hours in hearing an appeal by a minister against the findings of a Presbytery under a libel charging the reverend gentleman with being intoxicated on throe or four occasions, ono of these being whon he was in his own .pulpit in September, 1S78 The Presbytery bad found the .cburgeB proven, and against 'this finding an appeal was made to the Synod. The first charges having been disposed of by the Synod revereing the deoision of tha Presbytery and sustaining the appeal, the charge of drunkenness in the pulpit waB made tho subject of investigation, The evidence against the minister was certainly of a startling nature. "Thefir.-tprayer he offered up was in a very 'ravelled' state ; there ' were verses in tils chapter read, the -10th of Job, which needed explanation, and 110110 _was given ; the. sermon was in a ' ravelled' Condi tion," and ono witness stated that the minister " wns rather of a ghoRtly yipBarance of a pale 'white nnd blue mixed." In the end the Synod came to the conclusion that the chnrgo wm not sustained, and reversed all the decisions of the Presbytery. It certainly seems hard to pronounce a man drunk beoause his complexion iB like thnt of a ghost. Moreover, ghosts' complexions are not invariably " blue and white mixed." Some well mithenticnted ghostB have almost rosy complexions, and look remarkably well. ... It is said that the Bisl;op of Manchester is about to lead to' the hymeneal alter an agree able oud accomplished young 1 vdy. Somo of the Manchester parsons, (observes a "society' paper) had arranged to present his lordship with an ivory pastoral staff; hut 0110 of them now proposes to substitute for this a more useful present for ilia " lady oleet" — viz., an ivorv-hnncll.d pnvnso), and to drop tho fltalT foi llier lord and master. Thiero is wisdom on J osaibly wit in the change.-;#-:: The Russiuii army, all'told, consists now of 1,700,000 men, and 'in three years it will, if tho present system is continued, consist of three millions o'f men. 