THE SOCIAL KALEIDOSCOPE. \- ? ? ? ? ? ? * i-l( By Pasquiit. . : ' ? v-: .. No. 6. \- Db. M'Gibbon at Woolloomooloo. k t: Jo no vous nilnc pas, Hylns, Je ne 'en sanrois dire la cnuso ; Jo sais soulement une chose, ? Cost que jo lie vous airne pas. * j — Bussy, Comto do llahuiin, Ep. 33, Book 1, .. If really lie had any wit, Ho was very shy of using it. — Butler. Hudibras. '' Ho know wliat's what, aud that's as high As his theology could fly. —Ibid. As I sit down to write this articlc, the sky above looms darkly with stormy clouds, and the ' cold, relentleco rain' splashes and patters against my ?windows in a manner which bodes ill for the many pleasure-oeokers who annually risk drown ing, bone-fracturing, and bivalve-poisoning at this 'festive season.' The rain io a sad disappoint ment to mo, becauso gloomy weather militates against the successful adoption of that airy touch which is a sine qua »on in effective ' descriptive' writing ; and in this little ekotch, it is my desire ? to be particularly light, oheorful, and gentle ; for I cannot but remember that I am writing of a truly good, charitable, and holy man, conse quently it would pain me to tho heart if, in the courso of my good- humoured criticism, I should be the causo of one single furrow ruffling the Btatuosquo-liko serenity of his marble brow. The Subject of this article received at the baptismal font the classic name of ' John,' simply John and no more. Being, as tradition has it, an 'uncommonly fine child,' his parents might have fixed upon Augustus, or Napoleon, or Sempronius Andronicus ; but no : with that sublime modesty, which, as the world knows, io bo forcibly reproduced in their distinguished offspring, they contented them selves with tho retiring monosyllabic ' John' : and as John he has subsequently elec trified the two hemispheres. Biography not bo' ing my forte, and tho space at my disposal boing limited, it is not my intention of following John's footsteps from his cradle to tho highly dis tinguished, influential, and affluent position which he now occupies. Suffice it to say, however, that, j at the present time, tho patient under treatment s not only a ' Reverend ' but an LL.D. (Sydney Univorsity) also. In addition to this ho is Grand Chaplain to the Orangemen of N. S. Wales ; and if more be required yet to crown Him wi^h ineffable glory, ho is the bogy who has blasted tho hopes of Bogan. Poor Bogan ! You may paint, you may grain, you may plaster, you may varnish, you may even pile story upon story, and surmount the whole with an orna mental balustrade of a propitiatory nature ; but of what avail those arts against those of M'Gibbon ? Verily I tell thee, Bogan, thou hadst best 'turn it up.' Transform the premises into a steam laundry, or a bonded store, or a Presbyterian book depot, for thou wilt never have a publican's license on this earth. No, poor Bogan ! The moment you apply, mighty M'GI-ibbon will raise his podgy paw, and the air will grow dark with a cloud of sworn justices, who will, at the great man's sign, record their votes against thee, O Bogan. These law retailers will come 'from the north, the south, the east, tho west and it is a galleon-load of Australia's ingots to M'Beatli's cotton gingham that thou wilt be ' bested' — poor Bogan ! It is generally known throughout the civilized globe that Dr. M'Gibbon, in conjunction with another ' divine,' who rejoices in the somewhat uncommon appellation of ' Zachary Barry,' edit ♦English Version — ' I do not lovo tlioe, Dv. Foil,' etc. between them a journal of ' political and reli- I gious freedom.' This is tho sub-title of their j paper, which I will call, for convenience' sake, I The Fourpenng Firebrand. (Tho terms for ad- j vertising in this journal will be found in another j column !) Tlie rev. doctors have no plant of their own, so tho printing of their weekly classic: i3 farmed out to a highly respectable firm of printers. These honest ' mechanicals' are gradu ally sinking beneath the burden of their great. - responsibility. Compositors on piece-work en trusted with the ' copy' of the ' editors,'' not unfrequcntly hurst into paroxysms of fury, and heap anathemas on the head of the unoffending foreman. Tlie edi torial twins of courso read their own ' revises '»? — for sense anyhow. Their printer's 'reader'' io responsible for tho spelling and punctuation^ Well, when tho printed slips are returned to Market-streot, after having been manipulated by ; the reverend pair, they resemble a proclamation by Troehu after a heavy bombardment. The ; rrenernl spirit of the literature in the Firebrand is of a bellicose nature. The ' editors ' are always in a furious rage with something or somebody. A long time ago our friend the rotund, dusky ' Bruddor Beg ' started a paper, which was the very shadow of the Firebrand , and yet, sad to say, tho rev. conductors of the latter journal even violently attacked poor Bcg's little handbill ; thus reaching the climax of irascibility in quarrel ling ivith their own shadow ! In fact the rev. MR. W. SHAW, HOME JitTLE LEADER, doctors may not inaptly bo compared to a couple of bulls, to whom the world is one huge china shop, the proprietor of which is eternally fooling with a crimson standard. Dr. M'GI-ibbon, espe cially, is ludicrously pugnacious. His ' pardner,' I am told by a very prominent Orangeman of this city, deprecates journalistic John's continually striving to — ' Prove his doctrine orthodox, By apostolic blows and knocks' ; but without avail. For M'Gibbon is nothing if not abusive. It has been remarked, however, that great men are proverbially irritable. Take Dr. Johnson, and Byron, and Napoleon. All these were peculiarly subject to attacks of choler. Well, Dr. M'Gibbon is notoriously hot-headed ; but then as he is a great man we must excuse him as the world has excused the rather less eminent persons I have mentioned. None the less, however, is the Rev. Doctor's inspired pugnacity somewhat extraordinary. To judge from his ' writings' abuse is his ' perfection.' Ho will lay about him on the slightest provo cation. A glimpse of the Archbishop's equipage — an ar»ple woman selling on a Sunday — a pigeon perched upon St. Mary's — some coal-dust in the Doctor's key-hole (execrable plot of some blood thirsty Papist) — any of these things will call forth a column of the old gentleman's funny English, in long primer too, and well 'leaded' at that, on the crack page of the Firebrand. The circulation of the paper is, I understand, painfully limited. Two reasons may bo assigned for this. The first is that it has to compete with Punch as a humorous journal, J without the attraction of Mir .'Clint's illustrations ; and the second consists in 'the fact that the long ' array of death's-heads and cross-bones on the i front page of the Fir-sir and scare the more timid section of the general public. | Early last Sunday morning, prior to attending } the soi'vice 'the Presbyterian Church, I strolled | out to inspect the building from the outside. It | is situated at the intersection of Palmer and Stanlej streets, in Woolloomooloo — a neighbour ?? hood which would afford any clergyman a i rcir.&vkably; good field for the exercise of his .spiritual ministrations. It would not appear, | however, that the Bev. Doctor's presence in this \ notorious portion of the city has been productive ? of any material change in the general morality of 1 the inhabitants. Indeed, there are certain indi» viduals (sceptics, no doubt) who remark that the only persons who have derived any benefit from Dr. M' Gibbon's long residence in the purlieus of ' wicked Woolloomooloo ' are that gentleman's own reverend self and his singularly self-denying family. It is averred by some of the Doctor's friends (not many !) that ' He hath a tear for pity, and a hand Open as day for melting charity.' Well, perhaps he has, and like the man in Pope's Epilogue — does good by stealth, and blushes to i find it fame. Personally I have no recollection of ever having seen the name of the Bev. Subject of these remarks upon a list of charity, although I have a very vivid remembrance of the rev gentleman and Dr. Barry appealing for subscrip tions on more than one occasion. Indeed the appended verse by ' A Mopoke,' extracted from a highly- finished and scholarly satirical poem which appeared last week in this journal, applies with much exactitude to a very large number of Presbyterian ministers — ' Now mount your musty pulpit — thump, And muddle flat clodhoppers ; Aud let some long-eared booby ' hump ' Tho plate about for coppors.' But it could -not apply to Dr. M'Gibbon, of course. So now, John, lay aside your bludgeon ''for yet a little while!' Dr. M'Gib bon's church is a primitive -looking brown-stone building, whose walls are pierced on the Stanley street side by six long oval-shaped windows filled with small panes of ground glass — the centre squares being stained blue. I hardly knew; with out hours of serious thought, what tho structure most resembles. All I am certain of is that the building is not the least bit like a church. It has something of the rakish air of a ' dance hall,' and something of the. sombre colouring of a police court. The blue windows give it somewhat of a theatrical smack on tho ono hand, while tho imitation granite decoration which forms tho foundation of the front railings is suggestive of a branch Benevolent Asylum — owing to tho simi larity of ornamentation indulged in at both those Metropolitan monuments.' It might be — as j far as the uninitiated spectator is concerned — anything, from a cordial manufactory to a lying in-hospital — anything but a church ! Adjoining is the rev. incumbent's residence, tersely termed ' The Manse.' This is a.threerstory h-?usfi of comfortable appearance, and ornamenting, the front door is a brass plate of dazzling i brilliancy, upon which is engraven in com manding caps the magic name ' Dr. M'Gibbon.' \ It being, as I have intimated, early in tho morn i ing when I reconnoitered the premises, la famille | M'Gibbon yet slumbered. All the bottom j jalousies were closed, but the top windows word unprotected ; and X derived much pleasure in contemplating a grotesque bandbox with a hole r in the top, which I somehow decided wao the ( final receptacle of the worthy Doctor's sermons, At the rear of tlie premises there was nothing I more remarkable than peculiarly crooked blinds tj the windows, and some exceedingly dusky linen ! hanging out to dry. !. At eleven o'clock I returned. I entered the i porch, flattering myself that I was unknown., I when lo, and behold ! who should be standing i there handing papers (accounts probably) fco the j people as they passed in, but the ubiquitous David M'Beath P There was no one fchei'e fco show me into a seat, so I wao rath-el* puzzled what to do. Anyhow-, as I 'did not know how much Dave got for his services, I felt a delicacy in troubling him. Therefore I straggled in, and took possession of a pew just ao if I were a regu lar subscriber to the institution. The interior of the Woolloomooloo Presbyterian Church is peculiar. It has a gallery containing an organ at one end, and a pulpit containing M'Gibbon at the other. The rostrum in question io pro tected by a large railed enclosure in front— a wise preventive against a possible attack by an' ' t infuriated auditory — and there is a door on either side so as to afford the minister every facility for escape. The walls were painted a sbone-colour, and the decorations consisted of two broad lines of orange, relieved by two narrow lines of green, which enlivened the dead white of the mouldings. The sittings were in three rows, double iip the middle, and single at the sideo. The pews were very narrow, very shiny, and very hard. The smartest thing in tho whole room (for it is but a large room) is the cushion on the Doctor's pulpit, which is of bright crimson, with yellow tassels and appendages, and must have cost fully fifteen shillings. The congrega tion numbered some 140 souls, and taking them ' altogether, they impressed me as being rather a seedy lot. 'Tis true two pews contained ' carriage, people.' I saw these patricians drive away in their vehicles. Eureka! such ghosts of old rattle-trap barouches were never seen since the days of Ninon de l'Enclos. One of tho coach men had a rug wrapped round his legs in order to delude the people into the belief that he had a pair of livery pants on ; whereas his inexpres sibles consisted of washed-out grey tweed, with a large circular patch of a darker material' let in behind ! He couldn't fool me, with his ragged old rug! I came out before the last hymn and saw Mm get up. (If the owner of the patriar chal chariot chooses to impugn my statement, let her engage the Victoria Theatre on Saturday afternoon and there ventilate her grievance. It's long odds she'd draw a better audience than the 'Mudgee ghost' did with his eternal Protection grind.) It was curious to remark that nearly all the men who were not old enough to be grey-headed were red-headed. Most had very stern features, - very shiny coats, and excessively tall hats. The younger members of the fair Bex, however, were, in some cases — it seems strange to write in connection with the hard-featured crowd — of most extraordinary beauty. There was one young lady especially, who gleamed a perfect vision, and who, I own, some» what distracted my thoughts from tlie service* She was badly dressed in a bright blue frock but not even this ' trying' costume and an ugly hat could spoil her. Indeed, to put it in iambics, she was — A maiden sweet. Her age, I trow, Was sixteen gentle springs or so, And she was passing fair. Her eyes were large ; their lovely hue A liquid bright, and melting blue ; Of auburn gold her hair. V . Ah! Byron only could have told ? , t '- How that soft show'r of living gold . The floating- sunbeams caught, . Ana how each scintillating curl Of that too fascinating g-yurl, Most dire confusion wrought. In hearts of those_ whose looks betrayed The havoc that fair one had made ! ? ! '' In sooth, her ev'ry ribbon, Tli' attention of each, love-lorn wight. Ah, sad to say, distracted quite Prom the pitch of M'Gibbon ! Now for solid prose once more, Wilt, thou forgive me for dropping into poetry, John ? , Tlie organ was in full swing as I took my seat. It is rather a feeble instrument,' on the whole, and the ' voluntary ' executed thereon by a juvenile amateur was decidedly i/ivoluntary as regarded its variations.. The front row of the choir v.-i'.s very picturesque. Twelve vocalists stood up in the first row, and there were a few ' supers ' behind. The front contingent con sisted of twelve young girls and five young men. They sang very well, too, on tho whole, only thoy j were a little too loud. Indeed in reference to tho choir, ,glifc aptly quote from Carey's Chronon %otonthologOS (mind your quantities, John !) and Bay— ' Lot tlio singing Dingers, 'With, vocal voices moat vociferous, In Bveot vociforation out-voeiferize E'en nound itself ! ' The service commenced ?with a psalm, No. 58 ? — the 1st, 3rd, and I5tli versos. This picking of particular stanzas rather puzzled some of the audidnce. An old lady in the next sitting to me commenced with verse 2nd, sang'No. 15th next, 'and only hummed tlie tune afterwards. A little boy on my right sang No. 1. stanza all the way through — and was happy. All stood up when ~ Bulging, except the Doctor. He kept his seat, and appeared by the motion of his lips to bo chaunting conscientiously. 'When tho hymn was finished, I could not help being thankful for one thing. The Eev. Doctor had opened his mouth to the utmost, and no one had been sioallowed up ! After the singing Doctor M'Gib bon began to read : — the 24th chapter of St. Jjuke. Criticism upon his powers as a reader is impossible. The Doctor was utterly inaudable ; his rendition of perhaps the finest chapter in the Protestant Bible being one elongated 'mumble,'' .While he was reading, however, I had a good chance of 'taking him out of winding,' which I 5id not neglect. Dr. M'Gibbon, then, is a tall, stoutly-built old chap, with a big heavy face and a big bushy grey beard. His eyebrows are big, and so is his nose ; while his mouth, as I have previously intimated, is cavernous in its dimen' eions. The rev. gentleman is bald in front, which gives him the appearance of having a very hi 'h forehead, and there is a look of calm superiority over the ordinary run of mortals illuminating his intellectual countenance, which is very refreshing to contemplate. After an extempore prayer, the burden o£ which I waB unable to catch, and another hymn, the melody of which will haunt me in my dreams, Dr. M'Gibbon commenced to preach. Then he was in his glory. Squaring his arms, shaking out his smart university gown, and patting his bible condescendingly he gave out the text. I do not intend to traverse the Rev. Doctor's sermon, for the simple reason that a portion of it was partially inaudible, and that which I did hear was of the ordinary dry-and-dust nature, which iB every Sunday, spun out by the yard by every ' reverend,' from Frank Warden to — well — ' Pastor' Allen. To use a phrase of Shake speare's, Dr. M'Gibbon ' drawefeh out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argu ' menfcs.' When lie io in repose, he rests his thumbs in the waistband of his trousers. When emphatic, however, he raises his hand and ' Pulpit, drum ecclesiastic, He beato with fist instead of a stick ' ; and furthermore does the windmill business to perfection. How does Pope put it ? ' Wide as a windmill, all his figure spread With arms extended ! ' There you are ! John's portrait to the life. In Dr. M'Gibbon's sermon, I noticed that all his R's were uncommonly soft, and that all his facts were uncommonly hard. He commenced by ? saying that this was Easter Sunday. He also read to ua that Easter was either a word with a Saxon derivation, or else the word had been handed down to us as being the ' monarcher' of a Saxon goddess of that name, who was worshipped at this season of the year. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to inform us that, on the continent of Europe, hard-boiled eggs dyed in different colours were hidden at Easter, and the 'plants' sprung by the juvenile population of foreign countries. This custom, he held, was emblematic of the season; for, as out of the ≫ (hard boiled) cometli the chicken, thus — but the metaphor is obvious ! After this my attention wandered. An old gentleman on the other side of the room fell asleep soon after the hard-boiled -egg theory, with'his spectaclcs on r the very tip of his nose. , I could see that nothing less than a miracle could save his two guinea pebbles from being smashed whenever he moved, yet I could not save them. This made me unhappy. And there was another thing, too. A small boy nest to me got a flea in his sock, and mutely appealed- to me to bo succoured. I turned down his hose, captured tho insect, and shut it up in the youngster's Bible. This so tickled him, that he chuckled audibly, which attracted the attention of a young lady in . pearl grey, w lio boing tickled by the boy's chuckles, purple in tho face with suppressed laughter, ' while lA'ho fair goddess with the auricoraus tresses, catching my °y°- executed a chuckle on her own ' account, much &:0 my discomfiture. There are people who may po^ibly think this irreverent. Well, all I ccm a ay ia, lot' Mem go to M'Gibbon's church, lioten to u drcr.ry coriuion, drearily read, with a boy on ono side v/ho Iim a iilia imprisoned % Bible, and a puir of young ladies on i«io other , -nfcly watching until such, two C;o you disgrace yourself by laughing aloud . The situa tion must be admitted by all to be excessively trying. When tlie discourse was all over, I could not help feeling a bit surprised. In the first place all the introduction was cribbed from the Encyclo poodia Britannica, and in the second there was no denunciation of ' popery' in it. The fact is, the old gentleman had written it all down, and he couldn't deviate from the caligraphical context of his voluminous dis course. So the poor Jesuits escaped a thunder ing denunciation this time, therefore they can breathe freely for a little longer. The Papal See may also consider itself safe until the Rev. Doctor preaches again, but then possibly, if he relates how a band of blood-thirsty Papist brigands, their revolting features hidden by burnt cork vizards and armed to the teeth, actually in the dead of the night, blew coaldust in the rtiv. gentleman's key- hole, tlie reign of his Holiness will be at an I end, and the power, the glory, and the splendour of the Roman Catholic Centre, will be crushed and bruised beneath the iron-healed blucher of mighty M'Gibbon ! After I left the church, I stood on the opposite side of the way and marked the mournful crowd file out. Poor things ! They looked very, very sad. As I watched them, I cudgelled my brains for an appropriate quotation for Dr. M'Gibbon's sermons. At last I got it, and in the words of Dogberry too ! Yes, the Rev. Doctor's sermons are — ' Most tolerable, and not to be endured.' So let me end with a Shakespearian paradox while I am in a good humour. 