The Old Sermon. aolemn fcnsh of midnight is brooding over the earth : Xlohe in my state and splendour, I wait for the new day's birth No sotmd breaki in on the stillnesi, mo voice in the silence calla, Bo heavy the Yelvetbaupinpi. so thick are my study walls. I would sit in the dusky silence, and rest both heart and brain, And gather itrenptti ior the warfare tliat day fcringe on again; Ent a. picture comes in the darkness of a place I knew whettaboy, ? And it c bi 11b the heart that is throbbing with the flash of worldly joy. 'Tin a tin pie church in a neadowiakd, 'Where Ieee awbite-hnired pastor itand, 'WTio warns his flock with uplifted hand ; \- ? Except ye b« like tha children. Ye can notenterin.** There's & glitter and glory around me that is horn of a guine&'fi chin* ; 1 m«asara a thouM»d aor«s, aud know that their wealth ie I hear in the shout of the gaping crowd the homag-e they bear iny name — It is written in radiant letters on the glittering roll of The eoun'd ol tha wordnl utter .b echoed from land to land, And the helm that twavi a nation ie truEted within my But my heart prows faint like a woman's when the dusk of twilight nears, And I dread the solemn midnight when that white-haired Tnnti appears : For soul and spirit becomeperplexed ; I dread the words that arc coining next, The awful lonnd of that simple taxt : ' Except ye be like the children. Ye san sot enter ii.' ionp a*d fierce was the straggle that placed me ujtod the height ; I wrought with a will for the lustre that hu mado my name so bright : I I wen me a crown of laurel, and wreathed it around my i And a? wounds of the mighty conflict I bear about me I And mine is the right of resting, of pausing- awhile in the strife, Tor I fought the fight like a victor, and conquered the thine called life. Bat that picture will eome in th« darkness, and stiHe ths fire-light's frleain, ^Till t pale and shrink like a culprit who is bound in a nierhtmare dre*am : For I eee ike old man standing there* Th» lifted hands ud th« whitened hair. And I hear the trembling Toiee declare ; 'Exoeptyebelike the children, I Te eon not enter in.' Eo I flit alont in the midnight, while the ghosts of the past flit by. And they warn me with shadowy fingers of the cud that is drawing nigh j I thi»k of the lift withim me, of th« fierce and resistless -wilL And the frail and helpless' body that must lie so cold and Till the 'qaivering heart inniyboaom pr*wi faint and n»mb 'With dread of the awful Bumnone that oiedny I must Asd I turn with a shudder of loathing from th« power I A^d I long for the heart of childhood, untouched., unsullied by sin ; Forthevoieeof troth falls on »y ears, And memory calleth adown the years. While awed and frightened my soul stillhe&TS; : ' Except ys bo like tin childrem, Ya can not «nt«rin.'* 