LOCAL PREACHERS, THEIR DUTIES AND QUALIFICATIONS. A paper read by Rev. W. Cooke before the Local Preachers' Association of his circuit—Moonto Mines. (Concluded.') In our second part we have to deal with the qualifications which local preachers should possess, in a greater or less degree. Great duties require great qualifications. He who performs his duties best will be he who has the necessary qualifications in the greatest degree. And let me here remark that we must not put faith so much in one, particular qualification as in the combination and harmonious working of the whole: and again, we must not fall into the mistake of thinking that all qualifications are equally important. 1\. Our first qualification shall be a belief of the truth preached. As soon as this is announced some will ejaculate, "Of course, of course." But it doos not always follow as a matter of course that men believe all that they preach. Human nature has many si range tricks about it, and some of these are played off iir'be pulpit. I should | e sorry to be. attended by a physician who didn't believe in his own prescriptions, and who wouldn't take the same medicine in the same conditions of disease. And the congregation is to be pitied which has a preacher who does not believe in the gospel he preaches. The Bible is our text-book. We are to receive it as the Word of God, and believe it as being profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness—that it contains doctrines, which, if believed and applied to the heart, will work to the saving of the soul, and develope the life of righteousness in all who shall sincerely receive it. When we have strong convictions of the truth ; when we see before us men and women, young and old, people whom our gospel is destined to save or destroy, according as they receive or reject it; I say, if we really believe this; if the weight of that eternal truth has pressed upon us; if with the Divine Light t,lm future destiny of man is revealed to our minds, and our hearts believe it— then our souls will be stirred up within us; we will feel most anxious to create in our congregations the belief we ourselves possess, and ardently desire to give them to feel and see the importance of the great message we deliver. True belief in a doctrine begets true earnestness in the advocacy of that doctrine. Every preacher's heart ought to be able to look into God's face and say, " Thy word is truth.'' "I know whom I have believed." 2\. The second qualification is that you should understand the gospel. I do not mean that you should understand all the gospel. That is unattainable by the finite mind. God's mind is the measure of His Gospel. " His understanding is infinite." But in order to lay before your hearers in an intelligible manner that which you discourse upon, it will be necessary that you be master of that part so far. When we hear those patchy, fragmentary sermons we may safely set it down that the preacher is, metaphorically, at sea; and knows not whither he is sailing. He has lost not only himself, but his congregation also, that is, supposing they have followed him over the watery waste. And is not this the result, in the first place, of not being master of the subject, of not clearly apprehending the trut'i to be taught, of not la/lng down carefully the form of thought to be pursued, and, perhaps, of depending on the feeling of the moment ? 3\. We will extend this idea by here adding the third qualification, viz.—Intelligence. Some people have an opinion that the only qualifications a preacher needs are: to be converted, and have a sufficient amount of boldness to enable him to mount the rostrum. Such aa opinion ought never to have been uttered; it should have died e'er it came to the birth. I hesitate not to say'that great damage has been done to Christ's Church—congregations thinned, and religion ridiculed—in consequence of persons having been put on the loi'-al preachers' plan who had not intelligence sufficient to carry them through a service in decency and order. , Many, indeed, have been made local preachers, ^hose knowledge ot the Scriptures would hardly warrant their being made teachers in the Sunday-school. This kind of apostlesbip has, we hope, passed away for ever. A new era has set in. The congregations, the superior education of the young, the widely-spread religious literature, and the subject of our ministry, all demand intelligent preachers. We are not pleading for a " learned" lay ministry. We could not expect it, where so little time is at command for literary pursuits. But it is not too much to ask for an intelligent exposition of a Scripture doctrine; a common-sense, though homely illustration of truth; and for a language which, though not classic in its diction, yet will not harshly grate upon the ears of a-not-at-allfastidious congregation. A local preacher ought to have an intimate acquaintance with the Bible. Ignorance of this book is never excused by the most liberal of our congregations. He should also, so far as he has time and opportunity, make himself acquainted with other books and subjects, which would materially help him in his work. Church history, secular history, biography, the general laws of social life, and so on. Attention, in some measure, should be given to the grammar of the English language, to the pronunciation of words, to gestures in the pulpit, and the general elocution of address to a congregation. Local preachers, as well as the regular ministers, are expected, in the general progress of intelligence, to keep up to the times. And, believe it, an intelligent, pleasant presentation of the truth is far more effective, in the long run, for good, than any vehement, incoherent, and fragmentary hortation thereon. 4\. I will now speak on what may be called (jualifications for the ritual of the service. I mean being able to conduct in an acceptable, orderly manner, the worship of the sanctuary. Let it always be understood that the service from beginning to end is the worship of God. The reading of the hymns, singing of praise, offering prayer, reading Scripture, and preaching the gospel, are all intended to draw our hearts nearer to heaven. None of these things should be done carelessly, or with an appearance of haste, but with solemn cheerfulness and fulness of devotion. Take care that you do not at the outset of your service afflict the congregation with melancholy. Remember that the Gospel is appointed " unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness:" and that " The Lord shall comfort Zion : He will comfort all her waste places and He will make her wilderness like Eden, and her desert like the garden of the Lord ; joy and gladness shall be found therein, thanksgiving and the voice of melody." Therefore, introduce, by a glad countenance, a cheery tone of voice, grateful words in prayer, and joyful feelings, that cheerful solemnity and happy worship, which will give the service the aspect of home—and that the sanctuary is our Father's house, and that the Father is our Friend. Try to make the people feel this, and you have more then "half succeeded in bringing down upon you the blessings of your hearers and the help of God. Do not by any means committ the error, so common among preachers, and overlook that part of the service away from the delivery of the sermon. The sermon is not to be thought everything in God's house. It is but a small part of the worship, and often the poorest part of all. Why, the other parts—singing, praying, reading—if properly conducted, often give the inspiration to the sermon; for they tend in a marked degree to prepare the preacher for preaching effectively, and thehearers for hearing with devout feelings, sympathy^ and: Christian charity. Such an important part of the service of the sanctuary should be thought over calmly, approached with care", entered into with reverence, and executed with diligence, zeal, and pious feeling. 5\. The last qualification is one which I am sure you all believe in— Personal Piety. We may call this the first and the last. The first— as without it no man ought to become a preacher. The last—as without it no man ought to continue a preacher, no matter what may be his other qualifications. It is as indispensable to a preacher as oil is to a lamp, or steam to a locomotive, or the spark to the cannon's, charge. First a Christian, then a local preacher. A personal knowledge of Christ, a sense of sins for given and acceptance with God; a personal experience of the power of the Gospel he preaches. He ought to be able tb declare what God has done for his soul. All who preach should be able to use in the spiritual sense the words of John the Divine—" That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled of the Word of Life. . . . . . . That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us; and truly our fellowship is with the Father and with His Son Jesus Christ." Personal piety will be power to you; it will arouse your soul, and re-invigorate every energy. It will give you true earnestness, create within you sympathy with God's people, and compassion for dying sinners. It will make your soul strong to labor, and your heart eager for success. As your piety increases so will the keenness of your desire for the prosperity of the Redeemer's kingdom. Our piety and power may be increased. " Receive ye the Holy Ghost," said Jesus to His apostles. At His word they tarried at Jerusa. lem, and received power, after that the Holy Gh.ost came upon them. This promise is yours also, "jfaker it into your heart; live daily in the expectation of its fulfilment. Never limit the Holy One. BeUave that He " iB able to do exceeding abundantly abo,xe all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us." Hearts thus strengthened in fe&th;, souls thus: equipped with Divine qualifications and refreshed with the life of God, shall do great things in His name. "Go ye, therefore, and preaeh the Gospel to every creature." I leave these few hints with you. My only desire has, been to say something, that would stimulate, encourage and strengthen my brethren, my fellow-helpers in the Gospel. We have a large people to care for: our responsibilities are great. If we can in any way qualify ourselves to care for,, feed, and bless our congregations better in the future than we have done in the past, let us do so. If there is a more excellent way, let us find it out. If we <xn improve our preaching, teaching, exhorting, let us consider no trouble too much, no difficulty too great, no self-denial too painful, no labor—mental or spiritual— too arduous, ana no self-discipline too sevcrfe, to qualify, give us influence and power, for, and in the pulpit, to wake us workmen that need not be ashamed, rightly distributing the word of truth. 