A SUCOESSFVL PLOT. My Aunt Mona, if her own words might bo beliovod, had hardly boon well for a day throughout licr life, certainly not for olio during tho last twenty years. She walked tlio earth a bundle of unstrung nerves, an incarnation of aches and pains, a living sufferer of all tlio dis orders that poor mortals aro linblo to, a speci men of utter misery and living martyrdom. From tho crown of licr smooth brown bond down to tho pretty feet, there was no sound health in licr. So sho would assure us ton times a day. . How is it, I wonder, that people who have every os3cntial good in lifo to make tlicm com fortable, must create discomfort for themselves 1 Some do it. Ono will sock it in frctfulncss, another in jealousy, a third in wearing anxiety about nothing. I suppose that, as a certain amount of suffering is, nnd must bo, tho lot of all whilo they inhabit this world, tlioso upon whom heaven has not inilictod it, must needs inflict it upon them. Aunt Mona found it in health. That is, you understand, ill tlio lack of. health. And sho might liavo been so bright and happy. Tho wife of Thomas Buttcrfield, sub stantial yeoman and farmer, whoso crops never seemed to fail, and whoso houso was filled with plenty. Aunt Mona had every substantial good, in their plain way, that sho could havo. Hor children were hearty — her friends truo. But that hoaltli of liors ruined everything. Any husband less sunny tempered that Uncle Butter- field would have become moroso ero this. Mr. Whale, the parson, talking of it ono evening to my father, when ho had called in and stayed to supper, and tlioy bocanio confidential ovor their whisky and water, declared ho should havo shaken her long ago wcro sho his wife, and boon fit to turn hor out of. doors afterward. Aunt Mona did not sit patiently down and endure her suffering ; sho had too much spirit for that. I don't believe there was a doctor witliin.a hundred miles who had not heard the dismal story of lior manifold and over-increasing ailments. She had tried allopathy, lioniojopathy, hydro pathy ; sho had consulted various kinds of practitioners — botanic, eclectic, magnetic, and mesmeric. She once travelled ..to London to consult a ronowed spiritual medium. She had fully tested all tho patent medicines of the day, including Holloway's ointment and Cockle's pills and Mrs. Winslow's soothing syrup and some body's ehest expanders, and yet — here sho was still, not cured ; worso than ever. Papa would call her on tho sly " My sister Moanor." But now a wonderful thing occurred. Tboro came into the village hard by a man of mcdicino, and bo set up his tent there for a day or two. Ho called himself the great " Physio-Eslcotic- Magnotic Healer," and lio came heralded by a mighty flourish of trumpets and by bills as largo as life, professing to euro everything. Aunt Mona was in a. flutter of hope ; sho wrote to him to say slio was coming, and sho took mo with hor. Her own children were not old enough and Unclo Buttorfield would as soon havo paid a visit to Uio moon. The groat Magnetic Healer was a tall man with a black beard. Ho solemnly bowed aunt into a big chair and ino into a smaller ono. " I have enjoyed poor health for twenty years," began Aunt Mona iri a sighing tone, while the great doctor, sitting before hor, looked and listened attentively. " Some of the mqdical men I have consulted say it must bo tlio lungs, otlipis tlio liver, others, again, say it is . tlio heart. I say it is all tliroo. They cannot .find, out any organic disease, tlioy toll mo, and they only recommend proper diet, air, and exerciso. Ono of tliem went so far as to say that all: I wanted was cheerfulness. I know better. And so would they if they felt as I fool. I told old Stafford so, our doctor, tho . other day.. My opinion is that I havo a complication' of diseases ; my lungs aro weak, hiy liver docs not act, and I am often terribly pressed for broatli, as my nieeo hero, Miss Albright,- can testify to. . That-,, of course, must be the heart." : " Of course," murmured the groat Magnotio Healer. " Go on, madam.-". 11 1 am troubled perpetually with rheumatic and neuralgic pains, and I liavo somotliing dreadful in my back. Tho spine, lio doubt. Ono minute tho blood will gallop up and down mj' veins like a streak of lightning, tlio lioxt it seems to freeze as if it were so much ice. ' I have shivcrings, and I have bad nights, and I have headache— and altogether I am sure no poor woman was ever so alllictcd. Can you do anything for me, sir? I believe the heart's tlio worst. " " Madam," said the great Magnetic Healer, pompously, " that particular form of heart disease has been of frequent occurrence in my practico, and I have been invariably successful in its treatment. Scientifically speaking, your complaint is malformation of tho right atiriclo, and — there may bo — somotliing a littlo amiss' with the loft ventricle. I think nerhans there is. You feel out of spirits, now don't you, often, especially in damp, gloomy weather, and a sort of distaste to everything ?" " Why, Doctor, no ono before ovor told mo this !" oxclaimed Aunt Monain ccstacy. " It is exactly liow Ldofeel." " Yes, yes, my dear madam, I could describe your every sensation just as well as though I myself were the sufferer. How is your appetito (" " AYell, it is not to bo relied on ; but it's mostly very poor. Some days I eat well enough ; others I can't touch a thing, and I live then upon strong grocn tea, or perhaps cofl'oe, and toast and butter." "A most deleterious practice, my dear, madam. ' ' Order is nature's first law,' and it be hoves us to bo regular in our diet. This capri- ciousncss of appetite arises from the derange ment'. I speak of, aud can bo easily remedied. Do you sleep well 1" '. " Good gracious ! no, Doctor ; not as a rule. How can you expect it ? And if I do sloop I dream. Tlio other night I had a dreadful dream — I thought I saw tho ghosts of my two dead brothers who were drownod ton years ago. Tlioy were beokoning to me. I awoke in the worst fright possible, screaming and crying." " And had you gone to bed supporiess that night — upon nothing but green tea /" - " Well, no. That night I had managed to eat a morsel of supper, and drink a drop of our old nlo. . .Hot pork chops' and .apple fritters wo had, I remember." Tho doctor coughed. 'Yes, they beckoned to mo distinctly," con tinued Aunt Mona, returning to tho ghosts of licr two brothers. "It was a sign, I know, Doctor — a warning that I must soon follow. I feel that I am riot long for tliis world. " , "My dear lady, do not despair, I implore you. , A lifo valuable as.yours must not so oarly bo lost to the world ; a sun so brilliant must not go down ,ero it lias attainod iis meridian splendour'. In the hands of an ordinary physician your case would, indeed, bo hopeless ; ;but my skill m, ay perhaps avail, even for you. I fear; Madam, that you arc- inclined to hysteria — in simpler phrase that you aro nervous." "No, Doctor, I cannot say , that I am. I should bo if .1 gave way to my feelings, but. that is what I never allow mysolf to do. My husband at times tells 1110 I am hysterical, but wbon I'm dead and gone he'll'.- know bettor. - Ho will rcaliso then tlint I lrns the patientcst, uncoiii- plairiingcst mortal woman that ever breathed.. Being so, hearty himself, he cannot understand that other people liavo ailmonts ; and so — and so— all I know is that lam frightfully ill and get no sympathy." And with the last words Aunt Mona covered her face with her liandkorcliief and sobbed aloud. Much, affected, tlio great Magnetic . Healer turned away, as if to conceal bis emotion: Xhcn, returning to bis clintr, ho spoke 111 a eon- soling tono. "Dry your tears, dear lady. I have the gift of prescience, which assures 1110 that you will live niid not dio. Although 111'y. great reliance iu tlio euro of discasb is my wonderful mesmeric and magnetic power, yot, iu addition to theso, I am possessed of an unrivalled, medicino, the secret of whoso preparation was communicated to 1110 whilo in thospiritunl trance slaio by tlio groat Galen himself. ..Tako heart. It shall cure you." " Oil, if it conhl ! " cried .unit, dropping hor handkerchief. "AVliat medicine is it ?' "It is called the ' Elixir of Lifo aml Uni versal Fanacea;' This small bottle of medicine which 1 will give you," ho added, producing a littlo whilo vial filled with a lemon coloured, liquid, " is sufficient to euro any mortal disease,- and ' " It don't look much of it," interrupted aunt.: "My good lady, it -will last you .your, lifo liino. You may tuko' one-drop 011 rising iu tho horning, ono drop at noon, and ono drop before retiring at night. Continuo this course for a fortnight, then ono drop every other day until you aro cured will bo sufficient." , Pocketing his foo of two guineas tlio renowned Magnetic Healer bowed us out, my aunt clasping tho treasured bottlo. " What a mercy I went to liim!" sho cried. "If ho had but como here a few years ago ! What do you think of him, Maria ' Now, tho truth was I did not think much of him. My impression was I10 had been fit to burst out laughing all tho time, but it would not do to say so. "If it cures you, Aunt Mona, it will be a good thing." Unclo Buttcrfield took an opportunity of tast ing tlio " Elixir," and privately assured his friends, amid bursts of laughter, that lie could testify to tho truth of its being Elixir — Pare goric Elixir, much diluted and flavoured — but that and nothing else. But now a dire misfortune befel tho golden remedy. Somo fow days later, Johnny, tho youngest of tho littlo ones, aged seven, saw tlio vial on his mother's dressing tablo, got hold of it, nnd drank tlio vvliolo at a drauglii. No evil ensued to Johnny, but his mother was frightfully put out, and Johnny got a whipping. This wonderful Elixir could not have failed to euro lior, and now it was gono ! Tho great' Magnetic Healer was also gono, which made not patronised him as ho might have expected, 'considering tlio wonderful announcement bills, and lio had packed up his traps niul started, j the good genius that presides ovor the interests of travelling quack doctors alono know whoro. | For tliroo days Aunt Muiia sat 011 tho hearthrug sobbing. | " It would havo boon the saving of my lifo. Ii see it ; I feel and know it. I had confidence in | 1 that Elixir. And it must bo next to a miraclo | that that wicked Johnny is not dead. I was so ' 'much better for tho few days I took ' it And , now I must boar tho return of all my old ail- I inonts, and die. Woe's me ' ' And tho old ailments did return, as Aunt Moua said, and sho. made lifo a burden to licr-: self and' overybody about her. 1 Upon the - morning .of ono of those perfect days — cloudless, serene, and balmy — which only 1 tlio month of J uno can bring to earth, I took my sowing, and started over to my Aunt -Menu's. ' Wo lived nearly half a milo distant, in tlio old Manor Houso. As I tripped lightly ovor green 1 meadows, past fragrant orchards and blooming ' gardens, laden with tlio porfumcs of "inccnso breathing Juno," I said to mysolf,: "Surely, , I upon such a day as this, even Aunt Mona must j bo well and happy." | All, vain delusion ! Tlio idea of health and happiness connocted with Aunt Mona was ! simply ridiculous. " Mamma is never happy ! ; unless sho, is perfectly -miserable, " said her . eldest daughter one day — saucy Kale -and no | : words of mino could better cxnress the stato of ! things. I Passing through tlio garden I found Louisa j and Kate sitting under tho arbour of roses and : honey-suckles, shelling a dish of early green peas for dinner, and chatting and laughing very . j ; merrily. Phillis, the dairymaid, was churning I ! ill tho outhouso and keeping timo to tlio riso arid 1 fall of licr churn-dasher with thomost blitliesomo 1 of soft melodies. Tlio oat lay in tlio warm : sunshino, purring with satisfaction; tlio canary , chirruped gleefully in his cage, and littlo Johnny enmo running to meet 1110 with sparkling eyes and a merry laugh and a handful of Juno roses. I All this peace, - this -rural content, this bright I happiness, found an echo in my own heart. " Whero is your mistress?" I said to Sarah, who sat ill the best kitchen, for I had gone in tlio back way. " Groaning and moaning somowhorc about, as sho always is, Miss Maria," replied tho old nurse, who had livod with them for years and had a liabit of saying -what- she pleased/ ' In n: littlo room opcriing from the dining parlour I found Aunt Mona, an old .woollon shawl around her shoulders; and crouching dis consolately ovor the. grate, in which roared a firo moro befitting January- than Juno. " How do you do, aunt ?" I said. " Aro you any worse tliiui usual ?" Sho turuod towards 1110 a face of despair and woo. Roally it was enough to give 0110 tlio blues ' only to look at it. "All, my dear, don't ask. I am misorablo." " But- what makes you so ?" - ; . Aunt Mona giivo a deep sigh, and bent ovor the fire again.: Oil tlio trivet stood a porcelain' saucepan, whoso contents sho was languidly stirring with a spoon. " Why, aunt, what are you doing there ? Is that a witch's cauldron 1" " It is a docoction of liorbs, to bo taken in wardly," meekly sighed she. " I got tho recipe from tho old horb doctor. I sent for hirii hero yostcrday, and ho gave it 1110. I am going to try it," she added resignedly; " nncl if it does lio down and die." " Givo up modioinc, and arise and live," I | answorcd. " I firmly bcliove, aunt, that modi- j elite is killing ' you ; medicine and groaning to- ; gether." - j Tliis aroused Aunt Mona. " Marin, how can you talk so, .when nothing but mcdicino liasko'pt 1110 alive theso twenty years?" she oxclaimed, in ; righteous indignation. "You havo livod in spito of incdicinc, Aunt Mona, and because your constitution is so thoroughly good. Papa says ' " I don't want to hear what your papa- says, : Maria. Brothors always cliooso to be rude ; even when I was a child lio'd hurt my feelings. Ho is so healthy himself that ho lias 110 pity for 1110." ' : ' " You havo 110 pity for yoursolf; Aunt Mona! ! Who but you would sit over a fire this lovely Juno day ?" - I " 1' am cold, Maria." 1 "Get up then, aunt, and run about out of doors in tlio sunshine." j " It's cruel of you to talk so," she whined. I " How can I stir that awful spine in my back ! I I can stand it from your uncle— 110 talks : to 1110 so like your papa — but I can't from you. Men arc so hardhearted ! Don't- you ovor marry 0110 of tliem, Maria.'-' : Sho tapped her foot on the ground, and stirrod 011 and sighed. Chancing to look out at the window I saw Unclo Buttcrfield coming down tlio gardon path with that pretty, widow Mrs. Borrow, who was 0110 of aunt's groat friends, aud had -no; -pationee-. with her. Aunt looked up also. " There's your uncle, Maria, with that widow Borrow, as usual I If ho is settling up her husband's property it's 110 reason why she should bo running iiftor him always. , If I wasn't tho most unsuspocting woman on earth I should bo jealous. . But I shall not bo in tlio way long— that's ono comfort." ;> ; A burst of: clear,, ringing laughter at this 'momoiit roaoliod us. - It : was soon followed by that most comely woman's entrance, " fair, fat, and forty." As I stood by Aunt's Mona's sido, : rosy-clieeked, bright-eyed, in the exuberance , of health arid tho prime: of a beauty .which, timo bad improved rather' than impaired,, the con trast was too painful. I think :my unclo muBt liavo felt it, for lio sighed as lio turned away. " Mi's. Buttcrfield," said tlio widow, ill lior soft, musical voico— that ".excellent /thing in woiiian"— "I was hoping, upon this beautiful morning, to find you hotter. " Aunt Mori a gavono imincdiato reply, savo a glaiico. that was not a friondly one. It said as plainly as glanco could say, " You don't liopo anything of tlio sort ; you want.ino to dio and bo out of the way." " My wifo Booms to .bo growing worse," said ' Uncle "Butturfiold. "That two sovereign fco, paid to tlio groat magnetic wliat-d'yo-call-him, a month ago, didn't seem to do you much good, did it, Mona ? ' It had hotter liav'u boon put, in tlio church poor-box." "A kind, loving husband ought not to speak of money paid to roliovo tlio, sufferings, and_ to savo the lifo. of his poor, dying wifo," replied Aunt Mona reproachfully. " You know that Joiiiiuy; dreadful child, drank the elixir up. But 1 shall not he a trouble or expense to yon, long, Thomas. I fool' Hint my days are num bered." . . ,Y 1 ' Tlioy linvn.boon numbered over since I knew ynu." smiled uncle. I' The dnys of- nil of us are, for that matter." His wifo did not condescend to notice tlio words. Every now and then she had theso mournful fils and likud to talk thorn out. .: "Arid when I ani gone,. 'Thonuis,. you can marry some strong, healthy woinau, . whose, ail monts won't troublo!you. One that's got monoy, too," slio added, significantly and spitefully. " Yes, money to make up for all you've had to pay for mo." "I am glad to see you in so desirablo a framo of mind," said Mrs. Borrow, laughing inorrily. " You show a truly noble, unselfish nature in ;providing, even before your death, for your hus- bnnd's second niarriago." "Now, Carolina Borrow, I think you had better not say more," spoke aunt. " I know how unfcoling you can. bo. . It is not tlio first timo you havo inado gamo of my illness. As to -you, Thomas, you can bo looking out for somo- body to replace 111c. I and my sufferings will soon bo released from tliis world of troublo." " Havo you any particular person in view?" asked unclo gravoly, " any ono you would liko as a mother to your children ? Of courso I should havo to think a littlo of tliem iu choosing a second wife." I don't much think Aunt Mona expected tiio ready acquiescence ; sho looked ' startled. Mrs. Borrow ran out to Kato and Louisa, who were coming in with tho basin of peas, and unclo fol lowed her. "Presently tho two girls camo in. j Aunt Mona was then growing hysterical. 1 " Listen, children," she cried — and proceeded j to tell them what had passed. ' You seo your . father is so anxious 011 your account," sho added sarcastically, " that lie can't even wait for ino to dio before providing you a stepmother. I will let you cliooso. How would you . liko Mrs. "Rnrrmv. " Very much indeed," said Kate. "I think she is just as -good and sweet and pretty as sho can bo !" crietl Louisa. "Manuna, I like Mrs. Borrow almost as well as I liko you. But I suppose this is all nonsonco," broke oil' tho girl, laughing. "To tell you tlio truth, Mona," interposed riiy uncle, who had again como in, " I liavo thought of Caroline Beriw. It is impossible to keep such ideas away when ono's wifo-is in your stato of health," lie added with deprecation. " Sho would make a most excellent stepmother." "Yes, I seo you havo boon thinking of her," returned Mona, rising: from her, chair in a fever of hysterical anger. " You liavo got your plans well laid out, husband, and : you havo infected tho children with tliem. Oh, that I should live to bo insulted liko this ! Marin, you riro a witness to it. It is cruel, cruel ! And I will livo a hundred years if I can, just to spito you." : With tho tears streaming dowii her still pretty fnco Aunt Mona, leaving licr decoction of herbs to its fate, sailed away. I felt most uncomfort able.- Tho young girls must liavo been jesting, but for tlio first timo I thought my unclo heart less. Mrs. Borrow, standing now outsido tho open window, had partly heard what passed. " Mona only told mo yosterday that she could not livo a week," quoth she. I ' Sho kissed 1110. last Sunday when I was going to church, : nnd said sho should not livo to seo another," spake uncle. "Yes, and sho has not yet bought us now dresses or lints or ribbons.thiasuinincr," chimed I in Kato. "Sho, said it would ho useless, wo should so soon liavo to go into mourning for her. : It is too bad for mamma to bo so melancholy." " And now sho is going to livo a hundred I years," sighed Mrs. Borrow, in anything but a i plcasurablo tono. " But I must wish you all good morning. I have not ordered my dinner at homo yet." " Unclo Buttorfield," I said, fueling indignant, as the echo of her light footsteps sounded on the path and tho two girls ran after her, " I — I have 110 right, I know, to speak so, but do you not think you aro heartless to Aunt Mona — un fcoling." _ " I am sorry for it if I am," replied my unclo, but I'm only taking your aunt at lior word. For y oars she lias been tolling 111c sho was going to dio and that I had better bo looking out for a second wifo. I don't see that I could cliooso a nicer one tlnin Mrs. Borrow." "Has she bewitched you, Uncle Buttorfield?" " I don't think so, my lass. All tho world recognises her- for a delightful woman. Tho children must havo a mother if their own is taken from them. What should I do without a wifo in a house like this ? As to planning out beforehand, you must thank your aunt for that." ' Ho sot off down tho gardon with his long strides to ovcrtako Mrs. Borrow. Sending the girls hack, ho accompanied her homo. I could havo beaton them both. , ; Up stairs ran I, somohow not caring to faco tho girls, to Aunt Mona's room, expecting to find hor drowned in hystorical tears and sorely in need of consolation. Not a hit of it. Sho satboforo a 'mirror, arranging her still abundant and. beautiful hair, which during theso years of illncBS, real or imaginary, sho had worn plainly tucked undor a cap. There was a fire in her oyo, a flush upon hor cheek, and a look of deter mination in her faco, which augured anything hut well for tho prospects of Widow Borrow, i "I've hoard ovcry word you havo been saying below," sho cxclaimod, - glancing at tho open ' window.: "I thank you for taking my part, Maria. . Ynll sonm t:n in tlio nnlv friend T liavn. Tlio idea of that moan, low-lived, contemptible Widow Borrow being hero in my placo, and tho mothor of my children ! If I ' were dead and buried, and she camo as Thomas' wife, I'd rise from my gravo and haunt her. But I'm not- -dead yet ; 110, and I don't intend' to bo whilo that miscrablo jado walks tlio earth. I supposo she paints and powders to mnko herself look young and fair, for she's every day as old as I am, arid when wo woro girls together sho was not half as liandsoriio as I was. Mark you that, Maria." ' . "Sho does not paint or uso powder, aunt; I am sure of that, though sho does look so fresh and young." "Sho is oight-and-thirty this summer, rind slio i docs not look oight-and-twenty," snapped Aunt Mona. " And I, with my years of suft'er- iug, look ciglit-aiul-forty." "Yes, aunt, arid your porpctual sufferings have brought 011 tho look of age. If I were you I'd throw thorn off and grow young again. You might if you would. I remember how fresh and pretty you used to be, and how proud Unclo Thomas was of you." " I will be so.again, ' cried aunt resolutely, in an aeecss of temper, " if it's only to disappoint that upstart woman, I'll throw off all my ailments, though I dio in tho effort, and bo as young as she is." "Aunt — Aunt Mona — I want to ask you not to ho offended at somo plain truths I am going to tell you. Your illness, during nil theso years, has been more imaginary than real; your natural nervousness has rendered you an easy prey to quack doctors and' patent lnodioino ven dors; who havo had 110 regard to your health, but only to your husband's money. You liavo 1 givon way to your fancies and gono about liko an old woman, tho greatest figure imaginable. | Look at your gown this morning ; look at the - cap you have now put off ! You might bo woll - if you would." | " Porhaps, after all, old Stafford may ho right when ho tells 1110 1 havo no organic disease," said she, sadly. , ' " Yes, indeed ho is, and now I want you to promise ino never to tako another drop of medicine' unless proscribed by him." PI: never will." "And oil, Aunt Mona, try- to ho cheerful and to iriako home a happy placo for your husband arid children. Think, how terriblo it would bo to lose tlioir love." ' " It seo'ms to mo that I liavo lost their lovo," was tlio despairing reply.. "No, I hope not; 'lio indeed, Aunt Mona. Tlioy aro just a little tired of your constant com plainings, and I must'say I don't wonder at it. Evon tlio sorvants aro tired. Think how long it is sinco you had a cheerful' word upon your lips or a smilo upon your faco ! If you would only he tho loving wifo aud mother again, tilings would come right. " All tlio same, Maria, yoii cannot deny that Carol ino Borrow lias turned out a deceitful crocodilo. Think of hor display of friendship for me,- up to this very1 morning! Thiuk of lior 'sotting lior ugly widow's cap at your uncle before I am dead!" ; " But you know, aunt, you liavo boon as good as dead — in speech. Telling tliem, week in, week, out, that you shall be in your coffin Hie next." " Well, child," she said, rnllier faintly, " I have been ill ; I have suffered." " Put your sufferings off, aunt ; you can, I say, if you .like, and circumvent— pardon the word — tlio widow and her cap-setting. Think how much you owe to God for all the many blessings lie has showered down upon you — and how uugraluful it is to return Him nothing hut rcpiuings." . \- Aunt: Mona, brushing out her still beautiful hair, paused. A flush stolo ovor her faco. " I never thought of it in that light, Maria," slio softly said. "I will think of it ; I will try." . And slio began forthwith. That very ovening slio dressed herself up and won't to tho penny reading concert, taking Kato and Louisa. Uncle Buttcrflcld was there, sitting besido Mrs. Borrow. My mother, all unconscious of the treason, crossed tho room to sit with them ; I wont to Aunt Mona. Wo all wont home together as far as our sovoral ways led us, and though unclo did seo tho widow homo aunt did not begin moaning again. How wonderfully from that timo lior appear ance and manner changed you would hardly bo- liovc. Slio grow young again ; slio grow cheer ful. Cheerful and more cheerful day by day. Her dress was studied; her servants, house hold, nnd children were actively cared for. Sho took to visit again, antl to go to church on Sun days ; she invited friends to littlo parties at home. Tho pills and licrbs, and physics and do- coctions, wore pitchod away, and tho bottlessokl by old Sarah. Unclo Thomas was charmingly sunny-tempered in tho house, as lio always had boon ; hut lio did not givo up his visits to tho Widow Borrow. . "But ho will in timo, Maria," said aunt pri vately to 1110, a world; of conlidont hopo in her' voico. " Only yostorday lio smoothed my hair , down with his gentlo hand, niul said I looked as - young and pretty in his oyes 113 I did tho day wo woro married." I " Yes, aunt, you aro winning him back, you seo. I knew it would bo so." " And 0I1, child, I am so much happior than I used to bo, with all my pains and my nerves and my loivncss of spirits gono 1" It was a month or two aftor this, all things having been going 011 in tho nicest possible way, that Mrs. Borrow ono cold morning, for Deeembor had como in, presented herself in ' Aunt Mona's parlour, a smilo 011 her over pleasant face. I was there, helping aunt with , tho things intondod for tho Christmas troe. She I had not had a treo for years. Not boon "able" i to havo ono, slio used to say. Uncle Thomas had told her laughingly this yoar not to spare tho money ovor it. ! Mrs. Borrow, coming in, I say, with lior bright faco, wont straight up to aunt and kissed her. Aunt Mona did colour a littlo at that. " I am como to ask you to my houso for tho Gtli of January," sho said. " You, Mona, and your husband and.thc two girls. Your mamma lias already lior invitation, Maria, and yours too," sho addod, nodding at 1110. " Is it a tea party ?" questioned Aunt Mona, stiffly. " No ; a breakfast. And I liopo you will attend 1110 to church boforohand — and see 1110 married." ' Married !" I cried, staring at hor. " Yes, my dcai% I liavo been ongagod those many months past," slio answorcd with equan imity. " It is to my cousin Stanton— a vory distant cousin as you know. Wo should havo bcon married before but for that business which took him to Spain. And whonlio got tlioro lie found ho was obligod to go 011 to Valparaiso. Thoro I10 was dotaincd again! Altogether it is nearly six months since ho loft England, but ho is back now." " And -you havo been ongagod to marry him all that whilo!" gasped aunt, in hor sur prise. " All that while, and longor. Sinco last April. Your husband has known it from tho first. " Oh, Caroline !" "And 'has boon transacting, all kinds of busi-: ncss for us both preparatory to the marriage. " Why did you not tell 1110 ?" Caroline Berrow laughed. : . "Then — was that— that iionsonso that you and Thomas talkod togqtlior— about— about your succoding 1110 a joko I" " Why, of courso it was, you silly thing. . As if your husband could havo cured for 1110 or I for him— in that way. Ho lias never cared,, lie novcr will caro, for any ono buthis wife, Mona." Aunt Mona burst into happy /tours, niid put her faco down upon her old friend's nook to sob them away. We all wont. to tho wedding 011 tho Oth, and Uncle. Buttcrfield, 'looking so bright and Bunny, gave the brido away. But lioither of them told Aunt Mona what I learnod— that tho plot was concocted botweon thoiri to bring lior to hor senses. ' . . , And it did it,, as you havo soon. And there novcr was a woman liioro froo from " nerves " and imaginary aches and pains than Aunt Mona is now. ' I thank God for it every day of my life, Maria," sho whispers to me sometimes. And I think wo all do.-— A'cie Yin 7; Herald. BRITISH' AND FOREIGN J TEES. Her Majesty was by no moans pleased with Lord Bcaoonsficld 'for having informed her that the Conservatives woro so sure of a majority that there would ho no necessity for her speedy return to England.' His Lordship also wrote in tlio samo strain to many foreign statesmen. So ill-informod was Lord Beaoonsfiokl as to tho real feeling of tlio country, that when tlio dissolution of tlio lalo Parliament was announced ho conveyed to the' foreign Ambassadors hero an emphatic expression of his belief thattlio con stituencies would givo tho Government a large majority in tlio new Houso of Commons. Tliis furnishes the clue to tho confidence with which certain journals in Berlin and Vienna liavo pro- dieted that Lord Boaconsliold's appoal to the country would givo him a now lease of power. There is 110 doubt that Ministers were them selves the victims of as gross self-docoption as ever existed in the annals of human credulity. Lord Jolin Manners frankly confessed that lie and his colleagues had boon " stunned" by tho crushing defeat they have sustained. At least tho Government might have acted with a littlo mora knowledge of lirimaii nature, anil made duo allowanco for it3 lovo of change, most espe cially aftor bad times. Mr. Tom Holder, who lias just marriod tlio Duchess of Newcastle, is the son of a niucli- rcspoctod West-country rector. Ho formerly filled a clorkship in the Secretary's Department of tho Inland llovonuo at Somerset House. Whilo in this position his fine voico attracted attention, and Lord Dudley bofriandiug him, I10 throw up his appointment and went abroad and cultivated it, the result being his subsequent appoaranco 011 tlio lyrie stage. Ho made his debut some yours ago at Her Majosty's, and sang throughout ono season in company with Mdlle. Kellogg. ... By the knighthood conferred 011 her distin guished husband, Sir -Theodore Martin, the actress who was queen of tho; stage forty years ago, and is said to ho sixty-four years of age, and known as Helen Fauci t, is now Liuly Martin, and everybody rejoices at her good for- tuno. 'Miss Faucit wlion on tlio stage often dis played a keen sense of sarcasm, when sho was compellod to bo associated with duffors. On oiio occasion, sho hail a sigual revenge on an actor, 1 who, by virtue of his being lossoo of tho theatre, ! insisted 011 playing Romeo to flier Juliot. It ! was at Drury Lane. When Juliot had to ad- 1 dress Roinoo on the reason why : and wherefore | lie was Romeo, Helen Faucit could not resist tho temptation of placing the slightest nccont on tho personal pronoun, which was woll understood I by those who thought with her that- Mr. I Anderson was unfitted for tho character, Juliet said, " Oil, ltomoo, lloinoo, whoroforo art thou Romeo ?" Anderson novor repeated tlio charac ter of R011100 with such a Juliet. A signal proof has just boon afforded of tho opportunities which aro at tho disposal of tlio successful journalist in Franco. Tlio editor of the Oclial.i and the chief loader writer; M. Leon Say ami M. John Lcmoinno, havo just beuu respectively appointed to tho Fronoli Embassies «iiw1 in Kiuieo/ila TVT .IaIim T>niitnilllin is one of the most forciblo, accomplished, and impartial of French writers on European nffhirs. M. Leon Say, brilliant as ii' wrilor, isomiiient as an economist, is well-known in London, has bucu a guest at the animal dinner of tho Cobdun Oltib, and lias oxhibited in many ways a closo and sympathetic knowledge of tho English character and the English people. Hois, loo, singularly well fitted for the definite ivoric which there awaits liini in do— Hie negotiation iff the now Treaty of Comniurco bctwoon England and France. M. Loon Say is an onlighleiiod free trader, and hisprosenco hero will bo a guarantee that no attempt will bo mado by Franco to givo effect to a policy of protectionism. A movement is 011 foot ill England to start a homo postage of 0110 halfponny, an ocean penny postngo, a sixpenny telegraph service, and a universal money order syslcin. A committee is in courso of formation to. press the important questions 011 tho now Parliament, Tho Queen lias lately forwardod to Canada a couple of valuable gold watches, to' bo presented to tlio aide-de-camp and groom who were in attendance upon the Princess Louiso and tho Marquis of Lorno on tlio occasion of tho recent sleigh accident at Ottawa, and who rendered valuable assistance. The watches in cnch case boar an inscription, nnd it is Her Majesty's wish that tlioy should bo presented by tho Princess in porson. " Tho Russian Noicosli relates what it describes ns tlio narrow escape of Lady Dufferin froni a bear. Lord Dufforin had invited the Diplomatic Corps nnd a largo party to a hear hunt. Lady Dufferin nnd several ladies were present, and whilo tho sportsmen were trying to find tho hear it suddenly appeared and made a dash on Lady Dufferin's carriage. Happily ono of tlio Em bassy hastened up and riddled it with balls until it foil dead at Liidy Duffurin's.fcet. ' Tho outcry against strong drinks from some of tbo most eminont doctors and. scientific men scorns to be cxcrcising .a vcry. mnrkcd effect upon tlio liquor trado of Groat Britain. Last year tlio 1 consumption of wines, spirits, and beer showed a fnlling off to tho. oxtcnt of over £14,000,000 sterling, thus reducing the drink bill to nil amount bolow that of any year sinco 1871. Doubtless some of tlio docreaso is owing to tlio badness of tlio times, but it is not wholly nttributablo to this causo, as some - people havo suggested. If it was, tlio consumption of other tilings, such as tea and coffee, would also have shown a dooronso, but whilo intoxicating liquors fell off to tbo extent of !P8 per cent., tho con sumption of tea, coffee, and cocoa increased 2'3 -.pprcent., clearly proving that the -reduction 1 in tlio former case did not ariso from the crippled resources of tlio pooplo, but from a change in i their habits duo to tlio spread of, tcmpernnco truth, to tlio establishment of coffeo houses, and to improvements in the general legislation of tho country. , ' . ' j A horrible affair is reported from Hungary. A convict 23 years old, named Takacs, was hanged ! for tho murder of two women. After tlio oxecu- . tion ho was out down in tho usual manner by tho hangman, and the medical' man in: attendance- declared life extinct. Tlio body, however, when brought under tlio; influence of an electro- galvanic current by way of scientific experiment, showed signs of lifo. After a -fow hours, indeed, Takacs completely recovered, showing violenco towards his warders. : Ho. was delirious during tho night, nnd attacked his keepers. : lVhcn con scious lio complained of. foarful pain, and asked for milk and water. At daybreak he died, after: having lived 12 hours. Tlio' enso is being thoroughly investigated, ; ! " 1 It seems nearly certain that. the .great Edison olcctrio lamp, which was to solvo the question of electric lighting on a small scalo, is a failure. Of tho 200 lamps mado with tho now well-known horshoo-shaped Bristol board, only two. remain in existenco; all tho rest liavo been destroyed by tlio action of tho electric current.:' Tlio glass : around tho wires cracked; t.lio external air burst into tlio air-tight globe, ana tlio carbonised Bristol board was : immediately- consumed. Tho two which still - remain in tact liavo lasted well, 0110 of them having boon alight for seventeen hundred hours. From this fact Edison still maintains tlio success of tlio invention, although few people agree with him,, and tliey point to tho accumulation of fine black powder within tho glass bulb as a proof that carbon will volatiso ovon in a nearly perfect air vacuum, and assert that no.permanontly durable lamp of this class can ever bc porfectcd. Edison is now striving hard to, discover- some : other material from which to. obtain: carbon' that will last. All kinds of grasses and woods are sent to liini ' from all ; parts of tlio world,: and lie experimentalises with all. ' So far I10 is- best, although not entirely, < satisfied with Maiiilla Fibre, which, while ;it has a higher 'resist ance than paper, gives i s 'good a . light, and, is remarkably strong, oven; - arid: clasric when carbonised; , Lamps of this : material aro now burning, and with excellent ; results, yet no 0110 feels certain tlioy will last. 1 :In any 1 ease there is littlo likelihood of any general adoption of tho Edison lamp, unless poople are content to put up with many discomforts, ''Such as sudden extinctions of light, breakages; and so forth, : in exchange for what is, however, 1111 inestimable boon— groater purity of air .in a house— and which the use of thoclectriolightwould'cortainly ensure. . - . . ' ' A' pathetic story is told .in connection with the relief fund instituted by Her Graco tho Duchess of Marlborough. Two littlo boys, half-nakod, travol-stnined, and baro- footod,- souglit admis sion tho other day to tho- ciistlo, stating that tlioy had walked all tlio way from Skibboreen, county of Cork, to plead for help .to pay their father's rent. They wero brought into, Hor Grace's presence. Not in tlio least ahashod, tlioy told their story,- simple and pathetic. They were tho sons of Pat McCarthy; of Con- clugger, in tho parish of Cahavagli, near Skibborcon. He had a hit of land, but tho I times were so had he could, not pay the " lint," and ho owed £8. Having gono round among tho friends and neighbours, he could only scrapo together £0. What was to bo 'done to pay liis way? Tho two children, who have soon respec tively 12 and 14 summers, thought they wou d ask tlio good Duchess of Miirlborough to givo " Daddy " tho £2. Away they Btaftcd for Dublin, bogging : their food' and lodging, and: enquiring- tho way from town: to town. : Tho journey, upwards of 200 miles, occupied ,' threb. weeks ; their fortitude, and desire to Bond good neivB homo liovor forsook thaui: on tho road. - Touched with' tlio narrativo. Her Grace expressed compassion for their condition, and admiration of their filial affection, while .she gratified thoin to their) heart's content hy promising to send their father tho £2. The poor little.' follows seemed dumbfounded at' their .success. . Tlioy hardly knew, what to any.-, --At last , inuiito rever- 01) ee camo to tho rescue, and the elder of the two gavo tlioir native benediction, " God bless your ladyship.'.' They wero then, by cumniaiitl of Her Graco, taken to the clothes room;- and their tattered garments changed, for a ,now :suit of, tweed each.. Having been regaled with, a substantial dinner, they ' were brought before the ladies of tlio coiniiiittoo, . who, Boomed amused at tlioir mellifluous Cork accent, and rewarded tlio bravo adventurers .with '.a pocketful of silver. Too tired to /return homo that night, tho old retnirior, , the faithful Gee, had them comfortably quartered at ,a .lodging-, house near Kingsbridgo, ami noxt morning tlioy took their first rido in a train;, accomplishing In 'six hours a distance that', took thorn twenty-orio days to walk. On tho same, day Mr. Fitzgorald, assistant- secretary to Hor Greco's relief fund, j wrote to' .tlio Rev. J. Wall) parish priost, ac- quainting him that it was Her Greco's pleasure to send tho required amount to complete the : rent, and onclosing a Post Office order for £2, ' payable to McCarthy,- the father of tho boys. , : A despatch from Oeonoinowoc, Wis., reports that Rasmus Larker,. of -Waukesha county, ! was tarred and ' feathered there by a 1110b of j masked citizens. Larker had been tho lover of I ii Miss Forro, of that county, uiitil alio marriod 1 Albert Stiolow, of Milwaukee— it is alleged for his monoy. Aftor hor marriago sho kopt tip lior intimacy with Larker, and finally deserted, Stiolow, and; wont to live with Larker. This' aroused tlio wrath" of tho citizen, which cul minated in tho tarring and feathering. A murder is reported in Mason county, W. Va., 10 miles south of Gallipolis, Ohio. Jusss Arthur nnd William Rivy, who woro both under tlio influcnco of liquor, quarrelled at a danco about a young woman. Ray bared his breast and dared Arthur to shoot. Arthur did, whero- upon Ray shot twico, one ball striking Arthur in tho heart and the other in tho head. Ray is at largo, hut efforts aro making to capture liim. A Frenchman has invented ii photographic toll-tale, auapieti 10 1110 steering 01 snips, sheet of sonsitivo photographic paper is sot moving ill a dark closot under tho binnacle, and a ray of light shines through a liolo in the1 compass upon this paper. Tho more slcadytho steering the straiglitcr will bo tho photographic lino recorded upon tlio sensitive pa'por. Tho North .British Railway Company havo laid aside £120,000 to cover tlio loss by the Tay Bridgo disaster. Tho decrees on Hie religions. orders have been extended to tho French colonies. Tlio Jesuits hnvo establishments in/Bourbon and Madagascar, and other unauthorised orders aro also repre sented in tlio colonics. . A Vienna painter having recently .inserted in an historical picture tho head of an old man, which was greatly admired, the police applied to liim for the address of his model, and thus ar rested a notorious criminal of '07, who had been forbidden to rcsido in Vionnn. . 1 Considerable agitation has followed upon tlio determination of tho German Post Office to follow tho oxamplo set in England of stopping tlio delivery of letters on Sunday in Berlin and otlieV provincial towns, tho circulation of the Gcminn newspapers especially being seriously affected by tlio now arrangement. ' Sir Evelyn Wood lins procured, some twigs from tho Nnpoloon willow at St. Helena to plant on the spot whero the Frinco Imperial lost his life. This will ho a surprise for tho Empress 011 her reaching Zululand. ' Tho Russian executive polico report that during tlio month of February the damage caused by incendiary fires in tho various depart ments of Russia amounted to 1,043,175 roublos. The government of Porni suffered tho greatest loss,, viz., 318,093 roubles ; that of Volhynia, 74;815 roubles j and that of PbIiow, 72,331 roubles. . j Dr. Werner Siomcn's plan of an electric post appears to bo taken up by the Parisian postal administration. ' Electric telegraphy was recently superseded in that capital by a complete pneu matic post, but this, in turn is (tho Electrician understands) to givo way to an underground electric railway, oil- which diminutivo olcctrio locomotives will bowl along. Ono of these little engines will carry a load of 141b. , at tho rato of fifteen miles an hour. A startling surpriso, after tlio fashion of the story of "Ginovre," was experienced recently (states The Times) bv a naftv of Stvrian wood- cutters in tlio forest of Drommling. Thoy began tb'fcll a venerable oak, which thoy soon dis covered to bo quito liollow. Being half dccayod it speedily camo to the ground with a crash, disclosing a skeleton in excellent preservation. Evon tho boots, which came abovo tlio knee, wero almost perfect. ,By its sido was a powder- liorn, a porcelain pipo-bowl, nnd a silver . watch, 011 which was engraved tho name, "H. von KrackPwitz, 1812." Tho teeth wero perfect. ', It would seem to bo the' skeleton of aman b'otwoen ' -30 ancl 40 years, of ago. .It is conjectured' that, whilo engaged in hunting, ho climbed tho ' treo for somo purpose, and slipped incautiously into tho hollow trunk; from which tlioro was no release,' and ho probably diod of starvation, j That a millionaire should dio of, starvation is surely, says a contemporary, a strange freak of destiny.- About a fortnight ago an oldoaly gentleman, notorious for liis inisorly habits, was found dead on tho floor of, his garret iri. a cheap lodging-liouso of Duiiai, a small town 'in.Podolia. Ho had occupied tlio attic ill ; question for many yonrs, during which. timo .ho'had /never been; known to light a fire : in liia 'stdvc, dospito tlio torriblo cold of Russian winters. His- chief food was bread, which lio. purchased onco a week at a village several vcrsts distant from Dunni, in order to savo a ifow-copccks upon its prico ; and at long inter vals ho would rcgalo himsolf with a fow ounces df hog's liver," tho chciqiest moat in tlio public -riiarket, beef or mutton being, as lio was wont to declare, quito boyond his means. 'Nor, oven during :tiie long .waiter ovonmgs dul ho over burn candles or oil; as- ho " could not afford sueli luxuries." On searching liis room after his death; tho polico authorities found liiddon away undori'lieaps of- rag3 and valueless 1 rubbisn dvor: half a million of roubles, in coined gold, and securities to: an' oven larger amount. !fho postmortem examination to which his- body: was submitted proved - conclusively that' lio had. perished of sheer hunger, dissolution having beon hastened oil by extreme cold. ; Tiip ' attenuated corpso was frozen hard, and lio trace ; qf.j.hourishmont could -lie discovered in tlio I ;stomach or intcntiiics. Surrounded by treasures 1 that could havo procured for liini every imngiu- I ablo comfort and onjoyment. this, Btrango being chpso to die a painful and lingering dpnth'rfttlior: than spend a singlo coin of his vast hoards ill the .'commonest necessaries of life. It. would roquiro' almost suporluiuian effort; evon 011 the part of the! most tender-hearted philanthropist,, to drop a tear upon tlio grave of so monstrous nn.anomaly as this famished Harpagon. ' j Tho'German publishers' Journal lias/issued', statistics concerning f tho number, of periodical j 'publications .published iri tho world. Aboording to them tlio total number is about 23,000, of which Germany boasts tlio greatest' minibor, viz. , 3,778 ;. England, 2,609 ; Franco, 2,000 j; Italy, 1,220 ; Austria; 1,200 ; Russia, 500.! Asia ! produces 387 ; Africa, -50;: America,; 9,129 '; anil 'Australia, -100. ! : ! Gipsies enjoy an unenviable renown through; ) but the Orient for vongofulncss1 of ' disposi-! ; tion and ferocity of1 temper. Liko Blaek Brandon, tliey "-novcr fbrgivo an insultf," and their cruelty is only equalled 'by their pationce ! in waiting for a favourable- opportunity of squaring accounts with tlioso who may- liavo happened to givo them offence.' Only', the'1 other day a respectable old peasant farmor in ltouinelia, smitten by the charms'.' of a young gipsy girl belonging- to a tribo that had squatted in the neighbourhood of his I farm, induced the maiden to listen to his addresses, and finally obtained her consent to. bocomo his wife. Ho received sovoral warnings from sundry of her gipsy lovers, couched 111 ; threatening terms, but was so infatuated by lior 1 surprising beauty that lio disregarded these j monitions, and married lier. On liis weddiilg- night: a numbor of stalwart gipsy youths broko into his houso, seized him in : his bridal bed, bound liim to a plank, and doliboratoly sawed' him; in two, having previously strangled liis' lovolyyoiing: wifo before his oyes. -On tho same night tho, tribo 'struck, its; 'tents and deenmpod,' nor havo the authorities ns yot succeeded' in lay ing-hands1 upon tho porpotrators of this dia bolical- crimo.: - ' " 1 - 1 ') > j In the year 1879 duty was paid on 27,930,058 gallons of home-made spirits for consuihptidri iri the United Kingdom'.'as boverago only ; this is less by 1;422;004 ' gallons than tho quantity of 1878\. ' In 1 879 there were also' 9,540,851 proof gallons of foreign - spirits imported cntercd'for' homo consumption 111 the United Kiagdoni ; and this is less by 897,780 gallons' than.tho quantity in 1878; Iu 1879 thoro woro 14,945,093 gallons of foreign wino imported ";priterod. for homo cbn- siimptioii -in tlio United 'Kingdom,; 'arid, this is' leas' by 1,327,202 gallons, tliaii1 the quantity "in 1878\. Lastly, excise duty was1 charged in 1879 011 ; 49,935, 9201 bushels of' malt , for homo consumption (oxclu3ivo ; of iiin.lt for' distillation, duty froo), ami this is less by 7,323,4117 bushols than tlio quantity in 1878. i No 'irio'ro.: singular liibdo of. raising lnoiioy has oyer becii 1 .recorded" thaji .'this :— About , the middle of tlio oightooiith , cciitury two young, men, brothors, " loft England and, worit V to Jamaica. Tlioy wore by trade blacksmiths. . Finding shortly after their: arrival tlqit tlioy could do nothing without a littlo' ready 'monoy tb'begin with, but' that .with £00 or so tlioy might be able to make a fortuuo, they hit Upon tlio following ingenious cxpodient.. Ouo of them stripped tho other naked; shaved liim close, and blackened him from head to foot. He then took 'him to' one of tho slave dealers, who, after viewing . and approving, 'advanced £80 upon tlio hill of salo, and pluniod' him- Holf greatly upon the purchnso, supposing, him the finest negro in tho.wholo island. , Tho satno 'evening this " now-manufactured " negro mado his escapo to his brother, washed himself clean, and resumed his fonnor appearance. Rewards wcro in vnin offered ; pursuit was eluded, and discovery, by caro and precaution, rendored. impracticable. The brothors with tho monoy -thus obtained commonccd business, and actually returned to England, about tivonty years after, with ii fortuno of £20,000. Previous, liowovor, to tlioir dbparturo from tlio island, they waited upon tlio gontlcman of whom they had recoived the monoy, nnd recalling tho circumstanco of tho negro to his rccolloction, paid hiiii lioth principal nnd interest, with many thanks. Tho story was long woll-kiiowu aud attested in Jamaica.' ! Pcrhnps few stories of battlo - so thoroughly illustrate what wo are ploascd to consider, tho truo English spirit and wuy of . doing things , ns tlio little iucideut at a reconnaissance boforo tho bnlllo of Ulundi, of which Lord William .Boros- ford was the hero. Tho English wcro almost led into a torriblo trap, and discovered tlio danger only just in time. Thoy turned to re treat, and the Zulus pmirod in a volley which brought down tlio gallant,, gray liorso of a mounted infnntry-nian ; liis rider fell lioad-foro- most, Tlio correspondent of tho Standard was where there was most to bo soon. "I thought both man anil horse woro killed at first," I10 says ; " but tho former soon strugglod to bis feet, with , his faco covered with blood, ami dazed witli his fall. Lord. William. Borcsford, seeing what had happenod, pullpd up, and, in tho face of advancing host's and yelling savages within easy range, quietly trotted back, nnd told the man to mount behind him. With a cool courage scarcoly second to Lord William's, tho man refused, noble fellow that ho was, pre- ; ferring tho certain sacrifice of his own lifo to. tho probability of destroying his preserver. . Tho : reply was admirably torso nnd telling. The savages swarmed closer and cloqcr, . bullets rattled around thorn ; tlio two who lingered wero ... almost within reach of the assegais, and Lord ; William returned, 'Got up, or I'll punch your head 1' " Tho man obeyed, and preserver nnd ; prosorvod escaped. Tho right to wear an esquire's helmet , in . one's arms is co- extensive, romnrks a content- i porary, with tho right to bo described ns esquire ill a legal documont. As to tlioso who .come' ' within this category, they aro tho sons of all peors.iti their father's lifetime, tlio younger sons , of poors upon ithoir -father's death, tho oldest1' sons of tho younger sons of peers 1 arid1' their " oldest sons in perpetual succession ; ndbleiiioiP/' of nil nations ; all tho sons of bnronols . and th'o eldest sons of knights, ;persons crcatod esquires by patent, esquires of tho Bntli, barrislers-at- ;> law, justices of tho pence, nnd mayors (wliilff iri offlco or in tlio commission), nnd persons styled esquire in their patents, commissions, or appoint ments, such as sheriffs in counties and: - captains'- in the army and navy. Tlio possession;1 of Mo" amount of land will, Ujto facia, .entitle a mail .lo , bo described as osquiru ; it is a dignity which,.; 1 in a considerable proportion of/cases, is not even'.; transmissible. But of course everybody1 ' is "esquire nownilays. . ; ' 1,1 Dr. Schlioraann has written to tbo /editor, of/,/; tlto Gofos, stating that ho has finished tlio exca-'/,; vation of Troy, and that there! are remnants of ' , sovoral cities clonrly discernible underneath tlio;' ono immortalised by tho Grecian epic;! " 1 