THE EDUCATIONAL QUESTION IN THE UNITED STATES. Rev. Dr. Crook's Second Article on the School Problem in "Harper's Weekly. Prom the Old World let us now. pass over to the New, and briefly examine the situation at home. The enthusiasm for public education may be said to be native to the people of our country. No prouder symbol of our civilization was shown at the Paris Exhibition than the inscrintian in lamp, letters over the nelinnl department of the American exhibit : " Public instruction is free in all the States of the Union." French peasants and workmen gazed upon it, and took in its meaning with sympa thetic joy. It was an example set by the American republic to the republic of Franco. Our system originated with the Puritan, the most robust of Protestant Christians. It lias been from the beginning instinct with ; the spirit of religion, and yet it has been in tlie best sense Catholic. It has tried to educate in every child a sense of his direct responsibility to God, putting aside all ambition to make him the subject of a Church ; that is to say, the system has been Christian rather than Churchly, religious matters rather than ecclesiastical. It is not without its defects, but the people show themselves solicitous to provide for every defect a suitable remedy. The ' conviction, too, grows apace that the mere ability to read and write one's name is not education ; that a boy may learn the three E's, and yet add to them, as Miss Nightingale has said, a fourth 11— rascality ; that education, to be effectual, must be carried to the' degree which develops self-respect, honour, and the conservative instincts of tho good citizen. Against mobs and tramps we can put the schoolmaster ; against the destructive doctrines of Communism, the district library. Our Grants, our Shermans, and our Slieridans have been our saviours, and we owe them an incalculable debt of grati tude. The Grants; - the Shermans, and tho Sheridans of the next fifty years' will bo the leaders of public education. The armies now to be drilled are armies of boys and girls. We may as well bang -up the _s word. It has done its work, and let it havoits place of honour; the era of the slate, the blackboard and tho pen must now begin. But the old foe, the enemy of all light except that which is shut up in its own dark lantern, is here too. It might have been safely pre dicted that Americans could not go on and per fect their institutions without the "one only and true Church " coming and making a din. We might say to her, as we hear her moving under-ground, as Hamlet to his father's ghost! " Art thou there, Truepenny?" A few years ago the Church brought all her forces into line, and made a vehement assault upon our Public school system, and was worsted. Since then Uatholic leaders have avoided openly hostile demonstrations. Not that thay have retired from the contest ; ; far from it. Semper idem— always the same— is the Church's legend; her rest is but the rest of preparation for conflict, her repose but the silence of conspiracy. In his volume on Comparative Politics Mr. Edward A. Freeman dwells with a scholar's enthusiasm on the place of Kome in universal lu?;y- Eme, he tells us, "is the vast lake in which the earlier streams of human history lose themselves, and from which all the streams of later history flow forth." This is in a certain i6 iue 5iue ' tle Eternal City has dominated over both the ancient and the modern world. The secular empire lost, _ a spiritual'empire was won which now holds in subjection two hundred millions of mankind. But Mr. Freeman has not, noted tho fact that neither the elder nor the it m ever gaiuecl a complete victory over the Teutonic peoples. Not without reason have the Germans in recent years erected a statue on a mountain height to Arminius, the warrior chief who destroyed the legions of Varus. The German of to-day accepts the historic position, so long held by his people, of independence of Kome, or war against her claims. The English speaking race shows . in its life this character istic of the parent Teutonic stock. England always chafed under, the yoke of the papacy, and for us in the United States the, conflict was settled when Wolfe, on the plains near Quebec, wrested Canada and the valley of the Ohio from the French crown. From that day there has been little doubt of . the dedication of all of North America, with the exception of Mexico, to civil and religious liberty. Now we maintain that the coming here of a foreign corporate body, bent on making war upon a fundamental American institution, is a piece of effrontery without a parallel in modern history. The public school is just: as funda mental an institution as manhood suffrage or trial by jury. For the conflict on the continent of Europe there is the apology that the Church has had treaties with the States, which havo, to a greater _ or less extent, recognised her claimB as a national educator. We have never had such a treaty, have never admitted such claims, but have liberally given hospitality and home to the children of the Church, coming to us often in the direst poverty. We say nothing of the Catholic laity who are trying to build up their fortunes and are making good oitizens ; but we do affirm that the hierarchy in the United States have shown an unrelenting hostility to the public schools. From the time when Archbishop Hughes attacked the Public-school ' Society of New York city to the late pastoral of Bishop McClosky, of Louisville,, the spirit of tlm hierarchy has been the same. : To the com plaint _ so much made by the priests that Catholics are required to pay taxes for the maintenance of the public schools, there is the simple answer that they are as much bonnd to pay these as taxes for tho support of courts, of the police, and penal or reformatory institutions. The State has its traditions, its law of growth impressed upon it by its history, and these are not to be thrust aside at the bidding of the stranger or the newly made citizen. In dealing with the question of the public schools we need a more manly assertion of tho rights of the American commonwealth. Bishop McQuaid and his associates may try to make our system denominational ; the corporators of the Sisterhood of Gray Nuns to foist teachers bearing their certificates upon school- trustees ; intemperate Catholic journalists may prefer to see the youth of their .Church grow up thieves rather than that they should be' taught by the State, but none the less should the State execute its purpose to give at the cost;of the tax-payers a free unsectarian education to every child. Fortunately these schemes, whether open or hidden (and notably that of tho Gray Nuns), have failed ; their effeot is seen in the revision of State laws, and in the passage by the House of Representatives of the scbool amendment to the Constitution of the United States. The case of Father Scully is an illustration of the manner in which the Church can practice reserve and moderate the ardour of its servants. It. is said of Talleyrand that on one occasion, giving instructions to a French ambassador about to go abroad; finished by saying, "Above all things, no zeal." Zeal in a subordinate is sometimes embarrassing to his superior. Talley rand's mot .is the exact explanation of the difference between Archbishop Williams and Father Scully. Both agree in -' principle, but' Father Scully has a troublesome excess of zeal: The committee of tho -Cambridgeport congrega tion who waited on the archbishop were told that their priest's course throughout hadmet his unqualified approval. When his Grace found public opinion aroused he called his clergy together, and made to them a softened state ment, intended for the press. It does not vary as much as the breath of a hair from the doc trines of the syllabus of Pius IX. The public schools should bo shunted by good Catholics if a parish Jschool is within reach, and the priest may, at his discretion, withhold the sacraments from all who disobey. On the other side of tho globe the Australian Catholic bishops have just issued a joint pastoral of the same tenor. There is in it the same warning to slmn the public school, the same threat of withholding absolu tion from all parents who do not heed the warn ing Catholic New England and Catholic Australia speak simultaneously, and have but one voice. Thopraclo within manages both the puppets, though they be antipodal to each other. We cheerfully acknowledge Rome's ubiquity. "Well said, old mole ? canst work i' the earth so fast ?" Events in this' world have not always - a dramatic interest commensurate with - their importance. Tho landing of the Pilgrims on Plymouth Rock, and of William Penn at Chester, are in no way dramatic, yet they were the beginnings of a new era. Sadowa and Sedan have all the dements of overpowering interest which the historian need covet, and yet, con ceding vvhat they did in redistributing power in Europe, , they will be of less consequence than tho rescue of the public school throughout Christen dom from ecclesiastical control. The States aro learning to draw a distinction between the essentials, of Christianity, and its human admixtures. . Acting without formal concert, but . inspiring each other, they . are moving toward the same goal. Germany, France, Italy, Belgium,. Switzerland, have replied to the final word of the Church contained in the Byllabus, and that_ reply is the assertion of the funda mental right of the State to protect its own existence. The emancipation of mind will now oegin with the school life of tho child. Even in Catholic nations the school-house will no longer be chained to .the Chair of St. Peter. A century lived under such auspices will recreate Europe, i We confess that the legislation of the Swiss I confederation is to our mind a wise determina- oE some of the elements of the school problem. It is the work' of a people who are accustomed to draw, with a steady hand the line between liberty and ; authority. The State, say the Swiss, has a right to rule that there are some things which every child shall learn ; that these accluired up to a certain standard of proficiency as the minimum of preparation for citizenship. May not a State require that its own history shall bo learned by every child, and learned aright ? Already Catholics in the United States tell us that they cannot accept American history as it is taught in the public schools. Bo this as it may, it is the duty :of tho .American commonwealth to recognise in public school instruction the facts of its origin. The toils of the Pilgrims, the founding by tho Quakers of a city whose name is the synonym of religious toleration, the . filling of Central Pennsylvania with refugees from the German Palatinate, the guarantee . of freedom of con science — what are these but successive harvests from the seed sown by Martin Luther ? What, indeed, aro the English and American revolu tions but successive acts of the great drama of the Reformation ? . : Our :. history , can only be rightly read with: tlie light which is shed upon it from the pages of an open Bible, The State cannot falsify its past, cannot alter accomplished facts. Only as it is true to the, meaning of .its history can it dnd Bupport for patroitism, can it furnish inspiration to tho national enthusiasm; If wo are wise, wo will not forget where the sun rose which now. shines on us in its noonday brightness.. 