OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Friday, September 17. THE MONTENGRIN FRONTIRE- THE NAVAL REMONSTRATION- SERIOUS CRISIS. Not being able to forestall the submarine able, I can only write according to present ap- Maraoo**,whiah in relation toany other power bul TisjfcsywsuUfereboieaperilous crisis. "Aknan is a foot with a oinumbendibaa " says Coleridge •a apothegm which inostrates Turkish dipkt masy. It it wonderfully clever, but ends al Us* in talk/. It is impassible to fathom the depths of Turkish intrigue. Given a hall aomwatod sovereign, who has good intentions tat whose Ufa b at variance with nature, who has the matt extravagant ideas of Imperial pre rogative, and a t-'B 1""*"" ef resolution, what •We MB l? aspect r Sbm* is the Salts*, who is anted upon now by a parcel of intriguing women aad «aamm*; next by a comparatively strong ■ma, soon as Mshr*""" 1 Neiba ; and a few days sJtsr by asnppto skulking Dattorer suet as Little I^id (*s ha is called), who has bow so worked mattm* at the Sultan's palace as to haveouce boom got theappsr hand, though it is aot many iMMtha since the influence of Mr. Goschen Brought about his dismissal. Said Pasha is uo« Prima Minister, aad Abeddiu Pasha, fare Foreign Minn**, aad a thorough-going Albanian, has bow haw tashtararl. Well, that poor wretched veluetaary, Abdul Ahmed, has got or had the Idm that ha baa only to resist long, aad the Powers would soon fall to loggerheads. Bo he kaagna* on estoottragfaag the Albanian tribes— nai savages by the side of the Montenegrin*—U Mthttheamsioa ef Dulcigno. and the Powers weald he hsateu. First oae Turkish general hasbceaaeat te the ngioa aad then another. The latast is Rim Pasha, acd it is impossible to make out whether he is playing into the hands of the ajh—iin.or is in danger of being put to death by them, as have some of his ■wdaesssors. Bat be that as it may, • ■erssM crisis has arisen. Having •mated Ma Frankenstein, the Porte pro test* that it cannot ooutrol the monster. But tor more thaa a week the combined European ■qaadma hat been assembled at Bagoaa—an ■ asUiaa Adriatic port, bordering upon Dal «<gno,«adan Monday lost the fleet wat tardily joined by the French contingent, two ironclads, which took up their stations alongside the BrMsh issswls. and the crews exchanged cordial -itF*-***— w*tn OBr I*"""- The French Government do not like this enterprise at all, masaiy because is moat be earned oat in eon initoaoa with Germany. Yet ttey could not withdraw aad allow Turkey to see Oat die Baropnan concert was ataa oad; for as tbe MtpMifut fhuumse, aaj#, " If Fraaos declined to tako her part fat the collective action of tbe Powors terefsra toTorkey such a resolution would load to her having intentions attributed to bar which ia reality she does not entertain." The French admiral has, however, special in liaatiim*. The combined squadron is nomi naUy —asr the cossmsad of Admiral Beymoar, consisting of thirty vessels—Russian, French, German, Austrian, Italian, and English— nmanml by 7,900 men, about one-half marines, aad oscryiag Uo guns. It b said that the several officers in command of these vessel*, «coept those of Franco, have received identical tasttwofeKH?, empowering them "to carry oat ■Isks?l ilnlsj sin! ihiisHi hi may beneces sary to assist the Prince of Montenegro in takteg pnasmnimi of Duluigno, iaolading even fho ■■■iMlsty of a Bombardment should it be ■aaaaaty,* Bat no mm are to be landed from the ships. Prince Nikita will oe apstata with the Host of the five ft—l by mawthmg upon Dolcigao with a feno arfoomo MOO man with artillery, and on hmwrival tba aaval demonstration will take also*, that ia if the weather, wniefa is very stormy on the Adriatic coast at this season, will aatmtt. The most aatheatio account of the mrnal ■?t— i-- is tans described by the TWs eemsaeoadoat at Aasivari, who talsgiaphs on the loth oa follows:—-The Albanians, to the number of ayQOO ssoa, are mastud between Oalatgno aad a position oa the Masura range. suetaat about twelve miles, which to strongly aaaaaoked with a*c lines of earthworks con ssnisll by protracted way*. Those works it Matt ho eatto possible to bombard from the •eft. Aj?theatiD tofarmsaau places 10.000 Verkssh togalara aad Albanian volunteers at Maraaga, oa the Beaton road, under ttisa Pasha, ■o hsn bob battalions. Much disaffection exists •moat hm troops, who threaten to go over to the Aikoniana. Kin U playing false, taking ■a stops to proveot the onwipatiaa of all sssets?Ji eositioos by the Albanians All the lisMis-m snuaaoa Boyaaa aad this have iaioat the patty of lemtaiwa, while Prenk?ib flslal at Scutari indifferent or approv ing. Che Tarkmh troops at Dufcogao have been pieced under the oommano of oae Ibrahim Bey. Tan Turkish ausitinu at Mareoca to such that jtsm mjiaslisslly poweitass to act, and many of hi* regulars are patting on Albanian dress, a #eauao? practice m putt wars. I rode to the aeaaaaartlMof the Montenegrin army and mw Me Meetich. the osmmaador-ia- eW, who o?eeka trench f neatly. Ho has 6.000 men, six rat, oan those monatam mule atHmies. He wsstJag siisss from OettJaje. He expresses atceag •ouhts as to on amicable aottle msa*, aad ha* latetmiMw proving that the Tashu eomoy a otrcnf and impor awt psslttaa throe beam from Dulcigno." TolaamphinK a any later the same correspon dent save:—The eosamander-in-ohief. Bojo fwsisoiiia, wiU make a rnrnwiiaismmiii to-day towards Ungmu to ssssstsln the exact positioa ef the Albaaiaa ferae. It hi orgeat that the ; Huejw eaeaM aot any longer encourage tbe . idUhops that then wiU not be Moodehed. Tbe ami shot ated wiU opread the names of war along the eatau Moateaegrin frontier. The ■aaatemosoapiod at Hagura would, and does. Sanaa* it iipa—ihli for FMxovieh to oavanee. ia douH whiah be would leave his lett flutk ex pamd aad cat off his Botamnaiosttnui. His army OB?aethogJoatl/reinfutiscH.as there ore such deoMHsia at Tun aad elsewhere. Moreover, the Moatonatrina cannot remain exposed on the —iiatsias without teate nod •he dcain on the exchequer threatens astinnsl ti —*i i' j Thus everything taeili ■aam ato Tartash •ehomes and every hoar's anssy ht fraught with pariL The pontioa of the various admirals is altogether anomalous. Thmo an? ?U oainsfM on every question and no aaa asow* another his hand. All, however, aavo oaartaoaely placed themsolvm under Sir Bmanhamf Seymour, except the French eom asasdarTThe news that Said Pasha has bean sando Prime Minister b here deemed most omiaou«,as he to held to represent every anti ■mpjima smtimmt rai tir be gifted with afer tMtty « device for treachery and evasion. Tbe army hero to ia fine condition, eager to advance, aad evissmtly (mafines that the fleete are to apaiuti nftivoly, wnieh, however, v imprac tieahio. U?a«airs now stand Borope is stultified if Murtmiyn that smaU monntaia power, i. *Moy eomnatUd to gain once more by fighting j whet thograat nations stand pledged ahe shall iwjelvepeMmblo possession of. At the confer- ! earn waist was held t>day on board the Alecaadra It was decided to give immediate warning to tjbo coosuVgeoeral, Mr Green, and to tha broigu ooarab rauidsut is the Seotari aadlMtfsaodistricta to remove their families •itaoot farther delay to a place of safety. Whan tab he* been done the orders aader whtob the oomhlaed squadrons are acting wiU hcoarriodoatatonee. I am in a position to •sate that oartaia repronatstives of the Powers ham resosa mealed a blcokado of tbe Darda aattm hythoKumiaa fleet, aad of the Bosphoms i hy tha ecmhined squadrons. This news is well fttaaM. B asema that the now collective note of the Pawam was presented at Constantinople on WoasMsdny. Omnswiwing with a Baentkw «f the fatt that the three weeks' term of grace •ileaa*** tb* Uerto tooampiy with the d« a*aad* ef the Powors in referenoa to the Monto aaasa tmatiar ouostioa bat already elapsed visaeetTarkoyharfag oompiied with the de a ad*W<i«mtiaa,the?Ow a « despatch, which ia iiaHiifishnfl for its brevity, simply proceeds to astJCf to the Porte that the combined float of the Puo «s will now mho action in the matter. Oa Monday next the arabiaed fleet will pro eaod to action, that is, enter the port of IWIoWoo if the Mootenegrins are feady. Bat I should ha by no means sur •rlsoist bason then the Albaaiaa resiatanoe Cad nHaamd. ualem indeed these wild tribes have got beyond the oontrol ef the Baltan,and aw rmolvod to panae their own independent aoliaj. What aMans tha eresent reoistanoa Vomtai that the Mootenegrin Prince proposed to akiaikin bis claim to Dinosch aad Gruda with a view to mako mstters smoother for the rert*. la making this ooocassioa he has de privod the Saltan of aH excuse for pleading that Ew head* ate tied by the Albaniaes. Waat assaa* pavthia i* that tho^regolar Torlush toevaL who atuaaything but waU affected, will sWart Biaarsoba with or without his oonni vaaat aad calls* with the Albanitas A de natah bant Vienna contains jartionlara of the iuoii'aalinas roooivod by the eommanden of Uie flaotot Becuaa from their respective Govern *!^- fSs chief command fatU to Vice- Tlnaiii Buy—nr. *he instructions to the YP, -i-tajttbir authorise nor prohibit the aasahnjdssoat of Duhagao. ahoaid theosntm g«nsy of a fcaalsiwlaiaut pressot itesif, the question will tie submitted to tba commanders to eauasit, amdor the presidency of tbe com bi-t*— *7 -*■'-* It Ustated that tbomean be no aimtina of a disembarkation. The eom annTi- will sMmunwi the Duteigao authorities to deliver the place to the Montenegrins, and it is understood that in the event of a refusal the Montenegrin forces assembled in the neighbor' hood will attack Dolcigno. A short delay maj be granted to enable the Turkish authorities to telegraph to Constantinople and receive direc tions from the Porte. Vice-Admiral Seymour will assume command on the 20th inst. The latest telegram from Constantinople states that at a council of the Turkish Ministers held yes terday Said Pacha, the new Premier, urged the necessity of surrendering Doloigno at any cost. AFGHAN ifiTAU. The news from thia distracted country is not now very exciting. The opportune arrival of General KoberU at g«i<uii>i. after his splendid march, and bis complete overthrow of Ayoub Khan, has made matters smooth in that region. One force has been detached to Kushk-i-Nakhud to bury the remains of the British who fell in that disastrous engagement,and General Huberts has himself gone to Pisbeen, where the climate is said to be better than it is at present at Kandahar, and where, it is sincerely to be hoped, his health will be completely restored. He retains of course the chief command of all the troops at and about Kandahar, Gtfierala Boss and Primrose commanding respectively die Bengal and Bombay Divisions under him. The 3rd Brigade of Bengal troops and jtbe Central India Hone accompanied General Roberta to Pisbeen, and will doubtless go oa tbenoo to India, the other brigades anxiously expecting the order to follow. The Kandahar Valley, rwhaa it i« in grain, h clearly unable to enpport for long the 30,000 troops now occupy ing it; and necessity, no less than policy, makes A desirable to reduce the number aa boob as possible. According to tbe same authority Ayoub Khan has gone to Herat with a small following, but it is thought he will find the gates closed against him. He is without money, and will probably seek an asylum at Meshed. An other correspondent, however, remarks that there at ao infermattoa whatever at to what has become of Ayoub'a cavalry aad *?pi" infantry. It is certain that very few were engaged in the battle, and none were seen in the pursuit. The direction in which they nave gone,and the time at which they quitted his camp, are alike a complete mystery. Tne Times correspondent gives evidence to show how opportune was the arrival of General Roberts at gmitahm- The four weeks of siege, following the defeat of General Burrows in the open field, had told upon the spirits of the garrison. The men were anxious and depressed, they had no cheer ful greeting for their new comrades, little hope that tha aaceor which had reached them would avail to tar* the tide of affairs. A vision of feroeiooa Gfaaais, with their homes fed on raw meat and breathing are from their nostrils, was still fresh before the mind* of tbe native troops, and left ao room for other thoughts. It was with stories of these invincible horsemen that Sir Frederick Boberte's troops were entertained daring the short rest granted them before they were Jod oat tothoatteek. A poor reception this; but the new troops wear, fortunately, not of a calibre to be thus frightened off from their work. What that work was, and how it was done, v now a thrice told tale. Mot until the victory had been gained, and until Ayoub Knan's terrible soldiers bad been met and overmatched and routed, did Kan dahar begin to breathe freely and to believe hi its own deliverance. The correspondent's letter gives a ourioua eonttost between Kandahar as it now is and as Sir Frederick Keberte found it. The clouds have now been cleared away which hong dark and, thick over the city. There are traces of the siege in the withered trees and gardens which perished when thu water supply was cut off. But the destroyer is there no longer. The oouatii oa ail sides is in the occupation of the British troops. Bat it is dear that the change came none too soon, and that it is very well that Kandahar was not left much longer, with its discouraged and demoralised garrison, to carry on aa unaided resistance. Tbe writer contrasts Kaadahsr unfavorably with Oabul. the former being very hot and unhealthy. This is a point that cannot be left out of consideration ia the ultimate dispmsl of the city. A keen con troversy is going on in our daily papers on the subject, and it seems to me that the weight of evidence it overwhelm iwrly in favor of our withdrawal. That will probably be tbe decision of tbe Govern meat, though probably our troops will retain possession of Kandahar tUI Christmas or the spring. The final arrangements with Abdur rahman have yet to be made. Our Oabul army has now threaded the Khyber Pass without ■slwslstim, aad all accounts from Cabul indi cate that the new Ameer is consolidating hit power, and is exoaedingty well-affected to the Indian Government, by which he baa been plaoed | in his present position. last week I wo* thinking of sending you a long, remarkable, and graphic description of the terrible conflict at Kuahk- i-Nakhnd which ap peared in the Monumg Advertiser, and was said to have been sent over by an officer encaged in the encounter and tbe disastrous retreat. But the curious thing was that no other news of any kind had appeared in any other paper, and there seemed to be a doubt whether such do tailed Dews oooM have been received. My sus picions on the subject have been confirmed. The incomparably well-told story was a forgery concocted in London. After a few days a correspondent of the Time* drew attention to tbe fact that a part of one letter is an almost •rrfrafuaeopy of that which appeared in the Tiwut nearly a month ago, describing tbe battle of Ahmed Khol; on which one -Miles" explains that the two letters were written by the same person, who was present at both engagements, and that the extracts in question, got mixed up in transcribing them from his rough notes. Thb very lame plea is sufficiently disposed of by the fact that aot a single person of the force engaged at Ahmed Khel hadreturned to Kanda har, or oouM possibly have returned there, until Boberte's force arrived there the other day, and farther that no letter from ir«pdiK?* written after Bonows's defeat could possibly have reached England at the date thb hoax was pablUbed. Tbe soandaious feature of thb hoax was that tbe writer did not scruple to mention the various officers by name, and to describe their imaginary deeds and the way in which those who were killed met their deaths, tha* giving a wholly false account of tbe conduct of both officers aad men. Unfortunately the relatives of the deceased officers were in many cases im posed upon by these letters. A day or two since we ha 4 genuine accounts of what really took place in connection with this disastrous battle, and the still more disastrous retreat from Knahki-Nakud, the longest of which appealed in tbe Standard, which I append ■.— The account* which have been sent from Kan dahar of the events ef the battle of Kushk-i- Nakhod have been very incorrect; and, indeed, so groat was the confusion that prevailed on that day that even now the statements of those present differ very considerably from each other. The following account has been gathered from the narrative of several officers who were pre sent, and may be relied upon as giving a fair description of the event. Owing to the peremp tory orders of the Government of India against any rwwnnsissanw being made beyond the Hel muno, the most complete ignorance prevailed as to the enemy% strength and movements. The political information turned oat to be absolutely incorrect upon every occasion; the repora of •pies were wholly untrustworthy, as these were probably in the enemy's pay as well as in oars. Upon the other hand Ayoub was well informed of every thing that transpired ia our camp. Tbe retreat from the Helmund to Kusbk-i-Kakhud wss an advantageous movement, as it plaoed the twenty-six miles of desert country which lies upon tbe frontier in front of us iustead of be hind our force. Had we been defeated at Girbhk instead of Knshk- i-Nakhud, not an infantry soldier would have survived to tell tbe \ tale. The position was also advantageous, as it covered the road to Cabul as well as that to Kandahar. The spot chosen for the camp was, j however, radically bad. After the retreat to j Knshk-i-Nakhud, the country for fifteen miles around was daily patrolled by amall bodies of our cavalry. These were withdrawn on the night ia force. Some small skirmbbea ensued, cur tailing the extent of our patrolling ground. This was unfortunate, as a reconnaissance in force towards the Helmund would probably have disclosed the real strength of the army which was about to attack us. No move ment of the kind was, however, undertaken, and our force remained in entire ignorance of tiie approaching danger. In the meantime General Burrows was constantly urged from Kandahar to attack Ayoub'a force. Early in the morning of the 88th news came in that the enemy bad daring the night occupied the village of Maiwand, which lay three miles on our right front. The force was then ordered to advance from the position that they had previously occupied, to prevent any possible movement of the enemy towards Ghusnee, up to the Kutur Valley. At 6 o'clock the force marched oat, accompanied by 3,000 baggage ?«i?nm|« and six of the Wali's smooth-bore guns. The movement was not performed in good order, and much confusion prevailed. At 0 o'clock a body of the enemy's cavalry was encountered. They fell back upon seeing the advancing force. Two Horse Artillery guns set out in pursuit without receiving the general's orders, and these, upon passing a slight crest, found themselves sud denly confronting a great host, with a front sotue four miles in length. As the ground concealed our movements it waa still open to General Burrows to retreat on a better positio?, aad then to halt and resist the enemy's ; attack, or to take the initiative, and boldlj i attack the enemy with his infantry. He took ■ neither of these courses, bat trusting to his ■ superior arms he moved forward to the support > of the advanced goto, halted, and at halt-pant ' 10 opened a oannoiuide on the enemy. The ' latter were however out of range, and his guns i did cot reply. An advance was then made, and the artillery again opened fire. Their fire was however ineffective, and this fact gave confidence to the enemy's irregulars. The first gun was fired by the enemy at a quarter-past 11. A ter rific fire was now opened upon us, the enemy's guns being plaoed in commanding positions. Our infantry lay down and commenced firing at 800 yards, their fire telling very heavily upon the enemy. Our infantry did not suffer much from the effects of their artillery, but the casualties among the cavalry and baggage animals were very numerous. At 2 o'clock the combat became very severe. The Ghaeis sur rounded the force on all aides, and from both flanks our position was enfiladed ;by their guns. The 68ih pressed forward against the eueov, and drove back a determined charge of theGnazis. They, however, returned again and again to the charge with wonderful determination, though mown down by our musketry fire, and thre* themselves a word in hand upon our ranks. At this time, ammunition failing, four Horse Artil lery guns and the Wall's smooth bores w. re withdrawn from the front, aad as the Ghazis charged down again Jacob's Bines wavered aud broke; the Bombay Grenadiers followed suit, and even the 6tstb, pressed by overwhelming numbers, fell into confusion. The retreat now commenced, and after a ahort atand at our former camp we fell back from the field, still pressed by the enemy. The native troops had now became completely demoralised, many of them throwing away their rifles, but the remains of the 66th still preserved some sort of order. The cavalry made some charges, but seldom poshed them home in spile of the gallant leading of the European officers. The retreat •peedily became a rout, all order being lost, except when the enemy's cavalry charged down, when the men flew together to repulse them. Generals Barrows and Nuttal brougtt up the rear, and behaved withextreme gallantry, placing the wounded men upon the baggage animals which accompanied the retreating force. Happily the GhaiU did not long continue the pursuit, but the cavalry hong on the line of retreat for many miles. Unfortunately the road taken was without water, and the suffering* of the fugitives were awl uL Numbers fell and died from thirst. Someof the European troops, find ing rum kegs among the baggage, drank them selres semalasi. Alliufferediotensely. During the retreat five" smooth-bore guns were abandoned, the bones being ntterly exhausted. Two hun dred and fifty cavalry and the Horse Artillery arrived in Gandahar in good order. The rear guard reached oantoamenta at 2 o'clock on the following day. A disgraceful soeneot panic took place on the arrival of the fugitives, and there was gross mismanagement oa the part of the authorities. The cantonments and great stores of valuable property were hurredly aban doned, and the slightest rumor of Ghasis was sufficient to produce general consternation. The battle has demonstrated the utter on suitability of the present system of officering the Bombay army. Some of the regiments of this force are undoubtedly food, bat others are quite unfit to take the field, their discipline and physique being alnre bad. From the time when the Wall's troops matined, vacillation and dis agreement appear to have prevailed in Borrows'a camp. Those forerunner* of disaster, councils of war. were continually held, but nothing was ever decided, and matters drifted until the disaster occurred. A searching enquiry is called for, and this, if held, will effect much good, and the disaster may have the result of bringing to an end many evils which have too long been sapping the efficiency of our Indian army. Tbe &tau4;*rd, commenting on this account, says:—From the above account of the battle of Kbntbk-i-Nakhud, it is but too clear that General Burrow* was out-generalled as well as out-numbered, and that tbe British force was defeated not so much from tbe enormous supe riority in force of Ayoub's army as because they were plaoed ia a position in which deleat was almost a foregone conctusiao. The British general had had a week tocbooseand strengthen a position in which to give battle to an enemy; but at last the battle-field was a matter of chance, and was in fact a valley with all tbe surrounding hills in possession of the eoemy. As if even these disadvantages were not suffi cient, the artillery appears to have been sent into action without reserve ammunition, and at the most critical period of the day their fire ceased. After reading the account of tbe battle and of the retreat, the wonder is not that we were defeated, and that nearly half our force fell, but that even a man survived to tell the tale. It appears almost incredible that a general, in a country teeming with eminences, any one of which could have been seised aad held, should have suffered himself to be sur rounded and destroyed in a valley by a force which—although he may have been unaware of it* precise proportions-he most have known immensely exceeded his own, not only in in fantry but in artillery. Toe one sata'actory feature in this meUacholy affair is that it Is now clear tost the 08th fought with magnificent bravery, until the panic among the native regi ments left it standing alone, a weakened bat. tallion. against an army; and the fact that at last, the centre of a tremendous circle of artil lery &re;, alone among thousands of foes, it, too, lost its formation eaa be a matter of no surprise, and certainly of no shame. It is also dear that the first impression prodaoed by the news of the arrival of General Burrows at Kandahar, before bis army, was unfounded, and that he behaved with the greatest personal bravery in the action and ob tba retreat. THE OBHKK QUESTION. While this serious state of things obtains on the northern frontier of Albania, tbe more diffi cult problem of the Greek frontier remains ia abeyance. The award of the Powers, ratified by the decision of the recent conferanoe at Berlin, remains to be carried oat, and is much more difficult. A great part of Thessaly and Kpirus has been assigned to Greece, the population of which is mainly Hellenic, as already stated. Bat the Albanians have bean encouraged to take possession of the entire district, and tbe Turkish authorities are carrying out a policy of oppression and proscription at Janina aad else where. It is probable, if there be not a con flagration arising out of the Montenegrin fron tier, the Greek question will for a time remain in abeyance. Still the crisis most came, for collective Kucope cannot be set at naught in definitely. King George and his consort were i received with great distinction at Berlin last week by tbe Emperor William, a significant sign, and the Greeks nave now come to tbe conclusion that if they want this large extension of terri tory they must fight for it They are arming in earnest. The army of 20,000 is to be increased to 30,000, and ia being thoroughly drilled; horses have been ordered In Hungary, and Krupp's cannon aad guns from Sssen. What is required is not an army to meet the Turks, but a force adequate to overcome the Albanians, and this ft is hoped will be ready by next spring. The Copenhagen correspondent of the Stmmlard has ** tbe very .best authority" for stating that although toe Greek Government will, in aosor dance with the wishes of the Great Powers, avoid everything which might tend to force on a solution of the frontiei question, toe few winter months will te used to drill the army and the volunteers, and to strengthen the cadres of tbe army, and if early next spring tbe Porte should not have carried out f ally the decisions of tbe Berlin Congress, " theGreekGovernment cannot any longer guarantee that the Eastern question be aot reopened in its entirety, and the Great Powers must then take the oouMqueooas if a general European conflagration ensues." Meanwhile it may be worth while to quote the following, sent by tbe trustworthy corres pondent of the Daily Xewi at Constantinople, as to the recent change of Government, which would seem to indicate how near we are to that catastrophe which will either restore peace in the Bast or be the signal for even greater dis turbances:—The return of Said Pasha to office means that the Sultan's fear of Huron* has been overcome by a greater fear of Scid Pasha and the ring of his creatures, who Merit and receive the contempt of every decently respectable Turkish official. The troth cannot longer be disguised that toe Palace is determined to obstruct the execution of the wishes of Europe. The Sultan is surrounded by a clique of officials whose ignorance of European politics and of the force of unitod Europe- U probably as profound as that of the retainers of an ludian prince. The counsels of these men and women, whose only notion of polities is that of driving their enemies oat of office and getting their friends in, have prevailed. Said Pasha is thair leader. The influence of Mr. Goschen succeeded in.driving him from ofiico, but be has always been retained at the Palace, and has been the real wire-puller daring the last three mouths. The Palace has been and is playing a double game on the Alba nian question. Biza Pasha, notwithstanding telegramsjto the contrary, has resigned aud was not dismissed, refusing to play a double game which he did not understand. There can be be little doubt that the Sultan, who is sur rounded by Albanians, is encouraging them 'to resistance. The late Grand Vizier, with other Ministers who have some knowledge of tbe poli tical situation, wished Turkey to give way on the Montenegrin question, and the Sultaa con sented. Oa tiiis Said Pasha'saw bis way to a return to power, and, making use of his great Palace influence, frightened His Majesty into re sistance. VICTORLA.N MAGAZINES. The number of the Victorian Review for Ooto ber opaus with a series of short articles 01 the doctrine of the Atonement, written from various religions standpoints. The first, by th« Rev. Canon Handfield,of St. Peter's, Melbourne is an exposition of the orthodox opinion of the Anglican communion on the sub ject; the two succeeding are by minister! of the Presbyterian Ghurob, one being bj the Rev. William Henderson, of Ballarat, and the other by the JJev. Charles Strong, of Melbourne, the former sustaining more pre cisely than the latter the de6nition of the doc trine as given in the original Confession of Faith of the Scottish Church; the next is an exposition of the Human Catholic view of the dogma by the Eev. W. Kelly, 8.J., of Mel bourne; and the last discusses the ques tion from a layman's standpoint, and may presumably be regarded as unorthodox; it is written by Mr. George Bemerton, M.A. Bach and all of the articles, are able, and show a considerable amount of learu ing and research, that by Canon Hamertou being conspicuous in this latter respect. The subject is one, however, which, although doubt less of vital interest to theologians, can scarcely with propriety be discussed in a daily news paper. We can nevertheless commend the papers to our readers as being well worthy of thonghtful perusal. Mr. Higgins contributes an article entitled " The Dead Man's Grip on Land," in which he animadverts very strongly on die impolicy of the law permitting a testator so to tie up his laud that his offspring are un able to dispose of it, anl worse still, so as to render it unavailable for the liquidation of the debts of his children, while the income derived from it may serve to beep them in affluence ant of reach of their creditors. He further main tains that in many ca<es this right given by law to a testator to keep his grip after death ou his land often tends to prevent the land from being used to the but advantage, as the trustees in whose hands it is plsoed for the benefit of the tenant for life and his children have frequently no means of expending money on the improve ment of the soil. Mr. Higgins considers that as Australia has set the example to the mother country of simplifying the conveyance of real property by the system of registration of title, so it ought to set the example by abolishing the power of th« v dead hand." In an appreciative and pleasingly written article Mr. William Smith discuses the character of William Bhakeapeare, and in a fsw remarks on his biography vary rightly takes an opportunity of refuting many absurd statements that have long been popularly believed with respect to the poefs history; such for example as that he was oorapelled to leave Stratford be eaase be was aocused of deer- stealing. Mr. Smitb teases out what is known of Shakespeare's London career as a dramatist and an actor. A contemporary states he "acted exceedingly well," and among toe characters he played are mentioned those of the Ghost in « Hamlet," and Adam in "As you like it." As the writer points out, it U strange that so little is known of Shakespeare's life during what must have been the tenita of his fame, and he aooouats for it by arguing, with «n? show of reason, that he was a man who, apart from a small coterie, was personally but little known to the world of London of bis time. It must be remembered that in Shakespeare's days the actor ooeupied a position of comparative social degradation, which must necessarily have had a repellant effect on a mind so sensitive as that of Shake speare; and that auoh really was the ease v, as Mr. Smith points out, shown in some of the poet's sonnets where his inner mind m revealed. After his retirement from the stage with a com petent fortune, Shakespeare settled down on a small estate in his old home, and tbeautbor gives some interesting details of his life than. Mr. Smith* paper is a very attractive oue. Mr. Hamilton Bromby, of Tasmania, contributes another article in review of the late 4lr. Lewea*s History of Philosophy, which, like those chat have preceded it, shows that the author is pretty competent to deal with the subject. The present paper deals with the more Immediate disciples of Plato, chiefly as by right of Aristotle. Mr. Kotb. of Queensland, diseussee the subject of the influence of climate and soil on the development of the Anglo- Au?tralian races. He combats the idea put forward by some writers that as is the geological development of a country so is tbe biological development of the animal lite by which it is inhabited, and consequently that as in Australia the greater part of the soil eon ■ists of paleosoie rocks, which the history of the past proves to be inimioal to human de velopment, the Anglo- Saxon race in Australia must tend to degenerate. Mr. Both opposes this hypothesis with respect to race* living on paleozoic soil*, and cites instances to prove the contrary. Even, however, if such an hypothesis holds good with primitive races, be maintains that it is not so with men oow-s-day*. He also points out that in all probability when the geo logical survey of Australia is completed it will be found that the majority of the rock is not paleozoic, but either cretaceous or secondary. Mr. Both therefore maintains that there is not the slightest reason to suppose [ the Anglo-Saxon race is any risk of degene rating in Australia, but on theoootrary that it will tend rather to develop from the effect of its soil and climate. Mr. Vinoant Cavendish of New Zealand oontribntes an essay in defence of the views held by epbitnaliata. which does not contain anything on then- peculiar tenets that has not been said before. Mrs. Garter replies somewhat tartly to the stricture) pured on ber article on wage* in a forme r number of the Keview, and tbe editor contributes a paper on the recent sheep show iv Melbourne and the Australian wool trade, in whioh h e refers to tbe enterprise of Messrs. Ooldsbrough b Co. in eulogistic terms. Tbe?ev. W. Allen, of Oarlton, contributes a sonnet on tbe opening of the Me&oarne; Exhibition which is not vnpoetieai but is a sonnet only in name, the form being by no means orthodox. The usual ably written review of *• Contemporary Thought.'' as illus trated by the leading magazines of Europe and America, iwnelndns tbe number. The October number of the Utll-oume Rninc contains several vote-worthy articles. The anonymous author of the "Development of KeUgion in Europe" contribute* a continuation of his previous paper, in which he discusses the philosophic systems of tbe ancient Greeks aud Uomans from the time of Pythagoras and his followers to that of Deinocritus. He points out tbe gradual development of the Pythagorean idea that matter consisted of solid particles separated by a contiuuous subtile element, whioh was by them termed aptiren pheuma, the ooQtinuotu or infinite spirit, through the subse quent elaboration* of Leucippus aud others who were the first to formulate the idea of the exis tence of indivisible atoms or particles He re counts the various phraseology by which the Pythagoreans expressed tbeujmeaning of the ex istonoe of an "Infinite," who, by most mathe maticians of the older schools, was deemed iden tloal with the sphere of heaven, and then shows how •übsequently their idea became more per fectly formulated, and the Absurdities surround ing the system being laid aside, the philosophers gradually adopted the notion of a SapremeGod. Tbe writer also most interestingly traces out the origination of the ideas of the soul or life, and the lops or word as distinct from the mind or Supreme God at any rate in funotion. The decay of Polytheism is next referred to, and the gradual iunueuee of tbe new philosophy on it is pointed out; the writer maintaining that although the system of Demoeritus was not ostensibly oue in which the minor gods had no place they were a mere excrescence upon it, which it remained for his followers to lop off. The Key. M. Watson, 8 J.. contributes a readable article on St. Francis Xavier. in which, while be throws no new light upon the life of the great missionary, he at any rate pre senta the reader who may be ignorant of his career with • pleasantly, and of course sympa thetically, written account of it. Mr. A. M. Topp replies to tbe strictures passed by Mr. Fitohell ou his article in a previous number of the Renew, in whioh tte maintained the coming donunancyof the German race. Mr. Topp re iterates in a somewhat different form tbe argu ments employed in his previous essay. His belief ie, aud probably from his own point of view he finds some comfort in it, that the time is coming when England must so to ruin. Mr. Gladstone he regards as a mere oats paw iv the bauds of l'rinoe liis marck, and England as a nation he caohiders is fast drifting into a posi tion of danger, from which, opposed as she will be to an armed Europe ahe.will be unable to protect herself. Mr. Topp in fact foresees a rearrangement of the map not only of Europe, but of the world, in which • great Teutouio Empire will be predominant. He eoneludes by a somewhat bewildering refereuoe to the God of battles, who shakes from his hand the iron due of destiny; and altogether his paper con veys the idea that despite his ability the writer is affected by one of those peculiar crazes which characterise oertaiu schools of thinkers of the day, such as the Seoond- Adventists aud the Anglo-Israelites. Mr. B. T. Kuniss, of Adelaide, also Ufcee up the cudgels in bis own defence in reply to the Jttv. Canon MaoOuilag?'s attack on the article contributed to a farmer number of tbe Umea by Mr. Finuiss on "Jleligion aud Science." His present essay is more oarefully written, more temperately worded, more argu mentative, and hence more forcible than his pre vious one. His contention is thai we >vow little if anything of tbe founder of the Cbrutian re ligion or his doctrines, and that Christianity so called b a theosophic system, wrong in principle, whioh has gradually grown up as other religions systems have done, lie concludes his argument by maintaining that "civilization b the parent of Christianity. Civilization preceded Chris tianity, whioh itself, like all other systems of religion or government, has grown out of the wants of the race and developed itself ont of pre-exbtent conditions, under the influence of natural social forces which in all probability would have found other agents of progress during the evolution of civilization, had Chris tianity not established itself as a potent and living factor in the problem, acting in the right direction. Education of the young is now ceas ing to be its mission, and civil governments are brought face to face with the social and moral evils to which in the future they must devote that knowledge and thore energies which have in the past been occupied chiefly in the repres sion of crimes of violence and in supporting the interests of commerce. Natural instincts, the inheritance of life itself, cannot be forcibly re pressed ; but when found to act injuriously on the welfare of tbe race they most be regulated and modified by sound education in youth, and mild judicious legislation in countries like our own that boast of the highest attained civilization." Finally he maintains that " the Church of Christ in the fulness of its power knew thb by a sort ot instinct derived from observation since confirmed by modern science, and its governors claimed ac cordingly to direct the mind and conscience of Europe in infancy. But in antagonism to the truths of social development they pot the miads of their devotee* and slaves in fetters, and worked out the problem of spiritual dominion in blind ignorance and disregard of the true prin ciple of man's material welfare on earth." Mr. Pamell. in a paper on the •• Antarctic Kegiona," agitates the idee of an attempt to reach the southern pole, and urges that as Europe and America have done their share in the work of Arctic exploration it is tbe duty of Australasia tosendan expedition to thesouthem Arctic. The article b an interesting one, but so long as there b plenty of work for enterprise and capital in developing the yet imperfectly tried resources of the Australasian continent, tbe author's views are not likely to find many supporters. Mr. Wesley Caddy has some words of wisdom to say on the subject of the higher education of youth in the colony, that education which in Europe .follows the corrionltun ef school and college. He maintains, and with much truth, that the higher eduoatioiialaystem of tbe colo nies, which bat beat but an imitation of that of the old country, is not the one best adapted to our wants, and that it* tendency b not as i should bs to produce (an educated class of thinkers and statesmen, men in fact calculated to direct wisely tbe policy of a great country. In fact, as he only too clearly shows, a* matters stand at present; the imperfectly educated youth in'the colonies in after life not unfrequently has an advantage over the better educated, on account of the false system pursued in the training of the Utter. As he puts it—" If tbe heavily-handicapped Brown can, as he ao fre quently does, * beat' Smith in the highest con tests or citizenship—Parliamentary elections— there's something wrong about Smith's training. I believe Smith ought to, and could, beat Brown if he were properly trained; aad purpose filling the remaining page or two by pointing out to Smith how incomes about that he and his friends are gradually taking in national affairs, and even in matters of private culture, a seat farther and farther back. Smith* culture began at the wrong end. Instead of Smith'scrandjopportuniry being spent in lining kb head with the best literature of hb own countty and the most advanced views of modern writers and thinkers, and testing for himself, by mixing np among the common people, what their real sentiments are —instead of thb, Smith has been reading up ao much about x, and ao much about the verb tupto, and Ibtening to tbe vituperations of ob set against Brown, and find* when the time come* that neither x, not tupto. nor the vitu perations of bb club, counts for any thing in the contests ot these times." Hb contention, in fact, b that while our edu cational system may prepare the youth of our higher classes to be fair lawyers, doctors, or clergymen, it doe* not fit them to be men of tbe world and useful citixena. An anonymous writer contributes an in no way remarkable ode on the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition; and Mr.Patchell Martin appreciatively criticises the works of Mr. Bronton Stephens and Mr. Gordon. The usual critical notices, which consist of a review of " Victoria in 1660," and " Sheepbreeding," by Mr. G. A. Brown, conclude the number. 