Miscellaneous. Titers ere 10,131 newspapers published in the United States and Cauada, of which 899 are issued daily. The total circufotioii of ft single taue of these papers amounts to 20,667,538 copies* A Sad Message from the Ska.—A special riis|>atch from Rockport» Mus., says : " Capfc. Edward Millett on Monday afternoon picked up a bottle floating in the water, a1>out a mile | off this liarbor, which contained a leaf from a ! pocket memorandum book, on which was written, with great apparent haste, the fol lowing 1 April 17« 1880.—'Training ship Atalanta. We are sinking iu longitude 27, latitude 32. Any person finding this note will Slease advertise in the daily papers, J, L. Lutchins. Distress.'" Specifics for Drttnkenmc&s.; — Dr. W. Earle, of America, has been eraiuiniug the validity of the claim made in Chicago for cin chona as a spocific for tho cure of inebriety. , The result of Dr. Earle'e Investigation, says thsaJfew York 'Medital Fecord, is that the rjpflhfini inado more drunkards in j "the past year than any one liquor saloon. ] Gold in Ireland.—A wcll-detined gold- | reef has been discovered in Wicklow, and is probably the source from whence the grains and small naggette obtained by stream-wash- j ing some years ago (in 1864) was derived. i The peasant who has made the discovery has lived amongst the mountains ever Bince tho time of the gold ckcitement in Wicklow. He has now brought down some pieces of quartz with small lumps of gold embedded iu them, and says that he broke them off from large rocks of similar construction, which were exposed to view this spring by the falling of a mass of the superincumbent I strata. I? his account he trnc, and if he can ! be induced to point out the locality of his discovery, we may yet see a sudden change in the aspect of Irish affairs. Capital would at once be forthcoming to develop the mineral I resources of the country, and tne ownership 1 of land would become Invested with a new importance. A OHOBT story comes from Nagambie, and is told by the local paper as follows :—44 Persons visiting the railway station, and those who have had occasion to visit that locality at night, have been greatly frightened by seeing a*ghost' A few eveuings ago it appeared iiear the eud of the railway platform, and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet iu height, arrayed in pure white. The form was tbatof*fnmale with, as far as could be discerned, a deathlike face. It was noiseless iu its movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity. One of the porters» who has a considerable amount of courage, proceeded in the direction of the ap parition, and when within easy range fired at it, but, to his astouishmeut, after the emoke had cleared away he found the appa rition was quite close to biui. Ife wab per fectly terrified, and. dropping Iiis gun, made for his friends at lightning speed. One night last week, as the half-past nine öab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, was travelling along tho railway road towards the town, a short distance from the station, tho spectrum again appeared on tho hill side about CO yards from the oab, and as the conveyance pro ceeded, so did the figure. This frightened the passengers, and especially tho driver, so that he drove his horses at a furious pace, soon losing sight of the apparitiou. It is currently reported that the statioumaster has applied to be rcmovod.*1 An Elephant in the Sky.—One of the most remarkable phenomena evor soon in tho metropolis wus wituesBud yesterday evening («ays thu Evening Standard, July 2S), by the passengers ou the Goorgo Puabody river stuamer, just a« Big Ben of Westminster was on the point of striking 7 o'clock. This whs (he ap pearance of a huge white elephant in the sky making straight, as it soemed, for the Houses of Parliament. There wus some little doubt at first as to the precise character of the beast as it charged through the air head first in a direct line for the centre of Westminster Palace, as though its purpose was to sweep away tho halls nod parages whioh conneot the Commons House with the House of Lords. The appai i tion rapidly dosconded through the air, and «peculations were hasarded as to what it was. Men looked up and trembled, while timid women screamed "The end of the world is come, and wo are all loat 1" Tho captain of the G. P. kindly moored his boat to the pier to give those who desired it thechanco of escnping by way of Lambeth Palace. In an instant tho tnoiiBtur was close upon tho boat, and a chorus of j voiei* shouted "A white elephantV' Thuro i whs no longer any doubt about the fact. It was an clophant, whose trunk wns rapidly luoviüg from side to ride. With furiuut speed it pus«rd o*,*,r t'1*1 stern f>f the G.P., and dashed ir-'i fbi Ti.snro. T'i*- 1 r'-^hrd ' is Je xnd ]{i:\ioMN or the Hidle.—'Hi® Aihemrvm fuiiiipiu» (In* fallowing particular«»:—" "i he first i-ililiuii, t.* it may be railed, of I We rovi&cd; translation uf the New Testament muv be cx |t«a4jlccf in dm iititiirxn, and uluug with the Kn^» libit translation I wo ivcen»ioiit) of tin; <»reek teil »ill he i^uod bimullnneowdy ; the one will procerJ from the Clarendon, the other from the I »at. Piva«. These two text* will exhibit, u notnMti mid rather suggestiv« contrast iu I he different methods pursued in their construction. The O*ford text will represent the critical tpirit of the nineteenth century, which is eomcwhut prone to »eck new departures and to break with the pu»t. Accordingly the Claren don will publish the text which the revisioninls have found it neowary to frame lor themselves, after careful weighing and matureconsiderullion of all evidence for and against the reading* udoptcd. For tho behoof, however, of those weaker vessels who continue to have a super stitious veneration for the name of ltobert titephous and the Ureek used by the trciiislators of 10111 all passages in which the Oxford text departs from the received text will be iudicutej by foot-notes, and in these notes the raiding of the Textus Keceptus will be given. The Cam bridge text will, on tho contrary, be neither more nor lens than a reprint of tho Textus lie coptiis, with foot-notes giving the reading of tho revisionists. Professor Palmer is re sponsible for the Clarendon text, Dr. Srrivenrr for the other. His with regret that we hear it «aid that the form iu which ull Englishmen kuow, and most of them use, the Lord's Prayer is no louger to be the form which is to paaB ruiTcnt. We shall rejoice if the report, which is widely circulated, proves incorrect; a greater calamity than such a change as rumour declares to bo imminent would be difficult ut the present moment to imagine. Life is like a pack of cards. Childhood's, best curds ure heart*; youth is captured by diamonds ; middle age ib conquered by a club ; while old life is raked in by the insatiable tpudc A clergyman in Pittsburg lately married iv lady with whom ho received a substantial dowry of 10,000 dollars, and a fair prospoet for uiore. 80011 afterwards, while occupying tho pulpit, ho gave out a hyqm, read the first four stanxus, and was reading the fifth— For ever let my grateful heart His boaodless tftaoe adore - When lie hesitated and exclaimed," Ahem! The choir will omit the fifth verso," and eat down. Tho congregation, attracted by his ap parent confusion, read tho remaining lines— Which gives ten thousand blessings now, And bids ino hope for more. A Diet op Egos.—Considering the enor mous Quantities of eggs which are imported aunuaUy from Frauce into this country, it would seem not only that the business of tho poultry farming is better understood across the Chanel than it U here, but also that tho English are more fond than the French of this article of food. It is not uninteresting to have the opinion of * popular medical writer in France upon the merits and demerits of a diet of eggs. After explaining the chemical composition of ben's egg, and layiug due BtresB upon the large proportion of albuminous matter contained in it, Dr. Valourenx goes oa to assert that some prudence should bo exer» ciscd in indulging in an appetite for eggB. Of all the 000 different modes of preparing them for the table, the most wholesome is that of simply boiling them d la cog, as the French phrase bath it. • But it is necessary, even, in accepting this rtle, to qufaJify it py addiug that the egg should not be boiled to much, as iu such case it becomes very much less digest» able. Another, injunction is that the egg should not be eaten without taking some vine or other liquid at the same time ; and tho doctor recounts a story of a certain modcru Blue Beard who was said to have killed four or five wives successively by inducing them every morning to eat two eggs without drink» ing anything at all* Moreover, eggs are not to be devoured in large ^uantitiea at a time, unless the person making the experiment wishes to have a painful experience of tho maxim that an egg is equivalent to a quarter of a pound of meat. Apropos of this latter warning, the Frenchman might have added, if he had known it* a very modern Devonshire ! story of a Uborer who was'ordered by the village doator to eat eggs, and whose employer gave him a shilling to comply with these orders without going to any unwarrantable expense. A few days afterwards the good- natured em* ployer called to ask how the sufferer was. Ho had followed out the doctor's injunctions with alacrity, but, instead of being any better, was a great deal worse; and further inquiries elicited the fact tiiat he had bought eighteen eggs with his shilling, and had at ,once set to and finished them at a sitting. — Ladies' Journal. Anotiibr Use for Mateb.—A writer inono of the home papers, discussing the malt tax, says—" I think it will not pay farmers to grow barley to malt for cattle feoding purposes, when malt made from maize could be made st a much lower rate; and it is more than likely that malt made from maize will be adopted instead of that from barley for brewing purposes." The Manchester Evening' Is'cws gives nn account of the presebt state of Fenianism in Manchester. Twelve months eg0 there were 18 lodges with 1000 members, but now, owing to action of Ooman Catholio clergy, there are only five lodges and 250 members.. Delegates from America are expected over to revive the brother hood if possible. The harmony of married life depends almost entirely upon dinners. It is not the stato of the heart eo much as the condition of tho stomach which roakeB a man happy. It is bettor for a woman—rank heresy, we know— to be able to make ft cheerful home than to talk Greek. Before marriage the ability to sing divinely and to play impopsible music aro very attractive; tut when two people settle down to the steady work of loving each other for forty or fifty yearn, the kitchen inevitably omphastaos itself; and the changes of succcss are greater with a comely housewife than with an accomplished boauly, who knows everything except how to make the house attractive. TI10 domestic consequences are apt to be fearful when a wife koows so much that She enn toll the great uncle of Kosen, And the dates of the Wars of the Bones, And the reason of tilings—why the Indians wear rings In their red aboriginal noses— But doseo't know chiokcn from turkey. ' Sayh tho Mexican correspondent of the Prairie Farmer : " Mexican oats are a winter vaiiety that never rust, and 100 bushels per aere have been raised frequontly, weighing 3Glb. to 401b. por bushel. They havo almost super seded all other varieties here." Also : " Poarl millet grows very rank hero and furnishes several cuttings of coarse hay," The National Car Builder says that a loco" motive on tho Pennsylvania railroad made the fastest run on record a few evenings ago. It was ordeiod from the round-house to the scene of an accidont, and ran sixty miles in 46min. 8sec. This is at the rate of a trifle undor eighty miles an hour, and ib a very remarkable per formance. The Houso of Lords committoo has passnd tho preamble of a bill for tho construction of a Mibway, available for all kinds of traffio, vohicu* lur and passenger, under tho Mersey, so as to connect the towns of Liverpool and Birkenhead. The total longth will be one mile six furlongs, and the estimated capital required will be half-a-million. The weather prevailing lately in New South Wales has beeu similar to that of about fiO years ago, when there was a threo years' drought. A MAK who was in the receipt of the princely income of IBs per week, has won a sweep of £1000 on a Sydney race. The wrecks of tho Sorataead Eric tho Bed, on the Australian coast, will prove unfortunate I for tho Melbonrno Exhibition. Both vessels had large numbers of exhibits for the forth« coining Exhibition, and the latter vessel wbieh was from the United States, cnutainod Hbnut ont -third of the American exhibits. M'hilu the loss of these articles will bo unfortunHle, :t is satisfactory to learn that one or two other vHBSftln are on their way from America with cargoes uf exhibits, so that tho whole lot will nit bo entirely lost. 