[?] ? — :0: ? AN HISTORICAL FRAGMENT. By Sib C. G. Duffy. J The right of publishing ' Young Ireland' in this ony has been purchased by the proprietors of the Freeman's Journal.) ? CHAPTER IV. Jl BIED'8-EYE VIEW OF IKI8H HISTOBY. ( Continued .) While the submission of O'Neill was being completed James I. came to the throne. There was great joy in Ireland at tlie acces sion of the young Xing of Scots, for while he was still a pretender he had assiduously cul tivated the goodwill of the Irish, as a prince of their own Milesian stock, and the son of a queen who was reputed to have died a martyr for the Catholic faith. Now, it might be hoped, the nation would have fair play, at least, and even perhaps a gleam ot court favour. But his English councillors knew that he could scarce hold the English throne if he made concessions to Ireland, and one of his earliest acts was a proclamation announcing that liberty of conscience he could not grant. But though religious liberty must be refused, English law would be introduced to every part of the island, the sword be sheathed, and every man indiscriminately taken into the favour of the king's majestie.* In this happy era the Irish were destined to learn how much more destructive an instrument than the sword that was sheathed is the ink horn, when it is placed on the council-board to frame Acts of Parliament and Orders in Council. Though gallant adventurers could . no longer, in the language of the Pacata JSibernia, ' haro the killing of some Irish' as a morning's pastime, they might still, if they were skilful, enjoy much the same re creation, in the way of devising beneficial measures for the country. Before quitting the Middle Ages it will be \- instructive to note, that during the era of the Tudors, their agents in Dublin Castle habi tually practised arts which we are taught to associate exclusively with Italian nobles and Eastern despots. To cut off dangerous chiefs some were trapped by proffers of friendship and made prisoners for life ; some were poisoned with gifts of wine or food sent to them with profuse pledges of friendship ; others were slaughtered on their own hearths in the exercise of hospitality to their assas sins, and many were inveigled to public con ferences that they might be more con veniently murdered in batches. Not the Irish annals alone, but the State papers of the period supply conclusive evidence of this system, aiid of the official authority under which it was practised. It helped, doubtless, to stamp on tho native mind an ideal of Sassenach duplicity which Englishmen find revolting and incrcdible. In the transactions now to be briefly de scribed, and which form the foundations of our modern history, English writers in * Sir John Davis. It was at the opening of this new ora, that Sir John, then Afctornoy-Ofeneral, made tho conclusive admission regarding the pre vious govornment of tho country, quoted in a pro jsjoua note general are agreed that tho paramount nation exhibited singular wisdom and benevolence. Through constantly changing and troubled times they were always right ; right when tliey did in Ireland tho exact reverse of what they were accustomed to do at home ; right, by a singular good fortune, when they disregarded rules of [morality and justice, which elsewhere arc of permanent authority. Lord Bacon was of opinion that a large settlement of English husbandmen in Ireland. able to guard as well as to till the land, would help to secure the interest of the Crown ; the only question was where to plant them. O'Neill and Tyrconnell had proved dangerous adversaries: they possessed a fertile territory, and as their ' loose order of inheritance ' had been duly changed into ' an orderly succecsion,' they were quite ripe for confis cation. But they had been ostentatiously received into favour at the close of the late war, and some decent pretence for destroying them so soon was indispensable. It was found in a letter conveniently dropped in the pre cincts of Dublin Castle, disclosing a new conspiracy. Of a conspiracy there was not, then, and has not been since, discovered any evidence worth recording'; but where so noble a booty was to be distributed by the Crown, one can conceive how ill- timed and disloyal any doubt of their treason would have appeared at the Court of James, or the Lord Deputy. They were proclaimed traitors, and fled to the Continent to solicit aid from the Catholic powers.5* Without delay James and his coun sellors set to work. The king applied to the the City of London to take up the lands of the wild Irish. They were well watered, he assured them, plentifully supplied with fuel, with good store of all the necessaries for min's sustenance; and moreover yielded tim ber, hides, tallow, canvas, and cordage for the purposes of commerce. The Companies of Skinners, Fishmongers, Haberdashers, Vintners and the like thereupon became Ab sentee Proprietors and have drawn Irish rents from that day to this. Six counties in Ulster were confiscated, and not merely the chiefs, but the entire population dispossessed. The fruitful plains of Armagh, the rich pastoral glens that lie between the sheltering hills of Antrim, the undulating meadow lands stretching by the noble lakes and rivers of Fermanagh, passed from the race which had possessed them since before the redemption of mankind. It is not diffi cult to see in imagination the old race, broken by battle and suffering, and deprived by a trick of State of their hereditary chiefs, retiring slowly and with bitter hearts before the stranger. The alluvial lands were given to English courtiers whom the Scotch king found it necessary to placate, and to Scotch partisans whom he dared not reward in England. The peasants driven out of the tribal lands to burrow in the hills or bogs were not treated according to any law known among civilized men. Under Celtic tenure the treason of the chief, if he committed trea son, affected them no more than the offences 'of a tenant for life affect a remainder man in our modern practice. Under the feudal sys tem they were innocent feudatories who would pass with the forfeited land to the Crown, with all their personal rights undis turbed. It was in this manner that the famous Plantation of Ulster was founded. The method of settlement is stated with commendable simplicity by the latest his torian. The ' plantators ' got all the laud worth their having ; what was not worth their having — the barren mountains and trackless morass, which after two cen turies still in many cases yield no human food — were left to those who, in the language of an Act of Parliament of the period, were ' natives of the realm of Irish blood, being descended from those who did inherit and possess the land.' The confiscated territory amounted to two millions of acres. ' Of these a million and a half,' says Mr. Froude, ' bog, forest, and mountain were restored to the Irish. The half million acres of fertile land were settled with families of Scottish and English Protestants.' The natives were not altogether content with this arrangement, and their perversity has been visited with eloquent censure by indignant critics down to our own day. There is reason to believe, however, that if a settlement of Irish Catho lics had been made in England by Mary or James II., on whom the best lands of Nor ™ In his ' Flight of the Earls ' tho Rev. C. P. Mechan has painted with singular power and feel ing the adventures of O'Neill and liio associates at foivign courts, beseeching help in vain ; till at length, wenry of the hopeless task, one after another laid down his weary head in a foreign grave. It may be noted that tho precise offenco imputed to tho chiofs to justify an enormous con liseiitMii was soliciting aid against their lawful sovereign from Philip of Spain. James, who considered this offenco worthy of so signal a punishment., received agents in his own Court from tho Netherlands, soliciting his aid against tho same Philip, who was tho lawful sovereign of Flanders and Brabant quite as much as Jamos was lawful sovereign of Tyrone or Tyrconnell. But one learns from a study of Anglo-Irish history to discriminate. When a Catholic nation invites the assistance of a Catholic Prince, they are por verso rebels properly punished with the heaviest penalties ; but when a Protestant, nation invites tho assistance of a Protestant prince they arc generous patriots, vindicating the rights of con i ecience and of their native country.' folk, Suffolk, Essex and Sussex, Kent and Surrey, were bestowed, while the English were left only the forest, mountain, and morass, that that just and temperate peoplo would not have entirely approved of the transaction, and might even be tempted to call it in question when an opportunity offered. The new comers have been painted in unfavourable colours by critics not unfriendly to the plantation. In many cases they were good soldiers or skilful husbandmen, who under more favourable conditions would have been an element of strength to the country. But the settlement had the fever of usurpa tion upon it. The rightful owners were forth coming, and the planters held by no higher title than naked force, good as long as the force was on their side, but no longer. Fences were erected, fruit trees plants* simple churches built, and aftm' a time white walled barns rose in f'he midst of waving corn-ticlds and rosy orchards. It was a pleasant sight to see ; but within a gunshot of the ga}r harvest and garden, the remnant of the native race, to whom the land had descended since the Redemption, were pining in misery and bitter discontent. The barren hills or frozen bogs to which they were banished yielded little food except the milk of their kine. ' The mountainy men,' so the new settlers contemptuously named them, would have been more magnanimous than any race who have lived on this globe, if they acquiesced patiently to the transfer. They could not forget, any more than their kins men in the Scottish Highlands, that The fertile plain, the softened vale Were once the birthright of the Q-aol.*' If their efforts to ' spoil the spoiler,' and ' from the robber rend his prey,' do not thrill sympathetic boudoirs, and if the scenes of their exploits are not the annual haunt of sentimental tourists, it is not because the exploits were different from those so favoured, but because an adequate poet has not yet arisen to interpret them to mankind.f The abolition of the loose method of in heritance (by which Irish lands used to pass to the right owners) was followed by another amelioration, without which it would have been incomplete. When a Catholic proprie tor died leaving children under age, the king, like a true father of his people, undertook the charge of the orphans. A Court of Wards was established for the purpose, and as James could not get a wife out of Spain for his son, on which condition he was ready to ' kiss the Pope's panteufle,' he became an ardent Reformer, and it was ordered that the children - should be strictly educated in the Reformed religion. If they were girls they were provided with Protestant husbands by James or Bucking ham. This device proved a most successful stroke of State policy, and with the favours and blandishments of the Court judiciously distributed, did more than the laws of Henry and Elizabeth to win over the old families. Education is stronger than natural instincts or inherited opinions. The Janissaries were Christian orphans trained to bo Mussulmen by the Sultan, and the most remorseless enemies of the Celt in the next generation were O'Briens and Butlers, Fitzgeralds and Burkes, who became more English than the English themselves. The experiment in Ulster naturally pro voked imitation. Charles I. was as eager to plant as his father. He was represented in Ireland by a trenchant Lord Deputy, re membered in that country as ' Black Tom ' and memorable in English history as Thomas Wentworth, Earl of Strafford. Wentworth resolved to make a settlement in Connaught to rival the nettlement in Ulster. The first business was to clear out tho owners in possession. The wildest inventions in Can dide, intended to illustrate human ab surdity and wickedness, will not match the pretences on which the forfeiture of these estates was founded. In the previous reign, when the king substituted ' an orderly succession' for the Celtic method, the Connaught proprietors had duly submitted and paid him a heavy fine to have their new patents enrolled in Chancery. The officers of tho Court, wilfully or igno rantly, omitted to make the proper entries in their books ; and this misfeasance was declared by Court lawyers to have forfeited the lands of the province to the king. It is a maxim that no man can profit by his own fraud ; but maxims are not made to bind sovereign princes. As the blessing of English law had been extended to the whole nation, it was necessary that this opinion should be confirmed by the judgment of a Court and the verdict of a jury. If a dozen of his fellow-countrymen found a Con naught proprietor's title bad, calumny itself must be mute. Wentworth marched to the '' Lady of the Lake.' f Such a poet may perhaps arise in unexpected places, for the Irish struggle has exercised a strango fascination ovor young imaginative Englishmen. Lord Macaulay began his splendid experiment in ballad poetry by singing tho Celtic resistance to the Invasion of Strongbow ; Lord Lyt. ton's first published poem, ' O'Neill,' had for its hero that unconquerable Hugh who so long baffled the areas of Elizabeth ; and Soutlioy h.D celebrated with passionate sympathy Robert Emmet, the last Irish rebel who gave liio life for bis causa. West at tho head of a formidable military force, as 'good lookers-on,' he said, and ac companied by the necossary retinue of judges and lawyers to perform the judicial ceremony. Some of the juries were frightened into ver dicts ; some were wheedled into them, for to - sharpen the persuasive power of the judges, Wentworth secretly gave those learned per sonages a percentage on tho forfeitures. But in Galway the juries were of opinion that, notwithstanding the misconduct of the ollicers of Chancery, the land did not belong r to the king but to the owners, and accordingly. Wentworth's m^i.°d or encountering this diffii*'J may help to mitigate our surpv,'o° that tho Irish peopiG did not cordial ]j lovo l]ie system of jurispru dence* which has undoubtedly secured equal ?justice to many generations of Englishmen* The jurors who found a verdict according to their conscience, and not according to the wishes of the LordDoputy, were immediately brought before the Castle Chamber in Dublin, and lined £4000 each and their estates seized till the fine was paid ; a penalty the equiva lent of which would impoverish many a noble of the present day. The sheriff who summoned the jurors was dealt with in a more decisive fashion ; he was first fined and then flung into prison, where he was kept till he died of the process ; an example to future officials to array their panels more discreetly.* Nearly a' generation had elapsed since the Plantation of Ulster, when the troubles be tween CharleBand his parliament approached a crisis. The Scots rose against the king and invaded England in the 'interest of the Opposition, and Charles summoned to his aid the army which Wentworth maintained in Ireland ; an army recruited in part from Irish Catholics. In the House of Commons this project evoked a storm of resistance. It was permissable to call a Scottish army into England, and it was a natural right, which no one would bo mad enough to dispute, to send an Eng lish army into Ireland ; but if an Irish army were brought into England on any pretence whatever, that was an outrage suf ficient to release subjects from their allegi ance. Tho Irish, who did not quite see tbe force of this distinction, began to bestir themselves. They heard the threats of tho Commons that Popery must be extirpated ; Pym, the leader of the Puritans in the House of Commons, boasted, it was said, that Parliament would not leave a Papist in Ire land ; they noticed the successful rebellion of the Scots, they saw their old enemies in con flict, and the time seemed propitious to re gain their ancient lands, and to save such as remained from obsequious judges and panic stricken juries. Roger Moore, a man greatly gifted both to project and to persuade, and whom contemporaries of all parties pro nounce of unblemished honour, brought leading men together, kindled them with his own convictions, and in fine there was now a genuine conspiracy on foot to seizo the seat of government, and summon the Irish race to arms. The servant of one of the conspirators betrayed his master, several of the leaders wore seized, and the government of Dublin put effectual!}'- on their guard. But the North was beyond their control. There tho clans who were pillaged by James, or their imme diate descendants, rose on an autumn night 40,000 strong, led by Sir Phelim O'Neill and This was not Strafford's only experiment in manipulating juries. Tho House of Commons, on tho occasion of his impeachment, cited among the catalogue of his offences in Ireland — ' That juroro who gave their verdict according to their conociences were censured in the Castle Chamber in great tinoD ; sometimes pilloried, with loos of ears, and bored through the tongue, and some times marked in the forehead, with other infamous punishments.' Strafford, who was a wise tyrant, did other work in Ireland, however. He got ffax seed from Holland, and workmen from Belgium, and foatorcd a linen trade among the plantators, which iu prosperous to our day. Fortunately for Ulster linon was not a staple of England. Strafford's most notable proceeding is still to be mentioned. Though Charles's charac ter as a compound of egotism and faithlessness is. one of tho most familiar studies in English history, it may borrow a characteristic touch from Irish records. Before these transactions he appealed in sore stress to his Irish subjects for a grant of money ; the Catholics took his wants into consideration and offered the sum of £120,000, provided that no proprietor sixty years in undis turbed possession should be troubled respecting hia title ; and that Catholics should bo allowed to practise as barristers without taking tho oath of supremacy. Charles took tho money, and promised tho graces (as they were named) which they desired. The- Puritans, however, grow daily stronger, and to lcoop the promise of tolerating Popery, oven in so small a matter as not cheating them out of their estates, soon bocamo incon venient. Some of tho bishops of the Irish Estab lishment transmitted a fierce remonstrance to England against any concession to Catholics, and as Charles was a good churchman and loved his bishops, ho was sorely perplexed ; but above all there was the glory and profit of making a plan tation of Connaught no longor possible if ho kept his word. Wontworth saw an easy way out of tho difficulty ; let him simply not keep his word ; and he for his part was willing to assist so worthy a purposo by bearing all tho blamo. Charles's whole character is painted in tho two facts, that ho broke his promise without scruple after ho had spent tho money, and thankfully accepted Straf ford's offer to stand between him and that infamy ho had incurred, other chiefs of: their own blood, drove out the English- and Scotch settlers, and repossessed themselves of their ancient tribal lands. This is the transaction known to English writers as tho ' Great Popish Rebellion,' and tho 'Popish Massacre.' By whatever con tumelious nickname it may be branded, what happened in Ireland is what would have hap pened in any branch of tho human family. When a favourable opportunity offered they 'spoiled the spoiler.' So the Saxons dealt with their Norman con querors, as far as their power and opportunity permitted, and the .Dutch with their Spanish conquerors, and the Sicilians with their French conquerors. Though there wero dreadful excesses committed by both parties in the end, it is certain beyond all controversy that the first aim of the Irish was to regain their own without any sacrifice of life. On the night of the rising, and during the six days that followed, only one man was killed ; a fact which stamps with complete certainty their original purpose. When blood is shed it is like kindling the prairie ; no one can any longer pretend to limit the devastation. But there were some signal in stances of moderation ; certain priests it is recorded, concealed fugitives under their altars;0 and a bishop of the Protestant Establishment, who had distinguished him self by humane conduct in his day of power, was permitted in the very focus of the in surrection to fill his house with English settlers, and shelter them from all molesta tion. The contemporary accounts of the transaction are quite as untrustworthy as the narratives of Titus Oates and his confede rates. The settlers depended absolutely on the support of England for maintaining their position. Man}r of them had suffered grievously, and the remainder were in danger of losing the fruit of all their toil and enter prise. What sort of stories they sent to Westminster under such circumstances, to inflame the zeal of their partizans, may be conceived. All Puritan England was ready to believe, and eager to hear, new marvels oF Irish iniquity'. Pious tears and rage were excited by a description of the ghosts of murdered Protestants appearing in broad day light. day after day, on the bridge of Porla down, wringing their hands and uttering pier cing shrieks for an avenger. One peculiarly stubborn ghost held his ground for more than a month. A bishop was among the witnesses of these impressive facts ; which exhibited, ?as one can conroive, Heaven itself among the allies of the plantators. The theory finally adopted, by English and Anglo-Irish writers generally, with respect to this trans action, when the clouds of prejudice and misrepresentation were blown away, is per Elexing to human reason. To seize the ereditar}' lands of the Irish race, and drive out tho inhabitants from the pastoral vallejTs and rich alluvial plains which they and theirs had enjoyed since the dawn of history, was c. wise stroke of statesmanship, it seems; but to seize the same lands occupied for a single generation by English settlers, and drive out the inhabitants, in order to re place the original population in their own possessions, was a crime of incredible greed and cruelty. Fairly judged at this day, it must be admitted that the transfer of the land back to its original owners was made with as little premeditated violence as in any agrarian revolution with whn h it can be fairly brought into comparison. Bloodjr reprisals were the custom of the age. In the Netherlands, in Italy, and in France, tho faction of the Catholics and the faction of the .Reformers killed and ravaged without remorse. That a raco whose chiefs had been trapped like wild boasts, or assas sinated' in the very offices of hospitality, among whom the tragedy of the Pacatu Hibernia and the kindred tragedy of the Plantation wero performed, should have been stung into no deadlier a humour will be for ever a marvel to men who have studied . human history and human nature. The out , rages shamefully exaggerated were no part of the original design. The rising, when it . fell under tho guidance of Roger O'Moore, finally swelled into a revolution, had its par liament at Kilkenny to which Charles sent ambassadors, and its armies in the field, to which in the end he would gladly have com mitted his cause, and conducted its measures with notable clemency and moderation.f * Leland's ' History of Ireland.' Loland ' was a Professor of Trinity College, Dublin, and a Chaplain to tho Lord -Lieutenant in. the time of George III. The Scotch were treated with peculiar forbearance. The Irish made proclama tion, on pain of death, that no Scotsman Bhould be molested in body, goods, or lands. — ' Carte's Ormond, I., 178.' f Unless on the hypothesis that there is a separate schemo of divine and human justice, and a separate law of nature applicable to Ireland, it is difficult to account for t he contradictory judg ment which a man ordinarily so wise and just as Mr. Carlylo applies to nearly identical circum ? stances in Ireland and Franco. In Ireland tho agricultural population, driven wild by pillago and oppression, rose and repossessed themselves of lands recently tnlcen from them, and in tho process committed and ondured cruel excosses ; in Franco tho agricultural population, also long oppressed and pillaged, rose and burned tho chateaux of tho noblesse, who had possessed thorn for centuries, killed the owners whenever thoy could find them, and when their partizans were in prison rose in conjunction with a city mob and In the Irish Parliament, called tho' Con- federation of Kilkenny, the Catholics of both races were fully represented. Owen O'Ncil, known in Irish annals as Owen Roe, a soldier who had acquired skill and experience in the armies of Spain, came to the aid of his countrymen. Throughout the war he exhi bited sagacity, soldiership, and patriotism, but ho was constantly thwarted by the Anglo-Irish, who were more solicitous for the security of Charles than for the rights of the nation. Tt is the glory of Hampden and Falkland to have loved England better than they loved the king ; and Owen Roe certainly loved Ireland better than he loved the king. The Pope sent a nuncio to aid the Irish with his advice, and with the nuncio came some help in money and arms. It is not necessary to follow through its varying fortunes a war which the Confederate Catholics main tained for six stormy years. 0 They were fighting for freedom of conscience, as the Scots at the same time were fighting for it ; as the Dutch, somewat earlier, had fought for it. They did not succeed in escaping from bondage, but the wrath of their keepers at the attempt deserves the sympathy of mankind in the. same measure as the rage of a slave-driver whose tranquillity has been disturbed by unexpected resistance to the lash. When Charles was deposed and executed, Cromwell carried his victorious army across the Channel to conquer Ireland for the Com monwealth. His campaign was as coldly merciless as was Alva's in the Netherlands, or Carew's in Desmond. We are assured on high authority that he was in truth a humane and beneficent ruler, who only struck hard because it was necessary to execute divine justice on the authors of the Ulster rising. In pursuance of this meritorious policy he beseiged Drogheda, which wras held for the king, ^ and put to the sword the entire garrison, and the population of all ages and both sexes, nobody being spared. The massacre continued for two days ; it is admitted that between three and four thousand persons were butchered in cold blood ; and a score or two of the inhabi tants who alone escaped were sent as slaves to the tobacco plantations. Among the gar rison was an English regiment, commanded by an English cavalier, and as Drogheda; lay within the English Pale, where the native Irish were long forbidden to inhabit a walled town, the traders and citizens were almost without exception Catholics of Eng lish blood. What Cromwell actually did was to kill certain Englishmen and Anglo Irishmen in order to punish the offence of O'Neills and O'Reileys, Maguires and Mac Mahons. The account of the transaction which he sent to England was that it was a righteous judgment executed ' on the bar barous wretches who had imbrued their hands in so much innocent blood.' He repeated this lesson of divine justice at Wexford. There the gamson and population were Irish, but Irish of the South ; there is no reason to believe that it contained one soldier or citizen who had ever crossed the Boyne, or been any more associated with Sir Phelim O'Neill than with Praise God Barebones. The modern justification for these massacres is somewhat defective in its foundation of facts.f Cromwell was now undisputed master, and a period followed which. wre are exhorted to recognize as the sole era when an authentic God-givon ruler made his divine justice pre vail in the land. Of his divine government of Ireland the naked facts are these = Two years after the war was at an end, and when the fighting men of Ireland to the number of 40,000 had been encouraged to take service with Spain, he drove out by beat of drum the entire Catholic population of three pro vinces, excepting only hinds useful to hold the plough or herd the flocks of the conqueror. Aged men and women, feeble and sickly per sons, many who were protected by general treaties, others who were protected by special terms of submission, some who had received personal guarantees for personal services, were driven across the Shannon to find a shelter if they could among the bogs of Connaught, and their lands divided among his soldiery. Peers and knights who had fought for the king, to whom they had sworn allegiance, were held by the representative of divine justice to have incurred this penalty. If they returned they became liable to be hanged without trial. Of the children of the poorer people, seized in a rape like Herod's, he caused 1000 boys to be sold as slaves in the West Indies, and 1000 innocent Irish girls to be sent to Jamaica, to a fate which would scarcely, be adequately avenged if the authentic ruler spent an eternity in the region to wrliich Cavalier toasts consigned him. The admitted murdered them in cold blood. Or the ariah transaction Mr. Oarlylo has written a vehement and unmeasured condemnation. Of the French massacre he says : ' Horrible in lands that had known equal justice. Not so unnatural in lands that had never known it. Le sang qui coule est il done si ? asks Barnave, intimating that tho gallows though by irregular methods has its own.' — Carlylo's 'French Revolution.' ' Before the close of the war Owen Roe sud denly died ; poisoned as it whs somewhat rashly concluded. The age of poisoning was passed. tSee Cromwoll's 'Declaration for tho unde ceiving of doludod people,' in a note at the end of the chapter, aim of the Lord Protector was to extirpate the Irish race, and his policy is still known among them as the ' Curse of Cromwell.' If this be indeed the art of divine government, it was afterwards practised more successfully in the fusillades and voijades of the French Jacobins, and in the Bulgarian atrocities painted by a modern statesman ; and it roaches its perfection in the management of a prize by pirates, when the crew are made to walk the plank, and the booty distributed among the victors. Cromwell's conduct is still defended on the same fanatical pretences employed to justify the expulsion of the Huguenots from France, the Moors from Spain, the Jews from England, and the Christians from Japan, and the grounds are good for all these transactions, or for none of them.0 Before Cromwell's policy was carried to complete success the Restoration brought back the Stuarts. Charles II. having com pensated or re-instated a host of royalists ejected from their estates in England, turned his attention to Ireland. The enemies of his house were in possession of the lands confis cated under Cromwell, and the friends of his house, the original proprietors, who were the last to lay down arms for his father, some of whom had shared his own exile were in penury and destitution. It was a case needing prompt handling, and Charles handled it with unusual promptitude. To pacify the Irish Puritans he confirmed the settlement of pro perty under the Commonwealth. That is to say, Cromwell had given to his soldiers the estates of the Catholic gentlemen who had fought for the house of Stuart, and the restored house of Stuart graciously confirmed the arrangement. Charles would probably have preferred doing justice, if justice could be done without much personalinconvenience. But he loved his harlots and jesters tco well to run risks ; and to do justice in this matter was made difficult by a sentiment always powerful in England ^ a sentiment which has created a perpetual barrier between the two nations, and which while it exists will never suffer them to unite. His English parlia ment, crowded with Cavaliers and returned exiles, would not have helped him to dis place Englishmen, though they were Crom wellians, and to make place for Irishmen, though they were Royalists. His impulse to do justice was at best not very strong; a slice of confiscated land remained at the disposal of the Crown, with wdiich he might have made a provision for a few more of the worst cases of injustice, but his heart was touched with fraternal affec tion, and he gave the bulk of it — a hun dred and seventy thousand acres and upwards — not to Irish sufferers, but to his brother James.f Although the Cavalier parliament did not give back their estates to its Irish allies, it is needless to say that it did not quite overlook them. It compelled the king to withdraw a rash indulgence by which they were permitted to practise their religion. It passed a Test Act, by which no person could hold any office, civil or military, without subscribing a declaration against transubstantiation ; and as bullocks from Meath and Kildare brought down the price of fat stock in the English market, it declared the importation of cattle from Ireland to be a public nuisance. This was the reign of the ' Merrie Monarch,' a time of national enjoyment and revelry in England, interrupted only by an English Popish plot and massacre, more de liberate and bloody than the plot and massacre in Ulster, over which history is so clamoi'ous. The plot was the famous invention of Titus Oates ; the massacre, the trial, conviction and murder of his victims for eighteen months ; whose execution went on merrily long after judges and juries had ceased to believe a syllable of the evidence. If the Catholic king, who soon followed, had been strong and merciless as Cromwell ; if he had slaughtered the judges, juries, and specta tors of this massacre, and their contempora ries indiscriminately for the offence of being alive at the period; if he had sent men in thousands to be slaves in the West Indies, and women to a worse fate, he would be qualified to-day, doubtless, to be recognized as a benevolent agent of Divine justice, When James II. embroiled himself with his English subjects by attempting to make changes by royal prerogative, which could only be legitimately made by Act of Parlia ment, he sought support in Ireland. The Irish never loved James, but his present Tho difficulty of harmonizing the opinion of two nations, respecting representative men, is not. less striking in this era than in any that preceded it. The inspired eyes which saw the hoavens opened could discern nothing but evil in Irish Catholics fighting for liberty of conscience, or in Irish Presbyterians when they were troublesome to Cromwell. Tho author of ' Robinson Crusoe,' born to delight the youth of all nations, makes it a bitter reproach to Oliver that he abandoned the schemo he had under considera tion to expel the whole Irish race from Ireland. t There were nearly 8,000,000 acres to dispose of vvitnout interfering with Oroimvellian oeoupa pat.ion. Two millions and a quarter were given to Irish possession, Irish of En-lish descent, Iiish declared innocent, or saved under provisions in the Act of Settlement ; to English courtiers or soldiors there wero given four millions and a half. James got a great slice of tho remainder. See Mr. Prendergast'a invaluable ' Cromwellian Settlement.' offences were not such as could reasonably be expected to move their indignation. He was a Catholic, and he sought to extend re ligious liberty to Catholics and Dissenters. If his method was harsh and arbitrary, the boundaries of royal prerogative were ill-defined, and nations had never been slow to condone offences committed in their own interest. A little later the strictest Scottish Whigs forgave William for suspending laws by royal authority in Scot land ; though suspending laws by his royal authority was the offence for which his predecessor had been driven from, the throne. James selected as Lord Lieutenant in Ire land Richard Talbot, the head of an Anglo Norman house which still remained Catholic, created him Duke of Tyrconnell, and gave i him his confidence in a degree unusual to his frigid nature. Talbot is credited with a plentiful catalogue of vices by English writers. It is probable that he was boast ful and profligate, and perhaps unveraeious, but he was certainly bold, resolute, and devoted to his master, and to the nation he was sent to rule. We must judge him by his age and hi3 contemporaries. He was far from being so unscrupulous a partizan as Shaftesbury,' the spokesman of resistance in England, and he was a generous and chivalrous gentleman compared to the hero of Blenheim and Malplaquet. When a con spiracy to bring in the Prince of Orange began to be talked of, Talbot disarmed a. large number of Protestant gentlemen, whom he suspected of sympathy with William, and armed and regimented the native population whom he knew to be friendly to James. What else indeed was an agent of James to do? The Protestant gentry were for the most part heirs of Cromwellian settlers, and hated James as a Papist, and feared him as a king who might call in question their title to their estates. They themselves had taken much stricter precautions ; where they were in power, a Catholic was not permitted to possess the simplest weapon of defence ; half-a-dozen Catholics meeting in Dublin or its neighbourhood constituted an illegal assembly, and in country districts Catholics were not allowed to leave their parish except to attend the neighbouring market. In periods of alarm the precaution has been taken by every Goverment in Ireland before and since ; but so singular are the canons of criticism applicable to Irish affairs, that a noble historian who was a Cabinet Minister under Queen Yictoria, when arms were taken from Munster Catholics and distributed among Ulster Orangemen, treats this precau tion of Tyrconnell's as a grave and escep tional offence. (To be continued.) 