MR- CRESWICK'S BENEFIT Mr Creswiek took bis farewell benefit at the Bijou Theatre last night, but owing to the in clemency of the weather the house was -less crowded than it would have been under more favorable atmospheric conditions. The nor- formance comprised the threo first acts of Hamlet, and concluded with Kith- rice and Petiuchio. As those who have witnessed Mr OttewisU'e art spare, his interpreta- tion c-fthe character differs essentially from thoEO of G. V. Brooke, Barry Sullivan, Charles Kcau, and Walter Montgomery, the last of ivbom may be said to have made the part hia own. Mr Creswick'u interpretation of Hamlet is esjentially m ire spiritual, Ham let, as Mr Cseawick presents him, is too studious ano thoughtful; and although clearly convinced of his duty to his father's memory, yet by nature wavering and impulsive rather than firm of will. This his long soliloquies 1 betray. In them his thoughts are rapid; but his acts following nre elow. The fine elocution cf Mr Creswiek did ample justice to the text. ftou elicited the most eothasimtic npplause, although ha gave one of the quietest renditions of the character with which we are familiar. What his expression' IoBt in loudness it gained in intensity. At the end of the second and third acts the great tragedian was called' before tt 0 curtain, Mr Cn'.hcart, who played' the King, was pirticulurly good in tho spseoh leginning, "U my cffence it rank." Mr Ireland, as the Ghost, was a most Wall con ducted gho6t, ns ghostH aro said to deport tlnincelvee ; but Mr Stoneham, ae Horatio, pb eked n now laurel from the tree of famo. Mi's .Lewis, who appeared as Queen Gertrude, played with her usual intelligence and grace, ai d indeed made tho mo.t dignified queen, that wshnvo seen forcoiro yesrj. Miss Lester p'nyed Ophelia. In the Tuning of the Shrew, which allot.-cd the actors free scope to displ»y ths diversity of their talent-, that quiet quaint vein of humor, so preferable to ths broad farcical comedy with which Mr Creswiek plays the part of Petruchio distinguished it considerably from the ordinary etngo roysterer With which we are fapiflier' Mrs Lewis, as Katheriiie, ployed with a comic breadth highly divorling in the quarrel scenes ; ai.d came down very prettily iu the end to bo the aminble and obedient wife. It is matter of coop regret to all interested in the drama that so bright a light as Mr Creswiek Bhould bo withdrawn from tho colonial stage, Adelaide Ristorl, like a- transient meteor, glittered for a few months athwart ,our colonial dramatic heaven, and- was then withdrawn to Illuminate it no more, What Adelaide Rlsteri was to the Italian drama, Mr Creswiek is to English tragedy, Wo have not looked upon her lika ogain ; when shall wo see a second William Creswiek 'f 