A GHOST STORY OF TO-DAY:. The Rev: Augustus-- Jessopp, D.D. (says 'the Pall MaIla Gazetue) has pub lished in the Ath.enuu., a remarkable account of an apparition of which he was the witness in Lord Orford's library at Mannington "Hall, Norfolk, in October last. After dinner, the party having broken up 'at half past 10, Dr. Jessopp retired to the library to take notes of some of the rare books 'which it contains. What befell him there he thus narrates: "By 11 o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon busily ait work'and absorbed in my occupation. The room in which I was writing is a large one, with a' huge fireplace and a grand old chimney; and:it is needless to say that it is furnished with every comfort and luxury., - The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes- I wanted to` examine.. There'were six sinall volumes in all. I took them down, and placed them at my right hand in -a little pile, and set to work-sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As`I finished with a book I placed it in front of me.' There were four-silver candlesticks upon' the table, the candles all burning, and, as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the'table with the fire at iny left, and at intervals, as ,I had -finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warmrmy feet. I con tinned in this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had'got on better than I expected, and I had onlyone more book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and- opened a bottle of seltzer water, and ITremember thinking to my self, that I should get to bed by 2 after all. ::I set to work at the last little book..,I had. been enaged, upon,. it about' half-an-hiour, and was just he ginning' 'to '`think that' niy work' was drawing to :a- close, c.when:, as I' nwas actually writing, I, saw; a- large' white hand, within.. a foot of my elbow. Turning m'y hlcd there sata figure of a somewihat liiarge moan, ith' his back to' tlie:, fire, bending :slightlyover: the table;? and. apparently' examining., the .pie of books that I had .been at work upon. The man's face vas turned away from me, but I iarw- his closely cut reddish-brown hair, his ear and: shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the -largehigh cheekbone.a lHe .was dressed in what' Ii can only, describe as a kind o'f ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or some siich material," close up to.the throat,.and .a narrow rimuor, edging, of aboiiut an inch broiad, of satin, or velvet,= serving as ,astaid-uip colliir, and 'fitting"' closo:e to-;the chliin.,. The right, hand, :which had first.attracted my attention, was clasping, withoiut any great pressure, the left hand; blboth hands were in perfect' repose,"uand the laige'blue veins of the right hand were conspicuous.'. IJ remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent ' Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. I looked 'at my visitor, for some .seconds, and was perfectlysure that lie was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil ; then I thought ' Upstairs I have a sketch- book. Shall I fetch it l' There he sat, and I was fascinated; afraid, not of his staying, butlestlie should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this-my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed, and nothing more. 1 went on with my writing as if nothing had happened, perhaps for anotherive miniiiitbs, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had' determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place andattitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own; I turned my head again, to examine him more closely, and I was framing a sen tence to address to him when I dis covered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and finished writing the two or three, words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exlhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could' pointout the words I was writing iwhen the phantom came and--- when- he -disapprared. Ifa ing finished :my: task, :,.I shutl, the book and threw itb on th o.tble ; it made a slight noise as it fell-the figure vanished. . Throwing myself back. in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire. with a; curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, and if he did whether, he would hide 'the?fire from. me. .Then.. first there stole upon.me a dread and a suspicion thati I was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning; then "I rose, lit my bedroom candle, took. my. books into; the inner library,., mounted the chair as before, and replaced'five of the volumes; the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did nie the honour to appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of. uneasiness. I blew outnthe four candles and marched off itobed, where IT slept. the ,sleep of the,.just ,or the guilty-I know. not which-but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnised narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, orinference I leave to. othars." 