, TOWHJBQPJTOABIfia ? — -ab-.BihSaiH^tSiSf':^ '^ ? Trav Boesntsus. km, abort 820 -ggPtV; Cwiiwtf Tng .Birer, *t the corth Hit wnwrat portion wart side ,of 3cett*toseM md bounded boabdary «T tlikt portion Booth to Hi* north wi^ corner of portion No. 13, E. ^r*a'*-12 .acr»j tbeoce ab ,tb» Booth byl*. lipfcs. partly .fencing, the north' bpundarjr *f that portion ana portion No. 26.X PHton'e £2 acres, east to the nortb «Mt,ciDrner of tbo latter portion ; thence os 'part of the cast fay' the east (ride of Long- afreet, partly, funning - a west bonmiary of portion No. 175, police pad dock, of 203 aares t .'rood, end tbe west boundaries of portions No; 67, 3. Preston's lOljvcres 3 rood., Hoi 64, W. & Jlaekayf8 16 .acres 3 roods, and part of the west boundary of portion No. 63,8. Cade's 17 ?dies 2 roods, north' to I lie easterly pro longation of the north side of Campbell Street; llience on part of the north by that prolongation and part of tlio north aide of that' street, partly forming the dotitli boundaries of section -Nm. 37, and portions Koi. 4, 3, % and I of 10 acres each, west to the eoiitli- wen) corner of the UtftV' portion ; tlieaue afcaiii ; on part ,u£ tba'^isl. by' Uie' wept 'bou -dary''pf that porS&i; hortJi to tbe left ..banlc, of the, Burro«aHl£iver ^forgaoid ;'|aun tiionos ot) thoVrijV^nJ ; iiortU'-weit. by. 'tho ' river dojjjujjvtjr/jlp,] tq t^p, point «f commence mefld,,,, w-:!3, .;,„„?,,.,,.'? .. GoHnfty(Kiit^,:pai;iHU Burrows, area about 9O'.aeres,- Gomiiioncuigioiit Uc left bank of tb*c-Burn-vira :Bivlar, at the north -west coraeribtpartkin Ma.' ' 1,' Patrick ? Hurley «nd4#fc!in-8i««»n*« '10'aeree, on the east aiaU'wf'ftani Uitreet' f»nd 'bounded tlience onah»i'*i«Bt-by tlie-wWst boundary of porjijliuTOb! 1 bearing south to its (south west 'corner^ 'ftenefe' on tlio fianth by ilie noriftv i$M ' ; «? GampbeH^irtfeet, r-arf ly f orVrifnff ttfie/GQuih boundaries ' of ' portion . No.TeftfrtBaid, and portions Nos. 2, 3, snd'4', ana'Vbewouth boundary of section No. 37, bearing east to the went boundary of portion N6.',65, Samson Cade VI 7 acres 2 robd*; j.hetace oil the east: by tho east side x-f '^Long-street; partly1, forming the west/Boundary of that portion and portion Ho:6§, Reverend James Hanley'e 22 acres 3 roods' nsVth -to tbe !eft bank of the Burro*- a Itiver aforesaid ;? and tlience on the horlli-west arid north by that riv«r downwards to tbe point of commence ?neat.' '? ' ? ? Pb6posbi- Ratlway to Port Parker. —Okie of the 8. M. Herald's cable messages from Liondon on Monday stated that a powerful syndicate has offered to «OQ8traot ft railway con necting 'ilia Queensland lines with Port.^ Parker on condition that they recjyvQ'a.rapd grant of 8000 acres per mile. ' Port Parker ia a recently - diacovered port on the shores of the Galf of Carpentaria, in tbo Queensland territory in about latitude 17*25, longitude 189 25, to tbe southward of the Wellesley Islahde. The anchorage is between Allen Island and the main land. The Great Eastern could enter the harbour at spring tides and berth at low- water iu -the ' basin,' within a mile of the shore, with several feet of water to spare. At the lowest tides many of our coasting steamers could enter. It is believed to be tbe intention of the Queensland government to make a more elaborate survey of the place as speedily as possible, as they feel confident from tts .position .it must ? become the terminus of the transcontinental rail way through their territory. - Besides, from its position, it is fitted to become a great shipping port for the wool from . the. , Diamantina, Flinders, Burke, 'Herbert, and Lome Eivere, and Buchanan's Greek; and for fresh meat from the Cloucurry, Leichhardt, Gregory, and Nicholson llivers. Many thousands of cattle are already depas tured on the latter rivers. Iu the case Murphy v. the com missioner for railways, for damages for iu juries received in the Parramatta railway Accident, the jury assessed the damages at £200. MUSWELLBROOK, Tuesday. — Mr. Hugh M'Cauley committed suicide last night by shooting himself over the left eye with a charge of shot from a gun. He had been a resident here for 40 years. , The Latb Abcede&oon; Innes and tub Spisnv — A few days ago we pn b liahed a ghost paragrah from the Geelong Advertiser. The Hamilton Spectator supplies the following ; — It may be stated that Mr. Lissiman did not die at the parsonage, and the archdeacon never wrote that he saw Mr. LiBsiman ' standing at the study table,' nor anywhere else, after death. What the archdeacon really wrote was shown to as, with a request that we would not pablisB it, as it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of bis relatives. As some other friend of the family -has, however, with questionable taste, thought proper to furnish a very distorted version of the affair to the public, we have beeu asked to state that the morning before his death the Yen. Archdeacon Innes wrote and gave the Bev. 3. W. Arnold a memo., of ?which the following is a copy — viz.: ' A few nights after poor Lissiman's death I was in this house alone, and his room rattled so that I ran up to see wbat 'it was. I looked in the dark room and saw nothing ; eo I said, with . a laugh to myself, ' It ttiu&l; 1-6 old Iiissimau. What do yon want ?' Then I had au answer, not andible, but cuch as possibly a spirit can ooavey, ' 'Sever mind, you'll follow me soon.' It was singular I nerer toli any one.' Mr. Iiiseiman died a month before the archdeacon, and the latter expired less than 24 hours after writing the singular mrrno. we have been called upon to publish. Tit* Victorian Parliament was opened at noon yesterday by the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Berry, There was a large/ attendance o£ members on both fcySr^Sir Charles McMahon was elected Speaker by a majority of five over Mr. Peter talcr. The house has not Ken eo evenly balanced as it is now for some years. 