? NOKWOOD v. HIKSMABSH (Conclusion).—Jan. 21. This interesting match has resulted in the downfall of the Norwood Club, which, after having held the Challenge Cop for four successive years, has now lost its third match this season, and consequently its chance ef securing the premier position for 1879-80. For weeks past the return game between these clubs has been regarded as the crucial match, and the most intense and general interest was taken in it from first to last. The game was begun on Saturday, January 17, in the presence of the largest attendance which has been seen on the Oval this season, and when the match was played out on Wednesday there must have been fully 1,000 persons on the ground—quite an extraordinary crowd for an off-day. Though the Hindmarsh men have been the popular favourites throughout, they having only lost one mstch out of six, the issue of the game was decidedly uncertain even when stumps were drawn on Saturday night. Hindmazsh had then scored 153, and Norwood had three men out for 36 runs. The odds were thus a trifle in favour of the former, but the partisans of the premier club still showed their confidence in the red and white stripes, and hoped that Giffen and McHichael, the not-ont men, would make a long stand before being seDarated. Both players batted steadily for a time, and'20 runs were soon added to the score, including a splendid hit clean over the rope for four. But Giffen, who had made this big drive and seemed to have got set, was almost immediately afterwards clean bowled by Bullough. 4—16—56. Bicharda then came to the rescue, and he played a grand innings. He began steadily, took the measure of his opponents, and then hit out with great freedom. The runs -mounted np rapidly, and as 60 and 70 went up on the board the hopes of the Norwoods began to rise and those of the Bricks to fall a little, while King several times changed his bowling. One of these changes at length had the desired effect, McMichael being the victim. • He was very smartly caught at the wickets off Green, the fast bowler, who had relieved NoeL McMichael had played his usual stonewall game, but his 16 runs included four hits to the chains. The fifth wicket fell for 76-7 one run less than half the number required to win, and the most trustworthy half of the batsmen were ont. Still, the Norwoods did not lose heart. Their captain, who has 'pulled so many matches out of the fire in olden days, next appeared between the creases; but he was evidently not at ease. He played tbe bowling so carefully that he was in fully a quarter of -an hour before he made a ran. His first score was S tc leg, and his second was a single, and it also proved his last. He Mt a ball high in the air, nearly over the bowler's head, and Burnet made a -brilliant catch, for which he had to run from his position at mid-off. He was loudly and deservedly cheered. 6—4—91. Bichards was still batting well, and seemed good for a big rcore; hut there was a fear that the tail end of the team might not support him. They had not the chance, however, for by a piece of strange bad management and ill luck he was run out just when his services were most needed. He and Blinman were in together, and they essayed a. riily run. They might have got it, perhaps, bnt Blinman fell, and when the north wicket was put down both batsmen were standing at the southern end. As they bad not crossed, Bichards had to retire, though Blinman would have come out had he been allowed by the Hindmarsh men to do BO. But they, as might be expected, declined to allow such a display of magnanimity. They preferred to get rid of the batsman who had gives them so much trouble. Bichards was thus forced to go, with 26 to his credit, and with 5 still wanted to complete the century. His innings had been an excellent one. Bis cricket was thoroughly good, and he never gave a ghost of a chance. His 26 included hall a dozen pretty leg-hits and cuts to the chains. Traynor came next, scored 1. and was clean bowleii by liullongh- 8—1—06, and all hope for the Norwoods sinking rapidly, while the Hindmarsh supporters had again become very demonstrative in their applause. Even maiden oven were cheered, and any special piece of fielding received the very hearty approbation of the crowd. Johns, the late second-eleven man, succeeded Traynor, but he couldn't play the little Yorkshire man, who soon had him clean bowled. The ninth wicket fell for 102 runs, and the people began to move off, thinking the match at an end. But Lucas now joined Blinman, and the two tried to revivify the game and to comfort the hearts of their club companions. They did wonders, but no reasonable person expected them to pull off the 52 runs required to win. They afforded the spectators a lot of fun and the field a good deal of work. Lucas hit the bowling about as if he were sure of scoring a hundred, and only desired to make it as quickly as possible; bnt his hits were really splendid ones, and all safe. He got four chainers, a couple, and three singles, and then Bullongh disturbed his stumps, and closed the game with Hindmarsh 26 runs ahead. Their victory was received with loud cheering and the throwing up of hats, while Norwood Club supporters went home moralizing on such topics as the weakness of Traynor as a batiman, and the thousand pities that Bichards was so stupidly ran out when he was playing so splendidly. The Hindmarsh fielding waa excellent, and Burnet and Jarvis were conspicuously useful. Bullongh did most damage with the ball, though Green's 1 wicket for 4 runs is the best average. Scores:— HIKOMABSE. Total score ... 163 - NORWOOD. Captain, Mr. J. E. Gooden; Umpire, Mr. J. H Denby. H. A. Gooden, st. Jarvis, b. King 16 W. C. Eenness, c. Green, b. Bnllough 0 A. E. Waldron, run out ... 16 G. Giffen, b. Bullongh 16 A. McMichael, c. Jiarvis, b. Green 16 T. O. Bichards, nm ont 26 J. E. Gooden, c. Burnet, b. King 4 H. Blinman, sot out 11 J. Traynor, b. Bullongh ... 1 3\. Johns, b. Bnllough ... S T. T. Lucas, b. Bnllough 17 Bye 1, leg-byes 2 3 Total ..127. Bnllough ... Bowling Analysis. Balls. Buns. ... 138 60 Mdns. Wkts 5 S Noel King ... 60 90 28 21 1 3 — 2 Arthur G. Green 42 86 11 4 2 3 — 1 