HEWS AND XOTES. It has been repeatedly ask^d—Do you think Mr Blarney is in earnest opposition against Mr Service? We think there is very little doubt about the. earnestness, a? Mr Niamey has been on Maldon since Saturday and all activity in interviewing electors about the town, and has received we are told very flattering: promises of support. IJe will take an early opportonii_y-to"£{ate" his political views throughout the electorate. Tna tocsia of war: is sounding, for the Mining Board election,'which-ii now'^dveii tised to take place on Saturday, the 28th oi next month. Candidates an nat be npmiaated in due /or® on or before the 12th inst 80 far as we know, there fie already five candidates for the two vacant seat*, viz., the two old members, Messrs Broughall, Webster, and Horteby. We Aear the old members had a meeting down Sandy iOreek way on Saturday, and were favourably received. They can all pa to work now, -J On Sunday last speeial services in aid oi the Circuit Fund were held in the Bible Christian Church. The Re*. G. Balking hats of Chewton pr^Ti^ 'twice to large congregations. The Sermons were earnest, thoughtful, and enjoyable. On Monday evening the Rev. W, H." Evans of Daylesfor'd gave his popular lecture on " ^SpnTgaDni" in tin j&ibte;* Christian Chwct 2|e ichurqli ve^ tfellj filled with a,*no<t atteifttve andifencS. Ttfg lecturer treated his subject with masterly ability, and was thoroughly enjoyed. LecrurM of this class sontainipg »rft,-iininout pathos, and strong common sense are hSt seldom heard. A vote of thanks was moved by the Baptist minister and Jttr Watts. ®hp Monetary aspect was yer'y' encoiraging." lhe Kev. gentleman leclores this evening at Baringhup, • and to- jporrow (Thursday)r-at We have received tbf foliowit^ in^a'rmatioa {rota MeLboarce. Tfai^ rent -of lh$ lease ot the Net? (rtand j[u.DCtioo Mining Company, Uot^txt 1'arrutigower, hai b.eep accepied hy t^e l^iim^ Bepartitteat, so th^t,, nhe various tribnle parties now at I^ORFC OIL Lisle's Reef ip.ajr carry on tbeii; op^feiutaj in pespe. " v : t'be mjsnj^ratif.tte ^amajiic- Clv^ upder tbedireciioD of Mr Br- uugb&tt;, i&t;^od giving .»">. . ..op Mpnday.Utb Qf . febrftajcy. The trat part wil I compriB&n; ctuieert by talented amateurs, the secoofl p^t a perforaMce°t>y th'e clab. .We. hegrtilj h ^ to witness a croiRdfid lujuiBe. . We mqat go from faoqae to, hear the sens. Thjis is the Lateet item" aae&t; Sir Service, supplied by the Melboerne correspondent SJt.ihe BendAgo huUpewknt Mr Berry, has been invited to speak at Maldon, and wiJ),: ifpossibJe, cona-plj tckb. this requisition. Apart trpjn t^ia, evidence is daily gr-OKrinp stronger that Mr. Service had better seek, some other Constituency^ It seems lake & joke to.read of bee£ one -peBoy per pound on. Uaidoi:. This is to cojpe about according to. the announcement of Mr tRovedk our advertisreg'coUunos.: But the becf ifi iia own growing;, stSid he informs uaasiie cannot obtain.a, lair price for bi8 : li*e stock in Uie market, he- intends trying the experiment of disposing it.aa^eef to private consbme'ra. The. price, o&red; for wheat at the local mill is 4s. A large quantity ia. being brought in daily. A traveller coming into. Maldon. by the ^ay of Porcupine road before daybreak yesterday morning was rather amazed on meeting with a man iu a sad fright and "hadno. not tings on" except a.jsbiot. Qn being interrogated, thje affiighted one said, he had been roused by the'appeanace oi a ghost arrajed in white entering his bedroom, which had scared, hiatta rdn for his. life. The well-known ^sck Glreen was. arrested on Saturday by Constable Kenny for be is,, arank -aud disorderly, and on. Mooday tb]e rowdy was fined 5a or §4; Iwurs.. Jo? a wonder Green had about nine snillings, so be paid the fine.. Mi; {lojcasbj SAC on the bench. Without the aLd of Mr Blamey that splendid venture,, the- £Sagiohawk Alliance, would never have been, successfully floated, and with the aid of the aam.e gentleman, vse may -now. hope-for a resusitation of the once famous Nelson. What we requiro on Maldon is a share of outside capital,- and from the great success achieved by Mr Blarney, /we. have so. doubt the grand old Nelson will be agbin. soon sSiiat. On Monday evening the proprietors of the Nelson claim Wilson's teeS, comprising Messrs Seymour, Oswald, Lewis, and White, with Mrl^Vivian as.representing the Nelson Extended, met at the Lounge llotel to con-, fer -with Mr Blarney as to the fbrotatLon of a company for working this fine propertv. The terms- and conditions .upbu which, the present proprietory would part with, their mines were iuily diacusesil.d. firoift what -m i^.-itojB kjsfii^ed in the herealean undertaking. It is no easy matter to float a company of 15,000 shares of each -which they propose to be the capital ot the* company, comprising about SO acres of valuable ground, the greater portion yet untried.. A cat-«a8trophe.—-It is a well known fact that the members of the fehne race are not particular in general regarding anything tasty, which may be left iu their way, iifci some human beings, their ideas of " meum and tunm" are sometimes, rather confused A puss belonging to a neighbour of ours unfortunately squeezed its bead into a tin of preserved fish, which had been left on the table, and the poor beast could not extricate itself from its awkward position it never flccurred to the owner of the anima'l to sever the box with a chisel or some other implement, and &o; release a favourite oat bat thonght the surest way waj to cut its head off, box and all, which he did, and buped it. It is to be hoped that the mouse tribe will now ravel in peace and security on the premises of onr neighbour by way of revenge 00 his ill-judged treatment of poor pussy. r . Fifty-five feet of driving theongh such hard bluestone, as the mine of the Eaglebawk Union Company is notorious tor,, in about 40, working days, Bhould render any comment respecting the advantage of the Natrona! Tock-borer quite r 'unnecessary The Bendtifo Independent has the follow' ing in favor of the national drills.--,We are glad to perceive that the California!) scheme is gradually leading to improvements in mining, and it must be a source of gratifica^ tiun to tbe delegate to find, after fully two years'diffidence on the part of mine-owners that his judgment as an engineer bas been upheld by the national rock drills and aircompressors -he so determk_Jly recom_ mended, ft appears that these superior machines, notwithstanding 'that they bear an import-duty'of 25 per cent.; : kre coming, into great favor of late, all our leading mining companies living ordered diem. Altogether there are afloat some twenty-five national rock drills and two compressors, which with those at work in this colony, give a total of twen'.y^eigbt drills and three compressors, repreEentiegacongiderable amount of capital, laid out moat judiciously, A email case of insolvency is reported at Sandhurst .—Edward Soy, engine-driver." liabilities, £63 I9s 3d: assets, £4: deficiency, £58 19s 3d. .Cansee.—Want of employment and' loss'af time, labor, and expenses in a tribute. -The brewers of Melbourne and its Bubnrbs ore, it seema, resolved to do tdl that in them lies to prevent the recoiMnee «f poisoning throngh *he!B«e of foul littles. The mattw has lwen.4aken ita band % the trade as &' •bSdy,iand was fully tfiscb&ted; at a meeting of the Brewers' Giab held at Clements' Cife on Monday. The members present conralted HesBn yBlafckett,, Johnaoa, and M' Ivor, atialyacal cbemista, who attended W appointment, and ultimately those gentleto take Mr. Cosmo fiewbery iato their connsels, tad tpgatiur him to draw , up a joint recomn\endaas to the best ntaua of cleansing akd purify bottjes fee twwMt* we, T It is porhapg, not generally khowa tfeat cerscwia aeilisg cidor withotU a licence are liable to a fine oi' aacMstbe case, e&. t^ 64th section of thft Liceaang 4ct stat«;tiiat I/iqtjor- shaji wean stoy wine, sjiirito, ale,'cider, "perry, er other spirituous or fermented liquors ci any intoxicating nature." Ii>iU thns be seen that cider is classed the Met. .oC liquors, the le^cknate^e of tvhicb a licenoe is rejoiced tv the JicenBing Act. p.uriflg j^ejiumcoer rMn^JsTiliis^verage issold ettenslyely by sniaH ^tore-keepers^ one of whom says the Benthgfr &i;»e?tiser, was -snannftned iiy the inspector ol public hoases qt tine ^aglehawk Police Court on 'Saturday. ' 1'be defendant stated that ihfi psepamaoa was a siajple botfife-made bbierage, anil "that she did not know that it was necessary to take ont a license to sell it.. The inspector of public bosses intimated, that it was required'by 'the Act to. take oat a licence similar, to that beld by aelleEs ot colonial wine, but tie bench disfntssed the case with. caution to defendant. The inspector of pujblic houses brought this case np.es a trial one,.and."intends to. proceed against &U; pessdos selling cider for the future. A correspondent who has Decently visited the scene of the wreck of theXpch. Ard in l^ftjj states that since that time various and only partial attempts have been made tso recover iSe cargo. The vessel, with heri«ack brokeD,. sank in some .59, isthoms of water^ between an immense masa ot a detached portion of cliff and the mainland, with, 8auken rocks on both sidea of her. The sea breaks in at the point' of the coast wi'.U great force, and very rarely ia there- an interval ot calm;.so. that the chances of getting aoy more ot the catgo are very improbable, The atrip of Mind beach, near Mr. Gibsons house, ie atiU strewn wish, the sad memorials of the wreck->-wood and iron —=}>ortiocx oi the-masiB and the interior fittings ot the doomed vessel, -andoccasionally useful and e.veo valuable articles float (a.tiiaat pa*t of the coasts A-hat-brush was picked up by tbe correspondent just Bbo.ve high water mark in i*n excellenx state ol preserva- tion, showing thai it had not long left the ship. Quite recently Mug. Gibson received a letter f-om Miss Cajcm'cbael, acknowledging the receipt of a few bads of a gower that blooms oa ber mo riser's grave^ t'tie young- lady so. woaderfully resouad is stilL u.nroarried. is living witb her frien.ds^ 