ACTA POPULI. ' ' By the Fianetje. Frank Maxted, of thiB city, wrote an opera, or perhaps it would be more in accordance with truth to say he didn't. The fact, however, re mains that this Buccaneer Maxted lately conspired with one Lewis Scott to bring out a work that would bo remembered when Moyerbeer, Verdi, and even Grand Father's Clock would bo for gotten ; and if it hadn't been for the timely inter, vention of Providenco, they would now have accomplished their diabolical scheme. Lewis was to unearth the plot and poetry, and Frank was to build the music. With the exception of all the houses in Maxted's neighbourhood being gradually emptied, and Lewis's raven locks turn ing slightly green, everything jogged smoothly on until hi3t Tuesday, when it was suddenly discovered that, owing to a little oversight on the part of Lewis, all the characters in the piece vsere killed in the first act, and the only possible way by which tho opera could bo carried on was by the aid of Spiritualism, but, as both Lewis and Frank are staunch teetotallers, it is not at alf'likely they will take to tliio — their last resource. To make mat ters worse, a slight coolness has sprung up be tween author and composer, tho former having hilled tho latter for £20, being the amount ex pended on ink and paper, and the latter having reciprocated by charging Lowi3 a guinea for every day he was music digging. Of course the usual results followed : Maxted said he wouldn't wrap Haymarket butter up in Lewis's pootry for fear of spoiling it (the butter), and Lewis at onco re plied that Frank's music would drive a Chinese barber to scalp his mother-in-law. Frank shouted, ' Got out of my house, or I'll throw you out,' and finally Lowio skipped into the street and invited the gifted composer to come outside and do it — which I may liore remark ho didn't. After all, it's- pity this opera fell through, because in^'its way it was quite a novelty. Tho iime the events wero supposed to occur was ibout a quarter to 8 on the first of April, 1720, aud the scene was laid in one of tho South Sea islands, because, as Mr. Boucicault Scott ob served, one scono would do for tho 'whole concern, and the costumcB could be bought for something under tonpence. All tho principal basso would require would_ be an American axe, a coat of ?jtripod paint, and a tin of fat would clothe the tenor for at least two seasons ; tho soprano would merely require a sixponny string of blue beads, aud a feather stuck through the contralto's nose would complete a set of toilctes which would be us cheap as they would bo attractive. All the properties required would be a large iron pot to cook the chorus of missionaries in, a figure-head of Sir Henry Parkes for a sort of god, and a fellow to take the tickets. The overturo was plannod on the Iiossinian style, and contained ..a charming andante afl'cluoso for a small-tooth comb muffled with brown paper, and a^sparlsling allegro in thirty-five flats for a hurdy- gurdy, accompanied by sevon-and-twenty drums, and as many cannons as the Permanent Force could sparo without inconveniencing the officers' fowls that roost upon thom ; and then the curtain should rise on scone the first. This scene was to have represented tho kitchen garden of liig Serene Highness|Il Ducca di Ranke Poo, and strolling about amongst tho cabbages, etc., would be soon tho lovely form of his only che-ild, La Donna Elvira Poo. Her confidante) Donna Isabella Caphipps, now appears, and starts a chat about the woathei^ and old Mrs, M'Gud geon's now hat, and the measlos, and so on, when suddonly tho tenor, having piled up a few bricks outside, lifts his groasy head for an instant above the wall, and then falls over backwards into a large but totally uncalled-for cactus. The soprano immediately throws up both hands, and exclaims ' O Ciel.' (All sopranos do this — it's part of their religion.) Aud by this time Don Arturo Johnson has swarmed over the wall, and, placing his arm round Elvira's waist tells horjall about the Dulcigno question. The orchestration here is capital, the mournful notes of the German flageolet boing constantly inter rupted by the strings, who give out sounds ro sombling those caused by about 25,000 cows bald ing their hoofs out of a black bog. Suddonly the horn of Ranke Poo is heard in the distance, and Don Arturo Johnson, after dancing madly around like a flea on a hot plate, settles down, and swear ing etornal venganco, declaims tho grand reci tative — ' Io sou soasofra, too fo furn, I'll liavo this tor-ratur's he-lud whon ho doth come.' Elvira implores mercy for her Pa, but Johnson says he sold out hia stock of mercy long ago, and sings — ' What ! spare this villain vilo ? 110 nivor. Why tho fellow oat my father's liver.' To which the weeping daughter replies — ' Suppose ho did — well what of that ? You know, Arturo, wo wero rather short of fat.' Ranke Poo and his army now rush in 5 Arturo Johnson blows a horn ; 7000 bushwackers run to the rescue ; they fight, and ail handB aro killed ox-, cept Elvira, who drinks poison out of a gingerbeer bottle, and is finally lugged off by a chicken-logged super, who, being tho only man now alive, must either carry out tho rest of the opera on his own hook, or throw up his billet and become an elec tioneering agent. Curtain falls to very slow music, and an industrious youth polkas round with appleB, orangeB, lemonade, and a bill. Happy thought. Montefioro, Joseph, and Co. have lately imported an article called 'The Perpetual Watch.' Wow, how would it act if tho Mayor bought a gross of those valuables, and told them off to watch the accounts of the Corporation ? The Rev. John Dowio goes homo by the next mail; but whether he's going home to unseat Gladstone, or to pull the head off Hanlan, is not at present known. There are some v/ho say ho is merely going to convert the French Jesuits from their awful ways, and persuade thom to re pent and road the Herald ; and there are others who again say ho is either engaged to squaro up the Baouto war, or see what a show the ' Kellys ' would havo at Covent Garden. I am of opinion, however, that all theso roports aro humbug, and John Alexander is simply going homo to order a monstor statuo to bo mado, of tho generous Samaritan who, it is Gaid, kindly forced him to accopt £20,000. Now that I think of it again, perhaps he's only going home to find the good Samaritan. I notice he hao been rather scarce of lato, and besides, John's Umbrella leais like an old Nowcastlo oollioi', Now-a-days, if a lady wishes to buy a reel of cotton or a pcnii}' stamp, sho arms herself with a pink parasol and a fancy bag that would bo cheap at five guineas ; but two generations ago the fashion was slightly different. Whon ono of the first families sallied out then, sho simply took an old stocking acrosa her arm ; in the foot of this sho would carefully stow away her toa, sugar, candles, and other combustibles ; at the other polo she would huddle up tho castor oil, jewellery, novels, pills, butter, and candy for little Johnnie ; tho spaco betweon would bo occupied with bath bricks, eggs, hair oil, pipos, &e.;, and hor back hair was generally roomy onough to stow away tho old man's tobacco and othor littlo nick-nacks which were then deoimblo. Those woro tho good old days, and woman's rights woro things unhoard of. Sho had plenty of wrongs, liowover, and these kept her amused just as woll— porhaps a little more so. As a child from Zion's Mount would say, 'Docs any von vant to puy a vatch ?' Became if they do, I would advise them to turn over to pago 21, and read the epistle thereon from tho Rodanow mill at Boston. Seventeen shillings will buy a watch that could no more lie than George Washington or a special war correspon' dont could, and ten shillings more will purchase one that will go in oither saddle or harness or take a ton of bricks up Druitt-strect. Two pounds will buy ono with a gold case, a crystal face, and diamond caps, and as many rubies, pearls, and amethysts thrown in as would fill a bag ; but the watch for £15 ir- somothing more than human. It knows tho days, date, weeks, months, years» and can toll to tho fifteenth part of a second whon tho sun will rise, and what is the best time to plant potatoes. It iu a member of four debating classes, and can argue upon any of the leading quoutions of tho day, from oyster fisheries up to tho crinoline movement ; it knows a recipe for making hens lay twico a day ; it can rock a eradlo and spank tho baby with all the tendor care of a mother j it had a brother who uood to split rails with Abraham Lincoln ; and I need scarcely say it is strongly in favour of tho prosent Education Act. To a bushman a watch like this is even bettor than a good conscienco, because he can rise in the morning, take out its internals * and have a cold bath in the cover, after which he can grill a steak across the face, pick his teeth with tho hands, and at night lie hao only to open it out, stick four props underneath, and behold he has a doublo-brcasted bedstoad that would bo fit for tho Czar of Russia. It docs a lot of othor things as well, but I can't remember thom juBt at present, and I want to confino myself to cortain ties ; but I can safely say that co long as a man has a watch like this he need never bother about looking out for a wife and family. According to Saturday's IScho, Scotch whisky is a sovereign remedy for all discasoo that fish are heir to. That's just liko tho IScho people . Having kept very temperate lately, thoy evidently consider it's time some other journal had an innings, aud they havo therefore trumped up this fish yarn aB a sort of justification for the number of ' dead marines' which have been since observed in their back promises. What is good for fish must of course be good for fleBh, and J udgo Hargrave's lato assertion that a whisky straight is tho price of a pressman's principle seems to bear a greater amount of truth than our official utterances are supposed to carry. Thank you, judge, mine's shandy. I am pleased to find that since the visit of the Q.ueen of Shcba to Solomon, and tho starting of the ' Young Ladies Journal ,' aristocratic names are becoming highly popular. Some youngsters now toddle about under the woight of a string of names that would reach from this to Petro paulovski, and few parents are now so poor as to be only able to afford six. Last Friday I was distributing tracts, or courting a cook-shop girl (I forget which) in a littlo lane off Kent-street, and tho population of this lano seemed to run about fifty children to tho square yard. Pre sently a ragged, gory-headed woman stuck her frame through a window, and yelled out, ' You Reginald Augustus Montmorency Fitzclarence Charles Edgardo De Montfort Smith, get hold of this 'ere jug, and get your father a pint of colonial, smart, or he'll shift your oars for you.' Master R-. A. M., &c.;, at tho time, was busily employed making mud pics with a fow othor ani mated rags, and he had hardly risen to save hia ears whon another window opened opposite, and yet another dilapidated old lady screamed, ' Angelina Yictorina Celostina Serapliina Maud Louise Florence JinJis, of you don't eomo right in 'ere to onnb, an fcunj this blessed mangfe, I'll skip outside and clout your bloomin' head off.' I got out of that lane with my life at last, and now I want to give every parent a guinea who christens hia' child Patrick, providing I got, a penny from all tho others who own a Reginald Au guatus MontmoYency. It was electioneering time in Iho city of Rome about 1850 years ago, and flic bar ot the hotel kept/ by Punchus James was pretty crowded. All | the political talent, wore scattered about di^cuss ing the co uing crisis, and spitting about the stove, \7l1en a lank, grey-headed, seedy- looking old clod hopper from aerosu the Tiber sailod in, and said, ' ' Gentlemen, I'm only a stranger about the.se ? yer parts, but p'rnps you'll try a wet at my expense. Inotanlly ev.ery patriot' sprang to hio | feet; politico wero; for tho time forgotten, and the air was filled with the]orics of, '' Long beer,' 'P. B.,' 'Whisky straight.,' 'Gin an' soda,' ' Put a lemon in mine,' ' Wluir's tho nutmeg ?' &c.;, and ton minutes elapsed before tho stranger could get a hearing. When things quietened down, howevor, ho turned hio back to the bar, and gazing sadly around, obsorvod, ' I'm only a new chum about theoo parts, gentlemen, an' maybe some of you knows whoi'Q a handy man could get a job or two.' w D'yo think you could play the piano, or milk a cow?' askod Marcus Cato. ' Well, no,' roplied tho stranger; 'fact is I never did caro ior astronomy much, but I'm a staunch oupporter of tho prosont Education Act.' ' How would it go,' said Artcmidoruo, ' if you took a boss an cart ovor across the Thracian district and distributed tracts, and peddled cedar hams and Queensland rum amongst the poor bonighted heathens ? Tho good causa at present oadly wants a zoalou.^ earnest worker.' ' Woll, to toll you tho truth, mister,' returned tho bushey, ' my constitution's not tho boot, and I couldn't well hold up on a big journey ; but I'm strongly in favour of tho present Education Act.' ' Yido me,' paid Chickpea Cicero, as ho stirred up the sugar in his glass, ' do you know anything about the law ; or, on your oath, mind, do you really consider your | abilities aro ouch as to justify your accepting the office of copying clerk in tho Insolvent Court, or acbing as a sort of a poundkoepor ?' 'Wo, sir,' replied the man from ovor the Tiber firmly, ' J am thoroughly ignorant of both theso branches of navigation, but I will do all in my power to support the present Education Act.' ' Deciu3 Brutus was telling me over at the gladiator show last week,' drawlod Metellus Cimbor, ' that hia brothor Marcus wanted a fellow to stick up pino in a skittle alloy, and toac-h the kiddies' how to swim— think you oould do any. thing in that lino, chawfat, dh ?' ' Well, no,' said the Btrangor, mournfully; 'I never had much ochoolin' ; but I'm thoroughly sound on tho present Education Act.' ' Look hero, old man,' said C. Antoniuo, ' we're getting full of this. Have you tho ghost of an idea of any ether subject in this world besides tho present Educa tion Act you blow go much about ?' The stranger's faco was immediately lit with a heavenly smilo, and, taking oft his cabbage-tree hat, ho replied, ' No, sir ; fact io, I am thoroughly ignorant of everything olso ; but I'm dead rats on tho prosont Education Act.' 'Then,' said C. Antonius, ' you're just the man wo want. To- night I'll proposo you to the Boyne Lodge ; to-morrow you will be elected for Roma West, and in the course of timo we'll mako you Premier.' And it came to pass the man of one idea sailed in and prospered. Plaudite. ' Heaven is not reached by a single bound,' neither is the post-office clorlc 'who shuns his tailor. Gaffney's boy found this out on tho 1st -of last October. There was ' a littlo account,' as usual, and tho boy politely asked a letter carrier where ho could find Mr. Augustus Ohiselim. Tho man of lettoro said on tho third floor. A portor on this floor sent him up three flights higher to tho tolograph room, and one of the operators thore kindly directod him to climb 117 stops more, and knock at tho first door ho camo to. He had previously oaten a hearty breakfast, and when ho reached that door and a red- noBod young man, with innocence in his looks and part of a savoloy in his hand, stepped gently out and informed him that if he skipped up ninety- four steps more and crawled out on the roof, ho would find Mr. Chiselim winding up the clock, Gaffney's boy began to wish that his poor but respectable parents had mado him a black smith, or a coal miner, or a bullook-drivor, or anything else less trying to hio delicate frame than collecting debts for a master tailor. Finally, however, lie got on tho roof, and tho innocent young man, creeping softly up, locked the door inside, and Gaffney's boy enjoyed a bird's-eye view of tho harbour until 3 p.m.; at lenot ho oould have done no. if ho hadn't folt so lonesome. ' ' At 3 p.m. a fat old gentleman troopod ou£) and began to hoist a flag, after which he kicked Gaffney's boy down two flights of stairs, where ho was stopped by a stamp clorlc, who told him confidentially that Chiselim worked in the cellar, but asked aa a special favour not to say ho told him. Gaffney's boy gave a knowing wink with hio off eye, and jogged along until ho camo to the cellar, whore a tolograph lad bailed him up and told him Augustus was a money ordor clerk, and ho workod ' just up there,' pointing to a window about 70 feet abovo tho pavement. Gaffney's boy began to climb once moro, but ho must have missed tho window; for, after half an hour's trudge, he mot a bald-headed old gentleman, who told him Chioelim's room was ' way back, about half a mile towards Pitt- street ;' and after prancing up about sis miles ol stairs, and tailing down three, ho fetched up at last in front of a room whore two young men wero spearing flies and talking politics, and one of these in answer to an inquiry informed Gaffney's boy that the unhappy Chiselim doparted this life at twonty-soven minutes pa3t; four on the previous Friday. The strangest part of the affair is that the party who gave this information was no other than Mr. Augustus Chiselim himself, but excessive hours of laborious toil had probably turned his brain and memory. Gaffney's boy now walks on crutches, and Gafrnoy himself collcets his bills by the aid of a balloon and bycicle. CORRECTION. — In the paragraph with reference to M. Rush last week, in the tenth line, read, 'who is not only a sculler,' instead of ' who is not a sculler.' 