Notes on Current Events. It will be remembered by those who attended the lioturas of Mrs. Hsrdinge Britten, in this oity, that that inspired lady displayed considerable ingenuity in answering the questions wbieh she used to invite from tbe audience (it the oon olusion of emeh discourse. Sometimes there were nnsArs nronnundtKl ralatiTA to hits. teries of spiritaaliem, but on such occasions Mrs. Britten bad a happy knack of shifting her ground, and centrally managed to very cleverly get away. She bos, it appears, been less fortunate of late. At the close of a lecture recently de livered in America, she was, for once, fairly cor nered, and by no loss a person than Dr. Tanner, of fasting celebrity. Mrs. Britten hod been eloquently explaining to her hearers her theory respecting the wonderful feat performed by the doctor, and which she described as a triumph of mind over matter. She had contended that-his long abBtujencejfrom food was attributable to the nourishment which he derived from the aroma of viands floating in the air. To secure the necessary supply of this impalpable! diet, the doctor, she said, had been careful to try his experiment in the centre of a large population. Under other conditions euoceas would have been impossible. Such, for instance, as in tbe open country, where ' the chameleon's dish' would have been unpro vided with tbo above-mentioned ingredients, and that it' tbe doctor had absorbed only air pure ana simple, he would nave bad to give up the ghost long before the expira tion of the 40 days. Having delivered this revelation, Mrs. Britten, it ee»ni5, expressed her willingness to afford further information on the subject. To her surprise. Dr. Tanner himself stepped on the stage, and begged to assure her that her spiritual guides had, in this instance, Isd her quite astray. His experience enabled him to positively assert that the etberealteed food theory was a. humbug, as he had found that the pangs of hunger were much more severely felt in a great city than in tbe solitude of the prairie. It is not recorded that the spirits, through the median] of the fair lecturer, undertook to controvert the doctor's statement. The free seleotors' delegates, now assembled In conference, would do well before separating to place netore tne puniio au accurate statement at the organisation which they represent, and the instructions which they have received. Mr. Garrett rudely terms them ' dummy re presentatives of the squatters,' an ex pression which we cannot think appro priate. That many of them are not free selectors themselves must be admitted; but they may, nevertheless, faithfully represent those who ate tona fide (electors, Their representative character, however, depends entirely upon tbe instructions given to them, and until these are produced, and the number of seleotors wbo assented to these instruction', the Sydney public are not in a position to judge of the value of the conclusions of the conference. We can seareely believe that the instructions can have been so general as to justify the majority of delegates taking a prominent part in a protec tionist meeting. 'Wee it to discuss the hind laws or to assist the League for tho Encouragement of Native Industries that tuo delegates were sent to Sydney? Perhaps they will vonohsafe a reply. 