THE LOUNGER. I think we should set our youngsters to work /" collect for the Irish fund. Iam sure that .'Odr®cont sum could be gathered by these inde- ryigable little canvassers in subscriptions, whose minimum might be a penny and whose maximum could be fixed at sixpence. I know that many people do not give because they are ashamed to give little. People don't care — albeit 'tie a poor spirit that rules thorn — to give a shilling while their neighbors' names figure for pounds ; and the wrong is not in frequent that they give amounts which they cannot afford, and which in their loss mast bring them muoh annoyance and inconve nience. But Bmall sums might be collected by our youngsters iu pennies and threepenny bits, which, in the total, would figure very respectably in the sum we send home. Two or three hundred thousand peneo are not to be sneered at, and I have always found that this method of collecting small amounts tells most favorably. No moans should bo for- gatten in this cause, to raise the wind fur poor Paddy in his sore distress, and I think that if we set the boys and girls of our State schools to work, they would Boon givd'us a good account of their labors. The most absurd stories were afloat on Saturday as to Mr Berry's action in relation, to The Happy Laud. I was told, in all serious ness, that the honorable gentleman had taken the Governor's box far six weeks, in order to prevent its occupation by vice- royalty, I fancy that my Lord, did he wiBh to see the fun, would not be thwarted by such a device. If lie determined to witness the pluy and chuckle over the satire — if there is any in it, the which I doubt, —he is just the man to perch himself up in the gallery, and munch nuts and oranges with all the zeBt of a thoroughbred cherubiin. But of course tho story is humbug, Mr Berry was certainly weak, to my thinking, in placing an embargo upon the production of the play ; although ha doubtless acted under an impulse of irritation, which was not unnatural. But that he would go the length my gossip reported is clearly incredible ; and of course the story has no foundation other than thntof the brilliant fancies of tho atory tailors — a class that flourishes in Melbourne. Eating my luncheon the other day at a caravanserai in Little Collins street, a neigh bor stopped in the act of placing a morsel of beef in his mouth, and looking at n little shrewd-eyed man, who was making a desperate onslaught upon seme cold mutton, said, "Nuckles." The little man nodd-d, and bolted a muscular bit of mutton, " NuokleB," said the other, "I was asked by Mr Struggles to day to search up records of the commeooament of Mr Slack's litigious career. Now I'm bothered to know how far to go baok. Perhaps . you know." "I ehould think so," replied the little man with a superior knowledge sort of look, "I should think so. Let mq see; this is eighty - Humph ! he has beea a tough ua. You'll find, if you turn up the law list ill the papers of the 4th October, 1855, in Equity reports, Slaek v. Clarke, demurrer for argu ment. I think that'd about the beginniug, end the I little man once more gmaufully attacked his mutton — as though it might have been a demurrer and he was prepared to show excellent cause why it should be discussed- But his words took away my appetite. Twenty-nine yearn of law ! and the man is alive yet, and ready and willing for morel It is not often that we observe Buck a graphic illustration of abnormal taste, Is it? Lord Bereuford'a horse, which went mad after consuming a quantity of tea, is perhaps a parallel ; but that poor brute died, while Mr Slack lives— and I suppose there con be no question as to his sanity. But I think honestly that he would fall to pieces without bis bobby. I was told a very strange story the other day relative to that harmonious gentleman " Ballarat Joe." It was to the effect that the present personage who, enjoys the reputation of being the original article 1b nothing of the kind, but an admirable imitation. I was told, in short, that he is a good copy of an . old picture that bad long fallen from its place in the gallery of life. I am not, howover, certain that he claims to be other than a copy. To bo sure his name may be Joe, and he may hail from Ballarat, and so far may hove every right and reason to claim the name and re putation of the original Joe. Perhaps ho is Joe's ghost ; his psychcologic representative, condemned fcr the cruel agonies whioh its master once caused society, as organ grinder, to wander upon earth with his melancholy instrument; to fulfil, in short, the punishment of " one eternal grind," as Mr Mantilini observes of his own fate in con nection with his wife's mangle. However, the the matter is of no consequence, save that it still further supports the theory that there Is nothing original — not even in Ballarat Joes. Tea, coffee, wine, bread , tobacco— these are but fictions, or at best adulterated impositions; and why therefore ehould we feel surprise at a counterfeit presentment of a Ballarat Joe Go thy way, thou grinder of dismal harmony. You are not the only doliiBion which we suffer uuder civilisation. But perhaps you arc Joe after all, and if so, I bog your pardon for listening to those who impugned your identity. If you arc the original, I can only soy thnt you don't givo_ your former energy to the grinding .of that iinpos. ing instrument you possess. Give it more elbow grease, my man — eta you'll have your customers addressing you in tho manner of Mr Wardell in Piokwiok, "Joe, d n the the fellow, he'a asleep again." That was a graphic speech which Mr Bent delivered at Maryborough last Saturday, evon- ing. When he came forward to speak, some people in the hall cried "What is your name?" and Mr Bent replied ptomptly, "Thomas Bent; I'm a cabbage grower, and proud . to own it," at whioh there was great applause. Then Mr Bent said that the working men had sent him to Parliament, and same- body ejaculated "You are not true to tliom ; whereupon Mr Bent retorted, signifi cantly, "Let that person soyas muoh outside. 1 So far the speech was really refreshing, nnd presently when some person cried out, " Ser vice is going to make a whip of you," and Mr Bent answered that he " threw baok the vile assertion to the low mind that gave it utter ance," it became most animating and quite in the stylo of Mr Potta's editorials. We are told that this remark excited loud applause, wh'qjgAvas increased whon tho honorable goo- l tf exclaimed that "If that man would b 'fDCill him tho Bnme thing outside he m J—f punch his head for him." Alto i ills- tho free and independent electors _ of MSVoorough wore treated to some genuine stonewall oratory, for, fallowing Mr Bent, Mr Gaunson mado a Bpoeoh crammed with tho adjectives of vltuporatiou. I suppose I am hypercritical, hut I really think this kind of address is scarcely of an intellectual order. Punching the head of a person, for oxample, who 1b guilty of a rudo and untruthful asser tion may bo a very legitimate course; but it ie scarcely consistent with our theoretical Idea of the elovated ohnraoter of the legislator to. find it n point of hie speech to the public. However, Mr Bent is, I know, an honest man; and as ho doubtless meant what ho said, there may ba no good moral grounds for objection. It is all a matter of taste, as the old lady commented, when ahe gazed through her Bpcctaolca &t; the portrait of Ootewftyo, taken as he sat la the light and airy costumo of nothloglat all. THE WEATHER. The weather to-day has been extremely op pressive, and a hot wind from tho north has been blowing all tho morning. Tho thermometer at Messrs Joseph Brothers, in Swanston street, registered as follows in the shade At 0 a.m., 87deg„ at 10 a.m.. 04 deg., at 11 a.m. 07 deg., at noon 09 deg., and at 1 p.m. 100 deg, At 12,30 tho ther- mrimeter at Messrs Gaunt Bros, showed 90), degrees in the shade, and 102 in the sun, and at 12.45 Messrs Kasnor and Moss's in a very eool spot registered 93J in tho shade, and tho mercury was rapidly rising. To-day has been the hottest day this season, the next hottest boing only 89 deg. in the Bhade. The mrximum orto-day'a heat has not yet been attained, and there iB not tbe slightest doubt that unless tho wind changes, to-day will prove the hottest day since 15th December, 187B, when the thermometer registered lOldeg. in the shade, 