THE OLD SERMON. The solemn hush of midnight is brooding over tho earth ; Alone in my state and splendour, I wait for tho new day's birth. No sound breaks in on the stillness, no voice in tho eilenoe calls, So heavy the velvet hangings, so thick are my study wallB. I would sit in the daekv silence, and rest both heart and brain, And gather strength for the warfare that day brings on again ; Bnt a picture cornea in the darkness of a piece I knew when u boy, And it chills the heart that is throbbing with the flush of worldly joy. 'Tis a simple churoh in a meadow-land, Where I sec^a white-haired pastor Btand, Who warns his fiook with uplifted hand : ' Except ye be like the obildren, Ye oannot enter in.' There's a glitter and glory around mo that is. born of a guinea's shine; I measure a thousand aores, and know that Iheir wealth is mine j I hear in the Bhont of the gaping orowd the homage they bear my name — It ia written in radiant letters on the glitter ing roll of fame ; The Bound of the words I utter is eohoed from land to land, And the helm that sways a nation is trnBted within my hand ; But my heart grows faint like a woman's when the dnsk at twilight nears, And I dread the solemn midnight when that white-haired man appears ; For Bonl and spirit beoome perplexed ; I dread tho words that aro coming next, The awful Bound of that simple text : ' Exoept ye bo liko tho children, Yo oannot enter in.' Long and fieroe was the struggle that plaoed mo upon the height ; I wrought with, u will for the lustra that haa mado my name so bright ; I won mo a crown ol laurel, and wreathed it around my brow, And the wounds of the mighty conflict I bear about me now. And mine is tho right of resting, of pausing awhilq in tho strife, For I fought the fight like a victor, and, con quered the thing called life. Bnt that picture will come in tho darkness, and stifle the firo-lights gloam, Till I pale aud shrink liko a culprit who is bound in a nightmare dream ; Fori see the old man standing thore, Tho lifted hands and whitened hair, Aud I hear tho trembling voice deelaro : ' Exoept yo be like the children, Ye aannot enter in.' So I sit alone in tho midnight, while the ghosts of the past flit by, And thoy warn me with shadowy fingers of tho ond that is drawing nigh ; I think of the life within me, of the fieroe and resistless will, And the frail and helploBB body that muBt lie . so cold nnd still, Till the quivering heart in my bosom grows faint and numb with fear, With dread of the awful summons that one day I'muBt hear; And I turn with a Bhudder of loathing from the power I Btooped to win; And I long for the heart of ohildhood, un touched, unsullied by sin ; , For the voice of truth falls on my ear, And memory calleth adown the years, ' While awed and frightened my soul still hears : ' Exoept ye bo like tho children, Ye oannot euter in.' A Yodno Soiiatcheb — Meeting a news boy whose faco was Bcarrod with scratches and lookqd liko a map of some great rail road centre, aKegister reporter asked tho youngster what tbo matter was, 'Feller spoke disrespectful of my sister; said he'd bet sho was cross-eyed, and I sailed in.' ' Is your fcietor cross- eyod 1' asked tlio re porter. ' Hain't got no sister,' was tho reply. ' It was tho prinoiplo of tho thing what I giit lioked lox. —Dct jHoim Register. 