RELIGIOUS STATISTICS. (Tablet.) It has been said that you may prove anything by statistics. It would probably be mure nearly correct to say that you can prove nothing by them. Perhaps the only conclusion which is clearly and irrefragably to be deduced from them is that numbers alone are no test of truth. It is one of the most prevalent notions of the day that the majority must be in the right. But to the attentive student, whether of the past Tiistory or present condition of the world, it would seein to be only too evident that the majority is almost always in the wrong. The Captain of our Salvation Himself, •when His cause was tried by those whom He condescended to call His brethren, was, as a great living writer has pointedly observed, "in a minority of "one." His own did not receive Him." And even now •the proportion of the human race which has assumed His easy yoke and light burden, and which, in name, constitutes His kingdom, is numerically small. The reputed citizens of His spiritual empire, the children of His Vicar on earth, are reck oil yd by statisticians at a hundred and .fifty-two millions only. And if to this number of Catholics we add the seventyfive millions of Eastern schismatics, and the one hundred millions of the various sects of Piotestants, from Anglicanism down to Mormonism, we arrive at a total of professed Christians -which represents no mo.u than twenty-six; percent, of the human race. On the other hand, the pro. lessors of Buddhism, in its various forms, reach the astounding figures of five hundred •millions—that is to say, they are more than three times as numerous as nominal Catholics. Even Hindus and Mahommedaus both outnumber us, the followers of the BrahminicaJ system being estimated nt one hundred and sixty millions, whilst the votaries of the false prophet are said to amount altogether to a hundred and fiftyfive millions. Such are the chief items of the religious statistics of the world, and it must be owned the picture they present is dark ^enough. It is an overwhelming, quite a piercing thought, if we reflect upon it, that eighty-eight per cent, of the sons of Adam are still external to the Church to which " alone belougeth the adoption of children, and the glory, the covenant, and the giving of the law, and the service of God and the promises;" that after well nigh two thousand years of Christianity in the world seven-eighths of the human race remain "incredulous to the heavenly vision." Nor is it even as if the oneeighth who bear the Catholic name were loyal to the teachings of their religion. "What are we to say of Catholic countries where the Vicar of Jesus Christ is outraged and robbed, where religion is plundered and insulted by law, where, '** by the national will," the Government is in the hands of those whose main object is to wage war upon faith and morals. How inany of the one hundred and fity-two .millions classed as Catholics should not rather be classed as Athiests, Sceptics, IndiSerentists, enemies of the Cross of .Christ, not disciples of it ? . It is, indeed, a relief to turn from the consideration of Catholicism in the world at large to the consideration of it among the English speaking portion of the worlds population. The widediff usion overthe habitable globe *>f the reuses which use our language;''and, to a greater or less degree, live under the same political -institutions as ourselves, is one of the moat striking and significant facts of .modern history, nor is it possible to/doubt that tbe future of the world must be. ,verv largely, affected by those races. And a jtiil more. momentous fact is the marvellous progress mode among them during the last century by the Catholic religion. Mr. Froude has recently noted, with characteristic bitterness, that while, in 1786, there was in the United States Twit one Catholic Bishop with fifty priests and twelve churches, six ahd a half millions of Catholics' must jtow be reokoned there with sixty-three •Bishops, five thousand; seven hundred and £ffcy. .priest?, ana five thousand five hundred ana eighty churches. In the.last twenty years the flocks and . their pastors have doubled. Looking at the great career which, beyond, doubt, lies before the iiiighty Republic, this must be accounted one of the most signal instanbeB of Catholic progress the world has for a long time known. The Catholics of England and Scotland are estimated roughly at two millions; those of Ireland at four millions, while two million! more are to be found in our various colonies and dependencies. We arrive, then, at a total of thirteen and a half million, of Catholios in the English speaking communities throughout the world, as against eighteen millions of Protestant Episcopalians, sixteen millions of Methodists of all varieties, sixteen and a half millions of tbe other Protestant sects, and eight and a half millions ' who are described as being of no particular religion.'' Thus Catholicism, has won the allegiance r of one sixth, roughly speaking, of the English speaking races, a most cheering fact, where so much is dark and dreary. Once more. If we turn to this island of Great Britain, in particular, there can be no doubt as to the great advance which Catholicism has made here of late years. 2Jo doubt, the sanguine anticipations raised in the minds of many of us by the course and issue of Tractarianism have, as yet, been fulfilled only in imperfect measure. It was natural to expect very great results from a movement which had made trial of Anglicanism as it had never been tried before, and which had brought home to the most loyal, the most devoted, the most disinterested of its defenders, that the Established Church rested on no divine foundation but on an Act of Parliament. It was natural to regard the illustrious band of converts whom that move ment brought to the obedience of faith as but the pioneers of a mighty army, the first fruits of an ample harvest. In truth the accessions to the Catholic Church, directly and indirectly due to the Oxford movement, are numerically far from inconsiderable. As the Catholic Union have expressed it in their recent petition to the Pope, "all ranks of society in England have witnessed a consider able number of men and women who have given up the errors of the Protestant sects in which they have been educated, and especially the errors of the Church of England, and have embraced the Catholic faith." But mere statistics are quite insufficient to enable us to judge of the importance of these conversions. They must be weighed, not counted. Nor is it reasonable to expect that the grave lessons taught by the examples and writings of such men as the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster and Cardinal Newman, the two Wilberforces, Canon Oakeley, Mr. Colin Lindsay, and Mr. Allies (to mention a few out of the many eminent names in the elder generation of converts) should at once be fully learnt. The address presented to Cardinal Newman last August by the Norfolk House Committee truly affirmed that one result of the Tractarian movement had been to impress upon thinking minds that the Church of England " could never again be defended upon the ground of authority." But how many minds are capable of thinking clearly, calmly, and courageously upon such a subject ? Anglicanism, indeed, is discredited as a system, and can hardly again hope to secure the adhesion of clear, logical, penetrating intellects, except perhaps in the case of a few who find themselves among its professional defenders, and in whom the temper of the advocate prevails over that of the judge. The more promising young men at the two great Universities turn away from its ministry; turn away, alas! in most cases to Agnosticism, Indifferentism or a faint possible Theism. The Establishment may be said to have lost whatever hold it once possessed upon the intelligence of the country. " There are only two realities in the world, Bome and Babylon," the late Mr. Thackeray is reported to have said. It is something that the true issue should be discerned clearly by men, even though so many of them choose darkness rather than light. It is a gain, and no inconsiderable gain, that the claims of the Catholic Church are Feen by the higher intelligence of tbe country to be (as Mr. Mallock has expressed it) "the only ones worth considering" among the many put forward by the multitudinous forms of Christianity. Meanwhile the Church has again been set up in. Great Britain. After three terrible centuries she has come " out of prison, as collected in her teaching, as precise in her action, as when she went into it. She comes out with pallum and cope, and chasuble, and stole, and wonder-working relics and holy images. Her Bishops are again in their chairs, and her priests sit round, and the perfect vision of a majestic Hierarchyrises before our eyes." Think of Catholics as they were in England at the beginning of the century. The greatest living master of our language—perhaps the greatest'that ever lived—has drawn the picture—"a gens Itwifttga . > . ... found in corners, and alleys, and cellars, and the house-topB, or in the recesses of the country ; cut off from the populous woi'ld around them ; and dimly seen, as if through a mist or in twilight, as ghosts flitting to and fro, by the high Protestants, the lords of the earth." It is not necessary to do more than point to those times.* We may still he a feeble folk in this island; only two millions as : against the thirteen 1 millions of Protestant Episcopalians ; the poorest, the most ; struggling, the most calumniated of the multitudinous "religious denominations", of tour country. But yet, the'progress j^hich Church is made is so real, so great, eyep judged by the imperfect measures that wc are,compelled to use, that we may well thank God and take 1 courage. ' ' " Ms. SERVICE and all MB colleagues in the Assembly were on the 12th inst. re-elected without opposition. 