OUR HOLIDAY ARTICLE. From a holiday point of view Easter has so far been well spent. Taking advantage of the few days' cessa tion from toil and the requirements of everyday busi ness routine, vast crowds, as far as Ballarat is con- earned, availed themselves of 'this time afforded them of haring a thorough, outing. Although hundred* of holiday-maker* sought change of scans in ■ ■pending their leiaure time abroad, and took the fullest advantage of ehaap trains to accomplish that abject,- ■till the inaoming of strangers quite balaneed the exodus, and the consequence wu Ballarat and it* imme diate district formed a gathering ground fora very large. number of person*, bent upon making the moat, of the autumnal holiday*. In Ballarat proper The Lake and Gardens Presented their usual attraotire'features, and what with the resplendent weather on Good Friday, and the facilities for hearty enjoyment offered, by ’bus, cab, ■teamboat, and the surroundings generally of a pleasant spot, drew a very large concourse of people around the lake shores, on the water, and at the gardens. The amusements selected were varied, and a big programme offered was-most thoroughly appreciated and made the most of by some thousands of people. Amongst other lake attractions was the Angling at 1 the Lake, Which, aa far as wo could learn, provoked the greatest amount of pleasure, and iasome instances profit, to those indulging in the good old English pastime. Borne lucky fellows by dint of perseverance aad .no little skill made excellent baskets of perch, while others, and perhaps the majority, found that a poor return of fish was amply compensated for in the defights which accompanied a few hours’ sojourn in one of the most pleasant holiday' ■pats in Australia. The up-country visitors take back with them the moat pleasing reminiscences of Wendouree, and they have told us that they have found the place whereat to spend a plaasant and profitable holiday out ing. Wo some to Bowing. - The City Bowing Club took advantage of Good Fri day's holiday to conclude it* Scratch Four events. The weather being very fine the contests were rowed under the moss favorable and pleasant auspices. In the trials, M'Naughton beat Baylee by nearly four lengths, and Sutton beat Barnes by more then that distance. In the first heats M'Naughton beat Kortlang, and Sutton beat Johns. The final event was a splendid contest, and resulted iu M’Naughton beating Sutton by little more than a nose. Our Cricketers Spent the day in the pursuit of their favorite game, soma impromptu matches being got up, principally on the Eastern Oval, where willow-wielding and leather hunting, good and healthful exercise, and much enjoyed recreation made up a day in every way satisfactory to the votaries of cricket. There was a fair attehdanee bn the oval, and the game wai vigorously carried out by ■ those engaged iu it. • Swimming Matches. AtGrimhley’s Baths on Good Friday a series of swim ming matches were held. The events were keenly-com peted for, some of the lads showiag very considerable skill in the art. A number of spectators were present, but were outnumbered by the competitors, some of them mere children, who however took to tho water as though “ to tho manner born.” After the competition a dinner was held, at which the competitors were present. The following is the programme with results ; —Open handicap, 220 yds, £1—6. Towl, 1st; T, Lyoll, 2nd. Running headers, 7s fid—W. Collins, 1st, Diving for distance, 10s—J. O'Neill, 1st; Bailev, 2nd; under 14, 7s fid—B. Ham, 1st. fleseue, 10s— Bonaldson and Aahworth divided. Walking greasy pole, 5s— B. Batten, lat. Consolation stakes, 5s—J, Towl. Duck hunt, 10s—G. Towl. Picnic Parties, . Taking advantage of the glorious weather sometimes denied at Eastertide, were numerous. The wat*r re serves presents!, perhaps, one of the chief attractions to folk desirotuPsf spending a happy dsy away from the haunts of men. The isolated village of Fellmongera— now Gong Gong—was alive with joyous crowds, some bent upon angling iu the cool depths of Kirk’s and Fin eott’s, others anxious to view—many for the first time— the almost historical Gong 6ong._ Others, again, in search of fern-deoked glades; or anxious to explore the dense forest slopes beneath, which the Fellmongera'. Creak gurgles an amber atream through dark and damp declivities, moss-grown and rank with lichen and para sitical. vegetation, the silent retreat of the now all but extinet Australian kingfisher, the retreat of the dark, shy, and speckled trout, and where perchance the soli tary water-rail may be disturbed in hia favored haunts. From the granite heights arose the merry peal of laughter, and from the damp stream below curled wreaths of smoke, betokening the presanca of those who closed around the well-worn “ billy,” and told' tales of other outings long'gone by, and pledged by the camp fire vows to most again. At Bnrrambeot there were numerous picnic parties, some gunning, others fishing; there was feasting and merriment and general holiday. Lai Lai, Buninyong, and a host of other holiday centres, j too, had taoh a fair sprinkling of those w.ho devoted the day to perhaps the best of all uses—the pursuit of health and. invigorative amusements. Oar sporting residents devoted themselves to the pleasures of the field, amongst which may be (numerated Coursing. A numerously attended private courting match took place on Good Friday on the estates of tks Hon. P. ; Bussell and Mr Wilson, Mount Emu. Nearly a dozen vehicles, all wall laden, together with more than a score of ladies and gentlemen - well mounted, took the field. The weather was very fins, and some good trials were obtained for the dogs—chiefly saplings from the kennels of Messrs Brazenor, B. Hepburn, and Hughan; of Ballarat. The country visited was picturesque, and the arrangements made fitted in admirably with the general holiday outing. Luncheon j proved a most enjoyable feature of the day’s proceed- I ings. Eaeh took a basket filled with good things, and when the contents of the vast array of hampers were spread on tho sward, a most appetising feast was pre sumed. Wine having been uncorked the party became merry, and Mr Hepbam at the right time and in a ; happy speech proposed -first “ The Ladies,” and then “ Messrs Bussell and Wilson,” through whose courtesy suoh an enjoyable meeting had taken place. The sport concluded at about half-past 5 o'clock, when the party made the Ballarat and Ararat main road some two miles to the westward of Mount Calendar, and drove merrily' home. The Moorabood and Fisken’b Waters have certainly not during the present angling season yielded each baskets of perch and trout as were attained on Good Friday by Ballarat fishermen.'- One party, consisting of Messrs Hunt, Bade, and Engolor, after having made a good haul cf trout averaging one pound each, in the lower Moorabool between the. Lai L«1 Falls and the well-known angler's resting place Jackass ‘ Flat, made up stream to Fisken'a - dam on the Lai Lai Creek, where in an hour or two under a declining sun some wonderful takes of perch were mads. Anxious eyes scanned the-weighing up at the Anglers’ Club rooms during the evening, and when 2'i perch-thrown into the scale registered 541b, tho Waltonians present' could scarcely conceal their delight. On the following (fay, Saturday—tu render our account complete—Messrs MfRan, Hunt, Sjoulb, and fijagfiler *howpd twelve perch taken from the same water which turned' the scale at 32j lb. Mr A. G. Bright, who fished the same water on Saturday, weighed several S lb perch, Chiabini’s Cmooa Proved one of the principal sources of attraction during Saturday morning and evening, great elfqrta put forth by the management drawing, deservedly jury satisfactory houses. Both iu the menagerie and the erenig departments thg mobster programme was carried out faithfully, leaving but very little to bo desired by the most exacting. The arrangements were very complete, and the comfort of patrons, as usual, formed-a cha racteristic feature of tha show. Many of the feat* per. formed were more startling than those usually pre sented to Ballarat people, and all were gone through with an ease and graee which greatly added tg the success of the performance and the entertainment of those present to witness it. The programme wqs as fellows:—Qverture, by the band,' led, by Mr'W.- Stoner ham; entrde, by ladies and gentlemen, led by Miss Nellie Reid; 1'homme. serpent; Signor Bartoloj the educated zebras, introduced by Mr Fred. Sylvester; ariel aol, by Mias Sarah ’ Fergus; equestrian act, by Miss Jeannst Watson; Lei Jeux Icarieu, by Mr Harry Lee ; and the infants Bobert and Nicholas; the Chilian eolt Garibaldi, intro duced by Mias Nellie Beid; retro- equitation, by Ur Jjeo; lifting' and fping a heavy brqss cannon witq her Mdllg. Lqftaj four itajlione. Introduced by their instructor and trainer, SJignof Chiahni; fqdian juggling un a barebacked horse, by Miss BosaLee; ground and lofty tumbling, led by A, Gonzales; troup of performing dogs,. instructed by Mr Sylvester; the champion boy rider in hia hurdle act. Master Charles Watson; the dsn of royal Bengal tigers, and their tamer, Mr Watson. The clowns, Messrs Lehman, Dunbar, and Holloway, wisrp yeyy geqd in rpinea-. five lings,' aqd provoked immense laughter by their oomioalfties. ' A slight aoqident happened to M r Wat* son, the tiger tamer, daring the performance with‘his “pete,” Cjnb of the “royal Bongals/’. whether play fully or otherwise, managed- to' land a forepaw on its keeper’s head and lift some ham, ’ ' . , ■ The Blind Astld){ Concert. - A coqosri was given by a'number of the inmates, of the Yiotofian Asylum and School for tbs Blind;'at the Academy of Mnsie : an Saturday - evening. ' Tho. per formers arrived by theafternoon- train from Hamilton and took up their .abode, .‘some.at the-Benevolent Asylum and seme at the Orphan ; Asylum, wkere, ttaoogh the kind offerofthe eommitteerof these two mstitutions,theywere afforded a temporary home. The evening chosen by those having the management of thaooneerte was a most unsuitable one. -Saturday has been in Ballarat of late years a bad night for entertain ments. • This is dne. to the fact that all the shops in the town art open,' which necessarily' prerents thetr owners from-, attending any plaoe of amusement, and aleothat it is considered a sort of gala night, the streets , being ■ rendered jMpecUUy attractive by the ; display in the lighted shop windows, and consequently ■' ’people prefer; to ■ promenade '-the stroeta in . preference to attending indoor en tertainments!' - r Theaudience ’ that greeted - the blind .-performers was anything hut a oheery one, all parts of the house presenting" a beggarly. array of empty benches.”, / However,.in.: spite of this dishearten ing fact; the: performers went through their programme toexcellent style; They;numbered:B6 in all, and com prised abrasaband,an excellent chorus; and several solo singers.:’ The'programme was opened" by a' selection of national, airs being played by the asylum band. .The band is a very fair one ihdeed/being well balanced, and not having; as is usual, a predominance : of drum and cymbal. Tha ; next performance was'a dhorhs,-“Como, sing] the 'song (Meyerbeer}, which: was rendered very effectively, a . marked feature being the excellent time kept by the aingors. Miss 11. A. Kaufer, a young lady possessing a very sweet and liquid soprano voice, sang several solos, all of which she rendered well, and one, “Joyous life”(Randsgger) excellently. The company is' unusually strong in pianofortaplayera. Misses Paynter and Callaghan were especially successful, the former playing a .selection of airs from “Don Pasquale” in; a-' manner that: would not /be excelled by many a player with the full possession of his sight and of ho mean pretension to skill in musical matters. The ease and rapidity with which' the blind performers fan their fingers over the key-board was marvellous. No hesitation or uncertainty in feeling for the. place, but decisive action, that rarely resulted - in the striking pf' a false note. This-Was the case'with both'-performers, - who played both skilfully and with tsste.’ ■ Mr P. Stfaohan sang several solos with feeling and/effect!' This; gentleman possesses a light baritone voice, capable of a very fair, ranged which he uses in a manner that shows good musical cultivation. The only lady that sang apart from choruses other than. Mias Kaufar was Miss E. Walker, who sang in a duet with the first-named lady. She baa a very sweet contralto voice, that may in time develop into an organ of- more than ordinary power. During tho interval the : Bor; Mr Moss, superintendent of .the school, thanked the audience for and regretted that it -was not a larger ooe. .Orphan and Benevolent Asylumshe desiredto return his most hearty-thanks for providing the blind performers with a home during their stay in Ballarat. He also thanked Mr Wellington for his kindness in conveying the' young people to and from the Academy in one of his ’buses. The Rev. Mr Moss stated that a number of collecting cards had bean ■placed'in the hands of Messrs' Whitehead and Birtoh nell, from whom they conld.be obtained by any such as wished to augment the funds of the institution. Dufia g the evening a moat ganerous'aet was.performed by Mr John Murray, who on account of the want of-success attending the concert,' offered to present a cheque for £5 to the funds of the institution. On' Sunday afternoon the blind performers sang a number of hymns and sacred solos at the Academy of Masio. Sacred Concert. Tho Academy of Music on Good Friday evening was - crowded with a brilliant assemblage, the splendid pro gramme issued for the occasion : giving ample assurance that a rare musical treat was in store for the public. When it was known that the cast included such cele brated vocalists as Miss Alice Roes, Miss Lucinda Blackham, Miss M. H. Davies,- Mrs Carter, Mr J. W. ' Burton, and Mr B. T. Maroney, it was not difficult to forecast the result of the performance, as such an array of musical talent is not often witnessed. It required no ordipary vocal effort to fill such a spacious building with sweet sounds, and doubtless some of the vocalists at times found their musical powers severely taxed. However, one and all succeeded in delighting the audience, and applause was very liberally bestowed. Moreover, considering the extent of murio culture in Ballarat for many years past, the approbation of such an audience must have beau .very gratifying to the per formers. The vocalists all being well known to Ballarat folk and established favorites, it will be quite enough to say that on the present occasion they more than sus tained their previous' reputation, manifesting on the whole an increase of that ease, grace, and style born of practice, and giving promise of the attainment of high rank in the .musical world. Tho opening overture, with Mr G. Herbert as pianist and Mr Bruun leading, was'well executed, and was followed by- the- beautiful Solo and chorus “0 Lord, on Thee we call” (Mos£). This was exceedingly welliendered, thevoices blending harmo niously. We feel inclined to mention some of tho dis tinguished local vocalists'who took part in it, but as ■their names were not given in the programme, and as we have not obtained permission to make reference to them, we abstain from further notice than merely to express a hope that we shall often have tho pleasure of hearing such a concord of sweet sounds again. The au dience showed its appreciation of the vocalists by very hearty applause. ' The next number on the programme was the area “Within this holy temple” (Mozart), and in this the full, rich voice of Mr Maroney filled the building, flinging its musical spells arauud tho audience. Mr Flumpton presided at the pianoforte, and his ex-. quisite instrumentation contributed very materially to the success which attended Mr Maroney’s achievement. Vociferous and long-continued applause was ac corded to this effort, and in response Mr Maroney gave the lyric. “Thus goes.the world.around,” and was equally felicitous. We learn that Mr Pminpton attended the concert expressly • for the purpose of rendering the accompaniments to Mr Maroney, and this of itself, ws need scarcely remark, was a very high compliment to the musical abilities of tho vocalist. Miss li. Blackham followed with -the solo, “Angola ever bright and fair” (Haadel), which was well rendered, notwithstanding that the fair caatatrico was at first ap parently • a little nervous. The audience heartily ap plaqded, and Miss Blackham returned and bowed her acknowledgments. Miss Alice Rees and Mrs Carter next appeared in the duet, “Quis ess homo” (“Stabat Mater”), and they experienced a moat flattering raoep-' tion. Both vocalists, in addition to tho charm of their voices,, displayed perfect ease and grace throughout, and evoked enthusiastic applause. Mr J; W. Burton’s aria, “ Cujus animam ” (“ Stabat Mater”), was a credit able performance, though hardly quite , equal to some of his efforts on previous occasions. However, ho was very heartily applauded,' Miss M. H. Davies next sang “jAve Maria” (Cherubini), with much sweetness, and in a manner that denoted the great progress this young lady is ' making in music culture. She was accorded a hearty round of applause. Mr Maroney then closed the first part of the programme by giving the aria, “ Pro Peccatis ” (“Stabat Mater”), in a style not often surpassed, the effort being a grand one, and eliciting loud and prolonged applause. After a brief interval Miss Roes commenced the second half of-the programme with the solo and chorus “ Inflammatua ” (“Stabat Mater”). Her reception was hearty, and the execution was splendid. In response to persistent ap plause the fair vocalist came back and bowed her acknow ledgments. Mrs Carter followed with the air, “ He was despised ” (Handel),. and succeeded in eliciting hearty applause, to which she also responded by bowing her acknowledgments. Mr J. W. Burton’s solo, “ In native worth ” (Haydn), came next, and this was a much superior effort to that gentleman’s performance in the first part; the enthusiastio applause he received showing that ho had succeeded in delighting the audience. Miss Blackham thon sang “ Ave Maria ” (Schubert) remarkably well, far surpassing her effort in the earlier part of the evening, and awakening a hearty response from the audience. Miss Davies’ song “Resignation” followed, and was vary pleasingly rendered, as also well received. Mr Maroney, who mat with a warm recep tion, came next with the solo “ 0 Salutaris,” and the audience had again the pleasure of bearing his grand rich voice, so full of melody—“the soul of music.” The applause ho received showed him that he is no ordi nary favorite in .Ballarat. Tho next gem on the pro gramme was the air (by request), “ Home, sweet homo,” by - Miss Alice Rees, Expectation was now at a great height, as it was felt by many that Miss. Uses would eclipse all her previous efforts that evening by the rendering of this charming little song. . Nor was there any disappointment expe rienced. On coming forward the young lady was enthusiastically-applauded, and the exquisite style iu which sbo rendered the song kept up the excitement, the audience bursting forth with plaudits at the close of each stanza, and giving vent to its feelings by a storm of applause at the last, In response to b persistent de mand, Miss Regs name, back and sang the last staffs* with equal tenderness and grace, and retired amid voci-. ferous applause, A really charming duet, “.He wipos the tear from every eye,” by Miss Blackham and Mrs Carter, concluded the programme. It will have been seen from' the foregoing that the concert was a great success throughout, reflecting credit on all concerned; apd Mr Peter.Oazaly, tho conductor, -and Mr G.- Her bert, the aqcompanyist, deserve no small share of the honors attaching to the performance. Doubtless the Ballarat public will look forward with pie isure to the prospect of another entertainment of a similar kind being provided for them on a future occasion. Yachiinq. The sth event for the Goodall trophy was sailed on Saturday, fifth March* The afternoon was very fine, j with a steady breeze from a little tn tho south of east. The competing yaqhts were the Reporter, Achievement, Yiola, Secret, and Victoria. The Reporter took front position early in the face, and maintained a strong-lead ahead of. the second boat, Achievement, until off. Han nah's pier, on the last round, -when the last named yacht rapidly : gained place, and /at length ’ had her bowsprit off the weather quarter of the Reporter. The greatest interest was then felt in the race between the two yachts by the large number of spectators on View Point and on the Parade, Tbe.Aehievement, well to windward, was gaining fast upon ber opponent, and would probably have passed the judge’s post (but a yards ahead) a winner, hqd it pot haya heap for the grossly unfair and unyachts-, manlike tactics displayed by the' Reporter’s- captain in luffing up ; three times in succession right across the Achievement’s bow, and compelling Captain Gill to follow suit to avoid cutting down the Reporter; amidships, and probably causing serious/a'QQidept th the crew, This “bluffing”suqcec.dod: to/puttingthe fAchievement off h§r ooqrsa, apd fading the Beporter a winner by barely a second, Tjfiia' action of the Reporter’s skipper was candemned by the unanimous - voice’ of . the hundred onlookers on ahoye as .the most barefaced: piece, of ‘/jocksyism " known in connection with aquatics on Wieddures. The. judga pronQqpohd it graa«ly upfair, and in the presence pf the pommittce of the nlpb and the Bopqrter'a prevr expressed a hope that nothing of the kipd would happen again op the .lake. The. Viola took' third place./ The l' hour 28 min.: Achievement. ! hour 28 min.-I tec.; Viola, 1 hour Sff min.; ; The' 1 two /yachts; Reporter’ and' Achievement having each scored over the twelve; {mints required to win the trophy,.,will, according to the conditions of.the contort, sail tno final event bn on a date net yet fixed, although it was stated at thoolub-roomj on Saturday evening that the Achievement crew were so aggrieved' at the .'treatment ■ which they received from .the -Reporter, that they would decline to > meet that yasht again until'hill apology' had been made for the un yaehtsmanlike tactics pursued. LTDIABD STHEST SONDAT-SCHOOL EXHIBmON. On Good Friday night the Lydtard street Wesleyan Flower Show was crowded to excess. The concert given was of course taored in character, and comprised such vocal gems as “He was despised,’’ “ Awake, thou that: deepest,” ‘‘Give ear to my words,” The choruses were given by the Barkly street choir, under the leadership of Mr Nettle/ and they rendered the selections in such excellent style as to entitle them to special 'notice. During the.eveniog the telephones, electric apparatus, and other instruments that were dispersed through the two rooms were kept actively at work. On Saturday, afternoon also the exhibition was crowds I, when a promenade concert was again given, and a num ber of fresh faces appeared oh the platform, all engaged acquitting themselves to tho evident satisfaction of those present.' Mr Braun’s band performed a number of selections at intervals in the concert, and added not a little to thepleasure of the evening. The manage-, ment-has resolved to ; keep- the exhibition open-on Easter Monday evening, when ■ special, attractions, are offered, the committee - having determined- to spars neither -money nor. trouble in making the concluding concert a worthy finale to a' most successful exhibition; To-night is the last' opportunity that the public' will have of seeing this unique collection, comprising works of taste, fancy, art, and the many pretty and handsome presente that have come from the hands of these little ones. At the Railway Statics. . Tbs Western railway station’was the scene of unusual bustle during. Thursday evening. Good Friday, and Saturday. Numbers of pleasant anxious faces, mothers, sisters, and friends, were waiting the arrival of tho : -various trains, and many happy meetings, much kissing and hand-shaking, took place. The number of arrivals was quite equalled if not surpassed by the number of departures. Fagged-out tired'business men with their valises and rugs, off to the seaside for a couple days’ outing and a trip oh tho bay, where they will get very sick no'doubt, and comfort themselves with the thought that .it is setting them up; groups of . bright happy-faced girls off to spend their holidays with schoolmates, and flirt and;- dance and .enjoy life Arith that intense delight that their poor old ' “daddies” Would term' . “foolish frivolity;” young men with incipient moustaches and cheap cigars assuming a languid air of “ know would be men of the world,“ off to town, you know, ” where no doubt in attempting to show their town cousins how thoroughly they know their way abont, will ■ make all-round fools of themselves and return home minus cash; and plus a disorganised stomach, to talk of what a jolly trip they have had,, and how they showed their Melbourne cousins what a country fellow could do, which fthey did. Others with gun and fishing-rod sought healthier ahd-manlier sport. Picnic parties were numerous too; jolly paters and stout laughing maters, with hamper whose bulged-out appearance bospoke any thing but a fish diet and fast season, formed the pivot round which lads and lasses gathered, full of humor and anticipation of a happy day’s amusement. - ,_ , _ PROFESSOR PEPPER. The series of instructive and amusing lecture entertain mente given by Professor Pepper during tho last week was '.brought to a close oh Saturday evening, when ho exhibited a number, of excellent photographic views, thrown upon the screen, of the principal buildings and places of note in London and Paris. The second part of the entertainment consisted of a lecture with descriptive sketches on the sights to be viewed la cloud land, together with an explanation of the principal inventions constructed with a view to enable men to fly through the air or visit the clouds. Wo regret that these lec tures have been patronised in a proportion anything but equal to their merit. When one sees how suoh really healthy and instructive entertainments are supported as compared to such as have their component parts made up of an exhibition of~ legs and a dialogue of slang, one cannot value the opinion of playgoers very highly, EASTER MONDAY. A good programmo of entertainments is offered to visitors and holiday-makers generally to-day, and fine weather being pretty well assured, there should be a large gathering of folk-in and around the principal centres of amusement. Foremast among the day’s attractions will be the Public Library Sports, Announced to be hold on the Eastern Oval, which are of a most attractive character, and should, from their variety, please the tastes of the multitude. There are pony races for the delectation of those whose ;fanoy inclines them in that way. The entries being numerous, the race will be closely contested. The bicycle, with all the recent improvements in that mode of locomotion, will be prominent in the field. There is to be a ghost race of a sensational kind, id which several spectral figures are to appear! There are several other races of an: entertaining kind. Gas has been laid on the oral for inflating the balloons, which make tbe grand ascent at 3 o’clock, with tbe elephant and other animals. Mr Persse’s diminutive pony, 30 inches in height, will exhibit his paces and jump several hurdles. The groat contor tionist Adams, lute of Cooper and Bailey's circus, has been engaged, and will afford side-splitting fun. And to bo entitled to see all these amusements there is no second chorgo; the sum of Is franks to all. There will be a grand concert in tho Alfred-hall at 8 o’clock, for which a talented company has been engaged, and at the conclusion a danca.will ha improvised. The Garden Fete’at Bishopscourt Opens to-day, and promises to be a most attractive and . enjoyable entertainment both during the day and evening. Special arrangements have been made for the carrying out of the feta in a style that will certainly recommend itself to the numerous patrons who are likely to assemble at the. well laid put grounds. Wellington’s ’buses will ply to and from the grounds during the day, A Cricket Match. Between the Clarendon and Queen Victoria clubs will taka place at Clarendon. The local team will be os fol lows;—Caution, Chisholm. Fisk, il/Cann, M‘Donald, M‘Lsan, M‘Lennon (2), Stanley (2), Paynter; emer gencies—Graham, Bradshaw, and Gleason, A supper and ball will bo held ia Bradshaw’s hall in the evening. On Tuesday tho second eleven of the B.C.C. will meet the Mount Pleasant Club ou the Eastern Oval. The B.C.C. team will comprise—Messrs M'Gregor, Ferguson (2), A. Murray, Lang, H O’Connor, J. Campbell, Pam philon, Bell, Field, Whaler. • • H.M.S. Pinafore Will be produced with a powerful cast and most com plete stage accessories at the Academy of Music this evening. Tbe oast is advertised elsewhere. It will be observed that the part of Josephine' will be taken by Miss B. Leaf, a lady of whom report speaks moat highly. No pains have been spared by the management to render tho production of ’‘Pinafore” equal iu every way -to tbs representation of that popular comic opera in Melbourne. 