THE YEOMAN. WINTER BUTTER MAKING. (BY HENRY STEWART, IN RURAL NEW YORKER.) The Dairy. If the first requisite for good butter is the cow, the second is the dairy room or house, for it is useless to procure good milk, if it is spoiled in the keeping. A dairy room should have an even tempera ture, and in the winter may be kept at 45 to 50 degrees. One that is partly under ground and has an apartment over it for churning and washing pans, &c.;, is prefer able, as it will need no artificial heating by a stove. I prefer one with brick walls, white-washed with lime, plastered over head, and with a cement or flagstone floor ; that has the windows above ground and facing the South and West ; the win dows'covered with fine wire gauze out side, and hinged at the top, so that they may be opened by raising and hooking up the sash. The window being close to the ceiling, ventilates the room completely. My own aim in a dairy house is a build ing having a brick basement in a hillside, with ice-house in the rear, having a chute on the bank through which to put in ice ; and the milk room in the front, with porch for airing the cans and pails. Over the milk room shall be the churning and washing room, provided with a water heater, and with an elevator for passing cream and butter up and down, and stairs leading below ; also a sink with taps from a tank above. Over the milk room shall be a tank supplied from a well, by a wind mill overtoppirig the Whole. From the tank, water may flow through a pipe into the rooms below, for use in washing pans or supplying water in case the submerged can system of setting the milk might be used at any time. A sink and drain may also be carried from the milk room. The tank will be high enough to supply the house and the barn with water through pipes. The cost of the whole 1 estimate to be about 600 dollars for a dairy of 50 cows, and no one can doubt that it will be a profitable investment for the maker of extra butter. The Churntng. When I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field, ever which lie, in per spective, the ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. The mi sery of a butter-maker is the endless va riety of churns. There are many good churns, beginning with the old-fashioned up-aud-down one, which recalls my boy hood when I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, and often waited three hours ; for in those days the whole milk was churned. Now I can get my buttermilk in eight minutes, or less, by the old kit chen clock, which never varies from year's end to year's end. But it is not from an up-and-down churn, which, although it makes good butter, is a man and woman killer; it is now from a " rectangular" churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only comes quickly, but in such an excellent shape, being beaten about by these proper angles, as to greatly facilitate the washing and preparing of the butter. To particularise, let me recall the churning of the 7th of January, 1880, be cause this was an eventful one, and set tled in my mind some questions which were previously doubtful to me. My crossbred three-year-old Jersey and Ayr shire cow, Maida, had been fresh two weeks, and this was the first churning of six days' milk. The cream—12 quarts exaotly—was turned into the rectangular churn aforesaid, and the churn and cream 'were both at a temperature of 65 degrees. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making 70 revolutions of the churn per minute, I was surprised to hear the "slapdash" of the buttermilk, and was more than surprised on opening the churn to see so magnificent a sample of butter. The mass of golden butter was in small grains from the size of sago grains up to that of buck-shot, lying in an irregular mass piled up in the churn, with a small quantity of buttermilk at the bottom. The butter weighed 10.| pounds. The re sult, 10| pounds of butter from 12 quarts of thick cream, churned in eight minutes, at a temperature of 65 degrees, settled some points about which questions are frequently asked. This churning out of the way the cream of two Ayrshire cows, three-year-old, that have been milking ten months and are three in calf—14 quarts in all—was put in the churn at a temperature of 60 degrees. This I churned three hours patiently without breaking the cream, and was ad vised to throw the cream out as it was one of those messes which would never churn. Let us try some warm water. A quart of water from the kettle was thrown in, the churn rotated, and in one minute the but ter came ; the temperature in the churn then was 64 degrees. This also goes some way to settle another difficulty in winter dairying, which causes a great deal of trouble. If butter comes at 64 or 65 degrees in a short time, and fails to come at all at 60 degrees, this is a valuable fact to know. Another churning of Maida's cream of 16 quarts, from seven days' milk, produces 14 pounds of butter in 12 minutes at a temperature of 65 degrees, with several stoppages to watch the progress, so that eight quarts of nearly pure cream will make seven pounds of butter. Churns. The Tartars are said to do their churn ing by putting their milk in a sheepskin bottle, which they tie to the trundle and take a brisk gallop for an hour or two ; on returning the butter is made. This is the original horse- power churn. But its principle is clearly the same as that of our best modern churns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vessel in which the contents are dashed from one side to another to break up the butter globules. This is the principle of all the dashless churns of which so many of such various shapes were shown at the late International Dairy Fair. The peculiar action of these churns produces the butter in small globules, aB above mentioned, and in this shape the milk can be drawn off and the cold water or brine introduced into the churn, and the butter thoroughly washed and made ready for immediate packing. Certainly of the many churns which I have used, the " Rectangular" pleases me the most, on account of its very eaBy motion, its shape, which is a hollow cube su&pended; diagonally upon two of its opposite corn ers, its freedom from iron gudgeons pene trating inside as is usual in dash churns, and which will blacken and foul the but ter, and chiefly on acoountof the ease and perfection with which it can be cleansed, its quick churning, and the excellent shape in which the butter comes. Colouring Butter. My customers are very exacting people. They object to light coloured butter, and, like the majority of consumers, they judge of butter by the eye, as well as by the fla vour. Recently the New York Farmers' Club "resoluted"that colouring butter was a fraud and a practice to be denounced. . Do these farmers wear their cassimeres of ' the natural shoddy character, or do they prefer them dyed ? Did they object to the colouring of oleomargarine when they resoluted over that, aud insist that that fraud should bear its natural tallow co lour ? The fact is, butter is coloured be cause those who buy it will have it co loured to suit their taste; and while coloured butter will sell the best, so long will butter be coloured. One teaspoonful j of good liquid butter colouring in 12 ] gallons of cream is needed, even with Jer : sey cows, in the winter, and for other j cows twice that quantity will be required i to give a colour somewhat lighter than I that of a gold coin. This is nothing about annatto that is I objectionable, and all the talk about its I filthy preparation is simply " bosh" and { falsehood. When colour is used it is best to put it into the churn, and Ido not find that it has any ill effect whatever even upon the buttermilk, which is a pleasant, wholesome article of food when the milk is all right. 