a W'kkQA.TS. ' I TJmMMntABLB fttity oxistea between the naidon of '*tand twenty.'.' . Tho man EeX torn? tr^o embraBures .o! the eite wlaow^^ormed a-Btion^con-' S It 4b aboa* to™ o'olook in the; [fternoonlldbotli of them were poking !or the poeman-ihe from.- her attio win £w heSXwe Bi'oond floor front. Tuey bad'boenUking ior. the. postman. every davfor a *rtnight,tnd hoped deferred bad old tbeLekanaiubdu.d the merriment of the mnken, whileVt deepened^ a ready, mbioundlolour and ,'harpened the already testy t0Bperam.ent ol the man. *'»«»*& L?peWL sig.t tba brisk, daf per _ httlo postmariiu the grey uniform, with, his bag abVaroS over his flhoulder, stepping along fSise to house, doalinRJoy aud bowo*. | BurprLfc-fcar. ecstasy, uU the emotions SeWto poor hapless humanity, ob he went But Phe dealt nothing to the two Lxioi watchers, in the dingy brick row IMxeXads simultaneouslyturned to watch him,'(A he disappeared around a neighbour inK Jornur. Tne mun K' ''ted out a bitber eiao'ulation, and slammed down the window ; the I il sighed, and with difficulty repressed a sob as she closed tnu ouua. ?ue next day at f our o olock^the same pantomime ,'wa3 enacted. Tbe same Loneiy, hope, fear, disappointment weio , paintoct on tho two f »ces. I be gwl bruHliea the teara from her eyes, and put wearily back her hair. A.a the man, w'n. Tuiual expletive of dingust and d.aap. pointmwt, tugged at the blind, a pnff-ot wind blew tho light ribbon iroin the hair o£ the- girl Btraight down into hiaeyes, and from .thence to the floor pthiB room. He saw 'it ab once. It hj . «pon the faded carpet almost under his feet. Hw tot impulse was to tramp upon it ftshemarcUed to and fro, growling at the hard luok that abut him up in this hot hole during the dog-dajs. His next impulBO waa to kick ihS bauble aside ; but it vw not o? a took nv.i« nat,,,.o. nnd olune olose to hia feet. Ho .tooped at last and took it from the fl.. ' found it euapioiously damp. I get no letter, u ^letter? She which is the moBt conbi. -.-.t^deal thunder don' t ehe got ^^i. 1. can't have any rascally lawyers ^ with, that lie and onjole, and cheat ana eteal. Sue can't be waiting tor a witness to come from the other side oil the world to testify in a case that ought to have been settled before he wont to sea. I believe ib waB, a conspiracy on the part of these infernal lawyers to dawdle along with the case, and not discover tho exist ence of this Martin Malloy till he had shipped again, and was welt out of their call. And now it appears that tho fate of the suit depends upon the testimony of this fellow before the mast. At least five thousand pounds of my monoy at this present moment is at stake Ijn the life of a miserable sailor fav out^t sea.' Here hi a soliloquy waa interrupted by a light tap at tbe door. 'Come,' he growled, without ; turning his head. v He thought it was his landlady, Mra. Matscn, for whom he had no particular affection, or her rough-featured dor -stio, that he felt certain was shortening life by her miserable cookery. But ,. .-o^lo voice Baid, ' Did you want anythh^iv.'' ' And, turning, he beheld hiB la 's daughter. And how in tho world bL Id bear that relation to the fat, sw. -ny, ooarso, and oommeroial female whfTkept ttio house, this lodger could not imagine Her eyes were so soft and brojra, bo plead ing and innocent, frank and confiding as a little child's, whereas her mother's woro narrow and sharp, distrustful and/ounning. The young girl flushed upder this ooruiiultjiug gaze, and said, a-ratn, 'You didn't want anything, then, Mr. 5£'Graw; Motber Baid you pounded on the floor.' .''Pounded I' said Mr. M'Graw; f'of course I pounded. If I don't get a letter soon, I'll make smithereeus of some of this horse-hair furniture about me. If your mother baa any regard for her squint-eyed ancestor over there, she'd better take him down and out of the way.' He's been following me about with that damaged loi-rof hia for. the lost fortnight. It's a mere; I haven't stabbed him through the canvas. And, say,' he added, for the girl was fast .vanishing out of his Bight, and abe was a wondrous pleasant article to look upon in . this gloomy old barraok — 'any,' Baid Mr. 'JM'Graw. Ho waa still twirling the bib of blue ribbon in , his fingers, and now held it out to tbe young, giil. . ' It fell in the. window to-day as we wore both looking for that confounded postman. I hope we'll have batter luck tomorrow, Maggie.' 'I thought sure we would to-dayy.air,' said Maggie, blushing and sighing. ' I had a good sign this morning.' 'What waa that, Maggie?' -said Mr., M'Graw, still holding his end of the blue ribbon,. ' Why, see,, sic' ahe said, and pointed to the akirt o£ her dress. 'I put it on wrong eide out this morning, and never changed it, for Martin used to Bay it waa a sure sign of good luok.' . '? ' And who iB Martin f'.said _Mr. M'Graw1. 'It so happens that I am interested in that name.' * ' Tho one I'm looking for a letter from* - air. The vessel was due a month -ago;' and here her voice broke, and tho brown eyes filled with tears. 'A sailor with the name' of Martin P' said Mr. M'Graw, with inoreased interest. ' What's hie last name, Maggie?'* . ', ' Malloy, air-r-Martin Malloy,' v ? ' God bloBB my soul !' aoid Mr. M'Graw $; ' this is a remarkable ooincidenco 1 Why, Maggie, tbia ia the very man I'm waiting to hear from. A heavy sum of my money doponds upon this friend of youxa. I. sup- pose ho' is moro than a friend,. M'agfjiop'. , ' Wo'repromiaed to be married, air, after this voyage. , He had a ohanoo of rising to second, mate;, and oh, I'm bo sorry we waitedl' . . ? . 'So am I,' Baid rMr. M'lSraw.' 'I( he'd stopped long enough' to ba marriod, we might have, got . hold of- him for a witnoBB, and that would, have boon , tho making, ot many, a thouaand, pounds! f or mo ;, but neyer mind, Maggie » let's depend upon the augury of the ..pettiooat. You see our fatea are linked -together, -and .as only one of us wears a pettiooat, tho one garment must! serve for ua both; , and, I'll tell you what, Maggie.,''— ?for', she . waBvf 4at voniBhinpc again» and ihe, hated to see her go,— V I'll tell, you ,', yl^ti i ? when Mn,rjtin comes baok, and wins for me thia'.money,' a good round ( sain of , it . fihall go for , A i wedding outflfc for you.'* , .; .-..' ;'v.; ? .,; ' , ' If he only cornea baok I' said Maggie, and wont ont the door, leaving the rifc^on istill ,ini the iJhand: ;,of ' , Mif., M',QrB,^a meditative,, Bof Used. ;al(iogether phapgfd iexpr^w,tfpp^.hte.|ft;;,;,.;,:/;,;' :.(, ,^u:^\\. ? . ? ; V « A moat rematka,ble ooinoidenoe 1' l»o repetted to himself. ' Thia ao00unta for he interest I've taken in that girl, from he Start. A queer freuk of .destiny baa Ibrotnatogotber, and here we.^re both haoirinK upon the fate oil thw.eailof. , I S suppose ho'a worthy of her. No doubt bU rough, oommon, atamje brute ; but he'a young»-h«e Mr. M'Gro^ gave vent to.a grunt that waa .want, tn ,.:!u.i »^» tL nttoman that obatruoted ha way' put the Wue, ribbon in. hia ,ye. at' pooketf d?ew;a.ohair to the window filled nia pipe, aud looking out upon a triaugu- I lar, bit of the weatern sky, fell into a pro found reverie. , The nexb morning Maggie wnaat.her old poatat the attio window. Mr. JlGia. was also rattling, at hia blinda ; but he iCkedfollyasbfFon up at Maggie os he dTd dowmthe Btve« for tbo po.toian, and was quite jocuinr »uu '''''B *»?? ? ? hia nervoua temperameut. ,. .. a' J more «igns, Maggie ?» he said, almolt dulooating hia seek to got a good l0°L1gir SKStt head, and amiled mournfully. 'I dreamed of white horaes; Bi^andmothersayaitaabadBign.1 | ' Your mother ia always a f— ' .Here the poatm»n stopped at the door, and; nnhnrfv will tver know whether Mr. M'Graw meant to call bia landlady a fine, SoSriS a fool, lor all further conver-, TZn waa atopped by the coming^f the in™ Innkod-for letters, 'lhere waa one the letter in Mr. M'Graw'a hand. _ 'Im afraid to open mine,'' she spid ; 'it's in a atiange handwriting.' Mr. M'Graw watched her disappear, tnen toro opeuZ own envelope without a tomou^ At the first sentence, howovor, Mr. M Giaw etarSand put hia' spectacles firmer upon his nose and by the time he had read the m saTe haH tlLrough, his face bad become the index or many conflicting emotiona. All aTonco there wla a heavy thump upon tho floor of the lootn above. 'Mv Qodl' said M.r. m-uraw, ; bu«d got U^'BewB already.' And, rw.hmg.out of the loom and up tho atairs as fast as hia rather gouty legs could cairy. him, ho saw tho poor girl stretched liieless upon Se floor, the fatal letter «™»Pka m *d hand. Then he pounded in »ghfc g°°« earnoat, and, being a man of action, had S^Graw ahe screamed and I fainted again. «i'm a bitter reminder ot her loss, '? '-. M'Graw. The doctor and .tuqr xoOJteu i*u '»«* ***-a — - ?j * M ? how Mr. M'Graw could i said Mr. »o*e ^walng of her Maggie's mow. ne, , -d not6expiBin s ingiy,_ wondering rh n Mafrgie remind Magcio of u. ver firBt lover. But Mr. M'Graw. l - wnro ho merely stepped , aside w^. opened her eyes again. After u long, sobbing breath, her nrst words ,, .. for Mr. M'Graw. 'Where is he?' she said. 'Let him come to me. He has lost hia money, and I have lost — ' Hero the words froze on her lips, and she held out her hands to Mr. M'Graw, who had reached tbo couch upon whioh they had lifted her. She put her arms about hie neok, and sobbed tfrert? like a Httlo child. Mr. M'Graw had lived a lonely baohelor'e life ; hiB kith and kin were faraway. This was a new experience for him— new and strangely aweet. For years and years the fragrnnt breath, of a woman had not touohed his lips. ' Hib eyeB were wet and blurred ; a queer ohoking sensation arose ia his throat; his voice was husky as he bluited out some consoling words. ' Ho can never oonijp .took to speak for you,' said poor M*ggio. ' You have lost all your money. I'm very sorry for you, Mr. M'Graw.' She meant she was sorry for herself, but tbe poor child craved companionship in her griet. Heaven knows sho got it from Mr. M'Graw. From thi3 time out he became devoted to the duty of aesuaging the grief of tbe bereaved girl. He flilad hia pockets with bonbons,' and ribbons, and the various gewgaws be thought would so(tt-n the affliction of a girl of twenty, and fail' ing with tbose, Bought to dUiraot her by junketings to parka and promenade! and ahotva, and finding these were niataBtutul to her, Rt last yit ldcd to her detire to go down to the whurvea where the big ships l«y. Sere they spent hour after hour, Mr; M'Graw content to hold one of her hands in his while the other lay idly in her lap, and her eyes went wistfully wandering out over tho water, till tho shadows grew longer and lougor, and tbe , day waa done. Then her would aay, gently, ' Oome, Maggie,' ana Bhe wouia obey in a awoet, dntilnl fashion, lifting her faoe to bis, full of some sort of affection —he didn't stop to consider what it was ; but Maggie knew that she owed this luxury, ot melancholy entirely to Mr. M'Graw. He had coaxed her mother into giving over Maggie's ordinary drudgery into other hands, so that ahe oonld have the comfort of nura ing her grief under the auapioea of ;Mr. M'Graw. His .landlady had, indeed, needed very little persuasion, and met hiu entreaties half way. Mr. M'Graw found ' nothing distasteful in thia maternal eolioitude having for yeara parried the thruata ana oaterloga ot anxious mothera in behalf, of their portionless daughters, the more, bo ob it furthered his own happiness, and rendered him more and more comfortable as time, went by. ' Now that the hot summer was gone, and the Btormy winds of winter began to blow, tho old briok lodgings were not so gloomy.. Tho obliquely viaioned ancestor had been taken from, the wall; the horsehair furni ture covered with' a gay ohintz ; the rusty grate was rubbed into a rubibund bright- , neas,. and therein the opala blazed gener ously. Therewaa.no stint in tho maternal blessings ahowered upon this. lodger, and Mr. M'Graw, for tho first time, appreciated hia dealinga with a commercial woman, who waa willing to: spend money when there was considerable to be made by it. This excellent woman oyon endeavoured to put an air of smartness into Maggie's ward robe, land garnished 'her', cloak with, a orimson ! trimming. : Magefe : wore., the oloak,l but her face waa . sadly out of keeping with the brave garment. .. She had gvowrijTpp inuoh moVq.Buhduedi and ' bo maeh older in her manner, and appearance, that -;Mr. M'Graw' felt. more and more, ,4vt ease ifl het- sooiety, and of tho two ho begantp appear the brightest, and wore an air of .priB.kneaa , and , .vigour . that .went iar to mak« up for his mature years, Hia bwyerB adolar,ed that neTor,,iu tho Iwbolo oourso oi theic experience, had they seen a man , posoeased .with suoh : admirable philosophy;,': , .. , ?:'.?,'??,':??;?;? ,',f'lp', , ,' At'. Uast flvo, thbuaand! pounds Bwopt away witti ,^iia: unlucky sailor, and M'jGraw noy^c,m,nTmur« i about il,'\ eoid.one of th» legal rientte(iieni .?.'?-?: '??': .,?;.. ?'.??f^-i'.ii-.f1, ^..;1''A.ayei!ai(-y,..;''B0oin'a'/.,,.to^:aoftoi]r:V':lubi)',''' .replied Vtio v other.. ' He; [ hasn't 'buraed anybody oianytWnfif, for. its rno^ha.',' . . r',Stifl ha'don'/i ^eepiCr^Bhe^'or oW^ed' fy.^tyiom'l.r; ',?;.:?-,., ??'^ v:'^''.'':-;/;'^v '. \- ?-:,? ..?:.-. ' ? -.-I ; ,«0n the oontrary.he gets younger every. ^Whioh really waa a fact.' HappirioBB^ «a-] an extraordinary renovator ' to Ut. M'Graw, ana the neighboura declared kindly tturt he and' Maggie looked very well together. | ' On' a mUn ia always joung »f he'a got - mrBtnehmyonth:'went by, H began to , be geneially conceded ' by ? all «»«'.»fdn;,lh'J Mri M'G/aw waa » paying a ention to I Maaaie and she was ireattd with that me ^&«Son that her good luck demanded.; The only oreature that seemed ntieny ignorant of the' 'Bituatlon waB poor MitgU Sir who had never for a moment Joi 3n her dead sailor, or ceased reviving ntfmemo*, to Mr/ MGraw, who Be,med ihi only one that oould fully sympalhUfi iuh her aud oonBole htr. P£oddea on by I The enoouraaing hinta and alluBiona ol the gS'fcSt.1 Mr; M'Graw had ?«*««««* ToinfUBeinto his munueri BomethtuB of tho SflTi; a lover, but -Mag^ »»«- £ rtooived tueae aovBuooo n».» ?-- ?-,.. i oiatitnde' that hud 'become a pact of het ffie aidMr. M'Giaw inslinoUvelyaUratk herSStf 'h« ««a left Irtm tUe pobmu on n? the dead Bailor, aoouBtoming her to th« hoTown iTen whea some happy moment look upon ,ou« »'T.TMT' to hU Sho said no wora, uuu »u'b ''''r V r~ nrm nnd two big teara rolkd out.oE her fft^&flld1o;°ubeaafraid, Maggie, t» cross ^^W^ey^-'lcouidneverl , bVSa;iBhanBOunploasaiit inflecUon.n eaBayed etiU another inquiry. Don t, you ringed to ask her if her love was 'on t db iu'b- ? ... ^ ' I snail waio uoio ««? jw' -uw— - , aV- ± ' : the ohild!' said poor Mr. window. '-re certainly now ib haok' 'I happiness. nothing to hinder ou. B ' The lawyers were out, in care of the boy. On a, lo.. door a man sat, with hiB head r^ bis hands, and his hands resting upon his knees. His whole appearance wa3 that of slipshod nature that it Beamed as if he might fall to pieces at any moment. His frame, of Herculean dimensions, was the more pitiable that the fleeh had shrunken from his bones, aud the features of his faoe were harsh and forbidding in their prominence. Hia olothes were faded and!' patched, his hat waB pulled over his eyes, and altogether he was a most forlorn und pitiable object in this office of a prosperous Bolioitor. ' v , Iu the heyday of happiness, how could Mr. MGraw pass this wretphed felloW oreature by without a word ? i, , ' Good morning, my poor.Qfellow,' he said. ' You Boem to be in 'a' sorry plight. Can I do anything for you P' ?$ 'You c&n; teil.me,' said thevman, in a hoarse and hollow voice, 'if it's true that these people here will be glad to see mo. I'm toJd there's a reward offered for any news of m», and I'd like a little money to prink up before I go to see my Bweetbeart. .She'll be thinking it's my ghost ill I.go to ?hor like this.' *? ??Some wretched criminal,' thought Mr. M'Graw, ' who has risked everything to aee the woman he loves. See here, my good fellow,' he said, lowering hia voice, '? if this money will bo of any uso to you, take it, and go ; but I'd keep ,clear of the law if I were you.' ' Why, thanK you, lir,' said the mau, putting back the bills, ' but I'm no beggar. I'll wait and hear what thoae »hurk« have to a&y.;' At that moment tho senior lawyer entered, snd turned upon the fellow a distrustful glance. 'What do you wnnb hers?' he 0&ld;, sharply. ?' I wanb the money that was offered for nnws ot a ahipwreoked tailor called Martin Malloy.' 'I offaiea ten pounds,' said the lawyer, turning to Mr. M'Graw. 'The devil you did!' asld Mr. M'Graw, who had fallen into a chair, and wai g-izlug nt the man with strained ey«». 'Thia M»Uoy is dead,' ho added, ?till keeping his eyei upon the man. 'Ht aiu'b quito dead,' bald the man, 'but as near it nn he likes to be.' Then ho went on to tell tbe story of tbe wreok, the expOBUre in the open boat, the agony ana starvation, the death and innnity of inont of the crow. It was an old itory, repented very often, but the lawyer and Mr; M'Graw ?aaine'dto hang upon ev«y word that fell from the lips of the miserable mariner. Mr. M'Graw'B fnoe grew old »nd wrinkled ob he listened. The Uwyer at length littered an ejaoulation ot Joy. 'I oongratnlate you, Mr. M'GrftW,' he arid, turning to hia client ; ' y'onr money-is at eale u if you held lt*m yourhandB.' ? ?: ... Bat Mr. M'Graw had fallen baokvngainot the. wall. They loosenea hia neok-tio; and threw water in hia faoe. ????'???: ' . ?? - , ' By Jove 1' said the lawyer, ' yonr joyjal news has boon too muoh for him; A big part, of hia money waa at stake; you aee, and he's hidden' his feelings bo' long nnder ? mink o! resignation that now'ho is oyeroome. Get a oab at onoe,' he added, to the boy. '?;'; But.Mr. MoGraw revived, and by tha Hme the ord leaohed the oploe, he wan able to go home. alqne. He, however, askod. MRrtin to go/with him : and «?' the ,cab tolled along, his eyeaiwere Btill fixed npoh*hia riilopiaated ?oornpanlonV.::.,V;v.v^;;.-'';^V,. ;.;:'^. -.? . ?}:^.-^ V ; '^oBofly^nld^no^ypp, jBnppo0eJ-'ie Bftid to the Bailor.;? V. A.'/«''-; ? ? ; '? ':. ^?-.'?'^???^ .^; » Not ^Boul/ Bb,^.sMd^Hn.|^v:v '..:.;.::;? ?' Not even,»ha— a~lbe ^erflon yqiiJjBippkp y. '??'$l»e'1leito6'ol;aw.^^t^BMn^;i«i ?thirit phe'd^n-way^«(9?bWBigKtl#'; :'.'«'Tou:thihk:'soP''«^«;'m'^;s*'--J-c:- of the cab witHtbe air ot a ^^.''S* . . hfe.waa unspeakably rare and Bweot. »? SSSsrwi^ ??:;:': girl or drive her mad. \\*oJ.y f ^,:. txplainto Murtin, as Squall? aB™ . tne tailor seemed all at, ones ™ B-- 'r~7^ .., , ff JSS cniso'n gtow ?»**%»#£** . iace, ibeu left, it paler **;2«; Budaenlyitau«PP?area,andMr M,W, wedding present, at tno exjjic: P'Marfa wouldn't give up the sea,' she. ''Andvou wouldn't give up . ItattatfV . Sa''WhySr^ not for the wond,' aaid, t?ieSoOptrMr!M'Graw took passage alone, s 