TBE RAILWAYS TO GLENELG. The history of joint-stock enterprise in Scuth Australia has a tendency, like history in general, to repeat it3elt In the matter of public Companies, while we': can. pomi nere ana tnere to a marked success, ' we can also, like Be mi Brum mell's valet, point to a whole basketful of failures. With fesv exceptions the natural history of each of the public Companies bears in the salient features a striking family likeness to that of all the others. First it ia discovered that there is a great public want to be sup plied, and forthwith an effort is made to supply it. A Company is farmed for the purjx se, a glowing prospectus is issued, and for a time the success transcends all expectation. So marked i3 it, indeed, that after a brief space there are rumours of a rival organization. It is discovered that the original Company is the possessor of a huge monopoly and that, like all monopolists, it is apt to be selfish. It is more given to consulting its own interests than the interests and the convenience of the public by whom it is supported. It is urged that a wholesome rivalry will speedily break np this monopoly; that the success has been so great and so decided that there is abundant room for another Company, which in due coarse is started with a great flourish of trumpets. The popular impression seems to be that as horses and human beings travel best in company, so two organi zations having substantially the same object in view are likely, both of them, to do the work better than it would be doneby either being left in sole possession of the field. For a brief space the opposition, does good, and the public are benefited. They have two strings to their- bow, and they 'are' no longer, the victims of aa un wholesome monopoly. : The next stage speedily follosvs. An | amalgamation. :s mooted, and the I*i3t I btate of tie long- suffering publlj is worse j than the first, for not only are they in the hands of monopolists, but of monopolists whose position i3 strengthened by the fact i that opposition has been proved to ba unworkable. .. , 1 \y'e need not call up the ghosts of the , paa'tiqr-illustrations of the 1 truth of these remarks, but we will confine our atten- j tdon to the proposed amalgamation of the ! Glenelg and- Holdfast Biy Riilway Companies ~ Tlie^ former Association, which once paid such large dividends, has of late been carry in? on operations at a loss. We have not the means of kaow jng what the actual position of the Hold fast Bay Company is, but we believe we are right in Baying that the line ha3 been a costly one, and that its earnings will have to be large to allow of its paying even moderate dividends. What is the prospect of its giving a satis factory return to the shareholders we cannot say, but it is difficult to see how it can in this respect be in a much better position' than its ri vaL Indeed, there is too much reason to believe that the view of. those who opposed the construction of the second line will be verified, namely, that neither Company will be able to carry on at a reasonable profit It is certain that if the traffic upon one railway conducted upon the most economical principles was only sufficient to pay, ail things con sidered, a fair dividend upon the capita! invested, the same or even a slightly enlarged traffic earned , on at reduced rate3 upon two Jine3 C3anofc yield a fair dividend to both. It may be that a time will come when the number of passengers travelling to Gleaelj will be ample to give profitable employ ment to two or even three railways, but it is evident that that time is not ye*. Why a second line should have been thus prematurely constructed it is not neces sary for us to consider, but in the interests alike of the shareholders and of the public it is greatly to be re gretted that this course should have been followed. We venture to say that by far the wiser plan uuder the circum stances would have been for investors in Glenelg Hail way shares and the travelling public generally to have concentrated their efforts in making the one line subserve the convenience and comfort of passengers to and from Holdfast Bay. We should not have felt called upon to discuss this matter at all were it not' that the direct interest of the general public in it ia now beginning to be manifested. So far as the shareholders are concerned they may be left to fight their own battles, and to make the best they can of the position in which they find themselves. But from the amalga mation that is being talked of, and that will no doubt eventually be brought about, the public can look for no benefit. So long as the two Companies choose to carry on their operations' at little or no profit to themselves passengers get the benefit of the competition. Bat once let the amalgamation take place, and not only doe3 this advantage to them vanish, but they may expect to be reduced to a worse position, at all events so far as regards fares, than they occupied when there was bnt nn« railw:iv Th i3 true .there will not be, as at present, two separate staffs to maintain, but the two lines will have to be kept up, and dividends will have to be ob tained for the shareholders of both Companies. Thi3 will entail the raising of at least double the in come which, was sufficient to return a good profit to the proprietors of tha first line, and after making allowances for increased traffic it is difficult to sea how this can be ensured without raising the rates ' above even the old tariff. And this brings us to the point ' that in the interests of the public Parliament in authorizing and in giving facilities for the carry ing out of private undertakings are in duty bound to look not merely at the proximate but also at the more remote results of their action. The chief plea for passing the Act sanctioning -the Holdfast Bay Rail way and giving the new Company running powers over the Government lines and the right to use a Government station waa that the public must reap the advantage of tho competi tion, however much the shareholders might suffer. This plea seems likely to fail, and it is to be hoped that the ex perience gained will prove a warning to the Legislature for the future. So far as we can see, the only sure way of pro tecting the public will be for the Govern ment to buy up the lines at a reasonable valuation. Being in a position to borrow money at a trifle over 4 per cent , they can rest satisfied ffith a smaller return than it would bo necessary for the Companies to extract from their passengers. A further advantage connected with a purchase of the lines by the State would be that the removal of tha unsightly railway buildings which now disfigure ! the South Part Lands would ba J simplified— a point of no small im- ' portance. Finally, it appeara to U3 ? that the lesson to be drawn from what is happening in relation to the Glenelg lines is that it 13 wise for the Government as far ai possible to keep the construction of - railways in their own hands. Certain it is that private enter prise h&3 ' not accomplished what was expected and hoped in the matter of providing railway accommodation for Holdfast Bay. The management of the- original line gave rise to per sistent and well-founded complaints, and the: prospect of an amalgamation between the two lines is very far from reassuring to the public. 