CHRYSALIS. A STORY" IN FOUR CHAFTKRS, Chapter L "Nowhere to go, 9)d man? Come, down witt me. It will be dull enough certainly ; but nothing 1b so dull- as Chriatmas by one'a-aelf in towu. Will vnn come?" ' "I think so." It's very kind of you to aak me. I never felt so thoroughly " blue " in my lifa Isn't it always so ?" contioued Lewis Hogarth, as he took his friend's arm and turned with him out of damp muddy Fall-mall into the comfort able warmth of the Junior Carlton. " If we have waited and hoped for anything through year after year, it seems of no value when we have it at last ; and we almost wish to be back to the time when we were hoping and waiting, withont the unpleasant feeling of satiety." " Yet such au acquisition as yours is scarcely likely to lose its charms so quickly, Sir Lewis," said his companion, laughing. George Wynne was a somewhat older, graver man than the friend he had just invited to his home ; a little on the wrong side of thirty ; of middle height,' and unpretending appearance, with one of those calm true faces which bear an expression of strength and self-reliance, j 1 tfcua UuJuiuwuigjy xuopue uuoii. iuc other- was tall and dark, scarcely hand: some perhaps, but with.a certain nobility ol countenance, and. a winning manner which earned him many friends. He gave' a pretended shudder at the last two words.. <' How sick I am of the sound of this new title of mine ! I seem to .hear nothing Lelse. My groom repeats it in such an exasperating manner, that I'threatened to discharge him yesterday. I tell you, Wynne, I am thoroughly tired "of itl If this money had come to me five years ago, you know what a godsend it would have been; but now, what, does it matter ? Last year I came into enough to set up a yacht and keep :my hunter without feeling myself iu hourly danger of- being ob iged to cross the channel, and end my days as one of the vaurims of Bolougne. I really was contented. And. now, a fortnight"; ago, in the. midst of a delightful cruise among the Greek islauds, I am called home to. England -to attend my uncle's frineral ; arrive too late, owing to being nearly smashed in a railway accident on the way to Paris; am received by a weeping aunt and five ditto maiden consins, meekly requesting three months time to turn out of that gloomy, ghost- haunted structure; where my ancestors glare at one from every corner, and the rats carouse behind the wainscot. To be overwhelmed with- piles of accounts and musty letters, made to interview grim looking keepers and bailiffs, all Sir Lewising me ! Lectured upon my duties as a landlord, and patted on the head by scores of horrid old villagers, who told me. how I had. grown, and how they remembered me in petticoats! It was really too much. "Of course I couldn't stay down there ; and as ail my friends have made up their parties for this festive season, I am left in the lurch, and the fog." " And you are coming down to enliven us," said George Wynne. " We Bhall be very quiet ; only my brother-in-law and three children, and my sister." ; -"But I' thought your -sister" "You are thinking of the married one; poor Florence; You do not know my younger siBter." Well, I shall expect you at the station to-morrow 2.25 train. At present I have an engagement and must run away." . The new baronet was left looking ont over the miry pavement; where a few men hurried along in overcoats, and water-proofed women, exhibiting a good deal of thick boot, struggled on through the driving rain from their visit to the U hns Unas-decked shops. : " Cheerful season!" muttered Lewis, for to him the .festival was.! little elgjj than a nuna- 'Eariy ieft au .orphan; he hadHirilj;befjti hs | A guest, an outsider in ite sociHgatheinhgs jarujLhappy reminis cences; so it all seemed very wearisome apd dulh '. And Ls he looked back oyer his' checkered life, 'hie wondered what would -be the end.'- He "thought of the bright days of hiB boyhood, the sad straggles with poverty -which were hiB when 'he grf W-'omau's1 estate. ; the care- less, . useless' life when' he had partially surmounted them, rendering of no avail top taients PodTiad giyea him, because toe love. which had lighted him onwards wasqMehched by the chill band of death : of toe pure desjre apd purpose that love' hadfen.liis life; aud which for years afpt-jfts.' lops,' lia'd made "lira" wayward aud careless.' And, now' that his mind had edjte balance; now that he wasl onto niore"'ready. 'for. .the 'conflict, the" rested ta%t(s .peedd , po, brightening, a life of ease and pleasure lav before him. What he wanted, he cooid stretch out his hand and take. So it was that; ten days before Christmas, he accepted his friend's invitation to accompany him to the little fishing- village down on the south coast. The next day, in the misty evening, the two drove np to the lodge-gates of; - George .Wynne's home It had originally been a form-house, but enlarged from time to. time; and with toe- ancient licbened walls still standing ud toe square tower eo'me ancestor pf" ambitious mind had net upon one |oi';te;too(dxire had gained such stopbsiigiiippeatBnce, tost itwasuow called the Castle. At the gate the old lodge-keeper came out to welcome them. Wrinkled, toothless, her scant gray hair blown about by the rough sea-wind, ehe was an unpleasant picture, and reminded the baronet so forcibly of the persecutions .of his own tenants, that he turned to the other window of the carriage. He started as he did so, at the utter contrast of what he saw. In the dark-setting of the window-frame, with the shifting light of the carriage- lamp dancing about her stood another woman, with a face such as Lewis had never seen before ; such a face as a painter might have striven in the old days to give to the Magdalene of his imagination, of which the holiness, almost divine, of expression was pervaded by a patient sadness from sotne deep past grief the shadow of which still remained ; a strangely beautiful picture in the wavering light Transfixed with astonish ment, Lewis sat staring at the apparition, while an exquisite smile deepened over the fair face, - .chasing away the sadness. "George !" ehe cried, dispelliug his half-formed idea that toe vision was only George Wynne turned. " Ivy !" he exclaimed. " Yon here ?" She stretched a little white hand through the open window and clasped her brother's. " I am so. glad to see you," she said. — " And you," she added to . Lewis ; " though George of course forgets to tell me the names of any friends whom he invites ! —I shall be home in time, for dinner, George. I came to see old Mrs. Brown's little grandchild: She drew the crimson shawl closer abont her head, and disappeared into the darkness, followed by the old woman's mattered blessings. " She looks well, dame," said George quickly. "Ay, sir. "God's angel," the litde one calls her. We could not have well spared Iter." They drove on. " Wynne, who is ehe ?" asked Lewis breathlessly. " My sister," he answered. " I have been anxious about her. She was very ill last summer. Poor Ivy !" " What a lovely face !" Lewis con tinued. " I never saw any one bo beautiful." " Yes," George answered abruptly. " How cold it is !" He drew up both windows, and was silent till they reached the house. Arrived at the castle, Lewis Hogarth dressed in his low old-fashioned room, wire a conmcung meaiey or sensations. It was. years since he had last been there ; but his thoughts were not busy with any phantom of the past ; they were now filled with the unexpected beauty of his friend's sister, to whom, when he first heard of her existence, he had not given a second thought. He found his way downstairs a little before dinner-time, into the long drawing- room, with dark oak rafters and modern furniture, gay with all the traces of woman's handiwork and presence ; and before the door leading to the conser vatory, half hidden by the heavy curtains, stood his hostess, Ivy Wynne. He came in quietly ; and she, absorbed by a book in her hand, did not notice his entrance. For a moment he watched her silently. The face, which he had bnt half seen in the misty twilight, was for more lovely, now that the form of -the head was visible, with ite wealth of golden waves. Presently she looked up. " I beg your pardon," she said ; " I did not hear you come in." She closed her book, stepped from the shadow of the curtains, and came towards him. Bnt as the girl advanced, a great horrified surprise came over the baronet. A mist seemed to come before his eyes, and hide the face he had bnt one moment before deemed so fair. In its stead came a crooked misshapen figure, limping with ungraceful, halting motion. Was this the woman — this the woman who for two hoars had filled his thoughts i "George has told me yonr name," ehe said gently, taking no heed of the behaviour of her guest " I hope he has also told you who I am i" " Yes, yes," he stammered ; " it is — I have — I mean it is a great pleasure to me to make your acquaintance." She pointed to a chair, and moved away to her own, a kind of lounge beside the fire. Then he realised the truth. This woman with the glorious eyes and perfect face, with that almost divine holiness and expression, was — a cripple ! Chapter II. Christmas morning, bright and clear, with the sun shining on the snow-laden branches of the great laurels, and wash ing the silver frost-work from the window-panes. The ynle log burning in the-iittle .morning-room, with its holly wreaths . aud vases of hot house . flowers lifting their delicate petals in surprise at the keen blast which stirred them. One window was open, and through the sere Virginian creeper stems which- clustered round it, three little children were spruutiiug crumbs oa the snow carpet, printed by the robins' tiny feet as they hopped to and fro gathering their Christmas bounty. They were pfetty children, golden-haired, grey- eyed, like their dead mother. Lazily watching them, Lewis Hogarth stood at the other window, dramming the panes, looking out now and then vaguely at the white distance, so peaceful and still, save when at intervals was heard the low sough of the sea which stretched away to the right hand, and the -first tones of the church bell which came across the fields. Sometimes in the course of our lives there comes a season — an oasis in the desert as it were--of rest, when the past grows dim and distant, and future there seems none ; when iu the present we are bo content that all the. rest may go,' so long as- we can drift on aimlessly in- the-earne sweet calm. In pne.pf such pauses Sir ' Lewis Hogarth had beeu. spendpig t.hepa3t. ten days. It seemed as if some 'spell were cast., upon Jtini,_as though some fascination, rill then nn- kqown, fettered his senses. . Only -pu this Christinas' morning he bad awakened to. a ' knowledge ."pf its cause: WHy'bf how he could not tell, but he knew that he loved Ivy Wynne, with a love atrong and 'tender, such a devotion as the Catholics of old time gave to their patron saints ; such a love as he had deemed over for him years ago. He had foprgutteri all besides, utterly contented in that lonely ancient country-house, made bright by . the face of its mistress, Those old. grey "walls, so marred aud. weatherworn, the thick rough growth of .the climbing leaves that bore hername, , toe seet pure face— all these things passed through his mind as he stood there, thinking, thinking; for he knew that ere long he would be called upon to make a choice which, in a measure, must have an influence over his whole life. On that first evening, iu the shock of his discovery of the fearful blemish Fate had cast upon the woman he since had learned to love, he sought to avoid her. It seemed so terrible — that lovely face and crooked feeble form, that angel smile and those ungainly movements ; till, when he was uext morning for the second time alone with her, the scales fell from hie eyes, and he saw her as she was ; he realised the beauty of the character her brother had beeu describing to him ; he understood the veneration iu which she was held by those around her, and then he fonnd himself talking to her as though their friendship had lasted years. And soon she had heard more of his life aDd thoughts and hopes than any one else in the world. To her he had unlocked the secrete of the hidden past, and noted the tears gather in her eyes as be told of his dead love. For tuc puskj sue utiii j ivi viae luvui c, she spoke to him as no one 'else had done, of his duties to the old home, which he affected to depreciate. He had never in the course of his wanderings seen another womau like her ; he forgot the bent figure and ungainly walk, as the light changed and softened in those wonderful eyes. And now the glamour had been thrown over him, and he knew be loved her. During those few days much of the sadness had goue from her face — perhaps for the joyous seasoD. As the bells were still pealing, she appeared dressed for the Christmas morning service. "Chil dren," she said, " are you coming with me to church, or will you stay with the robins?" ... " Aunt Ivy I" cried the youngest, a little one of four years old, running np and clinging to her with the love and confidence of all children towards her — " Aunt Ivy I where do the robins go to church ?" A great tenderness came into her eyes, a yearning look of motherliness towards the motherless child, as 8he led her back to the window. " Dp there, May, in the great holly-tree. Don't yon see the berries ? the fairies have decked them with white feathers in the night." " And they have church there, and God listens to -them 1" Ivy smiled. "No doubt," she said. " And Aitrea.says tne roDins dome go to heaven. Is it true, auntie ?" continued the little one, pleadiug for her favourites. " I don't know, dear. It is time to go to chnrch. Run up to nurse." " But auntie, my little canary was all stiff, and wouldn't eat, and nnree said it was dead ; and Alfred shut it up in a night-light box and put it in a hole. It had broken its leg, and could only hop nn one, and I hope it will be well in heaven." " cjo do I, darling," murmured Ivy, as the children sped away. She went to the window and rested her head against the panes for a moment, watching the birds, which had ended their morning meal and flown back to the great holly tree, glowing red through" its burden of snow. Lewis went to her, and as she lifted her face, her eyes were shining with tears. " Children say strange things — don't they ?" she said, smiling. " Yes," was all he auswered ; but he longed to take her iu bis arms and bless her, aud tell her all she was to him, perhaps" something in Ms voice did so, for she turned away aud left him. In the aftenoon, Lewis had strolled out with the other men down to the fishers' cottages upon the cliff ; but they were soon involved in a discussion on farming implements, which in his state of mind was not congenial ; so he wan dered back alone through the winding village street, where the children's merry voices proclaimed it Christmas time ; all happy ; and in bis heart was a strange unrest, a doubting of the future The door of the old gray church was open ; some sudden impulse made him enter, and go up the holly-decked aisle and sit down in the old square pew where he had sat that morning at Ivy's side. There was a trembling swell of music upon the silence, solemn chords upon the organ, the deep heart soothing melody of Mendelssohn's grand angels' song, " Best in the Lord." The organ throbbed and quivered, rolling its volume of sonnd among the wreathed pillars, then ceased suddenly, dying away into silence. "I did not know I had a listener," said a soft voice close to him. " You 1" he 6aid, starting up. " Was it you playing ?" " Yes. Why not ?" " Only because, I never heard anything , like it," he replied. " How and where did you learn ?" " Here," Ivy replied. . " I had a few lessons, and-tangh- myself -the rest. Tt is my , greatest happiness, I think," : she went on softly ; . for she too had grown to trust him -and talk — as she did so rarely— of herself. " Whenever I ant vexed or impatient, I corns and play h-.-rc." They were wnikiug slowly homeward now, over the powdery snow. "Are you ever iuipatieut?" he said. It appeared , to him impossible, that earthly passions . should have place in that nature which seemed so near to heaveu. " Very often," she answered smiling ; "more often than I like to say.. You, a man, would not understand what absurd little things trouble aud fret me." " But, to-day ?" "You share the sin of- curiosity, I see," she auswered. " If you wish, I will tell you. I shall be glad, for it is a subject upon which I caunot speak at home.. It is the future that troubles me," she went on quietly. . " I see a change approaching in the distance, coming . nearer' every day, aud." I know that my ; home will soon be my home, no longer.' ' A" But your brother" . "You forget;" she interrupted. ."Sis-. ! ters cannot be always first ; it would not be right they, should; but — he has been all the world to me." \- "Is George going to be married then ?" Lewis asked, "Some time, I suppose." "But surely he would never wish you to leave him ?" "Ono; but women are sodifferent, you see. I suppose a dozen men could : live together in that old house without a. disagreement, yet two women could not. £ have been first so long in the house— and it would never da" " But where shall yon live then ?" ; " Oh, h(e," she answered, " I could not ieave top dear «)d jtoUigfo"-. . , " But you will not be happy." " Yes," she answered. " I shall grow nsed to it ; and with use will come content." The steadfast Bmile in the gray eyes as she raised them, shining through a gathering mist of tears, haunted Lewis Hogarth for many a year, after, when that Christmas day had passed forgotten among the crowd of others which followed it, when by none but him were remem bered all its pleasure and pain. Chapter IIL It was ievening ; the candles on the Christmas-tree had dwindled down to little lumps of wax ; a scent of frizzled fire- twigs filled the room, a litter of sweets and colonred paper covered' the floor ; : and the children, their arms filled with new possessions, clustered round Ivy, as she sat in her low chair, telling them the good-night story — and to night it was the old story of Christmas that the Sweet tones of her voice repeated,' with mkny a quaint child like conceit aud comment of her own, told with unconscious heed lessness of any stranger's presence, ' r.nnnun oir utswia uuuuKtwuiicar iaj iibmsu to the familiar words. When at last toe children were dis missed, Ivy leaned back rilently, her eyes gazing into the glowing fire-p-ctures ; and he sat silent too, watching her. That sadness had come back to the fair face ; not from the remembrance of that burden laid upon her for nigh twenty years, and - borne so patiently, tost it might not darken the livee of those around ; nor from, the approaching fntnre of which she had spoken; nor from' the thought of those who had once made the Christmas bright in the old home, whose voices and laughter had made' the dark oak rafters "ring, those who had forgotten Christmas joys aud 'Christmas sorrows in the land beyond the "- wreck of time." She was "thinking of that strange influence the last few' days had cast upon her lifa Those who only knew her out ward existence, her peaceful round of duties, her self devotion for the happiness of others, perhaps thought — as it is so often thought of those who hush their sorrow to silence, and teach themselves contentment — that 'she had no Mdderi life. Yet the yearning fbrlove which' dwells in every woman's heart, had its place in here— the iouging for that joy from which she had deemed herself for ever shut out — 'and now . "Was- it' then to be wondered at that she, for the first "time sensible of homage to- herself;: should have given tier wnole Heart unconsciously to toe only one who- had' looked with love, not pity, upon the beauty of her fece ? How would it be' when he was gone, aud she alone -again, with the memory of this bright glimpse' of blessedness all remaiting ? At last she roused herself,' " Are you' not going to keep George company to night; Sir Lewis 1" He started. " Half past eleven ? I had no idea it was so late." j " Nor I." She rose and unfolded one- bf the shutters and opened the vapour- fbedewed window. j The night was cold, but clear, myriads iof stars shining down npon the snow- iwhtteness. " Good-night,-" -she-said. " Are you going to stay here ?" " Yes. I always wait for the bells." " The bells ?" " The chimes," she answered. ' ' 'n ;this night they are always rnng— as a farewell to Christmas, I suppose," " May I not stay too f " If you wish." ' He wrapped a shawl about her, and (together they stood upon the balcony. There in the pale clear light, with that llovely face -near his, the prudence and icalmness to which Lewis had schooled himself fled away, and burning words trembled on his lips. But when she looked at him, it was so calmly, so smilingly, almost as though she might have guessed big thoughts, and silenced them by the unspoken reproach. He turned foim her abruptly. "Take care 1" she cried, stooping aud lifting a little dark objectfrom the ground at his feet. " What is it ?" he asked. " A chrysalis," she said. " Doesit not seem strange to think there is life in that — that it is only sleeping,' and will wake f " It ie very ugly now," he said. -" Ah, yes," she answered ; but it will be baautifol some day. Perhaps; a lovely butterfly 1" She . touched the hard pupa-case caressingly. " It is worth being ugly for a while, sometimes.' Then turning away, she laid the sleep- enwrapped insect carefully in a hollow of the balustrade, and stood by it silently, perhapscomparingitslotwitoherown; The action was eagerly noted by ber compan ion, who with a sudden impulse clasped her in his arms. « ivy — darling !" he whispered. And she, startled, looked up once with glad surprise \ then a great crimson wave flushed her face, as she tried to free her self from his embrace. "No, no!" he said "hurriedly. " Ivy, listen ! And then, while she stood passive in the dawn of .that unlooked-for happiness, he told her of his love. Wrought op by the excitement, of the moment, carried away by her beauty and the influence her . presence wrought on him, he spoke. He told her that his happiness now depended upon her, that she nrost be henceforth the guardian angel in his home and life- — and then awaited the response. There was no answer ; only her - little hand closed more tightly upon his — then —through the night came the first clash of the Christmas bells. Something as she heard them seemed to shake her from head to foot; then very gently she freed herself from his hold. " Sir Lewis " The words were spoken so calmly, there seemed no likeness be tween her and the trembling girl bnt an instant before clasped in his arms, and with her low tones still came the song of the bells. - "Sir Lewis, I cannot but thank you for; your wordB, to which I ought not to have listened — -only love is sonew, so',' — She paused for a moment. " I was su prised," she continued ; " and you — you have not thought sufficiently over what you have said ; you have spoken on the impulse of the moment. But I thank yon ; for whatever the future may have in store for me, I shall feel that I am not so utterly shut out from the happiness of God's creatures. But you have not counted the cost." " Cost !" he broke in. " What coet ?" " You have told me," she went on gently, '"of your beautiful home, of yonr position there,, of. your social duties. You bear a title ; you have a high place to fill And I"— the tones foltered for a pomanW1? I-itfRButlgt for ibis, , 'Ibopht hot to bring a cloud on any man's life ; and I prill not on yours. — Hush ! You think now you love me ; but soon you would grow toed of hearing ridicule, or at least surprise, at your choice." " Hush, hush 1" he cried. " Why do you speak so ? What do you mean ?" " Listen !" and ishe held out her hand. " I believe you. Your words are sincere now ; but will they remain so ? Prove yourself. Go away to-morrow free, as you came ; you will find in a very short time that you are wrong ; if not; come back again next Christmas Day. Only go 'now, and do your best to forget me. If you value your happiness, you will." " Never !" he answered passionately. " Ivy 1 Ivy 1 won't you hear me ? .Won't you give me one promise, one word of hope ?" She looked up for'au inBtant, a whole' world of love in her eyes. Then she' stole in quietly through the open window, and left him alone with the stars. The echoes of toe bells died iu the distance ; yet he stayed, hoping she would return, confident in his own firm- ness or purpose ana iu tne streugm 01 his love. His waiting was in vain. Chapter IY. The days glided by, and weeks, and months, bringing no change to the peace ful little village, which counted its seasons by herrings and mackerel, its SundayB by holiday clothes — no other outward change. Only np at the " Castle," the life which had flowed on there so steadily was taking another course. Christmas Day again — a wild bluster ing Caristmas, with a strong wind, driving heavy clouds, which were now coming to earth ur drenching showers of rain and sleet. The churcu was just the same, decked with toe shining holly leaves. It was afternoon, and from the organ the deep notes sounded sad and slow. There was no one tolisten, no one to go home with Ivy as she straggled back againBt the relentless' blast; along toe path she had trodden last winter with Lewis Hogarth by her side. Now, as she had predicted; she was alone— not for the moment, but for all her future'life. The day which'- was to separate her from her brother was drawing' near, and Sir Lewis Hogarth was married 1 In so Short a space he had proved— not' him self; but the truth - of her - words. 'He- hadgone away in the foil confidence that he- would come back to clainrher at the Bnd of the time she' had appointed ; and for weeks, in fancy, toat lovely nee which had so fascinated' him" had dwelt with' Mm night and day, till he ' one morning met some other friend of George Wynne's, who not knowing, spoke of her in -terms which opened the baronet's eyes to the manner in which snch ah unfor tunate marriage wonldhe received by toe world. Then he grew tired of his- Lon don life, and went down to his home. In all the awakening' beauty of toe first days of spring, he realizedthe worth of Ms possessions ; and ever and again, as be paced the stately' rooms, he saw those graceless halting - movements, that bent and crippled form ; aod as ' he regarded the pictures of toe stately women of his race, he- contrasted with them the poor cripple he had asked to be his wife. He grew restless and unhappy. He saw now toat what he had called love had been but a brief " stoond," wbicb had come with that awakening to pure desires and high endeavours which had been her work. He had committed him self foolishly, goue too for for a matt of honour to retract ; yet — " Do your best to forget me. If you value you happi ness, you will." Aod with scarce a straggle he succeeded in obeying ber. Six months after, he married a beautiful girl of good family, liviog near. A suit able match, the world said. And the woman he had loved had waited in trembling suspense, hoping vainly for a return of the happiness she, by her own act, had renounced ; for with all her sonl she. loved Mm, with that great Btore of love hidden away all the years of her woman's life — loved Mm, so that the struggle to bid Mm leave her had been almost too hard — the battle almost too fierce for her to win the victory. Aod this was the reward of her self- sacrifice. Yet even when she- heard he was lost to her for ever, she bowed her head in thankfulness because, io all her gloomy afflicted life, she had known one happy hour 1 O God, who from the height of -heaven lookest down upon Tby sinning, . suffering creation, with how many years of misery most we pay for the one honr of joy ? How many lives are there like this, unknown, unnoticed, crushed in the world's tnnnoil — rained, dark existences I Yet to Ivy, existence was not rained, only dark. She never blamed I"'"' He was right ; he had only obeyed her. She went on her way amongst her poor and her home-duties just the aame;- - never pausing to wail, over her sorrows or to mnrmur at her "lot ; and no one but he whn spoke them' ever- knew the : words whispered in the tight of the UbriBtmas stars to the music of toe Christmas bells Lewis; Hogarth was not ' altogether happy, though he had a kind. "of liking for his youag wife ; but -that Christmas Day, as his yacht, delayed by contrary winds, sighted the murky English shores, he could not conquer a strange regret for the year that was gone, for the deep clear eyes which had looked up to bim eo tenderly, for the h peless love he had taught to one weary enough "already with the trial of her life I The day closed in. Ivy sat by the fire dreaming idly ; the night fell ; the children's Christmas-tree blossomed and faded, and she was left alone to wait for the bells. A servant came in with a message — a child at one of the fishermen's cottages was ill ; the doctor was away. What should they do ? She went to the window, opened it, and looked ont The nun was over, though the wind still blew rongbiy, extinguishing the lights, and tossing her hair .in ite wild, nnholy glee. She longed for some movement, some change from ber own dreary thoughts. " I will go with you," ehe said to the boy who had brought the message. It was scarcely five minutes walk from the gate ; and her errand over, the cMId deeping quietly, ehe set off home, followed by the mother's blessings, and escorted by the boy, who insisted on accompanying her. Suddenly, as tbey passed along the beach, it seemed to her as though some other voice than the wind's sounded over the heavy waters, above the roar of the surf. She stopped. " Did you hear a about ?" she asked the boy, who . stood and listened. Three tunas tost vagueaonad was repeated; then Ivy hurried forward round a point of cliff which, jutting ont, obstructed her farther view. Again it came, that voice, whatever it might be. On she hastened, as fast as her feeble strength would allow, past the point, though there was scarcely footway between the chalk wall and the dashing surfi " Do you not see," Bhe said breatMessly, " out there by the Lion Bock?" The boy strained his eyes in the un certain light ; and dimly, within almost a stone's throw of the shore, could be seen, through the clouds of foam flying over her, some vessel in distress. " Give me the lantern," said Ivy hurriedly ; " and run back ; tell some of the men to come here, and some to get the boat — only go qnickly." There was no need to urge speed ; the boy, sailor-born, knew all the danger ; and Ivy, alone upon that terrible beach, lifted the little light on high, to show to those in peril that some one at least was watching them, that sooner or later help must come. The coast was an easy one ; it was deep water everywhere till close m-snore, with the one exception of that reef of rocks called the Lion, almost Mdden by toe high tide, upon which toe small vessel, owing to the violenceof the wind and perhaps the insufficiency of her crew, had been driven. On the deck of the little craft all was helpless confusion. The men, irritated by not reaching their homes by Christmas time, as promised, had grown sulky and rebellious, and in the darkness of the night and the strength of the wind, had through their carelessness brought them selves into this peril Two of them had been washed overboard into the seething waves ; the other three remaining held on grimly to the ropes, occasionally giving those cries for help which had startled Ivy on her homeward way. And beside toe rained mast, with one arm clasped abont a drooping figure clinging to him, stood Lewis Hogarth. Only that morn ing he had foundfaoltwith Fate ; and now hispastlife seemed fraught with every charm as Death was menacing near. There, in those awfol moments, his one thonght was of life — life for himself and the girl beside him, the wife intrusted to his keeping, who in that short space of time he had learned to love with an intensity that had seemed impossible but a few hours before. Suddenly another shout from the seamen : " A light !" There, upon the shore, so near to them, shininu liim a Btar — a light ? They were seen. Surely help would come. " Courage, dear !" he wMspered ; " it will soon be over now." Over it mast be; bat for life — or death ? A load cheer from the beach, and over the dark waves sped a boat to the rescue — those on board they acht eagerly watching as it bore up on its beneficent misson. With infinite difficulty and danger the rescuers drew near the rocks, and flung a rope to those waiting in such agonised suspense ; and then steadily, one by one they were hauled on board. On the beach toe fishermen's wives had gathered, and some blazing wood they had lighted cast a lurid glare over the ridgy surf; and farther flickered that little light which had first brought them the message of deliverance. This Lewis described as he cowered in the stern, his wife resting half-nnconscions in his arms, her hands clasped in prayer. The landing was the greatest danger, for the force of the snrf was snch that the boat might be dashed to pieces, swamped, or overturned before they could reach the beach. The tide had turned, and was on the ebb. At last, after breathless watching, now on the crest of a great heaving wave, now in the dark ness of an abyss, from which it seemed they would never rise, they came near, and while a cloud of foam blinded the stalwart rowers and made the watch-fire seem dim and distant, the keel grated on the pebbles. The foremost men sprang into safety ; those on shore rushed down to drag the boat above the fory of the waves, which tried remorselessly to suck her back. " Go you, sir !" an old sailor shouted to Lewis. "Leave the lady to me. — You could not stand with her,'' he added as Lewis paused. " There's no time to be lost. Go )" Lewis sprang towards the shore, losing his footing in the treacherous surf; and was finally helped to land by the friendly hands of the fishermen, who followed by toe women, had crowded down to toe water's edge. Then, as he stood trying to collect himself, to find words to thank them, a sudden mighty wave dashed over the foremost of them, bearing all down before it, lifting the boat like a shell, carrying with it the old sailor, and dragging the lady from his arms — then tore back with a hollow, rasping sound, leaving the two powerless human beings fighting in the foam for life. The spectators stood 'paralysed. AU was cuutusiuM. lucu, a wim cry lur strength went up to heaven, as the little light which had burned so clearly vanished into darkness, and Tvy rushed down to aid. She heard an answering shout from the fisherman as they fol lowed ; but hours of horrible agony seemed to pa3s as she strugsled amidst the waters, her hands clinging with des perate force about the drowuiug lauy, her eyes blinded by the spray, her feet seeking vainly some firm hold, till she was dashed upon the cruel stones and all was blank 1 the next wave, greedy to seize its victims, rolled up triumphantly, broke with a crash upon the shore, and rolled back disappointed . The fishermen had baulked its fury. Gently they unclasped the poor bruised hands, which had never loosed their hold; and Lewis clasped his wife once more, half-fainting, hut living, in his arms. As soon as possible he left her for a moment, to inquire for her preserver; about whom toe others had crowded. There were broken exclamations, sob bing from the women, aod murmurs from the men, as he made Ms way through them. On the rough beach, the light falling on her tangled golden bur, lay Ivy, white and stilL Lewis sprang forwad, poshing aside the women, and raised her in his arms. " How comes she here ?" he cried. " How has she come by this V " It was she who gave the alarm — who sent for the boat !" answered a dozen voices. " She rushed into the surf 1 It was she who saved your lady 1 She's badly hurt, poor Miss Ivy," they cried angrily, as they pressed round their darling. " God bless her, and spare her !" one ; old man murmured. " She was an angel already !" a i woman's voice answered : and Lewis, j unheeding, knelt there in 6ileut misery. ! Ivy dead ! — for him — for him who had | acted by her so cruelly, who had won her I love, and thrown it aside as some worth- ) less thing !" j Suddenly borne upon the wind, came the j sound oftbe midnight bells, and with them life returned for an instant, as though the spirit were loath to leave bo pure a shrine. Once more those sweet eyes were fixed upon him. ' Lewis 1" she whispered, so low that only he could hear — " the bells! It is Christmas day departing— — " For the second time, while thosechimeB pealed gaily, be held her in his arms ; only now she rested there passively with a smile upon her lips. She did not bid him go. Ended now for ever were sorrow, and life, and love 1 