THE GHOST, ANCETOS, AND THE FAIRY FOUNTAIN. Our readers will be glad to hear that in the course of a few days some of the fore- most sensations and novelties of the present age, in what is termed "Show business," will be produced in Perth. Many persons in this colony who have had the opportunity of visiting the large centres of population cannot but lament the fact that many of the theatrical companies that have visited this colony are but sorry representatives of the talent they have witnessed elsewhere; but now that the means of communication with places outside our own dominion have of late increased, exhibitions entailing capital, enterprise, and magnitude, will take the place of those entertainments we have been accustomed to. True, the thanks of the community are due to the Amateur Theatrical Company for the talented manner in which they have presented and represent- ed the various plays they have undertaken to place upon the stage ; yet in writing we are referring to the many professional companies who have from time to time visited us. A few years ago "The Ghost" created an immense excitement. In London nothing else was talked of — crowds flocked night after night to witness the sensation. Dr. Silvester (the father of Professor Silvester, now residing in this city) contested the claim of invention asserted by Professor Pepper. He was successful in his assertions of proprietary and invention, and to-day "Silvester's Ghost," or, as it is known to some by its wrongful title of "Pepper's Ghost," enjoys the proud position of being the leading illusion of the age. One inven- tion followed another. "Anectos," or the decapitated body, struck terror into the minds of those who beheld it. Science was puzzled in its attempt to solve the mystery. Imitations sprung up like mushrooms, and as quickly disappeared. It defied all enquiries as to the secret. Derived from an old German legend, the story, as presented in the drama, runs thus : A con- spirator against the then reigning monarch refused to divulge the secrets of the society of which he was a member. Angered by his stubbornness, the monarch called in the aid of a celebrated magician, who asserted that he had the power to compel the dead to speak. The magician is informed that if he failed to extract the secrets of the society from the prisoner, his own life would be forfeited. The scene opens (on the stage) with the decapitation of the conspirator. The head is placed on a round table, and is then made to confess ; the decapitated body on the floor, writhing in agony, and the bleeding head on the table, truly "excels aught the cunning hand of man inspired hath done." The celebrated "Sphinx" is a marvel purporting to relate its experiences of from six thousand years back to the present day ; it is sufficient to create an intense interest. The plays in which the "Ghost" appears, are from the brains of such men as Gilbert, Planche, Albery, Byron, Vander- decken, and Garnet Walch. The excellence of the 'dramatic portion is therefore in keeping with the sensations introduced. The "Fairy" (or, as it is also designated, the prismatic fountain) is beyond description. Thousands of jets play according to the manner in which they are operated upon ; describing innumerable fantastic transfor- mations — now green, now golden, crimson, blue, in fact every conceivable variety of color and make it a gorgeous spectacle deny- ing description. Mr. Griffiths, the proprietor, it is to be hoped, will be amply repaid for the great risk of capital, material, and enterprise entailed in placing these novelties before us. He has our best wishes. 