A GOOD deal of discussion has takeu place at different times in the Municipal Council with reference to the propriety of causing all work to be done by contract. Tbo principle, it need baldly be said, has always been acted upon in the case of large works, but it has sometimes been urged that it should also be applied even in the case of Ihe smallest jobs to be performed ; and the proposal was again brought forward on Wednesday evening last, when Alderman RUXUAUDT endeavored to convince his iellow-oldermen that the work done by one of the roadsmen engaged by the day would be more cheaply performed if contracted for. ^o\v in the particular case referred to there is no doubt in the world that Mr. Alderman REIXHARDT was wrong. The roadsman referred to is acknowledged by hiB immediate employer and by the Town Surveyor to be a really first-rate workman, doing an honest day's work every day; the job entrusted to him has been carried out in a way which called forth the unqualified approval of Aldermau LAMPORT, an expert in these matters ; and the wages paid him is 8s. per day. Under these circumstances, it is hard to say how any improvement could be effected in the direction of further economy. And it may be said with regard to the whole question generally, that the system of contracting is not such an infallible method of obtaining the greatest amount of work for the least amount of money as some persons appear to imagine. That it has certain advantages may be admitted. By inviting tenders for any given work, the precise cost can be determined before a shilling is expended. Then, again, the employer is spared the necessity of purchasing costly plant and appliances, to remain perhaps afterwards almost useless on bis hands; and he is also saved the responsibility of engaging and supervising all the labor employed on the job. Against these advantages, however, there are to be balanced certain disadvantages ; the chief amongst the latter is the fact, surprising as it may be to Mr. Alderman REIXIIAUDT, that contract work is not, and from its very nature cannot be, under all conditions cheaper than work performed otherwise. Indeed, it is the very easiest thing in the world to show that the contract system can only be cheap when the work to be done is of an exceptional character, requiring plant aud appliances too expensive to 1m bought specially for the purpose. Assuming that the wages to be earned by the workmen would be the same whether the men are employed directly by the employer or through the medium of a contractor, and that the material used can be purchased as cheaply by one man as another, it follows that the actual first cost of any given job must be precisely the same whether it be carried out directly by the principal or by a middleman. But where ts, there t,*nd <fc. is a middleman or contractor, he of course calculates upon a margin of profit for himself, and this profit obviously fnust be saved where the principal is bis own contractor, i.e., when he carries out tho work himself. The quefr tion, therefore, as to the relativo economy of the systems of contracting or employing daylabor, is one that has to be decided on the conditions prosont in each particular case. For small local bodies it is found in practice to be better to invite tenders for large works. Not that the work is necessarily performed cheaper, but because, for the reasons already stated, it is more convenient. In regard to small works, such as those on whioh the local fcoatam on cngigri» the olMumitanou are all in favor of tho employment of day-labor. Here there is no expensive plant to be purchased, no costly system of supervision required. All that is wanted ieamanor men able aud willing to do an honest day's work for current wages; and the question as to the ability and willingness of tho persons employed to do their duty may very safely be left to the Town Surveyor, aided by a few sharp-eyed aldermen. It may be, of course, that if tenders were invited for these petty jobs, some hard-up unfortunate would occasionally offer to take up a contract at a price which would barely allow him to keop soul and body together. But, careful as the Council may and ought to be in the expenditure of the muni- cipal funds, they can scarcely desire, we take it, to grind down the laboring man to a price below the ordinaiy current rate for this description of work—none too highly paid at best Nor can the local body desire to pay more for the work than the fair average rate of wages. Bat if there be no idea of bringing wages down to starvation point, nor any wish to pay a higher rate than is paid now, what, wo may ask, is the object of effecting any alteration in a system which so far appears to have resulted in obtaining very good value for the money expended, and iu keeping the employes of the Council more directly under the control of their employers, more immediately available for special service in any emergency, than would be possible under any other system ? A NEW political organisation which bids feirto exercise considerable influence is now in course of formation in Melbourne. The name of tho society is "The Liberal Association of Victoria," and the motto selected, " Reform, Retrenchment, and Restoration of Confidence." The circular issued by the projectors sets forth that as Parliament is about to be dissolved, all persons interested in the welfare of the colony should " agree to sink minor differences and unite for the purpose of securing useful, practical, and necessary legislation." It points out that the reform scheme submitted by the Government is not only opposed to the principles hitherto firmly held by all Liberals, but that it has failed to meet with public approval; and that the chief merit in any proposal for reform submitted at the present juncture, would be its probability of being carried into effect within some reasonable period. After a preface somewhat to the foregoing effect, the platform of the Association is announced as follows:— 1\. To reiorm the constitution on the basis sue Rested by Mr. Munro in tbe Legislative Assembly in 1678—by reducing the qualification of electors and members of the Legislative Council, and ihe size of the provinces, shortening the term for which members are elected ; dissolving the Legislative Council as well as tbe Legislative Aaaembly iu case of a serious disagreement between the two chambers', and providing that should the disagreement continue after such dissolution, both Houses meet as one, and give a final vote. 2\. To maintain the Education Act in its integrity, and secure its efficient and economical administration. 3\. To insist upon retrenchment and economy in the public expenditure, and a thorough reform of the civil service. 4\. To establish a direct steam postal service, having its terminus in Melbourne, which would provide for the regularand speedy export of our cereal and animal products. K. To provide for an equitable adjustment of the incidence of taxation, so that all persons shall contribute to the general revenue in proportion to their means, and repeal all vexatious taxes that affect trade without protecting industry. 6\. To encourage and protect all colonial enterprise ; to derelope the mining resources of the colony, by affording facilities for mining on private property ; to work the State railways in such a manner as to avoid all waste orextravagance, while giving facilities for the cheap carriage of colonial produce; and to develop the agricultural resources by the conservation of water and the extension of railways. 7\. To adopt a system ofland legislation that will secure the most unrestricted access to the Crown Lands on the part of the bonaMc agriculturist, terminate tbe squatter's leases in 1880. provide for the classification of all pastoral lands, subdivide them into reasonable areaB, and let the nam*? on equitable terms. To this programme it appears to us very little exception can bo taken, oven by those who during the past few years have been forced to regard with distrust, if not with aversion, the very name of « Liberalism." That it will not exactly satisfy politicians of extreme views on either side, was .of oourse to be anticipated, seeing that it emanates from neither the HlftUtiy not from the hated Upprc Bom But this, to our thinking, is one of its chj recommendations. It may be said, of eomg that some of the clauses—mote especial] portions of the 5th and 6th section*-^ slightly indefinite, but in the present m\sij condition of the society no detailed plt& action could well be expected. So far u goes, the platform is sound and, what equally to the purpose, thoroughly j&Wu; and it entirely repudiates the revohuonuyV proposals of Ministers on the reform question. Under these circumstances, we can only con. sider the establishment of "The Libera] A* sociation of Victoria" a fact on which 6ut neighbors are to be congratulated as a very hopeM sign of the times. THE statement of revenue received for quarter ending 31st December, 1879, is chiefly remarkable for the enormous fallttig-offin tb amount derived from the sale of land. For the corresponding period of 1878, the proceed of auction sales alone represented ov«t £444,000, whilst the receipts from the same source amount now to only £91,000—about one-fifth of the former sum. Deposits on conditional purchases also show a falling-off of nearly fifty per cent., the precise figuresbeing —For last quarter of 1878, £75,000; for list quarter of 1879, 44,000. A marked deenste is noticeable in nearly all the items under this heading, the only exception being in the use of the instalments on conditional purchases, the receipts fromwhich source necessarily will become larger for many years to come. Under the head of " Revenue Proper" the returns ate somewhat more encouraging, though the advance here is certainly not more than wht might naturally be looked for as the result of the steady growth of the population. In round numbers, the customs-house yiddt £8000 more for the last quarter of 1879 thin for the same period of 1878. The gross increase is £18,000, and the gross decrease £10,000. The items which yield less this year than they did last year ore principally wine and dried fruits,both articles made in the colony, and the falling-offmay therefore be regarded as indicating a corresponding development of two important native industries. The duties on spirits, beer, tobacco,sugar, coffee, malt, hops, and rice show a fair advance; and theduty on tea has made the extraordinary jump from £14,000to £25,000. The manufactureof spirits in the colony does not appear to be progressing, the excise duty giving only £660 against £1200 for the last quarter of 187S. The railwav receipts have advanced from £268,000 to £330,000—an increase, however, which does not keep pace with the ever-growing expenditure, and whioh, relatively to the extent of new lines opened during the year, really represents a serious falling-off in tbe revenue, attributable mainly to the low tariff recently adopted for the encouragement of countiy traffic. None of the other items in the list call for special notice, with the single exception perhaps of one in tbe " Unclassified Receipts" giving the amount obtained from work done by persons in gaol Last year the December returns showed the sum obtained from the source in question to be £1043; this year the amount received was £17,925. This advance in the matter of making our criminal* self-supporting, is undoubtedly a step in the right direction. The total receipts for the quarter are £1,249,839, against £1,541,414, showing a total decrease of £291,575. AT the fagend of his eventful term of office the Premier of Victoria has distinguished himself by a coup d'etat, which, though somewhat less serious in its effects, is in its way mote audacious, more arbitrary, wad therefore more characteristic of the man, than the oelebrated Black Wednesday business. It appears that a play entitled "The Happy Land," was announced forperformance at the Aoademy of Music. Tho piece is a local adaptation of a play bearing a similar name which, when performed in London, created considerable sensation from the fact that it caricatured several landing English statesmen. It would appear that Mr. BERRY feared the colonial adaptation would deal as hardly with him as its protq^jp had dealt with Messrs. GLADSTONE, LOWS, and ArsToir, and the Victorian Premier hM probably had enough of this sort of thing at the hands of the Punch artist. Ho accordingly determined to put an extinguisher upon "Thu Happy Land." A section of the Act referring to theatres sets forth that «' It shall be lawful for the Chief Secretary, whenever he shall be of opinion that it is fitting for the preservation of good manners, decorum, or of the public peace so to do, to forbid by writing, under his hand, the acting or presenting any stage play, or any act, scene, or entertainment of the stage as hereinbefore mentioned, or part thereof!" 01 proloRUe or e l )ilo S ue > or any part And on the strength of this clause formal notices havo been served 011 the lessee, manager, and actors at the Academy of Music, forbidding the performance of the play in question. It has been publicly announced by the manager and others in a position to speak authoritatively, that the Government cannot possibly know the contents of the play over which so extraordinary a censorship has been exercised, as it has not yet been either printed or acted. The prohibition of the performance therefore amounts (as is pointed out by one of the parties concerncd) to the exercise of a power more arbitrary than that possessed by the Lord Chamberlain himself. The only thing now necessary to wind up Mr. BERRY'S term of office with appropriate eclat is the seizureand confiscationof, say the^l»v/t«,and the banishment of the editor to, say Geelong. This would form a fitting climax to a career already signalized by a most unreasonable number of arbitrary and audacious acts. ST. LUKE'S WODONGA.—The Ven. Archdeacon Tucker, of Wangaratta, will conduct divine service at Wodonga on Sunday, the 25th inst THE OUTGOING MAIL.—The R.M.S.S. Tanjore, with the mails for Europe and the East, win be despatched from Hobson's Bav on Friday, 23rd January. The mails will close at the Albury post office on Thursday. THE BENAMBRA ELECTION.—Mr. James Fitzjohn announces himself a candidate for the representation of Benambra at the nejjt general election. His address to the electors appears in another column. ALBURY ANNUAL BACKS.—We take the opportunity of reminding owners of horses that nominations for the two principal events—the Albury Cup and Turf Club Handicap—close on Thursday next, the 22nd inst THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—The usual annual election of three aldermen takes place in the beginning of February. The members retiring are Aldermen Emerson, Oulson, and Downie, ail of whom of course are eligible for re-election. THE "NAUTILUS."—This beautiful canoe, which has been built entirely by the Rev. Canon Brownrigg, will be placed upon the river near the boatsheds this afternoon at 5 o'clock. A description of the boat will be found in another column. THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—A special meeting of the subscribers of the Albury Mechanics' Institute will be held on Thursday, 6th February, te consider a proposal made by Mr. Thorold for the opening of the reading-room on Sunday evenings from 7 to 10 p.m. THR MAORI HAKA TROUPE.—This company will perform to-night before an Albury audience for the first time. The programme includes national songs and dances, and a diorama of New Zealand scenery. A special item is the "Challenge War Dance," with which the entertainment opens. UNPAID MUNICIPAL RATES.—At the last meeting of the Borough Council, after the regular business was transacted, some discussion took place with reference to the collection of rates in arrears. The Council Clerk stated that there was £800 yet to be collected. It was decided that energetic measures must be adopted for the recovery of this money. ACCIDENTAL BURNING.—MM. Rixon. resident at Cumberoona, met with a serious accident a few days since. It seems that whilst she was engaged cooking at a fire made outside her house, a por- \ tiou of her dress was blown by the wind into the ire, and at once caught. Before the flames could ' i extinguished Mrs. Rixon sustained such severe juries as to necessitate her immediate removal to Albury Hospital \NEW IDEA.—An ingenious little device has beeyiopted by Mr. Powell, of the Rose Hotel, for Upurpose of keeping the glasses on the bar oounUcool in hot weather. By means of a set of fansrept revolving at a high rate of speed by clockw<j{ ( a current of air is directed over the glasses, Mch are thus kept cool even on the Hottest o&ays.; The mechanism, once wound up, keeps V Cuts in motion for five or six hours without fultar trouble. AROHDBMH JONES.—We learn from the Deniliquin papwithat the Rev. Archdeacon Evans- Jones, who for\o past three years has occupied the position ol Lcumbent of St. Paul's Deniliquln, last weekly his departure from that town for Bega, wbithaifae has been removed. Mr. Jones has been retuyed at his own request, and at somo pecuniary a&rifiee;, the state of his health requiring that he sao\d have a change to a cooler olimate. \ LIVE SHOOK.—'The We stock return for the year has been issued, ffa which it appears that the' oountry has oomp|t]y recovered from the effects of the drought, toek of every description *n inenulfig in numwi >0n (ho 1st January, 1879, there were 25,470,484 sheep, 326,468 horses, and 2,771,583 cattle in the colony. These figures show, respectively, increases in the several classes of stock as follows :—Sheep, 4,225,000; horses, 8318; cattle, 25,000. ODDFELLOWSHIP.—On the evening of Friday, the 9th inst., the installation of officers took place for the Loyal Murray Lodge Independent Order of Oddfellows. The following are the officers:— N.G.,Bro. Finney; V.G., Bro. J. Cattlin ; P.S., Bro. Barnett; Treasurer, Bro. Davey ; Warden, Bro. D'Einanuel; Conductor, Bro. Collins; R.H.S., Bro. Burton ; L.H.S., Bro. Darby; Recording Secretary, Bro. Vipan. At the close of the lodge business the brethren were entertained at supper by Bro. Jackson, of the Australian Hotel. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—The treasurer acknowledges, wilh thanks, the receipt of the following contributions :—Mr. Jas. Ryan, 2s. 6d.; Mrs. Jas. Walker, 2s. Od.; Mr. R. B. M'Martin and employes of Round Hill station, £19 Us. 2d.; Mr. Ales. Sloane, £3 3s., and fourteeu shearers oil his station at 2a. Od. each—£1 15s.; E. Ward, 5s.; per superintendent of hospital—Messrs. Robert Gunn, £2, A. M'Isaac, £3, W. Brennan, £1 ; collected by Mrs. C. J. Morton, Jindera, £2 2s.; R. C. Webb, £1 Is,, aud three shearers 2s. 6d. each, 7s. 6d. SENIOR-SERGEANT LENTHALL.—At the close of the ordinary business at the police court yesterday, the police magistrate took an opportunity of expressing, on behalf of the Bench, the regret experienced at the prospect of losing the services ot Senior-sergeant Lenthall. The remarks of Captain Brownrigg, published elsewhere, convey a very graceful tribute to the good service aud exemplory character of Sergeant Lenthall, and cannot fail to be extremely gratifying to him. We may add that he is as highly esteemed by the general public as by the Bench. MUNICIPAL IMPROVEMENTS.—Owing to the low state of the municipal finances and the unwillingness of the Council to incur liabilities for the liquidation of which no means are at present available, no large works have of late been carried out. Several minor improvements have, however, been effected in connection with the cleaning of water-tables, footpaths, &c.; amongst other work of this character, that on the west side of Olivestreet, from the intersection of Hume-street to Wynack'8 corner, has been performed in a particularly creditable manner. THE GEROGERY ROAD.—Great complaints are made with regard to the want of a bridge over the Four-mile Creek on the main Gerogery road. The bridge was washed away by the floods some four months since, but up to the present time nothing has been done to replace it, and farmers at Gerogery and Walla Walla are put to great inconveni- ence in consequence. One, for example, assures us that in order to get into town with a load now, he is obliged to make a detour of several miles and to cross four or five very awkward creeks. This matter should be seen to at once. NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT.—Parliament re-assembled on Tuesday last, after the holidays. The business transacted was mainly of a formal character. Some discussion took place with regard to the decisions of the Minister for Works in connection with the late railway accident. Mr. M'Elbone considered that Mr. Vernon's recommendations were monstrous. Instead of recommending the dismissal of the driver and the disrating of Mr. Carlisle, he should have recommended the contraty. Mr. M'Elhone also protested against the holding of the inquiry with closed doors. TUBBO.—A correspondent writes as follows :— " I have seen, during the last few days, ample evidences of the grain-growing capabilities of the Tubbo soil. • I had in my hands a sample of wheat and oats grown by Mr. M'AIaiy, of the famous ' Haunted Hut,' and I can safely affirm that Mr. M 4 Alary has raised wheat during the past season that will compete with the best brands from Adelaide and Victoria, whilst I am sure that his sample of oats would beat anything grown at the model farm of Dookie. Mr. M'Alary calculates that the wheat in question will realise over 20 bushels to the acre, and the oats between 35 and 40 bushels. Mr. Hector M'Guinness has cultivated even more successfully than this, and shows very fine specimens of the raw material of the ' staff of lile.'" THE CONDEMNED BOSHRANOKBS.—The following is the reply of his Excellency the Governor to the deputations that waited upon him at Governmeat-house on Wednesday ana presented petitions in behalf of Rogan :—" Gentlemen,—I receive this petition with a deep sense of the painful responsibility imposed on me by the gravity of the case to which it refers, and by the consciousness of my duty to society. I will submit this petition to my responsible advisers, by whose decision I shall l>e entirely guided. A special council is convened on Friday to deliberate on this and other petitions in behalf of the prisoners under sentence ol death. At tho same time it is my duty to state that I cannot hold out any hopes that the unanimous decisiou-of the Council, taken after the most careful consideration of their case, will be reversed." His Excellency declined to see Rogan's mother and sister. CANDOUR IN THE DOCK..—A man uamed Sinclair was brought up at the local police court on Monday, charged with stealing two cheques the property of Mr. Stallworthy, publicau,of Morvon. The evidence of the prosecutor was to tho effect that the cheques in question had been left in a box on the bedroom table in tho hotel at Morven, aud that shortly before they were missed prisoner had been knocking about tne place doing odd jobs of work, the inference being that the prisoner had gone into the room and taken them. This con- 1 struction of the affair, however, did not meet the views of the prisoner, who, before any evidence was called to connect him with the possession of the cheques, volunteered the following singularly candid confession :—"The prosecutor was drunk and dropped the ohequei on the floor of the din* ing-room. I picked them up. He was unable to take care of them, and I thought I might as well have them as any one else." RACING ON THE UPPER MURRAY.—We notice that the newly-formed Towong and Tallangatta Racing Club announces the programme of its first annual meeting. The first event is a Maiden Plate of 15 so vs., distance 1£ mile, weight for age. There is then a Two-year-old Stakes of £25, j mile; colts to carry 8st. 3lb., fillies 8st. The third race, the principal event of the day, is the Shire Handicap, of 45 sovs.; 2 miles ; second horse to reccive 5 sovs. The nominations for this race must be with the secretary on or before 9 p.m. on 2nd March ; thu weights will be published in this journal and in the Ovetu and Murray Advertiser on the 13th March ; acceptances must be delivered bv the 24th. The next event is a Selling Hack llace of 10 sovs., once round the course, 8st. up. The fifth nice is a Flying Handicap of 15 sovs., one mile. The programme is brought to a close with a Consolation Stakes of 10 sow., 1J mile. The night ot general entry is 27th March. A RIVERINA GHOST STORY.—The residents of this district do not, as a rule, deal very largely in the marvellous, but there is nevertheless a bark dwelling on Mr. M'Alary'a selection, at Tubbo, which has obtained the name of the " Haunted Hut." A correspondent sends us the following ac count of the circumstances under which the name was given :—" It appears that a Chinese shepherd committed suicide on this weird spot, ana was succeeded in due course by a Paddy of a highly credulous and imaginative turn of mind. According to Paddy's depositions, the spirit of the defunct ' Chinee' was decidedly corporeal in its tastes and habitudes. It had a disagreeable pcnchant for billy tea, and was not above stealing cabbages and purloining ' unregarded trifles' of evety aescrip tion. This is altogether a new development of spirit-visitation, and shows clearly ana conclusively enough to the unbelieving mind that a ghost Btory may afford a most convenient pretext to any designing rascal who chooses to add to his own stock and store by trading upon the superstitious feart of the vulgar." LIABILITY OK TENANTS.—A case of some interest to landlords and tenants was dealt with at the Small Debts Court on Tuesday. Mr. F. Matthews of the Temperance Hotel, was summoned for municipal rates on the building for the year 1879. He objected to the olaim on the ground that he had only occupied the house for eight months, the rates for which period he was willing to pay. Mr. Nagle, who appeared for the Council, pointed out that the Council could only look to the occupant of the house for the rates so long as his occupancy continued. In the event of a tenant leaving, the arrears could then be recovered from the landlord. Mr. Matthews pleaded that the landlord had declined to pay any portion of the rates. The Bench made an order in favor of the Council for the amount claimed, but pointed out that Mr. Matthews had his remedy in the deduction of the amount accruing before'his term of occupation commenced, from his next payment of rent to his landlord. In connection with this subject we may remark that any person taking a house should, first ascertain whether there be any arrears of rates on the premises, and it there be, he should have a proper understanding with the landlord concerning the liability in this respect. LOYAL ALBURY LODGE, MANCHESTER UNITY, I.O.O.F.—At the usual lodge meeting held on the 5th inst., the annual statement and report prepared lor the Registrar of Friendly Societies was submitted to the membere, from which it appears that the total amount received during the year 1879 for initiations, contributions, &c.;, was £494 19s. 2d., and the expenditure for the same period, including payments to District, medical attendance, expenses of management &c.;, was £371 14s. 5d. The lodge has also been able to pay off £137 3s. 10d., from the liability due on the building of the hall, leaving still a balance of £207 1 Is, 6d. The total worth of lodge funds, including freehold property, is setdown at £134419s. 5d. The number of members at present financial is 121, and it speaks well for the healthiness of the members that only 14 have been in receipt of sick pay, aud the total amount paid £31, equalling 29$ weeks. One of the chief features of sick benefit is that the lodge allows £1 Is., which is not reduced in event of continued sickness, as is thu case in all other Friendly Societies. Upon the death of a member £20 is paid from the Funeral Fund of the district, and, in the case of a married member, £10 from the Widow and Orphan's Fund tor the first five years of membership, with an additional £5 for every subsequent five years to 20 years, when £30 is the maximum paid from that fund. The sum of £15 is paid on the death of a member's wife. The initiation fees are reduced to the lowest scale compatible with safety, commencing at 12*. for candidates at 18 years ol age, and rising slightly as age advances. Altogether the position of the lodge is highly satisfactory. BURGLARIES.—There would appear to be a party of burglars (happily uot very expert in their calling) anxious to commence business in the Federal City. On Sunday night last they succeeded iu forcing open the front aoor of Messrs. T. H. Mate aud Co.'s shop in Townsend-struet, aud proceeding to the drapery department pulled down a lot of men's clothing, apparently with a view of obtaining a good fit in coats. Two bundles of saddle-straps were also removed from the ironmonger's shop to the drapery department, presumably for the purpose of making up a good parcel of soft goods in convenient form for removal. In so large a stock as that kept on hand by Messrs. Mate and Co. a few items would not readily be missed, aud it is, we undeistaud, impossible to say whether any goods have been taken or not. A few shillings in silver that had been left on the cashier's desk were appropriated, but a larger sum lying in a drawer must have been overlooked, as it was not interfered with. The thieves appear to have gone down into the cellar for a bottle of porter, the neck of which was knocked off with a knife, and the contents discussed upstairs. Another attempt at burglary was made on the night of the 9th inst. The place chosen this time was the store of Mr. Stassen, an entranoe to which was attempted by meanB of'picking the lock of the door. The burglars, however, were not skilful in this important branch of their calling, and after a vain attempt to force.die.lock with a piece of a file, were tain to depart leaving the file sticking in the lock. Vet a third affair of the kind took place on Monday night at- Mr. Lay ton's hotel, Gerogery road, a jar of spirits and some other articles being taken. Tlus is the second robbery that has occurred at Mr. Layton'e premises during the past fortnight. A HAPPY PAIR.—A curious charge of wife desertion formed the subject of investigation the local police court during the past week. The plaintiff, a young woman named Marearet Klein, summoned her husband, Martin Klein, with a view of obtaining an order for maintenance. Her account of the little differences that had arisen between them was certainly a strange story. On one occasion she stated that her husband came into the house and began to throw the things about He then threatened to "end"her, and presenting a gun pulled the trigger, when the cap alone exploded. He next said he would "end"* himself, and with this purpose pointed the gun at his own body, pulled the trigger again, with the same harmless result. It was not stated whether the gun was loaded on either occasion. Finding that death by gunpowder (or percussion caps) was uot so easily to be compassed, he took a razor and began scratching himself on the arm with that weapon, finally winding up by seizing the baby and throwing it out of doors. According to Mrs. Klein's story, the only provocation given to defendant was her refusal to work in the harvest field, a job for which she was physically unfit, aud which she never had been used to aud knew nothing about. Under these circumstances, she states defendant threw her things out of the house and refused to support her. The defendant's story presents a very different version of the affair. He states that whilst at work he merely requested her to do a little raking, "light work that would hurt nobody." She refused, and on his going to the house for a drink she began to bundle upner things and announced her intention of leaving him. Defendant entirely denied the truth of the little episodes of the gun and the razor, and also distinctly repudiated any idea of maltreating the baby, which he averred he had always treated kindly, though it was not his own child. There was a large amount of cross swearing (to use no stronger term) in the case, and with a view to arrive at the truth an adjournment was made until this day. CROWN LAND SALE.—A sale by auction of Crown lands was held at the Court-house on Wednesday. Eight lots in the parish of Gordon, amounting in all to 1802i acres, were knocked down to Mr. R. Rand, of Mahonga, at the upset price of 25s. per acre. For the remainder of the lots submitted there was no offer. WOOL CROSSINGS.—Yarrara, 56 bales; Heath, 3J ; Wyalong, 59; Yalgogriu, 9; Walla Walla, 6; Maracket, 10; Doodle Cooma, 37 ; Ten-mile Creek, 8 ; Buckarginga, 5 ; Humula,31 ; Manus, 60 ; Oberne, 25 ; Albury, 3 ; Hanging Rock, 18 ; Mate, 8. LAND SALE AT COROWA.—A sale of Crown lands was held at the Court-house, Corowa, on Wednesday last. Lots A, B, C, D, and E, parish of Wahgunyah, county of Deni6on, containing in all 1246a. lr. were purchased by Messrs. Brown and M'Farlan. The remaining lot, containing 250'acres, situated in the county of Hume, parish of Richmond, was purchased by the owner? of Gumbargana. DENTISTRY.—Mr. De Saxe, surgeon dentist, pays his periodical visit to Albury on Sunday next (to-morrow), aud may be consulted on that day and Monday. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time m the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention :—Mr. M. Solomon announces his iutcntion to leave the district, and therefore is selling off the whole of his stock at a sacrifice ; trespassers on the land of Messrs. M. aud E. Keogh at Bowna will be prosecuted ; Mr. L. Solomon will offer for sale by auction on Wednesday next Senior-sergeant LenthaU's household furniture ; On Saturday next Mr. Steel will offer for sale, at the Glo1»e Hotel, Mr. O'Hanlon's baker's shop in Smollett-street; tenders are invited from persons willing to collect, on commission, subscriptions in aid of the Mechanics' Institute ; the annual Foresters' fete will be held on Easter Monday ; Messrs. R, Gibson und Co., Melbourne, announce that they have secured unusual facilities for handling fat stock entrusted to them for sale ; mare lost from Mundawaddera ; Monday evening next is lodge-night lor the Loyal Albury Lodge, M.U.,I.O.O.F.; Mi. Cyrus Smith will hold at Wodonga, on Tuesday, 3rd February, a sale of land at Bonegilla; Hamilton Races, Upper Yanko, will be held ou Saturday, February 14 5 a horse left by Mr. Bennett with* Mr. Wright will be sold if not removed and expenses paid ; Mr. Wynack will not be responsible for debts contracted without bis written order ; a court for the revision of the municipal list will be held on Weduusdav ; Arthur Murray is advertised for; Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co.'s sale of fat stock next Weduesday ; a public meeting is announced at Germauton for Monday next to consider what steps should be takeu for relieving the distress in Ireland ; Mr. Solomon will sell condemned troop horses on Saturday next; Mr. A. Devlin announces a sale of land at Natatidera on Weduesday, 21st inst.; B. Cullev and Sou will sell at Urana, on Monday, 26th inst. a farm on Yanko Creek: Mr. Steel will hold a sale of bones to-day at the Riverina Yards 5 Church of England Grammar School opens on Tuesday, 87th init 