" STRANGE, IF TRUE." j Such Was the thought that passed | through my miud after hearing the tales | mentioned below, and the discussion that 1 naturally arose concerning them. I am, of course, no believer in "ghost stories," | but, as many of my readers doubtless know, there are circumstances which seem | to baffle all attempts at explanation. Such, | I think, are those which were . lately | repeated to me, and which; believing they I might interest our readers, I intend to write down u& they are said to have occurred. Before, however, commencing to do so, I think it best to Bay that all. | the stories were related by the persons who were actually concerned in them. About three years ago, a gentleman 1 holding a government situation at the Cape, was residing, for a time, in the execution of his duty, in a small village some distance from Cape Town, It was, in general, a very, quiet place, with only a few regular residents ; a great many of the houses remaining closed most of the . year, their owners living elsewhere on frlipir farms. Once in twelve months, however, the tittle village became quite gay, assuming, for a few weeks, a totally different aspect. This was on the occasion . of the annual fair, when, in strong contrast to its usually almost deserted look, the place waa literally crowded with visitors of - all kinds. The time of the fair was very close at hand, - -iyhen ..the . gentleman .. to whom I have preferred, a .man in the priirie of life, active; strong, in vigorous health, and not in . any way imaginative, left the house where he was residing, with the in tention "of taking a .walk. It was a clear, beautiful evening, the moonlight making all as distinct as in the day ; and he paused beside one of the empty houses already mentioned, for the purpose of lighting Ms pipe. .. There' was not a cloud to be seen; not a shadow cast anywhere near where he was standing, , when suddenly, from, round the'eorner, as if just leaving the hall-door, passed a full-sized coffin, just such a height from the ground as would have been the case had it been carried on men's shoulders. The gentleman watched it with a feeling of curiosity, and it seemed to disappear in the distance. He told me that no one could have mistaken it, the shape being so perfectly defined. It stood out grey and opaque in the clear, sweet air, and passed him so closely that he could -have laid his hand upon it. Wondering at the strange sight, but without any feeling of dread or I fear connected with it, he was yet suffi ciently impressed by the circumstance to I write it down, with the date and hour, in I his note- book, and to mention, it to the I doctor, who was an intimate friend of his, though the latter merely laughed, believing I it to have been some optical delusion, even when assured that my friend had seen it as plainly as he then saw himself. Some days7passed, and in the busy, daily life, tbe ft.ffn.ir was forgotten by both gentlemen. I The fair-time arrived, and, as usual, the I little village was crowded. AmongBt 1 the visitors was a young man typhoid fever, who waa taken to the ' very cottage before named. All the skfllof the doctor proved unavailing, and, amidstthe general gaiety, th® snaaow w ® 1 upon Mm; and, three days after Ms arrival, his coffin was earned out of the house from whence the gentleman had seen the strange sight issue. On reminding the doctorM what be had been told, the latter said that had he remembered Lhe facts, he would have sent tie ivf elsewhere; though, of ourse, if the cati, "Come np hither," had gone forth from the Master's tips; no earthly power could have stayed the departing spirit. . As I said before, I am no ghost stories, but when a strange f aet such AS' this is declared to have fee® practical, unimaginative man, health, onO Scarcely knows what to think The scene of my next story is laid in. New York, in a handsome house in ctae of the best parts of the city ; the lady who related it resided there at the time ; the other inmates consisting of her husband, two children, and servants. A cousin with whom she had been brought np from infancy, usually lived with them, but his health having latterly failed, he had gene, by advice, to Florida. , One tmioon. aa. she was sitting playing with the tittle ones, the nurse, who 2"£1bo J1® exclaimed. " There is Mr. George ! Look- S X the lady, to her aBtomshment, saw her cousin, whom Bhe believed to be so far away, standing in a leaning attitude the open door, gazing at the merry Soup; natorally enough, her first remark I was to enquire why- he had returned, but I he gave no answer and moved away, as be thought, to go tobW a at that 1 >nmtier husband entered by another 1 she at once told him that 1 " George was at home, and gpne to his | room." Glad to hear the welcome, thoagh j qaite unexpected news, the gentleman I followed Mm, but soon eame down, paying he was not there. . Greatly puzzled as to where their cousin could haye disappeared, I they searched every room with as little I sueoezs ; no one, save tlm lady her I nurse, having seen Mm alwatthe house, I Almost the next mail brought them ths I sad intelligence that the young man had died of rapid decline, at the very hour of the day on wMch his cousin had, as she thought, spoken to Mm in her own | drawing-room. The lady to'" whom thiB j happened had always been most averse to | putting any faith , in stories.of this kind# and, but for the news of Ms death having occurred precisely at the time she saw him, would always have remained convinced that he(7 iad returned and played some trick upon her. The most singular part of the circum stance is, I think, that whilst the lady and nurse both saw and spoke to him, the children took no notice of one whom they had always loved, being in the same room. j ' Another most curious tale, indeed, the most puzzling of all, was related of a soldier leaving Ms post through seeing the < " spirit," as he affirmed, ,of one. of, Ms officers, who, unknown to Mm, had just shbt himself ; but having read it in one of our daily papers, I "do.not repeat it, as my readers may, in all probalulityi have done the same. — - - ' _ : My last story is one tbafebappened on ! board ahip, and that seems to me very . pathetic from the great /love . that must have existed between: tbe -friehds.. It was on a lovely evening that' one of the | passengers on board a homeward-bound | Tndiaman, tempted by the beauty of the | scene, was lingering on deck, unwilling to | exchange the pure sea breeze for the | heated atmosphere below. Looking, round, | with a feeling that he was no longer alone, | and expecting to see one of Ms companions, | hewaBBurprisedtoeeesittingbesidehim, the | deareBt friend he possessed, and who; as he knew, was stationed somewhere in the j West Indies. "B " he exclaimed, utterly | bewildered by seeing the face so familiar | to Mm gazing fondly, yet sadly at Mm ; " how came you here ? Have you been | Mdden away all these days P' As he. spoke | half-jestingly, a strange sensation came | over Mm— was he dreaming or mad? Bow could B— — , who was hundreds of miles | away, be now on board with Mm ? " How | did you get here?" he asked, bis voice | insensibly taking an awe-struck tone. | "I came to see you," was the answer, spoken in low, strangely thrilling accents ; | " I felt I must 'see you, but I cannot stay j longer." I He laid his hand on that of Ms friend | as he spoke, pressing it with the old gentle touch the other remembered so well, and was gonC before any answer could be made. . For a long time, tbe officer sat. pondering | on the strange visit ; then taking out his | note-book in the : bright star-light, he | placed the facts on record, with the hour and date. ' He did- not mention the cir- | cumstance on board, knowing well how | improbable such a story would appear, but | it was with a heavy heart that he saw the " whit© cliffs of old England" becoming visible, for a deep conviction had taken possession of Ms - heart that, on landing, | he would, in some way, receive sad tidings | of his old and well-loved friend. He knew | that he had been awake and that speech had passed between his strange visitor and Mmself, but who that visitant was, he 'dreaded, brave soldier though he were, to | attempt to explain. Landing in England, | Ms fears were soon verified, intelligence | | reaching thn that, on the very night when he had seen and. spokeit to himhis friend | had died in the West Indies. | I do not pretend to. gix%»ny explanation of | these '.»> Btrftnge storite-;". those, who told | them to me averred solemrily that the facts j I were jus# ab thay had. s,rted them, arid I | have no reason to disbelieve their word, j That such things may occur, by permission of I | our all-wise Creator, is quite possible, but; I whilst granting so much'; I think every one | should do Mb or her utmost to put down and destroy that foolish, hurfiol belief in those | so-called " ghost-stories." that have so often | done such irretrievable misobief to timid I natures and young children. Thinking the | | above accounts eurions and somewhat out of | | the common — at Jeast, the first: and third — I j have simply " told the tale as 'twaB told to | me," leaving my readers to form their own | I judgments .about them. Still, I - think j Hamlet's words may, with'(jastice, be quoted regarding them, "That there axe more things | in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in | our philosophy," .ahd that, in very truth, such stories are " strange: if true E. A. 0.„ 