LADIES' COLUMN. INTERESTING HISTORY OF JEWELS. (New Yorlc World.) \ After the street signs the Tuileries and after the Tuileries the crown diamonds. M, Benjamin Ranpail, a Radical member bearing a Radical and remedial name, reported to the .French Chamber of Deputies short, ly before its adjournment a bill for the sale of the crown jewels which, it will he remembered, were one of the at tractions of the Exposition last. year. Certain jewels he recom mended to be kept in the interest of art and hia- j fcory, but ' all the others should be disposed of as no longer serving any useful purpose and the proceeds of the sale turned into the Treasury of the State.' The report continues : ' These jewels are no longer available for the purpose for whicli the monarchy collected them at great cost : the expense of keeping and guard ing them is a burden and they are exposed to risks of various sortg. They should not continue to give to tho spectator an impression of being treasured up for a monarchical, restoration.' It is not easy to form any idea of the intrinsic value of these jewels, or of the price they will bring if brought to the hammer, but it is doubt ful, if the sales of Isabella II. 's jewels and those of Mme. Musard be taken as offering trust worthy data, whether the Republic will get high prices, especially now that the Duke of Bruns wick is not living to purchase. According to the inventory taken by command of Louis XVIII. there were more than 64,000 precious stones in the collection, of a weight of 18,751 carats, and a value of 81, 180,052. The present estimate of the value of the crown alone, which contains the Regent diamond and 5360 other stones, is 82,910,400. There is a set of pearls said to be worth £233,000, a jewel of the royal order of the Holy Ghost in diamonds worth 877,200, a set of diamonds and sapphires valued at 856,000, an imperial sword representing 848,140 in money, a Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor which cost 89000, and so on. The gem of the collection, of course, is the Pitt or Regent diamond, which is ranked fifth in the list of the world's great diamonds though there are suspicions that the Braganza, which stands unap proachably alono in size at the head of the roll, is really a white topaz, suspicion strengthened by the refusal of the Portuguese Government to al low it to be inspected. In the rough the Pitt weighed 410 carats. It was found in 1702 in the mines of Parteal, twenty miles from Wazulipitam, by a slave, who, to conceal it, placed it in a gash which he cut in his teg, pretending to nave been wounded by accident, and wrapping a bandage round the limb. Running away with his precious discovery he offered it to a Christian sailor as the price of the Christian sailor's assistance in regain ing his liberty. The Christian sailor lured him to the vessel, took the stone and threw the Hindoo overboard, drowning him. The dia mond thus obtained brought the scoundrel no luck, for he sold it to a merchant named Jamchund for £1,000, squandered the money and hanged himself. Jamchund in turn disposed of the precious stone to Thomas Pitt, Governor of Fort St. George, for £12,500. Mr. Pitt had it cut into a fine brilliant, the process occupying two years and costing £5000, but the fragments split off were worth £3000 or £4000. The weight of the stone v/as thus reduced to 136f carats — the Koh-i-noor weighs 1024- — but the stone became and continues to this day the most perfect brilliant in existence, being without a rival in shape or water. The Pitt diamond came near killing its English owner with anxiety. Tradition says that ' so fearful was he of rob bery that he never made known beforehand the day of his coming to town and never slept con secutively two nights in the same house, * :S * All sorts of stories were about the' means by which Pitt obtained his treasure, so that he was at last forced to defend himself in a pamphlet.' Pope wrote : Asleep and naked as an Indian lay, An honest factor stole a gem awny : . He pledged it to a knight ; tlie knight liad wit, So kept the diamond, and the rogue was bit, In 1717 Pitt sold the diamond gleefully to the Duke of Orleans, regent of France, for £675,000. In 1792 the Constituent Assembly ordered an inventory of tho crown jewels to be taken, but just as it was completed, and on the night of August the 16, forty thieves, acting in unison, brolco into the house, Place Louis XIV., where the jewels were deposited, and carried them off. Only two of the thieves were caught ; the others escaped and the diamonds could not be found. At that moment one Lamieville, a barber, lay in prison in the Conciergorie under sentence of death for coining. Ho broke out of prison and shortly after informed a municipal oilicer, ono Sergeant Marceau, who had been kind to him during his confinement, that ho had overheard tho captured thieves talking of the place wliero the jewels were to be concealed till the ardour of pursuit had abated. These placos were the hollows of two largo beams in a certain house in tho alloy known as Pallee des Veuves. The sergeant wont there, found the Pitt and other jewels and restorod them to tho Government, Lamieville receiving a pardon and a commission in a regiment of tho lino. (According to another story the diamonds were coached in a liolo in the Champs Elysees aud their hiding- place v/as disclosed to tho Prefect of Police by an anonymous correspondent.) Fabre d'Eglantine accused Roland of being in the plot ; others charged it to Danton. After tho eigh teenth Brumairo Napoleon pledged the Regent diamond, as it was called after its purchase by tho Duke of Orleons, to the Dutch as security for the funds wherewith ho consolidated his power, and after he redeemed it, it wa3 placed in tho pommel of his sword. Tho Prussians took it at Waterloo but it v/as restored to Franco. Tho Sancy diamond was among those stolen in 1792. It is a brilliant of'S'L carats and is supposed, though tho story is doubtful, to have been worn by Charlo3 tho Bold, as a talisman, and to have been taken from his dead body when he was killed by a Swiss halberdier afe the battle of Nancy, in January, 1477. A Swiss soldier who stripped and plundered the ducal corpso took the 3toue, it is said, and sold it for ? 2h franca to a priest; who made 12 cents on the transaction. It was among tho crown jewels of Portugal, and v/as pawned for 4-0,000 livres to Harler de Sancy, who subsequently bought it for 100,000. One of his descendants sent it by a faithful servant to be pawned to raise funds for Henri III. ; the man was set upon and killed, not, howover, till he had swallowed the diamond that was thereafter to .bear his name. It wag taken from his stomach when his body was opened by order of the Prince, who felt sura j of his fidelity, and it passed through several other hands afterwards. James II., of England, sold 1 it to Louis XIV. for £25,000 ; it was stolen from the French Treasury, with the other crown j jewels, in 1782 ; after its reappearance it wa3 sold by the Duchess de Berry to the Demidoffs. Count Paul lost it at a fancy ball at Count. Walev/ski's, but it v/as found again. If wo mis- ' take not, it is now in India, having been purchased of Russia in 1865 by Sir Jam set jee Jejceblioy for £20,000. Twelve famous diamonds — known as 'the twelve Mazarins,' from the fact that they were newly cut by the Cardinal's order — dis- appeared irom among the French crown jewels after the Revolution of 1830, and were not again heard of till 1877, just before the marriage of King Alfonso XII. and the Princess Mercedes, when an Amsterdam dealer offered, them for sale at Madrid, being commissioned to dispose of them by an owner who wished to re« main unknown. Among the jewels which M. ? Raspail wishes to have dispersed is a beautiful ruby cut into the form of a dragon with outspread wings. The priceless 'blue diamond-' of tho Regent stolen in 1792 has never been heard of since, though there are jewellers who think they have found it in a magnificent stone belonging to . an English nobleman of wealth. As in the caso ; of street signs, so also in the case of the crown, diamonds the French Republicans mako tho foolish mistake of confounding the show o£ ' things with the things themselves. If the re public falls, the next royal or imperial ruler of' France will buy a new set of crown jewels. If it - stands, why sacrifice by a forced sale at an un propitious moment a great mass of valuable pro perty Bure to grow rather than lose in value ? 