AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. The Rev. Dr. Jessop writes to the AtheneEun a narrative of au incident which has " strikingly enlarged his experience of mental phenomena.' It occurred on the 11th of October last, at Lord Orford's seat, Mannington Hall, where he had Uaah in ArtnenllinD ftnfV TIAtPQ UCCU 414 W1IOUIU.I5, from a number of volumes of antiquarian inte rest. The statement was written not many days after the event, at the request of a friend, and when all the circumstances were fresh in his memory, and he hasyielded to an earnest request to make it public. "Dr. Jessop was writing in 0 room adjoining the library between one and two a.m., and, " being a chilly person," was seated at the corner of a table, on which four silver candlesticks were burning, with the fire on his left, while in front was a little pile of books, from which he was taking uotes. "I was just," he says, " beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand within a foot of my elbow." Turning his head, he saw "a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, slightly bending over the table and apparently examining the pile of books. The man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely cut reddish brown hair, his ear and shaved cheek, the eye-brow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large cheek-bone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit, of thick corded silk, or some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serv ing as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin." The doctor looked at his visitor for some seconds, " perfectly sure that he was not reality," feeling, however, no alarm or uneasiness, but cariosity and strong interest. He was eager to make a sketch of the apparition, and afraid " not of his staying, but lest he should go." At a movement of his arm the figure vanished, and he resumed his writing, but when he bad aetuallv-jftot to the last few words of his ex tracts appeared again. Endeavouring to fram eB?4ntence to address to the mysterious personage, " I discovered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my own voice." He completed his task — the notes, he says, showing not the slightest tremor of nerv ousness — shut the bv.uk, and threw it on the table. At the noise the figure vanished, and the doctor, leisurely replacing the volumes in their places, went to bed, and " slept soundly." 