MISCELLANEOUS. The Sheffield « Red Book' for 1880 gives a table of figures relating to the iron and steel companies connected with Sheffield, or with that district of the country, which dis plays vividly the effect of the revival in the iron trade on the value of their shares. There are 16 of these companies, and* at the end of 1878 the aggregate value of their shares at the market nrice was £3,971.541. It is now £6,242,603, an increase of no less than £2,271,062 on the year. Shares which were a year ago at a heavy discount — such as those of John Brown & Co. (Lim.), the Sheepbridge Coal and Iron Company (Lim.), and the ' A' shares of the Staveley Coal and Iron Company (Lim.) — are now either at a much less discount or at a considerable premium. This is only what was to be ex pected after the excitement of the last three months, and we can only trust that the business of the coming year may be such as to justify present quotations. Amongst the latest Kelly items, says the N. E. Ensign, is the statement that some one in Sydney discovered Ned Kelly on a tram-car there, shaved and well-dressed, and that a conversation with the ' suspect' conclusively persuaded the Sydney man he was speaking to the veritable leader of the outlaws. Since the institution of the Victoria CrosB for bravery in 1856, it has been bestowed on no less than 368 officers and men in the military and naval services. Of the 368 heroes who won the distinction, 171 were commissioned officers, the remaining 197 being non-commissioned officers and men in both services. We observe that the prices of apples in Covent Garden on January 29 were 2s to 6s per half-sieve — 3§ bushels. There have been 20 planetoids added in the course of the past year to those already known, making the total number 211. It would be much more satisfactory to have to report some discovery that would lead to the generalisation of the group than to keep adding to their number. We may of ceurse expect that another score will be added to the catalogue during the current year with out our being much the wiser. — ' GEdipus.' The leadingsensation amongst the ' upper most ten' when the last English mail left was that the young Princes, Albert, Victor, and George (sons of J. J. Casey's friend, the Prince of Wales), had been persuaded by some of their shipmates on, board of the Bacchante to allow themselves to be tatooed, and a small anchor has been executed on the nose of each of the lads. Their parents are very angry, and the question is, can the marks be obliterated ? Only that the story comes from an undoubted source, we should be incUned to regard it as a scene from one of Marryatt's novels, with an alteration of names, rather than an actual occurrence of the sober and decorous year 1879. [The above story has now proved to be untrue.] The experiment has been tried in Iowa, U. S., of sowing in the autumn, upon one acre of land, two bushels of wheat mixed with one bushels of oats. The oats shot up rapidly, and were of course killed down by the frost. But they furnished a warm covering for the earth, and prevented the winter-killing of the wheat, while the rot ting pat-leaves and stalks afforded a rich top dressing for the crop the following spring. The result was an abundant yield of wheat, while land precisely similar along side of it, and treated in the same n-anner with the exception of omitting the oats, was utterly worthless. — New York Tribune. A strange story reaches the Bendigo Inde pendent from the Sheepwash. A few even ings since, four woodcarters were returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sheep wash. The night was clear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached the Junction hotel, they turned off on a bush track, and travelled along for a short distance. Suddenly they saw approaching them the figure of a headless female draped in white, and gliding along apparently with out any exertion. Each woodcarter was riding in his own dray. They gazed with fascinated horror on the spectacle, none of them able to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair is that the men say that directly it passed one waggon it became in visible to those sitting in the other cait. Thus it appeared to each woodcarter, one after the other. Although dressed in white there appeared to be a yellowish hue sur rounding the figure. For four nights in succession,' the ghost (or whatever it was) was seen, and the woodcarters became at last so afraid that when they are now going home with the empty drays, they all ride together. Had the story bBen related to us by one person only, few people would place any credence in it, but when half-a-dozen men emphatically relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have, however, arranged to ' pot' the ghost when next it appears. If nny foolish individual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. Margaret Botten, a young woman, died suddenly under suspicious circumstances at Wilmington on the 24th inst. The Times- special correspondent at Cabul reports that General Roberts had informa tion that the treasure of Yakoob Khan was with his father-in-law. It was found by digging in his hou«e. Besides a larpe num ber of Bokharinn gold tillahs, there were 12,000 Russian gold five-rouble pieces. The money was used for paying the British troops, the Russian gold being made cur rency by order of the general. As only a portion of the treasure is supposed to have been recovered, Russian subsidies to the Ameer must have been considerable, and can only have been given for purposes inimical to British interests. A correspon dence covering a long period from the Rus sian Governor-General of Turkestan to the Ameer has also come to light, and shows the set purpose of the Russian Government to make Afghanistan an ally and a basis of intrigue against British India, These dis coveries justify the action taken by the British Government to secure exclusive British influence in Afghanistan. To have temporised with an Ameer sold to Russia would have been to court danger to India. A depressed farmer writing in Mat/fair gives the following reasons for emigrating from England to New Zealand : — ' Much as I love my country, it will be a relief to me as a farmer to get free from the intolerable annoyances; hindrances, and injustice which are almost invariably incidental to farming in England. As a man, I ehall deeply feel the parting from old friends; but I look forward with a sense of joyous relief to the time when I shall really be my own master for the first time in mv life, free to farm to farm to the best of my judgment, and to secure the fruits of industry and enterprise, whether they be great or small. In Eng land I have f aimed the land of another man, under his direction, liable to losses from the ravages of his game, insulted by bis at tempted control as to the vote which I gave and the church which I attended, and, worst of all, subject to his legal right to confiscate the value of my improvements. la New Zealand I shall cultivate my own land, be at liberty to keep down wild ani mals at my pleasure, be as free to assert my political manhood and to follow my reli gious bent as any landlord in England, and the owner of an increment which, by the investment of capital and labor, I may add to the value of my farm. I shall often think of the friends I have left behind me, and look with interest to see if, as time goes on, they get relief from the abominable wrongs and hindrances which I, like them, have experienced.' .. . The question of payment of members has already presented, itself in an obtrusive manner to th* mind of several patriots who will sit behind Mr. Bent in the new Parlia ment. Foremost among these is Mr. John Keys, late rate collector to the Dandenong Shire Council. The young orator has no particular notion of straining his patriotic instincts too far. Though ' opposed, sir, to payment of members,' he has little idea of bearing all the pecuniary burden of the day, if he can find other people willing to bear it for him. The usual plan — see Murray Smith — has been adopted. A ' testimonial' will be raised. Mr. Alfred Rawlings, of Blackbnrn Creek, Nunawading — whoever he may be — is the ' bonnet' to the game. This enthusiastic fellow raises the sum of &7 Is 6d for Mr. Keys, and writes to the recognised organ the story of hia begging tour in order to stimulate others to the good work. — ' Atticus' in Leader. A sad accident, happened to a young man named Johann August Bahnicsh' on Satur day evening, 20th inst., about 5 p.m. near Truro, when returning home to Dutton Town in his waggon. He is supposed to have fallen amongst the horses, which were going at a trot, and the reins got round his arm, when he was dragged a distance of 150 yards and run over when picked up by Mr. A. Teasdale, who happened to be on the road. Life was gone, and his neck was broken. An inquest was held on Sunday afternoon by James Miller, Esq., J.P., at the Truro Police Station, when a verdict of ' Accidental death, and no blame attached to any person,' was returned. — Kapunda Herald. . An Italian physician claims to have made a valuable discovery. It is a method of tuning up nerves, just as the strings of a violin, guitar, or harp are tuned up, aid of bringing them into such harmony that the uervousiy-uisoraerea - person snail t-e in stantly and entirely Relieved. The nerves of the human body, in. the Italian's opinion, lose their tone precisely as a musical in strument loses tone. If they all run down alike, it is of email consequence, as they will still be in unison. But when some run down completely, some partially, and others not at all, harmony is wholly destroyed, and nervous disturbance and suffering is the necessary result. A great deal of ilUhealth and any namber of deaths are directly trace able to deranged nerves. The T. P. Advertiser's Port Victoria uur.respuuut:ai. writes : — i. near or some farmers leaving their farms, with all im provements, being unable to sell or exchange. Owing to the low average yield selectors are thoroughly disheartened. I have it on good authority that Wauraltie Hundred will average less than last year. Cutting machines, for tailoring purposes, are being greatly used in America. They will cut through folds of cloth 40 ply thick, and by their means 1,800, garments per day can be prepared for the sewing machines. The Newhaven Journal and Courier re cently had a curious transposition of two telegraphic items, which produced the fol lowing effect : — The first item read—' A large cast-iron wheel, revolving 900 times per minute, exploded in that city yesterday, after a long and painful illness. Deceased was a prominent thirty-second degree Mason.' This was followed bv the second item, which read — 'John Fadden, the well-known florist and real estate broker at Newport, R.I., died at Waidner & Rus sell's sugar- mill at Crystal Lake, 111., on Saturday, doing $3,000 damage to the building and injuring several workmen, and Lorenzo Wilcox fatally.' A novel society has been established in Holland. It has for its object the recovery of stolen horses, ard recompensing the per sons from whom they were stolen. One thousand three hundred horses have already been entered. The company are to have a number of detectives constantly employed in tracing these robberies, in ~ which the tele graph will be made available. The entrance fee is halfacrown , and the person who finds the thief is to be rewarded with £7 10s for his exertions. Time was when one of the peculiar functions of a Scotch Farmers' Club was to put down horse-stealing in the Lothians ! But times have changed ; this duty is now delegated to the police. It is therefore amusing to find our Dutch con temporaries combining in this year of grace to accomplish what the J)a!k«th Farmers' Gluh 150 years ftgo failed to achieve. Mr. Baillie, contractor, died suddenly on Tuesday night, March 23, at. Wilcannia, of cholera. The driver of a threshing machine, drawn by a team of bullocks, while proceeding along the Learmonth road, Ballarat, fell from the pole of the conveyance, and the wheels passing over his head killed nim instantly. His name was James Dainty. A boy named W. Williams fell from a horse in Kadina on Tuesday last, and frac tured the base of his skull. He is reported to be in a dangerous condition. Travellers in different parts of the colony report that in every direction graziers and agriculturists are jubilant over the good ef fected by the late rains. Water is every where abundant, and the face of the country is assuming a fresh and green ap pearance. Cattle already show an improve ment in condition, and good progress has been made with the ploughing in many localities. — Leader. ' We wish' says the Ballarat Courier ' to give a friendly word of advice to people in the habit of signing cheques, and that id that they take care that they do not, in signing their names at any time, use anodyne inks, as with that very useful in vention known as the chromograph any thing written with anodyne ink can be so perfectly copied as to defy detection. We have been shown several cheques, of which one had been made out by a person using this kind of ink, and the imitation, or rather reproduction of the cheque by the chromo graph, was so perfect that no one could tell which was the original cheque and which were the copies.' A writer in the British Medical Journal, in a communication to the editor on the possible cause of the recent outbreak of an epidemic of sore throat at Darmstadt, says : — ' It is well-known that women and children are in the habit of kissing pet cats and dogs, especially when these favorites are ill with discharge from the nose, cough, and sore throat, and even use their pocket handkerchiefs to wipe away the secretion. I have seen this done frequently. As such mistaken sympathy is exceedingly dangerous, I think a notice in the Journal to this effect would tend to its discouragement. It is a common saying that ' There ! the cat has got a cold; now it will go through the house,' and, as this remark has been re peatedly verified, it shows how careful people should be to avoid contact with such a mode of contagion. I do not affirm that this was the way in which the disease was contracted, either within or without the palace walls, but I feel sure the habit of kissing pets is a source of danger-that should be widely known and prevented.' In reply to query of ' W.,' I beg to say I have seen the following plan usetl with per fect success to banish mice from corn ricks : — A few sods of turf (I write from Ireland) are placed at intervals round the ricks, in serted a short distance under the eave, a hole having been previously bored in each sod, into which is inserted a small quantity of arsenic powder mixed with a little lard, and the hole then filled up with lard. I cannot say if this would be equally fatal to rats, should the holes be bored large enough, but I purpose trying it against both kinds of vermin this season.— H. S., Kilkea, in Agricultural Gazette. ? 