THE MOUNTAIN OF THE SPIRITS- (A SPANISH LEGEND.) There was a certain Count de Alcudiel, who had an only ton, Alonso, He had been betrothed from childhood to his beautiful cousin, Beatrice de Borges, who lived in France. When they arrived at a marriage- able age, and the time drew near to sii>n the 'contract, Beatrice de Borges came with her parents to make a visit to her uncle. Alonso was exceedingly in love with his couBin, but she, of rather a cold nature, treated him with quiet indifference, and was terribly bwred by all the superstitions and conventional etiquette abounding in her native land. Is so happened that after visiting the graves of their respective relations, they went to a hunt on "the mountain, and as nightfall came on the dogs were called in, the huntsmen grouped together, the hunt was cut short, and they returned home, to the great discontent of Beatrice, who loudly expressed her dissatisfaction. Alonso then told her the legend of the mountain which had just been related, but Beatrice only turned up her pretty snub nose still higher, and taid that she did not .believe such old wives' tales. In Spain it used to be the custom for rela tions to exchange trifling presents with each other on high days and fasts. After dinner, therefore, when the older people and duennas were telling ghost stories around the fire, Alonso, who was sitting apart from the rest with Beatrice, gave her a little aigrette which had always pinned the plumes in his cap. This je el had been a marriage gift to his mother from his father, and Beatrice had admired it only a few days before. Alonso begged as a " gage d'amour" in return a blue scarf which Beatrice had worn that day on her sleeve. Beatrice had not the heart to re fuse so trifling a request, but when she put her hand upon her shoulder to uutie her scarf, it was gone. ' I must have dropped it on the mountain this afternoon,' she said icily. ' On the Monte de las Animas ?' he replied, turning pale, and falling back into the scat from which he had risen eagerly, on the mountain of the spirits ?' After a few minutes he said iu a faltering voice : 4 1 am not a coward, Beatrice. You know and have heard me called the kirfg of hunters throughout Castile. I come of a brave and chivalrous race, and I have inherited at least their bravery. The skin under your feet was captured by my baud. I have fought with wolves, by day and by night, on foot and on horseback, alone and in company, and no one has ever been able to say that I show ed the white feather on any occasion. On any other night I would fly to find that ribbon, and I would go with the joy of a bridegroom to the altar— but to-night— this night (why should I conceal it ?) I am afraid. Listen to the bells that are tolling. The call to prayers has ended at San Juan del Duero, the spirits are now beginning to haunt the mountains— the spirits 1 The very sight < f them would be enough to freeze the blood of the bravest Wlbk horror, to turn his hair white or to eaten him up in the whirlwind of their caprices, like a rag which the wihd carries off no one kno s whither !' A disdainful smile passed over his cousin's beautiful cut hp. < Oh, don't on any ao" count, she said indifferently 4 what folly it would be to go how to the mountain, for such an absurd trifle as a ribbon 1 On such a dark night, too (the night of the dead), and the road dangerous with wolves !' ' The tone in which she said these words stung Alonso to the quick, and only saying, ' Good-bye, Beatrice,1 he left the room. She felt ashamed of her words as soon as she saw that he loved her well enough to brave all dangers for her sake, and called out, ' Alonso, Alonso 1' but it was too late. He was gone, and in a few minutes she heard the gallop of a horse dying away in the dis tance. . 1 he duennas and old people continued to tell ghost stories ; the wind shook the win dows. howled around the corners, and the bells tolled in the distance. One .hour, two hours, three hours passed : midnight sounded before Beatrice retired to her own room. Alonso haul not returned, and she began to feel anxious and restless about him ; for one hour was sufficient to go to the mountain and back. ' He did not wish to go,' she said to her self as she went to her oratory to pray for him. But after a time her thoughts began to wander, her eyes shut, and she nearly fell asleep over her prayers. Then, and not till then, did she close her missal and go to Viprl . She soon fell sound asleep. But she was restless, and had unpleasaut dreams, which kept waking her. Two o'clock sounded from the postern clock, and she heard the bells tolling dismally for the dead. Finally she opened her eyes, for she heard her name called softly at her pillow, by a plaintive and suffering voice. The wind howled around the windows. Putting her hand to her heart to quiet its throbbing, she sat up in bed to listen. All was still. Suddenly the doors of the oratory opened with a hideous creak. Beatrice gave a frightened scream. All was quite still. She heard all the doors in the house open and creak after their different fashions. Then all was still again. She heard confused voices, footsteps moving hither and thither, sighs and groans. She sat up listening for some time, -and there wavS silence again. 'Bah!' she exclaimed aloud, laying her beautiful head upon her pillow, 4 am I such a fool as to be frightened into believing in ghosts, like my countrymen ?' And shutting her eyes she tried to sleep. In vain. Again she started np in fright. This time there couid be no delusion. 1 he ' portieres' of her room rustled as though they had been raised, light footsteps fell upon the carpet, coming nearer and nearer until they stopped at the sofa close to the bed and had pushed it aside. -The wind blew against the window panes ; the fountain in the 'patio' below made a continuous and monotonous drip, Crip ; dogs barked in the distance, and the bells of the city tolled dismally for the souIb of the dead. ' The night seemed interminable to Beatrice. With the first streak of dawn she fell asleep, only waking to find it broad daylight. How - pleasant and cheery da> light appears to one who has passed the night in fright and sleeplessness. Beatrice pushed aside the bed curtains with a sigh of relief, and thought how foolish she had been to " be so frightened. - Alonso was probably safe and sound in his bed, and all that noise of open ing doors had been caused by him on his re turn. She was just getting out "of bed, when' suddenly she caught sight of anobjeet which made her cheeks turn ashy pale, her eyes start from their sockets, and a cold perspira tion to break out over- her body. There upon the couch , covered with blood and torn almost to strips , lay the blue scarf which she had lost on the mountain. The blue ribbon which, in spite of his fears, she had so relentlessly sent Alonso to find the night before. When her maid came in to tell her-of the death of her cousin (whose body, bad been found among the brambles on the mountain of the spirits, half devoured by wolves) she found Beatrice sitting with -both hands clasping the post of the bed, her mouth open, her eyes staring out of tjiieir sockets, her lips white, and her body rigid — dead--dead from fright and horror. Since this fearful tragedy took place, a belated hunter who passed the night of the dead on the mountain of the spirits testified before he died to strange and horrible things that he had seen ; among others, he saw the old Templars and nobles of Soria rise from their graves with a horrible noise, and for once combining in their pursuit, chase like a wild beast a beautiful woman, w» o, pale and dishevelled, with bare andhleeding feet, i and uttering piercing shrieks of fright and horror, ran round and round the tomb of Alonso, the young count de Alcudiel. — Cor. Springfield Republican. 