The'Gibst of Geir Castle^ ? /?> ),"?> i >" r ) --, !.'.\,' !..... . i . Br x. -Y.tZ. L' ¡ , ' ' (CONCLUDED.) . . . . j That Bamo evening," on retiring to rest, thought long and anxiously of ' the conversatio: i,, which' had taken place between Constanoe an s -' myself. I could not but wonder at-, the strang feelings which possessed her mind , in regard t my-pretty apartment. I went to the window, an glanced over tho fair prospect. Always beautiful it looked far moro so in the moonlight, and I soi .rowed at the recollection that it was at night tha " Constance shuddered to look upon it. 'I coull nob. help feeling oppressed and sad dened, as I recalled tho events of tho ovon ing. > lb was to me almost past beliel that '.any one in their right mind could en ?torfcain such an unfounded terror, ns that of whicl ... ; Constance was possessed. But was it unfounded ' Was there any more serious ground for in; -friend's sudden tears, and extreme depression : Sho had assured mo there was none. The ide; had, however, presented itself to my mind, and '. .oould not banish it. Perhaps there was a stor; connected with the Castle which sherdid not dari ,, to impart, even to me. 'After all there might bi ' some hidden clue to this mystery. I felt, nr heart beat with quiokened jñilsation, as j I won dered if it were to' my own room that thi secret, belonged. A shuddering, shadojvy'.íeá: begi-n . to creep through my,'generally cain nerves. , Some fearful tale might have been tole to Constance, which her reason refused to credit but ."which, as night carno on, might yettroubh ,.heri imaginative mind. She was naturally, sus ceptible and nervous, and the . unspoken hórfoi *? might have become the ono haunting dread of he: life. But if this were so, how could she 'thus al . low me to remain in ignorance, of the truth, anc that, too, after she had ontreatod me to aid her ii hor endeavours to combat her fears. I bogan tc think.it unkind that I should have been placed ir a room which she, herself, disliked to' occupj when there were so many spare bedrooms in th; í¿-¡ í.-eastle. . I .|VU .Then came tho remembrance of all Constance's ?b .1 gemerous, loving thoughtfulness for md, and 3 < \- blushed to have harboured the slightest doubtïas to her candour or her kindness. I tried to''. think of other things, but could not.' Do whet I wquldj I could not banish the nervousness wMch^I' fèlï coming upon me. At nights-still, solemm'nigh'i -our feelings aro so different to what they are ' ' with the sunshine and daylight around! us. lin 5 tíio bright moraine-, wo laugh at the feverish fan .cieswhioh appeared so real, so fearful, but a few hours back. Then darkness enveloped us with ,ita black, mysterious pall, and the silence of slum bering nature seemed to invito us to communion with the unseen world of spirits. On sleepless ''nights, who has not felt more inclined to think of tfce unearthly, thc immortal, than he has ever dono in the day. Prom a child, 1 had ever felt a oort of sublime awe of the night, but never till now had this vague fear of solitude crept over me. .. I eloaed the window upon the dark rocky decii vifcy which led down to the picturesque valley be low, for I felt Constance's own melancholy inia : ginings and superstitious awe of the place steal I -lng- upon nae. After hurriodly throwing off my ? i: - clothes and offering my customary nightly prayer for myself and those I loved, I sought to calm the 1 Nervous trembling which, had'come over me. I i.-'.-i«l0Bed my eyes and triod tp. sleep, but my efforts worein vain. Tho curious, thronging fancies, to me so strange and unusual, agitated me so much, ..r.that to^rest seemed impossible. The beautiful ?a efface of Constance, in tears, and clouded over with L?" -Badness,and distress,, haunted me. The arcu ' menta Thad used to reassure her I now tried with myself, but in spite of all my reasoning the grow «lrig:jterrdr became stronger, arid I earnestly .....,: wished that I had agreed to her proposal of leay ing this chamber for another. T could do nothing that night, of course j but, to-morrow, I would .ls speak to . Constance and own my weakness and change of purpose. Most young girls would have 'gladly quittéd an apartment which had inspired, " 'another with fear, even though, that fear; were 'jin-. ...! i founded. But 11 had been too secure in my own . fearlessness and strength of nerves, and;now,I; must pay tho i>enalty by the agony- (for it was . "|.nagony) of a long slcejuesá night. Minute after 11.1 .minute went by, bat to my excited fancy those -moments seemed well nigh as long as hours. It :.*." 'was with an intense, half prayerful longing that I though'; of the morning. The timepiece in niy " " ' room had just struck tho quarter after 1, when i. ? suddenly my heart bounded with a now and awfiil fear. I distinctly heard, in the death-like stillness bf ' all ? around, .a stealthy footstep at thc farther -.. .j .end of the apartment. ( It advanced towards the bed side. Then I remembered that my door was : i'. unfastened. I had locked it on the first night of , r my Btay in the castle, but Constance had per Buadod me not to do it again. She had said, that ,i J';'when a person slept alone, it was an unwise cus ., tom to fasten a bedroom door from within. " Suppose you ware to be taken ill in the night, inf' or afire were to break out," she had urged. ? ,??-.?Tho maid, Minna, slept in tho adjoining room, ([;. .and Constance in the one beyond. Then flashed upon' mov in that dread moment, tho rerrlembrancc , ,of Constance's, words on the first evening of my .""arrival. j no uiti '.'.There is a bell at the head of your.bed, dear,, , I lust within reach, of your hand, and. Minnaj who is a light sleepor, would bo with_ you at1 once, did ../:.. lyoUibutionly touch it." . . ¡ a «. ; ? . . ,1 stretched out my hand involuntarily, then as ' quickly and noiselessly drew it back.J II dreaded -toi draw attention to myself by,.the! slightest :?, movement or sound. That slowly advancing ' * 'figuro might bo, now, unconscious of my., obserya- . ?%if»ition>.andin my agony'of fear I could .notj-bpaivit; to know I was watching1 it.: Should my.^wel come visitor attempt to lay hands on uko,"then I i' ¡.Would in desperation try to save myself,'..'and' it' ..was with thankfulness I reflected that tho slightest movement of tho boll- rope would speedily;Tiring' ."'.:'. mo aid. I felt, however, at the presenjbV.time^oU' i most petrified with terror, and I laid as' mobión-'.' less as oné dead as I watched the figure. Once T closed my eyes and felt inclined to faint, but with 4:r-pw.(p<».s)f ,T /" .vc . .r . .-,. af ppwerfùï effprt . I,'-shook* off the. helplessness . .ajeaded: ".Every nerve in rey body seemed straine< 'in> that ¡terrible time of suspense and horror. Ai though; drawn by some resistless spell and fascina tion, my gaze was fixed on the spot from whenci the sound of the softly-moving footsteps pro ceeded. I have since wondered how I could hav< lived through that. moment of over-powering mental agony-have thanked God that my senses were preserved. I did not scream, but deathlj cold I grew, while drops of perspiration' stood or my forehead. "Without noise or sign I watched the movements of tho apparition, as in a trance It was a tall figuro robed in white that I saw ad vancing nearer and nearer towards tho bed where I lay. Then it wa3 I felt that it was not with flesh and blood I had to deal, but that a spiritual inhabitant of another world was before me. Slowlj it' moved forwards, till, as it drew close to the side of my bed, it suddenly turned towards the ahanibei window. As it paused motionless before the case ment I saw tho snow-white garments fall around the quiet figure like tho drapery of a statue. I did not wait for it to move again. With, one great effort Tren ched the bell-rope, andas it rung forth clearly upoii tho stillness of the night the spoil was broken, which had bound mo, and one long loud piercing scream for' help , burst-, from my lips. Then a merciful oblivion came upon my senses, and I romembpr'no more, v , i ; I >. When I came back once more/to consciousness of what was going on around me I found myself.'in Constancers- chamber.'- '! Minna and"Rose,-, with some other of the. women*servantsí;óf'the castle, were anxiously" watching beside .me.. My^flrst thbught";was of my'J frientl',4 ôkà^Sâ^^mj^jtiB interrogatively;upon Minna, I "faintly'murmured ího;Tname: of ÎÇbnstance.^ ^MisB;-Pvayniond^'^óh;! she wïlï'be ' all rigtit' I^^^^M^fhA itínly yoü just try and compose yourself. ¿*.The doctor-:will be ;here. presently.i.toisee -yon íbdth;"í í "¡r'aised myself upon my.felbow.' ?'?ai nw wi a a: p\&Mt-;\ lj¡¡¡¡¿X»s . "Much better now.," I said, "but, Miss.-Ray mond, is she then ül:?" .'; -:;' j ."!v <?'"!' " A little, upset; .Miss, Jx^^pj^^^^U^iMf but please 'd'ón'tVásk'. any/suoí i just now, Miss¡Mprg^',Jj;wasM answér.;V:-V'K.;'io-!í Ü /^XIÜM'H^Liïï^MÎ^'.iïï-i I,'glanced; eagerly róundathe. chamberí I';wàs laid:upon Constance's ownubed; butïBhè.herself .was'notpresentí^í^'íif '.onh>ir-'?S àz-uoti'Y j . ^.'f-Do'-tell7me:t-the íruthi',J Bysaid ' impatiently, once more addressing myself .to Minna., " Where is' Miss'Raymond ? .'andean came to me, did'.yp,ursee?''^'^T paused, shuddëringly, for .forcibly now'did .the startling recollection of tho events of that terrible night come before me. .. "Ah!: now; don't, pray don't, Miss Morgan," said Minna, and her own pretty face blanched with terrer, as'she glanced meaningly towards Rose. "Don't think any more of what frightened you so in that awful room. I was a minute or two too late. Miss Raymond she had got there before me. She had beard the bell, and the cry you gave beforè you/fainted, Miss, and she were so frightened, poor dear young lady,,ai seeing you in such a state, that she.were well nigh as bad her self. . Her papa is_with.her^now,:and Bhé will be better when-she hears of your coming jto, Miss Morgan." .'Adt'xiWd ,. '".-.'. .' j iwu i,r_ r. " Go, and' téll'heríafc once, Minna, that'T. am, better-ani.w^oU,'"^I said,^ tremulously. cf 'AK.l, go, at'on^ôvTj^jJW'^^'^wâ'o^her illness^-of-H-r 0*T¿-<>: ' bifav utt-til f...^,-zr.< î.v.«»U.S,:i« ¡ ; 'i;';'-- "}? .. My own pyer.wrqught nerves ¡again gaye, way, and I sobb^dvhystérioaíly. .;;;: .,i, ¡u í1 '" . . "There,'there,'.'-said; one of the.older women servants, hastily approaching the bed side, " that coinés of ber talking. : She's going'off now in tho same way as~ our "young lady. Dear, dear, what could havé been tho causo of it all ? what could the poor young lady have seen to so terrify her." Tho doctor came, ana prescribed extreme quiet. With no allusion to tho'shock I had experienced, ho himself gently questioned me as to the cause of my fear. Ho listened smilingly, as I, in broken, incoherent phrases, narrated what I had heard and seen. He shook his head when I assured him it was no delusion, but a painful reality and truth, that -. the startling apparition of ¿ whitei-robed woman haa) suddenly appeared in tho apartment I slept'iinl; ll' " " " '" v - 'j 0,iT!.*'.'«.. "My clear young,lady," he said, in answer to :my,eager protestations ; pf the,truth of my/story, " I have not the slightest doubt as : to tho cause' of your-faratirig last night. You saw the-terrible phantom you describe, but believe me,¡it''was a delusion-of your eyesight. Yoii-naturally suppose that you have liad a spectral visitant frorii another world, when in reality you ore out of health. I will send you some medicine,- and I tyvist your mind will recover its tone as your bodily: strength increases. Then you may.depend upon having np more such disagreeable nocturnal visitors, eithèr at Goir Castle, or anywhere ebie." ' I wept with a feeling-of angry annoyance at his words; ? " I am in perfect health/' I said. ; " I bave ( never believed in such things. Never in my life have I had any such de7usions br silly fancieB'.; I am certain that I really saw-"' .' . . ' s.-. . . "Hush," ho saidy soothingly, with his!fingers on my pulse, '.' you are doing yourself harm.1 '; We will speak- more at length another time. V ' Of course: tho' ball was again put off. Minna was my constant and devoted attendant. . Por several days I did not'see -Constance; the doctor had forbidden all intercourse between her and me. Ho.thougbt we should agitate each other by talk ing' too much. Everything was done likely to divert my thoughts, and I was seldom left alone, but I was always pondering over that mysterious chamber, haunted by its fearful visitor. My nerves were greatly unhinged, and I felt I had no power.to banish -these injurious thoughts. I meditated-sorrowfully of the liielong shock this , visit to Geir Castle would be to mo. Never again coubal rejoice.in my former happy disbelief in all supernatural ,agencies or visitations. Liwns griovod, moreover, ..-deeply grieved, . to- .think that')! 'bad'been: the cause - of; Constance's illness. " T longed anxiously, with'í à feverish lbnging,"; .to."söe-"' and speak ''with? i her once 'moré':l.v.Perhaps,'shë' would bf her.'own accord at' once, inf orin - me . of 'her. knowledge' of tKé bqcur rences of that fearful .night. . She haa* ¿been, the first to enter that' chamber, in answer to'my wild . - , '>'"'.-.???'. s^®*^ ! cry for succour. If she had seen wlmt ï'had seen I then indeed I shuddered to think of tho conse quences. I remembered how sensitive and nerv ous Constance had been from a child, and hon difficult it was to aubduo her fears when once excited. Thus brooding over the ead change ir my feelings, and recalling with pain the delighl with whiuh I had anticipated this visit to Gen Castle, I determined to return homo as soon as mj strength permitted. I wrote a few lines to Mr Raymond, telling him. of my resolve, and gav« Minna the note to deliver., He answered it Irv visiting mo in my room. He greoted mo wi tl more than his usual cordiality and kindness, and when I tearfully expressed my regret for what had passed, and Constance's illness, he said ; "My dear Miss Morgan, I cannot tell you how sorry Í am about this jjainful business. The shock you and my daughter have sustained id a matter of tho deepest regret to me. Whether your terror was caused by a real or imaginary object, it is my duty to investigate, and I will spare no expense or trouble to discover tho truth. The doctor sup poses you to havo been the victim of an optical delusion, but 1 do not agree with him. Iti is right I should tell you that you are not. the first ¡who has been alarmed in that chamber. . In' tho former case, the person disturbed was ot an excitable temperament, troubled frequently -by ! nightmare, had dreams, and so forth, andi did'certainly think tho phantom he saw to be a création of his own brain.'; With you, however/ it is1 very different. You are not fanciful, and I, firmly belièvo that someone came into your room last Monday night. I have mentioned to none but yourself this former ?talc,!, told me by a friend a weok or two back. J While slaying at the Castle last month, he oc cupied that room by his own choice, and made np complaint at first ; on the contrary, he said it wis the prettiest, most pleasant apartment! he had evor slopt in. When a child, indeed; till quito lately,; Constance was very fond of it, hot .only sleeping, there, but reading br. working by the window which overlooks thé rocks. ; Shè lias given ?itup.for some, time, however ¿ and now prefers any jothor room in'the Castle. She never gave any reason for her sudden dislike. r,.> Mrv P/erry ' was wise enough to refrain from making the story of his abirrn publio, ' and mentioned the. circumstance to me:."ini-:private. , I immediately questioned Con stance herself; carefully avoiding all allusion to 'whatJThad ' just heard. I asked her what reason she haçUfor vacating aa apartment, which she had once / been so fond of. : In answer, she said re peatedly th af there was really no foundation what ever for the fancy, but, that she preferred the other chamber she had chosen. My mind was th^n at rest. I felt more than ever convinced that my friend hod been labouring under a temporary de lusion. Of course, had I entertained the slightest doubt about the matter, I shoidd not have allowed you to be plaoed there. To-day I have resolved to acquaint Mr. .Bryan with all I know of this mys terious affair. He and I will, I daresay, be able to devise some plan for discovering tho truth." ? An angry frown knitted his brows, as he added, " There must be trickery, or some stratagem at the bottom of it all, and if I catch the perpetrar tors, they will meet with no mercy at my hands." , I laid my hand impressively upon his arm. , "Dear Mr. Raymond." I said, "do not be angry with me, when I say that I am equally con vinced that-thal;-what I saw was no human form. Hitherto I havo boen happy in the belief, that such visitations weronot allowed by God, but now (sadly and regretfully, I say it) I believe that chamber to be haunted. by some unhappy spirit." He interrupted nie. half : smilingly, "Poor child!" he said, "and so you were until lately, happy in the belief that no ghosts were permitted to dis turb ©ur repose. Then bo happy still. . AU èhall yet bo discovered, but you must stay with us till the truth is brought to light. As' one whom my dear, Constance so highly esteems and loves; Ifcanr, riot thus allow you to depart to your homo - with nerves so unstrung, and so fearful a boíióf- as that' you have just expressed, and I should ;be !sorry for our oldcastle of Geir to be remembered by you, as tho haunt of spectres and hobgobliris.'j", I came,now. to entreat you not', to .fulfil -yow^fttenfóon'^so' sudden a departure." V.,' "¡','¡"..,'}.^'].'í'¡ ! I yielded, at length, .to,¡(ln8;r¿a!TO!Bbfc:: solici tations, and promised to .romain'/some' timo longer at the castle; I, felt reluctántj to leave Constance, till she had, in a measure, .recovered her former health and spirits. T pass over my meet ing with my friend. Wo were both muoh depressed, but, as if by mutual consent, wo neither of us alluded to tho subjeot which so entirely, engrossed the thoughts of each. I believe we both shrunk from the first allusion to that,, :. rwhich must provo so agitating á¡ topic. I have since thought it probable that Constance had some deeper motive, some sadder presenti ment, which prevented her mentioning the haunted chamber. Be this as it may, we had for some days resumed our former intercouse, and yet, strange to Bay, no mention had been made of the cause of my illness on that terrible night. Meanwhile Mr. Raymond had instituted a nightly watch in tho haunted chamber, and each morning ho secrotly informed me of the result. Day after day he told me that nothing had occurred as yet to alarra or disturb them. He was not discouraged, however, as he knew I had been unmolested for many nights. It was evident that the mysterious apparition was not to be seen every night. Both Mr. Raymond and' Eric Brynn were resolved to continue their watch until tho spectral visitant again appeared, when they hoped to bo able to discover its true nature. Ihree moro days and nights passed by, and ?nothing had boen seen by the patient watchers. Constance's mélancholy increased, and her face grow.thin and pale.: Por myself,,ih the'altered, features;' which I daily saw reflected- in ¿ry mirror, I could . scarcely-rçcogniso tho ruddy,; healthful opuntenançe I had brought with rue to Geir Castle. ,,-W e; spent, apportion; of .each day in ; rambling 'over the beautiful .country, generally accompanied by Erics Bryan. I .Baw with pleasure tho lovo and devotion evinced by the peasantry for my beloved friend/ ' Her sweet voice and smile was welcomed wherever we wont. Frequently she and I would ,'vÍBÍt the sickand'old, followed by Minna carrying food or clothes, and as I listened to the words of. adyicé fand consolation"; wbioh fell: from the lips of I Constance, I felt she was more akin to Heaven than earth. To witness her gentle, womanly attempts to soothe the .querulous, and to cheor the de sponding always made mo think of the words, " True'religion and undefiled before God the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." Mr. Raymond and Erie Bryan did all in theil- power to cheer us and give us change. They rode and walked with us, and tho former proposed that a few friends should be in vited to stay a while at the castle. Constance negatived tho plan at once, saying, they would only worry her, and that aa I had oonsented to re main longer sho wisliod for nothing moro. We both tried to laugh and talk as formerly, but the attempt was unsuccessful j the gloomy shadow which had been cast upon us still lingered. In the caso of Constance, I was sure she would never re cover her spirits until she quitted the old castle. When she went to a new home, and was guarded and shielded by a devoted husband, then, surely, she would be happy again. I ventured to soothe her with that thought. One afternoon wo had been rambling for some time in a plantation near the castle, and as we emerged from the trees, the grand looking old building Btood direotly opposite tous. ; "In-' a »few months we shall have both left thia place, dear* Constance," I said, as I saw a sad expression settle on her face as she looked at the castle, "you for your now home with your beloved Eric, I to my dear parents and! brothers. I suppose Mr. Raymond : will live here for only a few months in the year, or perhaps ho will let or dinpose of the pliioe, androside near you. I ara sure he will not be able to be long away from you." , p 'J Papivwonld never like to sell Geir Castle, Gracie/' she' answered,' sorrowfully. "Dour mamma loved the place very, very much. Ho will, I know, bo a great part of the year in tho near (.neighbourhood of : Eric and myself, but ho would. always like to , think of Geir Castle as his home." ; ' . I said'no more, but I know she, at least, would leave the old "place shortly, and I inwardly ro joicod at the thought. I now slepfc-in the chamber formerly occupied by tho maid Minna. It had been fitted up very nicely for my reception, and looked a very pretty apartment. I was too nervous to sleep ¿lone, so Minna occupied a little bed in a far corner. Constance was my next neighbour, and as there were folding-doors between the ' two rooms they were thrown open at night. The apartment be yond Constance's, on the other Bide, belonged to Rose, so that we neither of us .felt lonely, as wo each had our maid within call, and. could chat with each other at any time. It is to be supposed that we might, under these circumstances, have slept peacefully. It was not so, however. My own slumber was restless and broken, and I much feared Constance's was the same. I hardly ever laid awake without hearing her moaning and. talking incoherently in her sleep..- Hour after hour I laid motionless, but listening intently for every sound. I knew that in that other chamber the indefatigable watchers were keeping vigil, and each night I hoped, yet dreaded, to hear that the phantom hod appeared to them. Sometimes her soft and regular breath ing would tell me that Constance was enjoying perfeot rest and repose, and then I too would close my weary eyelids and sleep until morning. It was only my love for my friend that kept me at Geir Castle, for gladly would I have returned td my own peaceful, quiet home. I knew my father would say that had I possessed the courage to get out of bed and approach the spectre, I should have' found it to be no ghost. I envied Minna, her, peaceful sleep. Happy Minna ! She knew no nervous fears. I had dreaded the panic spreading, among the servants, so had explained my'fainting and sudden call for aid by saying that T had felt very ill and needed assistance. Mr... Raymond had gratefully thanked me for my caution. None buta few of the old, trusty, tried men-servants had been let into the secret of tho disturbance. They now, in turn with Mr. Ray mond and Eric Bryan, watched nightly in tho haunted chamber. On tho night after my long ramble in the plantation I was more than usually wakeful. Some presentiment of a new impending ovil, of farther horrors, oppressed me, and I could not sleep. I lay now with my eyes determinately closed ; for, remembering the sight upon which they had opened on that other night, I had over since avoided looking about me. Suddenly my intently-listening ear caught an unusual move ment- in my former bed-room. The deathliko stillness was broken-some hasty footsteps moved forwards-then (oh! my God) that unearthly ringing wail, that prolonged shriek of human agony, shall- I ever forget it? The terrified Minna, roused from her sleep, jumped from her bed, and running to me grasped my arm. . "Did you hear it, Miss Morgan? Oh, what was it-what is the matter?" questioned tho trembling girl. ' For a moment my lips refused to utter a sound. We kept a lamp burning all night in both rooms, and by that light we could seo each others' faces, white with the ashen hue of terror. . " It was there !" I said gaspingly, pointing towards the other room, "it was there-but the . scream-ah ! that was a woman's voice." lt then struck me as strange that Constance had not spoken. That fearful cry was enough to awaken anyone. Surely she must have heard it. I called her by nome, once, twice, but there iras no answer. : " She must have fainted/' I said, and Minna and I both started to our feet. We rushed hy a mutual impulso into the adjoining chamber. There we encountered Rose, who, with a shawl hastily thrown about her, was just entering; Constance's room. One glance towards the bed showed us it was unoccupied. The room, too, ivas vacant; Constance was no longer there. No word fell from tho lips of any one of ns. An icy hand seemed laid upon my heart. My former fears were gone, but in its place had como another, more terrible still. With trembling haste I toro from tho adjoining wardrobe the cbessing-gowu I usually wore, envelopod myself in ils foldBjirarid turned towards the door; There was now au. indistinct murmivring of voices in tho adjoining room, a sound as of severa^ people talking together. Heavy footsteps hurried to and fro, but that appalling cry was not heard again. ; "I am,going," I said, gently putting aside the trembling Minna, who had placed herself before the door, as though to bar my exit, " I am going \- to soe what has happened." "Oh! pray-pray-" she began, but I waited ' not to hear her entreaties. In another instant I was in the corridor. I laid my hand upon the door-handle of the mysterious chamber, and felt some one try to pull nie back; but shaking off-the restraining grasp, I rushed into the apartment. I found myself face to face with two of the older men-oervants, who with horrified countenances were hurrying forth. My first idea was that some sudden and terrible delirium had seized upon Eric Bryan. He was struggling violently with the butler, who was endeavouring to prevent him from throwing him self from the. open window. "Let jiue go!" he. said, hoarsely ; "I tell you you are losing precious time. She will'be dead before they can reach her." Mr. Raymond was there, but he looked as though he wore turned to stone. He was gazing with dilated eyes upon the rocky chasm below. I had asked no questions of the servants I had met. I felt drawn by an . irresistible impulso towards the window. I approached Eric, and laid my hand upon his arm. My touch Beemed to calm him, for ho ceased his wild struggles, and turned towards mo.... I, shall nevor forget the countenance of the unhappy young man. Pale as death, tho brow and mouth wera contracted as though in agony, jwhile the expression in the eyes, once beaming with happy lovo, waa that of hopeless despair.' He seized my hand, almost fieroely, and drew nie nearer tho open window. " Look there !" he saidi and pointed downwards into the depbliB below. I gazed with a fearful Bhuddor, with a terriblo dread of what I should seo there. A foro-knowledgo .pf what was to como, of what was lying there, seemed to be upon mo. Half-way down, upon an upper ledge of that sloping, declivity, thero lay a white heap. It was motionless, and I wondered not at tho despair of Eric Bryan, as I thought of tho forco with which that poor human form must have been dashed upon tho rock. I wrung my hands, and moaned forth the name of Constance "Yes, it is Constance, my Constance," ho said. " Ah ! would that I had saved her, or died with her." "Oh! why do they not make more hosto to reach hor ?" I sobbed. " Sho will dio if she is not succoured." . " The body will soon be brought to us, Grace," said a sorrowful voico noar me, " but our bright darling, our beautiful Constance, has gone to join the angels which sho was so much like." I looked in his face for a moment, as though I understood him not, and then sank senseless at his foot. '. * ft * <9 "With life all but fled, though not quite extinct, the maimed, bruised body of Constanco Raymond was brought to tho castle. Modical aid was quickly summoned, and'all that skill and affection . could do waB done. All was, however, vain ; and we soon know that it was impossible for our dear one to recover. In a low short hours the young heiress of Geir would have passed away from her ancestral homo to that other ono, " not made with hands, eternal in the heavens." Asl sat weeping in my chamber, self-reproach mingled with my sorrow. Brought up as I had boen, and taught from '.childhood to disbelieve all superstitious tales, ¡how could I have been so weak as to fail in courage as I had done ? If, instead of closing my eyes and fainting with terror, I had boldly con . fronted the white-robed figure, how much roisory might have been averted. Now I understood the cause; of poor Constance's mysterious . dislike to : her jbnee favourite chamber. I knew now that I had been listening to tho sad presentiment, the dreamy broodings of a somnambulist, instead of thëifancies of a young girl, as I had supposed. As I recalled the late conversations betwoon Con stance and myself, how ardently I wished that I had yielded to my first impulse of tolling Mr. Raymond. All my regrets were useless now, how ever,1 and tho precious life some would have died to save, was slowly obbing away. For several years tho unhappy girl had been accustomed, all unknowingly, to walk afc night, across the narrow, Bloping edge leading from her chamber to the rocky depths below. Thus, walking in her sleep, had she appeared phantom-liko before me in tho stillness of night. Thus had she with porno sad inward foreboding of her terriblo danger shrank from that room, that win dow, after nightfall. Poor darling Constanco! had she, or any one suspected her sad affliction, how would she have been guarded, how watched ovei1. And now the mournful story of my visit to G eir Castle is ey.ded. MelancholySindeed yrns, its ending, for she, so young, so lovely, and beloved died on the morning after her accident. She was too good for us,, for this world. Sho moved among us as an angel, and could hardly have stayed on earth. She, contrary to ali expectations, regained her consciousness at / . . 'tho last, and spoke a few tender words to each. '.. .'.'.. ".God. will comfort you,"- she said, as her eyes -rested lovingly upon Eric He bent to kiss her, and as-ho did so, her pure t spirit fled. -"> . ' THU END. ...linvjii vv:- ' ?_11 " : ? I : ? ,,... 