CRICKET KOTES. PBt White Knsu Thursdav. February 12. I am delighted to think that the merit of South Australian cricket has at length been recognised, and that Jarvis is now tolerably certain to go home with the Australian combined Bleven. The team will now be more worthy the name of a combined team, though only three colonies will be directly represented. However, this ia just the same as was the case last time, only that a South Aus tralian will take the place of a Tasmanian. The almost universal feeling in this colony \a that Jarvis is the right man in the right place, aud that he will do credit to the colony as well as to himself. There are two other men who run him close for premier position, namely, Noel and Giffen ; but if club prejudices are put on one side, most candid persons will admit that at the present moment Jarvis is the beat batsman in the colony. He is the highest aggregate and the highest average scorer iu South Australia this season, and I question whether his ' record' is surpassed by many of the other members of the Eleven. In Ass«ciation (fust-class) matches he ha 8 scored 472 runs this season, or an average of 47 per innings. In special matches he has the extraordinary average of 87 run?, and in cap matches of 30 runs per innings. Apropos of the Australians' visit to England, I may add that a team of American cricketers is being organized to do battle against Ecglish players in the old country. The Australian Eleven had an uncommon ex perience at Newcastle, where the whole of them were disposed of in the sacond innings for 31 runs. Still, they managed to defeat the Northern Twenty-two, whose aggregate score in the two innings was only 100. It must have been quite a treat to see Spofforth and Palmer bowl those 21 wickots for less than two runs each. The rauo, of course, had a great deal to do with the distinctiveness of the bowling on both sides. The Eleven only scored 90 and 31, and the Twenty-two 62 and 38. For the cracks Blackham was top scorer, with 22 to his credit. Last Saturday's match on tbe Oval was more amusing than instructive, as the newspaper critics say when they want to show that an audience laughed at instead of tr-7/i a lecturer. There was a good deal of play, but not much cricket, or rather the cricket was all on the one side and the play was on the other. Perhaps the fun was equally divided, but the spectators shared iu a little. The match, considered as such, was a failnre. As an outicg for the countrymen it was perhaps a success, and they certainly will now be able to say what many better cricketers cannct say, namely, that they once played on the Adelaide Oval. The match was not one of which much of a review need be given. The innings of the Southern Eighteen was a sorry spectacle, not one man getting into double figures, and tbe whole team being put out for 42 runs. But low scoring is by no means a rarity on tbe Adelaide Oval, and might have been passed over with little comment. The thing, however, for whn h the Southern representatives will be remembered is for the quantity of their bowling. Fourteen out of the eighteen men tried their hands with the bill — a number such as has never before been equalled in the history of cricket in this colony. But the almost infinit* variety and the exceeding liberal quantity did not make up for tbe de ficient quality, and Jarvis and the other bats men treated eack new bowler much as Macbeth treated the last few ghosts when he had become used to their forerunners. They laughed at each new variety, and iu effect, if not in words, they welcomed the new arrival*. Though the Association men scored very freely, their batting, as a whole, was not first-class. Nearly every man had an extra life given him. The innings played by Eichards was perhaps the best of the day, though he only scored 41, while the crack (Jsryis) reached 60, and carried out hi.? bat. Pettinger made some sweet leg-hits, and showed tbat his pretty style has not departed, but is comirg to the front again. Hide did well with bat and ball— 20 rurs, and 7 wickets for 18 runs ; but the lion's share of the wickets fell to Giffen, who may yet make it hot for some of the clubs in the remaining cup matches. He got 9 wickets for 24 runs; but theu country wickets are rarely thought as much of as those of town players. The fielding of the visitors was not up to the Australian Eleven standard. I hope their visit to Adelaide has done them good ; but I would have preferred to see a stronger team. We have too many one- sided games on tbe Ova). The cricket iu Melbourne on Saturday last was not particularly exciting. Ou the M.O.C. ground the match between Melbourne and South Melbourne was continued, and the Souths, scored 183 against 227 made by their opponents the previous week. When stumps were drawn the M.C.O. lad two wickets down for 33. For South Melbourne Msjor played a fiue innings for 44 before t*iug run out, W. H. Cooper made 25, and Treadaway 29. A one day's match was played between the E.M.O. and Carltou on the ground of the former. Carl ton scored 227 Jones making 61 and Scown 51 not out. The E M.C. bad only time to make 32 for the loss of 3 wickets before stumps were drawn. In Sydney on Saturday, week the University team met Carlton on the Association Ground. Carl ton scored 174, of which Nnnn made 77 aud Geary 28 ; and the 'Varsity men bad 2 wickets down for 15 when play ceased for the day. Garrett is playing with the University team and got 3 wicketi for 50, aud 3 rues not out. Centuries are now becoming quite common. They have bad bIx of them in Tasmania lately, tbe heroes being Or. H. Bailey (of tbe first Australian Eleven), who scored 183 against the Peep o' Day ; E. H. Butler, who made 119 against Derweut in the same match, but was miraed several times ; J. M. Martin, the pick of northern Tasmanian baismen, while playing against the Victorian Bohemians who paid the tight little inland a visit the oth^r day C. Butler (162), and Boddam (115). while playing against the sinie team at Hobnrt Town ; and Tobin, 189 rsot out for the Bohemians. The scorir.g on both sides was extraordinarily high, the Tasruaiiian innings closing for 478, and the Bohemiaiis scoring o50, for a loss of only five wickets. It very rarely happens that three cen turies are made in one match, but then it does not always happen that the wickets arc aa good as those at Hobart Town. The match wa3 drawn, or a gigantic total might have beeu made in the match. Martiu (not the W. Martin who was in Adelaide three seasons Bgo) scored 28 and 106, but the Bohemians had the best of it nevertheless by ten wicket*. The Launceston team scored 104 and 260 ; the Bohemians 294 and 7 1 without the less of a wicket. There was gome big individual scoiicg on both sides, and especially by well known Melbourne players. E. W. Wallington pot 86 and 31 not out, A. F. Robinson 54 and 34 not out, and Austin Lougbnan 43. 