SUPERSTITIONS ABOUT DOGS. ACCORDING to the Aryan religion, Yama was the first lightning-bora mortal who dis covered the v/ay to the other world, where he has reigned over since, and for the Bake o 1 men i sends the wind, under the form of a dog, to oondaot their Bonis in death across the heavenly waters and over the Milky Way to his home-the bright realm oi bliss. Henoe, whenever this messenger of death was heard, either howling outside the Bick man's house or speeding elong through the air with rapid paoe, the inmates trembled for they knew that at any moment the soul o! their friend or relative might be required of him. Thus, even at the present day, the howling of a dog wider the window is supposed to foretell diath-a superstition deeply rooted every where in this es ia most other countries. In Germany, a dog howling before a house portends a daath or a fire. If it howls along the highway, this iB considered in Westphalia as n oertain token that a funeral will soon pass by that way. The same notion, too, exists in Denmark. An intelligent Londoner told Mr. Kelly that he had often listened to the howling of the dog, and verified the ful filment of this infallible omon, The dog's mode of proceeding on such oooasions iB generally this:-Tbo animal tries to get uader the doomed person's window; but if the house stands within an enclosure, and it oannot find its way in, it will run round the premises or paoe up and down before them. If it at last suoceeds in making an entry, it will stop under the window, howl horribly, finish with three tremendous barks, and then hurry away. This performance is ascribed by some to the dog's been sense of the odour of approaching mortal dissolution: whereau, others affirm that this animal can see the spirits which hover around the house of sickness ready at the moment of death to bear away the soul of the departed one. Thus, in the "Odyssey," the dogs of Eumteus are represented as terrified at the sight of llinerva, although she was then invisible to Telemachus. In both German and Aryan mythology tho dog is said to see ghosts; and ?whenever Hela, the Goddess of Death, walks abroad invisible to human eyes, she is seen by dogs. In Wales it is thought that horses' have also the gift of seeing spectres. Carriage horses have been known, says Mr. Sikes, to display every sign of the utmost terror, when < the occupants of the carriage could see no cause for fright. Such an occurrence ie said ' to be highly ominous, and to portend that' a funeral will soon pass by that way, bear-1 ing to his resting- plaoe some person not dead at the time of' the horses' fright. Very nearly allied to the superstition which recognises r, death omen in the howling of ' a dog is that of the spectre hounds which are said to be occasionally heard and seen in different parts of Eogiand | and Wales. They are generally invisible; hut their fe&rfui; yelping, as it iB heard pass ing swiftly through the air, resembles tbe fierce and angry note of tho bloodhound. They are supposed to be <a evil spirits hunt . ing tho Bonis of tho dead, or, by their diabolical yelping, to betoken tbe speedy death of some person." In tbe North they are called tbe "Gabriel hounds." . . . Mr. Henderson relates that a few years ago, when a child was burned to death at Sheffield, the neighbours immediately called to mind how the " Gabriel hounds" had passed above the house not long beforo. Ho also tells of a person who was hastily summoned one night to the sick bed of a relative whoso illness had suddenly assumed an alarming oharaoter. As he set ont he hoard the wild sound of the oreatures above his head; thoy accompanied him tho whole way, about a mile, then paused, and yolped loudly ovor the house. He entered it, and found that the patient had just breathed her last. In Lancashire these spectre hounds are locally termed ."Gabriel Hatchets," and are supposed to foretell death or misfortune to all who ham their sound. ?From " The Boa and if* FnJt £ortf|' in Ms Gtaiffemm's Magaxins, 