, BOBBING AROUND MEMS. Br Jingo. Professor Pepper's ghost and ghostesses have shown themselves to admiring audiences in Clare, but the quantity of spectatoral spirits . patronising the intellec tual show did not realise the great Pepper's expectations. Folks will cram to see a Punch and Judy ®how, or to hear an in different nigger squeal, but when talent of a superior order arrives, endeavoring to in struct, there are beggarly benches, and those who' should attend are conspicuous by their absence. The disciples of Esculapius had a busy time of it at the Casualty Hospital on Wednesday afternoon. The unfortunate young man, George Syme, son of a farmer at Koolunga, who met with an accident on Sunday last, had his leg amputated in a skilful manner by Dr. Bain, assisted by Dr. Smith. The poor fellow is now minus both legs, having some nine years ago underwent an operation in the Adelaide Hospital. The shopkeepers are brushing and deco rating their establishments, and intend making a grand display of Christmas com forts for the inner man, and lassie too. One enterprising gent, has flaming letters on his businesa place, announcing a great sale i oh the' 11th. Those, who wish to do the grand with their petite femme's hand should not lose the opportunity of visiting the jBilvery abode of the displayer, and I shall be disappointed if their requirements are not satisfied cheaply and politely. I made an effort the other evening- to bob into the Institute, but a notice met my gaze, to the effect. that the public are only admitted between the hours of 12 and 2 p.m. Not seeing the librarian about, and believing work occasioned his absence, I 'had not the chance afforded of asking him to do me a most intense Idndness by per mitting me to overhaul the journals in the reading-room. Like a Collingwood larrikin I made tracks, muttering I would 'go'for^ or shanghai him, if he was absent from his post the next time I had occasion to bob' around the aforesaid building. All man* kind cannot become subscribers to the Insti tute, and as Clare is often visited by strangers (many of whom likely would be pleased to read the papers) the Committee might see their way clear to rescind the present rule and substitute 7 till 9 p.m. When do our Catholic friends purpose completing their chapel ? Seven years ago I saw a pajre superintending stone aud mortar, and still the building is no further advanced. 