NEW YEAR EVE'S ADVEN TURES* VIII. In the meantime Philip's autstitnte as watch man was playing his part in the streets of the city. It is scarcely necessary to say, what all must know, that he was no other than Prince Julian, who, filled with generous wine, had taken it into his head to take a turn at being a watchman. As soon as Philip had left him he blew his horn and cried the hours from street corner to street corner to his heart's content, adding to his cries all sorts of comical remarks; indeed, he troubled himself very little about the prescribed form which has been told to ob serve in blowisg the horn and calling the time. Just as he had delivered himself of a fresh joke a side-door opened, and a well-dressed girl Btepped forward and beckoned to him, saying, •'Hist, hiBt," and then retired into the dark entry. The Prince ceased his remarks and followed the pleasing apparition. In the dark he was seized by a delicate hand, and a low, soft voice whispered, "Good evening, dear Philip; speak softly, so that no one may hear us. I have only slipped away from the company for an instant to say a word as you passed. Have you been amused? " Oh, I am overjoyed, you angel," said Julian. " Who could be sorrowful near you ?" "Philip, I have something good to tell you. To-morrow evening you are to sup with us. Mother has given leave; will you come?" "Every evening, every evening," cried Julian, "and for as long as yon like. I should like you to be always with me, or me with you, until the end of the world. That would be a life for the gods." " Listen, Philip; in half an hour I shall be at St. Gregory's Church. There I shall expect you. Now, don't you fail, and do not keep me waiting, and then we will take a turn through the city. Now, go, or some one will discover ub." She was about to go, bnt Julian drew her back into his arms. * Translated from the German of H, Zschokke, by J. D. Woods. "Will you part from me so coldly," asked he, pressing bis lips to bers. Rose knew not what to make of Philip's boldness. He bad always been so retiring and so gentle, and at most he bad dared to kiss her hand, except once when the two mothers were going to forbid all intercourse between them. Then in the fondest love and the deepest misery the first kisB passed between them, but not one since then. Rose struggled ; but the supposed Philip was so impetuous that, in order to avoid making a noise that would betray them, she ceased struggling, permitted the kiss, and said—" Now go, Philip." But he did not go. He replied, " I should be a fool if I did. Do you think I like my watchman's beat better than I like you? By no means, my sweet heart." " Ah!" sighed Rose, " but it is not right." "Why not, you foolish thing? Is kissing forbidden by the Ten Commandments ?" " Tee," said Rose. " If we belonged to each other, then it would be a different- thing." " Belonged. If that is all, you can have me at any time you like." "Ah, Philip, you speak very strangely to-night. We cannot think of it just yet." " But, indeed, I think very Beriously about it; say only when you will." "Philip, have you been drinking ? If I will.' Leave me; you are insulting. Listen, Philip. Last night I was dreaming of you." " Was it a beautiful dream ?" " I thought you had won a prize in the lottery, and we had a great rejoicing. You had bought a beautiful garden. There was not a more beautiful garden in or out of the city. We had everything there flowers upon flowers, like a paradise. Great beds filled with the finest vegetables, and all the trees were breaking down with fruit. I was quite sorry when I awoke to find that a dream had only disappointed me. Now tell me, Philip, have you put into the lottery ? Have you won anythiog? To-day was the day for the drawing." " If in you, my beautiful child, I have won the greatest prize on earth, who knows what else might happen ? How much ought I to win for you ?" Well, perhaps you might be lucky enough to win a thousand florins. You could buy a very nice garden with that." "A thousand florins?" "Suppose it was more?" " Oh, Philip, what do you say ? Is it true ? No, do not deceive me as my dream did—you have staked and won—confess now." "As much as you like." " Oh, heaven," cried Rose, falling on his neck and kissing him in an ecstasy of joy. " More than a thousand florins. But will they give you suoh a large sum of money ?" Amidst the kisses the Prince forgot to answer. It was rather surprising for him to hold the beautiful, tender form in his arms and receive caresses which were not intended for him, but which he willingly appropriated to himself. " Answer me, do answer," cried Rose impatiently. " Will they really give you all that money ?" " I have it already, and if it will make you happy I will give it to you." " What, Philip, have you got it with you?" The Prince drew out the purse he had in bis pocket filled with gold, which he had intended to use at the play- table. Take it and feel the weight of it, girl," said he, and as he kissed her tender lips he placed the purse in her hand. " Will you be my sweetheart for that?" No, indeed, Philip; not for all your money if you were not my Philip." "And suppose I were to give you twice as much, and still were not your Philip ?" " I should cast your treasures at your feet, drop you a polite courtesy," replied Rose, "and take my leave." Just then a door above opened, and the voices of girls and laughter were heard. The gleam of the lights fell on the staircase. Rose became alarmed, and, whispering, "In half an hour, near St. Gregory's Church," she sprang from him and ran up the stairs. The Prince stood again in the dark. He left the doorway and examined the building and the bright windows. The sudden separation had been most inopportune. He did not care about the purse of gold, which the girl had carried away with her, but he was vexed that he had not seen her face in the light, and because he not only did not know her name, but still less whether she would carry out her threat of casting the money at his feet if he ap peared in his true character. In the meantime he consoled himself with the appointment at St. Gregory's Church. The watchman, however, tad fixed upon the same place for their meeting, and Jnlian soon understood that without his knowledge he was indebted to him for his pleasant adventure. IX. Whether it was owing to the strength of the wine he had taken, increased by the growing coldness of the New Year's Eve, or whether its effect|was heightened by Rose's delnsion, it is certain that the recklessness of the princely watchman gained the upper hand. In the ; midst of a crowd of promenaders he stopped at the corner of a street, and blew his horn so violently that all the women started back and the men stood still amazed. Julian called the hour, and sang— "The trade within this happy town All powerful has become, Nor do our maidens, white or brown, Aim at a matron's home. They can trick such goods out as they may, Those who seek wives will keep away." " Is it not scandalous," cried a feminine voice in the crowd, " to compare us to mere goods ?" Some of the men who stood by laughed heartily. " Da capo," shouted some jovial spirits. " Bravo, watchman," cried others. " How dare yon, fellow, insnlt our ladies in the public streets ?" growled a young lieutenant, who had a handsome girl upon his arm. " Lieutenant, unfortunately the watchman only sings the naked truth," interrupted a young miller, and the very girl you have on your arm proves the fact. " Hallo, young woman, do you know me? Do you know who I am ? Ha! is it proper for a betrothed maiden to be wandering about the streets at night with strange men ? To-morrow I shall inform your mother of this, and I shall have nothing more to do with yon." The girl covered her face and plucked the officer's arm so as to get him away. But the officer was a hero, and did not wish to let the miller have it all his own way and keep possession of the field. He poured out a. volley of curses, and as the other did not remain in his debt on that score he raised his cane. On a sadden two thick Spanish walking-sticks, grasped by stalwart citizens' hands, were raised in a threatening way over the head of the lieutenant. "Sir," said a broad shouldered brewer to the warrior, "we don't want to have any disturbance here about bad girls. _ I know the miller; he is an honest man. He is in the right, and the watchman is right, as true as I live. An honeBt tradesman or pro fessional person can scarcely get a decent girl for his wife in this city. The women want to rise above their station. Instead of knitting stockings they read novels. Instead of looking after the kitchen and the household they go off to thentres and concerts. They are Dot contented at home, and they walk along the streets dressed like princesses. They bring their husbands no dowry—except a few handsome gowns, some lace and ribbons and trnmpery and romances and laziness. Sir, I speak from ex perience. If our citizens' daughters had not been so completely spoiled I should have been married long ago." -*n the bystanders laughed loudly. The lieutenant moved slowly away from the threatening sticks, and said, sorrow fully, "We only needed to hear sermons from the common rabble to make the thing complete." " Who do you call the common rabble ?" cried a nailor, who was the possessor of one of the sticks, " You lazy nobles, who fatten upon the imposts and taxeB that we pay, do yon call as a common rabble? Your laziness is the cause of all the misery that exists in our households. There would not be so many honest girls unmarried if you had learned to pray and to earn an honest living." Several young officers here came forward, and the masters and journeymen began to assemble. The boys made snowballs and flung them into the thickest part of the crowd. One of the first bit the coble lieutenant on the nose. He mistook this for an attack by the mob, and he again raised his stick, and now a riot began. The Prince, who had only heard the beginning of the wordy war, well pleased and laughing,had long before proceeded into another street, qnite indifferent to the consequences of his ditty. He arrived before the palace of the Finance Minister Bodenlos. He was not on the best of terms with this gentleman, as Philip had already discovered. Julian saw that all the windows were lighted up. The wife of the Minister had a large party. Julian in his satirical humour planted himself right in front of the palace and blew his horn violently. Some of the ladies and gentlemen, perhaps out of curiosity, or because they had nothing better to do, opened one of the windows, curious to hear what the watchman would say. " "Watchman," said one of the gentlemen, calling down to him in the street, " sing us a song in honour of the Hew Year." This request attracted the wife of the Minister and several of the guests to the window. After he had announced the hour in the usual way Julian sang the following in a loud and distinct voice :2 "All you whose debts oppress you sore, And who expect a bankrupt's fate, Before you sleep, the Lord implore For a Finance Director's seat, To deep distress who brings the land By keeping it all in bis greedy hand." "I am almost ready to faint," gasped the wife of the Minister, who had just come to the window. " Who is the base-born wretch who dares to utter things like that ?" " May it please yonr Excellency," replied Julian, imitat ing the Jewish pronunciation, " I wished to give you an agreeable surprise. I beg your pardon ; I am only the Court usurer, Abraham Levi. I am sure your Excellency recognises me." " What, me!" shrieked another voice from the window. " You shameless scoundrel, doyou say that you are Abraham Levi ? I myself am Abraham Levi; you are an impostor." " Call the watch!" screamed the Minister's wife; " let the fellow be arrested." At these words all the guests left the window in the greatest excite ment. The Prince did not stay where he was, bnt with his utmost speed darted away down one of the little cross streets. A swarm of menials, accompanied by one of the Finance Secretaries, rushed out of the palace and looked in every direction for the slanderer. Suddenly some one called out, " We have got him!" The others hastened up at the cry. They had indeed seized the watchman of the district, who, in complete innocence, was passing along that way in the pursuit of his calling. He was sur rounded and overpowered in spite of his re sistance, and as a reward for his sarcastic remarks was dragged to the central guard house. The officer on duty shook his head in astonishment and said, "I have already had one watchman brought before me, who, through some verses which he bad sung against the women in the city, had caused a serious disturbance between some officers and the townspeople. The prisoner who had just been arrested refused to acknowledge the charge. He vehemently asserted that it was a number of young men who had drunk too much, and who bad interfered with him in the per formance of his duty. One of the Finance Secre taries, however, repeated to him the entire verse which had so justly roused the anger of the Minister's lady and of all her guests. At this recital all the soldiers present broke out into uproarious laughter, whilst the honest watchman swore, with tears in his eyes, that no such thing had ever entered his mind. "Whilst the watchman was strongly protesting his innocence, and declaring that he would make the young men responsible for the full conse quences of their behaviour, and was making the Secretary begin to doubt whether they had really seized the right man, the sentinel outside suddenly called out, "Stand to your arms. Guard turn out!" The soldiers were out in an instant. The Finance Secretaries continued to besiege the watchman with questions, and at that moment the Field-Marshal entered the guardroom, accompanied by the cap tain of the guard, who was on duty. " Fat that fellow there iu close confinement," cried the Field-Marshal, pointing to some one behind him. Here two officers entered, leading between them a disarmed watchman. " What!" exclaimed the captain of the guard in the utmost astonishment, " Have all the watchmen in the city gone mad?" "I will pay the scoundrel out to-morrow morniDg for his in famous doggrel," roared the Field-Marshal. " Your Excellency,"observed the newly arrested watchman, shaking and trembling, " Heaven knows that I have made no verses; I never made a verse in the whole course of my life." "Silence, rascal!" shouted the Marshal iu a terrific voice, " you shall be sent to a fortress or else to the gallows, and if you dare to contra dict me by so much bs a sign, I will cut you to mincemeat where you stand." The captain of our guard, with much deference remarked to the Marshal that a poetical epidemic must have broken out amongst all the watchmen iu the city, because he had had no less than three of those functionaries given into his charge within a quarter of an hour. " Gentlemen," said the Field-Marshal to the officers who accompanied him, " since the fellow cannot be persuaded to admit anything, be' kind enongh to recall to yonr recollection the lampoon, before it slips yonr memories. Write it down, and to morrow we shall find the means of nuking him acknowledge his offence. I shall waste no more time over the matter just now; I shall return to the ball. Who knows the lines ? The officers bethought themselves, and one helped another. The captain of the guard wrote down the words, and the following was the result " A feather an empty bead to deck, A pigtail hanging below the neck : The belly drawn in, and the chest stuck out Such are our army's heroes stout. In gaming, love, dancing, and music's sound Can a Marshal's conquests alone be found." "Willyou deny, you villain," cried the Field Marshal, turning with renewed fury towards the terrified watchman, "will you deny that you sang that, just as I was leaving the entrance to my house?" "Whoever may have sung it I know nothing at all about it," answered the watchman. "Then what made you runaway when you saw me coming towards you?" en quired the Marshal ? " "I did not run away." " What!" exclaimed the two officers," You did not run away! Were you not out oE breath when we at length were able to overtake you at the market- place ?" " Yes, because I was beside myself almost with, fear when the gentlemen fell upon me with so much violence. I can feel it now in every one of my limbs." " Lock the obstinate brute up," the Marshal called out to the guard; " he will have time enough to recollect himself by to morrow morning." So saying he hurried away. The disturbances in the streets, and the offeusive songs of the watchman, had set the whole of the police in motion. In the same half-hour two more watchmen, but, of courts, not the right ones, were seized and carried off the guardroom. One of them was accused having anng a most outrageous song about he Minister of Foreign Affairs, the substance being that the Minister was never so " foreign" aB^ in hiB own department. Another was charged with having sung before the Archbishop's Palace a song which suggested that, although there was plenty of suitable stuff to light up the churches, the " luminaries" spread over the land much more darkness and trouble than light. The Prince, whose recklessness had brought so many of the watchmen of the Residence into trouble, always had the fortune to get clear away, and as he went from street to street he became bolder and bolder. The affair caused much excitement. It was even specially reported to the Minister of Police, as he sat at table at play with the King, that a'sort of poetical insurrection had broken out amongst the hitherto peaceful watchmen, and one of the insulting verses was put before him in writing. The King listened to the lines, which were specially directed against the mis doings of the police. The verses alleged that they poked their noises into the secrets of all the families in the city, but for all that their own establishment was in anything but an "odorous" condition, and for that reason it might be desirable to treat them to a solid "pinch" occasionally to keep things sweet. The King laughed heartily at the recital, and he gave orders that the next poetical watchman who might be captured should be brought imme diately before him. fie then arose from the card-table, because he (saw that the Minister of Police waB thoroughly out of humour. X. In the ballroom close by the banqueting room Philip, the watchman Prince, had con sulted his watch, and saw that it was almost time to set out for the rendezvous near the Ohurch of St. Gregory. He was anxious to restore the scarlet mantle and plumed hat to his substitute, because he did not feel too much at his ease in that distinguished disguise. As he was making for the door, in order to slip away, the negro accosted him again, and whispered, " Tour Royal Highness, the Duke Hermann is locking for you everywhere." Philip shook his head angrily, and was leaving the room. The negro came after him. As they entered the ante-chamber the negro again whispered," Here comeB the Duke!" With these words the black hurried hack into the ballroom. A tall, spare, masked figure advanced towards Philip with hasty steps, calling out, "Stop a moment;! have a word or two to say to you. I have been seek ing you for some time." " Well, be quick, if you please," replied Philip, " for I have no time to spare." " I should be well pleased to have no time to waste upon you—I have been looking for you long enough. Tou owe me satisfaction. You and that cursed Salmoni have cheated me." " I know nothing whatever about it," answered Philip. " It was you who planned that rascally business in the cellar at the baker's, and at your instigation Colonel Kalt assaulted my person." " There is not a word of truth in it." " What, no truth ? Do you deny it ? The wife of Marshal Blanken swerd disclosed the whole affair to me only a few minutes ago. She was an eye-witness to the ghost farce which you played off upon me." " Tbe lady has assuredly told you a fib, I have had no hand in those proceedings, and if you permit spectral hoaxes to be played upon you it is your own fault." "I ask yon, do you intend to afford me satisfaction ? If you refuse I shall raise a disturbance. Follow me immediately to the King. Tou will either fight me or yon will go to the King." Tour Serene Highness," stammered Philip in per plexity, "I have no desire either to fight you or to go to the King." Philip was really ia earnest, for he feared that if he did, he would be obliged to remove his mask, and then he might be subject to severe punishment for the part that he had been obliged to assume against his inclination. He made all sorts of excuses to the Duke, but always keeping an eye upon the door, in order to seize the first moment that offered him an opportunity of getting away. "What is it you want with me ?" cried Philip in despair, pushing the Duke away from him. " Let us go to tbe King." replied the Duke in a fury; " he shall learn how shamefully his princely guests are treated at his Court." " Well," said Philip, who, seeing that he could not help himself, resumed his character as Prince, "come along ; I am quite ready. Fortunately I have got the paper with me in which, in your own hand writing, you gave the undertaking to the baker's girl." "Pooh! Rubbish! Nonsense!" returned the Duke, " that was one of those jokes which are occasionally carried on with silly townsfolk. Show it to the King. I shall easily dispose of that." At the same time the Duke did not show any great anxiety to proceed with that part of the affair. He no longer pressed Philip to go with him to the King. Instead, however, he insisted more and more that they should enter a carriage, drive Heaven only knew where, and appease his wounded honour with swords and pistols. Philip saw that this would not suit his views. He pointed out to tbe Duke the consequences of such a step; but in his rage the latter would not be turned from his determination. He said that every preparation had been made, and when the affair had been brought to a close he intended to travel away from the place that night. " Prince," continued the Duke, " if you are not the greatest coward in the whole coun try you will follow me to the carriage." "I am not the Prince!" answered Philip, who was driven to desperation. "Tou are. Every one at the ball has recognised you. I know you by your hat. Tou shall not escape me." Philip took off his maBk, turned his face towards the Duke, and asked, "Now am I the Prince?" Duke Hermann, when he beheld tbe utterly strange countenance, started back, and stood as if he were petrified. The disclosure of all his most secret transactions to an unknown in creased his astonishment and perplexity. Be fore he could collect himself, Philip had gained the door and got away. [To be continued.] 