It is rntlioi- amusing- to find an old Liberal like Mr. Richard Sadloir standing up l'or the Royal prerogative of morcy being " absolutely " vested in the iSovcreign," and, as wo under- stand liim, involving no responsibility on; the part of Ministers. Yet, although so- vested, lie says it is sometimes " delegated " to tlie Secretary of State and to Governors " of colonies, &c.;" In tlie latter ease Gover nors exercise tlie functions of tlio Crown, and of course this one among the rest. But tlie delegation of tlie prerogative to a Secretary of State, who is merely a member of a Ministry, upsets the whole argument of Mr. Sadicir, and those who think witli him. The delegation of so sacred a tiling as the Royal prerogative of mercy to a subject who docs not, like a Governor, discharge tlie functions of a Sovereign, is inconsistent witli their own views and arguments. According to tlie Herald, the exercise of the prerogative " belongs to tlie Crown only," and " tlie " Crown is not prepared to surrender it." Now, wliat is tlie Crown in this ease ? Is it tlie Sovereign apart from Ministers, or is it merely the Executive, which includes the Sovereign nnd her advisers ? If it is tlio former, then the Crown lias surrendered the prerogative by delegating it to the Secretary of State, who is a member of the Ministry, and subject to all those demoralising influences upon which our venorable contemporary dilated with so much unction. " Those," said our contemporary in his oracular style, " who would have this " last portion of the system altered have " scarcely considered tho cll'ccts of the change they advocate. . . . Minis- " tors hold their offices by successfully eon- " structing a party or keeping it together, nnd . " are ns often under obligation to follow as to " lead. . . . There would bo a hundred " influences at work to disturb or weaken tlie impartiality of a Minister or a "Ministry entrusted with that function. . . The less political Ministers have " to do with the exercise of this power " the better." And so on for the belter part of a column. And yet this delega tion of the prerogative to a Minister lias taken . place in England, and no one there appears shocked, or anticipates the evil consequences pointed out by our contem porary. In point of fact the prerogative belongs to tho Sovereign as the head of the Executive, and the responsibility of its exorcise is borne by her advisers. The Queen hns done a very wise thing in dispel ling tho political superstition that the prerogative in question was something per sonally and inseparably connected witli the Sovereign, like the healing virtue in tho Royal touch in certain diseases. She has delegated the exoreiso of tlio prerogative to a Minister who is responsible to the Crown and the country. But the prerogative is still in tho same hands— those of .the Govern ment of the country for the time being. Had she delegated its exoreiso to any court favourite, would tlio peoplo of England, in that spirit of servile worship of Royalty which scorns to ; nnimato so many persons in this colony, have approved of -it, or remained silent, or held her advisers irresponsible ? Mr. Sadleir ways that tho prerogative is " entirely : independent of -political ques- " tions," hut that tlio Sovereign is hound to seek the advice of the Execu tive in forming an opinion. Well, thero are hundreds of subjects that are dealt with by the Executive that arc, or /should bo, ns independent of polities in tlio party sense — such us the just' administration of the law ; but they are not therefore regnrded , us prerogatives. Sometimes corrupt, or weak, or popularity-hunting Ministers interfere with the administration of the law in favour of partisans; but while all deplore this, few desire on that account to take away the power of interference from Ministers nnd -vest it in the Sovereign personally. The Attorney-General, under Constitutional Government, has extraordinary powers vested in liim, and he may sometimes mis use them ; but the system works ns well as any other system human skill can devise. Ministers arc trusted, and lliey nrc held responsible for tho trust. No matter how powerful tliey may bo in the zenith of their power, the day of reckon ing comes at last, and they are brought to book. All their misdeeds nrc paraded nnd held up to public scorn and reprobation. In a neighbouring colony we see how this Nemesis of responsibility dogs tho steps of Ministers, and brings about their punishment. While wo contend lor what appears to us to bo tho Constitutional view of tho question — that in the exercise of tbo prerogative of mercy by tho Crown the Ministry is not nb- aol ved from the responsibility of that exercise — .wc.do not contend that the iSovcreign or the Governor should/abnegate the right to an in dependent opinion and to the carrying of it out. -In this we do not agree with Mr. Buchanan, who seemed to condemn the -'Governor for acting on his own opinion inde- jpendeiitly. of his advisers. In any particular Cn'so the "Governor might lie wrong in his judgment, or, coming into a new country and not being sufficiently acquainted with its cir- eu'inBtmrces7''it inighfc he ns well that lie slibnld 1 hesitate -to set up; his own judgr incnt ngainst that of his advisers. . . ..But, under ordinary, circumstances, if lie dif fered in opinion with them 011 an import ant' question involved in the exercise of the Royal prerogative of mercy, we consider that lie would be quite justified in disregarding their ; advice. We can imagine many cases in which a firm niul upright Governor would impose a salutary check upon the action of n weak or a corrupt Ministry. But in such cases he should be prepared to take the' consequences — to see his advisers resign, and be compelled to find a Ministry which would: accept the responsibility of his action. ' Both lie nnd his advisers are only the custodians of power 'on behalf of the nation, and must eventually be amenable to public opinion. The Sovereign or the Governor who persists in making himself obnoxious to public opinion will have a had time of it, 110 matter how nntny prerogatives he may ho armed witli, -or how many folios of instructions from tlie Secretary of Stale for the Colonics lie niay have been honoured with. As to these instructions to Governors, which our morning contemporary makes of so much importance, they merely concern the Governor himself. They are for his guidance, to assist liim in performing his duties propcrly and Well. ' ' Tliey are necessarily con sistent witli Constitutional Government; if tliey are hot tliey must cventiinlly be withdrawn. The moment that a Governor's instructions arc found in -any way to trammel or interfere with our right of /self-government, a struggle will, commence, the result of which ennnot be for h moment doubtful. Tho Americans were taxed, by prerogative when tliey threw the tea into the harbour of Boston, nnd wo all know the, result. Well, that is saying too much. There arc some people who, if tliey have over known, seem to have forgotten the iobsohs of history, anil who misuse their opportunities by inculcating erroneous notions as to Con stitutional Government, by galvanizing into temporary life exploded fallacies and dogmas about Royal prerogatives that may have been believed in by our ancestors, but arc laughed at in the present day. Unless there is some subtle fallacy under lying the problem that twice two are four, tlie Government have got upon the wrong track on the question of assisted immigration. Tho testimony of those who are in the host position to know was given at the Guild Hall last night, and it shows that for every vacant situation there arc at least a score of applicants eager for tlie appointment. And how, it may be asked, in the face of such a condition- of things, docs the Government justify tlie proposal to expend .-E7(i,000 of the public money to still further unhinge the labour market? If artisans wore required and could not be got, there might he a sub stantial reason for the vote ; hut to bring more workmen to Sydney at a time when those wo have are only partially employed is to accom plish that familiar absurdity described as " car- " lying coals to Newcastle." Men are supposed to bear misfortune butter when there are others as ill-provided for as themselves, and it may be that a grim sense of 'humour has inspired the proposal to bring out those who are hungry at homo to look at those who are hungry here ; hut the subject is not one that peoplo with empty larders are inclined to joke about. Interference with tiie labour market necessarily produces the same effect as inter ference with any other market. If the Government imported a ship-load of red- hot-rings every week, that savoury article would soon be. depreciated in value ; and tlie importation of ship- loads of immigrants in the same way. depreciates the value of labour. The experience of ages shows us that tho laws of demand and supply regulate themselves with far greater exactness than we can regulate thorn. If labour is scarce, it will ho dear ; if it is plentiful, it will he cheap, and nothing we can do will prevent its gravitation. Wo might ns well attempt to heap up water 011 a full bucket as to bring labourers into Sydney when there is nothing for tliom to do. Wo arc simply taxing tlie industry of the people to import- labour which we do not want, and which will inevitably drain away, to Queens land or South Australia, or some other colony. It may not go direct, but every enter prising colonist who is driven away by such unfair competition is a loss that is not easily inndc. up for. And liowover willing the Government may be to close their eyes to the circumstance, it is an undoubted fact that scores of raw immigrants have elbowed good men out. Being mostly single, tliey can and do work for less money than those who have families to support ; and the natural result is that the poor are made poorer by tlie baneful operation of an unjust law. Tlie Legislative Assembly will be asked to declare, 011 the motion of Mr. Cameron to-niglit, " that the depressed state of the labour " market, and the finaucinl exigencies of tlie " colony, require that all assisted umigration " should be absolutely suspended during the " present year." If the Government is wise iii its ' day and goueration, it will take tho opportunity of withdrawing the vote before there is any discussion upon tho subject. Whatever may he said in favour of tho principle of assisted immigration nt suitable periods, it is evident that at present the country requires time to recover from tlio surplus labour with which the market is un doubtedly stocked. There are, ns usual, two ways of dealing with or considering this question — the theoretical and tho practical. Tlie theory is that the 'prosperity of tlio country depends upon 1111 inereaso of population, while the practical view of the mailer put forth is that there nro more mouths here at present than can find food wherewith to be filled. It was to lie expected that there would be some evidence in support of the latter submitted to the meeting last night, and Mr. Roylanco, who moved tlio first reso lution, condemnatory of the proposal to ex pend £70,000 for the purpose of immigra tion, mado one or two statements which toml to establish the position of those who are opposed to importing more Inborn-. 116 asserted that I10 knew of a case in which there. were 230 applicants l'or a situation in -a warehouse. The nature of the employment or the amount of the remuneration was not men tioned, but this does not materially interfere with the fnct that there were tlmt number of applications for a situation for which, in al" probability, not one innn in ten among tho unemployed would think of applying.' This was given as nn cxnmple of the condition of nlYiiirs in the metropolis, and according to Mr. lloylance the state of the working classes is quite as bad in the country districts. Tho statements lie made about mechanics who should bo earning 10s. or 12s. per day work ing for 3s. or- (is., and of larger numbers walking about " with their swags on their " backs, seeking work and finding none," are 110 doubt correct ; and while matters would not ho so had if all who want work could obtain it at the lower rale of wages mentioned, the misfortune ap pears to ho that those who can ob tain employment on such terms are the exceptions; Tlio Newcastle district was specially referred to, nnd tho letter read to the meeting had a very significant bearing on the practical side of the question. It stated that with one exception thoAcdllierics were only giving' the meri-.two njid >a--half/ days' work in a fortnight, " and still,";- says the ; " writer, . " we are: being ? 'swamped -";by new labour'— - not ' only ; directly -.''-from the old country,-but scores are finding " their. way here from the other' colonics;" .The influx of unfortunates from the neigii- boo'ring colonics ist nn .nnavolclqblc. misfortimo.. but the introduction of an additional contin- geht from home of men for whom there is 110 .work is . surely , an evil -under the sun.- Though- some unnecessarily strong lan guage was used by one of . the speakers, the general tone of the meeting was tem perate ; and tlie demand that ' immigration should cease for a year is at least so reason able that it behoves the Government to it careful consideration. A11 important item of news of general politi cal interest thronghout the colonies comes to -ns from New Zealand. It'alfccts the position nnd concerns the conduct of Sir Hercules liohin- H011 as a Constitutional Governor ; and, if it were for no other fact than this, would he interesting iii New South Wales, where' liis views as to his Constitutional position were, not invariably i« accord with those of his. advisers. But Sir Her cules, having adopted certain opinions, is not the soil of man to abandon them, 'either for an English Secretary of State or for a Colonial Ministry; and it is not, there fore, surprising that in New Zealand he has by latest advices taken upon himself to make a communication to tho Secretary of State for the Colonies which lias excited 110 small amount of comment. Tlio New Zealand Herald, published at. Auckland,, the former capital of the colony, is one of the oldest and most carefully conducted papers in New Zea land ; and when it publishes any statement of apparent importance its authenticity may be pretty fairly relied upon. On the 21st of January our contemporary said — Telegrams liavc been published ill which it is stated that tho Governor lias forwarded a dispatch to this -Colonial Oflice which, amongst Other things, con tains strong comments on the financial condition of the colony. There has been no contradiction, and we are therefore entitled to assume that the statement is true. Wc ought to know exactly what it is that his Excellency lias said. Occppj-ing an exalted position, his representations will possess great weight, and it is important, therefore, that it should be known what tliey are. The question arises— In what respect have the" Governor's remarks been so serious, and why has lie felt it incumbent on him to take a course so unusual? liis Excellency's residence in the colony has been scarcely sufficiently long to permit liim to speak with unquestionable . authority, and we know of nothing in its conditions whicli would justify - the alarmist representation alleged to ho convoyed in liis dispatch. The colony itself is unaware of any imminent prospect of future disaster ; but if there m'something of great importance which - it lias keen kept in ignorance of, then it has been greatly wronged, and ought at once to ho made acquainted with it. If the dispatch has been .com municated to the Premier, tbon we apprehend that it is excluded from the category of confidential commu nications, and that it would ho within tho discretion of his Excellency to permit its publication. If that bo nut so, then it is time for Parliament to consider whether it should not dissent from , this seorecv,i:ind whether it should not require such a confidential relation of the Governor and Colonial Office as would permit of the publication of a ! State paper of the nature and of tlie importance which this is alleged to possess. However great its confidence in Her Majesty's representative, it can hardly 1)0 expected to re gard with serenity and acquiescence so damaging a dispatch as that of which Sir H. llobiuson is stated to have been the author.' The ltussian Nihilists arc giving more trouble. In un effort to arrest a number of tliom a conllict lias taken place, in which 11 number of both police and .Socialists have been wounded. As a con sequence. wo hoar of further arrests being made. Tlio spirit which has led to such cruel retaliation against tlio Imperial system in Kussia, however, will not bo easily stamped mil, and, ns in tlie oasc of tho first French Revolution, evils of oppression and of ex cesses of resistance will ultimately work their own euro in tlie establishment of Constitutional Government nml liberty. Tlie war in South America, despite tlie success of one of the com batant parties, is likely to -terminate through the non-ofiicial intervention of Groat Britain. The weather continues unsettled, witli a south east wind, a high barometer, a pretty heavy sea on at tlic Heads, and light, squally showers at intervals. It is pleasant to 1)0 aide to state that Mr. Cope- land, M.l\, who received sneli severe injuries, through uu accident lately, lias made rapid pro gress towards recovery, ami is expected to he about quite well in a few (lays. Tlic Legislative Assembly meets al half-past -1 o'clock this afternoon, and the sitting, ns usual on Tuesdays, will be dorolcd to private members' business. Thero are twelve questions on the notice paper, including otic by Mr. Long, relating to some irregularity in the accounts of the Clerk of l'ctly Sessions at Gunning, which appear to have been condoned by his restoration to office after having been suspended: another by Mr Macintosh, as to whether any railway rolling stock lias been ordered from America during the past six months ; nnd anoLlier by Dr. Bowker, inquiring how many beds it is intended to have in tlie hospital, to be rebuilt in Mncquaric-slrcct for tlie accommodation of paiicnls. In connection with this matter, Dr. Bowker has given notice of liis intention to move for the appointment of a select committee to con sider ami report upon the principles which should be observed in choosing sites for our new hospi tals. It is, however, questionable whether' tlio business will be disposed of sufficiently far down the notice paper to allow of the consideration of this motion. Tlie evening will most likely be devoted to tlie discussion of the first notice stand ing in tlie name of Mr. Cameron : — " (I) That, iu (lie opinion of this House, the depressed stale of the labour market and Lite financial exigencies of tlie colon' require that all assisted immigration should be absolutely suspended during the present year; (2) that the foregoing resolution be com municated by address to his Excellency ' tlie Governor." Taken in conjunction with the large and enthusiastic meeting at tlie Guild Ilail last night, the particulars of which appear in another column, tlio probability is that this question will absorb the attention of members during tlic greater part of tlie evening. The attendance at the Garden I'alace yesterday numbered over -TOOO. Beeitals were conducted on tlie Briustncad and Giinlhcr pianos by Miss Hyam ami Madame Lama), and tlic orchestra under llerr lvopff played iu the basement throughout the afternoon. In the grounds tho baud of the Permanent Artillery played a. number of nice selections. This addition to tlic musical perform ances nUrncl a large number of., persons to the grounds, which are at present in splendid order. The pnblic meeting held nt the. Guild Hall last night to protest against the proposed vote of £70,001) for immigration pitrpo«es, was attended by at least 1000 persons, and. was of a very enthusiastic nature. The first resolution, which was .carried unanimously, was to. the effect that in the opinion of tlio meeting tho appropriation was unjust to the labouring classes, and inimical to the best interests of the colony, and was agreed to unanimously. It was also deeided Hint a copy of the resolution should bo forwarded to Sir Henry l'arkes. A report of tlie meeting will be found in another column. Tlie eighth half-yearly meeting of the Board of Directors of llic Now South Wales Protestant Hall Company (limited), was held last evening at the Protestant Hall. There was a large attendance of the shareholders present. The chair was occupied by Alderman Lees, chairman of ibo Board. Tlie secretory (Mr. Peel) having read the advertise ment convening the meeting, then read tlio report of the Board, from which it appeared that the in come for the period from all sources,' including shares, amounted io £58(i os (id, and the working expenses to £817 'Js Id; and the not profit to £11)0 15s oil. There have boon 87 now shares allotted. The bank overdraft lias been reduced from £fi!)3 Is (id to £375 lis (id — a reduction of £217 10s. The profit 011 the half-year wus oqual to 7j- per eciit. ou U10 paid-up capital of the com pany (£51)1(1 15s). The profit, with the Interest paid (£140 Is Id) was stated lo be nearly equal lo !);,( per cent, oil the total outlay of £!)!! 7s od. From llic balance-sheet it appeared that tho rents received for the hall during tho half-year amounted to £507 (is (id. Four of the directors retire by rotation, namely, Messrs. J. D. Morris, J. G. Bearc, D. Campbell, and H. Eycrs, who are eligible for re-election, as also tho two auditors, Messrs. W. T. Jucombs and A. Adams, who are also eligible for re-election. Tho same gentlemen were proposed to serve again on the Board, and also Messrs. It. M'L'o.v, W. A.' Walker, and D. Peters as candidates for scats on the Board of Directors. The meeting, which- was addressed by several shareholders, was adjourned for the pur pose of Inking a ballot in accordance with tlie Act. An iiii|iorl:ml notice in connection with the department of judging mid awards at tlie Inter national Exhibition appears 111 our advertising columns. Jt notifies tho classes which are now undergoing examination, and judges m tlie several classes can ascertain whether their services tire re quired or not. While Sn George limes w.isuding 111 Willium- stieet 1, ist 1 ist bund iy .ifteiuouu, hu «.is .itlaeked 111 .1 ton udlv inmnu by aputy of laiiikins, who, threw mg with much foite a lieu piece of wood atlub horse, nearly unseated the lidei. Foitu nntely Sir Gcoigc reined 111 the hoito speedily, but the larrikins had decamped in all directions by the time lie turned in, pursuit. The Fisheries Inquiry Commission is now sitting, engaged in collecting evidence respecting -the fish and fisheries, of this colony. Tlie commission arc desirous of , obtaining information from" all -who have any to give, and will take evidence from any one wishing to. be examined. Among the points on which information is sought are the following; — Tiic localities' where tlie various fishes are chiefly found ; their mode ' nf capture ; their times of spawning ; their, places of spawning ; the mode of attachment of spawn ; the yonng fry — where seen and when"; tlie' enemies ret tUc'spaWn"; "observation" of shoals, »kc. ; migrations of fishes ; nnd modes of increasing and protecting fisheries. — Yesterday nfternoon a number of -gentlemen; attended a meeting- convened by the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Bobt. Fowler) at tlie Town Hall, for the purpose of making arrangements for a public' banquet lo be given to Professor Bcdlcaux, Com missioner for tlie German Empire, and tbc other foreign ancl colonial Commissioners to the Sydney International Exhibition. The Mayor presided, and after having stated the objects of the meeting, said that Mr. Jennings, Executive Commissioner, Mr. John Davics, M.L.A., and himself had waited upon Professor liculcaux, who, after hearing their intentions, gave them a very favourable reply, and since then had communicated in writing to them his appreciation of their kind invitation. But he intimated that lie regretted being singled out from his fellow- Commissioners, who had all worked as ho hud, to promote the welfare of Hie great Exhibition. He wished therefore to be invited to a public dinner with, his fellow- Commissioners. Mr. John Davics moved that those who were present should form themselves into a committee, with power to add to their number, in order to carry out tlie necessary arrangements. He pointed out thai it was necessary to move in tbe matter nt onoe, because tlie Professor intended leaving the colony on the 15th or lGth February. This pro position met with unanimous approval, and the gentlemen present enrolled their names on tlic committee. It was decided that the banquet should bike place on the 12ih February. Mr. Jobn Davics nnd Mr. Augustus Morris were appointed lion, secretaries, and Mr. Jennings, Executive Commissioner, was appointed hon. treasurer. The hall where the banqnet is to take place wns not decided -upon, and the meeting adjourned until -1 p.m. to-day, in order to make more definite ar rangements, and get together an influential com mittee. A meeting of the committee appointed to carry out arrangements for presenting Sir Hercules llobinson with a portrait (in oils) of himself, was held yesterday nfternoon at the offices of tlio Inter national Commission. There were present — Sir Alfred Stephen, Knt. (in the chair), Messrs. John Alger, C. J. Roberts, R. 13. Smith, and R. Hayes (I1011. sec.) It transpired that tlie lioccssary funds .would he available. A letter was read from Sir Hercules Robinson, recommending that Mr. G..M, Folingsby, an English artist at present in Mel bourne, wiio had boen engaged painting the por trait of, Sir Redmond Barry, should ho commis sioned lo execute his picture. His Excellency alluded to tlie probability of liis not being aide lo visit England or Australia before the expiration of his five years' term. It was de cided that the illuminated address to Sir Hercules should be permitted to remain in tlie Garden Palace till the close of the Exhibition. The Weslcyan Conference continued its sittings yestcrdny. The consideration of matters in con nection with affairs relating te missions in tlie South Sea Islands occupied the whole of the day, and wns not concluded when tlie Conference ad journed at 4 .ISO p.m, Arrangements for sending the Rev. George Brown with his six native teachers from Fiji and Tonga to Sail Christoval, and thence to New Britain, by a vessel leaving on Saturday next, were sanctioned by tlie Conference. It was announced that n donation of £200 had been re ceived from Miss Black in aid of tbc missions in the South Sea Islands. Tlie statement was received with expressions of lively satisfaction. The SStli half-yearly meeting of tlio Australian Gas Light Co. wns licit! at tlie offices of tlie com pany, Kent- street, 011 Thursday last, when the directors presented their report for tlio previous half-year, ending December 51, 1870. From this document its appeared that tlie profits of that period, after deducting bad debts, interest on bad money, cost of repairs and renewals, depreciation of plant working expenses, and all charges, amount with the balance brought forward (£027 Ss 7d), to £28,(181) l(is 8(1. A dividend for tlie past six months of seven and a-half per cent, was declined, amounting to £18,710 0s (id, leaving a surplus of £!)'J4G 7s 2d, of which it was proposed to transfer to the reserve fund £S31o, leaving a balance to carry forward of £1631 7s 2d. The directors re ported that they had introduced gas into the Borough of Bumlwick, tlie inhabitants having pro mised substantial support. Tlie lighting of tlie borough was commenced 011 the 1st January, 1S80. On the motion of the chairman, Mr. M. Metcalf, the report was adopted unanimously. The meet ing closod with the customary votes of thanks to tlie chairman and the board of directors. The City Coroner, 5fr. II. Bliicll, J.l'., held an inquest at tlie City Arms Hotel, Stanley-street, Woollooinooluo, yesterday evening, upon tlic body of a woman named May Massic. The deceased, who was a woman of intemperate liabils, had a quarrel at a house iu Stanley-street oil llic 20th January last, since when she lias been ailing. During her illness she had been attended by her neighbours, medical assistance also being called in, lmt she died early yester day morning at a house she had been lodging in at IS Yurong-street. The inquest was adjourned until 2 o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, to allow of a post-mortem examination being made.' On .Saturday evening a woman, name unknown, wns arrested in Christ Clinrch for drunkenness, and taken to the No. 2 police station. From that time up till 8 o'clock Inst night the woman did not speak or take any nourishment, so she was con veyed to the Infirmary, and admitted in an uncon scious state. A man named Joseph lilakc, whilst working at the Abattoirs yesterday afternoon, wns rushed nt by an infuriated bullock, which knocked him down and inflicted a severe nnd painful wound at the back of the right thigh, three inches deep, and lialf-au-ineh wide. He was conveyed to the Sydney Infirmary, where he was admitted aud re ceived every attention. About a quarter-past 5 o'clock yesterday after noon a little girl named Alice Abbey, nged two years, residing with her parents at 21li Cnsllcrengh- street, was knocked down by n horse and cart, driven by John M'lvor, of Botany-street, Surry Hills, in Ihe employ of Mr. Starkey. , Tlie ioor child was kicked in tlic head by tlic horse, anil re ceived a severe wound. She was taken home, and iittcndod to by Dr. Bcstie. No. blame wns attached to llic driver, as the child wns right under the horse's feet before he could pull np. Last night a public meeting was held 111 tlie Oddfellows' Hall, Baimain, by persons favourable to tlic Education Bill whieh is now before Parlia ment. The meeting was well attended, there being about 2 10 persons present. Tlie Mayor ( Mr. James M'Donald) presided, and a resolution was passod wherein the mooting expressed its cordial approval of the Bill, and pledged itself to accord its earnest support thereto. Petitions in favour of the Bill were signed at tlie conclusion, which nrc to bo transmitted to both Houses of Parliament. Tho talented and popular actress, Mrs. F. M. Bates, so well known nnd respected in Sydney, takes a benefit on Monday evening next tit tho Victoria Theatre, under patronage of a distin guished and extensive character, liis Excellency tlie Governor, Sir Henry Parkes, and the members of tlio Ministry, liis Worship tlic Mayor of Sydney and the Mayoress, Mr. C. J. Roberts, ex-Mnyor, and Mrs. Roberts, and a number of leading citi zens have nccorded not- only their patronage, but have announced their attention lo 1)0 present. Messrs. Hardie and Gorman hold important sales of city, suburban and counter properties 011 Wednesday next, particulars of which appear in our advertising columns. A fatal accident happened in Dovoushirc-slrcot yesterday nfternoon through a horso all ached to a spring cart, nnd driven by a carter 50 yoars of ago, bolting. It seemed that deceased was di-ivuv down Dcvonshirc-slrcct when tlic horse took fright and dashed madly down tlie street until it came in contact with another cart, throwing deceased out. He became entangled in the chain traces, and was dragged some distance, being finally thrown under tlic cart, the wheel of which passed o\ el liis shoulders, breaking both his arms and terribly mangling his head and shoulders. Mr. Quintan, milkman, who was passing at the time and witnessed tlio accident, at once put the poor fellow in a cab and conveyed him to the Infirmary, but hu died before lie reached the institute, Tlie body was conveyed to his own residence, and tiie circumstance reported to the coroner, before whom nil inqnest will be held to-day. At the Central Police Court yesterdav, 45 drunkards were punished. Ephraim Glinn pleaded guilty io being drunk while in charge of a horse and cart, and was ordered to pay 20s, or go to goal for 7 days. William Addey (23), for resisting Constable Rolton iu the execution of his duly, wns mulct in the sum rff 00s, with an alters native of one month. John Curry (17), Charles Levy (14), and George Myers (15), were severally lined 10s, witli nn alternative of -1 days, for beiii" guilty of riotous conduct in George-street on Sum day night. Louis Abel (28), eharged with selling lire to lied clothes in n house in Market-row, was remanded to enable the accused to be handed over to tlie coroner's court. Margaret M'Geary, charged with feloniously wounding her husband, Patrick M'Geary, was remanded for a week. Police memories:! re very long sometimes. A youim midshipman, named Robert Stewart, was brought beforo the Cunlml (JuurL jcstoulay to auswer-tho ch>u ge of disobeying a summons for being drunk in li.iriis-strect. The offence ooeuriod ou (lie Ulh September, 1878, defendant having been lo soa since tlie summons was issued. The police gnvc the lad a good character, and tho magistrates dealt leniently by the infliction of a fino of Ds, with 7s 10(1 costs. George Chambers, for tho same offence on the, 9th June lost; received a like penalty. : A ; shoemaker named William Wildman was brought before the Bench nt tlio Central Police .Court 'yesterday to answer tlic charge of being illegally in the- shop of ' Isaac Hereford, George- street west; with intent to commit a felony. Ac cording to the evidence of tho prosecutor, nothing in the shop had been removed in any way, and the accused had been in liis employ for some months. From the statement of the accused lie was locked out of his lodgings and went into the "sliop f6r"a"'slcej). " " Tlie Bench considered the offence proved, and sent Wildman to gaol for one month. ' \- A -very plcnsant and- -interesting meeting took place on Saturday last iat . lite works of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, Pyrmont ; the occasion being the 21st anniversary of Sir. F. W. Poolman's birthday; Tho employes having scmblcd in tlic new store, on the appearance of Ste. Poolmnn ho was received by hearty cheering. Sir Dickey, after a few appropriate remarks, read an address, and presented, 011 behalf of his fellow workmen, a very chaste gentleman's dressing care also a silver card ease, ns a souvenir of their esteem. Mr. Poolmnn expressed his thank" in appropriate terms, and invited all present to drink liis health. After numerous expressions of goodwill; tho meeting closod with three hearty cheers for Mr. I'oolman, senior. On Sunday afternoon tlio now Presbyterian Church, Botany, the foundation stone of which was laid by tlie Rev. Dr. Fnllcrton on tlio 27th of last September, was solemnly opened for Divine worship with a religious service. The Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon presided, and preached a most impres sive and appropriate sermon, taking for his text Jude, verses 20, 21 : — " But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in tlie Holy Ghost, keep yourselves iu the love of God, looking for tho mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ into eternal life." The Rev. Principal Kinross, B.A., offered tho dedicatory prayer- The llev. T. J. Curtis, minister of tlie united cimrge of Rcdfcrn, Waterloo, and Botany, also look part in the service. Mr. Alexander Gcddcs .ably presided at tlic organ, be having lent his own instrument for' the occasion, nnd led nn efficient choir of singers from St. Silas' and other churches, who had kindly consented to assist. The cdiltcc winch presents an exceedingly elegant and substantial appearance, was thronged to overflowing with worshippers, including, besides the congregation, representatives of the whole community 111 the suburb, and a number of visitors from Sydney, Rcdfcrn, &c.; A good collection in aid of Llic debt on llic building was taken up. It was announced that a second opening service will lie held at tlic church next Sabbath afternoon, when tlic Rev. Dr. Steel will preach, and the same sacred music will be sung. Dr. M'Gibbon pro nounced tlie benediction. At the Court of Quarter Sessions yesterdav. be fore His Honor Mr. District Court Judge "Wilkinson, Cornelius Riordnn was acquitted oil a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Donald Bradley. Samuel Keep pleaded guilty to causing a nuisance, ami wns bound over in liis own recog nisance of £50 to appear when called upon for judgment.' Henry Elvy nnd John Jones, charged with stealing IS bottles of ale nnd porter from the cellars of the Imperial Hotel, Newtown, wore found not.guilly and discharged. David Joseph Newton was found guilty «f uttering a document contain ing the deputy registrar of deeds' signature to n receipt of registration, such signature being a forgery, and was sentenced to two yoars imprison ment. Joseph Mcingc, convicted of stealing 1100 francs and £18 in sovereigns from Mane Choiner, at Paul's bonrdi ug-housc, in Sussex-street, was sen tenced 1 0 three years' imprisonment with hard labour. The Court then adjourned till 10 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning, when the remainder of tlic cases on the list will lie taken. The ballot for the election of seven directors of the Benevolent Asylum took place yesterday, between tlie hours of 10 and 4 o'clock. The gen tlemen nominated were — Messrs. J0I111 it. bug. James Henry, George Myers, Frank burner. John Starkey, Henry Hicks, N. J. M'Kunztc. and Win. Cocks. Tlie seven first-named were elected. The pretty submit of Petersham was quite gay ou Saturday afternoon, when tlic cricket match Petersham v. Arundcls was enlivened by the strains of the Petersham brass bund, under tlio ccniluctorship of Mr. Douglas. A varied pro gramme of popular music was given by the 20 member?, and, considering Hint the band was formed of raw material only three mouths ago, the execution was very creditable to the performers and conductor. Tlio uniform is neat and becom ing. Petersham is determined to come to tlio front in a musical sense, for a public meeting is called for Wednesday lo form a vocal society, under the conductorsliip of Mr. J. Churchill Fisher, witli Mr. E. Lewis Seott as secretary. Mr. W. II. Pigott, Mayor of Petersham, will take Hie chair. O11 Sunday last a very unpleasant and to some extent dangerous occurrence took place at the Watson's Bay landing pier. The steamers Phantom and Minx arrived just about the same time, the Minx being inside or next tlic jetty, home decidedly uncomplimentary remarks were ex changed by Hie rival captains, but nothing more serious occurred till (lie boats were slartiugon the return trip. Tiic Phantom had got her passengers on board, nnd the Minx was just taking her last half-dozen when the captain of the former out the latter adrift. This had the elfect of separating the members of several families, nnd inducing a fresh exchange of courtesies between the cap tains. In endeavouring lo jump on board after the vessel hail been cut adrift one or two persons narrowly escaped falling into the sen. The probability is that unless something is done lo moderate the ardour of these rival sailors there will he a serious burst-up some day. Two of the stokers of Ji.M.S. Wolverene, named Charles Day and Robert Moore, were brought up tit tlie Water Police Court yesterday, charged with desertion from that vessel. Tho cases were re manded until Monday next. Anthony Eggleton, an intelligent- looking lad of 15, elected to be summarily dealt with uL tha Water Police Court yesterday, ou a charge of hav ing, oil Anniversary Day, sloluu a gold wateli aud chain, valued at £18, the property of John blancy. residing nt Woollaln-a. Constable Staplelon de posed to (ii£ arrest of the boy on Saturday in tho bush near Wooliahra, who stated in answer to the charge tlmt lie had picked tlie wntch and claim up under n log. Prosecutor slated tlmt lie was a dairyman in Woollnhra, nnd bad packed the watch and chain when he left London 111 June last, arriving in tlie colony iu September, lie hail occasion to leave his house in G rafton-streel for 11 night, and when he returned Hie following day flic box had been broken open, Hie contents ransacked, nnd the watch and chain were missing. Biii-uclL Cohen, assisting .Samuel Cohen, pawnbroker, de posed that prisoner bad pledged "the wntcli with Uim. As it w:es alleged there was another boy im plicated in the transaction, Hie Bench remanded tbc ease until Friday next, tho lad's uncle becom ing surely for his appearance in £20. Mr. J. C. Neild, for many years the representa tive of tho Queen Insurance Companv. .Sydney, hns been appointed local manager for Hie Lion Fire Office (a now London company), possessing a most influential list of directors, a large subscribed capital, and n paid-up capital and reserve of a quarter of a million sterling. At the Water Police Court yesterday. John Bourkc was brought up under warrant, charged with having given a false (laiifiealion lo the col lector of the electoral roll for the election of mcmberd of tho Legislative Assembly for the elec torate of East Sydney. Constable Day deposed to the arrest of prisoner ,nnd the ease wns then, nt Bourkc's request, remanded for a Week, toil allowed, self in £20, nud two sureties in .ill) each. A family quarrel on Saturday last resulted 111 John Dougherty, u Corporation labourer, .residing at 15 Orwell-struot, giving his brother, James Dougherty, in charge for attempting to stab hint. Constable Boyeo staled that the knife produced wus closed when lie arrested defendant, who was slightly under Hie influence of drink. Prosecutor, . who'n placed in the box, expressed a wisli to with draw the charge, and (lie Bench discharged defendant with a enuliun. Mr. John Pender, ill. P., cliniiimmi of HieLnsleni .Extension Telegraph Company, has forwarded tlie following telegram to the Press of . Australasia " Now tlmt telegraphic communication between Australia and tlio other civilised centres of tlio world is made more certain by the duplication of tlie cable, I iiopc that tho Press will freolv use Hns great facility for briiigiiigtliecolonios, the mother country, ami Iter oilier groat and extended depen dencies into closer union and ever increasing harmony. 'Hie cable is now laid to South Africa, and I beg to thank tho Australian colonies for enabling my company lo service Hie Imperial Government at a critical juncture by allowing Hsil cable to be completed before the Austral 1. -in cable, now lmppily laid within the lime originally lixtil. The fclloW-cmployes of Mr. R. Barry, the young man who so gallantly risked Ins life 011 Sunday to save that of afellow-crcalurc, presented liim last evening with an address and medal, to show their appreciation of liis pluck and bravery. Yesterday was a busy day in tlic small dcbls division of the Central Police Court, there being 110 fewer Hum 5S eases set down for adjudication by Uie Police Magistrate, Mr."\V. Crane. Of Hie.-t, 30 were for goods sold, nine for wages, eight for rent, and board and lodging, live for money lent anil dishonoured promissory notes, and six for defa mation of character, &e.; A11 important point vns decided iu a case in winch a married woman sued for wages earned. Mr. Carroll, who appeared foi the defence, contended that a wife must sue la her husband ; but Mr. Clayton, for the dcfcuil.uif, pointed out tlmt, by a recent Act (|2 Vic., No, 11), a married woman may miimlupi an action n( her own iiainu for tlie recovery of any wages- Ills Worship upheld Mr. Clayton's urguniciit, and returned a verdict lor the plaintiff. Mr, Robert II. M f Fosts<y a well-known sohcitaj- practising at our Metropolitan courts, expired at liis resilience. Biilmain, yesterday, at the advanced ace of G2. Tlic deceased gentleman lias l>een suffering from cancer for some months past, and liis death was not unexpected. Four most serious charges — viz., rape, and three assaults with intent upon the1 persons of young children— were initiated at the Water Police Court yesterday, the complainant being Mr. Wil liam Anderson, and the defendant Mr. George Trickett, a man of advanced years. Mr. Pitcairn, who stated that he had been instrnctcd by the Crown Solicitor to conduct the prosecution, asked that, in' consequence of the nature ,of the cases, thc court might bo cleared, . and the request was acceded to. After some preliminary evidence had been taken, the further hearing of the charges was postponed, until- Friday next, at 11 a.m. The 21 hours' walking match for £50 a-sidc, between .Miss Wallace and Miss Kicliolls, was commenced at the English Circus, corner of llunter and G'nstlcroagh streets, last night, in the presence of -.between 100 and 150 spectators. At the conclusion of an hotrr's walking, the latter iiedcstriau was leading by a few yards, the distance completed up to that time being 1 miles 10 laps. A full meeting of the general eorfiiUit'teo in con nection with the complimentary picnic to Mr. ex- Mavor ltoherts ami Mrs. Roberts, will he held at the Royal Hotel, at 8 o'clock this evening. The committee and gentlemen willing to co-operate in giving a public banquet to the Foreign Commis sioners to the International Exhibition, arc invited to meet at the Town Hall at 1 p.m. this day. A public meeting in connection with the Sydney Coffee Tavern Company, will he hold in the Temper ance Hall, Pitt-street, to-night, at 8 o'clock, to explaiu the objects of the company, and to allot shares. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts takes place at 8 o'clock to-night. The following is the report of theSydney Infirmary for the week ending January 31 : — Admitted, 38 males, 12 females — total, 50 ; discharged, 30 males, 10 females— total, 49 ; died, 2 males, 2 females — total, 1 j remaining, 1-12 males, 03 females — total, 203. 