A SKELETON IN THE" CLOSET. 'BI MKS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWOETH, Author ol " The Hidden Hand,'" " The Deserted Wife," " Self-Made," ito., &o.; CHAPTER LXXVIII.-(Continued) " EaBirvr, my dear ! Not Fleming Paid ua a flying visit on Saturday, bringing oof .with, ber that -will not only acquit our . Taldimir, but will go far to convict Brandon Coyle, if that slippery young gentleman should ever* bo caught and brought to trial." ' . " Net Fleming 1 I know she is one of the witnesses for tho defence Where is she now P" " On her way to Yockley, I presume." " \t (he came here on Saturday, why did | she go back again, kuowlDg that aha must be here to-morrow, at fait heat, for the defence 1 Was it for the pleasure ot travell ing day and nlgnt all the time in th« dead of «inter I" Lord Beaudevere laughed, but immediately remembered himself and grew very grave, as he replied : " Nt», for no eccentrio enjoyment of that ?ott. She went baek to spend aa much time aa possible With her cousin, Antoinette; Deloraine, who, JSDU know, is hopeltiBBly ill." "Bac she wrote us that Antoinette was better," began Vivienne, and stopped abort being arrested by the looks of Arielle, whose face had suddenly turned as white as marble. ? " What ls the matter, my dear girl ? This certainly ia no shock to you 1 You were well aware of Misa Deloraine'* condition," said ' Lord Beaudevere, while Misa Deiparde gazed at her friend in speechless astonishment. "It-I-something that happened early this morning," answered Arielle, in a hesitat ing tone. " ' Something that happened this mom lag V " inquired Lord Beaudevere. " Yee-quite early, thia Monday morning," ; stammered Arielle. , " Nothing happened this morning," im pulsively exclaimed Vivienne. " You-wore-not up. You were-per \- haps-not awake," faltered Arielle. '* What waa it, my love P" inquired Lord Beaudevore, growing uneasy. "I -I-cannot tell you," answered Arielle. Then, to change tho subject, ehe abruptly inquired : "When do you expect Net ?" "By tho 7.30 a.m. train. I told them tc come here, as I knew that they would nol find rooms at any of the hotols in the heart of the town." \- « « Thom 1' ' they I'--whom do you mean BeaueP Who is coming'with Net?" in quiried Vivienne. " Her husband,"'replied the baron. " Oh 1" exclaimed Vivienne. "He has returned, then," commentée Arielle. And as neither of these young ladies hat been aware of any estrangement betweei the young married pair, they expressed ni surprise at the apparent reconciliation. " But, Arielle, what was it that happenoi this morning to disturb you ? What coule have happened without my knowledge ?' inquired Viviene, returning to the proviou question. " I-it was something I 'sa-w a little af tc seven o'olock thia morning," faltered th girl. «< Bat tahat ?" "I cannot tell you. You would only langi ; at me. . I am tired. I am going to bec Will you exoaee me? Good-night, Lor Beahdevere," said Arielle, rising and passin through the door between tho patient an abe bed-chamber that wae jointly occupied b bartel! and ber companion. " What is it ? What do yon Bnppoao eh ?aw ?" inquired Lord Beaudevere. ..-* Vivienne smiled and shook her head. \- " You have no idea ?" '? «None. She looked white and startle «hen I firat saw her at oar early breal fast, but, in answer to my quoations, el penistad that thora waa nothing the mattel ao I eeaaod to cateohise her, and attribute bet agitation to anxiety in regard to the tri : «nd excitement about ber journey. Beau, think I will follow her oxample and bid ye . good-nigut," asid Vivienne, riülng. . The baron arose with his old-fashioni . politeness, and opened the door lor her, at ?he patsed in to join Arielle. . The latter bad not yet retired; but ? Boon al Vivienne entered, arose and rang tl I Mk A waiter soon aniwered the call. "I expect a lady friend by the early tra \- to-morrow morning-Mrs. Adrian Flomit . ' Aa loon as ehe arrivos I with you to se someone, or to come yourself, to knock . ' our door and wake ns np. Do you hear ?" " Yea, my lady." ' " Ana mind you do not forgot it ?" "No, ny lady. Any more orders, I tody?" "Not any. Yon may go," enid Lo Arielle. The waiter bowedjhlmeell ont. "I Want Net Fleming as soon as ever i MTÍVM. flue must take off bet wraps hen she should ba in a hurry, for 1 mutt, I must, I must know about 'Antoinette Deloraine as aoon as possible," said Arielle, in feverish excitement. " You h&d; bettor go to bed,'my dear," was Vivienne's sage advice. Arielle concluded to follow it. Having no lady's-maid with them, they helped each other to undress, and they were soon lying side by side, oonrting Bleep that for a long time refused to closo their senses in oblivion. From UD-jaey slumbers they were awakened in tho morning by a load rapping at their door. Vivionno Btarted ont of bed, threw on a drcBBing-gown, tbruBt her feet into slippers, and opened the door. The waiter to whom Lady Arielle had given orders on the night crevions stood thcro, bobbing and touching his forehead. "Well, what is wanted?" inquired Vivi enne, half asleep. "If you please, ma'am, my lady direoted me to rap and let her ladyship know as soon as Mrs. Firming arrived," said the man. *. Has Mrs. Flemingeome, then ?" inquired Vivienne, robbing her eyes. "Yes m't'am, pleaso " " Then uhow her up here at once." "YBB, IOU'am," replied the mao, with another bob, as ho left the door. Immediately after him came tho chamber maid with coal and kindlings to replenish the Bmouldcrhg fire in tho grate. In tbemeantime Vivienne turned to Arielle, who was slowly waking np. 11 Net has came, dear," she whispered, bending her Hps down to Arielle's ear. V I knot/ it. I heard the man tell yon, Vivienne 1'.' exolaimed tho young lady, looking up at her friend. " Yes, diiar, what is it?" " I want yon to go into the dressing-room and dreea first. I want to meet Net alone. Will you mind?" " Not a bit, Arielle 1 I will go now," said Vivienne, gathering np her olothos and leaving thu ued-chambor. " There-that will do, my good girl. The fire is well enough. Yon may go now," said Lady Arielle, speaking to tho chambermaid. Tba young woman gathered up her coal hod, heart h-brush, and other belongings, and went out, paaBiDg Mrs. Fleming as that lady entored. "Oh, Net I Oh, Net ! Come here !" ex claimed Arielle, rising in the bod and hold ing out her arms. *' Bat I am all over railway dust. . I shall turn your white gown blaok," smiled the traveller, ns she approaouod. " Never mind ! Never mind ! I want to hug you, oomo !" exolaimed Arielle, im patiently, oxtending her hands. " How ere tho cbildrou ?" inquired Net, when the embrace was given and returned. "Oh! they were well and happy when I left them at the castle yesterday morning. But, oh! Net, are yon not halt dead with your night journey ?". " No, indeed ; we had a compartment to .ourselves, and I slept on the sofa all night. I feel' quite fresh thia morning, bot for the railway dnat," cheerfully replied the. young traveller. I ' " And you never could endure the least dust ! Yon dainty Net ! But that oan soon bo remedied. There, is a bath-room at-your service as soon as Vivienne oomea out of it." " Vivienne 1 Shoherol" cried Net. "Of course. She came with me. We could not Btay afc Miston while this trial ia golDg on horo. They tell me you oan give evidence that will be sure to acquit and vindicate Valdimir." " Yes, I can." " And now," said Arielle, dropping her voice and changing her whole manner to one of mystery-" when did you leave Deloraine Park?" * " Yesterday morning, a few minutes after aeven," answered Net. " How did you leave Antoinette ?" " Very much better." " When did you Bee her laBt?" " A few minutes after seven. She sent for me while I waa dressing to come to her room. Aa soon as I had taken a very hasty breakfast, I went. She said aha sent for me becauae she wanted me to Bee how much better she was that morning, to that I could go away in good spirits." "And thnt wao the last you saw of her?" *' Not quite. I took leave of her then, and ahe turned her face to the wall and said ?he wanted to go to sleep. I went down ?taira to thu oatriage that WBB walting for me, but Mr. Fleming had not come down, and I missed my hand-bag, and remembering that I had left it in Antoinette'* room, I went back titer it and found it on the table, I took it up, and thought I would have auother look, parhapa another word with my couain. So I went to the bed ; but she was lying quite still, and when I bent down to look at her more cloBely she seemed fast asleep. SD I crept out of the room for fear of waking her, and started on my journey." " And eho waa really better when you left her yesterday morning ?" ' " Very much better." "Thank Heavon !" fervently exolaimed Arielle. " But why do you ask all those particulars in such an anxious manner ?" inquired Net. " Oh ! I-I thought-I feared that some thing had happened to her-that she waa gone, in faot !" muttered Arielle, relapsing into her mysterious manner. " But why Bhould you haye feared that P" inquired Net, in same surprise. .. Oh, my dear, I had such a strange ex. perience yesterday morning," whispered Arielle, fixing her eyes dilated with awe upon tho face of her friend. " ' Exporiencol' Whatsort of experience?" inquired Net. ««Oh-it was-a dream-a vision-or I know not what. It terrified me fcoyond measure. If it had not been morning, and if my maid had not como into the room, I | Bhould havo jumped out of bod and rushed in upon Vivienno as I once rushed in upon you, when I was frightened by tho appari tion of Kit Ken. You know_ I did Bee Kit Ken at my bedside at midnight-at tho very hour, ns it was afterwards shown, that poor Kit had been murdered in tho railway carriage. You remember ?' Net nodded in a non-committal Bort of way. Not had never seen an apparition, and did not boliovo in thom. No amount of diroot testimony or circumstantial evi dence could have made that eminently praotical little woman boliove in sapor natural apparitions. " You do remember my BOoinB the spirit of Kit Ken, do you not ? . Tho very hour of her death, too?" "I remember tho inoident," said Net. '? Well, thun," continued Ariello, dropping her voico and dilating her great blue eyes, " liston to mo : Yesterday morning, at seven o'olook, I woke up without any one calling mo. I knew it was seven booauso I heard the dook 1 strike. It wns dark at that hour, and there I was DO light in my room except from tho wax taper on tho mantelpiooo and tho smoulder ing soa-eoal tire in the grate. It was too early to rise, and I lay there, waiting fur my maid, whom I h»d directed tu call mu at lialf past.seven, su that leonid lin ready to leave tho cBBtle fur tho'Miston Station at nine. Not, I closed my eyes and tried to Bleep agaiu ; but whilo I was lyins quito (ititi, with my oyos abut, u pale, oval-shnpod light appeared befaro mo, and as I lookod at it, or, rather, contemplated it through my eloseci eyelids, it grew brighter, until in the midst ot it stood a form, {rom which, I perceived, radiated all the light that lit up the oval frame or back-ground. Tho features came out dislincsly, and I recognised Antoinette Deloraine. I did not eorcam. I co ul rt act scream or move. Her eyes held mine though mino worn closed-her »yes held mine, I say, and oalmed me to a perfect quiOBoonce. She smiled, and muxmared low-on, so low that I do not kiow now whether I really heard ber voice or only perceived herthoughts. But ehe said : " 1 Tell «Uar Net I am well now.' " And the form vanished, and the light faded. With the return of my normal con dition came a torrible fright. I should have sprang ou*, of bed and roused the hoUBe perhaps, if just then the door bad not opened, and Dacy bad not entered. With the preeenoo of another haman being I rcoovered my Bell-oontroL Bat I felt per suaded that something had happened to Antoinette," said Arielle, shuddering. " And now you see that nothing has happened to her, notwithstanding your dream," Baid Not, uheerfully. " Ko, thank Heaven 1" replied Arielle. " At the very hour you dreamed of seeing her spirit she was calmly sleeping on her bed in ber chamber at Deloraine Park, and I left her so-" Net WBB interrupted; by a knock at the door. She herself went and opened it. " A telegram lar Mrs. Flemiug," said the voice of the waiter. ' " When did this come ?" inquired Net. "Yesterday afternoon, ma'am. It has been waiting in the office for- you ever sinoe," replied the waiter. Net closed the door and opened the tele gram. Then shu dropped down upon the noirest ohair, with a faoe blanched to marble. The telegram was aa follows : DELOKAIKE Puta, December tho -, 12 o'clock M. BR. BEEK to Mus. ADRIAN FLKMIKO, Whito Beor Inn, Yookley, Cumberland:-Miss Deloraine died nt 7.15 u.lu. "What is it? A telegram, did he Bay ? Does it relate to the witnesses for tho trial ?" inquired Arielle, stepping out of bed to join her friend. " Why, Net, you are as white as a ghost ! What is it ?" "It is-a telegram from-Antoinette's medical attendant-Dr. Bede. She is there hos been-a change," stammered Net, with quivering lips and brimming eyes. ," Antoinette has gone ! She hos changed this world for the next. It was her spirit I sawl" exclaimod Arielle, in an awe-struok tone, but with a most positive manner. Net oould not contradict her. . " You will not go back this morning ?" said Arielle. "No, it would be of no uso to har for me to go, since she is gone ; evea if I were at liberty to do BO, -which I am not. I am subpoenaed as a witness on this trial, you know," gently replied Not. . " Yes, and your evidence is of vital importance to Valdimir." " But, of course, I must return to Delor aine Bark just as soon as I am free to do BO," replied Net, struggling hard to keep back tho tears that sprang to her eyes. She had seen BO mach oi death in her short life-her father, her mother, her step father, her friends and relatives had dropped fait around har. lu truth, Net needed all her Christian faith to support her spirit needed every day to pray for faith and hope to sustain ber wounded n,nd suffering love. At thia moment Vivienne oame out of the bath-room, dressed for tho day. She greeted Net with a kiss, ascribed her pale face to the fatigue of her night's journey, and inquired how she had left An. toinette. Then they told her the truth. Vivienne was deeply shocked and grieved, though indeed she hod been for soma dayi past expeotlng to haar the ead news Whloh had junt reachfld them. The clock atrucknine and warned the three young women that they must make them selves ready to attend the oourt, whloh was to meet within an hour. Net Fleming withdraw to the roon engaged for herself, to maka her olean toilet for tho breakfast-table and later for {hi witness-stand. Vivienne want into the parlour te communicate tho newe of Antoinette's dealt to Lord Beaudevere. Halt an hour later they all met around the board in L>dy Arielle's private altting-room where the Flemings had been Invited to joli their friends at their morning meal. s " I am very glad you have come, Fleming,' said the baron, cheerfully ; " for 1 waa rathe embarrassed with the preaenco of these tW, young ladies. Not expecting to find then here, I had promised Valdimir to go wltl 7ii»> to the court, and but for your timal] arrival I should have hud to disappoint him and I should not like to have done that, '. assure you. Now, however, you can tak< charge of these girls and leave me to attsni my kinsman." " I ahall be moat happy to be useful,' replied Mr. Fleming, with a grave bow, for h waa still very much affected by the newt a Antoinette Deloraine'B departure. "You will have to get a second onrrlag« and, mind!, drive to the . Orchard- stree entranoe, were I will take you all up througl the sheriff's office to seats near the bench, conoluded the baron, aa they arose from th table. The young ladies retired to put ou thal bonnets and the gentlemen went down to as to the carriages, that they might be wei aired and comfortable-for the day waa raw, damp, cold one. A few minutes later two carriages wei drawn up before tho door. Boaue, with courtly grace, put tho thrc young ladies in one of them, and, turning said to Mr. Fleming : " You had better drivo at onco to th Guild Hall. Enter hy tho Orohard-stro< gate, as I advised you, and wait at tho rot door until I como up. I havo to go first 1 the prison ; but it is not far, and I shall ni bo moro than ten or fifteen minutes hehir you." Fleming bowed, entered tho carriage, ar scated himself bosido Not. The baron entered tho second carriage. And then both vehicles drovo out ot tl inn yard and separated, tho ono taking i way to tho prison, tho other fo the cou house. The distance to tho prison was ve short. Lord Beaudevere found, his kinsman ai tho sherill already down in the hall on tl ground floor, waiting for him. Immediately after tho morning salut tiona they all three entered tho carriage eb-ive to tho Guild, Hall. As they went on, tho boron delighted 1 young kinsman with tho news that 1 sister and his betrothed had arrived town. 