English G-cssiD. ? TrEOH 'HAKCHE6TEE WEEK^T TIMES.'H Correspondence has been going on in the papers upon clerk's grievances. Hitherto the clerks have complained of tho competition amongst themselves. Now they are venting their bitter ness of spirit upon tbe Germans, of whom tbe cry is ' Still they come,' and who by reason of their bettar education and their williuijEcss to -work for jower TVAges ure, wo are given to unaeracana, gradually obtaining nearly all the best places which, were formerly filled bj Englishmen. But there is only ono answer to thi« old Btory, and that is Ibe same which has has been repeated over and over again. That the Orcrman clerk ia as a rule better educated than his Engiish confrere, iu so far as he is generally able to speak one or two languages be sides his own, is undeniable, and that his frugal habits enable him to live on a smaller salary is equally true. And, this being eo, what do the English complainants propose- to do ? Xfe can not prevent the Germr.ns from coming to Eng land, nor can we forbid EngliEh employers to take them into service. There is only one remedy. The English clerk murket ie greatly overstocked, and parents who have nay sense are doing their cons a positive injury by bringing them up to the business, unless they have a prospect of being able to assist ? them into good positions. Until the middle classes, and tor that matter tho working classes too, get rid of the foolish and snobbish notion that manual labour is degrading, and that their sons must lie brought up to some *' genteel employment,1' the position of clerks will never be any better, 'fake, for in stance, the case of men working in any of the great London banks. For every vacancy that occurs in these places there are, as a rule, scoreE, and even hundreds of applicants, and when a young nian*bas succeeded in gutting in, he gene rally begins at a salary of £S0 a year, rising by gradatioDS to £1 50, where he etops, unless he finds espcouil favour in t'ne managerial eyes. He may be a man of exceptional ability, but the probabi lity is that amongst Eome hundreds of clerks there are many ns good as ho, and the chances are obviously against any ono individual. It ie a noto rious fact that there are in the London hanks hundreds of men past middle age who are rsceiv ing only from .£100 to ilioO a year — able men, fit to take any position in tho Ijank, but whose promotion is blocked by the rare occurrence o£ vacancies, and often by influence exerted on behalf of competitors. The probability is that all these men, had they been brought up as mechanics might have been theruuelves employers of labour row, and in independent positions, whereas the folly of parents and their own youthful vanity has placed them in positions of nothing more than genteel penury. ; The Maharajah Duleerj Singh, whose, pecuniary i! fairs were brought before Parliament at the end of . last session, is trying to raise the wind by tho sale of a portion of the game which he preserves no strictly, as his tenants know to their coit. From nn adver tisement in tho .Field it appears that his High ness desires to sell 3000 lire cock pheasants at 7s Cd each, to be delivered as soon after the 1st of October as they can be caught, and also 100 hares for coursing at 10s a piece. But although the birds and hares are not to be delivered till an indefinite time after the let proximo, this Indian ex-potentate, who is evidently a good man of business, stipulates that bo shall have the money first, eo that none of my readers need apply unless they send with the application a cheque crossed ' Coutts and Co.' Tbe spectacle of a Maharajah turned poulterer is sigcificant in the extreme. 1 shall expect to scg his Highness shortly open a stall in Leadenhall Market. The latest, and apparently the most accurate, estimate of the city companies, whose affairs are to be inquired into by a Royal ConixnisEtion, putB the. total sum down at nearly a million a year. The companies themselves return thtir annual receipts at a little over .£100,000. It will bo ex ceedingly interesting to learn whatbecomes of the odd JE900.000. The ex-EmproES Eugenie is about to leave Chisolhurst for her ohatcau of Arenenberg, in Switzerland, and it is stated that she contem plates taking her son's mmains with her. It ia be hoped that the unfortunate lady's friends will dissuade her from any such projeet. Time, which heals most things, will bring some measure of relieve for he sorrow, but not if a morbid feeling is indulged in the way suggested. The less tho Ex empress lives at Ohiselhurst tho more likely is sha to recover her health and upirits. Tim di mrn wliinli ia af.ill AnTini^wllir nmoliln 4-n account for the defeat of its friends at the general election, isogaia solacing itself with the assertion that the Liberal victory was largely due to the fact that ihe Eeform Club had three times as much money at its disposal as the Carlton. This may be trne, fcr ought I know, but I am rather surprised to find that the poiiticp.l committee of tho Eeform, or of tho Carlton either, have taken the Globe into their confidence, as they appa rently must have done, sines that, paper has such accurate information on the subject. The revival of 'The Corsioun Brothers' at the liycenm Theatre has turned out what might have been espeeied — a preat euccees; although even the suburb mounting and tiio fine acting of Mr. Irving cannot disguise what a poor play it is. The rush for seats last Saturday was something tremendous. I passed the theatre at t o'clock in tiro afternoon, and saw ladies actually sitting on camp stools outside the pit door, waiting for*ho opening at half-past 6, and-* was told that thny had been there sinoe nocr. All t.:iis week tVre has been almost as mv.cV. .vip-xnusa displayed to get ip, and I believe that 'ji-ei'y beat is booked for weeks in advance. 1 Ttie Pt:en-iry of the uieue hsu; cjst the lessee no I k,f tfcui JC2000. and' he has in addition gone to i what. 1 canuoL but call tho needless ci.travaganoo of i.utting up a maguificeut Biik velvet curtouii Jylii-jb. has cost .£1.000. The .piece, wfll .so4oub$ have a long run, not owing to its merits, bat mainly because of the sBpernatnral element in troduted into it, the experience of tho past few nights having fihovrn that people still like to have their feelings harrowed l-y melodramatic ghost Btories, 