IRISH TROUBLES. Oun, telegrams relating to Ireland con tinue to reveal a truly terrible condition of things in that unhappy and distracted country, Mr. Gladstone said not longago, in words which have already become historic, tbat ' Ireland is separated by a measurable distance only from civil war.' That dis- . lance plainly shrinks every hour; and a score of facts might be enumerated, any * one of which, if it existed anywhere else ih-a-n in TrftlnnrLwnrilf! hft inst.lv refrari\f\\(\ as the certain precursor of a bloody out break. The English Government is' show- ing a rare and, as many think, an excessive forbearance] butthe dispatch of thetwoco/ys ctelite of the British army, the Guards and he Marines, to Ireland, shows how serious* toe situation seems to the English Cabinet, The eale of arms in Dublin is said to be t»i'Tmoue,.and the authorities have assisted' in the process by throwing a large quan- j lity of discarded Snider rifles into the open market ! . What o£ier Government i ban that of Great Britain would by its -iwii act thus put arms into rebel hands ! The Land League has rapidly achieved ,, enormous influence, and has become a' real ?iiiperium ininvperio. It discharges.all the functions of government over a consider-, able portion of Ireland, and is obeyed as no despot ever was. A large deputation of landlords waited on the Lord Ldeutenant 9r\A P,Tiii»f Sef».r«tfl.TV nf Trpiand rp.p.ftntlv for the purpose of asking whether the autho rities would fulfil the first duty of a Government, and protect the lives of its loyal citizens; or whether they were to fall back on the first, law of nature and protect themselves! How cruel is the situation of a Government when its fore most citizens have to address to it an en quiry of this nature ! B .... :^jg^l^S Nevertheless there is still ample room for doubt whether any actual outbreak will occur. Irish discontent is apt to find ade quate expression in ways which are unplea sant enough, no doubt, but which stop con siderably short of civil war — in verbal treason of the hysterical sort, in private assassination, in attacks on harmless beast?, in shooting from the security of an adjacent hedge a stray landlord or two. In its fa'ercest form it is very apt to collapse like a pricked bladder at the first actual puncture of ;the bayonet. .Have we forgotten the famous 'cabbage garden' collapse, in wkjcli the '^Y pung :- Ireland' party dis appeared from the stage of history, and which, the ^-mellifluous prose of Sir Charles : GayanBVffy has yet to ethereaUse into a transaction of heroic quality ? The belief may Reasonably be cherished that ominous as are all the sign?, the Irish difficulty 'will ?vet Drove soluble without the einftndifcurH upon it 'of even that historjc 'whiff of {-rape shot' with which the first; Napoleon blew into space the ghost of the' French ,^ Reign bf Terror.* ; Meanwhile on the cloudy horizon of Irish discontent ore figure stands with something of malignly gheroic proportions. It is too soon to write Mr. ;Parnell's elegy, but there hi no doubt he will live in history. Hispei: «onal character is a main element in the problem the English Government is trying to solve; and no other figure on the. stage of British politics is just now being so 'keenly:! scanned and analysed. In many respects it is a character which inverts and ' J;afnes ^all expectations. It might be described not inaptly as a catalogue of para -doxes. This spokesman of Irish discontent - js himself but half an Irishman. He has .American bloodin his veins, and belongs to the least lovely of all the varieties of Irish d^velopment^-the Irish- American type. Beisa rich man, arid yet the confederate of political adventurers. He is a large iandowner, and yet the vehement assailant of the whole land-holding caste. He is a fanatic, and yet a precisian; a revolutionary, aDd yet a formalist; a perfect master of all ?the niceties of House of Gommonsprocedure, able to quote authorities and jsplit techni cal hairs -vith the Speaker himself, and yet a -sort of pinchbeck Cromwell, who would stride over- ail laws and traosple under foot all precedent to Teach his lend. He is a demagogue whose chief weapon is oratory; h^ is the spokesman of a race with whom oratory is a birthright, and yet Mr. Parpell himself, Jike/iJaark Antony,- is no orator. He is a speak«r of the ''high and dry'- oijder, -whose fire !s x-f the istent thooiSi anthracite softi This demagog^ue^ too^ wno reigne by tickling the ears of the crowdj is as tenaciou8and haughty as Coriolanus him- ? self, and would ' banish' his Irish rabble ; with as superb a gesture as Shakespeare's hero, if they had the temerity to , differ from him. He adopts many of O'Connell'e methods ; he differs, how ever, from' O'Connell in a thousand points, but in nothing more strikingly than in the absence of humor, and of the whole group of mental qualities of which humor is the symbol. O'Connell had a real love of Ire land; of Mr. Parnell it has been said with something more than epigrammatic point that he has ' more hatred for the : English government of Ireland than loye fpr the Irish themselves.' Mr. Parnell is at bottom, says the London Spectator, ' a fanatic of the logical French type, a fanatic with a great share of that appetite for form and minute fact which gives a fanatic power, and gives him, too, what is even more important — ample shelter for his per sonal fanaticism under cover of practical discussions, which hide from the world the grim fundamental purpose of all this seejiingly petty warfare. He is logi cal,' tenacious, arid bitter to the point of Veager acrimony. He can make of Constitutional' formulae the outworks of mostdangerous assaults on the Constitution. Incorruptible,' sittiflg apart, jealous- soli tary, with great intensity of purpose, and very narrow sympathies, his mind reminds us of some of those which Were most potent in ;ihe making of the great French Revo lution ; and in Ireland there is undoubtedly enough combustible element for a small, if not a great, revolution. What Ireland wants is a rival 'To r Mr. Parnell, of wider an4: more -generous sympathies,-: whose motive should be 'Hearty love for the Irisn, and not bilious jealousy of the English, with a temperament and heart to charm Ireland, which Mr. Parnell has never had, and- a mind apt to convince England, to which Mr. Parnell does not so much as even aspire.' Mr. Parnell's position is as paradoxical as his character, Irish cities are present ing him with their freedom ;- Irish crowds are hanging on his somewhat tedious lips as on an oracle; he is in a sense an un crowned king. Yet to the' bulk of the ; ?: English nation he is the object of an in tense and just abhorence. He will have to exchange the orator's rostrum for the criminal dock, but will probably escape the prosecution, being directed against .him. Irisji treason trials are not, to.judge from past experience, suecessf ul forms of legal procedure. But it is not difficult to fore- ? casi|Mr.'PamBU'8icareer. He will fee o.ut bidfen by wilder demagogues, or left jbrolen and useless like a^trandedship by ihe|quick ebbing tides^ of popular feeling. ; JTheVverdict of history wall probably \lbe that iiis influence was never any real peril to the empire of which he was & subject, but was a deetffend lasiiSg curse to the. very crowds to worn he is a hero and an oracle. 