CHINESE MYTfIS XXD ST0EIE3. A vrEY remarkable fact concernin»' Chinese folk-loro ia tho étrange similarity between Chinese mytha- and stories and those of Western Europe. Hore is a talo, tbo analogue oi wiiiuais found almost everywhere in Western folk-lore. The ¡seven Sleepers of Ephesus, the inédits val romance of Ogier lu Danois, and the old Gaelic legend on wbijh, thut rornmce is based, ot Oioin'a sojourn in the land ot youth, aro a few of tho miny forms whi-jb. it tiktfa.in the West. The Chinese etory is as follows :-'-Two friends wander nrn0"g the mountains culling simples. At a tail y briJg", tbj azurj oridjje, they ¡Sud on g un ci two mudens cf aiurj than earthly beauty. ' Come ac oîs tho bridge,'cry the maidens. This .Jone, tau II ie dds am ltd ou tu uro a (hemp, tue Chineeu hihhtesi.), and falbug deeply in love with their 1 he s lusse-, spend with then» in tn» Jaiper City whit ceemj tho short though blissful period of a tow diys. A: lengih tu« y are seized with a desire to vina their earthly Lowe, aaa on getting uacK Luey nan IDHI Buven generations have pissed, und tuuy have become more than centenarians.'' Tue story in given itt thc LIÚD chai cbih y¡, wini. thu dalo, A.D. CCI to 70, arid the nuincô of tho Iwo'friends ! Another equally oirourmtauLlal tala reoorda how Wang Cain, oue ol (ho patriarchs of the Tuouiut eeoc, waa unú day gatuering lire-wooa lu ibu mountains of Ku Cnow, wu eu, be entered a grullo whero BO in a ' bid niau were deei) ia a f ame of chees.' lie laid uown bia ax» and watoued them ; whereupon one of tue ula mon handed mua what looked like a duto-etuue, telling Lim to put it in bia mouth. Mo sooner had be' tasted it than he oeneod to fuel hauger und thiret. By-and-oyo ono of the players Baid, "Itis long since you 0»me here; yon should go home now.'" VVangO'iiu woui to take up bia axe, and found the bandin had mouldered into dust. UndiBuiuy d, however, ho weut home, but found tuut centuries had passed nineo bo went out woodcutting. JNO vustigu ot bis hinslolU had remaiued. Tuo end cf this tule is certainly uu-Eur. pjan ; for Won," Cuih ictrents to a cell m tho inoui tai':", sud devoting himself to religious exercise.!, ilnuliy mtaina immortality. äouietiuica tho niifcouiovoud fairy is ulinott ideutilied witn one ot the mousey tribe. Thuu a ula i witu a Viry pretty wife, travel ling near Chang- lih, was warrien, th vt bard by Jivttl u fchùu. why wie given tu womat stealing. li« bid hia wife ju.nn innc room ; but in tho fourth watch, of .tn second night tho was cairied .off,- H bought her nigh and low, hid i"~mtic du perilous adveu.turo bein,: descriood iu Ti Jlutory of the White ^Monkeiji by Kuu 'i'siug. At last ho uiuio to a Btone door i tho laeo of ii mountain. Souie .womel who wore justing ia and out, toi him hia . wild WUB there. "fief us, said they, "ten dog J, two barrels c apirita, and a quuntity of hempen ropi and wo will try to duli vcr hor for yoi After ail these thiegä hau been, provide^ thu shea came in, uni dtaok tue spirit und ute ibo uo¿a, und while he waa gorgei und holpteoa the womou bound himto th bed. They ciliod in the husband, wh found that he win au euortnou* mouUej llu straightway killed him, and set frei not his oiva wife only, but many othe women who Were . hold in captivity Talking of monkeys, we may remark t.ia they, aa woll aa men, uio Biippu.icd to hav ghosts. Aman in C.tuton, namod Lint had a yuan monkoy in his fumily fort yeard. This bpecies is EUpposed to grow t ii very large biza if it ia allowed, to thin plouty of water; and ao Ling preferred small monkey, his poi; wai kept on.ehoi w^ter allowance. ?' One day the rnbnke enatohod a cup out ot ho hand of Ling youngest eua, aud drained. it off. Th rather gave him u good whipping, when upon tho monkey sulked, refu-íod food 'and died'-in a few dayB. Soon after, hi ¿Jh ist began to'haunt tho house ; strang noises" word heard, food unacCounCubl, disappeared, und at lint a Sro broke ou Ling moved iulpanotb.tr honan, hit th ghost moved too; uud at lout he WIIB oort polled to take refugo in tho templo of th rlvo hundred wot thies. Here the ghoi did not dar') to follow him ; und not man years ago tho family might bo seen house ia the templo, everybody iu tho quarti know for whnt reason. Uliohïe whom nobody owns,;spirifs cf pot uieu ' who hud died at street oorner i.n i euch - lii.tr, are, not Unnatural!; malevolent. Tiit i* eanso opidomias, sud hav io he drireri off by firing orucksrs ;'or, ; people prefer appeasing thom, they et out plates fulL ol c.ki's, with iuvitatioiis t " tho'honourable homeless uAioste." Tc ghosts of suioides uro particularly difficult t bo appeased ; their colo aim in' lifo, (t rather in death) seems lo bo to induce o'.hoi to do os they hnvo done. If you sleep i tbs room whoro auynue handed himself c hera<-ll, you lie euro to receive duriu ..he night a pressing invitation to commi feXo d' t*. At H'ltig-choiv, by tue uort'u gat« waj a house so haunted by deraooB that i was to be bad a balgillo. A eauolar natue Ts'ai bought it, and siuoe none of his tamil would go with bim, went to sleep thor alono. He lighted a caudle, and kept wutoL At midnight a woman cumu slowly in with red silk handkerchief round her noaa saluted him, tied a rope to. a beam, and pu her neck io it. Ts'ai watohed her, but di. not ohango n musolo. She then fastened u; another rope, and * invited him to pu his head ia likuwiso. Ho laughed, aud lifriug np his foot, put that into the noose "You're wrong," said site. "Na," h< replied ; " you wore wroDg years, ago, o you'd never have done what you did." Thi ghost gave an exceeding bitter ary, bowed ti Ts'ai, and departod ; aud from that time thi house waa no more haunted. Ts'ai after ward roso to great distinction, as he de served lo do, passing all bia examinations and beooming provincial councillor. Ohosts »ro of tea introduced into Chinóse playa, and in ons furca the ghost turus the tables on hts would-be exorcist. The priest comes in with big gong, robes, mitre, etc. bub the ghoít catches hold of the gong, am? beats the devll'u tattoo oa lt, claps the mitro oo his own head, strip* the priest of his robes, «nd vows ha'U exordio hts reverence. " Oh, your Excellency," whimpers the priest, falling on his knees, "had I knonn you'd really been la the house, I'd never have come near the place. I only came to try tu earn a few - cash." Thc ghost, however, exorcises bim without mercy, aad ho has to decamp minus ht« paraphernalia. Oho>t» of gods uro not uncommon, and are often highly serviceable. A few years ago the following was gravely rt'Uted ia the Pekin Gascfie ; " When the MohBmmedann wero besieging Chaugw«i, they suddenly halted and ran aw*y. Tue faot was, they had approached the temple of T.i-p:-peh ( tod ot tho plaoet Venu»), and thera, they saw un awful villon : gods in golden mall, numerous an forest trees, and nrmnd with sword and shield, were drawn up ia battle array dong thu city wall, aud red lumps inuumtrahle lighted tboin up. The enemies' hcirto failed them, and a Budden discharge of cannon pur them to Hight." Hero ia unothor olass of superstition, which remiuda us of fcotno weira (ierman und Sclav iegonda about building a living mAn or woman into a bridge or tower, which could on no othor condition bu completed. " When tho holt- tower of Po ki i u was built," s.iys Air, tJteut, ia a papar on Chinese Jogeuda, "the lüiupoior Yuntf-lo, of tho Ming dynasty, ordered a grcutkmandarin, named Kuau-yu, to cast a bell]big enough tor euo ? a noble build ing. ll'iine uf tor. timo Kuan-y u and thc oleveroet workman ia tho country tried to cast si bell, and failed; the eas king waa I always honeycombed, and tho einpcror sud that if there true one inore future, Kuaa-yu's head tiiculd pay tho foif-it. ion K*-£IÛ-; u h-U a. ¿a!i;¿u.er, a Joïeîy gill of rixteen, named Ku-ai :..acd «bea ohe learned what was to he done, t>he went to a celebrated aetro'.ojer and asked the cauto of her father's failure. Some deaion, she waa tolj, required a mn'd#i,'3 biood lo be mixed with the met J, and unless this waa don», the next catting would be a failure like.the others. Ko-ai ut once took ber resolution. S*ne got leave from her father to be present at the catt ing- ; and amii the dead tulenco which prevailed when the tapa were drawn and the molten Btreajn poured down into the mould, a shriek w»a boord, und crying out, ' For my lather,' Ko-ai tbxdw ln-fcelf headlong imo the beuihing rueiul. One ot the workmen tried to seine ber, hut only succeedod in getting- Lol J ot' a Buoe, whicu came oil in bia baud. Tn» father h «d l'> be told backby to.co norn fo.lowiugKo-ai'o exaiupiO. Ho wm taken home a ruvtrig u.aduiau; but thu bell was perfect; in make and lone, und wbeu âti Hoi, i s Bonorous boon is to ibid diy tono wed by a lo » wa l ng found liku tue wad of a woman in Ufjouy, and «aun people btur it they say, . Tiiero'fl pear Ko-ui calling tor her shoo.'" Wüoro did those tales carao frum whioh wu, cali tho .-lr aiíurí Nights t burna tri thara, we JiuoA, tell un a oom Cuinete ump or oro und prinoasHba- Uadrrjaibouiuur, to »ii. Ol vtlicrs, Uttiaese .leseada elva us other formt,, illus." Opeu Sesame.''li .rda ile p-iíátlfcl ia the elory ol a cuve, nour w ri io ir lived a pour young iierdeui'äu, wno bora thu not, unnrusi natue ol Chang. Quo day, os. be. ff'H.s phas ing, he beard a voice tay, " Stone m door open; Mr. Kwer-ku ia poimng." The cave opened, anti the invisible epeakôi: outcrou, ana hy-snd-byu tbe Bama voice Bald,." Stone door, uuut ; air. Kwei-KU ia going." Wbere upon (he oavu oriBsd, eu thut no one oould esc v/hero tho entrance bad been. Chang ai unco determined tu sue chat was iutiJe ; io, cue day, taking caro that Mr. Kwei-ku was gune out, ne unod the furuiuta, und ut unoo gained an entrance, tininess legends uro citen unpruoliuul, BJ we need uot wun 'er lüat there is no /uni ot uuy fea.-ure inside, it. waa bimply ri vast, rumanlic caveiu. Ha cum,) out, sbnt the dour by u.-iug too proper turu oí words, und tuen tul l Um only Jiving relative, bis grandmother. Suo must needa eec it too ; but, wandering insido, they got separated, and Chuug, fancy.ng slru baJ leic first, carno out und closed tao cave's moutu. Not rindin;; bur at'home, bo rushed back, horror-Htriken, to eoek ber ; but now all his efforts to obrain an entrance failed, ibo magic words had lost, their power; and hu felt that hit grandmother must bo either starved to death or devoured by Mr. Kwei-ku. Just I then this dretded persoungo iipjjcared to him, and told bim that tho fat s lind taken his gruudiuotuer j thu cave demanded u victim. JLot him murry, and take comfort iu tho thought that his children would have power over demons. Aud so -it was j Changa eon became "tho master -ot heuvou," tho first holder (A.D. 25 is ábómt the date assigned to tho story) of au office which bus la.-ited on to thu present day. tí.ones ul lua;UO lUujOÖ nie JUU:JU uinong mutt [.OJI'II^, nur ,.>.., t ut -j ,v neting iu.Uuiua. Kuuguiing waa a sort or Ouu.eoe M.obael ijootl-; and ono day tho ßmpurur Huug-wu uud his obie! councillor, passing near hie turuu, wore BeizJu with a wish to visit it. The Umpuror riuu bi» oourtiur noro snits oi iron mail, utter the fashion of those days ; so, breaking through into the outiobamber, they read un inscription that whoever visited thea tomb should havo bis banda tied-ii prophecy iulniled by their hauus gettiug foi some time fast wedged into the p.iesuge through which tboy sqaetztd theisnelves Breaking {through .tue .second dour, the;, fuuni several . figures, toward whioh th*} hogan to be attrauted by au irresistible toroa. Full ot terror, they Aili's off their armour and lied, noiiug an moy ran out anuther insuiip. Hon, wuiuh nilly ba IOUUCIBÙ virus : " I'll strip off the skin ; 0Í whoso ventures in To open this my grave." Of oo.hfs'o tho figures wera cf loadstone, which in the legends of rnediuiml üuiopo, as well as in tho Arabian Rights and lc Cuiaeeo stoiios, was credited with verj mysterious powers. ' Wotn Confucius died, one of hiu disciples cased his cofiln in load. btoue;and thus tho Eui, eror Chin wat baffled in his ut tempt to opeu the lager'i tomb-thu workmen s pickaxes and snadei lost their heads, thu armour of the soldier, ou guard was stripped off their bodies; altogether things took euch a stiangu turn that the attempt »as givun up. Even the Juugiuent of (Solomon fiada its parallel in China, only tho, mandarin who pl ay rt Solomon orders tout tho child shall .bs taken away from both woinen, aud brought up as a government ollieial. ito judges that; tho real mother will eagerly accept sa good a chunco tor ber offspring, whilu thc wollun who only wanted tu seil tho bubo, or to use it. in begging, will clamour furies restoration. Hu tuoretoro haudj tuo |irtlo ono to the claimant, who, though with tears and tobi, had acuepted his pripbjul. The stoi y is «aid to bo historical, but wrf rimy BUi-peut teat it was dnivid from ludían or Semitic uuurces. Tnat, isjustthe dittijuUv in all lUaau ii.i'c». The my ta may 1 ii«vu travelled uantward ia th» wake of thu I' earliest carav.ini, or with the other teaching of those Nrstorian Cbrlatiaus who, psnetratad intolho hu..rt ut C .lau laug befóte tho Tartar . conrjuoita, und WQO..C influence on Buddiilam baa not yet neon adequately t,.km invo nccouut. When wo knuw more ut Chinttno literature, we nhill aeo what stork's re,.lly du date (rom pre-Christian times, sud uro therefore presumably hume.grown. Tilt thau we must be «routeur, to ba more putzled than Sobraon, »f whose judgment hera ia another more Ciineto version. A Cdttniu workmau had a vi ry; goad- looking wife, nud tbr.y luv^d each other tenderly. But whi'.o don« in China «rc often Bad du,:a ; und, moreover, hüvo somorimoa the power of taking what hum in shape they like. So a write dug took the workman's shape, «iud walked into hit house. Fortunately, bu had tuisiialouluted tbs tims; fur, juan aa he entered, the real husband returned, and the wife waa thrown into a very piteous dilamms. Walch was ber husband ah« could not for the life of her muka out. So shu did »ri a sensible Chinese «oman would- made them both go with her to thu mandarin's yurnea. But tho mandarin was just as puzzled aa tho wife_tbo two raeu wore ss exactly alike. Kortunate'y, boivev'r thuro wa-i in thu yaméa a moat convuniofH tiger, which never would tuu.'b moni but -was aouubtouied to teed on dogs. Knowing, therefore, tho villainous, wuys OE wuito dogs, tho mugistrato ordered both the e.ult atyied üuaoaiidä to bo put into tho tiger's cago. Tho tiger at ouoo -flew at and devoured tho dog, and the woman got her real hu a baud back ; and they Went oil, praising thu magistrate's wisdom. liera is tho ChiueBO Penolope. Pak-li ahi waa a restions apirit always louging tor udvuuiuro. Ho married and had a son, and tuen disuu^|oareit, and ivas away moro than thirty yeara, Hiing, meanwhile, to bo Priuau Miuidter iu a noiguboutiug stato (t.uj wau in thu days when Cnlna WAU a group uf kingdoms)., One» day his boa saw a pruuUiuatiuu signed Pftk-li-.hi, und told bia niothor, who wm reduced to be a wan donut: needle-woman. Thoy agreed to go Had sec what the likeness of name ungot meuu, and wh.n they got to tho capital of the kingdom, tho mother turned huitact uiuger, und eoraped ucipia ntuauo with tho t;¿eati man'u servants. They told her that tuuir master waa subject to ti;a of low npiritB torouga thu loss o( his family, which hu had - bean for y0.1 rs unable to Und. Bho persuaded them to lot hor try, it her songs would soothe bim, improvised a j dualling ballad, waa recognised, and they ivers happy aver alter. I 