AN OPEN VERDICT. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. CHAPTER XL TI.-A WEDDING MAKCH. Bella's niarrinao was to take place on the Jest; day of October. It had been laid down from tho . beginning that it was to bo a very quiet wedding. Thero was a newness find brightness about that B-plondid monument to thc Into Mrs. Piper in Littlo Yafford church-yard which seemed to forbid high jinks at Mr. Piper's second nuptials. " Pcoplo might talk," as Mrs. Scratcholl said, happily ignorant that people wero talking about her daughter and Mr. Piper with all their might al ready. Hardly anybody was to bo invited to tho wed ding. This was Avhat Mr. Piper and everybody olso concerned kept on Baying, yet ovory day some fresh invitation was given. Mr. Piper had a good many friends among tho manufacturing olaoses innumerable middle-aged men with red faces und expansivo waistcoats, every ono of whom was, by hi3 own showing, the oldest friends he had. These, ono hy one, woro bidden, with their wives and families, " tho more tho merrier." In no case was tho invitation premeditated, but it jamo naturally from Mr. Piper's lips when ho metan old acquain tance on 'chango, or in tho club-houso afc Great Yafford. "Never naind,|my dear," ho said, apologetically, to Bella. "They aro all carriage people. And they'll make a fine show at the church door." " But I thought wo wore going into county so ciety," said Bella. " So we are, my pet, but we aren't going to cut" old friends. There's Joe Wigzell, the jolliest fel- low I know, and making twelve thousand a year out of hat linings. Mrs. Wigzell's a.perfect lady, and there's a fine family of grown-up daughters. You ought to know tho Wigzells." "I think if you want to be in country society, you'll have to give up your Wigzells," said Bella. " They won't mix." " But they must mix," cried Mr. Piper. " I shall make it worth their whilo to mix. Such din ners as I shall givo will bring tho two classes to gether-" " Like oil and vinegar," said Bella, who was a 1 littlo out of humour with her affianced. j 'These invitations of Mr. Piper's, given at ran dom, had swelled tho wedding party into tin alarming number. Poor Mrs. Scratcholl was trou bled in mind n s to how she should seat her guests. There was a difficulty about tho tables. But Mr. Piper made light of everything. He would havo no cutting and contriving, no humblo devices of Mrs. Scratchcll's, no home-made pastry. Ho went to Great Yafford and contracted with tho princi pal confectioner of that town to supply every thing, from tho tables and decorations down to tho salt-spoons. Thc» breakfast was to bo a mag nificent banquet at a guinea a head, exclusive of wines, and Mr. Piper wns to write a cheque for everything. Thii3 arrangement pleased everybody except Bolla, whoso pride was keenly wounded by it. " You have mudo a pauper of mo among you," sho cried, angrily, to the family cirjle, on tho night before her wedding. " I had rather havo had tho quiotost, simplest breakfast that mother could havo arranged, with tho Dulcimers and Beatrix Harefield for our only visitors, than all this finory paid for by Mr. Piper." "Fiddle-sticks!" exclaimed Mr. Scratcholl. " You weren't ashamed to tn.ko his money for your wedding clothes. Why should you bo ashamed of his paying for your wedding breakfast V I hato ouch humbug." " I havo a little pride loft," said Bolla. "Very littlo, I should think," answered her father, "and what you havo doesn't become you. It's like tho peacock's feathers on tho jackdaw. You waron't boru with,it." > " Como up stairs and lot us try tho wedding bonnets," said Clomontina. " And bo kind anel nico, Bolla. ? Eecollcot it is your last night at home." " Thank God for that, at any rato !" ojaculated Bolla, piously.' Tho houso had boon transformed hy. an artificial and nlmoMt awful tidino&s.; Jilrorything.hnd beon put away. .Tho swept «nd yurniahod rooms woro Boarooly habitable. r . . _ . ' 1 ' ' l' ' : ¡ y; !.v .ii . ' ¿Mi* : . -?' " JC~"...ÍC.J ixGvec "Baw Buch discom£or.k'' orjed Mr. Sctótohell, looking discontentedly rottnd his office» .which Binellcd of soft soap, and was cleaner than ho had ever seen it in his life. His papers had all beon stowed away, ho knew not where. Valuable leases and agreements , might have been thrust into obsouro corners where they, would be forgotten. The whole process hor rified him. " You oughtn't to have touched my office," he said; " business is business." . - "I couldn't hßlp it," pleaded Mrs. Scratcholl. . " Tho men from Groat Yafford said wo must havo . a room for the gentlemen to put their hats and ' things, so I was obliged to givo them this. You ' have no idea how they order us about. And then "they asked me whero they were to put your things, 'and almost before I told thom, and while I was so "flurried I Bcaroely know what I waa saying, your popors and tin boxos wore all swept off. ."And pray whero aro they?" demanded Mr. Scratcholl, furiously. ' " I- Don't bo angry, Scratchell. I couldn't ,'holpifc. They're all sato- quito, quite safo-in tho hay-loft." *' Where tho rats aro eating the Harefield leases no doubt," said Mr. Scratcholl. " It's for a short timo, doar," said Mrs. Scratch ell, soothingly. " We'll havo everything back in .'its plaeo tho day af ter to-morrow ; and I don't i. . '.think rats like parchment." . r' Tho weddine day dawned, and to all that busy ?? ' and 'excited household tho sky seemed another 1 . f colour arid tho atmosphere of another quality than " ' tho' Skv and atmosphere of common days. Tho Scratchell girls rose with tho lark, or rather with tho dlBappoarnnco of the cockroaches in tho old kitchen, whero those black gentlemen scampered . off to thoir hole?, like Hamlet's ghost, at cock-crow. : The younger sisters were in nigh spirits. The ,'idea of an inordinately rich brother-in-law opened 4 a now hemisphere of delight. What picnics and _ carpet dances and other dissipations Bolla could .provide for thom when Bho waa mistress of Littlo Yafford Park ! To-day they woro to wear hand some dresses for tho first time in their lives ' drossos of Bolla's providing. As bridesmaids, ' they were important features in the show. Tho ' maid-of-all work was no loss excited. She too . was to wear a fine dross ; and she had tho prospect ' of unlimited flirtation with tho young men from . tho pastry-cook's. Sho brought tho girls an early cup of toa, and helped them to plait their hair. ? .;. 'Ordinary plaits would not do for to-day. ; .. . .' . !?. " I'll have mino plaited in ten, if you oan man ¡ i'-:^".'ageit, Sally," said Flora. ," And I'll har o mino In tho Grecian plait," said ./.-?.<. : Clementina. / .-'..?(? "I don't know what's tho matter with Miss .. 'Boiler," said the faithful Sally. "Ifs my belief sho has boon crying all night. Her eyoB uro os . ' red as pickled cabbage. All I can say, if tho . ' isn't fond of Mr. Piper, she ought to be. Such a free-spoken, opon-handod gentleman i" .Mr. Piper was intensely popular In tho Scratch ell household. Nobody, considered that Bella was sacrificing herself in niarryiner so charming a man. his fifty years, his puffiness, his coarse red hands, about which Nature had made a trifling mistake . and supplied thumbs in place of finurea, his \- bald head with its garnish of iron-grey bristles all these things went for nothing. Ho had won everybody's favour, except, perhaps, that of his . young bride. .... At a quarter to ll everybody was ready-Mr. . Soratcheil in an entire new suit, which circula rs stance was such a novelty to him that he felt as i if he had been changed in his sleep, like tho tin ? ker in the old story ; Mrs. Scratchell, flushed and nervous, tightly incased m a shining purple silk ' gown, which made her presenco felt as a mass of vivid colour wherever she appeared, like a new Vstained" glass window in an old church. The bridesmaids looked bright and pretty in sky-blue, . with wroafches of forgot-mo-nots round thoir white .; chip bonnets. The boys wore sleok broadolofch like thoir father's, buff waistcoats, and lavondor '- trousers. Evorything was intensely new. They nil Btood in tho hall waiting; for tho brido, and i contemplating oaoh other curiously, like stran gers. ". «'I nevor thought father could havo como out ?. : as good-looking," whispored Clementina to her . eldest brother. " I should hardly have known -him." . *' Ah!" ejaculated Herbert, "money makes all ?. the difference." "', Thoy felt as if they wero all going to bo rich ' now. It was not Bella only who wont up in tho .social Hoalo. Hor family a«oendad with hor. Kvon " the faithful domestio drudgo, Sally, rejoiced at tho ? chango in her fortunes. Tho fragments that foll to her sharo after tho family dinner would bo .daintier and moro plentiful. Hor scanty wages . - 'would be moro secure. '.. At last Bella came down, in glistening whito .apparel, clouded over with laco. That aelicato itasto which had always boen hera-tho instinctive refinement in all external things which made her . mother Bay that Bulla had been a lady from her cradle-had regulated her wedding dress. She looked as ;'puro mid aerial as ßomo palo spring .'floweret, tremulous upon its slonder stem. Her .family bowed down and worshipped her, Uko Jo seph's brethron, as represented in tho vision of the sheaves. . " God bless you, my pot !" cried her father, in i. .an unprecedented burst of affection. " It is soino ?thing . to have such a beauty as you in one's .. íáhiüy." " ' Tho groy old chancel was liko a bed of gaudy 'tulips, so varied and so brilliant woro the dresses pf.Mr. Piper's manufacturing friends, waiting im patiently to behold him at tho altar. Among all .these bright colours and startling bonnets, Beatrix Harofiold in her groy silk dross and old Brussels lace looked like a croaturo belonging to another World. . All tho manufacturing peoplo noticed hor, 'rind wanted to know who that distinguished- look ''ihc'young lady wnn, 'Mrs. Dulcimer nnd Beatrix had tho Vicarago pow all to themselves. ;V .Presently tho bride entered tho porch leaning .0*)'. hor father's arm, palo against tho whiteness o? hp«? bridle drpea. Mr. Floor, oriinsoa willi ag itation, and breathing a littlo harder than usual, . 'hurried forward to roccivo hor. Ho offorod her , \ , .. . .. .. v '. « >?? ' hts arm. Thofóur bridesmaids followed, two and 'two, the organist played a spirited march, and.tbo business of tho day began. Bolla gave tho responsos in a clear, firm littlo voice. Mr. Piper 62)oko tliem with gruff decision. Mr. Dulcimor read tho ser vico beautifully, bub Mr. Piper'o manufacturing fiiends hardly appreciated the Vicar's deliberate and imprcssivo style. They would rathor havo had tho service rattled off with modern colority, so that they might got to tho wedding breakfast. " If thero's any hot onlrics, they'll be spoilod," whispered Mrs. Wigzoll, tho hat-lining manufac turer's wifo, to Mrs. Porkman, whoso husband was in tho provision lino. " I'm beginning to fool quito faint," answered Mrs. Porkman. " Getting up BO carly and com ing so far. It's too trying for a weak constitu tion." " Did you evor soo sucha young thing ?" asked Mrs. Wigzell, indicating tho bride with a motion of hor hoad. Mrs Porkman's only answer was a profound sigh. "What can bo expected from Buchan unsuit able marriage ?"~demanded Mrs.jWigzoll, Btill in a whisper. " After suoh a sensible wifo as poor Moggie, too I" " Oh, my dear, Moggio Piper nover rose to tho lovel of her position," answered MrB. Porkman. And now all was over : and for over and ever -or at least, for the over and ever of this lower world-Ebenczor Piper and Isabella Scratcholl were made ono. Whatever tho incongruity of the union, tho thing was done. Disgrace or death only could loosen the knot. The organ crashed out its tremendous chords of tho Wedding March ; overybody looked de lighted at tho near prospect of breakfast. People crowded into tho vestry to seo Bolla and her hus band sign tho register. Thero was much kiss ing of bride and bridesmaids, while poor Mrs. Scratchell, wedged into a corner by the vestry door, wept a Bhower of hot tears over hor purple dress. " I hope sho'll be happy," she ejaculated. " Marriage is a solemn thing. God grant sho may bo happy !" And in her inmost heart tho mother prayed and feared lost all should not be well with her daugh ter in this marriage which sho as well as her hus band had strivon so hard to bring to pass. "We have dono all for tho best," she told her self, " and Mr. Piper is a kind good man." Her maternal heart thrilled with prido pro3ently at tho church door whon she saw the manufactur ing people's carriages, tho sleek well-groomed horses, thesmart liveries, tho oousequentiallcoach mon and pampered footmen. They woro a long time getting away from tho church, and thero was a good deal of fuss and somo oftenco given to punctilious minds in bringing tho carriages to the poroh. Mrs. Porkman's landau carno boforo Mrs. Wigzoll's, which was wrong, as overybody knows that hat linings rank before provieions ; and the great Mr. Timperley of tho Linseed Mills-quite tho most important porson present-was left with his aggrieved wifo and daughter till nearly the last. However, thoy all got off ultimately, and five minutes brought them to Mr. Scratohell's door. The breakfast was laid on two long tables in the common parlour j tho best parlour did duty as a reoeption-room, and for tho displny of the wed ding presents, which were exhibited on a side table-quito a dazzling array. Mr. Pipor' s friends had all sent offerings, scaly golden snakes with emerald or ruby eyes, mother-o'-pearl envelope boxes, filigree bouquet-holders, lockets, fans, per sonal finery of all kinds. To tho brido of a gen tleman in Mr. Piper's firmly established position no ono could think of offering the butter dishes and dessert knives, claret jugs and fish-carvers, which aro presented to modest young couples just sotting up in domestic business. Bella's presents woro therefore all of a strictly useless character. Beatrix gave her a sot of pearl ornaments, Mrs. Dulcimer a drossing-caBO. Tho Vicar's gift was a Bible in an exquisite antiquo binding, and a pockut edition of Shakspeare. "You need never ;bo at a loss for something worth reading while you havo thoso two books, my dear," ho told Bella when ho presented them. Tho breakfast was a success. Tho Great Yaf ford confectioner had done his duty. Thero wero perigord pies and barley-sugar temples, heca tombs of poultry and game, highly decorated hams and tongues, trilles, jellies, oroams, hot house fruit, icOT,'wafors, coil'co and liquours. To tho minds of tho young Scratcholls it was tho most wonderful foast. Thoy played havoc among all tho dishes, reckless of after-consequences. Such a banquet ns that was well worth the cost of a bilious attack. Tho wines had all como from tho Park, and wero tho choicest in Mr. Piper's oollcetion. " Thero's a flavour about that 'ock" said Mr. Porkman, smacking his lipB approvingly, " that I don't remember to havo tasted for tho lust ton years. You don't got such 'ock nowadays. Monoy won't buy it, no moro than it won't buy Madeira." " I hope you'll crack many a bottlo beforo the next ton years, Porkman," roared Mr. Piper. "It's Skloss Johnnoy'fl Borger that I bought out ol old Tom Howland's cellar after tho poor old gen tleman's death. Ho was a connysower was Tom, I've got a whole bin, and it will be your fault il you don't punish it." " And so I will, sir, for it'sroal good stuff," an swered Mr. Porkman, blinking at the palo amber wine in his green glass. Tho nowlyjmarried couple wero to spond th oh honey-moon in Italy. Coarse ns ho was in ap pearance and manners, Mr. Pipor had vague yearnings after the pleasures of relinoment. Ile wantod to soo the cities of Italy, and tho pictures and statues with which ho had boen informed thoso cities abounded. Ho had not cared to travel in tho first Mrs. Piper's time, firstly bocarteo that lady's health had been precarious, and secondly because she could not speak a word of a ny lan guage oxcept hor own. Mr. Pipe* wanted a 00111 pamon who could interpret for him, and assist him to squabble with innlceopers andjhucknoy coaohmen. Suoli a companion ho felt he could», have in Bella, and he would take aprido in exhib-\ iting his pretty young wife at tables d'hotes and public places. Ho would like to bo pointed out as a comfortable well-to- dojuian of middlo ago who had married a girl young enough to be his daughter. He was not ashamod of tho disparity. It flattered his vanity. Bella looked very pretty by-and-by in a fawn coloured travelling dress and a palo bluo bonnet. Thoro was a carriage-and-four to talc o Mr. Piper and his brido to tho railway station at Great Yaf ford. Ho had insisted upon four horsoB, though two could have done the work just as well. Tho postilions wore an imposing spectacle-smartly clad in sky-blue jackets, with satin favours pinned upon their breasts, and slightly tho worse for beer. Happily tho hired horses were of a sober and steady-going breed, or Mr. and MrB. Piper might have como to grief on tho first stago of their journoy. They wore gone, amidst tho usual shower of old slippers. The wedding guests doparted immedi ately after. There was to be no danoo-noth ing to wind up tho evening, as Clementina and all her younger sisters and brothers loudly lam ented. " I should think you'd bettor all go oil to your beds, after tho way you stuffed yourselves all through tho breakfast," said'Mr. Scratchell. " I saw you." " What was tho use of leaving things ?" de manded Herbert. " Tho pastry-cook's men -will take everything back. Thoy won't leave us a crumb for to-morrow." Herbert was right. The confectioner's minions wore already sweeping off tho fragements of tho feast,-half tongues, bodies of fowls, dilapidated pies. Mrs. Scratchell stood nnd watched them with envious eyes. Tho family might have sub sisted for a week upon those savoury remains. Tho small Scratchells prowled round tho tables, and picked littlo bits out of the plates. Those manu facturing peoplo had been delicate and wasteful in their eating. Tho broken bits wcro daintier than anything tho little Scratchells had ever tasted before " Come, cloar out !" said tho father ; " you'vo all eaton too much already." But ho thought it a hard thing that the pastry cook's mon should como down, liko locusts of Scripture, and m ak o barrenness in the land, after Mr. Piper had paid for everything. Tho house had a desolate look when tho van had driven off with all thc glass and china and tho long deal tables, tho epergno^ and artificial flowers. Bella's room looked tho droariest of thom all. It was but a poor attic at best, and now, in tho untidiness of departure, strewed all over with crumpled scraps of paper, ends of old ribbon, cast-off cuffs and collars, and worn-out shooB, it looked horrible. Tho younger sisters ex plored tho chamber, after all wnsovor, .in the faint hopo of gloaning something valunblo. " Sho hasn't loft a morsel of anything behind hor," said Clementina. " I don't think you can complain of that," said Flora. " She's given us all her o d clothes." " If she'd had a spark of generosity, she'd have givon us some of her now," answered Clonicntina. "This is to bo my room now. It's a horrid bolo. I'm suro the furniture must havo been second hand when Noah built the ark. Think of Bella with her apple-green bedroom and drossing-room at tho Park-all the furniture new. and her own choice ; and her barouche and pair, and broug ham forevonings! Doesn't it seem too ridicu lous ?" Clementina went to tho shabby little looicing glass on tho chipped mahogany chest of drawers, and submitted hor snia'l blunt features to asevero scrutiny. "I'm not particularly ugly, and I'vo Bella's complexion, which is tho host part of her," sho said; "but I don't suppose there's a Mr. Pipor growing for MG any where." " Oh yes, thoro is," anbwerodtho cheerful Flora. " Bolla will givo lots of partios, and wo shall meot with young manufacturers." " Bolla will do nothing except for her own grat ification," said Clementina. " She won't givo par tios to pleaso us." CHAPTER XLIIL-KENRICK's RETURN. In tho dull dark days of November Mr. and Mrs. Dulcimer took their ward to Southampton, thoro to await her lover'B roturn. Thoy woro to spend a weok at Cuiverhouso with Sir Konrick, and then ho was to go with them whon thoy went back to Littlo Yafford. Mrs. Dulcimer had planned it all. If Kenrick was niling still though that was not likely, Mrs. Dulcimer said, after tho sea- voyage-Rebecca could nurso him. Thoro was no beef toa liko Rebecca's, no such calves-foot jelly. Thoy wont to tho Dolphin Hotel, at Southamp ton, and Mr. Dulcimer at once descended upon tho old book-shops in tho .High Streut, like a vul ture upon carrion-very much like a vulture, sinco ho cared only for tho dead. Mrs Dulcimer toolc Bcatrix for a gentle walk, whioh meant a contem plation of all tho shop windows. Beatrix looked palo and out of spirits. " I know you aro anxious about Konrick," said Mrs. Dulcimer. Beatrix blushed. Her conscience smoto her for not hoing nnxiou3 enough about her wounded lover. Had it been Cyril thus returning, what agonies of hope and fear would havo rent her breast! But it was only Kenrick, tho man sho Lad promised, out of simple gratitudo and esteem, to marry ; and her fooling about him, ns tho hour of their mooting drownigh, was an over-increas ing dread. Tho day carno for tho arrival of tho steamer. Tho weather hud bottn favourable, late ns it wns in tho year, and thc boat cunio into tho clocks on tho very day sho wns expected. Mrs. Dnloiinor and Bon t i ix had been walking on the platform for au hour in tho afternoon, whon tho Vicar carno bustling up to thom. " Tho steamer is just comingiu," boorlee!; and fthoy all hurried off to tho docks. Thoro woro a great many pooplo, a crowd of anxious fucos, all looking toward tho open wuloc , across which, tho bip steamer wag cleaving- her steady way. ~~" ' "Who was that on the high bridge beside the captain looking shoreward through a glass P . "Kenrick," exclaimed Mr. and Mrs. Dulcimer simultaneously. Boatrix saw nothing. For a minute or so the docks and tho people, the blao bright water out side, tho green muddy water inside, the big gaily painted steamer-ovorythincr-swam before her eyes. Ho was coming, he had come, to claim tho fulfilment of her promise That weak moment in which she had yielded to an impulse of grateful foolinrr now meant life-long misery. A few minutes more and ho was standing by her side, her hand clasped in his, Mr. Dulcimer giving him hearty welcome, Mrs. Dulcimer doing all tho weeping, Beatrix dumb as a statue. "Oh, my poor dear Kenrick," cried tho Vic ar's wife, when she could find n voice, "how changed you aro-how fearfully changed !" " I've boen very ill," ho answered, quietly. " I didn't want to frighten you all, so I made rather light of it in my lotter. But I've had a narrow squeak. However, hero I am, and I don't mean to knock undemow." Tho change was startling. Tho elegant and aristocratic-looking young man they all remem bered loss than a year a go, was transformed into a feeble invalid, whoso shoulders wero bent with weakness, and across whoso cadaverous cheek there appeared tho deep cica trico of a sabre wound. There was nothing absolute'y repulsivo in Ken rick's aspect, but thero was onough to make lovo itself falter. . ' They got him into a fly and drove off to tho Dolphin, while Mr. Dulcimer staid behind to look after tho luggage. " Beatrix," said Kenrick, when they wero seated opposite each other in tho fly, " I have not heard your voico yet, and it is your voice that I havo boen hearing in my dreams every night on board tho steamer." " I am very sorry to Bee you looking so ill,',' sho answered, gently. "My boot-maker or my tailor would say aa much as that. Tell me you are glad to see me mo-even the poor wreck I am." There aro pardonable hypocrisies in this. lifo. Beatrix's eyes brimmed over with tears. Shó was deeply sorry for him, Börry that she could find.no love for him in her heart j only infinite pity. " I nm very glad you aro safe at homo," she said. " Wo have all been anxious about you." A poor welcome for a man who had lived through six months' hard fighting with brown Buddhist soldiers-whirling round him in a dia bolical dancelike the imps and demons of delir ium tremens-for tho rake of this moment. But ho could not upbraid his botrothedfor unkindness just now. Mrs. Dulcimer was there, tearful but loquacious, and ho could not opon his heart befpro Mrs. Dulcimer. After breaktasfc next morning Kenrick asked Beatrix to j o for a walk on tho platform with him. They wero to drive over to GulvcrhouBO Castle in tho afternoon. It was a dim autumnal morning, tho opposite shore veiled in mist, the water a dull brownish grey, everything placid and subdued in colour p. morning that had the calmness and Greyness .of advancing age, the dull repose which beiitB man'B closincr years. . -¡ " My dearest love, your letters have been all kindness," said Kenrick. " Thero has not been much love in them, but I suppose I have noright to complain of that. You did not promise to love me. Your letters have made rae happy. But yesterday I confess I was wounded by your reception of me. You were so cold, so silent ! I looked in vain for tho greeting I had foreshad owed. It seemed that you had come to meet me as a duty-that you wished yourself away. And then I thought perhaps tho change in me was too great -that you were horror struck at seeing so de plorable a wreck. If this was the causoj of your silence-" " It wns not," cried Beatrix, eagerly. " Pray do not imagine anything of tho kind. The chango in you makes no difference in mo. I am proud to think that you havo dono your duty-that you have been bravo and noble, and have won praise and honour. Do you suppose I do not like you better for that?" " If I thought otherwise, Beatrix-if I fanciod that you were revolted by my lantern-jaws, 'and this ugly gash across my cheeJr, I would say at once let all be at an end between us. I would give you back your freedom." " I could not accept it on such terms. Thoro is nothing revolting in your appearance. If there ytaxo-if you were maimed and scarred so as to be hardly recognizable-I would remomber that you had boen wounded in tho performance of your duty, and I would honour your wounds. No, Ken rick, boliovo me, that could not make a barrier botwf en us." " Yet there ia a barrier." Sho had not tho cruelty to answer the cold hard truth. Ho was ill and weak. Ho looked at her with eyes that seemed to imploro any deception rathor than a reality that would crush him. llo had loved her and believed in hor when tho man she loved had doubted and loft her. Ho was at least entitled to gratitude and regard. I " I have promised to bo your wife, and am go I ing to keep my promise," sho said gravely. " Then I am happy. Shall it ho soon, dear est?" "It Bhall bo when you like after the now year." ¡ "And am I to leave tho army ?" " No," she answered, quickly. " I am proud of your profession. I should bo very sorry if for my sake you were to oxehango tho careor of a soldier for tho stagnation of a country gentleman's lifo." " Thero would bo no stagnation for mo at Cul vorhouse; yet I had much rathor renniin in tho army. But is my profession to sejiaruto us P You may not Uko to go to India." " It will ho my duty to go with you." "My love, I havo no words to nay how - happy ? you have mado mo. It would have been a griot ti give up my profession, but I would havo ¡dono it without a word in obodienco to your wish." "A wife Bhould have no -wish, about serioui things, in oppositionjto her husband," answerec Beatrix. They -were at Culverhoune Castle before dusk and again the village gossips were bobbing tc Beatrix, thia time with the assurance, derived from Betty Mopson's direct assertion, that she was to be their Lady Bountiful, tho source of com fort and blessing at Christmas-tide and in all time of trouble. They spent a oalmand quiet week at the castle. Beatrix liked tho grey old buildings with their quaint mixture of ecclesiastical and domestic uses. First a castle and then an abbey, then a good old Tudor dwelling-house-that was the history of Culverhou8e. Kearick brought out old country chronicles to prove what a big place it had been £n its time ; how it had belonged to a warrior of the Culverhouse breed in the days of the first erusade ; how it had been afterward surrendered to the Church by a singing and repenting Culver house ; and how, after sequestration and malap propriation under the tyrant Harry, it had come back: by marriage to the Culverhouaes ina most miraculous way. "Tour house seems to have always been but tressed by heiresses," said Mr. Dulcimer, poring over a musty parchment that Kenrick had pro duced for his inspection. " You have been a very lucky family." ' Luckier than we have deserved, I fear," answered Kenrick, with a glance at Beatrix. They all went to Little Yafford a the end of the week, and Kenrick was established at the Vicarage, unde Btrict charge of Rebecca. That worthy woman exercised an awful tyranny over him, feeding him with jellies and soups with a3 off-hand authority as if he had been a nest of young thrushes, or a turkey in process of fattening for Christmas. He bore it all meekly, for was not Mrs. Dulcimer the beBt friend he had, since it was she who had first suggested his winning Beatrix. They were to be married early in the year. .Everybody was talking aboutit already. Ifc would bo a much more interesting marriage than Mr. Piper's second nuptials, though that event had kept the village gossips alive for full BÍX weeks. The tide of populir feeling had turned, and Beatrix now stood high in the estimation of her neighbours. Even Miss Coyney Avas silent, and contented herself with an occasional shrug of her shoulders, or a significant elevation of her pepper-and-salt eye brows. The slander had died a natural death; it had expired of inanition. Beatrix and her lover saw each other daily. Madame Leonard was dolighted ?with the wounded soldier who had fought BO well at Pegu. Everybody praised him. Even Beatrix's manner grew a shade warmer, and she began to ?feel a calm and Bober pleasure in her loTer's company-such a mild regard es ehe might have given to an elder brother with whom she had not been brought up. As Kenrick grew stronger, they rode together across the wild bleak wioiuv and the finrno winds Wnw hpn.lth and power into the soldier's lunge. Kenrick spent some of his evenings at the dull old Water House, in that pretty white paneled sitting-room that had been so long shut up. Madame Leonard petted and pampered him in her oordial little way. Beatrix wa» kind, and read or played to him according to the humour of the hour. It was a placid, happy lifo. (TO BB CONTINUED.) Retrenchment in Now Zealand has taken tho form of notifying to Postmaster Lowther, of Invercargill, who has for some years carried on the offioo gratui tously, that he is reduced 10 per cent, in aoiordanoo with a resolution of the General Assembly. A valuable bull, whioh was being shippod by tho steamer Morpeth for Sydney last weok, beoamo frightened at tho cangway, and broke I0030 from the Bailors who wero trying to got it aboard. The in furiated animal rushed up tho Market Wharf towards the railway crossing, when tho Tamworth mail train was just approaching, and ohargod at tho engine light. The buffers struok tho DUII'B head, and smashed his horns and skull and killed him immedi ately. Luokily no damago was dono to the train. There was muon excitement. The following extract is from a letter written by tho Rev. George Brown, dated Duko of York's Island, August 21, to Messrs. Cowlishaw Bros., of Sydney :- I *' I well know how Bhooked and grieved yon wili be ' when yon hear of tho cruel murder of our old friond Captain Ferguson. It was a dreadfully sudden blow to us here, as ho had left us only a few days beforo in the,full enjoyment of health and strength. And when we saw the Ripplo ontor tho port so punctual to the time given, wo woro expecting to eoe him again in a tow minutes, and got our letters, &e.;, from home. Instead of that wo had to mourn hie loss-to look on tho blood- stained cabin where he had lived so long, to hoar tho Bad story of his death, and to dre8stho dreadfnl gaping wounds of tho poor fellows who had fought so well. I shall never forgot that dreadfully exoiting day. I suppose I Bhall again got into hot wator with somo of those firoaido critics who, from their snug and comfortable quarters, can criticise BO well, and BO complacently oondomn tho aotionB ot mon placed in eiroumatancoB about which thoy know nothing at all. I know that it would bo bost for mo to put my papor in the fire and let tho thing co by ; but 'tia boat in too long ran to havo a coar conscience-to do what ia right, and bravo tho oonsoquonoos. I havo written carefully, and havo not said all I think and fool. Borne of tho . good poonlo ' in Sydnoy and olaowhoro who seem to koop all thoir Bympathy for thn ' poor Bavaao,' and have none at allfortho 'bad whito man,' couldn't nndorslnnd it, and would not apprcoiato it. 'Tia very fortunato indeed for all that tho commo dore is BO Boon to visit ns. Wo expoct him hero in a week from this. Tho Oontliet is boro waiting for him. Captain Izat aaid to mo tho other day, ' I hope you will talk aa plainly to tho Comrnodoro as you do to mo about these thingB.' I said. 'That I will moat oortainly do if ho comos.' It is too bad that year after yoar valuablo lives should bo lost and property doetroyod when it might eo easily bo stopped," 