THE MANDURANG ELECTION. Some very interesting information in con nection with tho Mandurang election is furnished by a table published by our Eaglehawk contemporary in its issue of Saturday last. The table shows the votes polled at each of the polling places in the electorate, the number of voters in each division, the number of those who exercised the franchise in each division, and the number of those who failed or neglected to do so. The extraordinary degree of apathy which is shown to have existed amongst a large proportion of the electors in regard to the contest must provoke considerable sur- prise among persons possessing a correct appreciation of the importance of the issue which was involved in the recent political struggle ; but after the disclosures made by the statement in ques- tion there is no longer need to speculate as to the cause of Mr Casey's defeat. It appears that out of the 9,023 persons whose names are 0n the rolls only 4,844 recorded their votes, the remaining 4,170 electors, or about 300 less than half the total number, taking 110 part in tho election whatever. I11 the Axcdalo division, where there aro 223 voters, only 112 voted, almost the same number, 111, evincing not the slightest interest in tho matter. In the Bridgewater division, still greater apathy was shown, for here only 300 out of S10 electors voted, leaving 510, or consider ably more than half, who did not exercise tho privilege of the franchise. At Eagle hawk, which proved to be the strong hold of tho Barry party, a vory fair vote was given, only 252 out of the 1,297 electors failing to vote. It was in the country districts where Mr. Oasey oxpocted to poll best, but in almost every agricultural division in the electorate the same indiffer ence, or over-conlidence it may be, appears to havo prevailed. In Colmna, out of 314 names 011 the roll only 142 voted ; at Elmore the proportion was 191 out of 350, and at Goornong 279 out of 502. At Kerang, where it was expected that .Mr. Casey would poll well, there were only 200 voters against 280 non-voters, and at Laaneeoorio, out of 910 persons whose names appear 011 the roll, 428, or not far short of half, failed to vote. In tho Mandurang division the voters numbered 204 and the non-voters 130, and in the Marong division 559 persons voted whilst 500 refrained from exercising the privilege. At Mitiamo only 151 persons recorded their votes, and 170 neglected to do so. At Munica only 1GS went to the booths out of the 277 persons; who were entitled to a voice in the election; at Rochester 174 out of 301 persons went to tho poll; at Strath fieldsaye 136 out of 227, and at Tandara only 99 out of 222. In the Terricks division there are 451' electors, but 241 of these, or more than half, did not vote. In the Torrumbarry division, on the roll for which there are 328 names, 190 failed to vote; at Wharparilla, 011I3- 90 persons voted out of 245; and at Durham Ox, only 92 out of 289. In reflecting upon the remarkably unsatisfactory disclosures mado in the state ment under notice, it will, of course, not bo forgotten that in the agricultural divisions the population is very scattered, that voters in many cases havo to travel long distances to reach the polling- booths, and that moreover, in consequence of the heavy rains which fell on the day prior to the elections, and during the morning of the polling day itself, a great portion of the country was submerged. But none of these circum stances surely is sufficient to account for the surprising and serious deficiency shown between tho number of persons entitled to vote and the number who availed themselves of the privilege. It is of course impossible to accurately determine what might have been the result of the election if a reason- able proportion of the electors had gone to the poll, but there are at least fairgrounds for believing that the difference would have gone in Mr. Casey's favor, seeing that it was prin cipally in localities where his supporters were considered to be most numerous that the chief deficiencies are shown. At all events, tlie 2a ct of such a large number of votes re maining unpolled is neither satisfactory nor creditable to the constituency. At a time when political excitement ran so high amongst all classes, and 011 the occasion of a contest in which the . interests of the fanners wero so closely concerned, as in the late elactions, it can hardly have been that tho electors refrained from voting from simple indifference as to the result. A more feasible supposition is that the circum stance arosb from the long distances many of the electors would hayp had to travel, over bad roads, to reach the polling booths. Complaint. has frequently in the past been made in regard to this matter, and some of the branches of the Farmers' Union evinced a disposition to deal with it a little while before the elections, but it is evident some- thing more requires to be done if the electors generally are to be enabled to exercise a voice in the choice of their representatives. Cablegrams. — A little dilhculty has arisen between France and Russia, our cablegrams in form oa, owing to the former Government having refused to extradite a mau who is charged by the Russia Government with having been implicated in the recent attempt to blow up the Winter Palace. The Government have deported the person iu question to England, By the bursting of a large Armstrong gun on board the Italian Government's double turret ironclad Dnilio, ten of the crew were seriously wounded, and the'turret of the vessel was also consider ably damaged. The E.M.S. Cuzco sailed from Plymouth for Australia on the Gth instant. The wool market continues firm. The Schools' Exhibition Trip.—The fol- lowing letter from the Education Department was received yesterday by Mr. John Rae, secre tary of tho Teachers Association, in reference to the schools' trip to the Melbourne Juvenile 'Exhibition!—" In reply to yout' letter of the 27th February, I have the honor to inform you that the ISth- and 19th instant havo been granted as special holidays to enable the schools in the Sandhurst district to visit the Melbourne Juvenile Exhibition on thoso days, it being understood that tho application is made with the consent of th« Board of Advice." It should al^o be stated that Mr. M'lutyre, M.L.A., is in 'Communication with the Minister of Railways svitli respect to tho granting of traius for two day3, and it,is hoped that the concession asked for will bo granted, Aa official reply is ex pected to- day. lo Correspondents.—We havo received a letter from a corresponded at tho Whito Hills, who writes regarding the lato Berry Ministry. We agree with our correspondent in thinking that there is 110 necessity to " throw water on drowned rats," and therefore we do not publish his letter. The Australian Eleven v. Fifteen of > ic toiii.v.—The return match between the Aus tralian Eleven and Fifteen of Victoria was con cluded yesterday, the result being that tho Eleven were again defeated. In their Becond innings which was commenced on Saturday, they made only G6 runs, mailing their total for the two innings 2GS. This left tho Fifteen, who made 16G iu their first innings, only 104 to got to win, and they scorcd this number with a wicket still to fall. Tin: Ministerial Elections.—Tho writs for the Ministerial elections woro issued by His Excellency tho Governor yesterday. Nomina tions are to be made beforo tho 13th instant, and the polling day is fixed for the 19th. The writs are made returnable for the 27th. So far as is known no arrangements have yet been made to oppose any of tho Ministers. Tho Eolmoa correspondent of the Age says however, that tho ro-electiou of Mr. Gillies will be strongly opposed. Mr. Spencor and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen have been mentioned as likely to eomo forward in the Liberal iutorest. Tub Ghost Laid.—A paragraph appoared in our Saturday's issue to tho effect that sovoral persons residing iu the vicinity of Spring Gully had recently had their nervous susceptibilities disturbed owing to a ghostly visitant appearing in the locality. It appears that the practical joking has been carried on by some woodcarters, who each iu turn assumed tho role of the ghost, and frequented tho spot where it was seen. They afterwards used to adjourn to tho Junction Hotel, where they would drink success to their absurd scheming. Mounted-constable Maguire, of Strathtleldsaye, visited the locality on Satur day evening, and found three of tho wood carters in question conducting themselves in an improper manner at tho hotel named, and ho arrested them on a charge of insulting behavior. Their names arc J. Cairns, M. Callinan, and W. Fleweu. They wero brought before tho bench yesterday and remauded for a week, bail boing allowud each of them in ouo surety of £10. Stealing Fruit.—The boy Bonjamin Fitz- gerald was brought before the bench yesterday for stealing grapes from the garden of Mr. F. llnfer, of Grassy Flat. After listening to tho evidence of the prosecutor the bench considered the case for several minutes. Mr. Webster, l'.M., said no more fines would bo inflicted for fruit stealiug, as it was evident eomo moro effective mode of punishment would have to bo adopted to check this class of offence, and tho defendant, who was only 12 years old, was thcreforo sentenced to threo days' imprison ment. Obscemb Language,—Two boys named Charles Schraider and J. McGregor wore dealt with very soverely by the bench at tho Police Court yestorday, for making uso of obscene language. Tho lads were not above 15 years old, and tho language complained of was dis gusting in the extreme. It seems that a number of boys arc in the habit of congregating in tho main street at Kangaroo-Hat, where they cause considerable annoyance to tho residents owing to the noise they create, and tho filthy nature of their conversations. On Sunday night com plaint was made to Mounted-constable Saius bury, as the nuisanco had gone beyond all en durance. He succeeded iu arresting tho two youths named, who were in company with several other boys. Tho bench fined each of the defendants £2, with 3s. coats or 14 days' imprisonment, and advised tho police to summon the other offenders. Fire Brigade Gala and Regatta.—Tho grand illuminated gala and regatta which is to ho held in the Upper Reserve on Wodnesday evening, the 17th instant, in aid of the No. 1 and City Brigades promises to be a very success full affair. A very liue programme has been prepared for the occasion, including yacht and boat racing, duck hunt, etc, (in the largo dam), firemen's racing, tug of war, wheelbarrow racing, a balloon ascent, etc. Soveral bands will be iu attendance, and the ground will in the evening be brilliantly illuminated by lights of various descriptions. Prior to tho commence ment of the gala there will be a grand torch light procession of tho bands and various brigades. Elsewhere the committea ask for teuders for the rights at the gala to the various booths and stalls, with respect to which parti culars can bo obtained from tho secretary, at the Mizentop Hotel, Williamson-street. The tenders will close at seven p.m. on Friday next. Tim Huntly Council Meetings.—Thero exists a difference of opinion in tho Huutly Council as to the place at which that body should hold their meetings. Yesterday it was moved by Cr. Eastmau (of Goornong) that tho resolution o£ the Council appointing Huutly as the place of meeting should bo rescinded, and that for the future the Council should meet alternately at Huutly and Goornong. This was seconded by Cr. Nicholas, and a uegativo amendment was moved by Cr. Tootell and seconded by Cr. Ruediu. A discussion fol lowed, each side arguing that the placo of thoir choice was the most suitable. On tho president risiug, however, in support of the amendment, Crs. Nicholas and Eastman felt so displeased at the opposition to the motion that they left the table. The Council was then left without a quorum, and tho matter of course dropped. Subsequently Cr. Eastman re-entored the Council-chamber and resumed his seat at tho table, so that the accounts might bo passed and the cheques signed. Tho matter, it is believed, will be brought up again. Board of Advice Elections.—A vacancy having occurred in tho Eaglehawk Board of Advice for. one member, and Messrs.-Edward Morris and John Joseph Hall haring been nominated, a poll will bo taken at tho Town Hall, Eaglehawk, and at Mr. Roper's, Cali fornia Gully Stato school, on Thursday, the 18th inst., the poll to be opened at nino a.m. and close at four p.m. In tho Marong Board of Advice, north-west riding, four vacancies have occured, and consequently an election to fill tho vaoaucies will tako placo on the 23rd instant. The 16th instant has been fixed as the day of nomination, and nomination papers must be handed in prior to four p.m. on tho 15th instant. Huni'ly Shire Rate.—At tho adjourned monthly nieetiug of tho Huutly Council yester day a rate of la. in the £ was struck on the rateable property of the shire. The assessment amounted to £32,009, which would make the rate £1,000 9s. A Lvjoky Hit.—Wo hear that a gentleman in Sandhurst, who is engaged in the timber trade, succeeded in hitting-tho double, Aspen and Simpleton, for tho Newmarket Handicap and Steeplechase, run at tho Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C. on Saturday last, and won £500 from a local bookmaker. The Weather.—The warm weather still con tinues. During the whole of yesterday tho sun shone out fiercely, and the existence of a fitful breeze had but very little effect in lessening the temperature of tho atmosphere, which was very high. Towards night tho sky became clouded, but tho appearances did not denoto an immediate downfall of rain. Tho ther mometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, as follows::—9 a.m., 04'; 12 a.m., 79°; 3 p.m., 85°; G p.m., 77°; maxi mum, 8S°; minimum, 51°, Barometer—9 a.m., 29.320; G p.m., 29.280. " Arrah-na-Pogue."—There was a decided improvement in the attendance at tho Royal Princess Theatre last night, when Miss Marian Willis's New Zealand Combination madetheir second appearance. Tho piece chosen for their performance was the thrilling Irish drama, " Arrah-na-Pogue," aud in this, as in the "Shaughraun" on Saturday evening, tho com pany were perfectly at homo, and acquitted themselves admirably. Miss Marian Willis made her first appearance in the role of Arrah-na Pogue, and made herself a great favorite through her unaffected and natural acting. Mr, O'Neill as Shaun the Post, had a difficult character to undertako, aud the performance was a very excellent one. Ab Michael Feoney, the villain of the piece, Mr. Keogh played, tho part ex ceedingly well. Mr. Medus sustained tho character of "Tho O'Grady" well, as did also Mr. Flynu that of Beamish M'Caul, Miss Saunders acted the part of Fanny Power very nicely, and tho various other characters received full justico also. Two incidental songs were very well received, viz., "Tho wearing of the green," by Mr. O'Neill, and "Erin my country," by Miss Saunders. TliiB evening "The Shaughraun" will bo repeated. Chiarini's Circus.—This magnificent oircus will, after a long absenco and a sojourn through many countries, re-appear in Sandhurst to-day. Those who attended tho circus on the occasion of its last visit to this city will well remember the magnificence of all its arrangements, and also of the company $pd horses, which far excelled any other troupe which hivvo ever visited this city. It appears that since then the spirited proprietor has still further added to the great attractiveness of tho show, by the addition of mauy more animals and a host of new talent. An idea of t'ne magnitude of tho whole affair may be formed from the faot that a speoial train of no less than twenty-eight; ■ oars; had to be employed to convey them to Sand hurst. Out of the number forming the com pany, no less than twenty are described as being' star artists, besides which are. four clowns. Amongst tha animals, and iu addition to the spleudid stud of horans, areiv den of perform; ing Bengal tigfrs, a performing bison';.' nuanooa, zebras, dogs, etc. The circus will bo only here to-day and to- niorrmv, On each day two per. formanccs will be given, viz., at two o'clock p.m. and at eight o'clock p.m. The pavilion" will be pitched, in the lower reserve,.opposite the entrance facing Bull-street. Rehearsal. —Instrumentalists) and vocalists willing to assist • the 'Forest- streot Wesleyan choir in rendering Hayden's " Creation" on Good Friday night are- cordially invited to attend tho rohearsal to-night in tho orchestra, VISIT TO THE JUVENILE EXHIBITION.—We are requested by Mr. Wenborn (the correspon dent of tho board of advice) to state that he will wait on tho head teachers of each school this (Tuesday) morning, to receive amounts of the tickets sold, and adjust the number of railway passes required. MINISTERIAL VISIT TO ECHUCA.—The Hon. Duncan Gillies arrived here from Melbourne by the first train yesterday morning, en route for Echuca, taking his departure by the next train. Mr. Gillies was accompanied by Mr. J. G. Duffy, Minister of Lands, who, however, did not proceed on to Echuca. NO. 1 S.V.F. B.—The monthly meeting of this brigado was held on Friday evening last; Capt. Simmons in the chair. The officers' re ports wero read and received. A letter was reftd from tho Easter Fair Committee, request ing tho brigade's assistance on Easter Monday. Received, and rsquest granted. An apology from an ex-member of the City Brigade, re the late fracas, was read and accepted. Several Binall accounts were passed for payment. The meeting then adjourned. MARONG INDUSTRY.—Our Marong corre- spondent informs us that the young competitors, Messrs. Perkinson, Willis, and Meikle, who secured prizes at the Melbourne Juvenile Ex hibition, were the apprentices of Mr. Jno. Leslie, of the Marong ironworks. HIBERNIAN SPORTS.—A meeting of the sports committee of tho Hibernian Society was held last eveuiug, for the purpose of accepting tenders in connection with tho demonstration which takes place on the 17th iust. Mr. P. Finu occupied tho chair. The following are tho successful tenderers: — Catering for ball, J. Haynes; Fencing, etc,, A. Patterson; band for proccssion and sports, J. Graham ; tivo publicans' booths, T. Hogan; fruit, J. Shepard. Two members were appointed to engage a string band for the ball, and the meeting con- cluded. VACANCY IN THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.— The Herald says: — Mr. Cuthbert, having accepted tlio office of Commissioner of Trade and Customs; a vacancy has occurred in the representation of tho South-Western Province, tho writ for whioh will be issued by tho President of tho Legislative Council towards the end of tho week. It is understood that no opposition to Mr. Cuthbert will be offered. MAJOR SMITH.—We (Courier) regret to say that Major Smith has been extremely ill during the last few days with pleurisy, caused no doubt by his activity during the general elec- tion, but we are glad to be able to add that since Saturday evening his health has exhibited decided strides towards improvement. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE COMMITTEE. — This committee held their usual monthly mooting last evoning. Present — Messrs. Dyason (in the chair), Whitessdo, Harcourt, Mollitt, Jones, Coope, Anderson, Hosting, The fitianco report was as follows:—Subscriptions for February, £41 17a. Gd.; advertisements for catalogue, £14 10s.; rent and intorest, School of Mines, £17. Total, £103 7s. Gd.; received. The library committee reported the receipt of a parcel of booka from tho London agent, including a fac simile copy of tho original edition of vEsop's Fables. It was considered highly advisablo to take advantage of tho frequent deliveries by tho fortnightly mail service. The committee deeply regretted tho death under a very peculiar circumstauce of tho Sunday attendant. Tho polico were conducting an inquiry before tho coroner which had been adjourned. The ad ditional insurances on tho premises and stock had been effeoted at lowor rates than any hitherto obtained. Mr. Anderson moved that tenders should bo called for a fence it! the front of tho institute, in accordance with tho plans al ready adopted, Mr. Mollitt seconded the motion, which was carried. Tenders were made returnable in threo weeks at a snecial meeting of tho committee. The building com mittee wore instructed to report at next meeting on tho matter of improving the ground at the back of the institution. Accounts were passed as follows •'—Salaries, London Agent, Gas Com pany, insurances, Victorian Review. Mackay and Co., Mullen, potty cash, Carss. Total, £S1 3s. 2d, The committeo then adjourned. Eaglehawk Public Library.—The usual monthly meeting was held on Saturday evoning, when thoro wero preaont—Messrs. Hay Ivirk wood (president), \V. Burnside, Neil Walker, W. Toil, J. F. Williams, E. C. Brown, R, Loalie, C. Spier, Wm. Williams, J. McKeand, and H. J. Engell. The librarian's report was received. Accounts were passed for payment to tho amount of £7 13s. 5d. A letter was read from the Loyal Catherine Lodge, No. 4,935, M.U.I.O.O.F., Eaglehawk, stating that the lodge had resolved to get up a benelit entertain ment for Miss Alvina Holtzmau, and as tho young lady had giveu her services in aid of tile concert for the benefit of tho Eaglehawk Public Library, they hoped that the committeo would I lend their aid in making tho affair a success. Tho lotter was received; and, on tho motion of | Mr. Burnside, a committee, consisting of the chairman and Messrs. J. F. Williams, Brown, Spier, Leslie, and W. Williams, were appointed to act in conjunction with tho lodge in getting up tho entertainment. The President, Mr. Tol hurst, and Mr, F. Ellis, wero appointed to sigu choques for tho ensuing year. The president brought under the notice of tho committee the fact that sinco their last meeting a letter had beeu writton to the Borough Council, which reflected vory much ou tho librarian and him self, iu reference to tho opening of the library doors at one of the late political meetings ; this letter was written by the secretary of the Roform League, Eaglehawk, at tho instanco of tho president ho presumed, and a more untruth ful letter ho bad never seen. Ho desired tho committeo to take some action iu tho matter. He, as president, entirely exonerated the librarian from the charges levelled against him in the letter, and as for himself, ho had only given Mr. Abbott tho saino instructions as on all other similar occasions, which ho carried out in the interests of the library. It was moved by Mr. Spier, and seconded by J. F. Williams, "That tho committeo exonerate tho president and the librarian from all blame in connexion with the late meetings held in the Town Hall, aa complained of by letter from the Reform Leaguo." The motion was carried unanimously, and tho meeting adjourned. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL—An inmate of the hospital named James Boyd, aged 61, died yes terday from apoplexy. He was admitted on the 18th February. Bank Holidays.—Wednesday, 10th instant, and Weduesday, 17th instant, have been ap pointed bauk holidays at Elmore aud Tatura re spectively. Victoiuan- Ajiateor Turf Club,—The entries for the meeting to be held on the Caul field racecourse, under the auspices of tho above cliib, on the 17th April, were made yesterday. For tho Hurdle Race 23 horses are entered; Open Steoplechase, 12; Caulfield Cup, 2G; Welter Steeplechase, 7 ; Selling Stakes, 12. New Insolvents.—Henry Charles Bradford, of Runnymede, farmer. Liabilities, £331 19s. 6d;; assets, £398 8s.; surplus, £66 8s. 6d. Causes : Failure of crops, and death of cattle. Attorney, Mr. Henry Wrixon; assignee, Mr. John Hasker. Meeting under sec. 53 on Wed nesday, the 17th instant, at 11.30 a.m. Anton Johanson, of Anstruther-Btrcet, bookbinder. Causes of insolvency—losses by fire and depres sion in trade. Liabilities, £141 13s. 11d. assets, £G0 17s. Gd. ; delicienoy, £80 16s. 5d Mr. James Shackell, official assignee. Mr. P. H. G. P. S. Conaut, attorney. Meeting of creditors on Thursday, 18th March, at 11 a.m. Licensing Court.—Tho following transfers of licences were granted yesterday by Mr. Webster, P.M. :—John Hasker, official assignee, to Charles Medcalf, Telegraph Hotel, Serpentine Charles Medcalf to Charles Meclcalf, junr., Telegraph Hotel, Serpentine; C. Bolt to Susan Rogers, Princess Alice Hotel, Quarry Hill. The application of James Time well for a trans fer of the license of the Surrey Hotel, Huntlv, from Joshua Chivers, was adjourned for a fort night. Robert Dick was granted a temporary liceneo for the Elmore Races to- morrow (Wed nesday). Michael JBarnett, of McCrae-street, was granted a pawnbroker's license. DEATH IN THE ASYLUM.—The superintendent of the Bendigo Benevolent Asylum reports the decease of Isabella Warden, aged 80, native of Scotland, on 6th March, from chronic disease of the brain and paralysis ; admitted 4th April, 1879; arrived in the colony in 1857, per Caatilian, from Birkenhead, State of Her Majesty's Gaol.—The follow ing is the state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Sandhurst, for tho week ending 6th March' 1880:—Last return, 45 males; 19 females. Since received, 10 males; 4 females; total, 55 males, 23\. females. Since discharged, 17 males, 5 females. Total now in, 38 males; 18 females. Classified as follows:—Trial, 7 males; 0 female. Remanded, 4 males; 2 females. Default of fines, etc., 5 male's," 1 female. Default' of sureties! 3 male's; ;0 female. Impriabumeiit, 8 males, 3 females. Hard'labor, 9 males, 11 females. Death, males, 2; 1 female. Butchers' Meat.—The Melbourne orres pondent ef tho Qeelong Advertiser aavs;—Our butchers are -now oxposed to "a wholesome competition in the flesh trade, A large convey ance, somewhat like an omuibus in appearance, convoys meat, aud sells it in carcase or in joint, from door to door in the suburbs, at prices which throw even the meat market into the shade. Tho new. system is highly esteemed by householders, and might be profitably imitated in large towus. At a full meeting of Mr. Bent's committeo on Saturday evening, it was decided that the lion, member's expenses in connection with the reoent aontest at Brighton should bo paid by his supporters, as it was considered that the oppo sition to him was frivolous and vexatious. ■The hon. treasurer of the Bendigo Benevolent Asylum (Mr. M. Tolmie, National Bank) with [ thaliks, acknowledges receipt of £3 3s, from Mr. R. (Grieve, _Eaglehawk; and £1 Is from Mr. Abraham Simmoads, Sebastian'; in aid of the funds of1 tho institute. The superintendent further acknowledges receipt of the usual file of "Lloyd's Weekly" for tho use of the inmates, from Mr, W, S. Pulford, 