ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. The weather during the past fortnight has been highly favourable for oat-door sports of all descriptions, and ' Glorious Goodwood,' at v\rA«0n+ in fnll awirvcr ia Kaffir mrripfi nn nneler tbe moat favourable circumstances as far as climatic influences are concerned. Before going into details of the fortnight's racing it may be as well to touch upon tbe Bend Or case, which now happily for »11 concerned is de finitely settled. Once the Jockey Club bad made up its mind to act the dispute w&s; speedily ended. Evidence was called on both sides, and after all the persons who were ia * position to speak with authority as to tbe identity of the two colts bad been examined, the Stewards— Hod. James Lowther, Lori Oalthorpe, and Mr. W. G. Craven— quickly announced their com* plete belief in the winner of this year's Derby being Bend Or, by Doncaster, out of Koago F.ose, by Eiving the following decision : — ' We, as Stewards of Eptom, unanimously decide that tbe chesnut colt, Bend Or, which came in first for the Derby of 1880. is by Doncasttr out of Kourjge Kose, and therefore the objection lodged by Messrs. Brewer and Blanton is ?verruled.' Tbe ' Besc Or scare,' as before stated, caused a great p- csation in turf circles ; ia fact, nothing else was talked of for some .time afrer tbe discharged stud groom unbosomed himself to the owners of Robert tbe Devil, and though; of roursr, bets on. tbe Derby could not- be influenced by . the result, both bookmakers s.nd backeis were in a quandary aa tu bow to act with regard to the St. Leger. The confidence in tbeir ability to prove tneir caso waa very marktd on loth aides when tbe objec tion was nrsi made, but the various chops and changes as matters progressed was moat perplex ing, and so evenly did the evidence — to out siders—seem balanced, that very few would bave been surprised had the verdict been tbe other way. However, tbe matter ia finally set tled now, acd Bend Or and Robert the Devil are once more running a close race for favouritism for the St. Leger, though at the time of writing Bend Or— on the nrsi blush of the decision in his favour — has the c&il; at about 3 to 1, while Kobert is at fours— the Iatter'a decline being attributable to his flukey defeat by Oipolata at tbe July meeting. Tbe Leger this year promises to be the mast interesting decided for many years. Besides the two cracks, there are a camber of good-class three-year-olds, such as Mask, The Abbott, Teviotdale, Zealot, Man carter, and Cipol&ta; in the field, and it will be a great betting rare. Of the meetings which have been decided since Liverpool I may begin with tbe Kempton Park July, on the 15th and ICtb of July. The Kemptoa Park Grand TwoTear Old Stakes of 500 sots, was won by a filly, by FavoDiua out of Adrastia, which started favourite. Angelina, who promised great things early in the season, ran third ; bnt she .appears to be a non-stayer, and is m- likely to be dangerous in any of the classic i-i.j next ^ ear. At Manchester the Mid summer Handicap of 500 sots, did not call forth much competition, and Essayes, a colt by Albert Victor, out of Elf knot, carrying 7 st. 10 lb., best feven moderates, of whom the Liverpool Cop fancy Licorice: started fi-st favourite. The July Handicap, another rich added - money prize, brought out eleven runner s, and Blan ton's Costa (6 st 13 lb.) started at 4 to 1 ; bat the outsider of the party Plaiaante, a six-year-old mare by Cymbal, carrying 7 st 1 lb., wan easily by four lengths. Flaisante belongs to Lord EUes ruere, a patron of the Heath House Stable, who owned that brilliant little Gap- horse Hampton. Sandown Fork again occupied the attention of the racing world on tbe 22nd and 23rd. Though a gate money meeting, these fixtures at San down are highly popular, thanks to the libe rality displayed by the management in en dowing tbeir stakes, and though on this occasion tbe beat hoises in training were in waiting for Goodwood, the fields were large, aud the sport very good indeed. Lord Felcnouth evidently maCe a mistake when be allowed Mr. Vyner to persuade him to dispose of the roaring Two Thousand winner Oharibert. The horse went from bad to worse after his sensational wia over tbe Rowley Mile, and was looked upon us wortb lt as last back end, but the winter's rest his re stored his powers ; and, moreover, he now runs consistently, which he did not do as a youngster. At the present time he may be fairly clusedthe pmattest horse in England over short coarse), though, perhaps, with Trappiat and Ecouais oat of training, and Ilickthorpe degeneratiBg, the quality of our flyers is hardly as high as io the dajs when Prince Charlie, Vulcan, Blenheim, Lowlander, Thunder, Trappist, and Kcosgaio vrere to the fore orer tbe T.Y.C. Eat to return to Charibtrt and Sandown. T'ark, the chesnut son of Thormanby and Ger trude, was allotted 10 st. 4 lb. In the Surbiton Plate of about 5 furlongs, as all the other com petitors save Strathavon and Alpha were carry ing less than 8 st. odds of 3 to 1 were laid against the topweight, but he came to tbe front at the finish, and won a pretty race by a head ; Btid as he has beaten Phoenix, the great French man that whopped Silvio last July, he mar. as before stated, be accorded the pride of place smocg sprinters. The Great Kingston Two Yeai-Old Plate of 500 soys, was considered £ood enough to send tbe Yaukee crack Iroquois for, and backers laid 5 to 4 tbat be won ; but tbe 7-lb penalty, so often fatal to youngsters, stopped him, and tbe popular bookmaker, Mr. C. liusb, landed tbe race with Lady Chehcsford, a filly by Bosicrucian out ot Lucretia, while the f&vcurite; could not even gain a place. Tbe de feat of Iroquois makes the two-year-old running very perplexing, as only a week before he had beaten Tristran end run Bal Gal to a head for the July. Excepting these two races there was nothing in the running at the meet ing worth chronicling, and we may pass on to Goodwood. An alteration was to Le made in the order of running this year by which the SUkes was get for the first day in place of the Stewards' Cup. The change Las commended itself to all interested, as the Goodwood Stakes is the principal betting race cf the meeting, and its disposal on the first day is uot only a relief to all speculators on tbe result, bat it also gives horses a chance of running for this and tbe Cup on tbe tbird day es well. An unusual amount of mystery has surrounded the market with regard to the Good wood Stakes this year, and what with the eleventh hour withdrawal of tbe Northumber land Plate winner. My cense, and tbe difficulty in hittiDg upon the best of Alec. Taylor's lot, early backers by no means 'stood on velvet' when the numbers went tip. Only two, Attains and Emperor Titos, weat oat for the opening event, the Craven Stakes, and the currish Attalus rtfusing to try bis opponent bad an easy task. The Halnaker Stakes for two-year- olds w*s »l»o reduced to a duel in which Capuchin by lioii crucian — Dark Blue — easily beat Bed worth. 1 hVu came the race of the day, particulars of which are appended : — TBE GOODWOOD STAKES. Handicap, of 25 sots each, 15 ft., with 300 a4de-1 ; winners extra ; second received 100 sots ; two miles -nd » half ; 38 subs., 15 of whom nay 5 sovs. each. Sir. K. Jardine's br.c. BeveUer, by Brown Bread — fiygeia,4yrs,7st41K(Kellett) ? 1 Sir. W. & Crawfurd's ch.c Edelweiss, by Adven turer— 'Wildfiower, 3 yrs., 5 st. 11 In. (c«. 6 st), (Greaves) ... ? „, ... I Sir. W. S. Crawfurd's b.c. Bay Archer, by Toxo phHite— Flurrv, 4vrs. 8 St. 51b. (Fordbam) ... 3 1'ricce Soltykorfs Tliurio, Byre., 9«t 1 lb. (Cannon) Mr. C Perkins's fioehampton, aged, 9 at. (Snowden) Lord Roseberj'sKidotto, Syra , Sst 61b. (Constable) Air. llungcrford's Advance, aged, 8 st, 5 lb. (car. 8tt.81b.)fF. Archer). Mr. C. 8. Paris's Stitcbery, ♦yrs., 7 st lib. (Luke). Mr. P. LorillArd's Wallenstein, 3 yrs , 7 St. (*Veston). 31 r. Crawfnrd declared to win with Bay Archer. Betting— 3 to 1 if sk Reveller, 11 to 1 agst Thurio, 7 to 1 agtt Edelweiss, 8 to 1 each agst. Boehampton and Bay Archer, 10 to 1 agst. Advance, 100 to S agst. Kldctto, 100 to 6 agst Stitcher}', and 20 to 1 ajsw Wallenstein. Before giving the particulars of tbe running it may le as well te describe the various chops and changes in the betting. Ia the first place, Mycenae, as before mentioned, was favourite. Then came what at the time was supposed to be Mr. Crawford's best. Bat is the Manton stable — who won tiie race in the three previous years —had four to choose from, and.gave no inclina tion as to their intentions until tbe last moment, tbe public got into sad trouble in trying to hit the pea themselves, though there was perhaps more money on the stable bane Bay Archer than any of the others. The first favourite, however, at the last turned up in BeveUer, an own brother to Hilarious, whom, in spite of his moderate public performances. Bates regarded as a certainty. The two topweighte, Thario and Boehampton, were also well fancied, and so too was old Advance, on whom Archer made his re appearance in the saddle ; in fact, a better betting race is seldom seen, every horse in the field having friends. When the fl»g fell, they went away at a very slow pace, and Fordham thinking it too mild, took Bay Archer to tbe front, and soon led them by twenty lengths, Wallenstein being becond. Edelweiss third, wttli Tbnrio, Reveller, Stitcbery, Ridorto, Advance, and Koe hazrpton in the order named. After going a mile Bay Archer's lead was considerably reduced, but nothing got to his bead nntil Boehampton, who wsth Reveller and Edelweiss were alone left in the race at tbe distance, tackled him. For a few strides the pair ran together, but tben Bay Archer shook off tho Northern horse and went on till Reveller mads his tffort, and then 'the Bay'' waa beaten at once, and Edelweiss had to come to tbe rescue. Fifty yards from Come the favourite h\d dis tinctly the worst of the struggle, but MrJ Craw ford's colt lost ground through swerving, and ?fter a great finish Reveller got horae by a head. Bay Archer waa a bad third, Kochampton fourth, acd then at a lor.g interval came Thurio, Advance, Ridotto, and Stitthery, with Wallen stein last. Time, 5 min. 13i sec. Value of the 8tnkt!, £e?5. Kr. Ten Broeck wen tbe next race, a sweep of 10 k-vs. with 1C0 adced, over the T Y.C., with TLe Gcwac, by Scottish Chief; and thea came THK EICBMOSD STAKIS, 01 J5 sovs. eacfc, 10 ft., with 500 added, for two vear-olds ; coita. s it. 10 IK ; allies, 8 st 1 lb. ; win nerseitra; TY.C. (6 fnr.). 125 tubs., 29 of whom p«y 3 aevs. each. Lord FalssoQth's br. f. Bal GaL by Adventurer— Cantiniere. 8 st 13 lb. (inc. 6 lb. ex.) (F. Archer) 1 Prince Soltykoff s br. c Scobefl, 9 it. 6 lb. (inc. ti lb. tx.) (Boastter) .. ... „. ... „. 2 Colocel Iogram'1 br. t Soale. 8 st 7 lb. (Goater)_ 8 Lord Kosebery*s f. by Doncsster— Czarina. 8 tt 7 7 lb. (Constable). Lord Bradford's t t-jr Galopln- Advenitr. 8st 7 lb. (W. Macdonmldi ' * Mr. Buhi Lady Chelmiford, 8 »t 12 lb. (lnc S lb. ex.) ( J. Ostmme) - Lord Fabnonth'i Golden Plover. 8 st 10 lb. (car. 8 st 11 1b.) (F. WelAj. Sir. F. Gretton's Geologist, 8 ft 10 lb. (Curooo). Mr. Legh's Sir Charles, 9 «t 6 lb. (inc. 10 lb. ex.) (Glover). Mr. P. Lorillard's Taw-Paw. 8 it. 7 lb. (H. JefferyJ. 31i. Sherbome's Ucorga Manineld, 3 it 1« lb. (Barker). * Lord FalmoQth declared to win with Bal GaL Cettfng.— 100 to Si agst Scobell, 7 to S »gtt Sir Charles. 4 to 1 agst BU Gal, 8 to 1 agst Paw-Paw. 10 to 1 each. ag»t. Hotia and Lady Chelmsford, and 14 to 1 agtt Czarina flUr. ~ B»l Gal won 'easily by three-quarters of a length, and apparently is the best two-year-old cut. Sir Charles, the bero of Asoot, could make no fight under his penalty, and be must do better than this if he is to win next year's Derby. The rich Gratwicke Stakes wvs a gift to Mask, as was the Drayton High-weight Handicap to Lord Bradford's Grey then ; but the Ham Stakes of 100 sovs. each was contested by five youngsters, and produced an exciting finish, victory de claring ihelf for Mr. Crawford's beautiful filly Tbebais, by Hermit— Devotion, who, in the bands of Fotdham, just beat a- hot favourite in Mr. Gretton's Amber Witch, and wound up the first day's proceeding*. Pbceniz opened tbe ball on Wednesday by cantering away fromParol and Gil Bias in tbe Lennox Stakes and then that tistfol old slave of Lcrd Wilton's cradle carried 5 at. 13 lb , ard won the Visitors' Plate from a good handicap field. The Sussex Stakes brought out tome Leger how js, and resulted as lollons: — TUX SUSSEX (TAKES. Of £5 tovs. each, 10 It, and 3 only to tbe fond If declared, 4c, with 600 added, for three-year-oldi ; colU, 8 at 10 lb. ; fillies, 8 ft 7 lb. ; winners extra. One mile. Prince SoltykofTs Mask, by Carniril— Meteor, » rt. 1 lb. (in. 6 lb ix.) (Cannon) ... ... -...- ... 1 Lord Falmonlh's Apollo, 8 it 10 lb (P. Archer) .„ t Lord Bradford's Zealot, 9 st 1 lb. (In. 6 lb. ex.) (J. Otborne) ? 3 Mr. Perkins's Jessy Howlet— Sista to F&lmflower;, 8 tt. 12 lb. (in. 6 lb. ei. ) (Soowden) Mr. Loder'j Sackcloth, 8 st 5 lb. (Goater) Lord Kosebery's Erdldonne, 8 st 5 lb. (Constable) letting— Even en Mask. 7 to 2 agrt Zealot 6 to I agst Jenny Howlet, 7 to 1 agrt. Apollo, IS to 1 agit trciidoune. The distance was too short for Zealot, and Jenny Howlet could never ask tbe winner to gallop. Mask won without an effort by a length. Jenny Howlet was fourth. The American colt Iroquois, who is ' a most in and-out performer, credited Mr. Lorrilard with the Lavsnt Stakes, Isola Madre, an own sister to Iscnomy, running second, after which a large field saddled up for the popular Stewards' Cup. When the weights came out Lord Hasting*' pair, Hackthorpe and Fire King, were Ditched upon by the public, first one and then the other was at the head of the quotations, nntil Fire King was found to be inferior to his companion in a'trial. Then Hackthorpe became a very firm favourite, and of the others Elf King was backed for most money. The following are the particulars of the race : — THE STEWARDS' CCP, Value 300 sovs., added to a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. eacb.b-ft ; three-quarters of a mile. Mr. Crawfurd's Elf King, by Joskin-Queen Mab, 4 yia., 7 «t 8 lb. (car. 7 »t 9 lb ) (Pordhun) ... I Lord Hastings' Hackthorpe, 5 yrs., 8 tt 7 lb. (car. 8st81b)(F. Arcber) ... „ ? 2 Mr. E. Ten Broeck's Veto (l»te Hard Times), 5yrs., 6 st 7 lb. (BnckneU) ? 8 Count F. de Lagrange's Phoetiix, S yrs., 9 st 5 lb. (F.Webb) ' Count F. de Lagrange'a Japonic*, 1 yrs., Sst. 131b. (Goater.) Mr. Leigh's Sir Joseph, S yrs., 8 st 6 lb. (Glover.) Lord Bosebery's La . Uervtille, & yrs., S st & lb. (Constable.) Lord Latcelles's Centenary, 5 yrs., 8 tt 2 lb. (car. Sst 61b.)(J. Osborne.) Mr. Christie's Telescope, aged, 8 st 11 lb (C. (Wood.) Mr. F. Swindtll'a Falmontb, 4 yrs , 7 st. 12 lb. (Morgan.) Mr. IL C Naylor's Knight of Bnrgbley, 4 yrs., 7 it 9 lb. (Huxtable.) Lord Wilton's Toasticaster, 3 yrs., 7 st 5 lb. (W. Macdonald ) Mr. H. Willmer's Henry George. S yrs., 7 st 4 lb. (Moirell.) Duke of Westminster's Douranee, S yrs, 7 st 5 lb. (Templtman.) Mr. J. Saunden'a Maid of Orleau, I yra., 7 at 21b. (F. Sharpe.) llr. Y.S-Gxaharu's Discount, 3 yra., 7 st. 11 lb. (Greaves.) Bake cf M ontnwe's Stratbblane, 5 yrs.. 7 st (Bell.) Prince Batthyany'a Cancle Chiel, Syra., 7 it (Luke.) Mr. Sherberne's Sun of York, 3 yrs., 7 st (Gillon.) Mr. a L»nglej's Van Dyke, 3 yrs., 7 st (Booty.) Duke of Hamilton's F.i month, 4 yrs., 6 st 12 lb. (CraDham.) Lord Hastings' Fire King, 3 yrs., C at 8 lb. (Ken dall.) . Colonel Ingram't Alice Lorraine, 4 yrs., 6 it 7 lb. (Sherratt.) Duke ot Westminster's Prefect, 6 yrs., 6 st 6 lb. (White.) Mr. C. Bosh's Belfry, 3 yrs., 6 at 4 lb. (Salter.) Duke St Albans' Androdus, 3 yrs., 6 at 4 lb. (car. 6 st 6 lb.) (Tin.«ley.) Mr. B. C. Lane's Death or Glory, 3 yrs., 6 it 4 lb. (in 4 lb. ex.) (Barrett) Mr. DuBgerlord's Boreas, 3 yra., 6 st (Browne.) Betting— 100 to 30 agst Hackthorpe, 10 to 1 agst Elf King, 11 to 1 »g»t. Sun of York, 100 to 6 to 40 to 1 agst the others. The favourite took np the running before teaching the dis tance, and looked ail over a winner until Hit King challenged him fifty yards from home, when he began to shut up, and the four-year-old running very gamely won a fine rare by a head. Discount fourth, Oannie Ohiel fifth, Toast msster sixth, and Belfry seventh. Time, 1 min. 26 sec. Odds of 20 to 1 were laid on Mask for tbe Drawing-room Stakes, and he landed them, but was a near thin?, and Cannon had to do all he knew to beat the American filly Nereid by a neck. Visitors to Goodwood were promised vtry bad weather for the Oup on Thursday, bat happily tbe rain, which came down in earnest during the night, cleared off after breakfast, snd we were greeted with a beautifully fine .clear dsy. Uickr these circumstances it is cot to be wondered at that the attendance both of fashionables asd the ordinary racegoers was very large, the beautiful costumes of tbe ladies who patronized the lawn in front of the Stand making a brilliant tpectacle. The Oup dwindled down to two runners at tbe last, but though Isopomy's absence was gristly regretted, both Chippendale and Dresden China are worth going a lor g way to see stripped. The first race on the ca:c osly produced a match between the Ame rican Nf-ried andGrantban, of whom the former cot firmed her form with Mask, and won with great ewe. Only three contested the Singleton Stakes, but they were Peter, Phoenix, and Parole — three of the best handicap hones of the pre sent day. Peter, who has been taking things very easy this season, was the fancied one of the irio, odds of 5 to 4 beicg laid, that he won, and beicg in the humour, he justified the confidence of his backers by cantering home from the French Phcenix, who beat tbe American a neck for second place. Bal Gal's form in the July and Richmond Stakes frightened everything nave Mazurka out of the rich Rons Memorial Stakes, and Lord Cadogan's filly might as well have been kept in tbe stable, as she had not tbe ghost of a show with Wheel of Fortune's «ur reescr. This rare disposed of, the two cracks came forth to do battle for THE GOODWOOD CCP. Value 800 sovj., added to a sub, of 20 dors. each, b.ft; weight for age, with certain penalties and Iloirances. Two miles and a half. Seventeen sabs. Mr. C Ferkin's Dresden China, by Highborn— Fortress, by Citadel, i yra , 8 at 7 lb. (Snowden). 1 Lcrd Bradford's Chippendale, 4 yrs., 8 at 10 lb. (J. Oibcme). . ? ... ... 2 Betting— 3 te 1 on Chippendale. The race cannot be said to afford any criterion cs to tbe merits of tbe two horses, as Chippen dale bad to make all bis own running, and waa beaten for speed at the finish. An idea of the pottering rate tbe race was ran on be imagined from the time, 6 min. 7£ sec. Had there been something in to ensure a strong pace a different result might bave been recorded, as Chippen dale is a sterling stayer, though a horse of one pace all through ; but the winner is a grand mare without doubt, and a-t she pulled up as fresh as paint the excuses made for tbe loser may yet be proved to have been unnecsMary. Tbe two met in tbe Csesarwiich last year on the same terms as in this race, when the horse won, with Dresden China third, and it was on this form that the race wss set down as iocn a gcod thing for Chippendale. Probably the fa\ourite's friends are not satisfied now of bis inferiority, but there will net be much to choose in tbe betting between the pair if they meet.' again on tbe same terms. The only large field which turned out in tbe Cap was in the Cbicbester Stakes, for which fourteen started, ard Belfry, a very nice square-made filly, by Cathedral out of La Naine, having been let off at 6 st., she made an example of her opponent, and won by six lengths. She had been greatly fancied for the Stewards' Oup, but to-day as much as 20 to 1 was laid against her, Elf King and the Mandarin being the potted ones with tbe public Golden Plover, a fine locking youngster of Lord Falmoath's, cvried Lackers money in tbe Prince of Wales's Stakes, but he is evidently no good at present, and the winner was found in a colt of Lord Bradford'!, by the Leger winner Wenlock out of Duvernay. Plungers were more at home in the Last Bent wick Memorial Sukes, as tbe odds of 7 to 2 laid on Jessie Agnes were landed by forty lengths. The racing on the last day promises to be very interesting, as a number of horses are backed for tbe Chesterfield Cup, and all the otter races bave filled well. On Friday tbe Atufericacs had another wincing hour, their filly Paw-Paw, a half-sister io Parole, who has previously exhibited very rroderate fsnn, beating two fancied ones in Mr-teora and Capuchin for the Molecombe Stakes. The Chesterfield Cup of 300 sovs. br- ught oat a large field of handicap horses, Hcd Lord Clive, who was a very good bone in his jonrg day*, was made favourite, at 5 to 1, Victor Bmanuel, the Northern colt, being next in demand at 6 to 1, while a number of oihers received substantial snpoort. The stirt was not ?t good ore, and had they been dispatched on eren terms Exmocth would probably have won ; but as it was Victor Emanuel and 8-rord Dance fought out the fini*h. the former winning easily by a length and a half. Tne time for tbe mile and two furlongs was 2 min. 23 sec Three nailers i* Thario, Boehampton, and Inval con tested tbe Queen's Plate at weight for age, two miles. Boehampton was the favourite, u he bad beaten Thurio out of sight in tbe Stakes, but the f Heads of Priaoe SoltykofTs bone aet bia defeat in that raos down to the slow pace, aid the result of this 'miming to ? certain extent confirms their opinion, as be beat Eockampton most decisively. The Lord Olifden. stock, however, are not everyday horses, and the w»y Boehampton curled up whin asked for aa extra effort at the finish shows that he cannot be depended to run two severe races in a week. Grryben was tbe favocrite, and won the Corin thian Plate, and tben Muriel, by Parmesan, oat of Obevisaunce (dam of Jannette) wound op the meeting by beating Bvation, Iron Bounds, and Camorra for the Nassau Stakes. This filly, as her pedigree anggesta, belong* to Lord Falmoutb, who had a very satisfactory week. Brighton, as usual, followed Goodwood. Busi ness is so dull just now tbat the ** Sussex fort night' ha i been an onnsnally tame one, though there has been no lack of competition for the different races. On the first day the principal race was THK BRIOBTOK mKtt Handicap of IS son each, 5 ft, with 600 added ; winner* eitr* : second received 60 sovs. About one mile ard a half. Mr. Jardine'a b.c. Hnmbert by Macaroni— Wood- bine, 4 yn, 7 tt 4 lb (Kellett) ? I Mr. V,'. S Criw'fnrd'a b.c B»y Archer, 4 yn, 8 st 9 lb. (Fordhun) .. ? „ ... 2 Lord Rmebery'a b.h. JUUdorroch, 6 yra.. 8 st (Ooo atable) ... „ „. ... „ ? $ Mr. P. LoraUrtl'a Parole, aged, 8 »t- 12 lb. (H. Jeffery). Mr. Hmigerford'a Advance, aged, 8 at 7 lb. (car. 8 at81b)(K. A rebel). Mr. L. de KothKhiid'a Favo, 4 yra., 8 at. (Luke). Mr. IL W. FiUwilliAuis Tbe ix*o, 4 yn., 7 at. 7 lb. (C. Wood) * Mr. Paria'a Butchery, 4 yn., 7 at 5 lb. (W. Mac donald). Sir W. A. I-thbridge'« St Augustine, 4 yra., 6 *t 101b. (Gallon). Mr. Dnnlop'i Whiabt, 4 tt*., 6 at 4 lb. (car. 6 at 7 lb. (BrockveU). Betting -S to 1 agst Parole, 9 to 2 at»t Advance, 6 to 1 agat Bay Archer, 100 to 15 agit. The Dean, 100 io IS agat 6t Augustine, 10 to 1 (at Bret, 6 to 1) agst. Humbert, 12 to 1 agit Khldorrocb, 14 to 1 *(tt Favo, and 28 to 1 agat Stitcherr. Won easily by a length. St. Angus tine was fourth, and Parole filth. Batei, who trains Humbert, has been ia wonderful lack lately. Since the opening the season he has won the Ascot Stakes with Teviotdale, the Liverpool Oup with Blackthorn, and the Gcodwood Stakes with BeveUer, besides the Brighton Stakes. On tbe second day then wa* some good sport, bat the Cap was not a success. Last year laonomy frightened everything oa tbe field save st stable companion and two moderates, and this was the form displayed by Alec Taylor's pair. Bay Archer »q4 Bdelweisa had a similar effect, and some difficulty was experienced in getting four competitors (four must start or the cup is uot given) to the post. The following u the resnlt : — Tn* bxiohtox ccr. Value SCO tovs.. with 100 lor tbe second, and SO for the third, added to a aweepaukea of 10 aura, each; weight for age ; penalties and allowance* ; two miles. Mr. W. S. Crswfurd's b.c Bay Archer, by Toxo philite — Finny, 4 yra.. 0 st (Fordham) ? 1 Mr. W. S. Crawford's b.c Edelweiss, 8 yn. 7 at (Gallon) ... „ ? „ ? 2 Mr. D. Dunlop'a b.c. Solver, 1 yrs., 8 at 7 lb. (A. May) ... ? S Mr. UuDgetford'a Advance, aged, Sst lib. (F. Aichei) Mr. Crawfurd declared to win with Bay Archer. Betting— 9 to 4 on Bay Archer, 4 to 1 agat Edel weiss, and C to 1 sgat. advance. Edelweiss made the running at a great pace, with the object of cutting down Advanoe and Solver, and so effectually did he perform the tank thivt half a mile from home only himself and Bay Archer could raise a gallop. The tkree year-old was then palled off, and Bay Archer won on sufferance by a length. The time, 3 mio. 34 J sees., is exceptionally fast, and Edel weiss is i-uch a fine stayer tbat if not crushed with weight he should make a bold show ia the Cit«arewitch and other long distance races. Od the third day Prince Bathyany's colt Catmie Chiel, by Scottish Chief, got back his party's Goodwood ? losses by winning the Stewards' Oup from St Augustine, The Manda rin, Snttler, and others, acd Oharibert (10 st 4 lb.) beat Valentino (8 st. 7 lb.), and Lamprey (0 st. 1 lb.), for tbe Koua Stakes. At Lewes the principal race on the first day was the Astleys Stakes, of 25 sovs., with 500 added, for twoyear olda. Nine started, and the race resulted in a ruott remarkable finish. Scobell, Wandering \- an, and Mazurka ran a dead heat for first p'ace, and barely a bead from these three Thora and Cumberland tied for fourth honours. Tbe Lewes Handicap was a failure, only five mode rates competing, and tbe winner turned up in Mr. Dodd, by The Miner, a foor-yearold, weighted at 6 st 12 lb. 