OUR CHRISTMAS STORY Two Wives.* Br N. WALTER SWAN. ILLUSTRATED BY T. CARRINOTON. Paet IV. Dawson was in the night, where the sailing clouds were blinding the stars as they scoured below them in hurrying speed, flying on like white sails torn and rent with storm. There was lullaby in the tossing branches, and caressing tones in their leaves. The road was all deserted, except by winds and bowing trees. Human speech had ceased, the struggle of tne aay having been adjourned till the dawn once more presided. He walked, with the fresh air charging him, braced and elastic, he knew not where. He was down by the river, where the white bridge glimmered like an unreality through the darkness ; where the grass yielded to his feet, and the ruffled waters were blurring the stars and mixing them in great disorder. The fugitive gusts were rolling down in sudden pranks, flustering the still old trees out of their decorum and silence into moanings and com plainings at the untimeous hour, and they were away again without stop or pause to bustle others on that fresh clear night, and sweep round them and through them and bend them to obeisance. The black hills rose upon the sky like a sentinelled barrier, and away on the plain were the sounds of cattle by the home's sheltering rest. Dawsou felt in consonance with, the motion that was abroad. He walked for miles, and thought of the change and of the release. In the darkness there was pleasure and hope — given to him in the stars, in the rolling winds, in the sounds of trees, in the joy he felt within at the freedom that was granted at last, in the whole wind swept night. When he returned to the station there were signs of day. A tinge gave suspicion of grej' deepening behind the black contour of the trees that tufted the eastern range. Dawson was different from Martin. He was courtly and masterful. He carried with liim, unconsciously, a sense of superiority, which of late had become suffused with, the exultant feeling of hope that Rentoul had given him in exchange for fiveand twenty pounds. The change was observed by the lieutenant's daughter. The genial accepting of worthy human motives ; the sense of gratitude that possessed him ; the pleasure he felt in the colour-speckled fields on the hills and among the crags, and the sim plicity and power of those pleasures over him, pre sented his character to Helen in a fresh and favouring light. ' You have changed much during the past week, Mr. Dawson,' the lady said one day in surprise. ' Have you found the secret of happiness, or have you forsaken the cynical theory of human selfishness ; and are you willing to give to others some credit for disinterestedness in their little routine of daily duty?' ' When I spoke to your father on the occasion you refer to, I had a bitter sense of the world's injustice. It was a feeling that had darkened and tortured me for years. That is gone ; and if you will bear with me for a while you shall hear the whole of the weary story.' In the cool sun he told her all, watching her face, and with the exception of the period of his wife's death the dismal tale was narrated as honestly as he could remember it. 'There are circumstances connected with that past which I cannot repeat, and least of all to you. The facts which I have laid before you are the simple occurrences which have prostrated my energies and embittered life to me so long. How much more bitterly did I feel that position when I saw what I might have aspired to on the day I first called at your cottage ! My life seemed then to be desolate. There was no prospect of a voice to cheer me upon the waste that lay behind, or upon the desert that stretched blankly before into the unknown future. They who suffer should have reward. Those who are tried should be given blessing as well as strength.' She listened, wondering at the story. Pity for him was in her eyes and sympathy in her face. ' I had doubted God's justice. I had doubted his love shown by all things around us that speak the deepest. This was the darkness that was over me. It was from the darkness I spoke.' So they talked together over that past, wandering by the hills. He told of the world that was outside nt rtio Tipnnpfiil VimYninesKPR tViat wotp. near, of t.Vifi home he had left, of the hopes he had aspired to, of the brokenness he had struggled against, of the drea riness of the years he had passed, of his temptations, of his sorrow, of his joylessness. It was not to be expected that Treverton could remain blind to the companionship that had sprung up between the station-master and Helen Neirbo. Treverton's ladies, who kept abreast of city fashions and swept their trains on the sleepy streets, were scandalized. At their 4 o'clock teas, steam and indignation mingled and ascended in virtuous protest, and the unbosoming of their matronly souls became a sacred custom. The young fellows who wrote poetry at Miss Neirbo in the local newspaper felt their aspirations turn to gall, and took refuge in sarcasm. Those who spent prodigal sums on tight trousers and smart pagets sorrowfully contemplated the excesses to which a hopeless passion had lured them. They steadied up their souls upon their wrongs, and bore in withering calm the heartless neglect of which they were the victims, and the unknown sacrifices they had made on their comfort in throbbing corns— on their independence in dunning tailors. James Martin heard the report, and was unprepared for the suddenness of it. Feelings were stirred that he was trying to bury. He found ' the old wound when stricken is the sorest. The old hope is hardest to be lost.' His home had no prospect of a gladden ing. He had laboured for her happiness through bleak and shadowed days, through days of sun and shine, and she was to accept it in another way and from other hands. The task that had not reached its purpose was done, and the gift beyond him. It was the shadow of his years that had separated them. It was the gap that lay between the spring and the autumn. Why should he, in his selfishness, try to bend her fresh life to his ? He told himself that his single desire was her happiness, and did she not seek it in the direction of her heart's promptings — were not they the truest? The in stincts of a pure heart were as unerring as those of the birds'. Why, then, if he was not deceived as to liim self, should he make moan ? Thus he argued, but still the sense of the loss, the sinking of the empty heart, were present. He did not seek forgetfulness, but he sought strength. In the season that was bear ing him blessing day by day — in the soothing that * Copyright reserved. was around him — spread over the far lands lying on the wooded heights in the joyful dawn, in the fading day, he searched and found it. Gradually it came with its healing, fortifying his resignation, not weakening his love. Time was long before it gave it to him, but it reached a heart wherein love was all purified and devotion fixed. The Treverton ladies had managed, as most ladies do, to anticipate probabilities. They had shrugged and nodded Miss Neirbo into an engagement that did not then exist. Some of the more advanced had managed to fix the marriage day before words concerning love had passed between the principals ; but that ,of course, TnaHomil li't+lo whpn nimmir \i-ns hnrnp rmt Tian-onn saw that the relationship between himself and Miss Neirbo must be altered. He felt it was unmanly to accept only of her gratitude that pleasure which her society gave him, and it was with this thought he stood by her one day near the clematis covered verandah and among the prodigal green. He watched her with a constraint of manner that might have been expected of the young poet who was wearing his heart away for love of her, and at the hard nature of his surroundings in the ironmongery shop below. She had called once and purchased a basting-spoon there; the spot on the counter where her hand had rested was to him sacred, and he mourned in silence while fitting screws or mixing putty. But it was a new thing to see Dawson em barrassed, much more to see that his fingers should tremble above the petals of the flower he held, and paleness reach his face. He said earnestly, 'Miss Neirbo, you were kind enough to listen to my history some time ago ; that, and the interest you have evinced in one who is a comparative stranger here, and the kindness (to me the happiness) which has been given me bv you, make me ask myself if the reason of this is gratitude for the service I was fortunate enough to render you when I first saw Treverton. What I wish to know is, whether or not I may hope that such a feeling will develop into a stronger bond between us. I am not different from other men, for with all beauty and goodness are invincible. In my case jour face has not left my eyes. Your words and tones have never been forgotten since the time I stood by your father's side. On that day I felt bitterly the position in which I was placed. I then saw how much I had lost, and what I might have been with a sustaining love beside me. I could scarcely know what I was capable of when the blight fell ; I cannot tell now that it has been removed, the time has been so short, If you would consent to be my wife, Helen, the past would become a dream, and the future as full of hope as though neither dark ness nor sin existed in this world.' For answer she looked far upon the plains, then timidly at his eyes. ' I have been afraid to ask you that I might have hope lest the short season of happiness I have enjoyed here might be closed. It is the first I have known for many a year ; now all life around me seems new and beautiful. If I could hope that you, who gave this happiness, would trust to me to lead and guard you through the future years, I should thank God for His gift. I have been alone and wandering through trouble and storm, but with you all would enter into my life that can make it happy.' He looked at Helen's face and ?waited with an expression of anxiety, then continued softly — 'I have offered all that man can offer — himself and the truth of his love. I have not wealth to bestow, but happiness is not to be bought ; it will be ours with out purchase ; it will be your gift. Here, yonder,' pointing to the country that lay before them and to the level lands below, ' is the fairest world I have seen. Here and with you there could be no pain, no heart-sickness.' Helen's eyes were full upon him; there was mantling red in her face and a warm light in her eyes . 'You asked me if I might bid you hope,' she said smilingly and nervously. 'If that will cause you to forget your years of trial; if it will enable you to start on the life- journey anew ; and if you think that I being with you would make your happiness, then ? ' She whispered, ' Hope,' and put her hands upon her face to hide its burning. The following day Daw6on had an interview with the old lieutenant. The latter waived explanations. ' I have heard your story told me by yourself, Mr. Dawson,' he hastened to explain, and pointing his soft old hand to a thick clematis bunch near the window where he sat. ' I have also heard your pleading with my daughter. 1 confess 1 listened to it all. She is the only child of her father. Whatever I may have felt, or do feel, at the prospect that lies before me, I have a duty that I hold to be paramount to all others — that is to secure the happiness of Helen. I knew that sooner or later this, her first step into the coming time, when for me the threshold is not distant, must soon be taken. I know that her choice means her happiness ; bo far that, when made, it is fixed and immovable. As she has yielded to my slightest wish from childhood till to-day, it now is my turn to yield to her. I think I am right in believing that by this time you have a fair knowledge of her character ; but you can not know the depth of its sensitiveness or the fullness of its trust. Appreciating these at their importance, keeping and guarding them with all the strength of your affection for her, you should make her happy, Dawson. The qualities I have named are at once her weakness and her strength. When her mother died at sea she gave me the sacred charge which shortly I shall transfer to you, with all the solemn obligation it imposes. Our path — the path of my wife and of my self — was short, but the few years we lived together were the fairest and the brightest time of all my life. It comes back upon me with its radiant memory day by day, as if they were visits of hers from the farther shore. That time seems to me now to be brighter than the day. I tell you this, Hugh Dawson, because Helen bears her mother's name, her mother's face, her mother's character — she is her mother's very self. What I had trusted would be my life's history with her will, I pray, be yours. « One hope, one pain, one bliss, one fear. One altar and one God, One trust hereafter and one here. One grave and one green sod.' The perturbation of political dissension in Treverton was as nothing compared to the excitement caused by the proposed union. Rumour was in advance of fact, as rumour generally is ; but now that fact corroborated rumour, the delight of upper- crustdom at its prescience in simmering over the match so long before it was arranged was pure and plentiful. Mrs. Basker hurried about in exultant flutterings for her visiting things, and when her husband's attention was attracted to the princess robe she had put upon her majestic person, and her stumping efforts at balancing it on the long-heeled boots, he mildly ventured to inquire the wherefore of her early departure before the lady-like and select hour of 4 p.m., to which Mrs. Basker vouchsafed the infor mation that there were numberless persons in the world who had made independent fortunes by mind ing their own business. Mrs. Smith received the news with spasmodic inquiries after particulars. She too plunged to see friends who would not come out that afternoon, and to whom she would be the first mes senger with the tidings. Who then was this Dawson, after alL who had been so kindly invited to family dinners on the slender ground of his manners being gentlemanly? The mayor's wife called secretly on ;^B Sirs. Hopper for information, after the manner of ^H Nicodemus, and learned that a long interview had ^H taken place some time before between the station- ^H master and a stranger, and that Jane the chamber- ^H maid, when she came to the room next morning, found ^H on the table an empty glass that had contained brandy ^H and water, and a lock of black hair lying near on a ^B piece of paper. Here was food for reflection. A ^H stranger and a gentleman by bis speech and urbanity ^H pleading for his daugher, perhaps with the heartless ^H deserter of innocent trustfulness. Here was a history- ^H awaiting explanation. Here was a mystery in this ^H matter needing to be explored. Here was something ^H to be cleared up in mercy to Miss Neirbo. But there ^H was yet more. The stranger cashed a cheque at the ^B bank for £25 ; he took it in gold. The cheque was ^B signed ' Hugh Dawson,' and that day the stranger ^H mysteriously disappeared. Mr. Doodle, the bank ^B clerk, had said so. There was life in Treverton still. ^H There was excitement to be found for the seeking. -- ^H Several ladies sat down excitedly, and wrote several ^H letters to several ladies who knew Bartleton and several ^M of Bartleton' s people. ^H The poor people did not receive the news joyfully. ^m The change to them might mean the loss of those ^H incomings that had so often cheered them, of that ^H attention and solicitude that had won their gratitude; ,^B the fair face and the kind eyes would be missed ; the |^H ministrations by her, such ministrations as only she ^^H could give, would be known no more. They had -^H pacified their children, saying that the lady would r^B come on the morrow, and the morrow of her coming \ ?? would now cease. Women, with the tribulations of t^H their lives sitting on them like years, talked about the j^H matter earnestly ; they were jealous for her happiness, :^H and therefore they feared. And when Miss Neirbo ^H came to see. them again they asked her, with sudden f^H colour and nervousness, if the report was true ; and j^H sometimes, on the brink of tears, they would inquire j^H of her, with their hands hidden below their aprons, j^H whether she was sure she would be happier. AH the ^H neighbours she had known were her friends, they 9^B would say to her, 'for heaven knows how long, ^^m and they know you, and love you, miss; and oh, miss, ^H are you sure you are going to happiness — but how in- ^H deed could you else ? The Lord will send it before ^H you — you that have dispensed it to others. God be j^H good to you, miss, and may the sorrow of want or of ^H disappointment never cloud you bonnie face or come I^H ariigh your door.' i^H It was soon known that the marriage would take f^H The, clergyman came, carrying his years with him, ^^H as if they had tried him and made him pure, and j^H therefore laid their emblem white upon his hair. The j^B doctor came too, notwithstanding his sturdy and ^^m sceptical look ; he was more troubled than on the night ^H when he announced Miss Neirbo's recovery at Hopper's ^H hotel. James Martin was not there. He came to :-^H Helen and asked as a favour that he should be ex- ^H cused. He was entering a new life. He was gather- ?', ^B ing new thoughts. His feelings were the same as I^H they had always been. They could not be changed in ^H their love for her, but were chastening into the :^H friendship that was never to cease. The struggle was : ^H not yet over, and its weariness was great. ? jHJ I am sorry that my list of the eminently respectable ^H persons present on the day already named cannot !^H extend much further. The third was the serene J^A Miss Froude, who readily owned to 45, and never hid ^H a grey hair or bated a year off her placid life. Miss ^M Froude was Helen's friend.. She had nursed her in fl| sickness, and was her adviser until now — the now v^| when she looked at her with the yearning and regret |B of a mother. I wish I could dwell upon and properly ' -&m; enlarge concerning the wealthy people bestowing the jy99 weight of their wealthy positions, on the occasion referred to, but none such were present. The ' mayor's people ; the Smiths ; the Joneses ; the Fitzherberts, who lived on the hill and kept a groom; the Misses Mulligans, who lived on the station close by and drove a pair of ponies ; and Mrs. M'Arthur, daughter of the captain who fought at Khyber sword in hand — not one of these aristo cratic representatives was there to make the company distinguished, or to stamp it with refinement and eclat. Miss Neirbo had the bad taste not to invite them ; her father also had with like taste approved of his daughter's wishes ; while Mr. Dawson, with a per verseness just short of idiotcy, suggested a list which was filled out readily and with marked applause by these three demented people. Madam, you who have moved in fashionable circles, you whose taste has been refined by the select amenities of high life and the elegancies of patrician society, will contemp tuously regard the humble ceremony of marriage to be celebrated at Lieutenant Neirbo's cottage on this Christmas Day. Madam, you are correct in thi3 matter, as you invariably are in all others. Your dinner parties and your attire are always faultless, and you shrink from the very suspicion of a gaucherie. Have not I observed your matchless judgment in everything, from bugles to books, from company to crystal, from car pets to chambermaids ? It is with some confusion of face I feel myself bound to say that the grace of silks, the frothwork of lace, and the gleam of jewellery were altogether absent. The disabilities under which I labour become increased when I inform you who were not present on this occasion, that if the highways were not searched, the worked-out leads were, and so were the hedges and fences. The company consisted of diggers and their wives and daughters, and of selectors and their wives and daughters. Every man who was at the waterhole that night when Helen was saved was present. Farmers' families came in with such rough and joyful welcome, with so hearty a grip in their honest hands, and so hearty a pleasure in their eyes, that it began to dawn upon me we had, instead of trains and curious faddles of twisted garnishments, glitter of stone and metal, faint polite laughter, and all that is covered by that vulgar expression known as La-di-da, joy at its best and purest, f eeling that was precious and sincere ; there was laughing and tears, blessing and humble presents given in honour of the Christmas bride ; and oh! madam, believe me, such beautiful variations prompted by good and loving natures, I never saw before. I should like to have taken those who drivel about the wicked world to that cottage, and to that garden and its summer-house, to show them a world that was glad and pure ; to ask them concerning the desperate wickedness of those hearts, brimming with loyalty to the bride and good- will to all men. Farmers told each other, under seal of solemn silence, of bacon and things they were going to send to the station, and good wives had their secret communications to make about their offerings for a young household whose destina tion was the station too. The digging circle had a mysterious interest in a brooch of Treverton gold which Miss Helen should wear away upon her breast ; and what with the pleasure of the company and of the day one felt happy by force of example. The season was late, and the flowers had not departed, so that even the fields had, it would seem, brushed up their very best vestment of green, and shabby green trees made up for faded colour with their restful shadows. The brooks were as merry as the birds, and even the solemn hills relaxed from Laze to bri gb.tr. o.f below the sun. The thought of cramping tkese we' and women in rooms was cast aside m au upjuiUtjat' ?' absurdity, and the old clergymanjed the way to the summer-house, and took for his altar the table as the crowd gathered round, -wishful to watch only one thing while hearing the solemn words — the fact of Helen Neirbo. who was giving her name and her heart away. ' Such a Christmas present,' the wife of Jim the Fos sicker said, ' was neve* made before.' I had taken notes, madam and sir, that I might be enabled to place this marriage picture properly before you, but I find it quite impossible to pourtray the undertone of emo tion that was there moving, all with the same kind thoughts, and those wishes of good-will that are in themselves a happiness. There were tears and there were regrets, but these only softened and mellowed the day when the memory of it would carry it back framed with the hopes there formed around the new homely tears never tried to hide the thoughts that were behind them. As they came they wrote their meaning, which was the same with all. If hearts hare the power of blessing, the bride was blessed. If wishes for happiness are prayers, then the flowers would be round her feet always, and her path lead gently down to the long rest. While the song of the day was around them, the garden seemed as silent as a ininster, and the voice of the clergy man reached every guest. It fal tered slightly now and then, and its faltering struck the keynote of a human sigh in those that were gathered, but it proceeded surely, weaving the bond that was to last till death. It was when the last ?words were spoken that the stillness seemed the deepest. How many remembered the time when they' too were tied beyond revoke to those they had chosen for the long journey. Poor wrinkled faces that were smiling with the mist in theix eyes looked brighter then, and yet the beauty that was fairer than face could wear was embalmed in each by the faithful years that had passed and the trials patiently borne. The bridegroom saluted his wife in his graceful way, and led her forth into the sunshine and among the roses through a gauntlet of strong hands and warm congratulations seldom to be seen, and girls who were dressed in white for this memorable day flung wild flowers on the garden walk, ushering her entrance into the new life with smiles that were full of cheer. Wives moved closer to their husbands, bearing their own memories and proud of their own choice, but not to regret the earlier years with all the fondness they carried. Was there not joy in the present — would it not be given in the future? God was good. An old woman came forth t.r- TYtPPt. tV-» Virile TaritTi T»arrl TfA hands that had toiled, and quick dark eyes that many and many a time through many a year had held both love and tears, and her arms held a child with a faint sheen on its white haiT, and wonder on its face. ' In the parts wherelcomefrom, m'am,they say that a baby is blessed that is kissed by a pure bride before the sun of her wedding-day goes down. This,' she said earnestly, 'with a flush on her old face, ' is my little grandchild ; she's beginning the first journey, as you are beginning the second.' The bride lifting up her veil showed her face, pale and tearful, as she bent down to kiss the little one that it might be favoured, and grey December blessed summer as summer had blessed spring. They drove away to a village that was by a lake, and they sat where the waters ripplod on the sand, ; and talked of the life they had entered, where was no darkness or T^otfint of storm. On the morrow, when the day was deepen ing, they were back at the cottage cheering the old man, and bringing happiness to his reverent face. Then they went to the station by the plains beneath the shining stars, and entered their first home. If some of the gentlemen guests returned on that Christmas night to their homes labouring under a weight of enthusiasm, and more of other delights than was easily portable ; if they made fatuous attempts at re moving their boots and were pleased to regard their holiday clothes as proper dresses for the night, their wives found wifely excuse ; and Jim Lane, the fossicker, for one, told his, with great weeping, that he had mind of the time hemamed her, and if she had no objection they would have the ceremony repeated at an early date, so that they might make a fresh start ; whereupon Jim suddenly blessed her in an access of great emotion, and entered dream land, heralded by a fanfare of snores. Part V. Treverton station by the plains was bleak of aspect. When the herbage turned into hay and dust, and was swirled away in whirlwinds — when the hot sirocco breaths came over from the desert of epacris and sand and trailer, where travellers wandered till they dazed and died, the ground looked swept and bare without trace of pasture. The plenty of the spring and summer was eaten by the hungry heat, the pools that were in the winter's gift were lapped away, and there was the shadelessness on itof a weary land. The winter brought back the green and filled the lake and spread pools among the hollows. The clouds loomed up pregnant with showers, and the gloom of scowling days, of falling rain, of biting winds, lingered lontr. The Honorable Mr. Brown had foun(* ft expedient to obtain for Jim Lane a position at the railway sta tion, which combined the duties of porter and points man, with several minorofnees thrown in, which kept that official tolerably active for half-an-hour per diem. Jim conferred with his wife upon the subject, but his handsome salary of 35s. per week being weighed against all other considerations, all other ?considerations were found wanting. The large nugget that was waiting in him must wait a little longer. There were boots and frocks wanted, and one | of the children had fallen on his wife's bandbox and crushed her Sunday hat, while an errant cow had naade a repast off one of their blankets at the clothes Une. The trousers of Jemmy, the eldest, refused to sustain any more patches ; it was too much like put ting new wine into old bottles. The doctor was owed money, and the grocer had said that, as he could not : live without turning things over, his credit relation I ships with his customers must be limited to a week. i All this, and much more that might be told, decided : the worthy fossicker to cast aside his battered wide awake and his faithful moleskins, and write 0\. II. M. S. on himself, with cap and buttons and i other badges of authority. Jim's partner came to Mrs. Daw-son's house in season and out of season, where she scrubbed and sang, and, as she put it, made i matters light for Miss Helen ; and they might talk to , : her as they liked, she couldn't call her nothing but i Miss Helen, and with her Miss Helen it would always be, and wild horses wouldn't drag no other name out of her — not if she knew it. Jim took a conscientious I ' She threw rp her roil, and the two women looked at each other. The stranger was dark and flashing, -with full red lips, and might well be descKbrd as handsome but lor the faintly swollen appearance of the fine features. The hair and eyebrows were black, and her restless eyes seemed to keep the Slitter in them that Jim first perceived below the veil. The contrast between the two, as they stood thus for an instant, was as great as could well bo imagined. Helen's Madonna-like face and soft blue eyes, her graceful figure bending out from the light towards the woman that was standing in tho night, made her look typical of Mercy. The figure at the threshold was like to one whose lamp had gone out, seeking admission from the outer dark ness.' — Part V. delight in the discharge of his duties, and a proper pride in showing himself urbane and polite to all the lady passengers with whom hisofEcial position brought him in contact. He rendered these duties enjoyable in the highest degree by diversifying them. Walking up the platform crying ' Trev-ton ' ' three times when the train came up was the first and strictly routine part ; darting his key at a door where ladies were, opening it with celerity, and insinuating Trev-ton, was the second part. To do luggage duty at Treverton was phenomenal, and did not count, and too see passengers on the platform averaging more than two or three a day offered a field for anxious inquiry, and presented a distant hope that he might yet be justified in ask ing for an advance of 5s. per week. Then should his wife have a new dress in the very latest fashion, if she chose, and gloves, and them thingumbob ' There stood the malignant woman, with the hot fire in her eyes, with her merciless exultation in look and gesture, in the proud superiority of her sin. ' Dawson thought I was dead. He gave me five-and-twenty pounds to pay my funeral expenses, and I am here to-nipht in very mh.«tantial human form, though I did come in to you out of the darkness. I am not a ghost. Look at me,' She pulled her oloakings from her ; she took off her hat and flung it after them ; she stood upright and bright and imposing and handsome. ' I am the wife of nugh Dawson. Look at me. Do you see any thing to disgrace him ? What do I show, standing before you as I do now, that is not worthy of him .' I-ork at me with your critical eyes and tell me if I am the sort of woman whom men can forsake with impunity.''— Part V. boots, all heels— into the bargain. _ When a j cloud arose in the distance, and joined the - others that were dragging above the tree-tops, Jim mentally took full and complete charge of the train. Its shriek, he pointed out to himself, was nothing hut a prolonged 'Jim,' with just a thundering lot of ' m's ' added, and he was always waiting to welcome it. In the darkness it thundered steadily through the rain and wind, making nothing of the weather, but flinging out sparks at the face of the night, and burning into it with its eyes. It came through, hissing and strong, and coughing out )steam as irresistible, with all the miles it had eaten lying behind it, as if it had never done so much as a preliminary snort. Thus Jim was proud of it. It is true it scarcely ever stopped at Trererton by night, not having any one to drop out I of the warm and lighted carriages at the river washed station, but it called on Jim just the same, and piled on the m*6 in the shrillest of screeches, and its eyes would glitter in greeting on hie dripping oil skin, and his lamps would return the compliment and politely look after it till it was away into the darkness again. * Jim was happy. He sometimes reviled his luck at the lead with scornful and contemptuous ex pression, not to be repeated here ; and when he heard that Ted Clegg had found a nugget weighing an ounce and a half, he addressed Fortune in the abstract in terms the reverse of complimentary. But then the happiness that was within there where Mrs. Dawson was threw its influence over him in some degree. No matter what the gloom of the day, there was no gloom behind those windows and doors. In the clear blue eyes of the mistress was the joyousness of a cloudless life, with all the hopes that came from day to day — with all the light they shed on the approaching years. There was to be heard the laughter that made him glad ; there the kind face that had cheered him when he was sore distressed. His missus was her friend, and told her sage things out of the knowledge of her experience. The master, too, he was bright and cheerful. Every day gave him out of the content it brought, and pushed the past farther off. The new life was full of such expectations and such promises that he was rich reaping the greatest blessing it had to bestow. Some faint fear came to him with a wonder if it could all last, presenting a troubling thought that he was not perchance sufficiently grate ful for the treasure bestowed on him on that Christmas Day. What signified the bleakness without, or the ' pulsing rains, the blast on the plains, or the clouded horizon r His peace and his love were at his side, and the companionship to his life charmed it and gave it ' resolves that were strong — all wrought by the face that ? nestled on his shoulder ; by the eyes that looked into ? his ; by the voice that was becoming clearer ; by the woman he had saved, and loved, and sought, and won. '? Jim was circumspectly tramping up and down the j platform, shaking the rain from his cape and wring ing his beard one evening, waiting for the usual ' exchange of compliments between his snorting friend | and himself. The angry colour on the clouds had faded to a dull red. The wind was. rustling through the shivering grass, and the lake beyond barely caught light enough to show where it lay still, and still below I I the rasping reeds that were shouldering each other J there. Jim felt his importance on this occasion, and j the extra 5s. per week did not, from the position he then occupied, seem so remote a possibility. He was 1 in sole charge. During that night, and all of next day, I Jim the fossicker was virtually the station-master. ! Mr. Dawson had been called away on departmental business, and his ofticer was now* the supreme and : controlling head. He had charge of Mrs. Dawson and of the station. He was the recognised head of his own family, who lived near, and Jim, the eldest, had ' got new moleskins. Considering these matters;, he ? became mentally elevated. He was tasting the sweets : of office, when his coming train peeped up tlirough a 1 mile's stretch of darkness, and then ran out of the ! trees at him and yelled his name ; it seemed to have a ring of congratulation in it. It stopped calling, and began again, ending with a complimentary flourish. Jim's lamp was ready to return the compliment to the best of its flashing power, but the speed slackened and slackened, and the great iron thing at last stood panting and blowing as if this last journey had tried its fiery lungs to the utmost. The porter walked proudly along pro claiming 'Trev'ton.' He swooped upon a window and opened it, re peated the name with due affability and gallantry in the ladies' carriages ; but the platform remained bare. It occurred to him that the reason of the stoppage might be known to the driver or the guard. Mr. Dawson would inquire, and Mr. Dawson should inquire. He was about vicariously to carry out the inquiry to the driver, when he caught sight of a muffled figure leaning from a window1 and beckoning. He turned his lamp in the direction, and saw that the hand was white and glitter ing. He looked in, and saw the waiting lady. ' Any luggage, m'ain ? ' 'I have no luggage.' Jim, who was allowed to be a connoisseur in the matter of fine looking women, could not help but admire the upright figure that stepped on the platform. He had heard her voice ; it was strong and sharp : he had seen her hand ; the stones on the fingers made it look all the whiter. The shape was good, but on the whole it would not look at a very small glove. But Jim had not seen her face; the night was dark, and the lady's veil was down. It was true that the pro tern, station-master had inadvertently twisted his lamp at her a number of times, but there was only to be seen behind the rather thick network the glitter of eyes, not altogether unlike the glitter of the rings which he had aforetime uuserveu. 'I forgot, ra'am, to ask you for your ticket.' 'It is here.' Mr. Lane looked at it critically, and, in the hope the lady would raise her veil to read it, said, 'This ain't for Treverton,' with his lamp full on, and waiting. ' Read it again.' The porter read and apologised. He recognised the1 sweet perfume that surrounded her like an atmo sphere, and how imperious the voice was. The wind flung the rain on them. It struck Lane's face and breast, it pelted along the platform, it rattled on the windows, itrustled swishingly on the silk skirt of the passenger, and -whistled by and up again in dreary drivings.- The .-porter shook himself, and intimated withyofficia^ courtesy that shelter could be obtained a short :jdi&arice; Way. She did not hear him ; she seemed; fo be-lookine *-ut on the blackness. Having i ?- \ T-' TtiAYlA }iie liofhf nornnrinntfi tlir* 'j sta_twn, Lane brought it back with an .- elaborate air of vacuity, and saw that \- one of the white hands was wet with rain' and clenched . .-??.? / VHow far is it to the town ol \- Treverton .- ' — ?'? 'It's a mile, m'am. The road i« bad, and the night is dark.' 'Are there no cabs at this WTetched place ? ' This roused the porter having charge of the Treverton traffic. ' We started,' he imposingly stated, ' with three cabs. Three cabs is too much for one lady pas senger, conseqentfly they fell orf. Hopper, that's the publican, m'am, he hes a buggy what he sends down excursion time.' ' Is this excursion time ? That is, will there be a cab here to-night ? ' ' Hopper might send ; I don't deny that. If he do it will be the first time this month, and the weather ain't ? ' 'Can I sleep here?' asked the lady, cutting Mr. Lane's speculation in two with her sharp voice. The porter was a man who, as I have already intimated, was in herently gallant, but the question startled him, so that it shook the rain drops from his cape. 'There's no hotel, m'am.' ' Station-master Dawson is in there, behind those lighted windows, I have no doubt. Tell him a lady wants to see him.' 'I am,' replied Mr. Lane with conscious pride, ' the station-master pro tern.' ' Where's Dawson ? ' 'Mr. Dawson, I beg to inform you, is absent on business. During his absence I act deputy station m ? ' ' Wheie is he- ' ' At Bilton,' replied Lane, hurried into answering in a manner not at ail consistent ?with omeiaiuom. t ' I have no doubt, however, arrangements might bp so made that you could sleep here. There's a bundle* of time-tables on the counter what have answered me for a pillow often, and, with two forms put together, you would be dry and comfortable.' ' Who is in there ? ' levelling her finger at a shadow , passing across the blind, as if she was taking aim. 'That shadow pointed at by you, m'am, is Mrs. Dawson* s shadow.' ' I wish to see her ; which is the door r ' Jim turned Iris lamp on it, without speaking. ' You see the knocker. Maybe you would excuse me saying that this ain't exactly the time of night to visit a lady, except by invitation.' The woman had swept past him, her dark outlines were against the door, and the kr.ocker hammered outrapolite, but imperative, summons. The porter ?. ?walked quickly homewards to consult his wife con- I cerning the arrival. He did not like the voice, or the i silence fliat came over her, in her silent thinking i behind the veil. I 'When he put the lamp down, and shook himself, [ he spoke rather hurriedly. : 'A passenger got off to-night, wife; a large lady i passenger, with white hands, and rings, veil down, \ voice like a tartar; asked for Dawson without the , mister ; told me to send him to her ; being at Bilton, , and not here, this were not done. Then she asked for i Mrs. Dawson, said she wanted to sleep at the station, and a lot more, but there ain't time. ,' I don't like her, ' and I don't like her being alone with Mrs. Dawson. . Run up and drop in promiscuous.' j Mrs. Lane was putting on her hat and cloak before her husband had finished speaking, and without , making reply she flitted away hurriedly. ! When the passenger knocked at the door it was | promptly opened by Helen, who stood looking out at i the figure on the step with the glisten of rain on it, i and the silent attitude of observation. There was so ? long a pause that Mrs. Dawson was about to ask | the reason of the lady's calling, when the lady herself spoke. 'I came in by the train that has just passed, madam. The porter tells me, or leads me to infer, there will be no conveyances going to Treverton to night It is a mile distant, and the roads are bad. I venture to trespass on you for shelter, being an old acquaintance of Mr. Dawson.' She threw up her veil, and the two women looked at each other. The stranger was dark and flashing, with full red lips, and might well be described as j handsome but for the faintly swollen appearance of ] the fine features. The hair and eyebrows were black, \ and her restless eyes seemed to keep the j glitter in \ them that Jim first perceived below the veil. The contrast between the two, as they stood thus for an instant, was as great as could well be ' imagined. Helen's Madonna-like face and soft blue eyes, her i graceful figure bending out from the light towards the ! -noman that was standing in the night, maue her look j typical of mercy. The figure at the threshold was like to one whose lamp had gone out, seeking admission from the outer darkness. Mrs. Dawson at once invited the stranger to enter. They came to the room and sat down, the later choos ing a seat some distance away from fire and lamp. She looked curiously at her hostess, with her un abashed eyes, showing by a slight twitching round the moutli that emotion of some kind was being kept Lack, and yet the face showed an expression of pity — a pity that was akin to contempt. 'Will you not,' inquired Mrs. Dawsou, 'take off your outer clothing r You have been in the rain.' ' I have been in the rain but a few minutes. If you will allow me, I'll wear these things for a short time longer.' Her face became a shade paler when she continued. ' I had two reasons for coming to Treverton. The first and principal one was to see Mr. Dawson ; the second and less important one was to see you.' A pause. ' Mr. Dawson's Christian names are Hugh Terry, ; but he never signs the latter. Is not that so r ' I Said Helen, in great wonder at the subject of the I conversation, and the imperious manner and tone of ! the stranger, 'I have never seen my husband j sign the latter of the two names.' I ' There is a tatooed ring on the middle finger of his ! left hand— not where rings are usually worn, but on j the middle joint.' i In the silence following, Mrs. Dawson felt she was ; growing frightened. ' Who,' she askedherself , ' was this woman with eyes that were burning and bold, seated-facing her in her own house, throwing strange questions at her from between her strong white teeth.' i And one peculiarity of the face was that its expression became harder and showed strength. ' The reasons of my questions you will understand very shortly, for you may depend. upon it, madam, I will explain all to you as speedily as possible.' j 'There is also a mole here on Mr. Damson's arm.' ; She flung from her shoulder the wrap that was lying on it. and. pulled her sleeve up, showing an arm that Mr. Lane would have incontinently admired for its whiteness and symmetry. She pointed to the exact spot, with a finger that seemed mounted in brilliants, glistening and shining in a little nebula of lustre. 'The mole is perfectly round, and exactly the size of a threepenny piece.' ' \ j ' You seem,' Mrs. Dawson observed, with a fright ened smile, 'to be very particular to identify my husband.' 'It is true, I am most particular to identify him.' Then the lady took from her reticule a paper, the end of which she turned down. ' Is that the signa ture of Hugh Terry Dawson r ' Helen bent her head over it, with a dizzy feeling of dismay. ' That is bis signature.' ' We shall require this again in a few moments, when you can peruse it ; and now I have one last question to ask — Has he ever told you his history ? ' ? Instead of replying to the question, Mrs. Dawson drew herself up with the stateliness that could not well be separated from her tall figure and its harmony, and with the strength of determination that often under lies the character of the yielding and the good, she asked, ' For what reason am I suffering this imperti nence ? How dare you enter the privacy of my home and presume to ask me questions concerning my hus band as you have done : I have heard of women who, regardless of their sex, become detectives. Are you one of those?' Helen's voice was clear and penetrating, and her words were spoken with apparent calmness. The colour on her face, and the excited sparkle in her eyes, warned the intruder that she must be cautious ; and ?while acknowledging this to herself, there was an evil look in her face, enhanced by the white ring that came round her mouth, and the fugitive expression that her eyes gave. ' ' I have told you, madam, I would answer all your questions, and tell you the reason of more if you would but wait. After all it is quite immaterial whether or not he told you the story of his life. I asked the question partly for your sake, partly from curiosity. I am not a detective, as you politely in sinuate,' but I am an inquirer who, you will admit, has some right to make inquiries when the matters between us are explained.' ' The matters between us r There can be nothing in common between us.' 'Pardon me, there is.' ?' I beg of you to postpone such explanations as you have proposed till my husband returns. I shall have a fire put in his office for you, where you will be warm and comfortable, and — and where your supper will be served. I cannot extend, as I would wish, the rights of hospitality to a lady who enters my house in my husband's absence, to ask me questions of him which are impertinent, and yet withholds her name.' ' Nay, madam. 1 have assured you that in a short time you will not consider my questions impertinent. I do not withhold my name.' My name is Martha Dawson.' The bold eyes were fixed with a hungry stare on Helen. They seemed to drink in the white distress and terror of her face, and to linger on the evidences of yielding strength. ' Martha Dawson is dead.' Then the woman showed her nature and her hate, a* wel} as the beau£^rom^hich they stood revealed. fcne*tood up, lookingeuperb ahdfflashW, and lanehed^ a mocking laugh. ' He has told you his history then. Martha Daw son stands before you. Come, you cannot say I ha7e not given you consideration. He gave me a day; I have given you many months. This paper, which bears his precious signature, contains my marriage lines. You can read them if you think they will be interesting, or if you doubt my statement'' The Martha Dawson that was reported to be dead— the woman who had hud the cloud and its darkness upon him during the best vears of his life, had placed it upon Helen beyond the possibility of redemption, ine hallowed past had ended. Tlie trial and the storm had begun, and the waste of suffering and of dishonour was beneath her feet. There stood the malignant woman, with the hot fire in her eyes, with her merciless exultation in look and gesture, in the proud superiority of her sin. ' Dawson thought I was dead. He gave me fiveand twenty pounds to pay mv funeral expenses, and I am hereto-night in very substantial human form, though I did come in to you out of the darkness. I am not a ghost. Look at me.' She pulled her cloakings from her ; she took off her hat and flung it after them ; she stood upright and bright and imposing and handsome. ' I am the wife of Hugh Dawson. Look at me. Do you see anything to disgrace him ? What do I show, standing before you as I do now, that is not worthy of him r Look at me with your critical eyes and tell me if I am the sort of woman whom men can forsake with impunity. He has left me for years, but there was not ore month, mark you, out of all that time that I could not have placed my finger on him.' The finger that had shown the position of the mole that had been levelled at her shadow was now levelled at her. ?? If I have not lived with my husband,. I have known my husband's movements.' She paused and interlaced her fingers lightly before her. ' I being the wife of Hugh Terry Dawson, who are you? ' In the greed to say all that was in her heart ; in her haste to speak all the words she had come so far to speak ; in her desire to pay back to him the con tempt he had cast upon her by the means she guessed to be most potent, and so to stab him, she did not notice that Helen had fallen back in her seat, or that the paleness of her face, denoted more than being stricken. She went on. ' I did not . come to him f©r money, look you. There '» — she dipped her rapid scintillating fingers into the reticule again — ' I have money ; ' and she threw a roll of bank-notes on the table. 'I have not come here to begof his mercy, to supplicate for help, but to bring him and you (who are not his wife) to my terms ; to show him his position, and to show you yours.' She took up the money again, and laughed as' she flung it back and snapped the mouth of the bag over it. When she raised her face, it was can fronted by that of another woman different alto gether from the gentle one of the swooning girl. Mr. Lane used to boast that he never saw his wife angry. If he had 'been in the little parlour on this occasion he would never have made such a statement again. The storm of indignation that was raised shook her. It Mas in her eyes, it had put in an obdu rate unshrinking firmness in her expression. Her strong arms were folded, and she so thoroughly expressed the surge of rage then in possession of her that the black-haired woman was silent, and drew back daunted. Mrs. Lane was resolute and intrepid of purpose when those she loved were assailed. Her huBband, her children, and Helen occupied the whole of her devoted heart. There were gleams in her straight honest look, that the visitor cowered before, and what added to her formidable attitude was the suppressed voice in which she spoke. I ' Leave this house! ' | 'Who are you?' asked the strange woman, draw ing herself up. : 'I have not come here to answer questions, but to make you do my bidding. Take yourself out of this.' ' ' ? Between the porter's wife and the merciless claimant there was a short silence. Labour had give the former strength and vigour. In this position superi ority of intellect Mras of no avail. There was no finessing before those sturdy arms. There was as ! little mercy in her new opponent as there had been in , herself a few minutes before. '?? ' If you are not out of this house and off that plat i form there in one minute by that 'ere clock, I'll j bundle you out, and bundle you off. Set about pick j ing ?.up, them traps of yours at oust. You'll have no time to dress in them falderdals. Are you off ? ' Mrs. Lane had some idea that, before proceeding to extremities, there should be fair warning given. The start she used to give the little ones in their pedestrian exercises occurred to her, and suggested the proper thing to do. ' One — two — three ! ' The speaker was instantly beside the visitor, and a vigorous push staggered her into a chair, whence she saw her hat and wraps and cloak gathered up with sudden dexterity and carried away. She heard the door of the passage opening, and the firm tramp of the woman returning. ' Go after them, they are i lying outside; take j;ourself off ! One — two.' ' The black-haired woman was on her feet in a moment. She turned to look at the sofa where Helen laj% but felt herself so vigorously propelled by the arms* of Mrs. Lane that she was in the passage before recovering,, and the next instant standing out side in the darkness, her reticule on her arm, her wraps at her feet. The brave woman stood in the doorway. ' I said, off the platform — make haste.' The large lady passenger, as Jim called her, flung her clothing around her hurriedly, and walked silently into the night. Mrs! Lane found herself left alone, shaking with excitement. She closed the door carefully and ran ? inside. The colour had left her face, and a dragged look of fear sat on it. When she came into the parlour and saw the motionless figure of Helen, she . put her hands to her head, hoping to assist herself in regaining thought and steadiness ; but she only trembled — as bearing the news of a terrible affliction. Swaying for a moment, she staggered beside the figure in vehement weeping. ' I've heard it all, every word — every heartbreaking word of that terrible story. Oh, Miss Helen, what can we do ! what is to be done r Wake up and tell. Come to yourself till we talk. ' My poor love, that has helped me through the trials, who would have thought it would have come to this ? And this is what our Christmas Day has brought to you and me, and to all of us. It mustn't be known — it daren't be known, this spoiling ;of your life and your happiness. Miss Helen, talk to me — my heart is yours — what are we to do in this sorrow on this dismal night.' Helen raised herself widly, and looked in fear round the room. ' Where is she ? ' ' That woman with the black hair and the glitter on her ? She's gone — I bundled her out, ni'ani. Oh Miss Helen, what is tb be done? ' The Helen of an hour before was dead. There was life and merriment and crooning troUings in the wait ing for /its return ; now, the white face, the depth of affliction, and the sadness and misery of a burthen too great to be borne. ! ' First,' she said hoarsely, and shivering at her j ' thought, whatever it might be ' I must leave this j house; and Jane, I must talk to you alone— alone; let it beiivthA pdn, pz.qwxy. .among the trees— but ?alme.,i]onfebmof/hSpJpi4- fllaeeTdlls nje. The home wnere Iwas-,so happy kills me. Everything here says to me, ' See. what youhave lost' Why could I not die r Come away, I am getting afraid of myself here.' ' Will you stay in the house. Miss Helen, for five minutes, and put some things about you, for going out like? Promise me.' She would promise that, but not for a longer time. Mrs. Lane very abruptly opened the door of her own cottage, and her husband, who was dozing in a comfortable chair sawn from a flour barrel, woke up with a start. The manner and appearance of Mrs. Lane suggested to the head of the house the possibility of trouble, and also the inadvisability of asking questions. . ' Is this the waj-,' she asked, with trembling lips, 'you take charge of the station in your master's, absence ? Go up and sleep there, and take Jim with vou.' 'Butmust.Igo? And the poor little fellow is asleep, Jane.' ff-T^ ' ^i'^' ?' -'';. ?'???' ' -'?'*? ' Jim, dear.V-^looHng ftthim Xjrith her eyes full, and putting her 'shaking-hand on his — 'you must sleep there to-nigirtr^-ydu and sonny.' ' ... When the-'poJrter and his son left for the fresh quarters thafrhad^een allotted them, Mrs. Lane was running, back to ,tti£ Station- master's parlour. She found Helen ditessed'as for a journey, and sitting erect upon one of the chairs, as if she was in a stranger's house. Jim Lane, looking put anxiously, saw that the candle-light was in hisjittlekitchen- windowforalong time before sleep overcame his vigil. Concerning what was said beside th,e; porter's hearth that night none could tell. The ^children stated to each other they heard their mother comforting the mistress. Their mother said she saw her to her own house about 1 o'clock in the morning. When Mr. Lane sought his home, hungry and therefore impatient for breakfast next day, it was not ready. It is true his wife was grilling chops and frying potatoes, and that he had not long to wait. When he sat down patiently for the preparation of the meal, his wife's boots caught his attention. 'Where have you bin, lass r The mud is up to your ankles.' ? ' What could you expect,' she asked, bursting into tears, ' running up and down so often between this and the station to look af^er Miss Helen, Mho was frightened by that passenger you let off and let go to her door last night 'i I hope she is quite well this morning, Jim.' The husband answered that he had not seen the lady that morning, but he would,, doubtless, know shortly, and again he turned to look at the boots, then at the travel-stained skirt above them. ' But you surely have been out r' ' Surely I have. I have been out late and often last night.' Mr. Lane said nothing more, but it dawned upon him gradually how the colour of the mud between his door and the station platform was not like what his wife's dress exhibited that morning. This fact occu pied his thoughts during the forenoon, and when he returned to dinner with a cunningly devised plan of satisfying his doubts, there was not a particle of mud to be seen on skirt or boots. The porter was again hungry, and the circumstance passed from his memory. 