ST. PATRICK'S DAY IN MELBOURNE. REMARKS AND REMINISCENCES. BR GARBYOWEN. (From, The Herald.) When laws prevent the blades of grass, F/om growtopJM they grow; Or when the leaves to summer time, Their color dare not sbow; Then I will change the color, too, I wear in my oiu^eon — Bat till that day, r>lazd God, I'll stick To wearing of the Greeu ARRAH-NA-POGUE. The Shamrock is ' derived by certain funoiful philologists from the Celtic words, Sam, the BUD, and rochora, the beat or ohoaen, i.e., the Sua-flower or the favorite of the Sun ; but its more correct etymology is evidently seamaroge—threeeaved grass—trifalium, repens—the emblem by means of which St Patrick explained to the pagan Irish the existence of God as a Trinity in Unity. At first they could not comprehend the drift of his preaching, when the Saint plucked a trefoil or shamrock from the ground, and holding it out to the wondering assemblage, exclaimed, '" Is it not as possible for the Father, S on and Holy Ghost to be one and the same as it is for these three leaves to grow upon a single stalk ?" The happy illustration carried eueh oonviction to the simple minds of his hearers that their doubts vanished, and they were oonverted to Christianity. In moBt pictorial representations of the Saint, be appears in the oanonicals of a Bishop of the church, crozier in one hand, and a sprig of shamrock in the other. This leafy triplet may be regarded as bis heraldic badge ; and it is remarkable that it beoame associated with the architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries, and as one of its deoorative figures so continued through the successive changes and beauties of all that was resplendent in the Gothic style. There exists a notion—sustained'in, some degree, by botanioal authority—that the shamrock will not bear transplanting ; or, if transferred to other than Irish soil, will either wither away, stricken by a nostalgia, peculiar to itself, or develop into a lusus naturae—a something abnormal, and far and away differing from the genuine article—the real true " Chosen leal of bard and chief Old Krin'e Native Bhamrock." This is a question upon which a large diversity of opinion exists; And no doubt many persons in Victoria will be found to declare that, like the Irishman .himself, the shamrock is a thorough cosmopolitan, and will bloom whereever a " Paddy " flourishes all the world over. Furthermore, I am prepared to hear my allegation denounced as a rank heresy, and my attachment to "my own, my native land, " even doubted by the mere making it. Indeed, I have already heard the questioned ubiquity of the shamrock "sat upon'' by a stern rebuke ; and I have.been more than once shown, as grown in gardens near Melbourne, a species of clover, averred, without the slightest misgiving, to bo the identioal shamrock—an identity of which I had strong suspicions. Some time a?o I was on a visit in a neighboring colony, and spending a day with as worthy a "Soggarth aroon" as ever said a Pater Noster. The conversation turning upon Ireland and her shamrocks, I hinted my belief that there were no real shamrocks in Australia, when my entertainer looked at me with as much astonishment as if my head had been Buddently transformed into a huge four-leaved one. He was as sure of tbeir existence there as he was of the Murray, and forthwith proceeded to submit me to the test of ocnlar demonstration. Now, if the true shamrock could grow any where from home, one would certainly fancy that a priest's garden w«g just the spot where it would acclimatise. He led me to a small patch of olover, In full verdure, and there there were certainly some trifolia, but they assuredly did not appear to me to be the congenera of the sham-, rocks I had gathered long ago at the foot of grey old Slieve na Man, or on the hills of ' Gallant Tipperary." There was a small purple tint or spot on the leaveB, which I adverted to ; but the good " Padre " quieted my conscience by asserting that his shamrock seed had been procured from the vicinity of the far-famed hill of Tara, and there was a tradition in that part of Ireland that the (eddish stain symbolised a drop of the Saint's blood—a line of argument which, .of oourse, at once silenced me. If I should ever have the pleasure of meeting my worthy host again, I shall be prepared to supplement my former opinions with the suggestion that the spotted leaf does not belong to the real shamrock, but to a species of eorrell, to be found in Ireland, very similar in shape to the real trefoil, and, in not, as indigenous to the Emerald Isle. It is very like in name, too, for old Celtic writers eall it shamrog or sour ; and it possesses thip Useful peculiarity over the real shamrock, that whereas cattle only eat the Utter, the sorrell plant may be used, like water-cress, tomatoes, or radishes,' for human food, and makes a palatable relish too, when one gets used to it. The theory is, however, a fairly arguable one, and -presuming there to be any truth in It, a remarkable contrast is offered between the idiosyncracy of the shamrock and the Scotch thistle.. There is a proverb that "the Scotchman is no whereso much at home as when be Is abroad and verily bis national flower follows his example; because, wherever Its seed is cast, either, by," design or accideot, there it growb and jgrowis aha increases and multiplies, until ft culminates into a nuisance too plentiful'and' pungent even: for the patriotism of the most .esurient colony of donkeys ever supposed to be have an existence. But of one thin£ there cannot ; be the slightest doubt, viz., tha$ whether the shamrock can or cannot bepropa^ktecj jnexfle, i the Irishman, If hecannbtcarrythe.tr/ie, triple leaf as a living . amulet with him, haa it photographed upon his heart. "Wherever he goea it .accompanies him, like one pf those good geniiwhioh, according to old Egyptian Relief, watched over •very .human being from the moment he entered the world until he,left it;and until he *oes tinder the green jwdhimself.ita, influence is never dissociated from his existence. It is to this sort of elective affinity that exists between the Irishman and the shamrock, the magnetism through which he yearns for the country of MB birth, must be attributed those celebrations of St. Patrick's day, which have become the special characteristic of Irishmen m every quarter of the globe. With the exception, perhaps, of the Queen's birthday, there is no anniversary in ancientor modern times so honoured in every country throughout the wide world, from the grand semi-military ovations in that greater Ireland (the Irland it Mikla of the ancients,) at the other side of the Atlantic, America,—a country rot discovered by Columbus, but by theKerryman, St. Brendan—to the "spree" of some half a dozen rollicking Irishmen, in some backwoods log hut ; a party of lighthearted diggers round an Australian camp fire; or some nopeful, though poverty stricken, group in the dear old country, who could not tear themselves away from the old hills, the old wells, or the old graveyards, with which all their remembrances and sympathies were affectionately intertwined. The great American orator, Webster, when once testifying to the power of England, as having dotted the surface of the globe with her possessions, described the beat nf her morning drum as following the Sun and keeping company with the^hours circling the earth; and so may it'be said, without A particle of exaggeration, that from noon on Patrick's morning, to noon on Patrick's night, the sun is followed, the hours accompanied, and the earth circled by Hibernian celebrations—from the midnight mass to the midnight carousal ; for the Irish element has penetrated to tvery part of the universe, with an orani presence so marvel" ious as to amply warrant this exclamation of a modern Irish bard :— " A- the great sun sets in glory furled, On ! 'tis grand, I think, to watch bis face— It h'j never sets on the English world, He never, lads, pets "a the Irish raco. In the west, in tue s iuth, new Irolands still- Grow up in his light " There is an amusing, inconsistency as to the date of the celebration of St. Patrick. A3 a role, anniversaries count from the birth of the individual, and birthday commemorations are consequently the correct thing ; but from the uncertainty, or rather ignorance, of the precise period of the Saint's nativity, the date of his obituary (17th March, A.D. 4(55), is substituted, and so continues from that day to this. His conversion of Ireland was accomplished as if by miracle, for, as Moore in his History remarks :—" By the influence of oue humble but zealous missionary, and with but little previous preparation of the snil by other hands, Christianity burst forth at the first ray of apostolic light, and, with the sudden ripeness of a northern summer,{at once covered the whole land Unexampled indeed in the whole history of the church, there was not single drop of blood shed on account of religion through the entire course of this mild Christian revolution, by which, in the space of afew years, all Ireland was brought tranquilly under the dominion of the Gospel," There was much dispute amongst the early Hagiographers as to the Saint's country, some averring him to have been a Scot, and others a Gaul ; but it is now a generally accepted fact that France can claim bim hor son, as he was born at Boulogne sur Mer. His father held the office of Decurio or Municipal Senator—so that if the City Councillors of that remote era were anything like the notables who are now elected as members of municipal corporations, there can be little doubt of the historical veracity of the famous Cork doggrel that— " St. Patrick was a gentleman, Who cams of decent people,"— But here the veracity ceases ; for all the fine rigmarole about " Giving the snakes and toads a (wis , And oauishing ihom for ever " is one of those time » honored fablos, which, often without rhyme or reason, become wound up within the traditions of every people; and,nestling amongst the nursery yarns and old folk lore, are strengthened by repetition and cannot be eradicated. There is, therefore, about as much credence to be attached to the old Irish "Snake " story as to some of the snake stories of our own colony, Jack theGiant Killer or the Leprechaun ; and indeed only one writer of antiquity ever ventured to treat it other than as the veriest joke. Probably it was an allegory that gradually unfolded itself, like a huge snike,on* rf the success of t^e imagined superhuman efforts of St. Patiick,and intended to give figurative expression to the conque 3 tso obtained over the Berpents, snakes and toads of infidelity, paganism and intolerance. St. Patrick's labours werj not, however, unattended with much peril or dancer ; and after escaping seveial attempts at assisHination, he lived to see his great bloodless victory consummated,and died in his seventy-eighth year. In pondering over the extraordinary fact of the conversion of a whole people being achieved without the shedding ot a drop of human blood, one cannot but wonder at the religious and political persecutions to which Ireland was in after years subjected for clinging loyally to the old faith, and the many bloody pa'jes—brightened by occasional illuminated interleaves—which make up that history of stern reality that the great author, Time, writes of every country with cold, unpitying, pen. 1 There is one remarkable peculiarity about St. Patrick, distinguishing him from tnose dther champions of Christendom whose existence is apocryphal, and who float in that aureole of romance which shines only to mystify. He has a personality—a reality which can be.tracid with as much chronological accuracy as that of any of the Anglo-Saxon kings ; whereas, the. individuality of other national saints—and notably the ereat St. George of England—is simply an historical ignisfaiuus— the flash of the romancist, without either (ocal habitation or name ; or rather a kind of spirit-waif floating • through the legendary firmament of antiquity. For instance, the tradition of St. George and the Dragon is to be found cropping up like an apparition in the early mythology of half-a»dozen countries. Indorse legend it assumes the shape of Sigmd and the dragon Fafnir ; in Greek. aa ApoIlo 4ud the Python snake; in Hindu «s Indra and the dragon Vit.ra ; whilst with the Romans it resolved itself into the combat between Her* cules and the triple-headed monster, Cacus. The , English St. George and the Dragon is, therefore, purely an Aryan sun -myth—like William Tell,, the appleshooter, the wolf-killing dog Geilert, Cinderella and the glass slipper, the Little Red Riding Hood, and other brilliant fictions which BO began to weave their spells arouna us in the nursery, and so fascinated our narly years, that it is a pity the cold, merciless, disenchanter, History, should in recent times have demolished such cherished idols. St. George, according to English tradir (ion, is said to have been born in that old city of Coventry—that place of banishment to which social " black sheep" are conventionally relegated—so well knowp in ancient chronicle for the prying indiscretion that brought the inquisitive rascal " Peeping Tom" to grief, and immortalised the fair Godiva— " The woman of a thousand summers back." But it is nothing more than the vaguest surmise where he came from, whether from Coventry orCappuiocin ; and it is even positively alleged that the much-talked of St. George was not the original champion saint of England at all—that until 1220, St Edward - was white Albion's Patron; but the Synod of Oxford in thutyear,deposing him from bis pride of place, put his martlets aside, and substituted the red cross of St, George. One great advantage, however, St. George ha9 had in modern timeB over his canonised brethren, and that is in the pleasant yellow souvenirs amongst the current coin of the realm, on the reverse of which himself and his dragon present themr selves so pleasantly. Whilst you possess one of them you cannot possibly help feeling a " sovereign" regard for it; and though it is as liable to "change" as the most capricious young lady just out of her teens, it never fails, at least for a time, in winning the "golden" opinion of every one with whom it may shake hands. But to quit the shadowy confines of conjecture, and rest on the terra fir ma uf reality, it is a fact that, almost contemporaneous with the settlement of Port Phillip, the keeping up of the anniversaries of national eaints became a weakness with the colonists ; with the exception that the English, Scotch, and Welsh, though enthusiastic, were spasmodic in their herj-worahip. It blazed up one year, flickered a little the next, died out then for two ur three or more, and was then revived. But,to the lasting honor of the Irish,be it said, their love for the memory of their Apostle, as the impersonation of their native land, never expired from 1840 to 1880. The electric battery of annual enthusiasm has never been disconnected for even a single occasion ;—and the green flag which has metaphorically braved the battle and the breeze fir forty years has never been struck, but still flies at the masthead, as fresh, as blooming, and as unflagging as on the day when first unfurled so long and merry ago. A careful observer of passing events, who has been many years in the colony, may, by shaking the kaleidoscope which exists in every human mind, obtain mosaic glimpses'of the occurrences of "Auld lang syne," which, if not always instructive, are often amusing ; and as it has fallen to my lot to have as extended a personal knowledge of the early sayings and doinps of Melbourne as, may be, anyone now living, I may be excused for working my kaleidoscope to recall a few events not irrelevant to the subject of this paper. Of all the men now amongst us, there are, perhaps, no two who had more to do with the olden St. Patrick's Day celebrations than John O'Shanassy and Edmund Finn. Tbe very opposite of each other in many respect?, but always in unison in any movement initiated for the purpose of cherishing the memory of the old motherland from which they both hailed, they invariably worked together, and, when Bide by side at a procest-ion, or dinner, or any other national demonstration (as they usually were), the one being very tall, and tbe other very small, when people Baw them they in fact saw all; for there they were, in truth, the "long" and " short" of it. If O'Shanassy looked down upon his colleague, it certainly was not with the contempt with which he would now possibly regard a "little Miraras;" and if Finn looked upward at his " Jos," it was probably through admiration of his leader, and a desire to thoroughly co-operate with bim. Another very remarkable Irishman was the Rev. T. H. Osborne, a North of Ireland Presbyterian minister, who abandoned the pulpit for the more congenial platform of the press. For years he edited The Herald, subsequently the Melbourne Times, and ultimately moving to the westward, established the Belfast Gazette, represented that district in the old Legislative Council, and died at Geelong. He was the first secretary to tne Melbourne Mechanics' Institute (now Athenaeum,) and was a ruther proBy though logical writer; but his forte was an afternoon dinner Hpi-euh at a Hibernian Festival—hnd in this line I hardly ever heard him excelled. Then there was tbe Rev. P. B. Geogbegan—the "Father" known and liked by every man, woman and child—as great a favorite with the Melbourne Club, as in the humblest home of any of his flock, which he was not above visiting (at any hour of the day or ni?ht when the aid of the " Ministering Angel " was needful. A friend of mine once summed up his characteristics "as tile first and best Priest in Victoria—a true friend and good Irishman" ; and no truer words were ever produced by pen and ink. Arriving in May, _ 1839, as the pioneer o' the Roman Catholic Mission, he celebrated his first mass in a small weatherboard store, on the site of tbe recently dismantled Colonial Bank (St. Patrick's first mass in Ireland was said in a barn), he ought to have been the first Bishop of Melbourne, and wonld have been, but for a " fluke;" for "flukes," I am sorry to say, sometimes prevail in holy as well as unholy places. He was eventually appointed to the See of Adelaide, and died in Dublin gome thirteen yearB ago. In those old times tbe then plain J. O'Shanassy was the great bulwark of the Irish—a kind of Ajax and ID lyases rolled into one, equally ready to defend them with bis strong right arm, as to counsel them in words of wisdom. No pe»on could have rendered more valuable services to the Irish cause than be did. -»nd. his name should be: treasured with a gratitude green and unfading as the shamrock itself. In more re- ; cent years the late much regretted Michael O'Grady came to the front, and took a very prominent part in Irish affairs/ Emigrating, when a little boy, from'the Greta Metolbe world's capital,he fought his wAy to st respectable \- pbsition ; and coming to. Australia, this Irish-Londoner brought with- him an ardent love of the nativesod,and no Iris 1 - movement in Melbourne ever lacked the aid mt his cool head and free hand. For tbe lsist quarter of » century Sir Charles Gavan Duffy was always in the Irish breach; and his speeches at St. Patrick's demonstrations were specimens of scholarly and sparkling eloquence. Something in Milesian style, the " Old Ire- Ianders"used to keep a bard,or fileadh—a specie of poet laureate—to supply Irish odes and melodies for .special occasions. A Mr J. R. M'Laughlin held this office by general acclaim for many years; and some of the effusions of his muse (usually printed in The Herald) had the true Parnassian ring, and possessed no little merit. He was a schoolmaster by profession, and, before the late T. P.Hill was heard of.sometimes prepared"young orators" for elocutionary displays. - The great fault with him was that he was too much of an Irishman; for, not content with drowning the shamrock on Patrick's night, he kept drowning it every night in the year, until both himself and his shamrock went down together. Like too many of his countrymen at home and abroad, he was too thirsty a soul. He was a disciple of that easy-going devil-may-csreieh creed of modern Epicureanism propounded by another "Mac"—the well-known Irish gin-bibber Dr Maginn—in the following " nipping" verse :— " Who cares a pfttato for Solon or Plato, Those dull philosophical pedants of yore ? A glass of good stingo is better, by Jingo, Tha i all taeir flash sayings, th»ir wisdom, or lore. What's gruff Aristotle to a well-plenished bott'e ? With whisky can Socrates ever compare ? If grief should attack us we'll call upon B&cchue;, Ken owned for bis hatred to sorrow and care." Poor " J.R.M." was a man of much culture and rare gifts; he was an excellent teacher, but free-hearted and convivial to a fault. He settled in the OldiCemetery full twenty years before bis time, like scores of others who prematurely cut themselves off as the willing victims of " one bottle tjp re >" There were also a few Irishmen who were specially useful and very efficient hands _ in superintending, marshalling, and conducting all operations connected with the proper ordering of the national festival, whose names ought to be temporarily rescued from the Lethe into which tliey have sunk. One of tbem was a wiry, bustling, talkative old gentleman, Wiiliam O'Farrell, who ttarted in colonial life as a butcher, then an auctioneer, next a Corporation rate-collector, and finally a wealthy commission agent. He was always at his post, and very energetic nt feeds and processions. Next there figured Michael M'Namara, a mercurial tailor, who though not of tall stature, was a very "tall" talker; and though very ready in having his fist up to any man's nose who contradicted him, very seldom we,nt so far aB blows, though he once thrashed Kerr, tbe editor of the Courier, for libelling him. He was from Limerick, and such a gushing Irishman, that when he opened an hotel in Queen street he made quite an Irish curio of it. The establishment itself he called the "Brian Boru" after the great kicg of Munster; the bar door was lettered "Tara Hall;" tbe parlor "Kincora:" and the passage to the yard rearward, "Clontarf." The last was not as inappropriate aB tbe other designations, for some small pitched battles were occas- "sionally fought there ; not between Danes and Irishmen; but such customers as bad imbibed too much ot "Mac's" doubtful tipple, as was not seldom tbe case. He made a good deal of money in Melbourne, but he spent it as it came; represented Gipps Ward for a short space in the City Council; ultimately flitted to that paradise for run-a-ways in California,and died there many years ago. He had some \ery good points, and was unsparing in cash or trouble in promoting every Irish movement. The next that occurs to me is a worthy who I apprehend is Btili "alive and kicking" amongst us, for I saw him the other day philosophising near the "Clare Castle" in Stephen street,—'ho doubt ruminating upon the good old times when this hostelry and its serious-looking boniface were much affected by the Irishry. He is a Mr Christopher Collins, who generally olliciated . as the whipper in of the boys; and no Scotch collie ever rounded up his flock more adroitly ' than he did his recruits when any gathering was at band—either a procession or a burling match, or any other little affair, got up for amusement. He was one of the deftist' painters andhouse decorators in old Melbourne; besides which he had a knack of _ " painting " without a brush whenever he got into a scrimmage, some rare instances of which talent he exhibited in the Queen streets Orange row, on tbe 12th July, 1846. " Christy " was also one of the best shillelagh-men out, an instrument he played on to such perfection that his admirers used to- declare, in tbe hyperbolic language of their country, that with his bit of a stick he could "draw blood out of a turnip." A no leBS remarkable individual was "Paddy" Reardon (lately dead), who was always to the fore in the gone-away days. This worthy's,, understanding was so much impaired that'MB locomotion was "effected only by means of'a wicked-looking crutch; and it proved a very dangerous "crux" to anyone opposed to "Paddy" in a row. With only a leg and. a half to stand upon, the excitement of. &, fi«ht had the effect of migic in fixing him firmly on his pine; and he utilised the crutch in twnbanaed fashion, as a Scotchman would a claymore, spreading dismay around him. The following lAughable incident is a fact:—In. 1860, what is' known as "Tbe battle of the . Picture" was fousht one night in St. Patrick's' ' Hall. The question binder 'discussion; whether a portrait' of thfe then Mr Gsvaii. Duffy should be procured for the St. Pitriclrt Society,^ 'atid much difference. of omnion existed ;5anguage K more.Paean than Parliamentary" (though the phrase has Wen latterly " a good deal reversed) was bandiedyabotlt, ' words'passpd on to blows, and ft general we- , fight was the result, a he late_ M r J g k j • Brogan used to weat tin one of * hia figntJdnd . fingers a gold ring as big «s th'e ' ^ rotthdtbeftopdf'aihilkWgfi.toins ' 'fist a formidable weapon; Witp'tfi" ' •a man down, giving him a haf£l! -sake; Wd of the fallen it certainly never beforeln mansohohdred w<mld afford them an asylum} but it so happened that it was about the most dangerous part of the field, for it was soon rushed; and the prealent, like King .Tnines at the B-a i.e, when he saw how the fortune of war went,was only too glad of the chance to skedaddle, and was not long in doing so. There was a strong table in the aentre of the room, by which I happened to be standing. I was a non-combatant, a position not at all likely to be respected in the mdee:—and as I looked oh regretfully, Beardon and his orutoh came briskly hopping up, and the man requested me to jump upon the table, out of harm's way, and promised that the crutch would take good care that no one touched me. I did so, and during the remainder of the shindy my defender kept brandishing his companion with a Bkill and energy. The pair faithfully fulfilled their promise, for which I ever after felt duly grateful. Mr W. C. Conroy (now of Carlton), and Mr John Mansheld, of Geelong, were also very active participants In the early IriBh celebrations. They were iinnnoiallv 'forward Tn "the "establishment of especially the first Father iorwwu Mathew Society - n tbg coloayi .. and the erection of a Father Mathew hall in Elizabeth street. Another Irishman ocours to my recollection, whom it would be unfair to overlook, for a better fellow, in heart and hand, and a truer Celt never existed. This was Mr Michael Croker, the proprietor of a Boot establishment in Queen street, who subsequently left Melbourne fer the goldfields. If be had remained in Melbourne, he was so well liked and respected by all who knew him, he would inevitably have made a fortune. He is now far advanced in the sunset at life at Blackwood ; but wherever it was broker's lot to pitch his tent it was impossible for him to be without the esteem and goodwill of any person making his acquaintance. There was never an Irish movement, or any good work undertaken in bis time in the city, in which he did not actively and liberally participate. Though last, not the least of these quasi knights of St. Patrick was the finest looking Saxon that ever walked the streets of Melbourne. This was Mr John Stephen, brother of Sir Alfred Stephen, of Sydney, and uncle of Mr F. Stephen the city solicitor, but who ought to be better known ic political history as the inventor of the then happy phrase of " Old Hat," during the Sir Charles Darling controversy. "John" was allowed as an act of grace to practise as an advocate in our police courts, and was for many years a member of the City Council, He was very high in the Masonic Order—being a Royal Arch. It was said he was, in bis early youth, a page in the household, of George the IV when Regent, and used in his convivial moods tell queer and racy stories of life amongst royalty. Though superficial, he was fluent and plausible, and possessed a very agreeable addreBS. He claimed to be semi-Irish, as descended from the old house of Boru, on the maternal side, and always cottoned to the Irish, His fine figure, gentlemanly deportment, and thoroughly accomplished manner,rendered him a great acquisition to Hibernian conclaves of every kind, trom which he never absented himself. He died much regretted about 18 years ago, " St. Patrick's Eve" formed a special feature in those old celebrations—for about half-past II p.m. a Band commenced to parade the few streets of the then Melbourne, playing such tunes as Garryowen, The Sprig of Shillelagh, Gallant Tipperary, Patrick's Day, The Girl I left Behind Me, We Won't go Home till Morning, and other choice selections. An immense crowd accompanied, and the instrumental performance was drowned every few minutes by salvoes of cheering that might be beard miles away. This vocal exercise produced such a dryness of the larynx that innumerable " whistles" had to be " wetted" at every public- houBe on the line of march; and the result was that before the " beating of the boundaries" was half concluded,a large infusion of Heathenism was mixed up with the revelry, for Bicohus had quite as many worshippers as Patriok. Still there was nothing like rowing, appeals to the ;argumcnlum baculinum were unknown, and the shillelagh was as much of a fiction as the Parliament mace when Mr Speaker is not in the chair. There w Are no " broken heads or flaming houses," an*U the carnival was one of good humor and cordiality. The "Procession" always halted at a few particular places to pay the compliment of a serenade, such as St. Franois's Presbytery (the residence • of Father Geoghegan); Judge A'Beckett's, in Collins street east, for he was a general favorite; Mr O'ShanasBy's, in Collins street; and The Herald, offioe, in Little Collins street. The Herald was then the semi-officia organ of the Irishmen; for though its proprietor (Mr Cavenagh) was neither loved nor trusted, Mr Finn was a regular fixture on that paper, and bis " boss" permitted him to do much as he liked_in "cracking up" the Irish Saint and all his belongings. And it paid Cavenagh (as he well knew) to give such a carte blanclic. The early part of the next day was, as a matter of course, a season of tribulation—the passing through that very unpleasant ordeal known as *' Suffering „ a recovery"; „ , and the IriBb uuu „, IO „„„ j homoapatbic specific of "Bome of the hairs i from the dog that bit you," was resorted to. " '" * - ' - ' . - unhomonopathic j doses th%t the curing usually ended inarepe- | titionnf the biting, convalescence being simply | out of the question, until, by effluxion of time, the disease died off on the 18th March, when ! the spell'was broken. Singular to say, not- ' withstanding all this "preliminary cantering " in the drinking line,the St.Patrick's Festivals, ' as a rule, were the most harmonious and | 0rderjy.9f.the national reunions occurring in ; Melbourne. This I say ad\ isedly, because—incredible aB it may seem—as a matter of fact, lor twenty years I was present at every public convivial gathering that oame ; off in the city. In .1840 the first public dinner In honor of 8t. Patrick's dav took place in Melbourne ; but sa lt was ot a somewhat exclusive coterie- and some little snobberywas displayed in the oard-telling. it was as tame as a oat in Hootch" celebrations. The would-be upper it-mvflrFtbln one—held aloof, and it wax iuJlw to «M pith or people the credit of every#ood fU rna^y due. . Iq 1S43 the first St, Patriok's prooession, with drums beating and color" flying, paraded the streets; and "Big John, The mflo who led the van bl the Irish volunteers, arrayed in green scarf and rosettes, marched in front like an animated round tuwer. The processionists were similarly decorated, «md marshalled by two of the Btaunchest Irishmen in the colony—one a curious- looking, crossfaced, but kindly old fellow, named Hughy Gain, who, by a strange incongruity, shared all the affection he was possessed of between St. Patrick and the Freemasons, of which craft he was a P.N.G., or something like it; and the other was a Pat Kennedy— ever only too rsady or willing to be a pat-riot; to drink with you, or knock you down, according to'his humor ; but he preferred the former. A halt was called at the then unpretendinglooking church of St. Francis and the processionists crowding the edi6ce, Father Geogehan preached one of those sermons ot his, which (siti peneris) would move even a "Turk, Jew, or an Atheist." The procession returned as it came ; and in the evening there was an Irish ball at the Royal Exchange Hotel—then on the now site of the Bank of New South Wales—kept by an Irishman of the very non- Hihernicised name of Campbell. The annual procession was kept up for a few years, until an Orange row in 1846 led to the passing of the Party Processions Act, still in force; and though there were strong doubts whether it applied to the Irish processions mentioned, they were discontinued, or rather suspended, for peace sake ; but in later years they were resumed on a much more extensive scale, and the annual demonstrations now to be witnessed cannot be excelled anywhere out of America. In 1845 a very successful St, Patrick's dinner came off at an hotel.known as the Builders' Arms, in Little Collins street east, where Henry Moor—Melbourne's most popular Mayor—was a guest. It was presided over by Mr O'Shanassy, who made the best speech, in proponing the health of the Queen,I baveever heard.Thi6 toast is generally knocked off with a few commonplace, fulsome phraBes (a very bad compliment, by-the-way); but upon this occasion the chairman, by mere massive eloquence, and most appropriate illustrations, gathered from historical research, lifted it out of the beaten track, and made it virtually the toast of the evening. On the 17th March, 1846, the same place itnessed a more numerous gathering. The otel WBB built in at some distance from the treet alignment; and to provide^ sufficient lbow-room for the feeding lions, Mr im Lane, the host, had put together a semiweather-board, semi-canvas cross between a tent and stockade, which was dignified with the name of pavilion. Here about 500 Melbournians—mostly Irish, but well sprinkled with other nationalities—congregated, and the utmost enjoyment and enthusiasm prevailed. O'Shanassy presided ; the poet-laureate , recited an ode, and trotted out a couple of his i show-scholars, well primed for the occasion; I and Saxon " Johnny Fawkner" became so captivated by the charms of the green, or the 1 "creature, "that lie actually treated the company to a song. Some capital speeches were made, specially by the chairman, Dr Greeves, Messrs Edward Curr, Finn, O'Farrell, and Hayes; but Father Geoghegan distanced them all. As a preacher he has never been beaten here ; and a<* a post-prandial orator it was not easy to find his equal. On this evening he responded to the toastof " The Clergy of all Denominations;" and the following extract from his address is inspired with such a spirit of liberality, that it is well worth re-producing, and cannot be read without advautage, not only by Irishmen, but every one else wishful to learn a good lesson conveyed in a phraseology as eloquent aB attractive :—" 'Tis the assertion of freedom in the most inalienable, the most sublime prerogative, the free and honored right of every human heing to worship his Maker according tolhe dictate of his own conscience. Countrymen, had you failed to entertain the assertion of this principle on an occasion like the present, when you meet to celebrate the memory of your native land, you would but have usurped the title of Irishmen ; those emblematic banners should not have been unfurled, and that splendid harp I see before me, should have been wrapped more appropriately in mourning. But the cry of re 1 - ligioun liberty which gushes, as I know it does, from your hearts, ennobles every generous and pa'.riotic feeling which has brought you together. It imparts a brighter tinge to every color—to every decoration in your beautiful banners ; it gives, as it were, strings to that emblazoned harp, and makes it thrill with those songs of liberty, which burst from tiie chords of your native lyre at the touch of the inspiring minstrels of old. . . . Gentlemen, I am proud, I feel myself a better man, in being thus selected fur the distinguished honor of acknowledging the liberal and highminded sentiment contained in the toast. In the extension of that sentiment, I have been a laborer nearly the entire of my life. _ At an early period my heart Was enlisted in this noble • Arthur en in letters" of gold. ' Let not religion—(said that illustrious patriot)—the sacred name of religion, which even in the face of anienemy should discover a brother, ever b* made a wall of separation to keep ns asunder.' *' For a couple of years the celebrations were held at Smith's Old Queen's Theatre, corner of Queen and Little Bourke streets, where they had every accommodation; for "John Thomas " took kindly to the Irish (and small thanks to him, for big better half was one of them ;) and in 1847-48, the theatre pit and stalls were boarded over, and the drama of Irish nationality was in full swing, from the hundreds of the amateur performers on thefloor of the house, to the applauding dress circle and the tier of shouting goddesses further up; for at this early period women's rights were .BO far respected in. our good city that the ; ladies were admitted by ticket to . witness, if now and then the Irish used to gallantly to the wishes of Nora Creina orMolly Bawn, JBogliah, Scotch, or Welsh fandangoes ,n this -way were out of the quwtlop. In 1650 and 1851 there were a couple of rattling Irish reunions of this kind in St. Patrick's Hall; but this building being rented by the Government as a One- horse Parliament House, the Irish submitted to a voluntary eviction, and had to seek other quarters, which they did with varying fortune; but St. Patrick's day was never allowed to pass away " undrank, unhonored, and unsung." Gold was discovered in Victoria in 1851, and during the following year the whole state of society might be described as one not only of transition, but dislocation, Mammon was the fetisch who commanded universal devotion, and people had no time to give a thought to anything else but nugget-hunting and money-making. All patriotic emotions retired tor a time into a state of coma; and it was no surprise that the regular St, Patrick's celebration should be passed over, which it was. But still St. Patrick's night was not forgotten. A service of p'ate was being procured by subscription as a memento of Mr O'Shanassy's eminent services in the cause of Irish nationality, and it was decided to make the presentation on St. Patrick's niuht. This was done, and the recipient testified his acknowledgments in the unique and practical mode of giving one of the most enjoyable entertainments at his own house that could be got up. In 1854 the Victorian gold mania had not only reached the crisis of the disease, but was on the turn ; yet it w-is a wild, mad, year in Melbourne. The auri sacra fames was as unslaked as ever, but the large nuggets and rich finds of the two preceding years were dropping out of the diggers' luck. It was essentially an Irish year with us, and remarkable for the magnificent welcome accorded to Smith O'Brien, O'Doherty and Martin,three of the Dublin State prisoners of '48, who were conditionally pardoned, ft rid were departing from their island prison ofTasmaniato Europe, via Melbourne. They met with a right royal reception in Melbourne, received valuable presentations, and were entertained in a sumptuous manner at the Criterion Hotel, on the Bite of the now new Union Bank in Collins street. But this is a slight digression; for I muBt call attention to the St. Patrick's dinner of this year, which was also held at the Criterion. In consfquence of the disorganised state of society, and the enormously high priceB uling for everything, the getting up of the ntertainment was no easy job; _ yet it as effected through the exertions of essrs Donovan and Gallagher (two embers of the City Council) and Finn. hen I say that the tickets were three guineas ach, and three hundred persons assembled, ne may have some notion of the difficulty of he task accomplished. Mr O'Shanassy preided, and as the convives determined to have he value of their money out of the host—a ute Yankee, the well-knowB Sam Moss—they ent in for it in real earnest. Amongst the ompany was a very original character, known s " Tim" Lane, who, from a comparatively liumble position, had, through the combined . . . . - Lfluence of tavern-lieepmg and tavern specu ations, reached an income of 'some thousands year. " Tim" was proud of his country, but rouder of himself and the great man bis money made him. He was very illiterate • but a" certain quaintaess of expression, an J peculiarity of gesticulation, or rather grimao^, made him quite a favorite when on his legs; for if one could not admire either his i actiun or his oratory, the greatest Puritan on earth could not help laughing heartily at bnth. "Tim"had, during the evening, by his attentions to himself, verified the aptness of the m< deru definition of appetite—i.e., " whilst eat.inp to be happy, and when done to be tightand by the time the official programme of toasts had been gone through, he nas both "happy " and "tight;" and, what was most unusual with him. would insist on giving a toast of his own. "'Tim," on alt public occasions, was as prone to perpetrating " bulls," as if he had all his lifetime been employed herding horned cattle ; and he was never out '.f blundering in anything but mo. ty- grubbing, where he manifested a fl.rewdness worthy of the proverbial Israelite. Having obtained permission to submit his sentiment, he electrified the good-humored audience by asking them to drink " Health aud locg life to St Patrick, Ireland's great Apostle, who arrived in that country mounted upon an ass!" The uproarious merriment which drowned this outheaval of Corkonian genius swamped all "Tim's" half-frantic efforts to explain whether it was the Saint or the country thit wm iisti iiie <>n the " EddariV' But, «ifch all his faults, " Tim" was not a bad fellow, and, like many another successful colonist, though be toiled long and hard to catch the gold, he could not hold it when be had got it, and wasted it like ditch-water during the last ten years of his life. In January, 185G, a sensation, not altogether confined to Irish circles, wan Cltused by the arrival in the colony of Mr Charles Gavan Duffy, and no other new arrival ever bad a warmer greeting from all classes. His debut to a Victorian public was made at a public Hinnflr dinner given (rivpn to trv him Kim at q> Hockin's tTnntin 1 , Hotel, tf-iV«1 corner of Elizabet h and Lonsdale streets, and it was about the most extraordinary dinner that ever came off here. More hard drinking has taken place at some of the old Scotch festival?, and the proceedings coold not equal the disorder of "The Old Colonists'" gathering in 1853, when the then biggest and richest man in the colony (since dead) jumped up on a table, and pranced like a bull in a china shop, amongst the glasses and decanters ; yet almost before the speechifying commenced, it drifted into a regular nwsMpree, and so continued to the end. Ttflratftl* was filled by Mr O'Shanassy, and it was on this occasion that Mr Duffy committed himself ft) the declaration of back-bone and spinal marrow" Irishism—a phrase which afterwards became historical, and has been repeatedly twisted from the meaning intended, when read with the context. Of hiB speech that evening (his first publKpronummncrUo in the oolony), Mr Duffy need have nothing to recant, for there were lew after-dinner speeches ever made that oonld beat it. Mr lmffy's formal presentation to his own conntrymen took place at the next ensuing St„Ealiick!s dinner, which was looked forward to with unusual interest. It was held in St. *ra_ncu!s Hall, in Elizabeth street, and the place was crowded. Mr O'Shanassy was regarded as the permanent chairman of all such demonstrations; but this time Mr E. Finn was to do the presidential honor»7~"HS1)ia served a Icing Lieutenancy in Irish campaign, —under Sarsfield O'Shanassy—but the chief officer never skippered the vessel until now It is recorded '' ttrat the iaTge faall was taste" fully decorated,. and numerous : flaps be(aria> national devices were hung about. The dinner was served up by. Mr Terry; and a band of first-class instrumentalists, comprising a portion of the band of the 40th regiment, much enlivened the proceedings throughout, by playing several- national airs in a very spirited manner." The report says further thatthe chair, man was "supported on his right by Gavan Duffy Esq., John O'Shanassy Esq.,M.L, C„and other gentlemen; and on bis left by Dr G'eogeghan, Dr Greeves, M.L.C., and several of the Catholic clergy." It is worthy of note that of the clergymen present that evening two of them (Drs Googeghan and Shielj afterwards became successively bishops of Adelaide, and both died in harness as ench, As much speculation was rife at this time ag to Mr Duffy's purpOBeB and prospects, thefol. lowing extract from the speeoh of the chairman, in proposing the toast of " Erin go BragbJ and Charles Gavan Duffy," will be interesting,as serving to show, when compared with the then future, as oan now be done whether the remarks of the speaker have or have not been, more or less, or, not at all borne out by the impartial test of experience! " It would be superfluous for him (the chairman) to dilate upon the value of such an importation" (Mr Duffy), " for in the present 1 crisis of the colony, an honest, able, and incorruptible public man was a pearl beyond all price. . . . There ia no country in the world presenting such an opportunity for men of integrity, capacity and experience ; and that Mr Duffy had a useful arid brilliant future before him there could be little doubt." Mr Duffy's speech, in reply, was a brilliant utpour of Irish eloquence, vindicating the name and the fame of tthe sea-divided Gaels;" nd Irishmen, in the year 1880, cannot fail to ead the following paecage admiringly:— Out of our small island, on the outer rim of hristendom, came the apostle who brought to he greatest part of Europe tbe light of Chrisian truth. Franoe, Scotland, the States nf ermany, Flandera and Switzerland count mong their national benefactors the holy issionaries of what was in those ays called the Island of Saints, Loud cheers.) If France Bent to Ireand the national apostle whose festival hey were then celebrating, Ireland had not wasted the gift he brought, though she guarded t against all perils, and carried it to the arthest corners of the earth. In modern history Irish soldiers bad played as conspicuous a part. The history of the world wai changed y a regiment of Irish at Fontenoy, In Spain, ustria and. France some of the noblest families inherit the name, the nobility and the wealth won by Irish soldiers. (Cheers-) He bad stood himself, in France and Belgium, by the tombs of hundreds of Irish soldiers and scholars, who had written their names in tbe histories of these countries; and at this time there was not a free and powerful State in the world in which men of Irish blood did not stand in tbe front rank." (Cheere). O'Shanassy, Drs Geoghetran.Shiel and Greeves spoke with much effect, and a welldeserved two-fold compliament was paid to the first-named. In the course of the evening, Mr Duffy, in the speech already referred to, declares:—"Every enlargement of Australian liberty bad them (the Irish) for zealous friends. Every enemy of Australian Tights had them for uncompromising antagonists. Look at the men they produced. He would name the two foremost, Mr O'Shanassy, in Melbourne; in Sydney, Mr Plunkett. What treasure for securing the religions liberty of any class, however, obscure or insignificant, had not John O'Shanassy Bupported or originated? What extension of popular power had he not championed!" The late Mr Stephen Donovan at a later period in toasting "The Land of our Adoption," concluded by coupling with it " one of the greatest names in Victoria, John O'Shanassy, a man who had done more' for this colony than perhaps any other man." It very rarely happens that Colonial,; Governors' unbend Euffiolently t6 honor' national festivities with their presence, as they are disposed to draw tbe line of convivial intercourse with tbe public within such circumscribed circles as mayoral feeds, medico dinners, and Ministerial junkettings. Still there are exceptions to this rule, as to. every other. When Sir Richard McDonnell was Governor of South Australia, he attended St. Patrick's celebrations ; and, to his credit he it said, Major- General Mao Arthur, a native of New South Wales, when administering the Government of Victoria in 1856, was a giiest at an Irish dinner in St. Patrick's Hail, presided over by , the lata Cr Stephen DnnoVan—arid' a most enjoyable meeting it was. When tbe legislature changed the venue from the Hall to the new Parliament Houses, the simple, solid' oldfashioned dinner seemed to die out; and, no doubc to suit the wishes of the rising {generation of young men and maidens of Irish descent, who preferred a lighter and morelively mode of honoring the great anniversary, the ball and supper came into demand, and have, with tbe exception of one year,been the ruling notion since, The Emerald Hill Mechanics' Institute was the arena of a couple of oplehdicl entertainments in 1859 and 1860, These were brought about mainly through the exertions of Messrs P. J. Martin, Hanna, Godkin, and Doll^rd, and on each occasion the late R.. D. Ireland wat the star of the evening. Mr Ireland hftjl few compeers as a boon companion, and bis company and his speechifying 1 on festive occasions never failed to add eclat to the'event in process of celebration. He'was about as accomplished a sample of amalgamated brogue and blarney, with the roughness of each rubbed off by education, as I ever hobnobbed with ever a mahogany. There was a grand gathering nf the 'clans at the annual ball and supper at St Patrick's TT..1T Hall !- in 1863, -lOOO _» when - the 11-- two ^.Tr Irish T - i great j. guns, O'Shanassy and Daffy, were present. Mr, Martin Hood was the supper chairman, and : Mr Francis Quintan, the barrister, made a dashing speeoh: The specialty .of the evening' wa* the presentation of a silver cup to Mr E. Finn as, ao aayeth the inscription, " a'token of high regard for his patriotism and private worth." The speaking' was unusually good, and the enjoyment nnmarred by a sibgle contretemps. Afterthr" pfciiretitttion" wktmade arid acknowledged, a bottle of olaret was loured into the cup, and partaken of by fySbaMsay. Duffy, and Finn ; and if some bottle imp. gif'ed with tbo nee of a tongue, fcSi been at hand to ask, " When will ye three • d ri nk again ?" the answer might well be •"Never;" for O'Sfcanassy and Daffy's friendly oeisonal relations were broken np ROOD after, ind have not been since restored. It may be * wen to say that Mr Hood was prevented from joining the potations in consequence of his allegiance to the gr^at. tea and water cause of Father Mathew. This is the more remarkable as he corned from the wh^kieet part of all Ireland—old Galway—the "Oitie of the Tribes," and that inexorable warden, JameB Lynch Fitzstephen, whose execution of his ewn son for murder, in 1493, is treated in a olever metrical romance by a Melbourne journalist—the son and namesake of William Carleton, the dux of Irish novelists—and has passed the whole of his colonial existence in the region of spiri'uous and fermented liquors, Bat though he ebchews all practical acquaintance with the barley-bree, he is very partial to "hops." served up in the more alluring form of TerpBichorean accompaniments, and consequently he would as soon think of committing manslaughter as absent himself from a St. Patrick's ball. In 1866, St, Patrick's day falling on Sunday, the " St. Patrick's Eve" preceding was signalised by a double event, viz , a ball in the (then) Exhibition building in William street, and a dinner at St. George's Hall, iu Bourke Btreet. The Ball, was as exhilarating and merry as any of its predecessors, but the dinner was the attraction of the evening. It was got up miin'y through the indefatigable exertions of the late M. O'Grady, and though there may have been more numerously attended symposia, it would be difficult to witness a greater success. Ab .ut 300 sat down, and the chair was taken by the hon. (not yet Sir) J. O'Shanassy, the late hon. B, Williams filling the vice-chair. There wa-a good sprinkling of M's- P. about the chairman, aad this was the first time in the culony that a judge nf the Supreme Court de?c-nded from the bench to do homage ±u St. Patrick. Mr Justice Molesworth, to his honor be it spoken, threw off the ermine for the shamrock wreath, and acted as the chairman's b-st man. It wan with no little amusement I heard this night for the fitst time sung, and in the be ir'ng of an English or Irish jud-re, that terrible song about " hanging men and women for the wearing of the grein;" not the sweetly flowing version of " The Wearing of the Green," as written hy Henry Grattan Cur ran, but Boucicault's rousing parody, which seems destined to supersede the other in public favor. But, after all, what is there in a song—especially one eo overdone as this ? and there was in reality nothing more in hearing it chanted on St. Patrick's night than that grand war ode, "Scots Wha Hae," at a Burns festival. I forget the name of the Bongster, but he and his song brought down the house. Amongst the letters read excusing non-attendance, was one from Sir Francis Murphy (then Speaker) declaring "that, from the exhaustion consequent upon twentyfour hours' continual sitting of the Legislative Assembly, he was physically unable to attend," which shows that even in the pre- Gaunson era there were plenty of disturbing barometrical influences operating in the Lower House. Mr O'Shanassy, though just recovered from severe indisposition, was in good speakine form. In proposing " Ireland— Our Native Land," he declared that " he had taken part in many similar festivities, but be could not remember anything equal to the present meeting. Without anything like organisation, without any advertising in the newspapers, he found before him a large assemblage, not only of the natives of Ireland, but including also many who sympathised with that nation,from England, Scotland and Wales, all joining in furtherance of an object which he believed to be one of the greatest necessities of the country, viz.—the social consolidation of the people." Liter, in giving the toast of "Australia—Our Adopted Land" he declared " that next to fidelity to thfir native land Irishmen were chiefly remarkable for fidelity to the Boil on which they resided. Fidelity was the first principle ID an Irishman's heart. Fidelity to father, mother, relatives and country, was the distinguishing trait of the Irish character ; and none were more likely to be successful in forming a colony than Irishmen." The St. Patrick's celebration of 1878 occurred at a time when the political heavens were draped with the Bhadow of Black Wednesday, and excited much general interest, as it was expected there would be a cluster of members of Parliament there, and amongst others the two great Irish Field-pieces—the Irish knights, Sirs O'Shanassy and Duffy, and the "coming man" and member for Clare,Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. The two first I happened to know well, and often heard; but I felt much curiosity to witness Sir Bryan's debut in this—to him— novel arena ; for it was his first appearance upon the Irish Btage, at least ia this colony. Other motives also urged me. In my schoolboy days I used often hear the name of his father— the first Baronet and trnsty compatriot of O'Connell, in the glorious struggle for Catholic Emancipation—spoken o f in terms of grateful affection by the Irish people; and aB I arrived at man's estate my mind often reverted to the great Master of the Rolls, the first Roman Catholic elevated to the Irish Judicial Bench since the Revolution, prematurely cut off by death in the nnon-tide of his fame, amidst the regrets of a nation—br.t leaving after him a 'darum, ei vmerabile rwmen—a grander inheritance than the baronetcy so deservedly bestowed en him. I, therefore, always took " " Ii the career of his sons. I had also been recently amusing myself with a perusal of that veritable chronicle, the Victorian Men of the Time, which informed me that Sit Bryan was the senior lineal representative to the representation of trie O'Loghlens, Princes of Burren, a territory on the north-west of, Clare, »nd on the bay of Gal way," That they were possessed: of no less than twenty- one castles until' Ireton' (Cromwell's son-in-law),dispersed them iol650: afid that they were famous for fighting b °th at sea and on land, from the days of Brian Boru to the battle of Aughrim when the family was almost annihilated under the ill-starred St. Ruth ; and thus it 'Came that I had an unaccountable longing to see how a modern Prince of Burren would do his devoirs to hia patron saint at the anti; podes. I aceordingly attended, but, to my diaappointment, found that, through personal or political considerations, neither O'Shanassy nor Duffy was in his place. The two then members for WeBt Melbourne, O'Loghlen and Andrew, had,however, put in an appearance, and, so far, io a degree, I was satfcfied. The chairmac, (Cr. Carrol, of Hotbam) discharged his duties in a very perfunctory, though satisfactory style, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen wassoon bis legs, proposing the toast of the evening, Our Native Land." Hie speech was f imply a creditable mediocrity, a string of carefully prepared allusions to the green hills, green valleys and flowing rivers of the Green Isle, with a reference to the volunteer era of 1782, and a quotation from Moore's entrancing melody of the "Shamrock. It was delivered ore rotundo, without slip cr stumble, and a confident monotony not quite suited to the occasion. In fact, there was more of the Dutch Meinheer than the Irish Paddy about Sir Bryan; but not a scintilla of that vis vivida, which I was wont to associate with first-class Irish oratory.To say that Iwas disappointed, is to say what I felt; but I have since been led to believe that Sir Bryan figured to more advantage in the Legislative Assembly, where, in all probability, the close state of the atmosphere, and the_ "burning questions " debated, enabled him to infuse more of the fire of genius into his addresses. But the speaker who followed Sir Bryan presented such an antithesis as I have rarely, if ever, witnessed. To point the difference between the two is like comparing the fizz of a flask of sparkling Moet with the glug of a bottle of "flat" beer. This was Mr S. V. Winter; audit waBnot the subject matter of his remarks that made such a "hit," but the very novel—in fact unprecedented— course he adopted. In proposing "TheDay we Celebrate," he imported into his address some beautiful stanzas on St. Patrick's day, from the pen of Dr England, an American bishop, which told tremendously. Winter iB a splendid elocutionist, and, throwing his whole heart into the subject, gave his audience such a treat as is rarely accorded on such occasions. The cheers which were before freely given to Sir Bryan, were now swelled into a salvo of rapturous acclamation ; and— what through a largp experience I never knew to be done before—Wint6r was absolutely encored ; and, after giving a repetition of the poetry, resumed his seat amidst protracted thunders of applause. Mr Andrew also spoke briefly and appropriately, but with Buch extreme nervousness that if only the irascible head of his bete noir, Munro, could have just (popped up at the time, a Bingle glance of the Scotch terrier eyes would not only have "scotched,"' but killed him. If anyone then ventured to hint to me that a day would come when Andrew would beard and badger the Colossus of building societies, as he has eince done in the Assembly, my reply would assuredly be an emphatic " Never, never, never." With the exception of the event last mentioned—excepted for the specialties connected with it — it is as well that any of the other celebrations of more recent years should be excluded from this sketch—because they cannot be dealt with so appreciatingly aB those memories which have acquired some mellowness from age. It is an amusement for me to sometimes go upon fishing excursions amongst the waters of byegone days ; and, buoyed by reflection, to float back on the river of Time, noting some of its almost forgotten currents, and rescuing from its deeps and surfaoe some of the flotsam, jetsam, and ligar, everywhere scattered about. In the shreds and patches thus put together—in the threads of events so gathered and woven into a sort of web—clumsy and inartistic as it may be—a resume of St. Patrick's celebrations is offered, which, so far from doing discredit to the Irish section of our population, redounds very much the other way. Sir Gavan Duffy, in the brilliant speech previously referred to, thuB appositely discourses on the relative allegiance which a man owes to his native arid adopted lands:—" He thought it & wise and generous practice to keep alive the memory that bound men to their native land. It was good for their new country that they should not forget their old one. However loyal and affectionate citizens they might be of Australia, they could not have felt that first mysterious love a man feels towards his mother country. It did not contain the graves of their fathers, or the bones of their martyrs or heroes, nor the homes of their childhood, nor the altar where they first knelt at prayer, nor the scenes of early friendship or love. A man can have but one mother and one mother- country. Busmen go forth from their first home and marry. They had married Australia, and they would be faithful 'till death doth them part'; but God forbid they should forget their dear mother Ireland." More truthful sentiments could not possibly be uttered. Depend upon it ,the best hostage anew countiy can hold from a man is his affection for the old one, and the good Irishman can hardly fail to be the better Victorian. Depend upon it the people who cherish their love of country as if a divine spark of the inextinguishable fire of Irish tradition which "Like the bright lami* that shone in Kildare's holy fane, "And buried through long ages of dari neis and storm" are not likely to be deteriorated by such a species of idol worship, and it is a good augury, both of men and times, when the great festival of St. -Patrick, the National Sabbath of the Irishmen's year, iB celebrated with that overflowing enthusiasm Bo'peculiarly congenial to the season. Wafted along by passing centuries, and never dying through all the vicissitudes of time and circumstances; surrounded by * prestige tha.t fourteen hundred years alone can . confer—to the leal-hearted Irishmen, the anniversary of St Patrick should have a figurative as well as an actual significance, and be regarded as » period when, like a true knight,(whether at •ipubliccelebration or not) he renews his vbws ;beft»re the shrine of his favourite saint, In doing BO lethimstriye to profit by the past, and peering into,the rainbow prism of the future, resolve .to serve wtyb truth and loyalty his past and his adopted country } picturing before his mind's eye a? a tableau, a' phantasm of the emblemB so nationally representative of both, viz—The shamrock-circled harp smiling in the starlights of the Southern Cross; the eagle and the emu, the kangaroo and. the wolf dog—couchant under the interlaced branches of the Irish Osk, and the Australian EucalyptuB,—The whole Bar- mounted by a "Sunburst" illuming that legend that will endure as long as Croagh-Patrick or Mount Macedon—as the Shannon or the Yarra —Ireland's unchanging, hallowed, and timehonored motto, 