THE INSOLVENCY CASE OF EBENEZER WARD. At the risk of being accused of malevo lence we feel called upon in the interests of the public, to direct attention to the extraordinary proceedings in the Insol vency Court on Tuesday in the case of Ebenezer Ward. Knowing something of the career of the late possessor of Para Wurlie, we were quite prepared to expect that his business conduct would, during his passage through the Court, be gauged by a different standard from that com monly applied to the actions of business men who have made shipwreck of their prospects in life, but we were scarcely ready to find that the ordinary rules of commercial propriety would be so far subordinated to his interests. Any stranger reading the report of the case might reasonably come to the conclusion that Mr. Ward has been, if not a cruelly ill-used man, at all events an unhappy victim of malign circumstances. We do not say a word against the latitude allowed him in appealing to the generous consideration of the Court, for wherever he may be necessity is laid upon him to ' orate,' and the Commissioner may well be pardoned for allowing him scope to his eloquence, albeit it was for the most part of an irrelevant order. Similarly we make no serious complaint as to the decision actually arrived at, seeing that the opposition entered was either absolutely informal or not pressed with much vigour; but we altogether demur to the line of defence taken up by Mr. Ward, and practically endorsed by His Honor, that the forbearance of creditors went far to absolve the insolvent from responsibility in connection with the hopelessly em barrassed condition in which he found himself. If we even casually examine into the facts we find that Mr. Ward when he embarked upon his agricultural and pastoral un dertaking at Para Wurlie was not at all sure of his position. He does not venture to say that he was solvent, but under the influence of that sanguine temperament which, in the Commissioner's judgment, is evidently a palliation for a multitude of eccen tricities, he entered upon his great enter prise. Neither is there anything to show that at any time since then has he been able to pay 20s. in the pound. His own naive admission is that he had no income to manage, but he manifestly conducted his expenditure in a princely fashion. He assumed financial responsibilities with a lofty courage ; he purchased sheep by the thousand, and went on building up his estate with the liberality of a man having a large fortune at his disposal. From time to time it appears suspicions crossed the minds of his creditors that all was not going on well, but Mr. Ward was able to satisfy them and to secure further advances from confiding friends. In the full tide of his apparent prosperity he disdained the drudgery even of manage ment. His political career was dearer to him than the attractive black- grass plains of Para Wurlie, and misgivings as to the future were silenced in him by the proud consciousness of being Minister of Education at a certain salary— while it lasted— of £1,000 a year. Unhappily the salary did not last so long as he had anticipated, and then misfortunes seem to have crowded in upon him, and when the crash came it was found that he had in the course of a very few years drifted to the bad to the amount of £8,000 or £9,000. The question was raised in the Court on Tuesday as to whether his losses were all unavoidable. The generality of business men will come to the conclusion that to some extent at least they were avoidable— that, in fact, they were the result of neglect and mismanagement, of a reckless disregard of the inevitable consequences of a certain line of action, or rather of inaction. Indeed, the plain inference from the evidence is that the insolvent undertook duties for which he was not naturally suited, and thus threw away that opportunity of doing well for himself and his family which at the beginning of his venture appeared to him be brilliant. It cannot be denied that those who rashly supplied him with the means for so much display as he was able to make deserve little sympathy on account of the losses they may have in curred through him ; but it is a novel doctrine that the long- suffering of other creditors, who, on account of the repre sentations of Mr. Ward, allowed him to carry on, instead of declaring himself un able to meet his engagements, should be held as a condonation of his conduct in delaying his insolvency. There is indeed much that strikes us as questionable in the judgment of His Honor. Correspondents writing to us point out that the facts are strained to find excuses for the insolvent, and we are bound to say that there is some ground for the complaint. The Commissioner offers a sort of apology for bringing to bear arguments strangely at variance with those which he is wont to apply against persons brought before him. What could be more inconsistent with the position he has been in the habit of taking up than such a sentiment as this : — ' One could not blame him for delaying the declaration of his insolvency, for the last thing a man thought of was to rush into Court, especially if he happened to be a man of some sensibility as to his position.' Is it for the future to be regarded as a commendable thing in the estimation of the Court — an evidence of sensibility it may be — that a man should delay adopting means for re lieving himself of his liabilities and at the same time protecting his creditors when he feels himself to bo irre trievably embarrassed ? We cannot be lieve that the Commissioner wishes to lay down such a rule, or that he desires to hold out a premium for that which, particularly under the Bill passed this session, is regarded as a thing worthy of the severest reprobation. We need not go at length into other points in connection with the case, but we cannot help calling attention to the characteristic coolness of Mr. Ward r in claiming consideration on account of the long time during which his insolvency proceedings have been pending. The delay, it will be remembered, has been largely, if not entirely, due to his own default, and once or twice he has incurred the displeasure of the Court by his inattention. All that remains to be said is that in this instance, as in many others in Mr. Ward's experience, audacity has won the day. The process of extinguishing a deficiency of £8,873 12s. 9d. is complete. The late member for Gumeracha is free to indulge fresh Parliamentary aspirations and enter upon a fresh political career, while his creditors may console themselves with his cheering assurance that he 'quite expects his estate will pay 2s. in the pound !' Retirement of Sir George Kingston. —The contemplated retirement of Sir George Kingston from public life at the close of the present session was very pro perly made the occasion of a short debate in the Assembly on Wednesday. There are few men in South Australia more entitled to the gratitude of their country than Sir George Kingston. He has been identified with the history of the colony from its very foundation, and has con tributed in no mean degree to the building up of its institutions and to the promotion of its interests. His personal connection with the local Parliament dates back to 1851, and ever since then he has taken a prominent part in shaping the laws, his sympathies in matters of legislation being on all important matters entirely on the Liberal side. He assisted in framing the Consti tution Act now in operation, and has held almost uninterruptedly a seat in the House of Assembly created by its provisions. Nearly a quarter of a century has elapsed since the first House met, and, with the exception of two or three years, he has during that time had the distinguished honour of presiding over its deliberations. For the discharge of the onerous and responsible duties of Speaker he has proved himself singularly well qualified. Although of a somewhat impetuous temper, and inclined at times to push his authority to the extreme, it is only simple justice to him to say that he has so acted as to maintain the dignity of the office, and to command the universal respect of the members. It is no idle tribute to declare that he has by his readiness, his firmness, and his fidelity to constitutional prece dent, aided materially in winning for the Assembly the reputation of being the most orderly and business-like legislative Chamber in the Australian Colonies. His intimate knowledge of the Parliamentary history of the colony, combined with his thorough acquaintance with the rules and orders of debate in the Imperial Legislature, have served to ensure for him in his capacity of Speaker the confi dence of the House, which has been accustomed to yield prompt obedience to his rulings. It may be possible to obtain a Speaker of greater tact, but it will be hopeless to find one more conscientious, more generally impartial, more attentive to his duties, more learned in Parliamentary pre cedents, and more apt in applying them, and, finally, more fitted to fill the Chair of the Assembly. Having had occasion now and then to criticise the action of Sir George Kingston we are all the more anxious to bear testimony to the satis factory proofs he has given of excep tional fitness to fill the office from which he intends to retire at the expiration of the present Parliament. We cordially echo the hope that having so efficiently served his generation in public capacities he will now enjoy some years ' of well-earned repose. The Licensed Victuallers Bill.— Thanks to the timely pliancy of the Go vernment the Licensed Victuallers Bill has been safely carried through its various stages, and now awaits the assent of the Governor. It is undeniable that in the compromise which resulted in the passing of the measure the advantage is on the side of the Legislative Council. That Chamber, while agree ing to give way upon some of the points wherein they were at variance with the Lower House, took their stand upon six of the most important of their amend ments. The Assembly consequently were reduced to one of three alternatives. One of these was to drop the Bill, another to demand a conference, and a third to assent to the amendments. In the end the last mentioned course was the one adopted. With the best grace he could muster the Commissioner of Crown Lands asked the House to unsay what they had said the previous day, and although divisions were taken, in every instance he succeeded in obtaining a substantial majority in favour of his proposal. We do not hesitate to say that the Parliament and the country are to be congratulated upon the result. Apart from the question of saving the Bill, on the ground of its being on the whole an improvement upon existing legislation, it appears to us that upon their merits the amendments were well worthy of adoption. It is desirable that in cor porate towns one of the Justices sign ing publicans' permits should be a Special Magistrate, Mayor, or Com- missioner, Superintendent, or Inspector of Police: It is eminently desirable that a return of all permits granted should be published weekly in the Gazette, giving the names of the concessionaires, and of the Justices granting the concession. A great deal of nonsense was talked on Wednesday about the necessity of reposing confidence in the men placed upon the commission of the peace. No doubt confidence should be reposed in them, but wherein is it a slur upon them that their acts should be made public 1 If in the past Justices hive in granting permits done what they are ashamed to avow openly, it is clear that some restraint upon their action is called for ; if they are not ashamed of what they have done, why should not their names in future be published ? , Proceeding with the amend ments, it seems to us that the Council had ample justification for insisting upon the provision that a record of all offences of which a publican shall have been convicted should be endorsed upon his licence, and that three or more convictions thus attested may be regarded by the Bench as a bar to the renewal of a licence. We have for years contended that some such clause should be embodied in legislation, and we have no doubt that it -will be found to work beneficially. Should such not be the case, or should the provision prove a hardship to the respectable licensed victualler, it will be easy to have it repealed. Tpon the Sunday-closing question the Council have carried their point that the system now in vogue should be continued. It appears to us that this method of solving the difficulty is much to be preferred to that formerly approved by a majority in the Assembly.* We view with apprehension the granting of permission to publicans to open for even an hour in the evening on Sundays, believing that by the Ies3 scrupulous members of the trade the conces sion thua made would be abused. There is great force in the statement that Nock's Act has not yet had a fair trial, and the new Eill will help to ensure that for it. Altogether it seems to us that the measure as finally passed will prove a wise and serviceable piece of legislation. The Nohtheex Terbhoby asd the Legislative Council. — The Legislative Council have made most important and useful improvements m the Kbrthein Texritoiy Sugar Cultivation BiD. As the measure left the Assembly it embodied a policy which was not self-consistent, and some of the clauses were, as we point ;i out more than once, absolutely unmean ing. The discussion which took place in the Legislative Council two or three weeks ago has evidently boine fruit, and the Chief Secretary veiy wisely assisted to free the Bill from the glaring defects which characterized it when it reached the Council. The amend ments made by that Chamber, which are to be taken into consideration by the Assembly to-day, number twenty. Some of them are merely corrections of mistakes which, through carelessness, had been allowed to remain in the Bill The general effect of the material amendments may be stated in two or three sentences. The measure is now framed so m to en courage the development of sugarplant ing in the Territory. The area wbich may be dealt with under the Bill is raised from seventy to a hundred thousand acrex. All names are excluded, and a'! applicants will be placed on an equal footing, each one being aUowed ten thous?id acrei. During the currency of the contrasts, and until the lessees obtain the free hold of the land, all Imineral rights are to be reserved. The parties re ceiving the concessions are bound within the first three years to cultivate 'and plant with sugarcane in a hubsand like manner not less than 200 acres.' It will thus be seen tbat no concessions are granted to Messrs. Spence & Owston more than are to be given to other appli cants. In the light of facts which nave recently become Known this is onlyju3t The members of that film are in no sense entitled to be regarded as pioneers. AH their preliirinaiy expenses were borne by the Government, and in their inspection of the Territory they re ceived the constant help of Govern ment officials. There is therefore now no question of Dioneers. Until the end of . 1881100,000* acres of hind in the Terri tory will be available for the purposes of the Bill. AH persons selecting land under it will be treated alike, and will be required to engage in sugar-planting. No doubt there will be an advantage in this course, as several experiments wll be going on at the same time, and if four or five of them fail the others may turn out successful. It is a great improvement in the measure, too, that all the mineral rights are reserved during the currency of the agreements. The present object of the Legislature is to encourage sugar - planting', and if any of the land should turn out to be auriferous it will be quite tjme enough for the parties to take advantage of that when they obtain the freehold. As we gather from the state ment made by the Minister of Education yesterday that the Government will not oppose the amendments, we presume the Assembly wiH be prepared to agree to them, as they unquestionably give effect to what was intended when the Bill was carried by the Lower House. With re gard to the Chinese Immigration Bill the Council were disinclined to reverse their former action. It is open to question whether they have acted wisely in taking the responsibility of rejecting the measure ; but they at least have the excuse that they are only carrying out the views expressed by some of the more prominent residents in the Territory. The Government have shown very great uncertainty on this matter. It is, ? therefore, not surprising, thongh it may be regretted, that the Council should refuse to pass a measure which in the judgment of some would not only militate against the prospects of the Territory, but would be likely to have an antagonistic effect to the policy which the Sugar Culti vation Bill is intended to foster. Thh Ihcouixq Mail— The B.&LS.; Bosetta left Albany yeaterdsy afternoon at 3 p.m, and is expected to teach Qlenelg lomewhere about the same boor on Sunday meraing. It is ex pected that she will be able to reach Melbourne nnder these circumstances on Monday night. A alight delay in the sailing of the vessel from Albany was occasioned by her steering gear being disabled. Thb Spbakhh of thh Asskmblt.— In the Lower House on Wednesday the Treasurer said it was no secret that Sir 6. 8. Kingston's state of health was such tbat he bad determined to retire from public life, and in graceful terms he took the opportunity of expressing the general regret of the House tbat infirmity would prevent the hon. gentleman from occupying the position of Speaker, which he had so long filled to the eminent satistaction of hon. members and the country generally. Other members also testified to the deep respect which they entertained for the Speaker, and the umefctnw of bis rulings, and gave utterance to the hope that perfect rest would restore bia health. Sir George Kingston, who was deeply affected, briefly acknowledged the kind remarks which bad been made regarding his services. Passutgbbs fob Mbxbocbhs.— The combined attractions of the Melbourne Exhibition and the Melbourne Gap are causing large drafts ?\ion our population. Three steamers left Port A^laide on Wednesday, October 27, and took u«-vly 4C0 passengers for Melbourne. A large nnai '^r of passages have been booked by the Otic: - steamer Cotopaxi and the RMB. Bo settt Liu-, ExAinsATicw.— We understand that at the - -cent intermediate law examination Mr. V. Carbi Driffield, articled clerk to Mr. B Icgleby, -.C, passed successfully. Gcabx w Hosocb.— The Adelaide Rifles are to form - uard of honour at the prorogation of Parlia iant this day. The men are to parade at the Drill Shed one hoar before the prorogation Thb Out.-. i.'»Atf— The following telegram was posted in . e Exchange an Wednesday: — 'Kingston, t- 0 a.m.— Outalpa sailed for London this morning. ' Cargo— 3,200 bales wooL' Thb Mor : t GakbukSthkh.— The adjourned meeting oJ Me members of the Eight Hours Association ~fU be held in the Metropolitan Hall, GroU- .lircet, this evening, to consider several matr -s with regard to the strike at Meant Qftml-::T. The New Cemetery.— The expiring moments »f the Assembly were occupied on Wednesday with the consideration of the somewhat suit able theme of the establishment of a new Ceme tery. As Mr. Furner remarked, although that might not be the m«st suitable time for the discussion of such a ghostly question, he did not think it inappropriate for a moribund Parlia ment to discuss this grave matter in its last bonts. The occasion waa the adjourned ducuasion en the motion of Mr. Par sons that the site of the new Cemetery should t-e connected with the city by railway. This abstract proposition meS with the approval of every member who spoke, and although some stated that the proposed site near Edwardstown could not be connected with the Naiine Railway on account of the] gradient, others maintained that a siding could be made without any very great expense. An opinion was expressed by many that a site for a cemetery could easily be found on the North line between Adelaide and Gawler; but Mr. Smith pointed out that it would be very inadvisable to establish a cemetery at inch a distance from town that it coald not be reached with facility by road, as wherever it might be placed many persons would not use the tail. The necessity for [funeral reform was incidentally referred to, and regret was expressed tbat the movement in its favour had fallen through in Adelaide. Mr. Darling pro posed as an amendment to add to the motion ' before the cemetery is opened,' and the reso lution with this addition being accepted by the Government it was carried in that form. EThb Lichbekd Victcaixebs Bill.— The As sembly agreed on Wednesday, at the instance of the Govsrnment, and in the face of considerable opposition, not to insist on disagreeing with the amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Licensed TCctuallera Bill. The Sunday-dosing question will therefore remain in the same state as nnder the existing law, with the addition of the local-option principle, which may be applied to it. Thb Ihthbkatiohai, Biflb Match— The firiBg for places in the rifle team of fifteen to be sent over to represent South Australia at the Melbourne Exhibition International Rifle Match takes place to-day at the Fulham Range, and as great interest is felt in the event the scores will be anxiously looked for. Forty-six members of the Local Military Force and twenty-seven from the South Australian National Kifls Association bave come forward to fire for position. Out of these the fifteen highest scorers will be selected. The distances are to be 20O, 500, and 600 yards, and the conditions of course the same as will rule at the match. Ten shots only are allowed at each range in 'this test affair, and all men failing to make thirty points at 200 yards will be shnt out for the other ranges. This will simplify matters considerably. It is expected that the contest will last all day. The men start from the Globe by coach at 11 this morning. Donation to thb Children's Hospital.— The Treasurer of the Adelaide Children's Hos pital acknowledges the receipt of a donation of £20 from the late employés of the South Aus tralian Carrying Company, awarded by them to the above institution out of the surplus funds of their Sick and Accident Society. Thb Northern Thbbitobt Sugab Ocxttva- : tion Biix. — This Bill was taken through Com mittee in the Conncil on Wednesday, and passed through its remaining stages. Several amend ments were made in Committee, the most important being that all the mineral rights on the land to be handed over to the conces sionaires are now reserved till the said conces sionaires shall have acquired the freehold. The b mount of land to be dealt with under each contract was fixed at 10,000 acres all round instead of having different amounts for various concessionaires. It was stipulated that during the first three years of each contract at least 200 acres of land should actually be brought under culti vation for sugar only, and the amount of sugar to be produced was reduced in the schedule from 500 to 250 tons, so as to agree with the re daction of the area from 20,000 to 10,000. Othtr consequent amendments were also made, ird the total area to be dealt with nnder this Bill was raised to 100,000 acres instead of ro.ooo. Ma job Lovelt's Pbizb.— The rifle competi tion for the prize of £50 offered by Major Lovely to members of the South Australian National Rifle Association came oS at the Fulham Bange on Wednesday, October 27, and resulted in the SUathalbyn Company carrying )ff the company prize of £25, with a score of 115, Adelaide No. 1 coming next with 394, and Blyth third with 371. Captain Ferguson, of the Adelaide No. 1 Company, made the highest individual score, 90; Private Jackson, of Stratbalbyn Company, came next with 89 ; and Captain Hall, of Port Adelaide Company, third with 88. Sergeant Jacobs, of Strathalbyn Com pany, tcok fourth prize with 37 points. Seven cotneanies competed; the distances were 200 (standing), 300 (kneeling), and 500 and 600 yards (any position bat bach) ; seven shots at each range. A great deal of interest was shown in the match. The details will be found in another column. Tirs Ofbba.— Balfe's beautiful opera ' Sata nella' wss again performed at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening, Oct. 27, and as on the occasion of its representation last week, there was a large and fashionable attendance. The performance was a thorough success, and the efforts of the performers were generally appre ciated. The piece for this evening will be Anber's romantic opera ' Crown Diamonds,', the plot of which was given in jesterday's issue. Holdfast Bat Railway.— The member for North Adelaide (Mr. Peacock) has been interest ing himself to obtain for his constituents shorter and easier access to the Railway Station by a passage from the Holdfast Bay platform into the road by the Baths, but the Commissioner of Public Works states that the request cannot be granted. 'The yard being so full of timber and railway material, which is being constantly moved about, that no foot path could be kept clear even if it wts made, added, to which there would be the danger of injury to the public from the shunting of carriages, which will take place eg soon as the line is comple^d.' AJthoujh the- concession has not been secured, the action of their repre sentative will be appreciated by the residents in North Adelaide. Thb Recent Labotb Dispttth at Mount Gambier. — Of the men who struck work at the factory of Messrs. Barratt & Andrews, of this town (writes the South-Easttrn Star), owing to their deciding to lengthen the hours of labour from 48 to 53 hoars per week, two have resumed their employment, and the others have, we believe, left the district. Mr. Barratt, who returned from Melbourne on Saturday night, states that he had no difficulty in engaging men on his own terms, and that he has now filled the places of those who left. He farther states that the hoars of labour in Bis branch of trade in Melbourne are ten hours. Mb. Justice Gnxras. — Among the passengers by the JP. & O. steamer Bosetta, for Glenelg, are Mr. Justice and Mrs. Gillies, who are returning to New Zealand after a few months' holiday spent in America and Earope. They purpose paying a visit to their relatives, of whom Mr. John Neil], JJ*., is one in South Australia. Mr. Justice Gillies, before his eleratioa to the Bench, occupied positions in various Ministries in New Zealand as Postmaster- General, Attor ney-General, and Treasurer, and was also elected Superintendent of the Province of Auckland for several years. Aeoeiqines' Fribnds' Association. — The annual meeting of the above Association was held in the ball of the Young Men's Christian Association on Wednesday, October 27. There was a small attendance. His Excellency the Governor presided, and expressed his pleasure at being able to assist in the work which the Association was doing for the aborigines. A report of the past year's proceedings, with statement of receipts and expenditare and full information as to the operations and position of the institution, waa read by the Honorary Secre tary, Mr. C. N. Collison. Its adoption was moved by the Kev, D. O'Donoell, seconded by Mr. H. Hnssey, and agreed to. A resolution expressive of thankfulness for the success which had attended the operations of the Association, and wishing godspeed to all kindred Societies, was moved by Mr. W. D. Glyde. J.P., and seconded by the Eev. Thos. Hope. The officers of the institution were reappointed as ' follows : — Hou. Treasurer, Mr. N. Oldbam ; Hon. Sec retary, Mr. O. N. Oollison ; Committee, Revs. W. B. Andrews. F. W. Cox, W. R. Fletcher, iLA., T. Lloyd, D. Paton. M.A., B.D., the Hon. J. Oolton, Messrs. N. Blyth, M. Goode, H. Ham mond. G. W. Hawkea, S.M., H. Hussey. O. J. Holder, J. Pickering, J.P., and C. B. Young. The Rev. O. Copland and Mr. E. M. Martin also tcok part in the proceedings. A Fastidious Litigant. — Considerable amusement was caused in the Local Court on Wednesday by a female plain tiff who entered the witness-box with a thick veil over her face. She was requested to remove the veil, bat indignantly refused, saying that she had not come there 'to be a barmaid.' As she resolutely declined to reveal her coun tenance she lost her case. Thb Ttexish Baths.— We see by our adver tising columns that Mr. G. T. Bastard intends opening the Turkish Bath in the evening for the future for the accommodation of a large section of the community. Bazaab.— This afternoon the Mayor of Ade laide will formally open a bazaar in the Town Hall in aid of the debt on the Stow Memorial Church. Thh Local Ooubts Bnx.— A great sensation was caused in the Assembly on Wednesday afternoon, on the House reassembling after the adjournment forlancheon, by Mr. Bray moving the suspension of the Standing Orders and delivering himself of the statement that he had heard that it was the intention of the Govern ment to advise His Excellency not to assent to the Bill for the extension of the jurisdiction of Lccal Courta, which ha had introduced, and which had been passed by both branches of the I Legislature. He said he wa3 told that the ! reason for this was that the measure did not provide for the right of appeal which every British subject was supposed to have to the Privy Council in cases involving the amount of £500. He pointed out that if this were so the ! Government could easily obviate the difficulty I by advising His Excellency to send down a mes- I sage recommending that the amount referred to i in the Bill be reduced to £400 or £t50, and he j asked if the House were going to be humbugged j in this way with regard to a Eill which had ! met with the general support of Parliament by ! an objection which hadnever been mentioned j during the discussion of the measure. He j moved — 'That in the opinion of this ; House it is desirable that the Jurisdiction i of Local Courts Bill should be extended j without delay, and that the Bill for that purpose should become law with any amend- ! menta that may be necessary.' The Treasurer, | in the absence of the Attorney-General on j circuit, expressed his great surprise at Mr. j Bray having heard of the intention of the G- i veinment in this matter, which he maintained in consequence of the objection the hon. member had mentioned, was the only constitutional course they could adopt. If the Bill were reserved for Her Majesty's pleasure, and she j assented to it, there would only be a delay of j three months in its coming into operation, j The Government considered that it was a pernicious Bill, as under it the property of I persons absent from the colony might i even be taken away from them without any i right of appeal on their part, and the Ministry i therefore did not consider it was their duty to facilitate the passing of the measure. In the debate which followed the action of the Govern- j ment was,-, with one exception — that of Mr. j West-Erskiue — utterly condemned by the mem- I bers who spoke. The conduct of the Ministry j was described as unprecedented, unparalleled in ! the history of tlw colony, aed unconstitutional, \ besides being entirely opposed to what they were aware was the general wish of the Legislature, and it was foretold that the injadicious step they had taken would meet with its right re ward at the next elections. It was tinted by I some that the Attorney-General in. giving the - advice he had to His Excellency was actuated . by jealousy at the success of Mr. Bray's Bill as contrasted with that of his own, but it was j for the most part admitted that probably j the constitutional objection bad not oo- \ curred to him daring the passage of the ! Bill through Parliament. The motion for the ! suspension of the Standing Orders waa carried by 23 votes to 9; but, as this was not an absolute majority, the Spsaker ruled that the j question was lost. Upon this Mr. Ross said he trusted that the Treasurer would see what was j the wish of the House, and obey its behests, to j which Mr. Mann replied—' I don't propose to do ' otherwise than I have indicated.' Mr. Bray j said he hoped the House would not go on with i any other business nutil they had a distinct - assurance from the Treasurer that their wishes j would be complied with ; and on the motion ; that the House go into Committee for the ; consideration of some other business the Hon. : J. Oolton urged the House, if the Treasurer j would not retrace his steps, to oppose j the Chairman leaving the chair, which, he remarked, would bring matters to a crisis the responsibility of which would rest with the Government. Thereupon the Treasurer took a much more compliant tone, and said he would confer with the Chief Secretary, and inform him of the strong feeling of the House, which he did not for a moment want to go against, and he would be prepared to ask him to advise the Governor to send down a message reducing the jurisdiction of the Lcoal Courts to £400, and giving the right of appeal to the Privy Council on questions of fact as well as law. The result of this advice will be made apparent to-day. Chamber or CoMitEBCa. — The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was held on Wednesday, October 27, Mr. J. Acraman, J.P., Chairman of the committee, presiding. The attendance of members was limited to some half a dozen. The quarterly report, which was adopted, touched upon, the action of the Chamber upon the questions of the new Insol vency Bill, of the Marine j Board Act, of the Postal Union, and of the establishment of a heavy-parcels post. With the view of incor porating the Chamber, Messrs. J. Acraman and J. Cnrrie were appointed Trustees in whom the property of the Chamber shauld vest. Good Riixh Shootwo.— Judging from some of the scores lately made b; - crack rifleshots in Victoria at practice, our rifle representatives will have to show better pverages than they have been making to take apytbing like a good place in the international patch, even against the Melbourne men. In one of the rifle com petitions at Melbourne a few days ago the two following scores were made :— 200 yards, eight- I inch bullseye, Major Sleep— 415555555455555 ; I Sergeant Clark— 600 yards— 5555555555. An- j otJer fine score in the same practice was made | by Sergeant Illingworth in fifteen shots, as i follows:— £00 yards, 67; 500 yards. 66; 600 yards 57— total, 190 ; while Sergeant Ross made 169 at the same distances, and in the same nnmber of shots. This was in bad gusty weather. Poet Football Clttb.— A large number of the members and supporters of this Club met at Addiaon's Commercial Hotel, Port, on Monday evening, October 25. Mr. T. G. Smith on behalf of the admirers of Meisrs. Sidoli and Gliddon presented them each with a gold medal, in recognition of their services daring the put season, especially for their excellent play in the Intercolonial matches. The recipients suitably responded. Heavy Fleeces. — The Narracoorte Herald is informed that four Merino stud ewes (two two-toothed and ' two full- mouthed), belongirg to Mr. W. Robertson, of Moy Hall, cut 53 lb. cf ? wool between them. One of the two tooth ewes cut the enormous quantity of 8 lb. Tex LisntBTAFHi-— On the Prince of Wales's Birthday a grand complimentary concert will be given to Mr. Hugo Christen by the Adelaide Liedertafel in the new Albert Hall, at the German Clubhouse. The best musical talent has been engaged for the occasion. Garner's Theatre. — Professor Pepper con fronted a perfect crowd of delighted juveniles at Garner's Theatre .on Wednesday afternoon, when he gave his first lecture of the coarse of three on 'Elementary Astronomy,' with the sanction of the Education Department. The lecture was suited to the comprehension of the audience, and the Professor's hippy knack of pntting himself at once on perfect good terms with his hearers enabled him to keep the audience interested throughout. The ghost illu sion concluded the lecture, and sent the several schools of children home enraptured. In the evening be had another appreciative, though more matpre, audience, and give them a treat in the way of spectral illu sions and remarkable scientific effects. The views illustrative of a walk through London were thoroughly enjoyable, as all of them are admirably produced as well as being exceedingly artistic. The shadow pantomime at the close, in which very substantial - looking shadows rapidly assume either Lilliputian or Brobdigna gian proportions at will, and go through the most amusing performances, was intensely amusing. The same programme will be given this evening, and on Friday another afternoon lecture on 'Astronomy' is to be delivered. LO.O.F., No. 5 Distbict.— A meeting of Past Grand officers of the Glanville, Alberton, and Jervois Lodges was held in the Loyal Jervois Lodgeroom, on Wednesday eveaing, October 27. DJ3.G. Master H. Frankenberg was voted to the chair, and he explained that the object of the meeting was to devise some means of raising funds to aid and assist the widow tnd family of the late R.W.G. Secretary (Brother D. R. Bradbury), who has been left totally un provided for, it waa then' carried that a concert be given at an early date in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the above. The following gentlemen were then elected a committee : — D.D.G.M. H. Frankenberg, P.G.'s 8. M. Richards. W. Field, R. A. Rose, O. R. JohnstoD, O. L. Steel, and Alexander Saunders. It was then resolved that a snb-committee, consisting of Messrs. Frankenberg, Stephen*, and Ssunders be appointed to carry out the necessary arrange ments for the concert. PG Alexander Saunders was elected Secretary, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman closed a very orderly meeting. The Vms Caltfoesica. — With reference to the Vitas Oalifornica, of which a notice ap peared in yesterday's Etgitter, Dr. Schomburgk informs us that he has only a very small quantity of seed, which he intends to plant in the Botanic Gardens, bo that none will be available for distribution. He will, however, if successful in raising the vines, be happy to distribute them to the public Uklbt Corporation. — A meeting of the rate payers of Goodwood Ward, in the Municipality of Unley, is to be held at the Goodwood Park Hotel to- night, for the purpose of nominating a candidate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of the late Councillor Roberts. Butchers' Pranc. — A. meeting of batchers will be held at the Norfolk Arms tonight with regard to the forthcoming picnic in connection with the recently {formed Batchers' Society. 