.,.: ;;,(P,UBia5HEp, Dt4JTJLY,)T .Tfl^BB . .se^ma irtov, be .e^ery ^rbbafcilitj that tlie Anstraliap; «»loni^Bj,_.j|:jJl be sliiM^'calleoT'tiponto assume si burden *hey*aTB 'nbtMb8cn;4itpe-sWid^%iaierto to bear. ^UommnaitiieS: ?ike.4nidi»ii-JiialB must pay the' penalty pf 'becoming wealthy 'by having t6i&^nai;n'eirtfpos- Bessi^. ,, (These .tolttrtesv&avBjdong; been, tempting .marks for .the attapk of ah 'tliiemy.' Our;'coaista are studded tfitbrtptfas. -wbichji unt»liilately,i»4ere quite undefended, and. whi^h jtre^rioh enough to pay heavy ihdeinnitfes to an att?.(?king fleet,o . Evep.nnpi* theft are practically no really servioeable defences, and!no attiempt has'bfee'ri inkde B; de fend at All anost ofi'theiooaat to*rti8:'; A hostile squadron of. piodei»,te, jBtrength which had three weeks uninterrupted play ..on, ithe, , coast, pf ithe,' cofittnent could carry, away 'enough prize money toenri(a;%very'jkc!k'tarbii'ali'yie''ships. And. we.&relberonuag;^painfnliy^awttre oi the fact that fleets.whichjiif .not actually hostile, inay at any time be come so, ,are. accumulating pn^this side of the globe, ^he Russians, as we all know, have';gbt 'together' a,'cbnrsitterable numberpf war veasek, and^Kfarhafek as 186O.they were contompja^it|g^he possibility of' using them against' 'ius trali* in the event ot war witHTHig land. The Chinese, a» we;!ar6sur praed to learn, have a really powerful fl«et,and the vessels at'least1 m'igtit t-e used against .us. ? Tlve Japanese have also got swift steam cruisers. ,,iThe vessels are here on this side of tlie globe in number equal ? to. a,; y:ery ?; pp,yirprful fleet, and crews of daring, able ruffians could be found' to 'triah ftierh by any Power at war with [Groat - Britain; :,\It is therefore not to be wondered at that in the: old country theyiareit)e'giltning to entertain very seriously . the id^a-6f forming an Australian fleet for the de fence. of their shores, which xjahnbt Tie adequately protected, by any land de fences that we could raise. .: , .,...., The proposal appears to be .the forma tion of a fleet together with thV neces* sary dockyards ,and. .stores. rQChis flee' t is to be , maintained in Aus^raliftn waters, and its' cost1 is'-io'Jb'eJ jointly borne. Dy1 the old- ^country and the colonies. ,^p. doubt jfe wouhj fornj^uf jribsfc-' effective, our only defence. If there were a navy on our coast' suffi ciently strong to keep off an enemy's fleet; we 'nee&' ' fear1 no1hirig.n''The 'de- fences necessary to prevent the assault of a', sipgle light cruiser ^hicl^.^ight manage to make' a dart for.-^hgt,^oast could b'3 easily provided in ^Vjeryi^oon siderabl'e seaport., r^pph ft .T|eB£ej,j too venturing oh a coast defended by/aJieet that' commanded' ffie .'sea ^^ul(}.'Jpa]Pip little 'chance of rdbing' elective 'service, jfor. iil,'3wo1u^,,.har.«1jgrejat 4i&Oiky;^m .procuring the full supply of ,«oal neceat ;sar- tb'esc^e Wof' thtrt'6feet4 nil tljatfwoul^ b» ymkened roundIt.f''»jASar the cost of such a fleet — at leaff. jthei ?contribution asked from Australasia ? would not be a heavy tax on the colonies, ^ughlyP- Jflie JQmSiK-'--lie. yeniiek^it tne/ colonies^ including . New Zealand, amount to a total 'or^oeWeen £1 6,000,000 and £1 ^pOO.OOO annuajlj. Five per cent, of the ' 'total''^6uia re present over .£800,000 annually, which doubled by the' impenaPcontribution mark, Sweden, and Norway put to gether spend on their naval defences, . and they maintain for it fleets which, in the aggregate, represent a fairly powerful naval force. Here we could maintain an even mprn pnwwrfi.1 - ipquaaroiirnn-7miy^^ewTShipl'neeaDe 4n commission during a time of peace, while by a system of navy reserve we fcbuld ensure at any time a sufficient jfcrce to man the whole. This, -with vplunteers trained to use torpedoes, and with our existing rifle corps, Would constitute a defence that would pregnable, unless Jjie whole navaLgr power of Great Britain were broken^ fdpwn. [There can be little doubt that thia . wfauld be the best possible arrange, intent for defence. Nor can it be' denied that we would be simply foolish - . ? ? to. pnrBisft.in. remaining dofonoelesB,^-^. juBfc rioww^ttOThBlftiid we are jiving -^BilBtence, and- its- cost what we! lave &.r«jimpBedr »W»6,'y.'aif. ST'ttw^iirH woul^-^TS to present an additional tom^rfjabqut (£70,-0-y- on Ms estimate C'A fi$r |S8jr.l./i|JLgd4j. ?ffluld be ftir an' It ^Hf^Wpji.tjp're pjrer Wnieh necessarily our gj t j(^arljanient: toirtd^ha+'e Httle.f,or''h6 to ^jMOontetLviiOf ?ciBttritf'.it-'N^iiiVl-.^e ih&. iAi '?orir^ra^fiical^blatioaot an ipimediate holi 7^i ?^^» f*^ 'I1 Wuia fleKerfctolefcs 'be [o;,^0,^iBlipn,l^ith.omt,TTepregenta1Jiqn. ' ,(. .ViWfliSd topeii'upWl bortflvof -qfteBtions. -.1. irfM-TO-ihaveio fkntribute to tne«0Bt of !' VWtt1, why should Ve not Have some thing to say about making it P And i: ,.-, jj£'t1))B question were to be raised, how, ib it to be answered ? Voluhtbees.— A' parade of the two local companies -w£U beheld to-morrow (Tuesday) ?;';l*fjih)ngxafc:tb,e 4nll .lB)ied. To faU in at ',';?; j^U-pMtwentj'oloeV. p laoBlfh;* ^iiWirra'/PBKiBNTKDi to the !^\\-^$^^r^Ve.^cr^ean.Mail-«aumn.Qea that ^'%B,H;-m.,t.,M-ilwraith, Premier of Queens ..Jaiid, ; urn presented to Her Majesty the .1 Queen at a levee'. at' Buckingham Palace on m: i'lOtt March. ,..' ' ,1: .' '.' . Caitle Stkamng.— At the Police Court , . -tifisfflottiiiig, WUlUmi Winfidd, on remand, Iras convicted of feloniously stealing, on or r- ' about' March £2, one cow, tha property of ;' Jessie Ann Carpendale, of -3rantham, and '_ ,1 was committed for trial at the Toowoomba Circuit Court, to be held on July 19. i;. ..?'JBitTisT.— ^i Friday evening's Oazetle we ' ' congratulated the Baptists of Toowoomba on ?;. their having prospered bo much as to require 1 -.larger accommodation, and stated that they had consequently. leased for. twelve months ?,,.*Kt,e!T/s JjbildiDgs in- which to hold Sabbath services. We appear to have been misled. ,. 'Mr.-tfrank W. Bates -writes to, «ay that the 'J-hiflf has'been-rleased from him for three 'morithB only; ini a Baptist friend requests oj \xi -to correct the statement about extension' p; of hordersi ic. Instead of extending bor ders it would .appear that some of the de ' 'fitmitbation nave decided to worship in the ' old .church, aod some in Merry's buildings, .. i;aii(I, accordingly, services are announced to -r *e heMtevery SabbatkinTidth premises. We do not.care to enquire into the. reason of this ' deiernjination, bnt it wonld seem as if while rJ(he Presbyterian Assembly in Brisbane was . ??moking'tfae calamut of peace, the Baptists in -QVftwoomBa bad been eating the apple of ''iffiecord..'' '??? ''''' .?^VsAHDAtilBM.— We draw attention to an ? advertisement appearing in another column offering a reward of five pounds for informa tion that may lead to the conviction of the persons wto yesterday afternoon cnt the \- camellia flowers in the Botanic Gardens. ?We cannot too strongly deprecate such mean, petty thieving as has been carried on in the gardens on Babbath afternoons. Mr. Way, .the curator, has always a number of visitors ,-to his well-laid out parterres on thece after noons, and, to the disgrace of the public bo it, said, has to keep an exceedingly sharp watch to, prevent the spoliation of the pro ducts. . .Yet with all his care he is not able to prevent a great amount of petty larceny, and only yesterday lost the camellia flowers, the plants of which were procured at con siderable cost. It is to be hoped that the reward offered will lead to the oonviction of ttwtbieves. The evil to -which we refer has assumed such large proportions that, with the advice of the Minister for Lands, Mr. Way has determined to close the gardens on Sab bath afternoons. Such an extreme measure is to.be regretted for the sake of the majority of visitors who find in the gardens much to interest and gratify their tastes, but who are debarred by their weekly avocatiens from an inspection. We are of opinion that two or three of the police might be detached from the dignified idleness of watching the empty streets onagafcbiith afternoon to protecting the gardens from injury/ and thereby allow ing tljeih:to. beitept open. Exhibitions to Univehsities. — It is notified' in Saturday's Government GazeUe that his Excellency the Administrator of the Goverhmerit, with the advice of the Execu tive' Council, has been pleased to approve that the regulations hitherto published affecting -the competition for ' exhibitions, touniversi ties,'«h;allbe modified as follows, namely :— 'The examination will be open to' all students who shall Dot have attained the age of 19 years' on 'December 81 in the year of ex amination, who have resided in the colony for theJtwb yean immediately preceding the examination, or 'whose -parents have resided in the cojonjr for the three years immediately preeedingWe examination. Every oandidate *~r an exhibition shall, when makiDg applica tion to' be ' examined, , submit *o the Depart ment 'of 'Public Instruction a certificate at testing JJie.d»te.oi-his With.'' ? Aobioci-tt/bal- CainqBTBir.^Mr. E. W. E. Maclvor, F.C.S,, recently lectured in the Industrial'i&a;'^echnologisal Mnaenm, Mel. lonrne,,l«iiiifqg,jloriu-Bnbjeot, 'The Soil.1 After explaining -itf constituents, Mr. Mac Ivor pointed 'onttnat to procure thorough fertility thVsbUvniust' contain, a portion of the 13 '*ab»tarnoe6 'winch enter inio the oom position of a plant, and tKat^if.one^B .missing the plant cannot -grow. ' The soil,, aim, mu&t; not bsttoo retentive br too open. In a moitt district the farmer .will make more profit oat of a comparatively open soil than ont of a hea-vy^gnej* -bat nin a dry country like, Victoria a Wmy or heavy ipil.is preferable, as it reU^-lphfncleot /W^ter ,tb imeet ithe requirerueWw plants in dry. weather. The Dolour of the soj}/jir«lso. important,1 a dark one abflorbjin^i^o^fnn'Rirays^ and being fnvariaHy warmer than a light one, which reflects^* (jays: /.The ?warmth' of 'the soi'j not only accelerates the growth of the plant, bnt acts, benefioiilly ik the early stage of germination. Referring nest to drainage, the ieotnrtr'iljKrrited' 'ont the importance of tanners in this country1 draining their land \--1 ord«D*o «p¥n ilA 'poteS, and allow of an Absorption «f any rain wli(0h.may .falL The evaporating poorer ;°f,.thp y^ptorian . atmo- sphere *is 42iOt* tjnr ^anniun. -whereas ' the aT6rag6 j^telttlnU ft^iy jffliyi - ^jyy tthjct 'it was ' to - drauT^iu land. After desoribing the rn^nijjfojyjffJsjJiWiltliir 'Ml — TTRTtTTITriTiMr' «mded Sa'SdBfeBWf AHrtW*''* wdW'; ting tn«gn^-tJ^sotc^6iiaUy; deep Wough.; ing. 4gfeflffl*^qS^|gi^^'iitwwniqai-.port^pa ot( Monster Alligator Capture.—Mr. Corbett junior, succeeded in placing hors de combat a saurian, measuring over 19 feet, one day last week. The monster was found in Rocky Creek, Emerald Hills, the residence of Mr. P. M. Corbett. When perceived, the alligator was sunning himself on the shore, but a shot soon caused him to seek safety in the water. On rising again, another shot saluted him, which was effectual in settling his pretensions as an aggressor. On being brought ashore, the under jaw was found broken, while the second shot had penetrated under the shoulder. The body was skinned, and hung up on a tree ; but, unfortunately, Mr. Cprbett, who, at the time, was on the tracks of the niggers, returned too late to preserve it. The teeth were about 2 inches long, of which there were 32 below and the same number above, fitting closely like two saws. — Cooktown Courier. FtfBTHiiR Gold DJeoovbe'ies.— Toe Cook toum (Courier was interviewed on the 22nd April by a miner well-known in Cooktown -who stated that just previous to the Hodg kinson rush, he with a party of men obtained 54 ounces of gold in four days at a place not 100 miles from Cooktown, and on one of the main roads to the interior. The gold 'was got at a depth of 15 feet, and there is a lnrge extent of new ground. Several gp.U'es havo been worked around from which coarse gold vas obtained, amongst it SO aod 40. ounce, nuggets. The party were forced to abandon the ground on account of the heavy water and appliances not being available. Our in. formant states should he find gold 100 yards below the spot where he previously worked 20,000 men could be accommodated. The ground isaboat 12 miles in c:.tent, and leads into [flats, .« hern, by indications, large de posits should exist. The projector is willing to equip himself, and only requires sh men. The experiment is woith trybg, for if go'd is found at a depth in this district, Cooktown's future prosperity is establvshtd. Coppbr.— W« learn from the Peak Downs Telegram, that ' The Copper Mine' presents as cheery an appearance as the dripping weather would permit. There are about 150 persons employed — including miners, surface men and smelters ; the timber cutters, and carters are not included. There are three furnaces constantly at work, and last week there was the refinery ia addition. When the weather permits the lessee intends to start a fourth furnace and to keep it constantly at work. This however, will depend in a great tucaiure on the ores, which at present give very good indications. The ore runs from about 9 per cent, upwards, and Bome sampbs go as high us 48 per cent ; the average is probably about 12 per cei'.,. La,3t Saturday was pay-day, though it was not full pay ; but we understand that the balance will be cleared off on the occasion of the next pay. We see that the first lot of copper, turned out by Mr. Christoe as Ies3ee of the nrne, has reached London, and tho result will be looked for with interest, seeir'g that the last returns of the new company are very disapp'ointing. A False '-SlppoiiT. — Wo perceive iu the telegraphic intelligence of a southern con temporary a paragraph to the effect that a man named Mortil was stuck up and fired at some fourteen miles from Aramac by threa men who desired him to give them a sheep. This story, if not contradicted, will give ;ise to very erroneous impressions. The truth is that Mortil reported lust Sunday week to the police that he had volunteered to find some sheep which, as he alleged, Messrs. Burns and Dillon had lost on Aramac run on their way out west. He found the sheep, and was bringing them along when three men accosted him and demanded a sheep. He refused to give them one. One of these men then fired three shots from a revolver athim. One shot passed through his hat, another through his shirt, grazing his shoulder, and another through his trousers, grazing the calf of his leg. He was taken to Dr. Spark, who says that the grazes are only scratches such as a man riding through a scrub may expect to get. The hole in the trousers is a tear ap parently made in the same way. The hat is impounded by the police, and the hole in it has obviously been made by a knife or some such sharp instrument. The entire story is an obvious fabrication to excuse him for fail ing to find the sheep or for losing them after he had found them, and we should have taken no notice of it whatever had it not been wired to Brisbane as news. — Aramac Mail. New Gold Bush at Ballaeat. — The new raining rush at Ballarat still continues. Thc/e are immense beds of quartz but it is utterlyimpossibleto obtun a claim. Beyond question 4 splendid quartz reef has been dis covered, which is payable, bo fa; as it has been proved, for a distance of seven miles, whe^e the rsef has been already struck. The o-. ? oitejientis intense, and companies are al ready springing jup .in all directions. It is feared that over speculation -will bring about a smash, and materially interfere with the development of what is really a splendid find. . . Somnambulism:. — The Unildfold correspon dent of the I fount Alexander Mail relates the following singular instance of somnambulism whioli occurred recently at Tarilta :— ' Mrs. Edwards, who has two sons, aged 15 and 9, allowed them ,to go on a fishing excursion up the EirerLoddoa, with the intent to Btop all night; : The younger, who had previously walked in big sleep,' was cautioned, and the elder enjoined, 'if they slept, to carefully watoh his brother. The. night— or rather the early. morning— became pitch dark, and the boys, who intended to keep awbke, de cided to lie down'; and in a 'few minutes the clever lads improvised « mia-mia, and slept. During the pitch dark' morning the 'younger one got up, ' and with Via eyes closed ' started for- homein a bee or direct line,, and when reaohinj it , took' off 1 '« boots,' opened the ? window abutting .on his beflroomy ora wled in and slept. In the morning 'ihe/mplher was astonished to find'her' olUld in bed. ?? ; In quiries' and examination provad that. the little one had nc'; the slightest idea How he jgo»onie. The boys were; four miles from their residence, and the ascertained track of i)eLBon'itmb'ulist boy showed that he had come in a direct line, but in » dilution Sever previously traversed by him, and over country *&* a tifttf Vgifld. ^^^t^jtl^' wOJttJ' \- A Ghost Stow.— A. corrwroonaent of the ffeftong -d-?«er««r is IwspoMibli -f or the fol lowing ,;? ghost ' -story c—As\ I kpow you feel interested in such circumstances, .1 write, incaseyou may. not ha^ve heard it, to tell you of a very remarkable circumstance bop-, bected witti^the'deaih, .iat:!Hanuiton,;olthe late Arohdeaoon Innes. The aroWleaconv*8 you know, died bf 'diphtheria, aiiaihough' perfectly Sensible to the last, was ukkble to articulate1^ syllable1; aniC'was, therefjre,'.. compelled to have recourse, to writing. Tfcis , lends -additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell yen. For some month's the archdeacon had been*' sMUted as lay-,: reader by a young man recently arrived front: home named Lissetman.whp, thoujh not re markable either for culture or natural ability yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he. fell a victim to pros trated energy, and died at the parsonage,, at Hamilton) a few ? -»eks beforethe archdeapon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, ar 1 have told you, expressed all he had to(say in writing, and m&Bcompos; mentis to the last; wrote that goinp into his study ono evening, after Iiisserman'e death, be saw frm stand ing at the study table; end involuntarily ex claimed, ' Holloa tare you here I' 'Yes,' replied the apparition, ' and whe 'el now am there will you soon be ! ' Mr. Imes was not a man'of fancies, or of impaired physique ; and when he saw the apparition wai in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for.' A Remarkable Phenomenon.— A very singular phenomenon is reported to have been witnessed at Bairnsdale at 11 a.m. on Sunday last. Mr. Stoney informs the Bairnsdale News "that while coming from the racecourse in the direction of Bairnsdale at the time mentioned, his attention was drawn to a very peculiar motion of the sun, which seemed to rock to and fro, and quiver as though it had come in contact with some opposition body. A number of blacks who were camped close by at the time were so exceedingly terrified at the sight, that, after giving vent to the cry, ' See big fellow sun,' made direct for all the worldly goods and chattels they possessed, and commenced to make tracks for what they considered the shelter of the town. This singular appear- ance in the sun was shortly followed by an offshoot of a large ball of fire, which travelled across the heavens in a southerly direction, and for a considerable portion of the distance seemed to resemble a sort of comet with a blank space between the nucleus and the tail. When nearing the horizon, the ball of fire appeared to silently explode into a thou- sand fragments, illuminating the trees behind which they appeared to fall like a brilliant display of fireworks. " 