The Sydney International. Exhibition. The attendance at tho Garden Palace on Thursday was :-Season ticket holders, 410 ; general pnhJio, 27G5 ; children, 394; exhibitors and attendants, S57 ; aboriginals, 7; total, 4433. The Attendance at the Garden Palace on Friday wa3-Season ticket holders, G12 ; gonoral public, 475G ; children, GG2 ; exhibitors and attendants, 791; attendants at the horse show, 120. Total, G935. Tho attendance at tho Gprdcn Palace, on Satur day, was-Season ticket holders, 490 ; general public, 5719 ; children, 103G ; exhibitors and attendants, S77; exhibitors and attendants at horse show, 204 total, 83G5. Tho attendance at tho Garden Palace on Anniverl sary Day was-Season ticket holders, Gil ; gouera public, 19.585 ; children, 5531; exhibitors and atten dants, 7G9 ; exhibitors and attendants at the horso shown, 182 ; Temporáneo Society choristers (chil dren, 7CG ; adults, 55), S21 ; total, 27,500. The attendance at tho Gardon Palace on Tuesday was-Season ticket holders, 422 ; general public, 3S12 ; children, 5G7; exhibitors and attendants, 753; exhibitors and attendants at horse show, 190. Total, 5744 In tho Queensland court, two very interest ing exhibits, lately sent to the Garden Palace by tho Hon. A. H. Palmer, Colonial Secretary of ! Queensland, are attracting much attention. Theso I are two mummies of natives from Nepean Island in Northern Queensland waters. Theso mummies aro laid in a light iranio of bamboo, and the figures a/.e naked with tho exception of an apron. Tho sockets of the eyes are filled in with pieces of pearl shell, and the skin hus shrunk closo around tho bonoa. Thoy were obtained by Mr. Alex. Campbell who was on board the Queensland Government schooner Pearl, in the northern seas, and it is understood that tho bodies wore smoked and then dried iu the sun. At any rate, the nosh has apparently quite wastod away. Tho features aro perfect, although distorted from the tightening of tho sltin. Tho mummies are con tained in a glass case, at the eastern end of the Queensland Court, and we are assured that in this instance " the ghosts do not walk." Wo understand that the officers employed by the Commissioners sf tho International Exhibition givo a dinner at the Exchange on Saturday, to Mr. D.|Avigdor, private secretary to the Executive Com missioner,; in acknowledgment of their good fellowship with, and esteem for, him. THE TEMPERANCE JUBILEE AT THE TNTEB ; I'.! :'' '' NATIONAL. ? ! . Tho. temperance demonstration' at the International Exhibition'on Anniversary Day was a most decided'suc cess;'and the attendance¡ was larger than on 'aiiy previous occasion. At half-past 10 o'clock the choir children, to the number of about 1000, all wenring tho regalia of tho different- teruperauco. orders, assembled nt the statue in Hyde Park, and innrched.to tho St. Üíary's.gato .entrance,'' where they were ut onco admitted, and sóón dispersed'to. view the-many wondrous and beautiful objects to bo'seen .in "¡the. Palace. .At noon papers, dealing with, certain phases i. of the . tempernnca question, were read' by "tlití-l-HQji.- ;W.:.-,'J.¡¡'I'0B<er,¡. ..the., ltev. Dr. Steel, : and, ¡the Eev,;!\y". Bradley. Owing .to the great crush of people, however,'it ;wás ¡ almost impossible to hear the reading 'half-a-dozen yirdo away from the platform, and any idea of a1 discussion, on", these .papers at that time had . to bo abandoned. '$ Mr. Carpenter presided on the occasion, and. a-vote :-of . thanks to him closed that portion of tho .proceedings.: The children were then entertained at luncheon - ?' in ; the Agricultural Hall. It waa in tended that the "concert should commence at 3 o'clock, but : the, children being all in their places, and a denso .crowd of persons in waiting to liston to it, the management winely decided to commence ut 2 o'clock. . Pully 12C0 singers were on tho platform, and the scene from tho organ gallery, looking down the main alsile, was a most animated ono. Tho children's voices sounded sweetly pretty in tho favourite Moody and Sau key's hymu,'"Ouly an armour bearer," whioh was the best of tho number*, the solos being sun? by Mr. Godfrey. "God bless thc Prince of Wales" was likewise sang with good effect. Mrs. Colvin Prasor presided at the grand piano, kindly lent by Mr. Paling; Mr. Craven was organist, and Mr. P. 1). "McCormick conductor. Tho programme closed with the National Anthem, which waa joined in bytlio audience. At the termination of tho concert tho larf,e audience 'dispersed through tho buildings ana ground?, a most enjoyable afternoon being spent, and Anniversary Day will long bo remembered by those who took part in tho temperance jubilee at the Garden Palace. > . . INTERNATIONAL AGRICULTURAL SHOW. ?'! It ia now generally known that the commissioners of the Intel national Kxhiljition purpose having a grund display of all and every product of the hind from all the colonies, to bo opened on tba 2nd March in tho Agricultural Hall. They, therefore, make a Btroug appeal to tho colonists of New South. Wales to do its part worthily, so that, with the co-operation of tho nations and colonies represented in the Garden Palace, they may be able to carry the exhibition to a sciccos*ful issue. As illustrating the nature and extent of the show which the commissioners anticipate, we quote from tho circular issued by them as follows. "The forests of the colony can supply somo of the finest timber in the world, and tho committee hopes there will bo open-air exhibitions in tho form of great trophies of roughly-hewn and sawn lumber ; of masts, sxmra, and other ship timber ; lathes, shingles, palings, and staves, split, and sewn, &e.; Tho committee further trusts that tho ingenuity of our people will not fail, to provo tho possi bility of so preparing Umber that it may be made to raaist decay. Tho exhibition gives ab. opportunity for showing how well adapted for purposes of adornment and decora tion aro many of the woods of this colony, and thero ought in this class to be many exhibits conspicuous aliko for beauty and utili ty. The forests also abound with trees and plants, whose bark or leaves possess great medicinal virtues, or are suilablo for colouring or tanning, offering profitable employment for both capital and labour, and their display should, therefore, not bo neglected. As tkCte colony amply produces vegetnble libres, such as maize, leaves, grasses, and barks of trees, which might bo con verted into useful qualities of paper, somo steps should bo taken by tho ingenious and enterprising to show their applicability tor such a practical purpose. Tho committee also wishes that fvpeoiinens of silk, either in cocoon or reeled, even though ia small quantities, and raised for amusement, shall bo sent, with information DH to wüethor tho mulberry, specially tho white mulberry, flou rishes in tho locality. In tho variety and excellence of its introduced fruits, this colony ought to bo pro-eminont, producing as it does, in perfection, all thoso which grow in températe and semi-tropic*l climates, as well as many whioh flourish within th o tropics. Not only, should coréala be exhibited in tho form of clean, full grain, and well prepared flour, but to them should be added nhcave-s of wheat, oats, and barley, and stalks of maizo, millet, sorghum, ¿cc., weighted with their copious seed. Varieties of prepared vege tables of all kinds, including beet and other tubers, together with tobacco loaf, spices, &o.;, are asked for in. great profusion. Tho committee would' urge tho pre servers of fruits and vegetables not to bo beaton by any competitors, but to improve upon tho old methods, and adout'newer and better ones. A colony'which produces tho best maize in the world, as tba exporta at Philadelphia reporte \ ought to próvido ita laundries with home-made starch. As tho climate of this colony is eminently suited for tho growth of a. variety of plants, producing arrowroot o£ tho very finest kind, samples of such produc tions are invited. Tho committee also look for a grand ^exhibition of sugar«, in all thoir varieties, from tho jniro to loaí sugar,, whether from cano or sorghum, or bost, &c;, Mid specimens of tho sugarcanes, ond other sugar-pro ducing' materials, in all their luxuriant growth, wiM bo welcome. A medal will bo recommended for tho best batch of bread, and it is submitted that tho bakors of Sydnov, notwithstanding the excellent flour thoy uso, have much to leam in »heir art. This colony ought not to ho behind South Australia, or any oountry, m the produc tion of olive oils, ando, desire to make a good exhibition in this class may ereato one of many new industries which it ls the main ' object of the forth coming ' exhibition to stimulate ' into existence. Thè ''"production nnd exhibition of man j-of the articles of agricultural engineering and adminiitiatiou will awo he most interesting. Tho committee hau alto nader it» direction the department of horticulture, and it specially solicits those engaged in horticultural pursuits to do all . in their poner to exhibit fully in tho varions classes, thereby adorning tho grand scene whioh the commission ; proposes should be equally attractive and instructivo, Î Tho committeu desires, in conclusion, to eur that it will gladly receive any suggestions which may tend to secure . the object of its labours, and will afford the fullest infor« mation within its paweft Jt may be hare noted that ali objects for oxhibitioa adnra&soil; to the commissioner, ar«! permitted to bo conveyed froe by the Government rail way«, or at half tho usual rates by tho boats of theStsan»'. Navigation Companies. All forms and information can bs' obtained, and it ia to be hoped that such assistance will > ? bo given as will make thia a great feature in the Inter« ! national of 1880." -? i 