Tun London Times has written so often ou the subject of Victorian politics, and has so often been called to account for the mistakes to which wicked correspon dents have committed it, that it has nt last becomo cautious. It his not yet gone the length, of studying our institu tions in thoir workings in Parliament and the nrcss ; that, we suppose, would be too much to expect. But it is begin ning to think out our situation from the depths of its inner consciousness, nnd to conjecture that there may bo two sides to tho political situation. There is sonic- thing sublime in tho simplicity with which tho Thunderer assures its readers that the action of the Conservative party in Victoria lias not been " directed " by a pure and unselfish devotion to " the public good." Bat this won derful discovery is a little tame by the side of the assertion that " the colony lias been organised " on mistaken principles, '' and that " some reconstruction of tho political " community" is obviously necessary. Nuy, the Times, which nine mouths ago lectured Sir Michael Hicks-Eeach 011 the iropropriciy or inieriernig even as much as I10 did, now appears to think that he did not do 'as much as he might, and that " the thoughts of the " perplexed colonist " will not wander any more in the direction of England. Wo do not suppose the perplexed colo nist ever expected light or guidance from England. What some of us did hope was that England would help us out of embarrassments which have their source in an Imperial Act ; and in spite of tho Times our commissioners secured a pro mise that, this shonld'bc done wlion a little more time had been wasted, and if the Council would put itself a little more in the wrong. ' It is, however, with another part of the Times article that wo have to deal to-day. Its permanent correspondent in Melbourne, knowing nothing about Parliamentary politics, has filled up his letter with an animated denunciation of Mr. Berry's amended tariff, using what the Times describes ns " language of a refreshing degree of vigor, '' and passing over the Reform Bill " with tho barest " possible mention." ; really effective reference to it in his speech at Pitzroy ou Saturday night ; but these, of course, arc the ordinary Conservative tactics. Constitutional re form, on which all parties in England, Liberal or Conservative, take the view of Victorian Liberals, even though the facts of our struggle may bo most imperfectly apprehended, is slurred over by the Times correspondent as a matter of no importance and no interestf and free trade, in favor of which educated English opinion is nearly unanimous, is described as the question of the day. Our readers know that our own comments on tho late tariff have been anything but favorable to it: and if wo did not care to defend it here, where party in terests aro at stake, we might fairly leave it to its fate at the bar of i.ondon journalism. It is tho peculiar attitude which the Times takes up against which we feel hound to protest. Ill the first place, it disinters two ob scure opponents of free- trade in error from the history of lS-hr>, aud assumes that Victorian protectionists are such as Mr. Cbowler and Mr. George Frederic Young were. For ourselves, wo may say that this journal lias steadily advo cated protection 011 the lines which John Stuart Mill laid down as necessary to guard young industries against over powering competition for a time. In the next place, it is not fair to describe the late tariff as simply designed to extend and consolidate protection. The Go vernment wanted money, and the Times itself will admit that it is better to im pose high duties, even upon Manchester, than to defraud the English creditor of his interest on our public debt. Eng lish theorists will of course argue that tho whole deficiency in the re venue had belter have been met by direct taxation ; hut English theorists do not understand that direct taxation is almost impossible in a country where the wealthy classes aro able to obstruct legislation to all time. As a fact, Mr. Berry is raising more than £200,000 a year by land tax and atainp lax, against less than. £120,000, which is the gross increase on the tariff I during his Ministry7, nnd which is more than balanced by the duties taken off in his first year. His additions to tho tariff have provoked a great deal of fino fustian from Conservative stump orators, who, having for years tried to keep tho selector oil" the land, aro now trying to catch the" farmers' votes by proposals to exempt tlieni from all taxation. When, however, direct luxation lias been essayed, it has been met with something more than tall talk — with rcsolnto and bitterhostility. ltwas a question forweoks whether land owners whoso properties, by an absurdly low official valuation, aro worth more than £2a, 000, 000, and ought, to produce .£1,500,000 rental, would allow a land tax that averages about 8 per cent. 011 this rental to bo imposed ; and when tho stamp duties came on for discussion, tho Conservatives, who had always professed to approve this form of taxation, obstructed the bill till Mr. Berry in sheer weariness agreed to allow a maximum for tho duty oh bills of exchange. The Times will see that tho freo- trado party in Yictoria is practically co-operating with Mr. Berry when it lets him know that he can raise revenuo more easily by increasing customs duties than in any other possible way. Even this, however, is matter of secondary importance. Vfhnt wo deriro specially to protest against is tho English habit of determining all questions, moral or political, by the standard of free-trade. Half a dozen times during tho last thirty years has English public opinion shown itself grossly and obtusely immoral from this fanaticism of cheap calico. 'Tlio December massacres, tho deportation of innocent men, the des potism, tho wars aud tho corruption of the Second Empire were forgiven be- causo Louis Napoleon concluded a treaty of reciprocity. The southern slave owners were habitually justified for a wanton civil war, and the attempt to perpetuate slavery, because, being too barbarous to manufacture for themselves, they wished to throw their ports open to English commerce. Quito recently the Turks have been idealised in tho same manner, though every ono who cared to inquire knew that these pugnacious savages wore only held to tho low tariffs by tli© ' menaco of English diplomacy. Precisely tho samo feeling comes out whenever England's relations with her colonies aro discussed. The. at tempt of any dependency to estab lish manufactures is treated as a sin against tho Holy Ghost. The Times is very gentle with us; for it thinks we shall find out our error by experience ; but it quotes Mr. Goschen approvingly for tho sentiment that it is not safe to trust the masses with power, as the misguided masses aro always pro tectionist. I11 ft word, self-government is a delusion if self-government inter feres with free-trade. What value can we attach to any verdict the Times may pronounce on our constitutional strugglo after this 1 Questions of constitutional law and natural right are evidently second in its estimation t.o the .importers' view of a sound tariff. It is tho old feeling that lost England her American colonies. Then flic tried in a high handed way to compel tho colonists to grow tobacco and rice, and to buy all their hardware and clothing from her self. Now she has given up tho idea of imposing commerce by law and a preven tive fleet, but she tells us, through des patches and speeches in Parliament and newspapers, that we canuot under stand our own interests as a benevolent mother country understands them ; that wo are very foolish ; and that tho colonist's supposed right to think and legislate for himself means only the unrestrained liberty to think and legislate in such a way n.s Mr. Bright and Professor Eawcett would ap prove. Dame Partlct's despair, when the brood she has just hatched takes to the \va(ci\ is not comnarablo to the irrief of our English nursing-inother when she learns that her children in Yictoria have clapped 20 per cent, on hosiery, and 25 per cent. 011 furniture. Now that a very considerable portion of our deadweight freight business has been transferred from Hobson's Bay to Sydney, it is not surprising to find that our intercolonial steamers display a' determination to profit by the circum stance. The demand for this class of freight still remains, because tho transfer of the terminus of our ocean steamers to Sydney has not created a local supply, and these vessels have still to look out side New South Wales for this special class of cargo, in connection with this demand Messrs. "Win. Howard Smith and Sons, like acuto business men, foresee the practicability of establishing a lu crative trade for their vessels, and they now propose, if certain facilities are ob tainable on this side, that their steamers shall act as tenders for conveying our wheat from Melbourne to Sydney for shipment to England. J11 view of this an application has been made to the Commissioner of Railways for the laying of a siding of rails to connect one of tho Williamstown wharves with the main lino, so that their vessels may be able to load diroot from the railway waggons. "Wc can quite understand that far as Messrs. Wm. Howard Smith and Sons aro concerned a business carried on in tho proposed way is Jikely not only to ho largo, but profitable. At the same time, wo should fully under stand out of whose pockets these profits will have to come, and that this rosult is one of the consequences of tho mistake perpetrated by tho Ministry in abandon ing their first intentions of making Mel bourne tho terminus of a direct mail service with tho United Kingdom. We are aware that the Orient steamers went 011 to Sydney before the contract was made with the P. and O. Company, and that Messrs. Wigrams' line subsequently followed ; but it is well known that tho Orient line only went on to Sydney because the late Government rejected their terms, aud Messrs. Wigrams steamers followed because the Orient line going there forced them to tako tho samo course ; but if tho present Govern ment had made terms with tho Orient line for Melbourne being tho terminus, none of the other lines would have gone on to Sydnoy, and Melbourne would have becomo tho terminus of all tho lines of steamers sailing direct to Aus tralia. I11 past years, owing to the largo amount of tonnage coming direct from the United Kingdom to Hobson's Bay, deadweight has been carried at an almost nominal charge. Such heavy goods as salt, fencing wire and other goods of a like description have in consequence always bccii cheaper in Melbourne than in Sydney ; and our importers have to a considerable extent monopolised the in tercolonial business in these lines. This, however, now bids fair to be all changed. The deadweight, which is mado up of the heavy goods referred to, naturally goes at tho bottom in loading a vessel ; hence these goods can only be taken in the ordi nary way for tho portwhero the last of her. I cargo has to be discharged ; and as this Is now to bo Sydney it is to bo expected that our former outsido buyers will find in the future that market, not ours, as heretofore, tho cheapest-. But the worst of the mischief done is that what in a smaller degree applies to outward freights becomes enormously increased in regard to those homeward. Up to tho present time our principal staple of export has been "light freight," namely, wool, which pays 11 sufficiently remune rative late to enable shipowners to carry deadweight at an almost nominal charge. The development of steam communication between Australia and Great Britain lias had tho effect of transferring largo quantities of wool from sailing vessels to steamers, thus creating' for tho latter a de mand for deadweight also ; nnd this demand last year was of very sensiblo advantage to our farmer's, for even with the uuprocedentedly low price ruling at theopeningof 1879 in the London market for wheat, freights were so moderate that shippers were induced to exportourentire surplus, thus giving tho local grower a far better price relatively for his wheat than under other circumstances would havo been obtainable. Tho main reason for the low rates of freight was, of course, tho demand for deadweight, and it is not difficult to understand that the transfer of this demand from Mel bourne to Sydney lias had a great deal to do, coupled with other outsido in fluences, in raising rates. Tho out side iniluonces are, doubtless, but temporary ones, and will pass away with tho general revival of the world's trade. But the reduction of Melbourne to a mero port of call for various lines of ocean steamers trading direct between Great Britain and Aus tralia is likely, not only to perpetuate the present high rates, but actually to transfer a large proportion of our import as well as export trado into tho hands of Now South "Wales. Not only will our fanners Iiavo to pay tho ten or twelve shillings per ton extra on their wheat for its conveyance to Sydney for shipment to Europe, but tho colony at largo will bo prejudiced by the fact that a good proportion of our exports and imports will appear, not as those of Yictoria, but of New South Wales. It maybe said by some, who do not care to study the possible effects on outsiders of this transfer, that this is but a sentimental grievance. But supposing for tho sake of argument that it is, wo cannot get over the very substantial fact that tho price of our farmers' wheat will bo less by the freight they will have to pay Messrs. Smith and Sous for carrying it by their vessels from Melbourne to Sydney, and that our importers will havo to pay similar charges if they require outward deadweight freight to bo shipped by steamer from England to Melbourne via Sydnoy. Mere then aro two practical results ob tained by tho Ministry by abandoning their first intention of making the new mail contract a direct one, with its ter minus at Melbourne. Tho policy which tho Chief Secretary and the Postmaster- General declared, when speaking in sup port of the direct lino, underlaid its con ditions, not only remains, but its subse quent abandonment has brought out clearly tho disadvantages the country has been placed at by tlicir unexplained desertion of it. Again, we havo a clear confirmation of tho statement we made when this controversy was first oponed, "that the farmer has been " deprived of cheap freight for his " wheat." Our sagacious contemporary, which has been posing of late as tho fanners' friend, certainly has told them that "tlic fact that vessels go 011 to " Sydney docs not prevent them " taking 111 deadweight here," but un fortunately, both for our importers and our exporters of deadweight freight, it is hardly likely that ship owners or shipmasters will care to dis- regard the fixed laws of stowago by placing their heavy goods on tho top,' and thoir light goods at the bottom of their vessels. Indeed, if such a condition of things as tho Argus asserts were oven practicable, where is tho necessity, or how can Messrs. Smith and Sons expect that grain should bo sent to Sydney to be transhipped to vesselswhicli, according to that journal, should be able to load it at our own wharves when they csll in at Melbourne ? The contradiction is so absurd that even those uninformed ou matters of stowing cargo will under stand tho amazing amount of crass igno rance our contemporary displays by such a statement. It is clear that our mis take in not making Melbourne the ter minus of a direct mail service .has mulcted both our merchants and owners in extra freight charges, which would have been avoided if tho original policy of the Government had been persisted in. That something should bo done to remedy the blunder cannot bo too strongly insisted upon. The present state of things affects every producer aud every consumer in the colony, and wiil ultimately reduce Melbourne to a se cond-rate port. 