AMATEUR DRAMATIC GRUB, WILLI A 31 ST OWN. On Tuesday cvoning last the Williamstown Amateur Dramatic Club gave their first per formance in the Mechanics Institute before a crowded • audience. Ther first piece was “Old Phil's, Birthday.” The character of Old Phil was sustained by H. P. Sutton, who took the audionco com pletely by surprise with his excellent im personation. His acting throughout was intelligent,, consistent, and never strainod. The scene in which ho receives the letter from Grantley establishing his son’3 inno cence of having robbed his master and the, succeeding interview with his son was a per formance far above the amateurs’ standard. The transitions from sorrow to joy, and the inward cogitation for means to shield his master's son from disgrace, were exhibited in a style that would have done credit to an old stager. Mr Tope as Frank Stapleton (Ukl Phil’s son) succeeded in presenting an acceptable rendering of the part, llis play ing was marked by careful thought and attention to the small details.which usually, escape young actors. Mr Ilardress, repre sented by Mr Cosgrave, was a very kind old gentleman ; but he appeared to bo acting from instructions rather than any in ward conviction. Mr M. J. Smith, who played Lionel (his son) also showed this weakness. The two ladies sustained their respective parts with much success receiving warm commendations, expressed in hearty rounds of applause. The second and last piece was the “Spectre Bridegroom,” a farce written by M r Moncrieff. Mr J. A. Thompson appeared as Squire Aldwinklo. The make up and representation of the old gentleman at the hall, who is in terror of tho apparition Nicodamns, was highly ar tistic ; but this player is not a novice in theatricals anil though his playing well pleased his hearers it did not surprise them. Mr Browne as Micodemus looked the ghost ho was taken for, stalking through his part most sueces-ifuUy- Though it was a subordi nate part, no one more thoroughly identified himself with his character than Mr Worrell. He put'off his own individuality and put on Dickory’s. Ho was Diokory and nobody olse. Mr Moore as Captain Vaim tington looked hia part very well, and Mr Lillington’s was short,. As in tho first piece tho ladies impersonated their respective characters satis : factorily. But two gentlemen who were : unseen on Tuesday evening had a lion’s share in the successful manner in which the performance was concluded. Allusion is made to Mr E. C. King and Mr Durkin, the two local artists who painted the scenery. The valuable assistance they have given to the club and the pleasure they excited in the minds of the audience was generally com mented on. A few “gods” who now and again interjected rudo remarks should have been ejected from the hall; for they disturbed those on the stage as well as many ladies and gentlemen near them. The members of the club, before their second performance may have a more accurate idea of the-pitch necessary for the; hall, as at times the players on Tuesday were inaudible. The two pioees will be repeated next Thursday evening, as may.bo seen from our advertising columns. 