PICTURES IN PAELIAHESra 1 ; THE "O'SHAN" WEEK, „ (MIOM -OUR QWH /CORRESPONDENT.) • : Who rears oji high his towering form, v And braves the Ministerial etorm, ,.•: - • ' In e%'ciy seu6e a member lone, : - . 7 . . - And yet-aPower, as.he lias shown ?:: - . In brain and form so vast— "The memory of the past' .Twentysthree years ago, when the>pre-; sent generation wasiin i swaddling clothes John O'Shanassy was fljhe ruling power of this colony— * "Glamis, Cawdoi, all s That the weird women promised." I have a faint -recollection: jaany ycars :ago of hearing him when he was Premier, at Sandhurst,?when;-he taddi-essedi th6 stheri! Lib6rals,aTidwasheariiIy:ciireed::byitlie reporters because he spoke at:th6'!fate : i'ot 200 words a minute; pfeowerful S,nd vigopi : ons then; Sir;John' is/still;as eood-as ever, : aibeit.age lias told;on itm. speaks Blower now than in the past, and though* he rarely rises to eloquence « anaoleamess.'of "enunciation rfascinat6'tSfe J hearer.:' i The'immense-gathering .:ins'4he gallenes, press and othei, shotted the mi terestsftttafched to tbeff old;manseloque'nfc# Hundwds were turnod atfay. a -When Sic JohnTosc he glanced - arouud with-soine considerable pride, -and appeared as jf be already-scented power He had a whole bundle of-papers m fats hand, and fc»ok« galore wfere scattered around Slowly and deUberatelyhe'proMedeaswithfbis-epeietjliT togiamsg with the JiistoJ 1^ of the constitution, and-sayiiig that Jie hadteen at ihe 1 birth; ofithe constitution: andsthatsappar-: ently4ie.wouJd be i&tats; Jeath "Throughout Hieburty knightspoke somewhat coldly: and deliberately, butuotapWson left the galleries. It was only &t; "the close thatl Sir John allotted himself to 3ash out, 'arid lie did so 4o the delight -of a numerous Opposition. One thug struck tae m "Sir Jflbni speech, *an underlying <iur ent -ol sophistry. Though holding f liberal opinions and agreeing; witli^ir John, J could not but feel- this Hejias % t into aiophishcg,! «tate<o£ mind, aiid-see-mB4a deliglit m isophistiy. 0e aifio has got« habit of dioppmg isis -fcspecially i when .TeadiBg «itracts,7 jsvliicb greatly .detracts from his otherwise able deliverance,-. «udJieiiC6Jtiia upeetehes ate • letter to read than to hearT This was especially noticeable wbw lie^readiat the cloEe all extract an extract from31 Jjeherc, Iiord Chatham, to: th& effect that UiiB.Was about the last act of his political life, laud that he w ould Tote without fear «onscien - tiously Then he aid that as soon as here corded Jus vote he would go lioue and lay his head on his iJiilcw as a iban who' had done Ills duty, whereat the Opposition cheered and the Ministerialists suiggled Throughout his speech I found ihe verse recurring to ror imud— ~M> thiols the Iiui\ doth protest too much Sir John sat down with the air of a Ciucinnatus of a Catiline. How's that fo t- higli 1" his glauce seemed .to - say -as . "he gathered up his documents and looked fromid at the crowded house. > -Mr Murray Smith who was to have replied to the veteran gladiator did not turn up, being occupied elsewhere. Rumor said that Mr Smith preferred to reply to Sir John hereafter, when he had read his speech in print. Poor old Francis— "Superfluous lags the veteran on the ^t»ge ' was put up to speak, but lie made no attempt to reply to the atateamalihJce and. carefully considered .speeclr;of *lns oppo{ uent It was th'e ghost of iTrancis, his' ijiomtiits wnAra. ®less me !- thiB -same" JJVaiicis had led the: House .after- Sir John's fall, and now^Sir John stood ilp, . still a great speaker and Francis— Aii old man, sir'and he will be talking." The only original thing ie said was that 'Sir .Tohn wanted'to wreck tlie ship of state i!i<order:to drowathe captaiu. Uisispeech was a wretched failure— Why linger oil the stage "When Toice and powerare gone, A iarthuig inshiight show Where ooce a bright sim shone i On Wednesday, after Mr MSntyre had smuggled through several stages.liiB bill; to establish bonded stores in country towns, Mr Williams managed to rumn his 'Payment of MembersBilIi^and the, House, becam* all. attention. . However,-, the' stonew®ll»rs were to the front,, and: save negativing ..a proposal to restrict paymeul - to the Assembly it svas not advanced an inch, whereat the jnembers-iu -favour of., the 4Ji.ll became mad, and.poor Jones aiame in ;for abiiBe.' The "House became :«lectnfied|- and there: woiild have beeu a acene had cot haif-paBt ois arrived. But they "nursed their iwath to keep it warm.;':--After dinner the bores had possession of the House and. •droned away to an empty -chamber.:.: The •real interest centred au Mr Serjeant's speech, and when he rose members trooped in. Mr Serjeant has a small -voice and*a schoolmaster, style, iiut lor, all that both sideB hungnpon ins: words and hsteni'd pitiently while the went back io 1340, and tried to sTiow that the Assembly, must hhra ,power over nioneyv Mr.Ser-. •jeant has the art of being able to speak for an hour without giving. the filightes|': idea <of: how-he is going to vote, and. he. was successful. Even- at .-the .close he seemed doubtful^but-aa the Ministry refused.to agree to abandon the. eliminatory : and double sitting -clauses, Mr Serjeant, had to sit down a a voter against the second reading, This was the beBt speech' he has made,: and he .raised liimEalf considerably. " That knocks you," said Mr Woods to the Mimstiy when Serjeant gat", down Mr Wheeler, a droning old man, maundered on.iintil near eleven, wlien lieisat down to give the Payment of Members Bill a chance. Then the electricity guttered. Members came m and looted: interested.. But the faithful Joseph >was, at.~his post, aiid he - began stonewalling.; 'fhe :Opposition became .tnad.: : Mr: ,iSale, and-. Mr- Serjesant shrieked, "The -paid; •minority of one." tMt .Vale absolutely^ spat venom, and made refeience to the: rotten chicory and beans with which.Jie •said Jfr Jones used to manufscturecoifee,: whereuponMrJoneSjfwlio.grewAotjBaid Mr Vale daily put liimself jipfot auction, and that the biggest rogue in tbe country could buy Ins advocacy. Jones spoke amid a.; fire of personal allusions untilj eleven,; and then ,: sat:. down ,:. in triumph. : But not for long, Mr Vale rose, and in a speech which for bitterness is unequalled in Parliamentary annals, : assailed the secretary of the Registration Society, called iiim a hired craven,-a bootless penniless braggart, who received -the 1 , pay of a corrupt:-organisation,,to sobstruct; this bill, aud a lot of other names that need.not be ®iven,; Mr Serjeant cheering' him vigoiously. The Speaker in vain, attempted to quell the storm, Mr Vale defied him. He called the Attorney- General craven because he did not defend. the legal profession, .. Ultimately things became calmer, Mr: Jones apologised: for what , he had .said, and iheu Mr ; Vale adroitly said that if Mr Jones , meant; nothing by .what he: said, about'lns.profes-, : sura, then he (Mr Vale)-meant uothing iw his. reference: to beaus and chicory and: Mc Jones 1 occupation. , There was some ftirlher- taik,. members .evidently, bein^, compelled ds to let off steam, and I thought peace as restored when Mi M'lntyre arrived.- Mr M'Jfotyre ib always strougat; that hour of the night.; • :• He was putting, on . his: overcoat : when: Mr,.Mason r...was speaking,;,and lie: 311st crossed/over -and', said:,the magic.word -"Iitipy,".,®!:Masotf. fired up^ and insinuated that Mr M^Intyre] was drunk, svhei%at,the member for Sandhurst at once made reference to the .Chambers'; scaiidaL-:; MrMaEon: was deeply, affected at.this, ;and -at once began-to defend himself, urging thathe had only pro-f tectedhis wife. It' was very painful, and I was glad when Mr Francis stopped tho affair. Mr H'lntyre should be ^ashamed of himself, (he has not the instincts of a man, not to mention .a gentleman,to obtrude on a legislature such a delicate matter. After apreliminary.squabble ou Thursday afternoon which began ,With sraaU-pox and 'vaccination: and ratnbied-.ion .to -payment of members, a dissolution, the G<)- VfirInment :policy, «S ; c.v: the only-outcome of which was that Mr Wjlhams old the Houselie would iefcthe Payment ofJIemT hers' J3j.il lake its ordjnaiy chance, and Mr Service fenced desperately to avoid committing himself, -Mr .Tucker •took up the "wondrous tale" of reform after dinner. This was ihe longest speech Mr Tucker has made and Jie naj a :little mora impassioned than usual;; His was an ultra-democratic -and lie filed a Parthian-, shot at_ tlie ' shecpist' Mr Staughtou ahoajt the closed leads on bis .estate, 4o -adiieh tlie poor .ovine gentleman mly attempted: to leply Mi Carter then -emptied this House. The -event of the evening "was Mr-G-aunson's epeecli. As boob he he rose, hi bjothei, who was jn ihegalleiy,sent messeugeifi in hQHiasteio find the Opjjoi sitiom ts Ayiio had gone <ifi£ to escape the distressing Carter They all Sock d iu, and there must Jiave^bepn fort on the Oppo ition benches The Minis tenalists, Jed by Jones, went out -^t preconcei'ted;signaljSvhereat33avid'sbrow£ contracted andveiiom«cmii!iate4 from^ns ^yes He spoke very Aalmly, however ' and Jeycted liimeelf to the d ssectio of Hie bill, -Btating. finally that he would sooner "be -torn in. piepea than TOte Joe it, whereat the Opposition cheered ffiightil He-was hardly iQterrupted, winch is unusual but the reasaa; was ihe •absence wf tho -^Mmistensiis^ Two3Qt3iBt6i8 alone $®nmned3 and llicy: pretended n&t; to ^-Jiear Mr Gaonson,- though 1 flofacedjDBe f ^Jieln iield Jhb booJe-Mpside down M Bo^tn^n. flrpw the Speaker'*^atlention to iliiu, ff>i ihe atandin® orders 0o allow t, l)iitSir> Charles-®ouId«oi;«iteiSeire- t&tdfopxiloBei; Mr Gannson jnauaged, by af<-clcyfir, manoaiiirjEe^to postpone tlie otliBi 1 half of hissspefifcli anul 50pesaayi JDfaatirtf^ tSixs reSiliy interesting ipari,^ he abends theii,io laiicclt piitswa. revjeal -the f^con spiracy, t 'His «peecU jou JEhiiMday jyas that «f a statesmanr AndTsoThe week ended but not members' iaboVn— To otter iialis iJieirtoiigues fliey toot, ^ _ •trheSiill'oniJlatJomsattw'tocofjt,' -In ssnshineaiid m storm. "The p-fcasasii Cieck IP&vis; s inform that a new danger is threatening the wheatssrops in portions «f the areas to the ! northward. On atone good agrlcliltnral laud m a high state cnUivatlon the, joiing corn lias a telly apptowmcte not at all jo iiccoid with he expectations' arising out of the favourable weather. Examination into 4hc 'matt«r has «hown that this as -due to ihe presence Si £ small grub, which is present in some parts an greatnumbera,:and.wliichwilii s itvis:fear«dji in imatiy instances seriously .affect "the yield of wheat H«w far 4he -evil lias spread, ahd what 13 the best means of known; but those fanterested-wili^^doubt-J less, ihroughty mTOatigate it.' At present it is the late-sown Crops that have shown the presence of the parasite, but it may evince its power for harm in alL ..-:It ias been seen ;n tlie locality of the parishes of Lallat, Bupanyup, aud Marma, and is already cansuig<some degree of alarm. 