Brevities. The HUlKid moortleft with 64Vo« yastoruw. The rshaaraal of tbe Auitrlan Bud at Vltmketeal yesterday 1- highly spoken of. Several Sydney vialtoia to the Melbourne Inter national Exhibition retnrned this morning. ThA rinniiffinn rtt ihm tCmnrllld Inia -m ADnarBntlTt oauiing mnoh Bnxiety in the mothar country.: Bevaral murdere and othsr atiooitisi have b«an lately oommitted. Sir Hasry Parkes has promised to devote the laet' Saturday of the present month to visiting Orange. WhilBt there he may possibly lay the foundation stone of a new pnblie eehool. The Patriarch Company's olaim at HillEna ll said to have struok good gold-bearing stone in their mine. They hare toiled nnsncoeesf ally for a long while, and1 deserve a rich reward. Mr. J. Huner Stephen will exeroiie his 'gift of healing ' i» Malboume next week, and on Wednes day devote a day to the gratuitous applioatton of hia powers to the poor of that elty. An extraordinary freak of nature ie btitg Bade a eouroe of profit to a showman in the Clarssee 'dis- trict. It is a horse of neither sex. Grammarians would h»r»to 'parse' this animal as of 'uenter gander.' A match at hand-ball haB been arranged bttween C. Fairall and J. Walsh, for tho sum of .£40, to be played at tha Rising Bun, Hand Ball Court, on November 1. A good oonteet is exseoted. ^ uv now n/oman i^atuouc ocnooi'UDvzBut iubidiui dation- atone of whioh waa laid a few months ago, will be«poned and blessed on next Sunday afternoon by Archbishop Vaughafi, who has promised to de liver an address oa the ootastotf. Lady Jervois, with the Misses Jervois, will leave Melbourne for Sjdney next Tuesday. Thtyhave engaged apartments at P/ohlert'e Hotel, whera they intend remaining during their viBit to thia oity. Bet Haa's, a foreigner, was charged with iteilinff a coir of rope, value £2 10s, from the store on hoard tho steamsbip Siam, now lying at Circular Qo*T, and sent to prison for 12 weeks, at the Water Folioo Court this morning. At the Newtown Polioa Conrt, to-day, in the ease Dudley v. Dudley, for wife desertion, an order was made for 20s par week for 12 months. Lily Brooks, for assaulting Miohaol Gannon, an oldsrly gentleman, aged 83, was sont for one month to D&rlinghurBt; gaol. Tha statement that the SIoeufa Libeeaz. had been incorporated with the Mobcya Examieke w« learn is untrue, and that the proprietors of tho former journal do not contemplate any Btioh mea sure. The Liberal has a very eitonsive circulation in the Jjden district. 'A.M.,' a resident of Lyons-terrace, complains of a system of petty thieving which, he says, is baing carried on in the vioinity of his house. He lost a heavy scraper from his hall door on September 13, and two days ago, before 9 p.m., its fellow vanished. The scrapers weighed 281b each. A large diamond snako, measuring nearly five feet in length, was killed yesterday by a Mr. Wright, on the edge of the road, dose to Double Bay. The markine of the skin on the snako ia very pretty, and numbers of this species, whiob aro considered dan gerons, have boen seen in the locality recently, ' Fro Bono Publieo ' sends tbe lollowiug remedy for neuralgia ;— ' The use of celery, and as an external application a mixture of hartshorn and olive oil, one part of the farmer to five parts of the latter, the mixture to be sprinkle- on lint and applied to the part affeoted.' Numbers continue to fltfok to Bermagui, despite the numerous unfavourable reportB which ate beiag wired from that dace almost hourly. Absurd and exagggerated rumours of £39 per weak par man have been Bet afloat, and miners from all outlying districts have completely glutted the place. A resident of Paddiugton deslrcB stttratioa to be called to the state of the Old South Head-road, which, he says, from the want of the water cart, is a eourco of great annoyanoe to shopkeepers. The dust is simply abominable, and when the long expected cart comes, it ia bo miserably inadequate to the lenirta of tho road that one end is dry before the other is finished.' At the Water Folioe Court, William Willenrhby was this morning sentenced to three months' gaol for assaulting Johanna Richardson, in addition to 10»or four days for being drunk and disorderly in George street. Michael Maher waa fined 10- or i days for drunkenness, and 40s or 14 days for an assault on a constable. Mr. St. George, agent for the Lewis Company, denies the report which has been spread abroad that Mr. Richardson had left the company in Hobart Town penniless (including J. P. West). Ha asserts that Mr. Uichardson made every arrangement for their leaving the tity, esJafy, passage, Ho., being paid by him, aooorcing to agreement. John Clarke, aged 73, a resident of FarramaHa, was tbis morning admitted into the Infirmary suffer ing from a fractured thigh bone, caused by the slip ping on a piece of Orange peal in Bathurat-street. At about half-past 11 a lad of II years, named Wil liam Joyoe, was also admitted, suffering from fraotnra of the fibula, eaused by being jammed between the steps of a waggonette. '? Who pushed me?' eald an individual, after he found himself in the gutter of Kina-strset a fair even ings ago. 'i aid, eaia a larnmn, wno imagined that for onoe he had an opportunity of showing that ho could fight. Buttohisdismayandfaaialdisflgnre ment, the man apparently drnnk became undoubtedly sober, whereupon the would- be pugilist proved him self a most accomplished rnnnar. The ghost soene in Hamlet, as bow played at the Opera HoDsa, is my effectively contrived. Hi* spiritQaffatio majesty in made to gradually 'dii«alv«' from view in true ghostly fashion. Herr Bandmann is to be congratulated npon tha generally Mtfartio manner in whioh every detail in connection with the (Treat play it oarried ont, and the excellent support he receives from an unusually efficient ooTfi of actors. Ghiiibtian Teacbibo Bun Mad.— At a meethiff of the Young Men's Christian Association, held at the Protestant Hall hut evening, Mr. Thomas 8purgeon, in the course of his address, ga*e ox prosBion to the following extraordinary sentiment :— ' We are all guilty of high treason to Christ, and we Bhould all go to him with ropes around oux neaks, knowing we were deserving of hell's fireP' Come, Mr, S., is tbis not just a little too hot P ' The Pen and the Ermine ' it the title of a trenchant pamphlet issued from the office ttf the Mudgee Ihdepeudknt newspaper. The writer is Mr. A. G. Taylor, who warmly espousea the oauae ot freedom. He maintains that the form of proaeau tion adopted by the jndges against the Minna News calls for vigorous denunciation, and adds the functions ef jurora, is a relio of barbarous days, and a reproach to the laws as administered in the nineteenth century. The QdeanbitJlN Timxb exults over the fast tiiat someone advertising in its columns has ranted a billiard room, and intends to combine billing with tmrbermg, whioh the Trans says will pears an advantage to the residents. The writer is JBrtM bably a billiardiet, whose hair reqnirsB OBMbv. Another ' lecal industry' tor the manufacture of tha much-needed article soap is being started ia the locality of the Times, and the latter states that 'as far as it iB able to jndge, tho soap is really good.' But the latest intelligence given by tho Times is that the master tailor of the town has made a livery suit for somebody's coachman, ' whioh wa,' the Truss, 'most aay, reflects the highest credit opon him (the tailor— not the coachman) as a mechanic' 'Para- grabB ' are evidently soaroe in Queanbeyan. On Wednesday last, at the Bevision Court, Sir. Penfold, J.P., drew attention to the ocndual of one J. Callanan, who had sent in a list of names, num bering 89, for insertion on the eleotoral roll, out of which number only Sevan were acoepted. Mr. Callauan, in an explanatory letter, says;— 'I assure you, sir, that I was not actuated by any. unfair motives in what I did. Tha simple fact is, that a few days before that upon whioh the claims had to OS esnt in, I was snpplied with a number of names, which were snpposed to have been omitted from the electoral roll, and I was asked to flu np forms, and send them in at tha proper time, which I did. I afterwards made it my onsinesB to asoertain whether these claims were Ima fida or not by going round to the various ad drassos of the persons mentioned in that list, and also by looking over the electoral roll, whoD I found that the names of a good many of these people were alreaoythereon. Others, again, I found were not re siding at the addresses assigned to them in the forms of olaim. Of these I have made a list, and I meant io withdraw them, but unfortunately was not able to attend. Had I been present in court I shodd have made this explanation, and also apologised to the magistrates, which I now do most humbly, for my seemingly apparent reaklsssness. I trust that, after ?Ma ATn1aiaofirt«i art A iw**A***rwr cVVai- TCr_...f-l.:.-_»tll »*-n the subject in a different light, and be ilndenengh to alter their opinion of me.' Tha Illustrated Chbistian Weekly is the title of a new publication issued from tha ofBoes of ie Colonial Publishing Booiety. Its expressed aim Ss to persistently and fearlessly advocate the pnnoiplesof r«li(iousand social progress, aiding in «»ry waytte wort ot the Ohrirtfan ohnrohes with out baoomlng tha organ of any particular deno mination. The . Obbistuh Whklt b a great orwUoi to the pnblishm, and the various utteles on tin leading tjaestioni of the flay well ucmecl. The fnmtbpleo* entitled, 'The Leafy Summer Time,' is a capital pioture, and atoms, proves that the paper will be ooadnotod on c. btgh class scale. The engravings with which in pages are studded are original and faithfsUy exebnted. Generally its first number is an excellent one; and, if mainUuud, will take a bigh potittw ia tbe rooks oi «olff»l»l pettodtoeU. 