A LEGEND OF COLOGNE. Br Bbct Habte. Abovb the bones St. Ursula owns, And those of the virgins she chnperonat ; Above the boats, And the bridge that floats, And the Rhine and the steamer's smoky throats; Above the chimneys and quaint tiled roofs, Above the clatter of wheels and hoofs ; Above Newmarket's open space, Above tnat conscrated place Where the genuine bones of the Magi seen are, And the dozen shops of the real Farina, Higher than even old Hohestraue, Whose houses threaten the timid pas ser; Above them all, Through scaffolds tall And spires like delicate limbs in splinters, The great Cologne's Cathedral stones Climb through the storms of eight hundred winters. Unfinished there, In high mid air The towers halt like a broken prayer ; Through years belated, Unconsummated, The hope of its architect quite frus trated. Its very youth They say, forsooth. With a quite improper purpose mated; And every stone With a curse of its 'own Instead of that sermon Shakspeare stated, Since the day its choir, Which all admire, By Cologne's Archbishop was consecrated. Ah. ! that was a day, One well might say, To be marked with the largest, whitest stone To be found in the towers of all Cologne ! Along the Rhine, From old Bheinstein, The people flowed like their own eood wine. From Rudesheim, And Geisenheim, And every spot that is known to rhyme ; From the famed Cat's Castle of St. Goars To the pictured roofs of Assmannshausen ; And down the track, From quaint Schwalbach To the clustering' tiles of Bacharach ; From Bingen, hence To old Coblentz .- From every castellated crag, Where the robber chieftains kept their 'swag,' The folk flowed in, and Ober- cassel Shone with'the pomp of knight and vassal ; And pouring in from near and far, As the Rhine to its bosom draws the Ahr, Or takes the arm of tho sober Mosel, So in Cologne, knight, squire, andlosel, Choked up the city's gates with men From old St. Stephen to Zint MUrfen. What had they come to see ? Ah me ! I fear no glitter of pageantry, Nor sacred zeal For Church's weal, Nor faith in the virgins' bones to heal ; Nor childlike trust in frank confession Drew these, who, dyed in deep trans gression, Still in each, nest On every crest Kept stolen goods in their possession ; But only their go&t; For something new, More rate than the ' roasf ' of a wandering Jew; Or- — to be exact, To see — in fact — A Christian soul, in the very act Of being damned, secundum artem, By the devil before a soul could part em. For a rumour had flown Throughout Cologne, That the Church, in fact, was the devil's own; That its architect (Being long 'suspect,') Had confessed to the bishop that he had wreckt Not only his own soul, but had lost The very first Christian soul that crossed Tbe sacred threshold ; and all, in fine, For that very beautiful design Of the wonderful choir They were pleased to admire. And really, he must be allowed to say To speak in a purely business way— That, taking the ruling market prices Of souls and churches, in such a crisis It would be shown — And his Grace must own — It was really a bargain for Cologne ! Such was the tale That turned cheeks pale With the thought that the enemy might prevail, * And the church doors snap With a thunder-clap On a Chrietian soul in that devil's trap. But a wiser few, Who thought that they knew Cologne's Archbish-p, replied, 'Pooh, pooh ! Just watch him and wait, And as sure as fate You'll find that the Bishop -will give -? check mate.' ' One here might note How the popular vote, As shown in all legends and anecdote Declares that a breach ' Of trost to o'erreach The devil is something quite proper for each ; And really, if you Give the devil his due, In spite of the proverb— it's something you'll rue. e-J Bnt to lie aad deceive him. To use and to leave him, From Job up to Faust is the way to receive him, Though no one has heard It ever averred . That the 'Father of lies' ever yet broke Aw word, But has left this position, In every tradition, To be taken alone by the « Truth loving' Christian! Bom! from the tower! It is the hour ! The host pours in in its pomp and power Of banners and pyxf And crasjan .anS other - nraocssknal sticks, Andnoendoflbrys In quaint reliquaries, To gladden the aonlsof all true antiquaries - And an OtetOmmJkt»— (A myth to the masses Who trusted theb bones more to mail aad eoirasaea). All borne by the throng Who are marebing along To the square of tto lfem lrttafKoceaskmal eon*, *^ Witt the flaring of dins. And htnabagothiamr^ Aad fee cbantiMr of lnmSred perfunctory Dps; And msa good BtOe boys WhohadcasMmtnmMeaas ? Ami the QmrimuHrcie to show off 'their voice; Allmanh to the sqane Of ta«snmttlMmTaaita*M 3!br^.^ljCwvfa7aloL?2 qpito Cc- jtabrfa^-wram Ta« rmmoar— tae vionemto tak» off the baa. They have left italoac, TlmaavoamiaidedesHaatoaa Of tWjgi wuTTSm* J& 4c flaSMmmiiaafccago Qfaealphnrong presence in that aacred place. Two Carmelites stand On the right and left hand Of the covered sedan chair, to wait the com mand Of the prelate to throw Up the cover and show The form of the victim in terror below. There's a pause and a prayer Then the signal, and there — Is a icomau!— by all that is good and is fair! A woman! and known To them alL One must own Too well known to the many, to-day to be shown As a martyr, or e'en As a Christian ! A queen Of pleasaunce and revel, of glitter and sheen. So bad that the worst Of Cologne spake up first, And declared, 'twas an outrage to suffer one curst And already a fief Of the Satanic chief, To martyr herself for the Church's relief. But in vain fell their sneer On the mob, who I fear On the whole felt a strong disposition to cheer. A woman ! and there She stands in the glare Of the pitiless sua and their pitying stare. A woman still young, With garments that clung To a figure, though wasted with passion, and wrung With remorse and despair, Yet still passing fair, With jewels and gold in her dark shining hair, And cheeks that are faint 'Neath her dyes and her paint — A woman most surely — but hardly a saint ! She moves. She has gone From their pity and scorn ; She has mounted alone The first step of stone, And the high swinging doors she wide open has thrown, Then pauses and turns As the altar blaze burns On her cheeks, and with one sudden gesture she spurns Archbishop and prior, Knight, ladye, and friar, And her voice rings out high from the vault of tbe choir. ' Oh, men of Cologne ! What I was ye have known, What I am, as I stand here, One knoweth alone. If it be but His will I shall pass from Him still Lost, curst, and degraded, I reckon no ill If still by that sign Of Bis anger divine One soul shall be saved ^ He hath blessed more than mine ! Oh, men of Cologne ! Stand forth, if ye own A faith like to this, or more fit to atone, And take ye my place, And God give you grace To stand and confront Him, like me, face to face !' She paused. Yet aloof They all stand. No reproof Breaks the silence that fills the celestial roof. One instant — no more — She halts at the door, Then enters 2 ... A flood from the roof to the floor Fills the church rosy red. Sbe is gone ! But instead, Who is this leaning forward with glorified head And hands stretched to save ? Sure, this is no slave Of the Powers of Darkness, with aspect so brave ? They press to the door, But too late ! All is o'er ; Nought remains but a woman's form prone on the floor. But they still see a trace Of that glow in her face, That they saw in. the light of the altar's high blaze, On the image that stands With the Babe in its hands, Enshrined in the ^churches of all Christian lands. A Te Deum sung, A censer high swung, With praise, benediction, and incense wide flung, Proclaim that the curse Is removed — and no worse Is the Dom for the trial — in fact, the reverse. For instead of their losing A soul in abusing The Evil One's faith, they gained one of his choosing. Thus the legend is told, You will find in the old Vaulted aisles of tbe Dom — stiff in marble or cold In iron and brass, In gown and cuirass. The knights, priests, and bishops who caine to that Mass. And high o'er the rest, With her Babe at her breast, The image of Mary Madonna — the blest. But you look round 411 vain, On each, high pictured pane, For the woman most worthy to walk in her train. Yet, standing to-day O'er the dust and the clay, 'Midst the ghosts of a life that has long passed away, With the slow-sinking sun Looking softly upon That stained-glass procession, I scarce miss the one That it does not reveal, For I know and I feel That these are but shadows — the woman was real. — Belgravia. ? ^ ? _ Oh Wedding Rings.— From very early ages a peculiar charm appears to have been connected with the ring. Without beginning or end, it has long been regarded as an emblem of eternity, and also of the strength and perpetuity of affection. The fourth finger of the left hand has long been con sidered saered, and hence has been conse crated to wear the wedding ring. The Greeks and Bomans were so fully convinced of the intrinsic value attaehaa to this finger, that it was called the medical or healing finger. Their various medicinal preparations were stirred with it in place of a spoon, it being supposed that should any noxious ingredient be included in the cup, warning of tbe fact would immediately be given by a palpitation of tho heart. In some remote country places in England this superstition if still firmly believed in. The other finger* are thought to possess a certain power of evil, bnt a wound or sore stroked by the wedding finger is expected by them in a short time to dU appear; and the wedding ring itself it by many supposed to have tbe same healing offset. The rings need by tho Jews at fhdr marriage ceremonies ware sometimes very large ia else, aad elaborate fa design; the Jewish law demanded, too, that they should be of a sort sin value, and to prove this to bo the case, they were before tbe eereseooy submitted to an examination. It was a rule, also, that tin bridegroom should parcnaM the riag oat of bis own private reeoorees, and not obtain it either on credit eras a gift from a Mend; and after the ring had been placed oa the bride's finger, tho aurriegc was eomndored then, as it is aow, to be oa tho west coast fo Ireland tae veddmc riag ia kept as an aoirioom in the ismOy. aad is osasidsred as tae propony of the ottao wising tags stifwS^&noE; wives ja that district araaatto o« ami of smmmmmi^mt aUI ff^aW ^mmAf; ^A £^M V^*Mkm^^U mWm\\. fa t^n ?sfaGtsMSlll 4WbMyt both ?sWtfcMi tttf MfjQQL SB ^M #af ttsVsM tfsf lalsV flflaOBb VtflaWB*^** Caarg« pemwrit Dirtimtry. 