COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward _ newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] The Austrian band has arrived by the. Aconcagua, and will appear for the first time course y FlemiDgton race Jjewis baa returned from Sydney with aU the little "Pinafore" people. It waft snppoaed that they were going to Adelaide,' but they are not The bulk of the Lyster opera company, in- cluding Madame Hersee, Mr. Verdi, Mr Templeton, Miss Lambert, Mrs, Fox, Mr,. Beaumont, Mr. Levison, and the chorus and band, left Melbourne on Thursday for Ade- laide by the Victorian. The rejuvenated Polytechnic is progressing, and is to be opened on the evening of the Cap Day. The improvements and alteration' have been mnch greater than were at 6rit, contemplated. It is not unlikely that it» opening season will commence with a French company lately arrived in Melbourne. The Simonsen opera company is under- stood to be now organised, and they con- template entering upon a long travel in this and the other colonies in about a week from this time. Besides Madame and the Misses. Simonsen, there are Miss Godfrey, Signor Paladini, Signor Bianchi, Mr. Riccardi, &c.; A company of amateurs at Footsow gjw, a performanoe oh Tuesday night ">r ®:, benefit of eome persona who woe maw destitute by a fire which happened several, weeks since. The programme inclaaed the drama of "Oar Nelly" and the old faro®1 comedy of " High Lile.Below Stairs. ' Sn»rar, OCT. i At the Queen's Theatre. MeasraCwp.' Greville, and Co. on Satnway tkM Wted their management 'with Mim waw ®omeroy, an Amer«»n actrpM, in Like It," eupporfed hy.the »reak®t c9^ pany, speaking of'it as a whole, that appeared in Sydney Jo* mar lady is handsome, and, like most AmW, actresses, dresses will, but % all is sakL - She. has a sthmg Yanto ***5 D66Q ft fitt(W88j. tu6r vOlflpSfl/ _ ru|ned .her.' Iwbw. tb»t. dently do not ftaliseAe old experience teacbds, Vt ' the Royal, Melbourne ft common npntrbM jiuv iiuni &)gg5bBp&£gi " Hamlet" on Saturday n«ht Stf'- .r^andtnann, and be d,fler8 -ill alwW Jmnnn of a dozen yeatB ago f'' the Band®8?" interpoiated Bome of Kf in that be has phe had the ad RmV'S SSS ir one '»' 5>S« (1'nrleliaa ever seen in Mnej. jooet KraC®i £ young, pretty, and winaome. Miefl Beaude" 'v is a strong one. The The company "I3,"Ted the Ghost, and veteran H°8kina P -ved mtl9t have done (be reception be i genUine and warm, is heart ?°i d be needleBB to criticise,his Of course itT"' he8 whicb could not be delivery o/^^terly. Mr. Cathcart was a^^opfas King. Mr. Douglas's Laertes bflPPi ycaf find favour wherever he plays it, vill alwWn rAlftrawaring'B Queen is worthy ? BDdMiBs DocyMamjan ^ ^ 0{ uDquai'fie^ P|ragVerybody seemed to work ^he^erformance, though long, , pasBed off without a^iitch. a fort. At the Royal, Saturday by night's ,ru.n'/;i:,fer8 jg not Gold" and the '' WHhe«d Leaves," or "The of ?he GJen." " The Two Roses is nDjerli"e'|;. n;orania, at the School of Arts, Thomson s au(j there has been a XAwd «.»' «. the Exhibition ears. .»'»»bave d°°e ar since. ADELAIDE, OCT. 4. ,r pnhorta and Miss Lemore finished £ eSaSent at the Royal with the K Sow propose to give their enter Sent "Merry Moments" else where. Of rS dramas lately played here "Eileen o/e" appeared the most important, and Mr. Roberts in that, as in the rest, gave us a real Irishman of the rollicking sort. MIBS Lemore i«d her special evenings, when, a dramatisa tion of Bleak Bouse being produced, she Stained opportunities of lowing UB how ably and intelligently she could play .the melancholy Joe. " The Colleen Bawn might now with advantage be placed in a museum, «id managers resuscitating Bame rendered liable to penal servitude for life. Benefits announce the dose of the dramatic and cuening of the operatic season. Mr. HoUo my's benefit taking place to-night, when the company are to present him with an address . an^i& rpfprpnrft to pprpnt nrmleflRant Mr. Sketcbley has announced two more leadings at Gamer's Theatre for Wednesday and Friday, and Professor Pepper will show bis disembodied spirit at the Bame place for the first time next Saturday. Mr. Ketten gives an extra recital, by inangement with Mr. Allison, at the Theatre Royal, to-morrow (Tuesday) night. Madame C&rlotta; Patti and M. De Munck, who left Melbourne a few weeks ago for Sjdney, en route for America, have since then hid an advantageous offer, which they have accepted, to go to Batavia, BO that their return to the States will be deferred. Mr. Walter Reynolds took a benefit at the Theatre Royal, Christchurch, N.Z., on the 23rd nit. He appeared as Conn in "The SbaBghrami," which is described as having been played in an extemporised manner. Mr. fcynoldB made a speech on the occasion. Mr. Creswick writes that he had a delight ful passage home in the Durham, that he was in excellent health, and that he had been urged to reappear at his old home, the Surrey, but that nothing was settled. He thinks affectionately of Australia, and finds that things have changed a good deal during his absence. Out of London he says-"The drama is represented by itinerant showB, in consequence of which one of the oldest pro vincial managers, Mr. Simpson, of Birming ham, told me that he had been obliged to disband his company this season and depend jjpon the wanderers. Another blow for dramatic training, for Birmingham wag to some extent a home and a school of the drama." Mr. Henry Bracy writes that he has ac cepts the appointment of stage manager of the Globe Theatre, London. Mrs. Bracy is r 1° e?£nEe£to play at the 8ame theatre. Mr. Mr. Bracy says, is engaged at the aroma Iheatre, to conduct the new opera of ?i'w.ftattrth.'0 c°me Tinthe 