"" SUMMARY -OF NEWS ron HOME READERS. His Excellency tho Administrator of the Govern- | mont, Sir Henry Lefroy, -with Lady and Míbs Lefroy, visited Deloraine and Westbury on tho 24th ult. At tho latter placo the annual Show was being held, and His Excellency met with a very icordial rccoption. The Viee-Rogal party retnrned to Hobart Town next day. On Saturday last His Excellency was entertained at dinner, at tho Tas- manian Club. The Hon. J. W. Aguow (President) presided, and in proposing the health of His Excel- lency, he Bpoko of the great amount of popularity and good-will Sir Henry had gained during the luief period ho had beon hore, and said that, if by any happy chanco the homo authorities could see thoir way to make His Excellency's stay a per- manent one-that is, for tho usual term of Go _ vcrnorsbips - no arrangement could bo more pleasing, or give greater satisfaction to the colonists -a sentiment which was received with prolonged cheering. Sir Henry, in roply, said that Tasmania occupied, to bis mind, a position of remarkable social and political interest in this hemisphere. No colony, except New Zealand, bado so fair to porpetuate the qualities of race which had made Britain famous. The fine harbours, and other marítimo advantages, and the mineral and pastoral wealth of the island only required time for development. His Excellency also spoke of the warmth and heartiness of the welcome which he and biB family had received in this colony, and the keon enjoyment they derived doily from the lovely scenery. On Monday His Excellency and Lady Lefroy visited the Invalid Depots at New Town, and also that known as the Brickfields, and found much to approve. We wero a little disturbed a few days ago by the receipt of a cablegram tu the effect that The Time« announced that Major-General Nioholson, Lieut.-Governor of Jersey, had been appointed Governor of Tasmania. The statemont, '' coming from suob a source, was considered pretty reliable, moro especially as there bave for months been doubts as to whether Sir George Strahan will come here ; but on the following day it waB contra- dicted, so that existing arrangements remain, namely, that as Boon as Sir Hercules Robinson takes up his residence at the Cape, Sir George Strahan will come to Tasmania. An intercolonial conference, consisting of repré- sentatives of Victoria, New South Wales, aud South Australia, has just finished its sittings in Melbourne. It waa held to consider questions more immediately affecting those colonies, but the scope of its labours extended much beyond that limit. Resolutions were passed in favour of a federal council, a fedoral court of appeal, restrictivo legislation on the Chinese question, extradition warrants for absconding debtors and wife deserters, extirpation of phylloxera from Victorian vine- yards, and border duties. On the latter question, however,- no arrangement was como to between Victoria and New South Walca. Thn Conference moots again in Sydney at Christmas, when all the polonieB will probably bo represented. The most exciting news of the fortnight comes from the Solomon Islands, where Lieutenant-Com- mander Bower and six of the crew of Her Majesty's sohooner Sandfly were massacred at the end of October. The schooner anchored at Teyemboka, and the Commander and men left in a whaleboat cto survey the east coast of Florida Islands, They went to Nogu Island, where the natives attacked and murdered them, without the least provocation, in the most savage fashion. Such outrages are becoming frequent, and demand the attention of the home authorities, H.M.S. Emerald has been ordered from Sydney to Solomon Islands. . i The pollinglfor a member of the Legisl stive Counoil for Tamar, in tho placo of Mr. F. W. Grubb, whoBe seat was declared vacant, took placo on the 30th ult. The candidates were Mr. P. W. Grubb and Mr. John Scott. Both parties' worked hard, and the result was a great surpriso to Mr. Grubb's party, who expeoted the contest to be much closer. Tho returns were :-Scott, 171 ; Grubb, 77 ; majority ipr Scott, 94. The new member was at ono time a representative in the Houso of Assembly, and ho is a popular man in private life. The defeat of Mr. Grubb will probably prevent any member for the future leaving tbo Colony for a whole session without resigning his seat beforehand. The electors of Tamar evidently felt tho virtual dis£ranchifc_.iient, and resented it accordingly. The local committees connected with tho South- western Railway Association aro working with some energy. A meeting of delegates is shortly to bo held, when important mattera in conncotion with this agitation for railway extension will be considered. ' The'most important education examinations pf the year are now going on. The preliminary ex- amination for tbo degree of Associate of Aria took place on Friday last. There were 21 candidates, 14'males, and 7 females, and all passed except one malo. The general examination will continuo all this week. The examination for the Tasmanian Scholarships began on Monday. Thero are six candidates. Alf the results will bo known next week. The annual munioipal eleotions throughout tho colony take place to-morrow, and are exciting some interest. In several of the country municipalities there is no contest, the retiring members being elected. Ia, Hobart Town, two of tho retiring Aldermen, Messrs. Watahorn and Daly, Beek re- election, and there are five other candidates, viz , Meaars. Belbin, Brownoll, Gregory, RUby, and Clark. Three of these gentlemen have occupied eeats in tho City Council in previous years. At Launceston tho retiring Aldermen, Mesara. Douglas, Thompson, and Harrop, are opposed by Mr. Ellis. The Tasmanian Court at the Melbourne Exhibition has lately had a good many improvements made in its arrangements, under the personal superintendence of the President of the Royal Commission, the Hon. Dr. Agnew, M.L.C. The report of that gentleman on the Court is a very favourable one. An interesting outcome to the exhibit of stone is about to take place. The Tasmanian stone trophy, which was erected in the grounds of the Exhibition by Mr. Robert Robinson, of Spring Bay, attracted a good deal of attention, and led to a controversy as to which stone would be the best for the Victorian Government to use in fronting the new Parliament houses in Melbourne. Stone from either of two Victorian quarries, Mount Abrupt and Stawell, was stated to be preferable to Tasmanian. Mr. Robinson challenged the Stawell people to a public test, but was not taken up. By public advertisement in the Melbourne papers he has now, aided by capitalists here, challenged the Mount Abrupt proprietors, Messrs. Coulter and Howell, to a public trial. He states that he will meet them in Melbourne with a block of Tasmanian stone, 2ft. by 2ft. by 4ft., and work the same into a fluted column, and again challenges the Stawell quarries to the same test, being prepared to prove that Tasmanian stone is of equally good quality, and can be dressed at one-half the cost of either of the others. The result is looked forward to with great interest, as the proof of the superiority of the Tasmanian stone will open up trade to a considerable extent. Tasmania will be extensively represented at the wool show in January. Mining speculators have increased facilities provided daily. Auction sales of mining scrip are growing in favour, and during the last week or two a large number of shares have been submitted, and sold under the hammer in a manner satisfactory alike to sellers and buyers. The reports of the different fields ore of a satisfactory nature. Beaconsfield well maintains its reputation as a steady goldfield. The last cleaning up at the Tasmania Company's battery was most satisfactory, resulting in a cake of l,354oz. 3dwt. retorted gold from 1,320 tons stone, being at the rate of 1oz. 0dwt, 12gr. to tho ton, A crushing of 135 tons stono from tho Golden Gate Company's claim yielded 175oz. I3dwt. retorted gold, an average of loz. 6dwt. per ton. The Olive Branch got 33oz. from a crushing of 24 tons of stone, and 10 tons from Macdonalds section yielded lOoz. Other claims aro re- ported well of. Tho dividend of £1 per share which has sinco been declared by tbo Tas- manian Company makes the total amount paid in dividends £100,875, being £34 2s. Od. per share. Steady work is going on at the BIuo Tier, but a reported discovery of a rich reef somo distanoo from that place proves to bo a dehborato swindle, the perpetrators of which obtained considerable sums from various speculators for interests in tho supposed discovery. The BiUincloa Gold Mining Company at tho Black Boy havo had a orushing with fair results. The quantity of Btono was 73 tons, which gave 123oz. of amalgam, yielding 414oz. of gold, or an average of lldwt. 8gr. to tho ton. Very good nowa has been recoived from tho North Mount Cameron goldfiold, and tho consequenco has been a stir in theshare market, especially about Desk fords ian d Royal Tasmans. The Mount Bischoff Tin Mining Company havo declared and paid thoir 25th'.dividend. Each Bhare has now recoived £13, or a total profit in all to dato of £150,000. The reported discovery of reefs at tho Pieman has intensified the interest taken in that locality, and the Government have at last placed a sum of money in''the hands of the proper authoritiea to havo traok cutting proceeded with. Tho Molbourno speculators who are opening up the Montagu Com- pany's property are getting ou well. Labour of various kinds, and provision«, have already been sent to the ground, and tho mon's huts are completed, so that active mining operations will be commenced without delay. Gontlemen who have recently visited the mino speak encouragingly of ita prospects. A board has been appointed to adjudicate upon tho claims for a roward offered by the Government some years since for the discovery of a payable goldfiold. . The chief event in Volunteer matters has been the Intercolonial Rifle Match at Williamstown, Victoria, on the 21th ult., in which a team from Tasmania took part. Tho match resulted in a vic- tory for the Victorians, but tho firing of all the teams was exceptionally good, and the totals ob- tained wera very closo to each other. Tbo Vic- torian total was lal ahead of Now South Wales. South Australia waa only 10 behind Now South Wales, and Tasmania 37 behind South Australia. ïtJis believed that the Tasmanian team would have floored even'better than they did had they boen ac- customed to firing at COO yards, which has not been much practised' In Tasmania. A number of other BUtaitltMIék^lace after the Intercolonial Matoo, and several Tasmanian Volunteers competed in theni, carrying off prizes. On the 23rd ult. Col. Scratchley, R.E., the Superintendent of Colonial Defences, and Colonel Roberts, commanding the New South Wales Permanent Artillery, arrived at Launceston. His Excellency tho Governor, attended by his Private Seoretaiy, Captuiu Hussey, and accom- panied by Cdloncl Angelo, the Commandant of the Tasmanian VoluutecrForceB, and Colonels Sciatchley and Roberts, made an official inspection of the Launceston Volunteers on tho 23rd ult, At the conclusion tho Governor delivered a very practical address to tho Volunteers, complimenting them,on their soldierly bearing, and the general knowledge of preliminary drill 'v> Inch had been eviheed ; at the samo time giving them to understand they had still much to learn. His Excellency, accompanied by tbo above-named military officers, on tho 25th nil,} inspected the proposed site for a battery on Pig Island, on the River Tamar. Tho party arrived iii Hobart Town in the evening of tho samo day, And on the following morning inspected the Quecn'é Battery in tho Domain, Hobart Town, and also tho batteries in courso of construction at One Tree Point and Kangaroo Point, near the city. His Ex celloncy took advantage of tho presence of tho military visitors, and on the evening of the 20th nit. held a review of tho Southern Volunteer Forces, at the Military Barracks. There was a large muster of Volunteers, who went through different kinds of drill. His Excellency addressed thom afterwards in complimentary terms. Prior to tho roviow being held, a presentation of a sword, belt, otc, complete, was mado to Sergeant-Major Brear, tho new instruotor in gunnery, by the com- missioned officers of the S. T. Artillery Corps. Three detachments of the S.T.V.A. Corps had some shot and shell practice, in the Queen's Battery, on the 27th ult. Among the visitors were Sir Henry Lefroy, Colonels Angelo, Soiatohley, and Roberts, and other gentlemen, Some excellent shooting was made, the Governor stating that be had neon a great deal of artillery practice, but could not desire better work than ha bad seen that after- noon. It was quite good enough for any service. Colonels Scratchley and Roberts left Hobart Town on the 29th ult., and returned to Melbourne via Laun- ceston, It is rumoured that Commodoro Wilson, of tho Australia squadron, who is a great admirer of Hobart Town and its harbour, intends to red dczvous here with his squadron early in next y Cal?, and that he is also trying to organiap a military and naval demonstration. A rifle competition for a silver cup, presented by Sergeant T. H. Gould, between members of tho Launceston Riflo liegt ment, took place on the 4th inst, Volunteer J. M. Martin was the winner. Cricket is the favourite pastimo throughout the colony, and is now in full swing. Clubs are to be found in all tho country townships, and its votaries aro numbered by thousands. The Secretary of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association, Mr. J. G. Davies, has, whilst in Melbourne, made arrange- ments for the Australian cricketers to pay Tas- mania a visit. Thoy aro to bo here in a fortnight's time, and are sure of a hearty welcome. Of tho Association matches, that between the Break o' Day and Derwent Clubs ended iu a draw, as the departure of some of the former club's team for Melbourno prevented the match being played out. A match has now been aoinineuoed between the Break o' Day and Wellington Clubs. The contcbtd for the champion racket at the Hobart Town Tennis Court havo been continued. The first ties have been played. Tho entries for the New Year's Day meeting of the Tasmanian Jookoy Club have been received, and their large number promises that the sport will bo good. In evening amusements we have n lull before the summer rush sets in. Simonsen's Opera Company had a wonderfully successful con- clusion to a short season in Hobart Town, and have gono to Now Zealand. The Alice JohnB Dramatic Company, however, unfortunately out-Btayed their welcome in Launceston, and at last "cut and run," sans cérémonie, two of the number, a scene painter and a super., getting short terms of imprisonment for an attempt to remove property from the Odd- fellows' Hall, whero it was detained for rent due. Mr. Hurry Simmonds, the responsible manager, has left enquiring friends behind him. There has been a continuation of tho changeable weather, for which this season haB been remarkable. The crops look Well in soma parts, and there are indications of a good harvest. Tho Western Agri- cultural Association's Show was held at Westbury on November 24, and proved a success. His Excel, leucy Sir Henry Lefroy was amongst those who were present. The Spring Show of the Hobart I Town Amateurs, Gardeners, and Cottagers' Horti I oultural Society was held at tho Town Hall on tho I 25th, and was also a succcsf. It is understood th.it His Grnco the Duko of Manchester, who is now iu Melbourne, will visjt Tasmania shortly. The annual meeting of the Tas- manian Star District, I.O.O.F., M.U., was held a few days ago, when the following officers were oleoted for the ensuing year:-F.G.M., E, G. Jackson; P.D.O.M., J. E, Meech; P.O.S., Mr. Strutt (re-eleoted). A return has recently been published showing that not only haB there been a decrease in the amount expended for out-door relief during 1S8Û, but that there was a decrease of 51 in tbo number of paupers maintained in the charitable institutions. The number of paupers in 1879 was 737, and for 1880 it is 080. The Tasmanian Oyster Culture Association have begun operations, bave laid down a large number of oysters in " parks" at Little Oyster Cove. The annual licensing meetings were held throughout tho colony on the 1st ¡UBt. The principle of refusing to increase the number of publichouses was generally acted upon, and in soma cases whero renewals of the licenses of houses in tbo occupation of poisons who had misconducted themselves were applied for, the applications were refused. For some weeks past considerable uneasiness has existed in the minda of many owing to fche cowardly conduct of some one who has in the most unfre- quented parts of the city and suburbs, night after night, represented a "ghost." This individual has sufloetifjed in frightening a number of women and children, and when pursued by men on|several oc- casions has always managed lo popape. He gene- rally wore a gown and hoad-dresB of white material, which was coated with a metallic or phosphorescent I substance. Last Thursday night the " ghost" was noticed in Salamanca Place, near the Custom House, by three constables. As a man named Nevin, the Town Hall keeper, appeared to be in the company of the ghost, he was arrested, but was subsequently discharged by the Sub-inspector of Police. The "ghost" was pursued by two territorial constables, but proved to be more fleet of foot than they. An investigation was held into the circumstances by the Police Committee, and as it was shown that Nevin was drunk, after repeated cautions as to what it would lead to, he was dis- missed from the position which he held as hall keeper. Three cases of drowning have been re- ported, Mr. Aaron Ashwood, water bailiff, while proceeding up theDerwent on Saturday, is supposed to have had his boat dil opposite Government House, and to have been drowned. Portions of his boat and aleo hip hat have been ploked up on the eastern shore. A few mornings ago the body of an old woman, named Mary Ann Cooper, alias Hickle, was found floating near the wharves. She was a woman of drunken habits. It is supposed that she walked over the wharf the previous night. A little girl named Dobson has been drowned in the Thomas River, Thomas' Plains, While playing near her parents' hut, which Was built on the bank of the river, tho little one fell into tho water, and her abscnoe was not noticed nntil somo time afterwards, when her body waB found in tho river. A man named Joseph Ald- ridge, a resident of Upper Queon- strcot, died suddenly from disease of the heart on November 26th. A carpenter named Joseph Stacey a few days ago cut his throat with a razor, and has since died. Tho deceased was rather eccentric. A ohild named August Brandstater, aged two years and throe months, the son of a resident of Sorell Creek, was accidentally burned on Sunday week, while its parents were attending a religious sorvico, and has since died. The Executive Committee of the Hobart Town ' Regatta mob on the 2nd inst., to wind up affairs in connection with the last nquatio festival. The com. mittoo intend to propose Tuesday, the 8th February, as the day for holding tho next regatta. Three meetings have boon held at New Norfolk during the past fortnight, to make arrangements for the holding of tho Now Norfolk annual regatta, to take placo ou the 27th iuBt. A yacht race for second class yachtB, in connection with the Derwent Yacht Club, was sailed at Hobart Town on the 27th ult. Three boats started. The race was a hollow one, Mr. E. H. Puarco's Aida, 3 tons, taking the lead at tho beginning and keeping it throughout, winning easily. Tho fourth heat for the trophy offered by the Tamar Yacht Club was sailed on the 4th inßt. at Launceston. The Florrie non. The Ripple fouled on a sunken pile and stove in a plank. A four oared boat raco, botween four orews of the Railway employés, took pluoo at Hobart Town on the ijyth ult. Tho crews were representatives of tho fitters, blacksmiths, carriage lifters, and running abed departments. The last-named won, There is a probability of Professor Cavill, the expert swimmer, who is now at Sydney, visiting Hobart Town during noxt month. The Hobart Town Bathing Associa- tion aro trying to make arrangements for bis visit. Tho London clipper burque Lanoma, (¡65 tons, P. Wittiugham, arrived at Launceston on tho 29th ult,, after a smart passage of 8,5 days from port "to port. Modorately lino weather was experienced during thp voyago, which was an uneventful one. She bogan discharging on the 2ud inst. There are four London trading vessels at present at Hobart Town, The barque Harriot McGregor is proceeding with her loading rapidly. »She has all her dead n eight on board, und Is now stowing wool. She is expected to sail ou the Jfith inst. Tho barque Ethel, the next vessel to follow the Harriet McGregor, is also pushing forward with her loading. She is announoed to take her depar- ture for London on the 84th inst. The ship Wogoola finished discharging on the 3rd inst,, with the exception of about 00 tons of deadweight, whiob she will retain for awhile as stiffening. 8ho was taken up on Mr. Lupas' slip on the 4th inst., I to ascertain if she received any damage through her I grounding, on the 10th ult., whilst coming into har. I hour on the night of her arrival from London, It ! was found that the bow end of the false keel was splintered for about a foot, and chafed for a fut the* distance of about 4ft,. This iajnry waa re» j paired* awl Um ship wie lattaoted« lae .7th ím*I Tbo Wogoola, and also the barque Lufra, will commence loading for London shortly, and will Êrobably sail about the end of next month. At aunceston, the two London traders Berean and Westbury are fast filling uri. The farmer may be expected to clear out about the 13th ¡list. On the 5th inst. tho Berean hod on board 2,000 bales of wool, ICO tons of tin, 50 tons of bark, and 3 tons of tallow ; and tho Westbury had taken in 400 bales of wool, 30 ton8 of bark, and 20 tons of tin. H.M.S. Cormorant, screw composite sloop, 1,137 tons, 950-horae power (Commander, James A. T. Bruce), one of tho men-of- war oa the Australian station, arrived at Launceston on the 25th inst., from Melbourne , Sho leftagain for Sydney on the 2nd inst. Tho barque Taiwan, a German vessel, of 373 tons, owned by Mr. P. Kerberg, of Sonder burg, arrived at Hobart Town on the 29th ult., from Mauritius, with a cargo of sugar. She began discharging it on the 1st inst. Tho German schooner Baron Von Veltheim, which arrived here on the 15th dit., from Mauritius, sailed again on the 5th inst. for Adelaide, S.A., whence she pro- ceeds to the. Cape bf Good Hope. During her last trip from Melbourne to Launceston, the s.s. Man- gana was thrown oat of her course some nine or ten miles in consequence of a deviation in her compass, caused by the attraction of a portable steam engine, « tuon was stowed close to the bridgr, Captain R. A. Hall has purchased the ketch Governor Weld, 50 tons, for the trade on the East Coast of Tasmania. Messrs. Watchorn and Pike reOently purchased in Sydnoy, N.S.W., the small steamer Minx, for the purpose of extending the trade between Hobart Town and the small ports along the entrance to the River Derwent. She arrived here on the 6th inst. She is 34 tons net register, and seems a very suitable steamer for the trade, The whaling barque Derwent Hunter put in near Hobart Town on the 23rd ult,, for provisions. She had l8 tuna of sperm oil. The whaling barque Aladdin, wbioh put in at the Bluff, N.Z., to land her captain, who was soverely injured whilst cutting in a whale, and who has siuoo died from the effects of the injury, resumed her cruise on the 25th tait > in charge of the chief mate, Captain Scannon. The whaling barque Sapphire has been reported off New Zealand with 25 tuns of Bperm oil. The whaling barque Asia put in near Hobart Town to cut in a sperm whale which she bad taken, and which is ex peo ted to yield about 8 tuns. She will resume her cruise during this week. The above-named four vessels belong to Hobart Town. The New Bedford Whaling barque Mabel j has discharged 10 tuns of oil at Hobart Town. She j is nOW re-fitting, and will leave hero in a few days for New Bedford, going via the whaling grounds, to try and increase the quantity of oil she will take henoe to America, namely, 45 tuna, News was received ou the 1st inst. of the death of Captain Edward Cojtping, of the whaling barque Aladdin, at the hospital in Invercargill, New Zealand. The deceased met with an accident a short time ago, from the effeots of which he never recovered. Ho was a native of the colony, and had been engagea in the whaling trade for the principal portion of his life. 