An ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. Little more than two months have passed siace my own personal experience of mental phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the occurrence With which the following narra tive deals. Yet already I find that round the original story there has gathered a sur prising accumulation of the mythical element, and that I myself am in danger of becoming a hero of romance in more senses than one. As I object to be looked upon as a kind of medium to whom supernatural visitations are vouchsafed, and, on the other hand, do not wish to be set down as a crazy dreamer whose disorganised nervous system Tenders him abnormally liable to fantastic delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request of some who have begged me to make public the following paper. I am told that there are those who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it be eo it is better they should hear the facts from me than after they have passed through other channels. The narrative was written at the request of a friend not many days after the event, when all the circumstances were fresh in my recollection. On the 10th of October, 1879, I drove over from Norwich to Mannington Hall to spend the night at Lord Orford's. Though I was in perfect health and high spirits it is fair to state that, for some weeks previously, I had had a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of one kind and another. I was not, however, conscious of anything approach ing weariness, irritability, or 'fag.' I arrived at .4 p.m., and was engaged in pleasant and animated conversation till it was time to dress for dinner. We dined at 7j our party numbered sis persons. Of these four at least had been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener ; the talk was general and discursive, and amused and interested me greatly- Not for a single moment did it turn upon the supernatural; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art and the experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe intelligently what they had seen and comment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely been at a more pleasant party. After dinner we played a rubber. We ' left off aa we began,' and as two of the guests had 8ome distance to drive we broke up at half-past 10. The main object of my going over to Mannington was to examine and take notes upon some very rare books in Lord Orford's library which I had been anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, but had never been fortunate enough to meet with up to this time. I asked leave to sit up for. some hours and make transcripts. His lord ship first wished me to let his valet remain in attendance .to see all lights put out, but ' as this would nave embarrassed me and com pelled me tb go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed .likely that I should be occupied till two or three in the morning, it was agreed thfct I should be left to. my own devices, and the servants should be allowed ' -to retire. By 11 o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I. was very soon busily at work and absorbed in my occupa tion. The room in which I was writing is a 'large oae, with a huge fireplace and grand old chimney } and it is needless to say that it is ftfrnuhed . with 'every comfort and luxury. * The library opens into this room, and I hafl t6 pass out from where I was sitting into this librdrv and get upon a chair to reach the volumes 1 wanted to examine. There were Bi^8maUvofumeain all. I took them down add plac^-' them at my right hand in a 1&fa; pile, 8:ni*et to work— some- ^imes reading, oometdajfis writing. As I Snlfiii'?'! ;^nft^ booti^placed it in front of jnei 'There Wvrsiofc4 silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and -as Iiam a chilly person, Iv«at myself at one ?-, 'comer of the table with the fire at my left, j4and «t%terrals, «s 1 finished with a book^ I lose, knocked the firetogether, and stood up to warm uiy feet, I continued in this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than , I expected, and I had only one more book to occupy me. I rose, wound lip &y; watch, and openfea* bottle of eeltzer wjfter, and I remember thinking to myself that I shonld get to bed by 2 after ail. I set to worVftt the last little book. . I had been 'efigw^ed upon it about half an hour, and was JTst beginning to think that mj work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my ' head, there-sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with ids back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, . and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been at work upon. The man's face was turned , away from me, but I saw his closely- cut red-dieh-brown hair, bis ear, and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high cheekbone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or .some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The light hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left hand. Both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were conspicuous. I remember thinking that the hand was lik» the hand of Velasquez's magnificent * Dead Knight* in the National Gallery. I looked : At my visitor for some seconds, and was ? '; perfectly sure that he 'was not a reality. A _--; - .-. thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm or even uneasiness ; curiosity and a strong interest ..;-.:-? were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked \- on a tray on my right for a pencil j then I I.;-.' thought, 'Upstairs I have a sketch book shall I fetch it r There he sat, and I was fascinated ; afraid, not . of his staying, but ha he should go. Stopping in my writimr, 1 lifted any left band from the paper, stretched it ont to the pile of books, and moved die top one. I cannot explain ?why I did this — my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed and nothing more. I went on with my writing as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and had actually got to the last few words of 'what I bad determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before.* I saw the hands close to my own; I turned my head again to examine aim more cioaely, and t was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that 1 did not dare to speak. I torn afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat L I turned my head agaiu to my work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and notes are at this moment be . fore me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point cut the words f was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it on the table ; it made a slight noise as it fell — the figure vanished. Throwing myself back iu my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a suspicion that 1 was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning ; then I rose, lit my bedroom candle, took my books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and replaced five of the volumes ; the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where 1 had been writing when the phantom did me the honor to appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasi ness. I blew out the four candles and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty — I know not which — but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnished narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, or reference I leave to others. 