CHILDREN'S INQUIRY COLUMN. Allie.—What is it to sin against the Holy Ghost? To deny His existence, or reject His aid. I imagine your question refers to the terrible words, " Whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come."—Matthew xii. 32; and to similar statements elsewhere. If you examine the passage vou will see that it is connected with the reckless and cruel slander that Christ " cast out devils by Beelzebub." In Mark it is added, " Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit." Now, such thoughts could only belong to a defiant state of heart which wilfully misrepresented Christ's character and work, and would not examine His claims. Simon, in Acts viii. 18,19, is equally ignorant of the real nature and office of the Holy Ghost, and yet his request in verse 24 proves that even such a sin may be prayed over, when repented. It " shall not be forgiven," because it cannot be pardoned, while a human soul can sec no difference between the "Spirit of God" and the "prince of devils;" or, while it refuses to accept salvation from the only Being able to give it. Once let the feeling hange, aud the course is clear enough. The desire for pardon, aud the dread of "grieving the Holy Spirit," are in themselves assurance of our safety. God has given us the power to decline His salvation if we choose to do so. H r e mus consent. He will not compel us to serve Him. And rightly. Tbe obedience of compulsion could not satisfy Him or us; but the deliberate choice of His service, and the acceptance of His aid, are a foundation upon which even God may fitly build our holy life and character. So long as we wish to serve Jesus truly, we may be perfectly certain that we are in no danger of sinning "against the Holy Ghost." See 1 Cor. xii. 3; 1 John iv. 1—13; Luke xi. 13. Will you send me your address. I should like to hear from you and " Olive" again. To the boys and girls.—All communications in connection with this column must be addressed to me at the Colonist Office, Leigh-street, Adelaide. THALIA CURTIS. 