Though the precise majority against the Ministry is not known at the time we write, it is evidently quite large enough to-ensure the retirement of the Seryice party from/‘office after a Verft brief period of power. The gain of the opposition is Very large comparatively, and mnch greater than could have been expected by merely outside observers. -As our readers know, the result of the election does not take us by surprise, as we pointed out from the first that the .Reform Bill was a measure Ml of danger, and one Which gave to' the opposition the means of making a powerful appeal to the people. The no compromise cry was, in, the very nature of ;the case, one of very dubious policy, since it was evident that to ask any House of Legislation to surrender in formal terms rights so often claimed and so persistently upheld was venturing upon the most dangerous ground that could be selected for the reform struggle.- So. conscious were we of the dangers ■ that we thought it our duty, despite the unpopularity of the course, to point"out; that a grand opportunity waa being lost of' getting rid of the reform difficulty, which, after all, we regarded more as a political cry than a dire necessity. Mr .Service and Mr Berry have been wrecked much after the same fashion. Mr Berrj tried some four mechanical methods o) procuring finality, and faded in all, although he had at one time a very large .and very compact majority at his back He thought, or at least pretended tc think, that he would get power from the Imperial authorities to carry out his devices, and returned from Europe with nothing more than a recommendation .tc be moderate and model his Action 6t that of the Imperial Parliament. This meant, of course, though he refused tc accept the evident meaning, that his devices to escape from the consequences of his rashness would be of no avail, and they broke down one after the other, despite the ppwer with which he set out Mr Service essayed a still more elabb-' .rate measure in the same direction, he refused to alter any of its main features, and the Conse quence is, that he has been defeated both in the Assembly and on an appeal to the country. Many reasons will, of course, be given for the defeat of Wednesday last, the foremost of which will be the Catholic vote, which went, evidently, against the ministerial candidates. This will account, to some extent, for the large majority which the Opposition has. obtained, but it will-not wholly explain it. We do not believe that the Catholic vote could have by itself produced such a result, and are of opinion that its influence was aided by the Cry that the privileges. of the people’s House were to be taken away, and that the real aim was, to get rid of the preponderating power of the As sembly in financial affairs. Whether the cry was true or false is not now the question, as there can be no doubt that the nature of the reform scheme - gave occasion for the cry, which is About the most formidable that' a conservative candidate could have to encounter. From' the' first we protested against raising the question at all. We saw how full it was of danger, how little likely such a proposal in any form, was to be successful, atid We counselled a reform scheme in the direction of removing •the causes; of complaint against the Connell, and trying the experiment of leaving two representative Houses to find a modus vivendi here, etett as they are able to find One -in every other part‘of the world where such Houses of Legis lation exist. Farther, We counselled a yielding to the overtures of the mem bers in the Assembly who Wete pre pared to accept a Compromise, but no disposition to yield on anything but trifles was. shown, and the Ministry re solved to put its, fate to the toUch and win .or lose it all; Such tactics have the merit of being bold and of showing a belief in the principles laid down, bat they are not the tactics which get round difficulties that cannot be got over, nbf which settle Complicated' questions by leaving their bitterness to die put through disttse. Wc think that there can be no doUbt that the Ministry had the settlement of the reform question in its hands, had it not tried to do too much. It could not have . made a theo retically perfect settlement, as the state" of the ; Assembly forbade . that, . but it could have carried a UieaSnre which would have left the question to die d'OWU, and- which would have left the way clear for the much needed financial and other legislation. Surely, this was something which any Ministry plight _ have been proild •of accomplish ing! ThefC nevßr was any prospect of the Service Ministry:,being “the pillar of a nation’s hope, the" deUtib Of a world’s desire, ’ but it had a very Useful, if hUnibler rdle,. within its scope, and it might have played that part and have cleared away a matter which has settled down on the colony like a sort of “old man of the sea,” from which there is no release by day or night. In all Other respects, the Ministry had the undivided and earnest'support of a : powerful party, and could have carried, its-measures of financial refonn and . the re-adjustment of taxation without the least difficulty. But, what result could be ekpected when supporters like Mr Jones and Mr Murray Smith told the electors whom they asked to. Vote for the measure that they did not quite believe in it .them selves? We differed from Mr Murray Smith, who went bn a very praise worthy ernsade, in this, 1 that ho believed that the Service scheme was the best that, could be carried at the time, and wo held, , no ' matter what its merits might be, that it was a measure which could not be,carried, and especially with such a narrow majority as the Ministry could command. Even if the Ministry had witii a majority of fpUr Of is| much!>B thofmoatlsan- jbfil could not have got committee,>and the consequence would have been a ?Scenia>bt disorder '/such, people of this colony, where disorder is .chronic, would have been- shocked to witness. ~ All .this was wefi Understood" by those ahd ÜbsefiiCd’lolf ■ themselves,- and tiffs is why- so many. _warnings Wete giVett and so many.sug geatipnslUade'for some sort'of'compro mise,* all given and all made in vaift. We .believe’ that 5 the’country has lost seriously by the defeat of the Suffice Ministry; that’ much, good work -.willjbe delayed, and'that btir financial"’-diffi culties will be greatly increased,.but,the fiat has gone forth, and nothing remains but tp piake./the very best of.:the-new situation. We'havethesmaU'Batisfaetibb of being able to say that Wo wefe not deceived; but We :shouldihave much, pre ferred to have beett iff the Wfofag than to have to deal With complications whose development and : ontcome : no one can foresee. » -.-,,, , . Looking at the large minority again.st the Ministry, we- may assunle that Mr Berry will be sent for ibbnet bf later, andithat ’hV' Will;' ’ Once again, have an Opportunity of showing whether' there is any- practical work in him. The Ministry has already been . counselled to. ferign wi.thouti.the. formality of.meeting- Parliament, but we disSettl s’trOngly' from that Course; as it is Ustablisßibg a dangeroUs pre'eedO'Ul; And may lead to setiOUa Complications. The Ministry is; answerable to the Assembly, which practically appoints it. and it ought to learn what the Assembly has to. say, of at least surrender its trust into the hands of its maker, before practically rendering further legislation ftUpossible for,some time. In view of the present emergency Parliament ought to be Mled together with the least possible delay, as it is the guardian of the interests of the country, and should not be.deprived of the opportunity of taking what action it may deem to be "desirable. Assuming that Mr Berry will be sent fbr, it remains to be ■ Considered what is the probable action he will take. If, as Wilkes said to George IH., “ yon know, yonr Majesty, I never was a. Wilkite,” Mr Berry wiU announce that he never was. a Berryite, there is no good reason why .he should not form a Ministry which can do a great deal to clear our difficulties away. ■ Berryism is dead,'and if he tries to revive it he Will only, Come to grief before long, -whereas if "he strikes out a now course-he may, with the assistance of capable , colleagnes, dO’ something towards producing order out of chaos. His duty, if he can but see it, is : to take an absolutely hew de parture. On his acCesaiou to power some time ago he Was forced to take such col leagues as he could get, as the ihore pro minent members of the AsOerilbly re fused to have anything to do with him, and so he fell among—well, reckless men, who, if what is reported can be believed, did many things Which he did not Ap prove, such as the Black Wednesday business, and. other- rash aCts. In the preseUt State of affairs he ought to be able to choose colleagues who will; help him to do the work which the ‘ country requires, and who will at - least inspire some confidence. A return to Berry ism, pure and simple, with his old Colleagues, merely means a return to doUbt and dis trust, to Class Warfare, to the stoppage of .enterprise, and the flight of capital. That such great issues should be placed in hands hitherto so-weak, and so servile to all the dangerous influences of reck less men and fash action, is to be re gretted, but we must accept the situation as it exists and draw what consolation we can from it. If Mr Berry should recall his old colleagues;: as We do not think he Will, the strife will at. once recommence, the. old distrust Will revive, and no one can say what will be the result. But, if he chooses men who can be found to act with him, men who have not left behind thetU the proofs of their rashness and incapacity, men who have reputations to lose -and characters for moderation, he may get together a Ministry which will at least be able to do some useful work, and we do not think that it Will meet With atijr fabtious opposition. . fortune has sent Mr BerTy, as it sent Mr Service, a great oppor tunity. It is within his power to redeem much that ' has been, said- against him in the past,, to do a great good to a fairly - distracted coun try, and to show that he is made of other stuff-than; the mere demagogue, who only seeks to get into power and does not know what to do when he has got there. Berryism is dead in the country beyond a doUbt, and if he tries to raise its ghost to gibber and squeak in the Assembly, he will find that he has made another fatal mistake, and that he has lost an Opportunity of retrieving his reputation And, of serving his country which never will return. The fact milst be acbepted that the colony is fairly divided, and that the only one thing ilpon which.it is agreed is, a liberalising of the Upper House, on a sound and practical basis; This can be dorie; the ddiiblC diCsrtldtibfi 6an even be carried, and if Mr Berry will Content himself with that and leave his fancy schemes alone, he Will at least lay the reform bogy fot a time; We do not say that he Will Cofiteht a Very Considerable section of the cdmnhinity, but lie will do something which will have a sedative effect) and, pfdbabiy, set the reform question at rest for a generation, if not for a longer period. But, to be able to do this, he mast obtain colleagues who will inspire confidence in regard to the general business df the ddldny, and must foreswear his old tricks and live Cleanly fdr the future. Whether he is Capable df this remains to bo seed, but df this he may be SUfe, that if be Will show that he iis prepared .to; do honest and earnest work, he will find no captions opposition, or.any desire to impede him in the carrying out df useful measures. The colony will watch anxiously to l|arn which path he is about to choose; SiUdC dh nis choice depends so much that involves; its interests, its reputation, and its peace. Mr Berry, once more, is the observed of all observers, he is prac tically untrammelled, and if he fails now, as he has failed in the past, he- will 'fail for evermore. 