ANY ILLUMINA TED S'K ? ELTOA. Who among the thirteen young people who infested the Brown family mansion at Newport, Rhode Island, on Christmas, was responsible for the in troduction of practical joking as an al. propriate method of celebrating the season, is not certainly known. By some it is asserted that a young broker from Wall-street was the guilty person, while -others maintain that the first practical joke was played by Miss Mary Brown and her sister, Miss Carrie, and their cousin, Miss Lucy Brown Ket chum. The victim of their jokes was Mr Charles W. Brown, a medical ett dent, who subsequently proved a bold, bad ryoung man. It was decided to frighten the medical student witht a ghout, and, as a preliminary, all agreed to weaken his mind by a prolonged conversation on ghostly sltbjects. In the evening ghost stories were accord ingly told at great length. Nearly 'everyone professed to have seon or heard of a ghost under peculiarly blood curdling circumstances, and even the young broking person recollected a story of great antirquity, which lie re lated as part of his personal experience. Then Miss Mary lBrown reolncnbcred that the room in which the medical student' was to eluep had the reputation of being haunted. Shel said that a ghostly skeleton frequently appeared in it at tihe dead of night, and required the unhappy person whorm it might meet to instantly confess his sins, under some vague but awful penalty. The skeleton was beligyged_ to have been formerly the prqpprtyI of aI wicked priest, who had comtmitted cuicidlo in the room, and it was said to mako an annual appearance on the 2i0th of De comber. By this time the young ladies had talked themeelves into at very ner vous state, but Mr Charles W. llrown did not seem to be in thie least degree alarmed. Ioe said lie had been on inti mate and friendly terms with ghostsa during the greater part of his life, and that hbe liked them very much. In fact, he was anxious to meet the skeleton, and asserted that if he saw it le should ask it to go to Philadell,hia with him, so that he could study its hones at his leisure. At a late hour the thirte-en young people decided to go to bed, an-, after bidding each other good night with much elaboration, they sought their respec:ire rooms. As soon, how ever, as Mr Charles W. Brown had entered his room, the other twelve young people noiselessly assemble'l out side of his door to ascertain the succeis of their jk:e. Mi.ss Mary Brown, her sister, and her cousin had drawn with phosphonri a magnificent and appalling skeleton on the wall of the room, an,d written above the head the legend, "C ,nflss your sins." When the medi cal student, after consuming what was thought to be an unnecessary length of time in preparing for the bed, finally put out his light, the phosphoric ghost shone brilliantly before his eyes, and hb uttered a yell of the most terrible and, to the young people outside of his door, delightful description. Then the wicked young student began, in a loud tone of voice, his confession. He con fessed that on Wednesday night he had kissed Miss Mary Brown in the library, but he urged upon the ghost, as an extraordinary circumstance, the fact that the young lady had virtually re quested him to do so, and that he did not see his way clear to refuse. Then he conft-sed that he had promised to marry Miss Carrie Brown, and that he had broken his promise. Still, he claimed that he would not have been thus faithle had he not seen her in the act of sitting on the young broker's lap, and had she not subsequently ad. mitted that she had promrised to marry that "addle.pated youth," as she accu rately described him. Also, Mr Charles W. Brown, who is nndoubtedly a lineal descendant of Ananias, further confes i.sed that be meant no harm when he kiLse: d Miss Ketchum in the vestibule of the church on Christmas morning, and that he would never do so again. By this time the young people outside of the door had fled. The three young ladies whose names had been mentioned in the medical student's confession wept indignant tears, and protested that the " wretch" knew that he was telling lies; while the other young ladies said they hoped that such was the case, but that 3Ir Brown did seem very earnest and sincere in what he said. The next morning no questions were asked of that depraved young man, and in the course of the day nearly every one of the thirteen young people said they had received letters which would oblige them to go home imrnmediately.--'ew York Tiumes. 