POOB JOHN, A pnarZrOe, velvetlined, drawn by oream. coloured ponies rolled along the beach. In it. sat Mrs. Ralph Strathmore, a young, Sgraceful woman,; with inscrntabloe brown Seyes that looked as if they held some secret that hung like the sword of Damocles over .her. ..She had driven along carelessly, as if ifidifferent where she went, and had taken a Sroad little used. Further on some fishermeon apparently were busy with a boat, which she did not notice nntil the ponies shied at the strange obstruction. One of the men suddenly sprang at the bits and held them with a grasp of iron. He stared at Mrs. Stramthmoro, first with a' curiosity that began in uncertainty, wavered in unbelief, and settled into recognition. As for her, she seemed powerless to move, but gazed in dumb horror with Sdilated eyes at him. She gathered'the reins at last and turned her ponies' heads lihomeo wards. ' She reached the hotel, gave the reins to her groom, and walked quickly to her room. Her husband rose smilingly to meeoot her. "What ails you, Lucille? You look as if you had seen a ghost. Did your ponies run away or whliat has happened?" lhe Sanxiously inquired. "My ponies behaved admirably. I feel tired;d that is all." S"I shall not let you go alone again. I shall only fool safe when you are with me." " And I only feel safe when with you. Ralili, you will never cease to' love me, will you? Never even if you hear anything that would malke you hate me?" she,.asked eagerly. "I will always love you; pet," he said Searnestly, as. he stooped and ]issed hlia. " What made you-magino such an absurd ity·'? "I SI cannot tell'you. If ever I lose your lovea I hlavo niithiiig lso to live for. I wish ~you would tnalklome away from here, Ralph. SI am sickof itanll. The hollow gaiety and society-lif i~that : its no" depth. Let us go :to some' quiet country place where we can hive rbst." s t h " " Rest," she repeated to herself; "would sho ever again knowm rest in this. world?"' : ". Leave this 'ilace : when you wereo so anxious to coinoef Wnrhore you teign queen of socieoty, and li~vo it. for some rural retreat? I am- too proud of you to be Sselfish enoigh to hide your precious self in, seclusion." ' r"Are you proud. f mo, Ralph, of your wife .. Do you never have a regret thalnt you' Smarried me, penniless and frioendloss P " ''Never a regret, never. But, Lucille, Syou Icertainly must be ill. You have lost entirely that elegant repose of manner I so admire in y6u. You tremble and are pallid." ' ' SIt is nothing;. a slight indisposition, that is .all," iand she 'ipassed- her hand wearil across her eyes as if to shut out the I ce of the man by the shore." SNo:, I 'vill not go ilown this evenuing, but remain in my room," she said in answer Sto her husband's inquiry whether she was "ready for supper. 'When he left she sank down in a chair with a stifled moan. It had come ant lIst. The haunting fear that had followed her for years was now confirmed. The ghostly Sdoubt wonld not be buried. Shei had piled miles of distance and years of absence uponl its grave. She thought of her childhood.' ,.Her lifoe seemed mapped out before her. And, ;:'try as she would to forget to-night, a drawing fascination kept tile one idea constantly before liher. In a rude miner's .Ilt she was born. Father and mother she remembered but dimly; they had died when she was a tender child. She would have been homele'ss had not Daniel Simpson and his wife, kindly neighbours, given her a home and a place in their hearts. They were rough, but friendly people, and she rememlubored with a little pang of abasement had made her their idol. The best thleir cabin afforded or any small luxury they could possess was given to pretty Lizzie, as they called liher. Daniel had one son, John, who was always her slave. He would do anything to wiu a smile from her and thought no task too difficult to please her. What then moro natural when they grow older than that they should be married ? Daniel and his wife advised it. John loved her- she could remembier thalnt now, and she was but sixteen. She wondered vaguely if she could have ever Sbeen that little Lizzio who watched for tllhe ::coming of John from his labours-rough. unpolished John. :: ::And yet she ihad longings even then of a higher lifo. The common surroundings I; nnoyed her, and their uncouth actions and coarser langungeo rasped her own ideas of . the fitness of things. S:Jolhn, poor John, was always kind - owearisomely so, but tender of his wife, his . Lizzie. {Oiie day in winter hlie had bade her ":good-by for a few days hlie said. IH must go fifty miles to attend to some business, buit ftheor and mother would care for her .whil e he was gone. Day followed day and snows piled their flaky whiteoneoss over all. Jobhn's fi\ther watched anxiously for his I boy, who came not at the time appointed. Teawo weeks passed and they were told thant John was nmssing. He could not be found; hle had never :r eachod the end of his journey, and he was .::dead1 ;,How he died they knew not, but search p::iroved unaviliog. ?-They pitied tIme poor young wife; so sudden, they said. As for iher, she felt ian irirosistiblo longing to get away. :'Now that John was deacd she felt thnt she pqOduld never live there always with the toil :'andi hardships of her life. '.:: Unktnowni to Daniel and his wife she Smadeo arrangemnOts to leave. ':'TWheou she reached another city she wonderoed suddenly how eshe was to live. But she would Rind work; somne one surely :would employ liher. .While waiting in thie station she espied a man who looked hind shile thought. She asked him if he knew where she " could get work." Mr. Strathmoro's patrician face took on ans aniused exp'ression. But on loolking more attentivoly lhe 'tartoed with undisguiiseo d surpriso . Here was a type of beauty in this wildwood flower he had searched for vainly. She told him not her real story, but said she hail come a long distanco--that the past held no pleasant memories and she wanted to forget it. She married Ralph Strathmore, who took her abroad where teachers and travel added polish and elegance to her uncultivated mind. Her gratitude to him grew to love of the deepest intensity. And the thought suddenly came to her--what if John had not died after all? No one saw his death; might it not bhe possible-but no I habo put the idea away, shldderingly'. Shre was happy in Ralph's love; the pasthad been so dreary, it must not be raised again.: That she had done wrong she knew. She never told her husband, who kindly said if there was anything unpleasant in her ]history not to relate it; hlie loved her and believed her perfect and good. And the face of the fisherman she saw that afternoon was John Simpson, her husbdud. No, she would not call him that.' He, was here. What is.to prevent him froim search for her or rtelling Ralph? "It must not be, it shall not b!" moaned the wretcbhed woman; 'walking excitedly up and down. "I cannot hear'to see Iailph's face grow stern aid' whiteo with the knowledge that I have deceived. him.' The next day shedid not drive ont; she scarcely looked from the window for fear his face would meet her. But still she thought it might'be barely: possible he did not know 'her. That he would pursue his' humble occupation without daring to thrust himself into the presence 'f wealth and' fashion. She walked to the mirror and surroyed herself. .Would he know her ?: She' saw. ther.oi taUllfigur; graceful:and undulating. A glory of golden hatir, stiraight eyelirdws above brown, glowing eyes-eyes that by night 'held a startled look in their:sbmbre deptlrs and a patlhos in their brown shadows. A diesis of satin' rose-tintod, with delicate lace draped over it and paling it with filmy whiteness. " "You look like Venus emerging from theo ocean,'' said her husband, admiringly, '"Your dress: has the rosy hue of the sea shell, the lace drifts over it like the foam' of theiaters.;', 'And your pearls are from the empire of Neptune himrself. How peerlessly beautiful you are I " "I am glad Iam lovely in your eyes." Would she be. if he klnew all? she thought. "Have I improved since youe knew me ? Do I appear the same peorson ?" she inquired anxioisly. S"No,". lhe responded, smiling a iitle at the contrast; "then you were but the ghost of'your now magnificent self. I can sciarcely realise you are the same woman." Ralpil Strathmore was wealthy, refined, and proud. His marrying Lucille was done in a freak of the moment, but one act which hlo never regretted. As she had no friends, so he soliloquised she had no poor, common relations who, claiminig hi.S wife as kin, might have suljected him to unpleasant associations. Be hnad given her the name of Lucille-Lizzie not being suitable for hlar, hlie said. He had no curiosity to inlquire into her past life, t.hiiling it would be only a roeoid of poverty anud hardship which would jar upon hi finer sensibilities. Now, as his wife, she was boautiful, accomplished, and refin6d' What more could hie ask ? .Thiat night after a waltz Mrs. Strathlmore and .her partuer stoppeod to one of the windowns. Looking in outside was tile face of all faces she dreaded to see. Gazing in fixedly, ivlth an expression of joy shining over: his rough features, and staring in a quiet, dazed way as if undecided whether to come nearer or not. It was no wonder she sunk weatly into a chalir, saying the waltz had made her dizzy. She saw one of the waiters in the hotel order him away rudely, adding, "this is nio place for you." This man, rude and poor, had been helr hlusbaud i As days passed on she grew more miserable. Even lier Ihunsband nioticed it -said she looked haggard and ill. She must ride out or resume lher bathing in the ocean.--psrha ps that would brighten her a little. She dreaded the hours, feariung lest Iralph would receive a strango message or she some summonu s from John. One day the quietness and solitude of her room grew intolerable. Possibly under the blue sky, with nature cheerful and restful, she might forget bfor a whilo. She wandered along the beach until she gained a place away from the crowds of piromenaders, where she could sit alone. It was one of thlose days which naturo delights in painting clear and vivid, when the blue of the sky seems brighter and the green unflieeked by a shadow--wlhen every tint is perfect in its combination without any neutral shade to dim. Lucille almost forgot her grief. It seemed lifted and borno over tihe sea by the wind. " I have found you at last, Lizzie. How I have looked for you ! " She turned aud dsaw IJohu Simpson, who had an expression of perfect content and happiness on his face. H:Leo knew her; denial would bie useless. " You lknow me then ? " she asked faintly. "Know you, my little Lizzio ? Of course I know you I But l?hown you are dressed up I Found any rich relations l Ifurnishled tlhe cabin for you. I told fsther .I knew I could find you, and now we will go back to our OWll lome Imi - ." " Stop ! " she cried in sudden anguish. "I cannot-you do niot know - ," she faltered and ceaonsed speaking. " Not go back with me, Lizzie 2 I know I ain't grand like the folks yonilder like I Soeen you with that nIighlt. But I've got a good job, fishing, aild 1 saved a little money and you can have ii all. j3My houne wouldn't seem lileo homo to mo now without; you. I feel as if I ihad been raised from the dead, and won't you go back iand we will begin life over again ? " "No, nover l I will not go bach with you. Only go :nway and leave ime. Go back to your homeo and do not ever think or speak of Inme," she said vehemently. " Go back alone ? And leave my fishing ? " " Do you wish to drive me distracted ? \What do I care for your fishing ? " she exclimned. " \Well, Lizzio, I duinno ; I thought you woul liko to hear howv your humsband is getting . " Hush I only promise to go away and leave me. I never wish to see you again. I hate you ! " "What, Lizzio I Do you hate me ? And I've been loving you all the time and a-thinlking how happy we would be in our house. Say you don't hate me ?" "I do hate you! I I never wish to see you again. Don't tell that .I ever spoke to you 1 " she said hastily. John turned away, looked back once with a despairing look to see perchance if he might be recalled, then walked on slowly. Lucille felt stunned at this sudden meeting. "Poor John! I might have given him one kind word," she thought a little regretfully. "I need not have been so cruel. I know how I should feel if I were to?.lose Ralph. Will I ever have rest, peace, and happiness again ?" Returning, she met her husband. " Come, my dear," he said; " the day is glorious. Do take a bath in the surf. I want your cheeks to lose a little of their pallor." N Not to-day, Lalph. I do not feel equal to battling in the waves to-day. I would rather go back with you," she replied. :' "I think you will feel invigorated after your battle; then you can stay with me." " As you wish it, I will go. Good-by, Ralph," giving him her hand. " Saying good-by before bathing. What an'idea! Certainly you cannot be timid." In the crowd of bathers there arose a shout which startled all who heard. A woman was floating out to sean. Wans there none to save? It reached even the ears of Jolhn Simpson, who threw himself overboard from the fisherman's vessel, and swimming out to the body, brought it to the boat. It was his Lizzie, dead ! " She cannot go back to the old cabin now," moaned John. WVhen they roewed to the shore quickly, kindly hands lifted her and laid her tenderly on the beach. " There comes her husband," said some one, as Ralph Strathmore hurried to the spot and knelt distracted by the beautiful dead body of his wife. He kissed her eyes, whose light had gone out for him for ever, her lips that would never more return his caresses. '"And I urged her to go," he said despairingly. John' looked on with dumb pain in his heairt. This was her husband. This was t~he reason she could not go bacek with him. The only woman he ever loved, his wife, was dead I And he dared not as much as touoch her hand or kiss her garments, and he had brought her from the ocean and thought she was saved. But he would never tell that kneeling man the story of her life, but keeoop it sacred as he would the memory of his Lizzic. The last rays of tho setting sun touched gently the tear - stained face of Ralph Strathmore, pencilled kindly the plainer lineaments of John, lit up the weot gold of the woman's hair, and gleamed bright, over the white set face turned to the skies. She had found rest and peace. 