iiiy'ti'SVpiTtafcii ?????? : ' '? . ?'J;J'm fc— _ i nTTTT^T^T^^ Sir Henry Parkes is a veritable Chancellor. His word is now law ; he consults no colleagues— in fact he ignores them and their opinions with the high hand of a despot. Of his own will he shuts up the Government offices and the Custom-house in the middle of the day on Monday last, and sends to the banks, requesting them to do the same ; but the veriest boy ,?„ tiinsp establishments -will tell you that such acourse would have thrown the whole community into con fusion, and that the banks would have been liable for losses through closing -without sufficient notice. No wonder the suggestion was received -with shouts of laughter. The climax, however, to the proceedings of Sir Henry, in order to do honour to Sir Hercules Robinson, was reached when he wrote to the Mayor of Wagga, suggesting that his Worship should ' get up ' some sort of a demonstration when Sir Hercules passed through that town. This beats making John Danes a C.M.G. ! Mt. Bryce, the Native Minister of New Zealand, is quite equal to the assaults of flattery which beset Ministers in general. A few days ago he was in terviewed by some settlers at Ngaire about a road that wanted metalling ; and one of the deputation declared that there had been an exodus from the district for 12 months, but that the accession of the present Government to office had put a stop to it by restoring confidence. ' Oh ! ' said Mr. Bryce, ' the Government are always willing to receive compli ments, but not to pay for them.' There is not the slightest doubt about it— it is beyond all question. I need hardly say that reference is being made to the unpopularity of a man's mother in-law. What poet has ever started the ' fine frenzy' business on her account? AVhat painter has ever mixed up his creative colours for her ? What auto biographer has even once, in describing his wife, re ferred to 'dear mamma,' — that grim figure standing there in the background ? I know of no such poet — no such painter — no such autobiographer. I know, however, that most men of these trades have mothers in-law ; and therefore my inference is that all ladies with married daughters are pretty nearly alike. Through all the years of all the world, One husband only, I believe, From first to last, by rest was furled : But, ah, he was the spouse of Eve 1 From spring to spring, hie happy life Flowed sweetly on without a jar ; Because you see his passive wife Had not been schooled by 'dear mamma.' The principles of protectionists engender economy It is a rule with them that nought shall be wasted. So I do not feel astonished to hear that the state rail way carriage built specially for the Prince of Wales , in anticipation of his Royal Highness's visit to the Melbourne Exhibition, is to be used for the convey ance of Sir Hercules Robinson. A high compliment truly, but one which cannot be divested of its second hand odour. At Randwick. : Fleecing a Fathek. Dean Macartney has taken exception to certain pictures at the Melbourne Exhibition. They are not sufficiently clothed. With respect to the Dean, he is surely wasting strength upon the dead that might better be bestowed upon the living. There are many figures in Melbourne sadly void of all clothing, of morality and godly life— influences and examples of evil far more noxious than those painted iniquities on the walls. The good Dean is very old. Four score years he has held before the world a blameless life. But he grew old early. His mental and physical growth ceased at the one time. He has told us so in a recent contribution to the Victorian Review. 'Poetry died with Campbell and Moore ; wit, with Sheridan and Hood,' &c.; Probably he would say the art of war perished with Wellington and Napoleon, and the science of Waterloo would have achieved victory at Sedan. Unfortunately for the Dean's theory, side by side with him strives an ecclesiastic who has not grown old — who mounts step by step the rising ladder of knowledge and truth. We can make comparison of their labours if we will. As to the pictures, the Dean's stick has pointed, and a wider congregation than he ever saw before will gather around him to look. Mr. David Buchanan, with a facility which is quite as remarkable as his verbosity, has again succeeded in immersing himself in hot water. In the present instance he has by a few strokes of a pen convinced ?us readers that even the shrine of ' Wisdom ' is not sacred when a David is slinging around. That which was evidently a conversation such as any pair of law yers might indulge in is paraded in public, Because, forsooth, *? rilence was not imposed.' Having jflus acted, Mr. Buchanan says : ' And, having stated uus much, let me now proceed to wash my hands and «jave the dirty subject for ever.' Let it not be a matter for surprise that soap has risen considerably in the local market. Jwulwy! was and ever will be to the front, and humbly I afford this meed of praise : it de th a? *or *' can Pro^uce even greater things inan a l\chborne claimant. Knowing this, who can 'Press surprise at its people's anxiety to honour Sir Hercules Robinson as he passes their doors ? At first wey were anxious to dine, then to lunch, and next— we only alternative— to drink his health on the rail way platform in champagne. But the Commissioner for the line said imperatively in his programme of the journey : Wagga at 5 a.m. How champagne will taste at such an hour I know not. I have tried soda before sunrise, but it was to oblige a friend. At Randwick: Aristocratic. Mr. E. B. Barton, M.L. A., in a speech delivered by him to the electors of Wellington, declared that if re turned he would work for the whole community, and not for any ' hole and corner section.' He is evidently not a mere road- bridge- courthousewatch house-stump-and-tub senator — save the mark — one of those who keep a clerk to pester the Works and Lands offices with communications of the most trivial and often contemptible character, in order that these communications may in due time fill two or three pages of the local journals of the electorate. I regard it as proof positive of crass and contempt ible ignorance when any man expresses surprise at the elevation of David Gaunson to that £800-a-year billet in the Yictorian Assembly. Berry and his thick-and-thin followers would feel more comfortable with a bull-dog at their calves than with Gaunson at their reputations. How much does he know of that Embassy business? How much of the modes by which all the sons, daughters, cousins, uncles, and aunts of the First Lord of the Treasury have been hoisted into billets and bespattered with Government patronage ? How much of the history of the Speaker of the House, from the day he deserted those he sacrificed in that wretched Eureka cimvte until this present time of emolument and pride ? How much of the gallant Major's dark time — the black mail levied on earth-hungry squatters, the needy selectors driven from settlement on Crown lands, by this shining light of liberality and progress ? If Gately knew half as much as Gaunson, the Liberals could not refuse him a Judgeship if he asked it. More than a hundred years ago Junius wrote thus : ' Measures and not men is the common cant of affected moderation ; a base counterfeit language, fabricated by knaves and made current among fools.' Accept ing that statement, we must certainly place the great Victorian majority with the last-named class. Mea sures of liberal import they may expect from their present rulers ; but that they regard them as worthy or representative men is an insult too supreme to offer even to a community of fools. And speaking of Junius — assuredly a Liberal of the Liberals in thought and word and deed— I would make one more quotation, leaving Yictorian patriots to apply its teaching if they will. Junius wrote of the people and Government of Great Britain in the year of grace 1769 thus : — 'The ruin or prosperity of a State depends so much upon the administration of its Government that to be acquainted with the merit of a Ministry we need only observe the condition of the people. If we see them obedient to the laws, pros perous in their industry, united at home and respected abroad, we may reasonably presume that their affairs are conducted by men of experience, ability, and virtue. If, on the contrary, we see an universal spirit of distrust and dissatisfaction, a rapid decay of trade, dissensions in all parts of the empire, and a total loss of respect in the eyes of foreign Powers, we may pronounce without hesitation that the Government of that country is weak, dis tracted, and corrupt.' Might not the ghost of Junius place his hand upon the colony of Victoria and speak the same strong words to-day ? Alas, Victoria ! The voices of all the ages reason with you in vain. Our most worthy ex-Governor has shed the light of his countenance upon us once more. He has beamed beatifically above the champagne at the Town Hall and upon the lawn at Randwick. Roofs and windows have blossomed into bunting, and a general smile of satisfaction has rippled over the face of the community, excepting the bewrinkled faces of some hard-living mariners, who swore strongly that it was sin and shame to be chained to the wharf with good wind blowing to waste because the Customs clerks had been allowed a half-holiday. Moreover, I heard a man who labours in the Gardens with a spade make affidavit that he held himself to be hardly used. ' Them coves,' said the man with the spade, 'who gets a thovsand a year for smoking cigars and stamping envelopes gets a half-day to hooray the Governor ; I busts myself 10 hours for six bob, and I gets no half-day.' I am disposed to think the complaints of the mariners held some ground of reason, and that the man with the spade had the shadow of a case. Also, that the good King Henry IX. was in this as in other matters somewhat to blame. But, if we agree to forget one little episode^pf our history, '.which indeed is long forgotten, who ever heardblame coupled with that Governor's name ? If all could get a holiday the day his ship sets sail — the man with the spade and the man with the quill, the man at the wheel and the man with the pick — I have little doubt all hats would go up together, with ' Three times three for good Sir Hercules.' Murphy, the one-horse hawker, blossomed suddenly into Murphy and Co., general merchants and com mission agents, Quondong, Brigalow River. In all the glory of his new plumage, Murphy stood upon the bank of the Brigalow amidst the population, black and white, as the big South Australian came surging round the bend. All the little boys shouted 'Hooray!'1 Murphy's face flushed with conscious pride. (He had a case of assorted wares on board.) King Billy, dressed in the parson's old frock-coat, looked preternaturally wise. 'Budeery fellow that, Billy,' said Murphy. 'My word,' replied Billy; 'cobone!' And then, after seeing that all were paying dne attention, 'Belonga you that fellow?' Murphy could never understand why - all the blacks grinned at the question, and a ripple of mirth seemed to spread upon the faces of the whites. Billy seemed to think there could be no question of payment when, in the afternoon, he strolled down to Mac's big store and went straight to the counting-house with the request, 'Big fellow brandy, Misser Mac.' There is a belief among some sober-minded people that what a writer in one of the London periodicals styles the 'coming woman' will not prove altogether a desirable companion for man. Women just now are seized with a mania for ' higher education.' A university degree is the point at which female am bition aims, and failing this it will seek relief in journalistic occupation, novel- writing, or kindred employments. Anything rather than acquire the culture necessary to fit them for their mission on earth — to be the useful wife of man and the mistress of his home. I have been up Kempsey way; and the conse quence is, I am an accomplished mineralogist. Every third man you meet there carries about a cartload of stones ; and, to the non-scientific matter-of-fact mind, every third man is a lunatic. One gentleman, with a head like a comet and a voice like an earthquake, insists that a veryf air sample of brokenbrick is ' silver, sir— gen-oo-ine silver.' Another 'party' — a churn shaped man, who is consequently never taken to the watchhouse — alarms his friends by '' humping ' a young mountain about which he vociferates is a 'big diamond.' It may be that; but it is rather rough ; and its resemblance to ballast-stone is very affecting. All this means that the mining mania is in full swing up North ; but, as I cannot borrow the Equator for a pen and the Atlantic for an inkbottle, I must sit down and meditate. Years ago a distinguished astronomer, who has since shifted his observatory to Gladesville, wrote to the then Colonial Secretary a yard or two of letter to the effect that the sun was a ^body about the size of a forty- acre selection, and that the moon was a little smaller than Pinchgut and far less valuable. He put down the distance of the first from, the earth to be about fourteen miles, and he reckoned that a space of eight miles separated us from the second. Of course his communication was gravely read, gravely noted, and then gravely forwarded under blank cover to the Government Astronomer. That gentleman was so deeply touched by the document that he sent for Dr. Manning, who, in his turn, sent for the police. At this stage I left ; but I should like the up-country critic who is picking at Professor Proctor's views of the stellar system to read this ; or 1 ' shift his observatory too. ' At Randwick.; Democratic. I heard a curious wager laid some evenings ago. A betted B two to one in dozens or single bottles of ' the sparkling '* that he, B, could not cast a ball at any crowd in George-street without hitting some one who was about to stand for some constituency at the forthcoming general election. B accepted the odds ; but he never was a fellow remarkable for good sense. In a city which is somewhere in the south, there resides a chemist who is many steps in advance of old Galen. The ancient dealt in possets, blisters, and potions, but his modern prototype flavours the ordinary business by providing turf sweeps, which he terms ' consultations.' By these, individuals who are of a speculative nature may invest a few pounds, and so stand a chance of drawing a ticket bearing a number which represents some horse who can run faster than another. This is set forth in an advertisement which, curiously enough, winds up by a strong recommenda tion to purchase the^vould- be s weepholder's hair vigour ' which restores colour, &c.;' This is suggestive : possibly it is meant that the young men who ' con sult' will require 'the vigour' before a prize falls to their lot, or again that their chan? ? -' ?x return is bald. Explanation is needed. I li.i.ijfore enter tained the idea that sporting men, as a Tule, never said dye. ' For he himself did not say it,' but, nevertheless, when his Excellency Sir Hercules stepped on the Randwick lawn the other day, the band struck up ' Pinafore's' great air, ' He is an Englishman.' Pos sibly 'tis true Westmeath may have shifted. When I saw it last it lay close to the Shannon and adorned the province of Leinster. I suppose it was rather early in the day for the dispensers of sweet sounds to strike up 'He's a jelly good fellow.' Perhaps it's well that they did not. The chorus might have shaken the foundation of the grand stand. Nuggets have become so common at Temora that they are left to be kicked about the street. The residents will not take the trouble of picking them up. The last man who did anything so unfashionable was a stranger and an M.P. to boot ; but by so doing he forfeited all chances of future support. Such is the high condition of Temora with empty dams. What will be the state of its society when washing up setBin? Telegrams from home bring tales of sorrow and breathings of approaching fate. An abundant field of sympathy is opened by that sad catastrophe at Sunderland. Pity is perhaps the only sentiment appealed to by this terrible record of woe. Science has done its utmost in the cause of the British miner, and the laws have fenced V™ about with all the pro tection they have power to impart, yet one selfish, unlawful pull at a tobacco-pipe can burn through all the barriers of protection raised by science and law, cover the earth with mangled corpses, and fill the air with the wailing of widows and orphans. Common sense and decent deportment are two attributes essential to the formation of a respectable and respected guardian of the peace. We can expect neither a profound knowledge of the law nor an un fathomable depth of skill in the art of detection from the man whose intellectual and physical powers are valued at seven shillings a day. But we do expect some little display of those first-mentioned qualities, and we expect and pay for a good deal more than we get. Judge if the annexed narrative does not support that state ment : — A constable promenades in front of the Theatre Royal; a drunken man promenades also. An old woman with oranges stands in the channel of th 1 street, her basket on the kerbstone. The drunken 1 man deals with her ; and, a difficulty arising over the 1 change, the former becomes a nuisance, while the 1 orange woman is meek but persistent. Constable X 1 interposes, ' Be off out of this wid your oranges ! Bad I luck to you, obstructing the public way ; and, you, 1 get in to the play now, you're a nuisance on the public I street.' ' Now was it too much to have expected of that I constable that he should understand how a nuisance I in the street would become an intolerable annoyance I in the theatre? What did the sequel show? In I 10 minutes from the time of that drunkard's admission 1 to the pit there was uproar, and the amusement of a 1 thousand people was delayed wliile this drunken fool 1 went out head foremost as he deserved, venting 1 language that must have sadly shocked the feelings of 1 many respectable women in the stalls and pit. 1 At Randwick: The Last Scene. The first words of the Church of England marriage service are ' dearly beloved,' and the last is *' amazement.' The first syllables uttered by a wife are the tender ' I will ;' but a. leading expression of her subsequent life is — let me say it very delicately — ' / won't.' I have no desire to be cynical ; but what can a man do in the dim light of a frosty morning, when he has no buttons on his shirt and no pin cushion within acres of him ! Life is a mixed thing— so are ladies. Now that the critics are busy over Mr. Swinburne's last volume, I desire to call attention to ' Dolores,'' the most characteristic ballad he has yet written. I ?wish the reader to glance over that poem, so that he maybe able to give sufficient consideration to the following : — A strong, a magnificent morning Sets foot on a crescent of sea ; And flowers of light are adorning The wonderful green of the lea. The stream, like a delicate lustre Of rainbow, is stretched to the bay ; Smith says that a ' southerly buster ' Is coming this way. Tb.2 clouds that are vanishing dapple The faces of hills in the west ; And Skcegs, with a view to the dispel, Has borrowed Fitz-Bobinson's vtst. In the fall of a garden of roses The life of the summer is still ; And that man with the angular nose is A dun with a bill. O day full of grace and of glitter— O marvellous loid of the Kasl ! Why couietU this tailor— this b:tter Cash-fossicking bullying beast ? The torture that was and no mere is, ^ — ^ lieuold to inflict he'd be fuin ! 1 his metre is that of ?' Dolores Our Lady of Pain.' The luBtre is beaming and breaking / On banks that are softer than eilk y And Bloffins as usual is taking 7 - A mouthful of rum in his milk. The birds in the forest-ways flickerj A splendour is crowning the slope a ? My friend with the passion for liquor. Needs water and soap. \ The gold on the waters is glowirg, The forests with glory are girt ; And Smithers is busily sewing A patch on his buttonless shirt. Grand hills in the firmament taper— In spaces of infinite rest — The label affixed by the draper Is still on his vest. Lo, tkis is a morning intended To be as a marvellous charm : Then ?why should my ears be offended By Jones on the theme of his farm? And why all this roaring and rushing Where Woggins— voluminous vat— Is wheezing, and winking, and brushing The grease from his hat. The grandeur august of tradition— The majesty lifting the soul, Is nothing at all to the vision Of Brown with the thoroughbred foal ! The wave, and the lesson it forces, The wind and its voice to the sense, Are lost on a fellow with horses All ' cracks ' at the fence. Here out where the gold on the green is, On slopes that fall off to the sea, I notice that Wilkinson lean is In sight, and approaching to me. My spirit iccoils from the castor The booby wears over his clothes ; His tongue than a shuttle is faster ; He howls through his nose. A dead silence has fallen upon the city ! The morn ing papers are spiritless. We have, in fact, no subject to talk upon, one? that the inevitable weather is dis cussed, and the reason for all this doubtless is — that our colonial Parliament is in recess ! The usually loquacious members of this august body are for the time being silent, and, as a natural consequence, the city is unendurable. How refreshing it used to be, a few months back, to get hold of the newspaper, and read the novel and original views propounded by our members on every topic under the sun. There was a freshness and an oddness about the most of their opinions that was most ' thought producing.' They delivered their opinions at a moment's notice on all subjects and things — from abstract metaphysics to the nicest points of art. Science and political economy were at their finger ends, and the energy of their delivery was only equalled by the originality, not to say rawness, of their notions. How ' practice makes perfect,' that trite old saying applies to the great art of talking — of course I refer to the physical part of that accomplish ment — certainly talk seems to be one of those things which ' grows by what it feeds on.' How often have we seen silent quietly disposed people, who as soon as they enter the ' House ' seem to become ' chartered libertines' and emulate wind bags. Meet them now and let them once start a subject, and their dis course is limitless ; they seem never to tire of talking, and have no regard for the feelings of the button-holed listener. Solon compared the people unto the sea, and the orators and counsellors to the winds, for that the sea would be calm and quiet if the winds did not trouble it. How this applies to our time ! How our sea is tossed and agitated by our winds, and what shipwreck is caused thereby ? Protection, say our wind-bags, will work wonders, and no doubt it has with our southern neighbours. Their trade is driven away — their property depreciated — their energy paralyzed under its baneful influence, and how has the work ing man been made happy, and how has the elysium been brought to him, — things speak for themselves. After some years of protection we find deputation after deputation waiting on the Governments begging for work— a sad end, this! 