Review. ' Tai.es or ode Gbeat Families.' By Edwaed Walfobd, M.A: London. 1880. These talcs, some forty odd, have been gathered from various sources, from records ef old trials,, from contemperary memoirs, and from traditions more or less reliable. Mr. Walford has also drawn a great deal of his material from the works of Sir Bernard Burke, and other learned chroniclers of the rise and fall of ' ancient families' in Great Britain and Ireland. His own gleanings can scarcely be said to have added much to the rich harvest wliich had been reaped by his predeces sors, though the field which he hue chosen is an extensive and seemingly inexhaustible one. At all events* by those wliose 'tastes may have led them to cultivate that kind of literature to which the tales in question belong, they will, for tho most part, be recognised as familiar acquaint To the general reader, however, many of them will no doubt be new. Yet even when twice told, a fascinating story is not the less welcome, and especially when it comes duly crcdentialed as a true one. The tales in the volumes before us may be generally described as good, bad, and indiffer ent ; those which can fairly be classified under the former heading being, it must be confessed, the fewest in number. It may also be stated that whatever attraction they possess is not to any perceptible degree nttributablo to tho skill of the narrator. The ability to toll a story well is ac knowledged t« be one of tho rarest of literary gifts, and assuredly in that respect the gods have not been kind tollr. Walford. In fact he is an exceptionally bad story-teller, tedious, wordy, and positively dull. His style is clumsy and obscure. Sesides, it is open to the more serious objection of beinjj oceasisnally glaringly ungraraniatical, notwithstanding the fact that Mr. WaJford writes himself M.A. uud late scholar of Baliol College, Oxford. Sentences, for instance, like the follow ing can hardly bo accepted as very scholarly : ' With them she frequently passed a few honrs. The rest of her time was entirely devoted to soli tude, :ind she appeared determined to banish all society. The family conshtrd of himself his wife, Verily, whatever may be the other acquire ments of our Muster of Arts, he would not appear to have drunk very deeply from the ' wells of English iindcfiled.' The above charming specimen of his syntax is taken from a ghost story, and an exceedingly good one, Lut wliich Mr. Walford has rendered insipid by his manner of relating it. As it is a story which we have often met with before, the substance may be given us briefly as possible. John, Earl of 'i'ywno, and Lady Beresford, were born in Ireland in tho reign of Charles II. They had both imbibod Deistical principles in early youth. They had uiada a promise to each other that whichever of the two should die first, he or 6ho would return and tell the Burvivor if there was any truth in revealed religion. Lord Lynne died first, and kept his promise by instantly appearing at the bedside of Lady Be resfoid. It whs night and her husband was sleep ing beside her. The ghost declare J that revealed religion was true, and that it affoidad the only means whereby the lady could be saved, warned her of misfortunes which awaited het- and pre dicted that she should die on attaining her 47th year. Lady Beresford tried to persuade herself that Bhe was drenming, and asked her ghostly visitor for a sign to the contrary. He grasped her wrist, leaving a mark which the lady bore while she lived, and whieh she always concealed by weurmg a black band. All tnat had been fore told came to mss. The lady contracted a second marriage ; wa3 ill-used by the profligate to whom she had given her hand, and died on her 47th birthday. Mr. Walford relates a curious incident in the career of that. Duke of Chandos, whose magnifi cence, and lavish expenditure in adorning his mansion of Canous, is the theme of one of Pope's satires. While travelling once in Herefordshire, the Duke's attention, as he approached the Castle Inn in Mnrlborough, was attracted by piercing screams. He instantly alighted from his carriage, and perceived a handsome young woman, little more than a girl, struggling in tho grasp of a powerful fellow, who was cruelly flogging her with a whip. Her face was streaming with blood. A crowd of spectators were commisserating the victim, yet none dared to interfere with the brute who was beating her and who, it appeared, was her husband aiid the ostler of the inn. In answer to the Duke's indignant remonstrance, the ostler replied that the woman was his own, and that he could do what he liked with her in the way of ad ministering correction, but if his Grace felt inte rested in her, ho might have her for j£20. The offer was accepted. The Duke, wo are told, acted like a man of honour ! He had the young woman educated by the best masters, and subsequently, on the death of his second Duchess, mode her his wife. 2vTor does it seem that ho ever had cause to repent of his bargain, for in his will he says, ' I owe tho greatest comfort I have enjoyed in this life to my Duchess Lydia Catherine.' This story may, to souie extent, be apocryphal, but it is eer toin that tho origin of the third Duchess of Chan dos was very obscure. ' The Duke of Chandos's marriage,' writes a correspondent of Dean Swift, ' has made a greet uoiee, and the poor Duchess is often reproached with her being brought up in liurr-street, Wapping.' With most of us in this generation the Yale of Llangollon is associated with the ballad of Jenny Jones, but the heroine of the popular ditty is not the only mnid who has rendered Llangollen famous. ' The ladies of Llangollen,' as they were Btyled, attracted a considerable amount of curiosity in the hitter part of the preceding, and first quarter of the present century. They were of aristocratic birth ; Lady Eleanor Butler belonging of the noble house of Orinond, and her com panion, the Hon. Miss Pon6onby, being lhe daughter of a gentleman of large fortune in the county Westmeath. Lady Eleanor was tall and dark. Miss Ponsonby a fair and gentle blonde. At Bath, in 1770, they formed a romantic attachment for each other, ana, thougk sought by several distinguished suitors, they agreed to quit the world of fashion, and live and love together iu some secluded spot. Accordingly, accompanied by a faithful servant, they fled into I Wales, purchased a cottage in the Val« of Llan gollen, and resided there till their deaths, some fifty years later. The remonstrances of their friends could never induce them to quit this retreat. They were much beloved by the neigh bouring peasantry for their charitable disposi tions. But though self-banished from sooicty, the ladies of Llangollen took a lively interest in itB proceedings. When Sir Walter Scott visited them in 1825, he found their ' tables covered with newspapers from every corner of the kingdom, and they seemed to have the deaths and marriages of the antipodee at their finger ends. Lady Eleanor died in 1829, aged 00, and Miss Poneonby in 1831, aged 73.' At Eostwell, in Kent, there is, it seems, {a tra dition respecting a certain Richard Plantagenet, who is said to have been a son of Biohard III. The name of this person is found in the parish register and the date of his death and burial recorded. He followed the humble calling of a bricklayer. The tradition says, that a gen tleman who had employed this bricklayer once surprised him reading a Latin book, and ques tioned him as to how he had come by such unu Eual learning. The bricklayer replied, that as b e (the gentleman) had been a good master to him, lie would make known a secret which he had never revealed to any human being before. He had been brought up, he said, till his fifteenth year by a Latin schoolmaster, but in entire igno rance of bis parentage. A gentleman need to visit him once a quarter to see that re was sup plied with everything neceBBary, and to pay for his schooling. This gentleman ho was given to understand was not a relative. One day he was token to a great house, and in a sumptuous apart ment was introduced to a person richly dressed, and who wore a star on his breast He spoke kindly to the boy and gave him money. The latter was then conducted back to school. Some time elapsed, when the individual who had accompanied him to the great house again appeared and took the youth on a journey into Leicestershire. They halted at Bosworth Field, on which King Richard III.'s army was encamped. The boy was led to the King' s tent. Richard embraced him ten derly and acknowledged hi™ for his son : — ' But, to-morrow,' said the monarch, ' I must fight for my crown. If I win the day I will own yon publicly; should I be so unfortunate as to lose the battle, than you must shift as well as you oan, and take oare to let nobody know that I am your father, for you may be sure that no mercy will ba shown to anyone bo nearly related to me.' Then the King gave him a purse of gold and dismissed him. The youth followed the King's di reatdons, and when he saw that (the battle was lost, and the King killed, he hasted away to Lob don, sold his horse and fine clothes, and the better to conceal himself from all suspicion of being the son of the King, and yet that ha might have the means to live by his honest labour, he put himself out as apprentice to s bricklayer.' If this Eickard Flantagenet was really a ion of Richard III., he was not a whit more unfortunate than some other scions ef the same royal line, for, ' in 1637, the great grandson of Margaret Flanta genet, daughter and heiress ef George Duke of Clarence, was found exercising the cobbler's craft at Newport, in Shropshire.' The dauntlesB courage of that splendid seaman, the late Earl Cundonald, would appear to have been derived as much from the women as from tho men of his race. One ef his ancestors. Sir John Coohrane, was arrested and sentenced to death for having taken arms with the luckless Argyll, against James IL Sir John lay in the Tolbroth, Edinburgh, calmly awaiting the arrival from London of the warrant for his execution. But the messenger who was carrying it was robbed an the Tweeduiouth Moor, andm consequence the exocu tion was delayed for fourteen days, as in those times the Scottish mail was only despatched once a fortnight from the Eaglish capital. A fresh warrant was forwarded, but again the bearer was stopped in the same place, and the bag contain ing the fatal paper token from him. Sir John's friends, meanwhile, had interceded so powerfully for him, that James granted his parden, and he was released from prison. ' Not manyjiays after this return home, Sir John was told that a stranger wished to see him. Hastening to the library, into which tho visitor had been shown, he perceived a tall, Blenderyouth standing near the window. It was dusk, and the stranger had his beaver drawn down over his brows. Slowly advancing he banded Sir John a packet of papers. The latter glanced for a mo ment at their contents and then grew deadly pale. ' These are my death warrants,' he said. 'And I the robber,' sobbed the youth. Tho beaver fell back and dislosed the lovely face and raven tresses of Grisel Cochranc. 'My own child, my Grisel !' faltered Sir John, and father and daughter wopt on each other's shoulders.' From the samples wo have given, our readers will be able to judge of the quality of Mr. Wal ford' s book. Apart from the faults that we have pointed out, the general characteristics of the tales which he has collected may be summed up in that well worn quotation which reminds us that ' truth is stranger than fiction.' 