The lion, the Colonial Secretary has been. " on the rampage." Yesterday we were able to quote tho language of the hon. the Treasurer as to the work Ministers would have to do in the coming Session, but we had then no insight into tho modus operandi. Regarding the " revision of expenditure," Mr. Gibhn said it would be premature for him to attempt to state what the result would be, but ho was quite sure that the gentlemen associated with him would apply themselves to the work with zeal and thoroughly endeavour to reduce the expendi ture. Curiosity was here forbidden. We were told to wait, and see what we should see. But tho Colonial Secretary has had compassion on our state of perplexity, and has given us a specimen of the sort of revision of expenditure that finds favour with him, and we may be assured also with his colleagues. Truly did Mr. Giblix say they would " apply themselves to the work with zeal." It would be well, however, did they temper their zeal with discretion, a quality that seems to have been lamentably absent in the Colonial Secretary, when, on Christmas Eve, he wrote the Secretary of the Ragged Schools, inti mating that it had come to his august know ledge that "in several instances children have boon sent to the Ragged Schools whose parents are perfectly well able to pay the ordinary school fees." The Colonial Secretary is quite right in his conclusions that such a' practice " tends to injuriously affect the interests not only of the Public Scliools, but of tho Ragged Schools them selves." But before lecturing the committee it appears to us the Colonial Secretary would have acted more judiciously had ho been more careful regarding his premises. That his knowledge was not reliable ; that he was probably ear- wigged by the master of some public school who fancied his vested interests interfered with to tho tune, it may bo, of from a penny to sixpence a week, is pretty cortain from the fact that the Minister, after his sweeping Condemnation of a Bystem, asks to be favoured with returns that he inny justify a position he had already taken up. We readily admit the urgent necessity there is in strictly enquiring into an expenditure which is pauperising people, who, if they had a spark of proper pride, would spurn such aid. We admit, too, the necessity of using other means where people's own sense of right is so blunted as to dispute with the aged and the needy their miserable dole. But two things must strike the reader of the Colonial Secre tary's letter to the Secretary of the Ragged School Association. Considering that the object of our educational system is to compel every child to attend school, is it a prudent policy to enquire too curiously into the financial circum stances of the parents of every child attending a free school ; and assuming that it is, is it not infra dig. in a Minister of the Crown to person ally interfere 1 By so doing he brings his office and himself to the low level of enquiring and deciding whether this man or that man is in receipt of sufficient wages to afford his family bread, to clothe them, and to also pay for their education so that the interests of some public schoolmaster may not be " injuriously affected." If the letter to the Secretary of the Ragged School Association is a fair sample of the re vision of expenditure which Ministers promise us, their labours' will assume such an intermed dling, cheeseparing aspect as to bring into ridicule even reasonable items of retrenchment. \- Wo do not intend to enter on tho question which has been raised, and which would sweep away the Ragged Schools because of their alleged invidious and pauperising tendency. The Colonial Secretary does not take' up that extreme position. He recognises the value of the Ragged Schools, hut runs tilt against imaginary abuses. He is troubled with no com punctions as to the ability of certain parents. It is often, where wages and circumstances are apparently very much the same, a difficult point to apply a definite rule, to each case, without, perhaps punishing a ohild for the unthriftiness of a parent. Many delicate considerations have to be weighed. But with these the Colonial Secretary seeks not to interfere. It is enough for him that it has come to his knowledge that there are children attend ing the Ragged Schools "whose parents are perfectly" iv611 able to' pay the ordinary fees charged at the Bchools under the Board of Edu cation." There is no misapprehending the meaning of tho Colonial Secretary, "Per fectly well able to pay." Now that he has read the admirable and exhaustive letter of the Head Teacher of the Cascades Ragged School, does he still retain the same decided opinion I The Secretary to the Ragged School Asso ciation has been too courteous, conceded too much. The letter of Miss Mitchell has to a certain extent had a strained meaning attached to it. She speaks from a personal ex- .periehco of scholars and parents that shows how deeply her 'heart is'ln her work, and as the result of that experience, she demonstrates that while the tidy appearance of some of the children might appear to give some ground for the remark contained in the letter of the Colonial Secre tary, the information given to the Minister, and on which he has acted, is not correct. That it may not be said that her convictions are to bo pitted against the statement of the Colonial Secretary's informant, she offers to spend a week, with any officer Government may appoint, and; visit .with him tho houses of all the children. ; Miss Mitchell is evidently the sort of person whom the founder of Ragged Schools would have valued as inestimable. Her letter is modest. She claims no merit for herself. Yet it is impossible to read what she says without being convinced that the school over which she presides is an agency of' moral and social reformation. That being so, it must not be hindered by the misconceptions of some busybody who has succeeded in impressing his views on the Government, or at any rate on the Colonial Secretary. She speaks decisively of - the inability of the parents to pay for tho education of their children ; but — and here is where we think the Secretary of t|e Association has conceded too much — makes an exception of two or three eases, not, as we understand it, that she believes the parents " perfectly well able to pay," but that she cannot speak with the same certainty as in the case of all the other parents. It is further impossible to read the letter of the Head Teacher of tho Cascades School without feel ing convinced that a great work is being there effected ; without regretting that the Colonial Secretary should have been so easily persuaded to write a letter that should never have been written, or, if written, not by him, or any other Minister of tho Crown. If. enquiry was neces sary, it should have been tho work of a subordinate. The Colonial Secretary has now received the returns he asked for, We shall be curious to know what use he will make of them. Clearly, if there is to be such a revision of expenditure as will affect the subsidy to these schools, it must bo because tidiness, cleanliness, good order, and general docorum, are regarded by Ministers as inappropriate in tho position of the children of the very poor. In thisrespect the Cascades School would appear to bo the chief offender. At the late Christmas examination, as we find from the report of the proceedings published in The Mercury of the 24th ult., those interested in the school were reckless enough to give-even the schoolroom an attractive appearance, forgetful of the impro priety of giving " gutter children" any taste for neatness ; of indulging in them desires for other comforts than the luxury of making " mud-pics. " Of the Cascades School we read b " The school buildings presented a very gay appear ance, having been -most tastefully decorated with flowers and foliage. There were about two huudred children in attendance, nnd there was Buoh a very large majority of them who were bright, intelligent, happy, and well clad, that it was difficult to realise that they were pupils of a ragged school. There is, however, the gratifying reflection that in many cases the children were reallr those for whose ooneninl hanaftf the ragged school was instituted, and that the example and kindly influence of the teachers, had caused the mothers of the little ones to show their appreciation by decking them with the best clothes tbey could possibly obtain." Tho whole object and purpose of the Schools are here stated, and with results so gratifying that, oven had two or three parents availed themselves of tho opportunity afforded instead of seeking the public schools, the State might have been: thankful that so much good was being done at so little expense. But unfortunately the Rev. Mr. Webster, in expressing his satisfaction at, .what ho had seen and heard, expressed liim- 'self so warmly regarding the look and style of the school, that ho must have raised doubts in some minds whether the children of the poor, if not kept in dirt and ignc r.mce, might not press too closely on the heels of their better to do neighbours We read : — "Mr. Webster expressed the great satisfaction which the visitors lud experienced at the result of the year's work. For his own part lie had to confess that he found it difficult to realise that he (was present nt the examination of a ragged school at all, everything was so excellent. The very look and style of the whole school, the pretty decorations, the clean, lively, and happy appearance of the children, all being cal culated to give one the impression that it was a school of rather a superior kind. He was convinced that the education imparted there was of such an excellent character that it must prove a great boon to the whole neighbourhood, and the teachers deserved much credit for their work." But, says the Colonial Secretary, this must not be, if by means of thesd schools the children of two or three families able to pay, in whole or in part, school fees, receive gratis so excellent a training. A passage in the report of tho proceedings at the examination of another school would, perhaps, better meet the ideal which the Colonial Secretary and his in formants would have us realise. We are told : — " There were about 120 children in attendance, the majority of whom were intelligent, cheerful, and attired in their holiday clothes." This is very bad. What right had such children to holiday clothes!'" True,'" Miss - Mitchell explains how this phenomenon was brought about ; how, in a j word, the school rather than the parents made the children presentable. But there is comfort for those who would repress tho extravagance of cleanliness and tidiness, for tho report re garding this other school goe3 on to say : — "There were many, however, for whose benefit the school was specially designed, whose garments and general appearance bo- tokened that they required a little more attention." The correspondence published in another column will be read with interest. The Colonial Si:orf.tai:y is entitled to our thanks for having written tho letter he addressed to the Secretary of the Ragged School Association, since it has evoked the admirable letter of Miss Mitchell, than which we can scarcely imagine a more eloquent appeal on behalf of Ragged Schools, or more satisfactory accounts of the fruit3 of their working. The Smrs of War. — It is probable that H.M.S. Wolverene, " at' present staying at this port, will leave here on the 23rd inst. for Melbourne, for the purpose of conveying tho Marchioness of Normanby to this city, where she will remain daring the summer months. H.M.S. Danae was to leave Sydney yesterday for Hobart Town, and maybe expected here next week. H.M.S. Emerald is likely to arrive at this port during the next fort night from Fiji, where she has been cruising. The schooners Renard and Beagle will he hero at the end of the month, from Sydney. Nothing further has been heard of the proposed visit of the foreign war ships llhin and Bismarck. Should the several men-o'-war bo here at the regatta time, they will make the day much more attractive. On last Mon day morning the sailora of tho Wolverene wore exercised in sail drill, the sailB being hoisted and furled. Yesterday five of the boats, consisting of the launch, two cutters, aud two whalers, were engaged in sailing exercise for the sailors. New Telegraph Office. — A memorandum was received at the Telegraph Office yesterday, stating that a telegragh office had been opened at Morang, Victoria. Mineral Exports. — During the month of De cember, the quantity anil value of tin and gold exported from the port of Launceston were a9 follows : — Tin, 434 i tons, valued at £3S,3S2 ; gold, 4,393oz., valued at £17,313 ; the total value being £55.697. There were no minerals exported from Hobart Town during December. Exhibition Commission. — A meeting of the Sydney Exhibition Commission was held in tho Secretary's, office yesterday afternoon. Present : Mr. Perkins (in the chair), Messrs. Oreen, Burgess, Dowdell, and McGregor. The minutes of tho last meeting were read and con fumed. The auditor's queries ou Mr. D'Avigdor's accounts were read. On the motion of Mr. Burgess, the appointment of Mr. Mossinan in connection with the Tasmanian Court, at £3 a week, was approved. Another query was ordered to be sent to Mr. D'Avigdor for reply. Messrs. Oinant and Burro wes' applications to be allowed to remove their furs were read, and the Secretary was instructed to call their attention to the care which i3 beiug takeD of them at the Exhibi tion. Mr. Jennings' letter acknowledging Fcceipt of £100 was read. The Secretary placed on tho table The Mercury containing Dr. Agnow's letter to Sir James Wilson, giving the doctor's views of the Btate of the Tasmanian Court; hut the Commissioners con sidered it a private letter, and declined to take any action on it. The secretary to tho Launceston Mechanics' Institution wrote about the insurance on Mr. Dowling's picture, and it was resolved that he be informed that tho fire insurance covers all danger till the 4th September, 1SS0. The Secretary laid on the table a oopy of the official catalogue published in Sydney and printed at tho Government Printing Office there, and called attention to many- errors and omissions in it. The Commission ad journed to a day when Dr. Agnew can be personally present. _ Trinity- Church.— A meeting of the congrega tion of Holy Trinity parish, was held in tho vestry of Trinity Church last evening, when the Rev. Canon Davenport presided. Mr. Henry Chapman was appointed minister's churchwarden, in place of Mr. Lovctt, who declined to be re- elected, owing to beiqg fully employed svith other duties ; and: Messrs. William Lovett (in succession to Mr. Chap man) and Charles Graham were appointed tbp people's . wardens for tho oosuing year. A statement of ac- counts was presonted, showing that the revenue had exceeded the expenditure, anil enabled an over draft at the bank to be reduced from £S3 13s, 4d. to £43 S3, "d. A vote of thanks having been ac corded the retiring churchwardens, Mesrrs. William Lovett and Henry Chapman were re-appointed re presentatives to the Synod. That eoneludod the business of the meeting. Husso-Turkish War. — We have received from the local ajenta, Messrs. James Waloh and Sons, part 24 and last of C.issell's Illustrated History of the Russo-Turkish War. There is furnished a full aud exhaustive general index, title page, table of con tents, and list of illustrations, completing a valuable aud admirably got up work, sure to tako its place as a standard authority on the subject on which it treats. City Police Court.— At the Police Court yes terday morning the Police Magistrate and Mr. J. T. Robertson presided. Two drunkards were fined 5s., or in default of payment seven days' imprison ment. William Pearson, a resident of Argyle- street, was charged with creating a disturbance on the previous day in the public street. The Bench gave him the benefit of a doubt that existed as to the gravity of the offence, and dismissed him with a caution. A brother and a sister, named Hill, for a brutal assault upon a widow lady named Bratt, a resident of Elizabeth-street, were each fined 40s., or in default of payment one mouth's imprison ment, and further to find a surety in the sum of £0 to keep the peace for six months, aud to be them selves bound over in the same sum. Catherine Savago was sentenced to three months' imprison ment for stealing two sovereigns from the person of Charles Endell, a stoker on board H.M.S. Wolverene, . Thomas Donovan, svho had been arrested on warrant, charged with assaulting the police, and who intimated his intention of pleading not guilty to the charge, was remanded till Friday, to allow the police to complete the ease against him. Charles CJarlt,. a lad "recently employed, by Mr, James Swan, bakor, of New Town, was sentenced to tlireo months' imprisonment, for stealiug certain sums of mocoy, the property of his master. Ann Smith was sent to gaol for three months as a vagrant ; and Patrick Farrell, a pass-holder of the New Town Institution, who had beon arrested on a similar charge, was ordered to be sorit baok to his home. No order was made on an information issued under the Charitable Institutions Act against Jblm Carter, for not contributing' towards the support of his wife iu the Beuovelent Institu- tion, as Carter produced a medical oertificate to the effect that he was unable to work. Transfer of Hospital Patients. — The enquiry into the circumstances attending the deaths of tho two men at tho Brickfields Invalid Depot, referred to iu Dr. E. S. Hall's Health Beport of November, last, was resumed yesterday afternoon, and con cluded before the Visiting Committee of the General Hospital. Tho evidence is reported in another portion of '.this issue at soma length, and tho com mittee will report upon it .at tho meeting of the Hospital Board on Friday next. Tiie c.yse of Droyvniso Tho inquest com menced hv. Mr. H. SI. Hull. Coroner, .ifc flin "Rii.,1. in-Hand Hotel, on Saturday last, relative to the .circumstances connected with the death of Joseph llopenslieaf Bridge, an inmate of the Boys' Home, was resumed yesterday. The only additional evi dence adduced was that of Jas. MoMurchie, who deposed that ou the 1st inst. he was in the vicinity of Pipeclay Bay, and learning that a boy was drowning lie proceeded to tho bay. Having divested himself of his clothes, and been told the direction in which he might find the body, lie waded into the avater, hut finding it becoming too deep he swam to the spot indicated. The body 1 was floating in the water, but nob at the surfaeo. He secured the body by catching, hold of it, anil having swain a few yards he: came abreast of another man standing in the water, who assisted him to take the body ashore. There was not the slightest indication of life then. When go-ng for the body witness was asked to catch hold of a ropo, hut did not do so, as ho considered it unnecessary. There was no hole where tho body was recovered, but tho river was over his depth at that spot. The jury returned a vordiot that deceased was acci dentally drowned, and added a rider to the effect that the jury thought Sir. Reiley ought to have made some personal efforts to save the deoeased, The Fire at the Crockery Mart.— Mr. W. Tarleton, Coroner, commenced an inquest at the Builders' Arms, Bathurst-street, at half-past 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, relative to the circum stances connected, with the fire which took placo at Mr. Taylor's crockery mart, in Elizabeth-street, last Sunday morning. A jury of seven was empannellcd, and Mr. Hiddle3tono was chosen foreman. Mr. Roberts attended to watch tho proceedings on be half of the Liverpool and London anil Derwent and Tamar Insurance Companies, and Mr. Lucas at tended on behalf of Mr. Taylor. The following witnesses were examined : — Constable Burt, Sear- gennt Dore, James Davidson, Edward Mailer, and Superintendent Pedder. At five minutes past G 0'cfcj.ek tho inquest was adjourned until 2 o'clock p.m. on Tuesday next. Tho Coroner requested that the publication of the evidence should be withheld until it is complete, aud the jury were directed to refrain from conversing with anyone relative to tho fire. ' ; Local Facetiousness.— The following incident has been sent to us as having actually taken place yesterday afternoon in Campbell-street. The dramatic - form will indicate the source it springs from. "Two larrikins are discovered leaning against a fence. Enter two members of the Hollo- way Dramatic Company. First larrikin:— ' Holloa, Bill, see thorn two blokes ; them's playactors. Here, I say you (naughty word.)' ' Second larrikin — ' Shut up, 'Arry, you don't kuow but you might come to that yourself some day.' Exit two members of dramatio profession quietly and smiling." 'Theatre Royal. — The realistic drama, Sea of Ic, was gis-cn for the last time at the Theatre Royal last night, to a good attendance and svith renewed success. A nautical friend lias pointed out some strange inconsistencies in the arrangement of the good ship Urania, whose unlucky voyage pro vides the plot of the early part of the play. Surely the same did not greet the eye of the Commodore and his friend in tho other nautical drama. This evening, the Irish drama, Collein Bairn, will be pro duced, the performance concluding with the farce, 7Vo Gentlemen in a Fix. On Friday, the Vice- Regal command night, Our Boys will be repeated by request, the caste being, by all accounts, the same as last week. On the same evening, one of Charlei Mathews' favourite comedies, Woodcock's Little Game, will also lie included ill the programme. Professor Puffer. — The success of the first of the new .Series of Science Festivals, inaugurated l»y the great English scientist, Professor Pepper, at the Town Hall, itidnc'.d the management to repeat it last evening, and their decision was justified by the assembling of a good audience to listen to the lecture. The subject was, as on the previous evening, "Light, "and the samo interest was created by the admirable manner in which it was treated by Professor Pepper. The concluding portion of the programmo svas the screamiog Ghost Faroe The Artist's Ghostly Dream. This evening the second lecture of the series will be given. Hobart Town Regatta. — A correspondent writes: — "The Hobart Town Regatta Committee have published their programme, and I notice with regret that they only offer £3 for the all-comers' skiff race. I think it is a great pity that they of fered such a small prize for this race. For some years we have had no good scullers, and why ? Be cause there is no inducement to bring them out. If the committee gave a good prize it would bring men from the Huon, New Norfolk, and even Launces ton ; but men will not train and come from a dis tance for a paltry £3 Unless the prize is increased I believe the race will fall through. It would be worth while to do so if only to bring Lloyd and Clarke together again, for I believe Lloyd would beat the giant on this water. I hope next year the rowing men will bestir themselves and not let the yaolit club have it all their own way." The Monarch Trip. — The steamer Monnrch made one of her very pleasant excursion trips to and from New Norfolk yesterday. She left the wharf at 9 o'clock, comfortably tilled with pas sengers, among whom were the Sydney University cricketers. On arrival ntNewNorfolk the cricketers and several other persons vhlted the Salmon Ponds, over whioh tliey were all courteously shown by the persons in charge. A large number of fish ivcre seen in tlie ponds, as well as in tbe breeding place. Tho steamer returned to town at 645 p.m., an enjoyable day being spent by all on board. Railway Refreshment Bars.— A proposal to open a refreshment bar at the Ross station of the Main Line Railway was brought under the notice of tho City Bench yesterday ny Mr. D. H. Crisp, solicitor, who stated that he undarstood that an application for a license had been made by Mr. J. Clay, and that he had been instructed to oppose it. Mr. Tarleton said that the application was not yet before him and so ho could give no opinion in the matter, but he would hear the learned counsel when lie had received it in proper form. Mr. Crisp sug gested that the two justices in Petty Sessions would have no power to grant such an application at all, as by section 3 of the 35 Viet., No. 14, which governed the ease, the power was vested in the Licensing Bench. Mr. Tarleton said he would leave tliO: whole question to bo dealt with at once, and the matter dropped. The Australian Mutual Provident Sooiety. — The resident secretary notifies by advertisement in another column that members desirous of Toting on the question of the proposed alterations in tho by-laws of tho society may obtain proxy papers on application at the branch office, Stone Buildings, The particulars of the proposed alterations appeared in it long advertisement in our Issuo of the 0th inst. Death of Mrs. Dariiell. — Many of our readers : will regret to hear that Mrs. George Darrell, svho has been so long known in connection with the! Australian stage, died in Melbourne 011 Saturday, at the age of 4G, after having suffered greatly for several years. She was the daughter of Mr. James Catheart,' an excellent actor of the old school, and made her first appearance on the stage when only five years old. At the age of 13 she played Juliet with considerable success. After a most saticfac- tory, provincial career, she appeared at Drury-lane, Lendon, with the late G. Y. Brooke, and in the .eqrly partof S5n she came out with him to these oolonies, making her first appearance in Melbourne as Desdemona at the old Queen's Theatre in April of that year. Subsequently she married Mr, Robert Heir, and with him visited all the colonies, throughout which Bhe was greatly admired and respected. After Mr. Heir's death, she married Mr. George Darrell. -She had five children by her first marriage, all of whom died, but none by her second. The funeral on Monday was largely attended. The Fate of Cattain Cadell —By the last mail from the East Mr. S. Toinkinson, of Adelaide, received a letter from Major-General Cadell, C.B., of Madras, thanking him for having moved the Government to make enquiries respecting the fate of his brother, Captain F. Cadell, who has so long been unheard of, and stating that lie had applied to the authorities at Singapore and the Dutch Govern ment to the same effect. The London Tims, of November 7th, publishes the following 1—" Infor mation has been received at Lloyd's that Mr. F. Cadell, an Australian trader, while on a voyage from Ambon to the Koi Islanda in his schooner, The Gem, fitted with auxiliary steam power, was murdered by the crow, who afterwards sank the vessel. One of the boats, with a portion of the crew, has arrived at Amboyua. The remainder of them shaped their course for the Kei Islands," The Canadian Rowing Champion. — The Non- York correspondent of tho Argus says : — I per ceive that you are likely to have a visit from Hnnlan, tbe Canadian sculler. A purse is raising now to pay his expenses for a contest with your Mr. Trickett. 1 wish I could say that you may rely on his rowing a fair race, but he bears au un commonly ugly reputation here, which has not been helped greatly by his receut appearance with Courtney, who is supposed to ho the only man standing any ohaqco to defeat him. On the eve of theraoe appointed in October, Courtney's bont- bonse was entered, and his boat was sawn in two. It was too late to gpt another, and after a bitter dispute Hanlan rowed over the course against time, making a very remarkable record. It is necessarily impossible to say to whom tho shameful accurenoe was due. AVfts it to Hanlaii's friends, who were afraid of Courtney, or to Courtney's baqkers, who were afraid of ItaulanS These questions are answered aceording to the manner in which he svho tries to answer them happens to have made his bets, Both men are evidently in tho hand3 of a lot of . unscrupulous gamblers, and though each of them is capable of very great feats, an honest race could not be confidently expected from either. Boating, like walking, has dropped a grade lower thau horse- racing in tbe Bcale of so-called sports. The Liability- of Goy-ernors to be Sued.— The London correspondent of the >9. A Register says :— It wos not entirely for pleasure that Sir Anthony Musgraye has come home. . He is an appellant to tho Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in a peculiar action brought against him as Governor of ; Jamaica, That islaud has from the time of ; Governor- Eyre been more or less under martial law. There are a groat many otherwise innocent things forbidden in it. The Governor has power by proclamation to prohibit the import or export of -arms and ammunition. Two vears non tho ahin Florence, from Colon, bound for St. Thomas, put into Kingston for repairs. It was discovered that she had arms and warlike stores 011 board, and iacting under his proclamation then in force the Governor detained her about a month. Action was raised by the charterer, Senor Pirlido, for £14,000 damages. Sir Anthony pleaded tliattheaote in ques tion were nets of State performed iu rightful exoroisc of his authority. The plaiutiff entered a demurrerthat the Governor of a colony was ouly partially in vested with the authority of a sovereign for special purposes, and that as an officer of Government lie was liable to be sued. Chief Justice Sir J. L. Smith and his ' colleague, Mr. Justice Ker, upheld tho demurrer. They decided that a colonial Governor had ouly the functions relegated to him by the terms his commission, and was simply au officer of the Crown with limited authority. It was not admitted either that the acts in question were acts of State, Sir Anthony appealed from this judg ment of tho local Court on the demurrers, and after two days' argument, the Attoruey-Genoral appear ing for Sir Anthouy, judgment lias been reserved. Lord Mayor's Day-. — London has welcomed the comiug and sped tho parting Mayor. Tho coming Mayors have often to cudgel their brains for novel ties with whioh to graoe their show, hut Sir Francis Truscott was spared , all that trouble by his pre decessor. Sir Wetliam, as ho is called after tho French, has been the most unpopular oocupant of tho civic chair in inoderu memory. Ho is tho first instance of a Dick Whittiugton being positi\\-cly hooted within Temple Bar. His unpopularity lias been growing and deepening from au early period. SnabbintJsa at the Mansion House was tho beginning of it. This brought liiin into friction with the' alder men, yvIio hail not been accustomed to ecorio'mio dining. Tliey spread his evil famo through the Yvards, and it became so bad that tho public sub. scriplions undertaken at the Mausion House became small by degrees and not beautifully less. Two months ago Yvhen Sir IVethain set his hand to a subscription for tho sufferers by the Zulu Yvar so little came in that tho money was returned. A private committee then took up tho scheme and money flowed in liberally. Remedy for Consumption.— Tho Leader says:— A new remedy for consumption has been announced in # Vienna. Dr. ICroezalc, of Innsbruck, tho assistant of Professor Prokop, of Rokitanski, lias employed it w-itli remarkable success, and he re gards it as a specific. It is tho Natron benzoicum, or benzoato of soda, tho vapour being inhaled from an attenuated solution. It is stated that seven weeks of inhalation Beveral times a day produces "results which would hnvo been incredible beforehand." Whether it really- arrests consumption, or acts merely as a palliative, must bo determined on more extensive experience, Ritualism in England. — The Rev. Mr, Mac- honochie, the ritualistic vicar of St. Albans, ITolborn, who for til r last ten years has successfully defied the authority of the Ecclesiastical C'onrts,hasat last been suspended ah officio cl hcnejicio for tho space of three years.' The order of suspension was originally passed last year, but its execution was restrained by a writ of prohibition from the Queen's Bench Division, whioh in its turn has now been over ruled. It was in consequence of this ease that the famous dispute arose between the Lord Chief Justice and Lord Penzance, which provoked the former into writing one of the most brilliant pieces of invective which have been produced since the days of Junius. . The sentence passed on Mr. Mackonochic has, of course, the effect of depriving Iiim of all spiritual power and authority for the time specified, hut it seems likely, judging from the course he has previously pursued, that ho will attempt to preach in spite of it, in which case lie will force upon tl-.c Court the unpleasant duty of committing iiim to prison. Public Prosecutous in England. — The tele graphic announcement that the Recorder of Leeds has been appointed public prosecutor, in pursuance of the Act of last session, marks the attainment of a stage in criminal law reform in England (writes the S, M. Herald) which has long been earnestly de sired by those capable of appreciating the necessity for it, and the svant of which has been constantly giving rise to flagrant scandals in the administra tion of justice in the mother country. According to the antiquated, but not yet exploded theory of Eng- glish criminal proceedings, a criminal trial is in fact a litigious suit between tho Crown and tho pri soner, which any member of the community what ever may set going, or which, if no public spirited or interested person presents himself, may never he set going nt all. The form by which the prisoner is given in charge to the jury, especially in cases of misdemeanour, which include some of the worst crimes, embodies this theory in a distinct shape. The jury are required to "try tho issue joined between our Sovereign Lady the Queen and the prisoner at the Bar." The practical result has been that everybody, however much injured by a crime, has flinched from prosecuting because of the expenses and incnnvenicncc to whichhis interference has generally led. Tho charges, for instance, _ of securing a conviction at Quarter Sessions or Assizes for stealing a pookethandkerchief having been known to amount to £30. Even in tho ease of murders, it is has rested entirely with the police or with the Treasury whether or not an accusation shall be persisted in ; and Yvhere no public atten tion has been called to the offence, nor interest excited by the newspapers, there has been every inducement to let the matter rest, and not spend time, money, and trouble about what may prove a useless and u nre numerated quest. The ends of abstract public justice were entirely neglected. Tho new institution of a Public Proseoutor will not interfere with the tights of the general community to initiate proceedings, but it avill secure that wherever there is a probability of conviction, public justice shall not suffer for want of energy or private funds to bring the accused to trial. 