NEW SOUTH WALES. Bydney, June 4. A strike of men baa taken place at the Hartley Yale Kerosine Works. It is thought the dis pute will soon be. settled; The deficiency in the Exhibition accounts is greater than has been expected. It turnsout to be £4,000. Up to the present'time the search for the Qui rindi Bank robbers has proved fruitless. Last night a large body of police were in the town of Quirindi from different surrounding stations, and at 4 o'clock this morning another diligent search was made in the neighbourhood. All returned folly convinced that the robbers must have cleared out. Another party was organized to-day, and the police with fresh volunteers have started for the ranges. It is commonly believed that the robbers are on foot. It is reported that Andrew Loder, of Golley Greek, brought important imformation to the Quirindi police. Newcastle, June 4. The officer of the Miners' Association and the representatives of various Lodges met Mr. Lloyd to discuBB the crisis to-day. Sixteen representatives were present. Two scales of payment were submitted by Mr. Lloyd, having for their object the termination of the strike, and, after considerable friendly discussion, the representatives decided to accept the following scale, and to recommend its adoption to the disJ trict Lodges. When coal sells at 8s. the miners shall be paid 3s. 3d.; when it rises to 9s. they will receive 3s. 6d.; to 10s, 3s. 9d.; to 10s. 6d., 3s. lOd.; to lis., 4s.; to lis. 3d., 4s. Id.; tolls. 6d., 4s. 2d.; to lis. 9d., 4s. 3d.; to 12s., 4s. 4d.; to 12s. 3d., 4s. Sd.; to 12s. 6d., 4s. 6d. ;io 12s. 9d., 4s. 7d.; to 13s., 4s. 81.; to 13s. 3d., 4s. 9d.; to 13s. 6d., 4s. 10d.; to 13s 9d.,4s. lid;; and to 148., 5s. Meetings of all the miners in the dis trict will be held on Monday evening, when a deputation from the conference will attend to explain. A ballot will also be taken on Tnesday of all the miners on the matter, and the resnlt of this will be to terminate the strike. _ It is generally believed that the above scale will be accepted, as it is considered more comprehensive and worthy of acceptance than any other submitted. Sydney, June 5. On Saturday afternoon, while a lad named Davies was playing about the tramway terminus at Redfern, be was knocked down by a motor while crossing tbe line and killed instantly. The body was completely cut in two. Acting on Mr, Andrew Loder's information, the police overhauled a party of three men bear ing a resemblance to the suspected Bank robbers, near Doughboy Hollow, at Quirindi, yesterday. They proved to be travelling sailors. A large body of police are searching the ranges, where the robbers are still believed to be lurking. Sydney, June 7 At the miners' meetings held at W&llsend; and PlatBburg this morning to receive the report of the delegates to the late conference on the question of settlement, the delegates of Walls end and the Go-operative Company were strongly opposed to the men accepting the proposal scale. Both meetings by large majorities decided against any ballot being taken. There is a general feeling among the remainder of tbe collieries not only in favour of the ballot being taken, hut also of the men on strike returning to work upon the terms of the scale submitted. The associated masters held a meeting in Sydney to-day, when they decided to accept tbe rates laid down under the terms of the compiomise. Mr. Grierson, of the A.A. Company, however, not being a party to the ne, otiatione, declined to be bound by them, and requested leave to withdraw from the Associa tion, which was granted. Nothing more has been idone pending the result of the ballet. A meeting of miners is to be held to-morrow. Tbe Executive have decided, to commute the capital sentences passed on O'Brien, Scowen, and Sykes, for tbe murder of a publican at Glebe, to imprisonment with hard labour for short periods. The death sentence passed en Sinclair, for rape at Maitland, has also been commuted to imprisonment for life .with hard labour. A deputation interviewed tbe Minister o Lands to-day, and nrged the withdrawal of the Grown lands now offered for sale at the reduced price of one pound per acre, and that the Govern ment should take steps in future for the publica tion of more information in reference to such sales. The Hon. James Hoskins promised to give tke matter consideration. A letter received from Hanlon explains that owing to prior engagements he will be unable to meet Trickett in England in September or October, but is willing to row him in January. He will make a match as soon as Trickett deposits fifty pounds. Shortly after midnight last night Oaptatn Byrnes and a watchman of the A.S.N. Com pany's works were attacked at Pyrmont by four larrikins, apparently with the object of robbing Byrnes of the day's receipts from the Pyrmont Ferry Company. Both were severely maltreated, but they managed to beat off their assailants. ' The Government have called for tenders fer tbe construction of twenty-five motors in the colony.. Police black-trackers left Quirindi to-day and proceeded in the direction of Nerris Greek, evidently acting oh information received this morning. Other members of tbe police force have gone in the direction of Wallabadah. It Is suspected that the Bank robbers are trying to work round for tbe Mindle Kanges on foot. A crowded meeting was held at the Masonic Hall to-night, the Mayor presiding, at which a resolution was carried in favour of Government contracts for, locomotive engines, rolling-stock, tramway motors, cars, bridges, wharfs, &c;, being executed in the colony. The following addition to the resolution wes also carried :— " That duties should be levied on all imported goods that can be manufactured in this colony, for the purpose of promoting and encouraging our native industries." Sydney, June 8. Several hundred men are waiting at Grafton for employment at the Sugar Company's works, and 20U more went up from Sydney by recent steamers. The men will be taken on on Friday. A twelve-ounce nugget has been found at Hill End, four feet from the surface, and within three feet of the main street. The discovery has caused great excitement, and the adjoining ground has been pegged out. Sydney, June 8. The steamer Orient sailed to-day for London, with a large number of passengers. Her cargo includes 882 bales wool, 8,000 ingots tin, 30,000 - ingots copper, 1,571 cakes copper, and 2,800 cases meat. Tricbett leaveB for England on Thursday over land, so as to catch the Urient at Melbourne. Great excitement, has existed all day iu the Hunter District as to the result of the ballot of miners on the question of accepting or refusing the new sliding-scale. The returns to hand at present show a rejection of the agreement to be almost certain, the adverse votes of the Wallsend and co- operative miners having swamped the votes in favour of its acceptance. . It is stated that the Company will offer no further concession, and that the A.A. Company are determined to work their mine with hands outside the Union, even if they have to hire them as day labourers. The result of tbe coal miners' ballot in the Hunter District has created surprise, as it was fully expected at Newcastle tnat the miners would have accepted the scheme. The A A. Company, haviBg withdrawn from the ranks of the associated collieries, is. apparently making preparations to resume work at once, and to-day the Superintendent sent for and bad an inter view with a deputation of the former workmen. He made a proposal to them with tbe object of their resuming work, and the miners give a definite answer to-morrow. There is but little doubt entertained that the men will accept the proposal made, and in this case work will be resumed as usual without delay. The Tumut police last night arrested a man who is suspected to be Joseph Byrnes, the bush ranger. They have watched him a long time. A blacksmith at Tumut named Collins, who knew Byrnes when a groom in Victoria and brought horses to him frequently to be shod, pointed him out amid a group in the Koyal Hotel billiard-room. He says if it is not Byrnes it must be bis ghost. The prisoner is remanded for further identification. In the Assembly Mr. Barbour moved the adjournment of the House in order to urge the Government to withdraw from sale the large quantity of Crown lands advertised to be dis posed of by auction to-day at a pound an acre. After tho discussion had terminated tbe Government declined to accede to tbe request. Mr. Cameron moved the followed resolution:—" That the Govern ment should bring iu a Bill to stop Chinese immigration"—but withdrew it on the state ment made by the Premier that he was in com munication with the Governments of the other colonies with the view of joint action to restrict Chinese immigration. Sydney, June 9, 7.19 p.m. The man supposed to be Byrne, the bush rat ger, was brought up at the Tumut Police Court to-day, and turned out to be Joseph Mclver, a native of Victoria. Mclver bears a remarkable resemblance to Byrne. The prisoner was- dis charged. Tbe Zealandia left San Francisco for Sydney on May 7. Tbe Wctonga, which cleared from Sydney yesterday evening for Melbourne, when off Botany Bay (at 7.30 p.m.) plunged heavily, aud shipped an immense quantity of water forward aud also aft. At the Bame moment the racing of the engines indicated that something was wrong with tbe propeller, and tho vessel was towed back to port this morning. On examina tion it proved that all the blades of the pro peller were broken. The cargo was discharged into the Alexandra, which leaves to-morrow afternoon. The foreign arrivals to-day are heavier than for years past. They include the Vidal, from Mauritius, with 16,800 bags of sugar; the , Camperdown, from London, with immigrants; ' the Halloween, the Airlie, the Ann Duthie, the Benares, and the Hereward, from London; and the Firth of Dornoch, from Glasgow. The Oamperdown will be detained in quarantine for a short time, as there are measles aboard. | The Government have agreed to lend a number of ballast-wagons to the contractor's j line from Wagga to Aibury, as the contractors express their inability to finish within the contract time without this assistance. In the Assembly to-night, the Crown Lands Purchases Validating Bill, to make legal certain conditional purchases found to have been made on reserves, was read a second time, and passed through Committee. On tbe motion for going ! into Committee of Supply, Mr. Buchanan moved a contingent motion in favour of protective duties, for tbe purpose of promoting, en couraging, and protecting native industries. The debate is proceeding. The Legislative Council haB passed the second reading of tbe Electoral Bill without debate, and on going through Committee the clauses re latating to £40 deposit and to prohibiting plumping were postponed till Tuesday. Mr.'B. Driver, M.L.A., who has been ill for some considerable time, is sinking fast. The strike at Hartley Vale is satisfactorily concluded, and the men have resumed full work. The Superintendent of the A.A Company and the representatives of the miners had a long interview to-dity, when the former made an offer to take on all the old hands on terms which the representatives on behalf of the men unani mously accepted, and will submit to the men at once, and return a definite answer to- morrow. The question &b; to tho employment of the chance hands now working for the Company is left to stand over as a matter of detail, to be arranged after the regular hands have resumed working. It is probable that the differences between the miners and the other collieries will also be submitted to arbitration. Arrived—Alexandra. An important public meetirg was held at Newcastle this evening to protest against the fnrfhnw inflnr aP HhSnaan intn tUn aaIahw mi) further influx of Chinese into the colony, and resolutions were carried that their presence politically, morally, and socially was an evil in the community. The meeting pledged itself to support at the next election only those candi dates who would promise to support any measure prohibiting Chinese immigration, and an influential committee was formed to carry the resolution into effect. Mr. G. A. Lloyd's efforts to bring about a .termination of the;miners'strike has at last been crowned with success. He met£the repre sentatives of the miners this afternoon, when the proposals were fully discussed, aud the offer of 3s. fid. per ton while the price remains at Ids. per ton was accepted on condition that the whole. question be submitted to arbitration An agreement was drawn up, and signed by the miners' representatives and by Mr. Lloyd on behalf of the Companies interested, and work will probably be resumed on Friday. Newcastle, June 9, 7 p.m. The complete returns of the ballot taken yesterday show a majority against accepting the proposed scale at Lambton. Mr. Lloyd is now holding a conference with the delegates, with the view of snbmittiog another soale to the miners, providing for a minimum hewing rate of 3s. (3d. whilst coal is selling at 10s. or under. Public sympathy has been greatly shaken in the cause of the miners in consequence of their re fusal to accept the previous offer. The action of the A.A. Company in withdrawing from the Association and making arrangements to resume' work has thrown quite a different complexion over the aspect of the struggle now goiDg on,. t-be tendency being to weaken materially the position of tke remaining associated masters, and to add proportionate strength to the miners on strike. Mr. G. A. Lloyd has succeeded in bringing the strike to a close. The delegates have ac cepted 3s. 9d. for a 10s. price while the case is being submitted to arbitration, and the masters have agreed to this. The delegates will get tb& consent of their Lodges to-morrow, and the men will go to work on Friday morning. Much satisfaction is felt at the result of Mr. Lloyd's negotiations. 