: JUST AS I AM. Br ins Author or "Lady Aodi-ey s Secrst. "Takeh at the Flood," "A Strange World, "DeapMeh'sSuoes," " Weavers asp Weft," Ac., 4c. Chapter XXVII. — Poor Lect. ' Aronmorc is one of the gentoolcst towns in England. There is positively nothing common tT unclean in it. It manufactures nothing, it rives employment to nobody, it knows nothing ,f tho working classes, it has no outer tnnge, Bo dingy hem of shabby streets and laboring men's cottages. It is a pnro and perfect- chrysolite set in the garden-land of Eng. land, a land of grcon pastures, watered hy a picturesiiso hut weedy river that .ever turned a mill or served' any useful pur poses in its life, bnt which glides along its terpentine courso placidly, between willow- ,haded banks. The Iligh-street is as broad as Begentstrect, and 'sparkles' with shops that only Appeal to the wealthy. Dho two chief hotels aro as elegantly luxurious and as expensive as Claritlge's. The surrounding hills are dotted with white-walled villas girdled with exquisitely, hept gardens, rich in monkey trees, d endows, Weiiingtonias and all the aristocracy of foreign . timber. "The finest society in England is to be had at Avonmore/'said Mr. Churchijl Green, as he finished his hashed mutton, and turned his chair to the fire in the untidy littlo back parlor behind bisshop, "but" it is an infeniaUy'stagn'ant. hole (or a man to earn his living in." His wife sat. in a low chair in the opposite dorner. of tbo hearth nursing her last baby. A ifckly mother with hollow hectic cheeks anji'a dry hacking cough ; a flabby-looking infant, dribbling over a soiled and crumpled pinniforo. ' M I don't know how it is for other people," re plied Mrs. Green, mournfully, "some of thorn seem to get on well enough, and even to make their fortunes, but it doesn't answer with us, ferhaps if you were to keep closer to business, Churchill " "Closer to business," echoed Mr. Green, scorn fully. "Will my closeness bring customers. If I were to bo as closens an oyster ouRl that fill my shop ? Didn't fktay at home .and sit yawning I over the telegraph behind that blessed counter I ell yesterday afternoon, and what are wo tho a richer for my self-denial?" j "Two young ladies came, Churchill." ! "Yes, and after turning over thrco portfolios j of songs and waltzes decided thcro was nothing s they cared about, and walked out of tho shop J without spending sixpence. I wish I dealt in j cheeses, or eel pics, or rags and bones, or pig 1 trotters," cried Churchill, saiagely, " for then I f might find an appreciative public." j " I have often advised you to try somo other 5 business," said tho wife, with meek reproachfuj- j jpss, the kind of half resigned, half complaining j and wholly miserable tone which irritates a hus- I band's nerves like tho perpetual dropping of j water, a small nuisance, but horriblo from its i continuity. I "Oh, hang it all," exclaimed Churchill, as ! be knocked tho ashes out of his' blackened j meerschaum. " I couldn't stand an ungentle- | manly trado, if it were to bring in thousands." a Lucy Green gave ajittle whimporing sigh, ns . I ihe bent over the &ickjy; baby, and lifted tbo ! limp littlo hand to hor lip3. a "I wouldn't caro what the traffic was if itgave 3 Osgood food and decent clothes, Charley," sho f. laid. She always callod her husband Charley I when she was most in earnest. " I am suro I felt I as bad as if somebody was putting a knife into 1 me this afternoon, when I saw thoso children j going to school in patched clothes and worn. 3 out boots. What's the good of waiting for j concert engagements that don't comc. If it wasn't for a circus now and then, and a piano or two to tune, you wouldn't earn a five-pound note in a twelvemonth. It's only the kindness of— my friends," she faltered a little hero and looked furtively at her husband, whose face had clouded over with a sudden scowl ; " it's only their kind ness keeps us from starvation." . "Perhaps if your friends wero a little less, mysterious in their benevolence I might feet more grateful," retorted Mr. Gtcen. "But it isn't. a pleasant idea for a husband that his wife ggts her money from nobody knows whom." "The money 'seems as welcome to you as to me, Charley. .»u always help to spend it" ' "I suppose ve a right to live, Lucy." \ ."Nobody dented that, Churchill. Don't I J davo to put a decent dinner on the table, and Jeed the poor children on bread and troacle.half tho week so that yon may have a littlo bit of hot supper when you couic home tired of a night; but it does seem hard upon us all when you go snd spend money in a tavern parlor rather than make yourself happy at home." "Happy," echoed Green, with a contempt uous survey of tlio shabby room, and the faded wife. . " A fine place for a man to bo happy in— 1 chorus of squalling brats, varied by a boIo from t grumbling. wife. If it wero not for the relief I get from a littlo pleasant society of an evening I jhould cut my throat." "I don't think I shall he hero to trouble you very much longer," said Luey, looking at him with eyes that were slowly- filling with tears. It wasa-look full of pathos, but the husband had i icen it; so often that it had lost its power to \ move him, "And if you don't give anymore thought to the poor children when I am gono than you do now, they won't bo very long a 9urde» upon you, for with their weakly constitu tions they need all a father's care." "They need a father's purse, my girl, and mine's empty," answered Green, putting away his pipe and rising to depart. He settled his collar, and arranged his hair he- \ fore the shabby little glass over the mantelpiece, \ ind then, feeling that he had not been quite so \ kind as he might have been to tho weak piece of humanity which he had wddded, he bent down and 1 gave his wife a gentle pat on tbe shoulder with I one hand, while he offered the forefinger of the I other to his baby, whodulchedit it convulsively 9 and examined it with a frowning intentness, as I If the' paternal finger wero a natural curiosity j Been for the first time. 6 "-Cheer up, old girl, " said Green, "a 'creaking J door.always hangs longest on its hinges. You'll I go/on creaking for many a year to come, I'll bo 1 bound."' ' I "I don't think .so, Charley. My chest's j awfully bad, and tho pain in my side gets worso | everyday." | , " Ifs all on account of those villanous east I winds. You'll bo better directly there's a change 1 in the weather. Ta ta," | ' . " Where aro you going, Churchill, in such a I hurry." a " To the station. There's a concert at Black- I ford this evening, and a now contralto I've set I my heart on hearing. I shall go third-class. I Three-.bob there and back, and I shall be homo I before one in the morning. Don't sit up for me, icy, but just have 11 bit of something hot on tho I 'kitchen hob, as per usual." I was. gone beforo she co'nl'd 'rom'dhistrate. I She sat rocking the baby on her knees, with the I team rolling down her wasted cheeks. I 'Three shillings for railway fare, and some- | thing for his tea at Biackford, oven if ho gets I into the concert hall for nothing, "'she munhurod I dolefully. " Fivo shillings would buy Evcleen I ft pair of boots, and tho poor child's feet are on a the ground. God holp inc. I was so proud of I Churchill's musical genius when 1 married him ; and now I bate tho namo of coneorts, and or gans and oratorios, and the whole lotof it." . The bell han ging on the shop door gave a jing- I ling ring, and Lucy Green started up in an agi tated manner, hurriedly deposited tho flabby bundle of infant lifo in tho cradle, and hastened into tho shop ; a gentleman was standing in front of the counter looking about him thoughtfully. "Did you wish to soe our newest music, sir?" asked Mrs. Grceo, summoning up her most cheerful smile, and trying to look liko a pros perous trackman's wife, painfully conscious all the while (fr her faded gown and untidy hair, wmca the hahv b«d been clawing a few minutes »go. .7 ' "I am not a customer, madame," answered the stranger with grave politeness. "I wish -to have a little private conversation with1 you, if yon will allow me. I believe you are Mrs. Green ?" " Yes, sir," "I am known — Blightly— to your relation, Mrs. Dawley." "Indeed, sir. Then I'm sure your welcome," exclaimed Lucy, brightoning. "Mrs." Dawley is lay aunt, and the best of aunts.' How was she looking, sir, when you lest saw her?" . "Glorious. I met her in Highclero Market place only a week ago, and sho looked blooming sad hearty," "Dear old Highcjere," said Mrs. Green regrct- nulj "How I love that place. It isn't as fashionable or as handsomo a town as this I know, but it's nearer my old home, and I /; rii-htsfMcrvc"'"1 arr4HSemont with tho author knew it when I was a light-hearted girl, without a care. That makes the difference, you gee, sir. Will you please to step into the par lor, sir, and mako yourself at home.' It's a poor place, for we'ro limited as to room, yon see, everything beipg sacrificed to the shop, and with children about one can never keep a room tidy." "Fray don't apologise," said Morton Blake. " I dare say you -would rather have disorder with the children, than order without them." " Yes, indeed, sir, I should be sorry to loso one, though it's a wearing life." Her hollow cough gave emphasis to the remark. It- was a life that seemed likely to wear into death beforo she was much older. "I want to talk to you . about, the past, when you were in service at Templewood." "Ah, sir, thoso wcro the happiest days of my life. Seeing me now, you'd never believe whit a giddy, flighty young creature I was then. But what interest can that time have to you, sir?" "A great deal. I ain hunting up details of fnmily history in order to establish a certain gen- tloinans right to an cstato now in Chancery, and there aro points in the history of Lord Gc »rgo Rothn.ey, and in other family records, which may help me to a missing link hero or there in the chain of evidence. You understand?" ' " Not exactly, sir," answescd Mrs, Green, with a puzzled look, "but you must bear in mind that I've no head for business. Green is always telling mo that." Morton had invented this pretext as I10 came along, feeling that it would be necessary to allege some motive for his inquiries. " You wero with Aliss Alico Rothney before her JuKirriage, I believe ?" he said. "Yes, sir, I was own maid to Miss Alico and her sisters. Ah, she was a sweot young lady, poor flower, cut off in Her bloom and beauty." Her eyes filled with tears, and sho turned away her head with a choking sob, as sho felt in her pocket for her handkerchief, fumbling nervously in her agitation. " You were very fond of her, I see," said Mor ton, kindly. "Fond of hor ? I loved her as if she had been my own flesh and blood. . She was a kind mistress to me, and I was truo and faithful to her. Y'os, God knows I would have gone through fire, and water to save her ! " "Was she happy in her married life?" asked Morton, intensely interested. It seemed to him that he was on the right track. Mrs. Green was inclined to bo communi cative. The floodgates of.mcmory wero open, and all would be easy. But at this question she be- carao suddenly on her guard. She drew herself up, tightened hor lips, dried her tears, aud be came as it were a woman of marble. "She had the best of husbands, sir, and the most devoted." "But that docs not .always ensure happiness. Sho -may have had a previous attachment. She may havo been unhappy in her -memory of a former lover." " If it wore so, sir, it wouldn't bo my place to talk ghout it, especially with a stranger. I was true to my lady in life, and I wish to be truo to her in death." "I would not for tbo world assail your fidelity. But tlicro is a reason why tho details of Lady Courtcnay'B married lifo and her death aro deeply interesting to me. It is no idlo curiosity that moves me. Bo assured of that. It is in tho cause- of truth and justico that I r ask theso questions." Lucy ' Green looked at him with a scared ex pression — palo to tho lips,. "You, from your association with the neigh borhood, must havo been interested in tho trial at Highclero List December. Tell mo frankly, now, do you think tho man who was condemned for ' the murder of Walter Blako was the real mur derer?" Sho never took her eyes from his face. Tho palo lips .assumed a purplo tinge, tho angry hectic of disease came and went upon tbo suuken cheeks. "This woman is in the secret," thought Mor ion. "Wliaj; strange questions you ask," sho fal tered ; "and what could that mqn's guilt or in nocence have to do with Lady Courtanay?" " Perhaps ft.gre.at deal. Walter Blako had been Lady Courtcnay's suitor before hormarriagc. It is possiblo that a husband's jealousy " "You havo no right to say such things. You havo no right to speak against tho dead," eje- 'ulaimcd Lncy, tremulous with anger. " I was true to my lady while sho was alive. Do you think I am going to bo false, to her now to gratify your malice. Why do you come here to rip up the secret of the past— if there wero any secrets in bor lifo — which there wcro not. Nobody ever slandered her while she was alive. Is sho to be mado light of after she has been lying in bcr gravo. for twenty years ?" "'Fray do not agitate yourself," said Morton, gently, "I have not said a word against Lady Courtenny. If Walter Blake loved hor it is a reason why I should honor her memory- But I believe that Sir Everard Courtenay had a hand in Walter Blako's murder, and I believe that you could help me to discover tho secret of his guilt." " Sir Everard Courtenay," cried Lucy, with a laugh that had too hysterical a sound for genuino mirthfulncss or genuine scorn. " Why lio and Mr. Blake were old friends — old schoolfellows. Mr. Blako was as much at home at Fairview as Sir Everard himself. What if that friendship was suddenly broken — if some act or word, innocent of all evil, per haps—on tho part of the wifo awakened tho hus band's jealousy " Oh, you are leading ino on now about Sir Fverard, as you led mc on about Lady Courtenay. But you are wasting time and trouble. I have no secrets to tell, and if I had I would not speak ono word against a good master, who was always kind and generous to me — yes, always generous, " she repeated, changing from hysterical laughter to hysterical tears.' "" He has been a good friend to me in ray trouble, with four children and a hus band who squanders moro than he earns ; what would become of inc, do you thipk, if I hadn't a friend ? and yet you; a stranger to me, come hero and try to make me turn against him." . She had risen in her agitation, und had moved about the room, stooping over the cradlo to arrange the baby's coverlet, with a wan hand that fluttered like a' withered leaf in the faint evening, wiud. . . Morton had risen too, and had changed his place; so that ho now stood with "his face turned to the bright winter light, streaming through a window that looked northward.- " Why do you distress yourself, Mrs. Green?" he said, watching her intently. "If-thero is nothing to conceal, or nothing to tell, what need ofSthie agitation ? But if you aro keeping the secret of a crime — bribed perhaps to be silent — you are doing ' a wicked act, and no good can come io you or your children from the help. which is given you us hush-money." "How dare you tell. meI tako hush- money?" she cried, trembling !iu every limb, and looking hiio straight in tho face for the first timo 'since they had shifted their :p'dsitiHh, " HowMare S'C-u 1 insult— — " . She stopped sudden!»with a faint shriek, and clasped her hands before b.cr eyes, as if to shut him from her sight. . " My God," she cried, " Walter Blake's face !" She sank into the nearest chair, cowering and shuddering as if sho had seen a ghost. Oh, my poor Miss Alice, my poor Miss Alice, he was so good and bravo and true, and loved her so dearly." Then she began to sob, big tears rolling down her wasted cheeks. "Why do 'you come hero to torment me, like a spirit from tho dead?" sho cried. "You have no right to torture mo like tiiis." " Yes, I havo tbe right to use every means in my power to search ont the secret of Walter Blake's murder»" answered Morton sternly, "for he was my father." Sho rose again and came over to him, nnd looked him 'in the face earnestly, with piteous qyeS, as if indeed ho were a shadowy wanderer from, the land where all things aro forgotten. "YTes, it is his face," she murmured. "I ought to have known it from tho- first. But I hardly saw you till just now. You sat "with your back to the light, and I was so upset by what you said — and my sight has grown weaker, every day since I've nursed my last baby. I ought to have guessed who you wore at once. 'Your voice is likp.his, too— perhaps that's tho reason I was so upset — for I'm a poor nervous creature." . » "Can you help me to bring his guilt home to my father's murderer?" asked Morton, waiving away all her agitated protestations with a tone and look that indicated intentness of purpose. "No. 'What should I know of tho murder? I was with my poor dying mistress all that day. I never stirred ootsido Fairview— I hardly left her room." "And you know nothing— you can VeeaR no suspicions circumstance ? You can give, mo no flue ? " "Nothing— n»— no." " You mean you will apt." " No, I say I cannot — I know nothing. Why do you not believo what all tho woild believes — that the man who confessed to the crime was the man who did it 5" "Because I have tho strongest reasons for thinking otherwise— yes, good and sufficient ground for believing that Sir Everard's was the hand that struck tho blow." "You must be mad," said. Lucy, with her gaze still fixed on his face, as if drawn to it irresistibly- by some influence of-raomory, love, or fear, stronger than her will. " Sir Everard, a gentleman, , lift his hand ,against„ his own friend 1 Impossible. Ah, Mr. Blake, Mr. Blake, why did you come here I My poor heart, how it beats ; and the blood sqoms boiling and bubbling in my poor weak bead. Why do you bring up the past? I can't bear it— I can't , bear it." She flung herself back into the chair, from which she had- risen restlessly a minute before, and burst into passionate tears. Never had Mor ton seen a woman sob so bitterly, -and tho sight wrung his heart. "My good soul, I am truly sorry," ho ex-, claimed, laying his hand gently, almost tenderly upon her shoulder. " Pray do not distress your self in thjs way. If you havo no knowledge of my.father's death, if you are witjiolding nothing from me, there can be no cause for this agitation." " Yes, there can," sho cried passionately. 'Thcro is unotbcr cause. Cannot you under stand? How dull you arc. I knew your father so well, I saw him so ofton, when ho came to Templewood courting Miss Alice. Ob, my God, his face rises befoj me noy, as if it was only 5'csterday that he was standing by tho holly hedge that shut off the kitchen-garden from tho shrub bery, talking to mo about my young mistress. He used to mako a confidante of mc, and give mo message? and littlo notes for 'her,, for shp.was hardly out of the nursery at that timo; and Lady George keptiier#very close. It used'to please Mr. Blake to talk to iae about her, for I .could tell him all she said about him, aud what ho called her pretty w.oy6. Of counso'it never occurred to him that any harm could comoto mo from all this talk. You fine gcntlpmen think that because wc aro servants wo aro not flesh and blood, that we havo no hearts to feel, or fancies to bo led astray. But t hough I was a lady's maid T wasli woman, and I grow to caro moro for him than I ought to have cared, and I was miserable about him, and took no pleasure in lifo except when he was near mc, and ray heart ws gnawed with jealousy, and .many a time when ho has given me a letter for Miss Alico I havo covered it' with kisses, and carried it about in ray bosom for. hours beforo I gave it to her, and- I'vo been tcmptccl to destroy it in my jealous pain. Yet I was true to my lady through all, and never turned against her, or faltered in my love for her." She said all this with her waste'd hands spread before her waptod faco, her speech broken overy now and then by a stifled sob. Now she let fall her hands, and looked nt Morton once moro, her faco crimson with shame. " Why do I tell you this now that he has been in his grave twenty years ?" sho asked. "Heaven knows why. I havo never told a'creature beforo to-day ; he never guessed it. l avas not a bold flirting girl, like some, and I would have died rather than betray myself to him, But you are his son. Ibiscems to mo almost ns if you wero himself, risen from tho dead— and you wanted to know why I was so upset, and I havo told you, and there's an end of it." This was said with an air that was half weary, half defiant. The air of one who was very tired of the burden of this life, destined very soon to cost off that burden for over. "I am sorry for you with all my; soul/.' said Morton. "I honor you for having lovod him, and for having so faithfully kept tbe secret of that lovo. You can tho better understand how I, his only son, who loved him passionately, am bent upon avenging his death." - - This rouowed her tears. "Don't. talk to 1110 about, his , death," sho pleaded. " I can't bear it." , Ho stood, looking down at her thoughtfully for Borne minutes, while sho sat struggling with her tears, and wiping thorn off flier wan checks, sorely inclined to be fyysterical; bufcrconquoring her agitation heroically. v IU felt profound pity ' for her weakness, physical and mental; Ho saw such, signs of disease in her pallid - faco and shrunken form as could but mbve him to com passion. Y'qt hefelt that, weak as sho was, she had got tho better of him, conquering his strength ot determination by her very weakness. Ho felt assured that she had somo knowledge of . circumstances bearing on his father's death, and that sho waa wilfully keeping that knowledge from him. Th'wughout the interview there had been a remorseful consciousness of wrong-doing in her maimer. It was nob grief for the dead alone which drew from, her such passionate tokens of distress. Thcro was guilt as well; "You sccmto be in a weak stato of health," he said kindly, when she had grown calmer and had taken the baby from his cradlo, as if in tho hope of finding, some comfort in that feeble morsel of humanity which she pressed tenderly to her breast, bending down to kiss the flabby littlo luce, with bluo eyes staring wonderingly at her. "Yes, I have had a hacking .cough evor siuco last September, andljiave beon very. low. Poor mother died iu a decline, and- my eldest sister went off last year, just in the same way, and I suppose it will be my turn nexbl I shouldnifc much mind if it wasn't for these poor children ; but it's hard to louvo them. Churchill means well, poor fellow, but bo's so wrapt up in music, and singing, and such like. He'll go twenty miles to hair a new church organ, or a . now singer, lie can't take care of tho children as I do." "Please God you may be spared for somo years yet. You soem to have rathor a. hard life here. The shop to mind — " . "Churchijl is at home sometimes," answered the wife, with a deprecating air, 41 but I do mind the shop mostly." " And the children to take care of-" il Yes, it is a hard life to uByprio that's out of health," assented Luey with a sigh. . " Don't you think if you wcro to come into the fresh country air,, among fields and woods, and . have a comfortable cottage to live in,, and a nice little sorvant to Ipok after the children and wait <upon you, you might get better?" "Lor, sir,, you might as well ask me if I thought I should get bettor in Paradise 1 Of course I.should, but it's impossible." - ' "Not at all. If you like to come to Tanglcy I'll givoyou one of tho cottages 011 ray estate, .with a nice bit of garden, aud I'll find an honest girl to nurse you and your children, and my aunt, who is about the best woman in tho world, will take caro, that you want for nothing, till you get well and strong and aro ablo to conic back, to t your husband." " Oh sir," she said, clasping hew hands rap turously; "how generous and hoble you are.! Yes, you art 'ifi'de6H 'liis sbh — liko him who was the kindest of men." ' " Let it be a settled thing, then. ' I will havo some furniture put into a cottagd\to-morrow— we have always plenty of chairs and tables and . old bedsteads intho lumber-room at the manor —and I will get my aunt to arrange everything. All you have to do is to get your husband's con- sent to your leaving him to' take care of himself for a month or two." " I don't think he'll much mind, sir," an swered Lucy. " Ho has often said ho would like to give mc a change of air if he conld afford it ; and it worries him, poor fellow, to hear my -cough, and to know that he can do nothing to wards curing it. He has grumbled at my Aunt Dawley because she hasn't nsked me to go and stay at the farm — but then you sec, Sir, my aunt has her husband to study, and sick people are bad company. And even if she were to invito m'e to tho fann she wouldn't have tho children, and I should havo to be parted from them, poor innqcents." (1You will bo happier with your children round you, I am sure. Hero is a trifle for The expenses of tho journey." He slipped a five-pound-note iqio heyr hand. "I'll write to you to-morrow to pay bow scon the cottage can be ready, and you can settlo everything with Mr. Green in the meantime. ' "Oh, sir, I don't know how to thank you. You arc too good. You are- like your father. I can't say more than that." " I don't want any thanks. Good-bye, until I see you at Tanglcy," and with this brief leave- taking ho took up his hat and departed. There had been no thought of 6elf-intcrest in his kindness' to Lucy. His heart had been touched by her distress, find still moro. so by tho "deep fooling sho had shown in reference to Ids dead father. Ijufc after he had left hor, and was on liis way home, it occurred to his mind that whatever knowledge sho had withheld from him to-day as a slrangn. she might ppssibly impart at Eome future time, when tho hall learnt to- regard. him as her benefactor and frierfL 