THE CITY OF MERV. A correspondent writes as follows to the Lon don /Ja <7 1/ Telegraph:— Yormnny years Mervhas been prominent in the Central Asian corres pondence between the Foreign Offices of Eng land and Russia, and for two' generations has been a point of highest interest to Anglo- Indian statesmen. Its name has thus become tolerably familiar to the public ear, but of its actual value, commercial, political and strategic, oilly very inadequate estimates are generally current. As a matter of fact, how ever, the importance of the city of Merv both to England and to India can hardly be over-estimated. Kot only commer cially does it mark the point of junction of the three highways of Central Asia along which aU the traffic of that vast region of necessity travels, but politically it marks the point at which the advance of Russia first infringes upon the Afghan frontier, to the injury of England in India, while strategi cally Merv gives its possessor an incomparable, and in fact the only, base for rapid and mili tary operations against Persia and Afghanis tan. The modern city is a miserable ghost of the ancient Merv, the acknowledged queen of Central Asia, that, with its million of in habitants, offered such desperate resistance to enemy after enemy eager to plunder its enormous welth. Nor does the cultivation around it to-day bear any propor tion to the great tracts which at one time produced sufficient grain to supply aU the caravans of Central Asia, and yet leave enough to fccu its OWii dcHSc population. Merv, nevertheless — the modern town — has to-day an importance to which in the olden days of its splendor it had never attained, for it is the last stronghold of the brave Turcoman tribes, who aro themselves the. last harrier to the fulfilment of Russia's scheme for dominating Asiatic public opinion, and tor unseating England from the supreme position she now holds in the native miud of all the East. Tho Turcomans themselves, the Tekkes of Merv, understand to the full the importance of their chief town. Years ago, when they foresaw the advanco of Russia, they aban doned their differences with their neighbors, tho Akhal tribes, and while they promised to join the latter to light the invaders on tho threshold, Merv was decided upon as tho point for tho last joint stand. Gnek Teppeh, Tcjend and Merv were the three siies selected for giving battle to the Russians, but it was at Merv that the great and final effort to repel the Cossack wave was tokbe made. Some twenty pieces of artillery of strange patterns, the spoil of early battles with the Persians and other neighbors, were duly installed upon the primitive, but not inefficient, earthworks of the Merv fort, and within the last year the Turcomans have considerably increased the strength of their stronghold. In a single day 20,000 fighting men could concentrate upon this point, and local resources would amply suffice to supply this, force or four times its number, with food for many weeks.. ' The pre sent city stands on lower ground than old Merv, but it possesses in. the numerous water courses that intersect the surrounding fields a means of defence which even in ,1 urcoman hands might provo sufficient to foil an attack. Were these aqueducts allowed to overflow and flood . the ground the passage of artillery would be impo>6ible and of cavalry most dangerous, while the Turcomans, armed with rifles-converted many of them by their own hauds from old weapons into more improved patterns — and entrenched ^be hind their mud wallB, might inflict very serious loss upon the approaching enemy. This enemy tliey used always to look for from the west, but of late their eyes have turned northward towards Ihe Oxus and Chaijni. Having for merly been under the authority of Khiva, it was natural that they should look in thnt direction, but more recently the gra dual fortification of the Oxus by the Rus sians, and the great strength to which Chaijui was attaining gave additional and very forcible reasons to their glances of alann turn ing to the north. The steamers which have now been for some years plying on the Oxus have been steadily supplying Chaijui, the ter minal fort, which all the munitions for war and the concentration of troops in its neighbor hood, especially of the light irregular horse which Russia has been so largely raising, threatened Merv . with constant danger. Chaijui to such a force is not a week s dis tance from Merv, and the apprehensions of the Turcomans for their capital were therefore well founded. Onco driven from that town Ihey. would havo but little chance of regaining possession, for the Russian artillery could in ten days be brought up from Charijui, nnd Russian engines would very soon make tho city of Merv impregnable by an un skilled enemy. Russia would then ho witliin a fortnight's distance of Herat, and not only nearer by 100 miles to that great fortress than are the English force at Kandahar orat Cabul, but the vast resources of transport which tho conquest of Merv would place at their disposal would give the Cossacks such an advantage in the' race for " the key of Cabul" as would double the difference in distance already iu their favor. 