THE MYSTERY OF SASASSA VALLEY. A SOUTH AFRICAN STORY. Do I know why Tom Donahue is callee "Lucky Tom?" Yee, I do; and that ii more than one lb ten of those who call him so oan say. I have knockedtfabont a deal in my time, and seen some strange sights but-none stranger than tho way in winol Tom gained thit sobriquet and his fortune with it i for I was with him at the time, Tell it P Oh, certainly ; but it is a longish story, and à very strange one ; so fill u[ your gluBS 'again, and light another cigar, while I try to reel it off. Y-ja; a vorj I strange one-beats some fairy Rtories.! have heard ; but it's true, Bir, every word of it, There are. mon alive at Cape Colony non who'll remember it and cou Arm what i say. Many a time haB the tale been told round tho Are in Boers' cabins from Orange State to Oriqualand ; yes, and out in thc bush and at the diamond fields, tool I'm roughish now, sir ; bat I was entered at the Middle Templo once, snd studied foi the bar. Tam-worse luck I-was ene of my folio w-atudentf) ; and a wildisb time we had of it, until at last oar finances, ran short., and -wo were compelled to givo up our so-aslled studies, and look about for some 'part of thc world . were two young fellows with strong arms and sound constitutions might make .their mark. In those days the tide .of emi gration had scarcely begun to set in toward Africa, and no ¡ve thought oar beat chance weald be down-at Cape Colony. Well, to make a long story short-we set sail, aud were deposited in Cape Town with loss than Oyo pounds in oar pockets; and there wc parted. We each tried our hands at many thiugs, and had ups and downs ; bat when, at the end of throe years ehitnae led qaoh ol na ; up-country and wo met again,, wé we're, I regret to say, in almost os had a plight as when we started. ; * \- : Welt, this was not muoh of a oommenoe meut; and very disheartened we wero --no disheartened that Tum spoke of going'baofa to England and getting a olorkship. For yon see we didn't know that wo had played out all our small'oardB, and 'that'the' tramps were goiug to turn up. Nb ; wo thonght'Onr " hands' were bud'all through. It'was à very lonely part of tho country that we were in, inhabited by afewsoattercd farmers, whose houses were stockaded and fenoed in' to defend them-against the OaflreB.' Tom Donahue and I had a little hat right oat iu tito bush; bat we wore known to 'possess nothing, and te be handy with our revolvers, BO wo had little to fear.' There wo waited, doing odd jobs, and hoping that something wpaldturn up. Well, after wa had been there about a month, something did turn up upou a: certain night- something wbioh was thu making of both of ns; und it's about that night, sir, that I'm ? going to tell i you. I remember it well. Tho wind-was howling pnat oar'cabin, and tho raiu threatened-tu burst in ont rude window. We hud a great wood fire crackling aud sputtering on-' the hearth, by which 1 was sitting : monning a whip, while Tum was lying Ul his' bunk, groaning diuoonsolutely at tho ohanoo which had led him to s nob, a place. . <« Cheer up, Hom', cheer up," said I. -. " No man ever knows what may bo awaiting him/' "111 lack, ill luck, 'Jack," he answered'. "I always waa an. unlucky dog. Hero have I been throe years in this- abomlnablo ooun try ; and I soe. lads frosh from England jingling the money in their pockets, while .1 am as pour ns when I landed. Ab, Jaok, if you wans to keep your head above water, old friend, yon must try your foituno away from ino." "Nonsense, Tom; you'ro down on your Inok to-night. Bat, hark 1 Hero's some one coming outside, Diok Wharton, by the troad; he'll rouse you if any. man ann." Even as I spoke, tho door was flung open, and honest Dick Wharton, with the water pouring from him, stepped in, bis hearty red face looming through tho haze like a bax vest-moon.. He shook himself, and after greeting UB, eat down by .the fire to warm himeolf. " Whereaway, Dick, on such a night aa thiB ?" said I. " You'll find tho rheumatism a worse foe than tho CnfTres, unless you koop more regular hours." Dick was looking .unusually serious, almost frightened, ono would Bay, if ono did not know tho man. " Had to go>" he »plied-"had to go. Ono of Madison'a eattlo was seen straying down Sasaseu Valley, and of course none of our blacks would go down that valloy at night; and if wo had waited . till morning, the brute would have beoa in Caffrarift." " Why wouldn't they .go down Sasassn . Valloy at night P" aakod Tom. j " Catiros, I Bupposc," said I. *' (íhosts," eaid Dick. "We both laughe.l. " I suppose they didn't give such a uiattcr-of rfact fellow as you a sight of their charma ?" said Tom, from the bunk. "Yes," said Dick, seriously-"yes; I saw what tho niggers talk about ; and I promise you, lade, I don't want over to soe it asjain." . Tom eat up in his bed. " Nonsense, Bick ; you're joking, man. Come, tell us all about it. The legend first, and your own experience afterwards. POSB him over the bottle, Jack." " Well, as to tho legend," began Dick, "it B.iems that tho niggers have had it handed down to them that the Sacassa Valley is haunted by a frightful fiend. Hunters and wunderors pasEing-down the defile have seen it3 Blowing eyes under tho shadows of the elitT; and tho story goes that whoever baa chanced to encounter that baleful glare has had MB after life blighted by tho malignant power of this creature. AVhother th*t be true or not," continued Dick, ruefully, " I may have an opportunity of judging for myself." " Go on. Dick ; go on," cried Tom, " Let'B hear about what you saw." " Well, I was groping down tho volley, looking for that cow of Madison's, and I l¡ad, I suppose, got half way down, whore a black, craggy cliff juts into the ravine on the right, when I halted to have a pull at thy flask. I had my eye fixed at tho time upon tho projecting cliff I have mentioned, and noticed nothing unusual about it. I t hen pat up my flask and took a step or two f orward, when in a moment there burst apparently from tho base of tjierook, about eight feet from the ground and a, hundred .yarda from, me, à strange lurid glare, nickering und oscillating-, gradually dying away, and then re- appearing again. No, no ; I've seen many a glow-worm and fire fly-nothing of that sort., There it -was \- burning away, and I suppose I gazed at it, trembling in every limb, for fully ten minâtes.' Then I took a step forward when instantly it vanished-vanished like a'candle bloWu out; I Btepped hack again ; but it was soire time before I could' find the oxaot spot and position from which it was* visible. At last, there it was, the weird reddish light, flickering away as beforo. Thoo I eorewed np my oonrsge, and made for the rook ; but the ground WAS SO uoevon that it was impossible to etuer straight; sud though I walked along the whole base of thV cliff, I oonld see nothing. Then I made tracks for home ; and I can toll you, boys, that uutil you remarked it, I never knew ie was raining, th« whole way along.-Bat hullo I what's tho mutter with Tom ? ' What indeed ? Tom was now Fitting with his'legs over the side of the bnuk, and bis whole face betraying excitement BO inténseos to be almost painfnl. *' The fiend would have two oyes. How many lights did you see, Dick? Speak out!" * " Only one." - . " Hurrah !" cried Tom, "that's 'better." Whereupon he kicked the blankets into the middle of tho room, 'and began pacing up and down with long feverish strides.'. Sud denly hs stopped opposite Diok, and luid his hand apon his shoulder. "Issy, Dlck'could we get to SasasBa Valley before sunrise?" " Scarcely," said Dick. ' ' "Woll, look hero; w.e aro old friends, Dick Wharton, you and I. Now don't you tell any other man what you have told us for a week. You'll promise that, won't you?" I: could seo by the look on Dick's face aa he acquiesced that he considered poor Tom to be mad; and indeed I was myself completely mystified by bia conduct. I bad, however seen so many proofs of ray friend's good sense and quick ness of apprehension that I thought it quite, possible that Wharton's story had haji a meaning in his eyes which I was too obtuse to take in' , '? All night Tom Donahue wan greatly ex oltod, and when Wharton loft, ho begged him to remember his promise, and also elioited from him a description of the oxaot spot at which he had soon the apparition, aa well as the hoar at whioh it appeared. After bis departure, which mast have boon about four in tho morning, I turned into my bunk, and watched Tom Bitting by the fire BplioiDg two Btioks together, until I fell asleep, I suppose I must have slept about two honra ; but when I awoke, Tom was still Bitting working away iu almost the earns positiou. He had fixed the one stick aoroas the top of the " other BO as to form a rough T, and wns now busy in fitting a smaller Btiok into the angle between them, by manipulating whioh the cross one could be either cooked ap or de pressed to any extent. He bad out notobes, too, in the perpendicular stick, so that, by the aid of the small prop, tho oroas one could bo kept in any position for an indefinite time. ; " Look here. Jock," he cried, whenever he saw that I was awake. "Come and give nie your opinion. Suppose I pat this cross-stiak pointing straight at a thing,, and arranged this small one so as to keep 'it BO, and left it, I could find'that thing again if I wanted it; don't you think I could, Jaok-7-don't yon think' so F" ; he continued, nervously,'olutohing me hy the arm. "Well," I answered, "it would"dopond on how far off tho thing-was,'and how accurately it was pointed. If it were'.any distance, I'd out sights on your cross-stick* J then a string tied to tho end of it, and held in a plumb-line forward, would lead you pretty .noar what you wanted. Bat surely. Tom, you don't intend' to localise' thoBhOBfcinthatwoy?" "- You'll sae to-night, bid friond-you'll 'seo to-night.. I'll carry this to the Sasassa Valley. You get . the loan of Madison's crow-bar, and come with me ; but mind you toll no man whero you aro going, or what you want it for." ' AU day Tom was walkirig up and down the room, or working hard at tho apparatus. His eyes were glistening, his ohook bodia, and bo bad all ' the symptoms of high fever. " Heaven grant that Dick's diagnosis be not corteot!" T thought,.as I returned with tim crow-bar; and yet, as evening drew noar, I found myself imperceptibly Bbaring tho excitoment. About six o'clock Tom sprang to his foot and seized hiB Btioks. " I caa stand it no longer,. Jaok,'' lie cried ; " HQ with your oiow-hor, and hoy for. Basassa Valley 1 To night's work, my Jud, will either mako us or mar aa. Take your six-shooter, in ~ GOBO we moot the Oaffreu. I daren't take mino, Jaok," be|continned, putting his hands on my shoulders-111 doron't take mina ; for if my ill-laok slickB to me to-night, I don't know what I might cot do with it ". j Well, having filled our pockets with pro visions, wo set out, and os we took our ! wearisome way towards tho Sasassa Valley, I frequently attempted to elioit from my companion Bomo cluo ns to his intentions. , But his only answor was : " Iiot us hurry > on, Jaok. Who knows how many bavo i beard of Wharton's adventure hy this time I i Let us burry on, or wo may not bo fhst in iv tho field.'" n Well, sir/we struggled on through tho I hills for a matter of ten miles, till at liiBt, 3 after doBcending a orng, wo saw opening out in front of us a ravine BO sombro and i dark that it might bavo been-tko guto of Haden itself; cliffs many hundred feat! high shut in on every side the gloomy, bouldei I studded passage which led through th I haunted defile into CaflVaria. Tho moo rising above the cragB threw into stron relief the rough, irregular pinnacles of roc by which they were topped, while all beloi waa dark os Erebus. " Tho Sasassa Valley ?" Baid I. . " Tes," said Tom. I looked at him. He was calm now ; th flush and feverishness had passed away his actions were deliberate and slow. Ye there was a certain rigidity in his face am glitter in his eye which showed that a crisii had come. . , "Wo entered tho pass, etunibling alone amid the great boulders. Suddenly I hean a short quick exclamation from Tom " That's the crag 1" he cried, pointing to n great mass looming before ns in tho dark ness. ''Now, Jack, for any favour use youl eyes I Wo'ro about a hundred yards from that cliff, I take it; so you move BIOWIJ towards one Bide, and I'll do.the same to wardn the other. When you see anything stop, and call out. Don't tako moro than twolvo inches in a step, and keep your eye fixed on the oliff about eight feet from tho ground. Are you reedy ?" "Yes." I was oven more excited than Tom by this time. What his intention or object was I could not conjecture, beyond that he wanted to examine by daylight tho part of tho cliff from which tho light came. Yet the influence of tho romantic situation and of my companion's suppressed excite ment waa so great that I could feel the blood coursing through my veina, and count thc pulses throbbing at my temples. " Start 1" cried Tom ; and we moved off, he to tbs right, I to tho left, each with our eyee fixed intently on tho baso of tho orag. I had moved porhaps twenty foet, when in a moment it burs: upon me. Through the growing darkness there ehono a email ruddy glowing point, tho light from which waned and icoreased, fliokernd sud osoil¡a¡nd, each change produeiug a more wi ird tiff ot than the last, The old Caffre .superstition came into my mind, and I tilt a cold slinodor pas* over me. In my excitement I stepped a pace backward, when instantly the light went out, leaving utter darkness in. its place; but when I advanced again, there was the raddy glam glowing from the ba¡>e of the oliff. " Tom I Tom 1" I oried. "Ay lay 1" I heard him oxalaim, as he hurried ovor towards me. " Thero it is-there, np against the oliff I" Tom WOB at ray elbow. >' " I BBB nothing," Ball he. " Why, there, there, man, in front of you I" I stepped to tho right an I Bpoke, when the light instantly vanished from my eyoa But from Tom's ejaculations of delight it was olear, that from ruy former position it was visible to him also. " Jaok," he cried, RB he tnrned and wrung my hand-" Juck, you and I oan never ouroplam ol onr look again. Now heap up a lew Btones where w. are standing. That's" ? right. Now we mast fix my nigc- post firmly in »t the top. Thero I It would take a strong wind to blow that down, and we' only need it to hold out till morning. Oh, Jack, my buy, to think that only yesterday we wero talking of becoming clerks, and yon sayiog that no man knew what was awaiting him, too 1 By Jove, Jack, it would mako a good story I" . By this time wo bad firmly fixed the per pendicular stink in between two large stoneB ; and Tom bent down and peered along the horizontal one. For fully a quarter of au hour hu was alternately ralslt-j; and depress ing it, until atlast, with a sigh of satisfac tion, he fixed.?be prop into tbs augie, aud stood up. "Dook along, Jcok," ' he said. " You have as straight an ey» to take a sight as any man I know of." I looked along. There,' beyoud the further sight, was* tho ruddy aointillatlug spook, apparently at the end of tho etiok itself, so accurately had it been adjusted. " And now,' my boy," said Tom, " let's havo sume snppi'r, and a sleep; There's nothing moro to be done to-night ; bnt we'll nood all our wits and strength to-morrow. Get Bunio stioks, aud kindlo a fire boro, aud then we'll be able to keep un eye on our signal post, and geo that nothing happens to it during the night." Well, sir, wo kindled a fire, and had supper, with the Su-saesa demon's eye Toll ing and glowing in front of .us the whole night through. Not always in the samo place, though; for alter supper, when I gláncod along the sights to have another look at it, it was nowhere to bo seen, Th» information, did not, however, seem to dis turb Tom in any way. He merely re marked :' " It's the moon, not the thing, that has shifted;" and, coiling himself up, went to sleep. . By early dawn we were both up, and gazing along our pointer at the clift'; but we could mako out nothing Bave the one dead, monotonous, slaty surface, rougher perhaps at the part we wore examining than elsewhere, but ' otherwise presenting nothing remarkable. "Now for your idea. Jack," said . Tom Donahue, unwinding a long, thin cord from round his waist. "You fasten it, and guido mo while I take tho other ond." So Baying, bo walked off to tho base of the cliff, holding one end of tho cord, while I drow the other taut, and wound it round the middle of the horizontal stick, passing it through the eight at the end. By thiB means I could direct Tom to the right or left, until ..we bad our string stretch ing from tho point of attachment, through the eight, and on to the rock, whioh it ptruck about eight feet from tho ground. Tom drew a chalk circle of about three feet diameter round the spot, and then oallod to me to come and join bim. " We've' rnanau.ed this business together, ' Jflok," be said, "and we'll find what-we are to find, tugotuer." The oiiole he had drawn ern braoed a part of tho rook smoother than tho rest, save that about tho centro there- were u few rough protuberances or knobs. One of those Tom pointed to with a cry pf delight. It was a roughish, brownish muss about thu size ul a mun's closed fist, and looking like .a-bit of dirty glass let into the-wall of ibo 'olifl. " That's it," he oried-" thut's it?" " That's what ?" " Why, man, a diamond, and snob, u one as there isn't a mocaron in Europa but would envy Tom Donahno the possession of. Up with your orow-Unr, and wo'll soon exeroise the demon of Sasassh Valley 1" I was so astounded that for a moment I ' stood 8pceoliless with surprise, gazing ot the treasure willoh had BO unexpectedly fallen into our hands. - . .± "Here, hand ino tho crow-bar," said Tom, "Now, hy using this Jittlo round knob whioh projects from tho ohlf hore, us a fulorurh, we may bo able to lover it off. Yes j there it goo». I never thought it could have como BO easily. Kow, Jack, the sooner wo got back to our hut, and then down to Capo Town, the better." We wrapped up our treasure, and rcudo our way across tho hills toward home. On tho way Tom told mo how, whilo a law student in the Middlu Temple, hu hail coma upon a dusty pamphlet in tho library, by ono JUBB van Honnym, which told of an experience very similar to ours, whioh had befalloa that worthy Dutchman in the latter part of tho seventeenth contury, and which resulted in tho discovery of a luminous diamond. This talo it was which had como into Tom's head as ho listened to honest Diok Wharton's ghost story; while the means wlvch. ho had adopted to verify his supposition sprang from hi» own fertile Irish brain. "We'll tako it down to Cipo Town," continued Tom, " and if . we can't dispose of it with advantage there, it will be worth our while to ship for London with it. Let us go along to Madison's first, though, ho knows something of these things, and can perhaps give u3 soino idoa of what we may consider a fair prico for our treasure." Wo turned off from tho track accordingly, beforo reaching our hut, and kept along 'tho narrow path leading to Madison's farm. He was nt lunch when we entered ; and in a minute wo were seated at each sido of him, enjoying South African hos pitality. "Well," ho said, after the servants were gone, " what's in the wind now f I BOO you havo something to suy to mo. What is it?" Tom produced his packet, and solemnly untied tho handkerchiefs which enveloped it. "Thora !" be said, patting his crystal on tho table ; " what would yon say waB a iair prico for that ?" Madison took it np and oxaminod it criti cally. . ?,' "Well," he Baid, laying it down ogain, "in its orude state.-iabout twelve shillings , per ton." ,'.".. "Twelie ehilliDgs !" oried Torn, starting to his feet. *'Don't you Sui- wuai it isP" , "Bock-salt." i "Kook fiddle 1-a diamor-'l." " Taste it," eaid Madison. Tom pnt it to his lips, dashed it flown with : -, a dreadful exclamation, unù rushed out of the room. I felt Bad and disnppointo.i enough myself ; but presontly remembering what Tom had said about the pistol, I too left tho house, and made fflr tho hut, leaving Madison open- ? mouthed with astoniabmoul. When I got . . iu I fonud Tom lying in bia bunk with his faoo to tho wall, too disaplrited , . . apparently to anawar, my consolations., Anathematising Dick and Madison, tho ' Sasassa demon, and . everything oise,' I" ,., :, Tjtrolled oat of tho' hut, ana refreshed my self with a pipe after our wearisome,ad-. venture.* I was about fifty yards' away' from thtf hut, when I heard issuing from it the sound whioh of all others 1 least ex- ; <. -, pooted to hear. Hud it beoh a groan or an '.'..: oath, I should have taken it as a mittnr of . ;. :?'':" oourso; but the sound which caused mo to stop and take the pipo out of my mouth .??< wau a hearty roar of laughter! Next, moment Tom emerged from tho door, his whole faoe radiant with delight. , " Gauio for another ten-mile walk, .old fellow P", . ?What! for another lump of rook-salt, at twelve shillings a toa?" v : '"No more of that, Hal, an' you lovo ino,"' grinned Tom. ,^'Nbw, look hore. Jack. What blessed fools we are, to ,bo:so floored by a trifle I Just sit on this stump : ' for five minutes, and ? I'll mako it aa olear ÜB daylight. You've seen .many a lump of rook-salt stuck in a dag, and BO. havo I, 1: though .we did make such a mull of this > . one..- Now, Jack, did any of the pieooa^you ' i. ; havo ever : seen , shine in the darkness brightor, than any fire-fly í" , 4 " Well, I oan't say they ever did.". .?. "I'd venture to prophesy that "if we waited until night, whioh wo won't do, we would see . that light still gUuroieriug amoog the rooks; > Therefore, Jaok, when wo took uwuy thiB worthless atilt, wo took th» wrong oryetal. -I' 0 is no vary htraugo thing itt these hills that a pieoo of rook-áuit should bu lying within a foot of a diamond. It oaught oar eyes, and : ', . ? we were exalted, and so wo made foolB of1 , ' ourselves, and left the.. real ttone behind. " ? Depend upon it, JHCK, the SssaBsa .gam is. lying within that magie oirolo pf chalk upon ? ' the laos of yonder cliff. Come, old follow,-' .< light your pipe and stow your revolver, and we'll bo off before that fellow Madison -baa : time to put two and two together." . ,: I don't know that I WBB very>snuguino thia-' timo. I had begun, in fact, lo look upon tho - diamond as a most unmitigated nuisance. - However, rather than throw a damper on - Tom's expeotntiouB, I auuoanoed : myself . «ager to start. What a walk it was ! Tom-'.. was always a good mountaineer, bnt his-' excitement seemed to lend him winga that il..y, while I scrambled along after him as \ - hi.Bt I oonld. When we got within half a' milo he broke into tho " doable," and never pulled ap until he reached tho round white v : oirolo npon tho cliff. . Poor old Tom I when I - ' ojuio np his mood had olmngod, and he was" ol HU.ling with his hands iu his. pockatg,-, ??"-'> gazing vaoantry before him- with a molal . ,.'? ... oountenunoe .'" . ,, .. ?> - " Look I" ha said-"lookI" and he pointed - at ina olifl. Not .a Bign of anything in > the ltast resembling a diamond thoro. Tho circle iuoluded nothing bat fiat, olato-ooloared : stone, with ons large hole, whore we bad ox- ¡ traoted the rook-salt, and one or two smaller ? dupiessiona. No sign of tho gem. . "I've beon.over every hush of it," said poon Toni. " It's not there. Some,one has boen linr.- and noticed the chalk, and taken it. 'Come hame,' Jaok; I feol siok-and tired. , Oh! had any maa ever luok Uko mino I" I tamed to go, but tock ono last look, at the cliff first. Tom was already ten pacsaoft. v " Hallo 1" I oried, "don't you soo any,' . . chinga in that oirolu sinos yesterday V' ? ??? I' What d'ye mean ?" Enid Tom, ..? "Don't you mies a thing that was there> . beforo?" " Tho rook-aalt ?" said Tom. o "No; bat the little round knob that wo.- - . nsed for a fulcrum. I sappoBs we mast have - wrocohod it off in using the levor. liefs ?' hove a look al what it's'made of."; , * Aooordingly, at. the foot of the cliff we searched about among the loose etonos. , ? "Here you sre, Jacki Wo've done'it at '1 ', '" last! Wo'ro mude men !" > ' : I turned round, and there waa Tom radiant , with delight, and with a little oorner of blaok' ' rook in his hand. At firjt eight>'t seemed to ? ho merely a ohip from tho olifl ; bat noar the ; base there waa projooting from it an objoot whioh Tom was nov/exultingly pointing out. . Ic looked at first something liku a glass oyo ; bat there wus a dopth and brilliancy about it Bach us glasB never exhibited. Thorowas np rniatake this time; we had cortainly got - Y possession of a jewel of -great value ;. and. with light boorin wo turned from tho valloy, . " bearing away with us tho " fiend" which had > , ; . solong reigo.ed Ibero. , ? ; r Thero, Bir, I've Bpun my story ont too long, , -.'? -, u.; and tired you, perhaps. You eoe, when I got talking of those rough old days, I kind of 1 soe tho little cabin'again, and tho brook beside it, aud tho bash around, and Boom to . hear TOUI'B honest voioo onoo moro. There's . ' littlo for me to say now. Wo prosporod on tho gum. Tour Donahue, aa yon kuow, hnD nut, up boru, a-d is well known about town. I havo dont) woll,' terming and ofltrioh ruising in Africa. Wc ROS old Dick Wharton up in business, and he ia ono of our nearost neighbours. If you should ever bo coming 1 up our way, sir, you'll not forget to auk for Jaok Turnbull-Juck Turnbull of Saflasea Farm, ? . Por-Urs.-Two f¡'i;n, wuil ucatun; two . teacupful* of milk, »nd flour enougu to make .' a thin batter; firrt mix toge th tr thu flour und milk smoothly; just when thoy aro . ready to go into thu oven nd<l tho tgga, beaten very light ¡ fill earthen teacups hali full of the butter, with a small lump of butt»r ou the top; pince thy cups on a .? dripping-pan and büke lu n hot oven. They . are to bo oaten w(th butter und Jwugsr, or a : ?weet saug», . . , , ? .-, ...tV.i'i'." 