Our Paris Letter. » . ' (From our own. Correspondent.) July 31. We are ia the height of the silly season, the working men's congress without work, men has cloBed its lunatic seances, the last being represented only by a chair man and a self-appointed committee, who prided themselves on their name—" anarchic socialists," and really expressive as their perfect cures for the ills of laboz, conaiste in dynamite to blew up "the legislature, and rifles in the hands of workmen, who would demand from the well-to-do," your money or your life.'* These social filibusters, innocent of sense as of cash, appear to represent only themselves, as.several of the trade guilds have officially signified they had neither connection nor sympathy with the pseudo- congress. Hie moral of the affair is this: if the laboring classes desire henceforth to have their, grievances seriously examined, they mast eschew farce, tragedy, and professional international agitators; state distinctly what is wrong, and shape, in a political form, the remedial propositions. There -is nothing to prevent artizana forming co-operative associations, and they are free to compete for all contracts on giving the necessary security of ability to execute. But they have no capital and bankers lend only to the rich, like private individuals: the State cannot advance funds to any special class, all it can do is to secure a free field for every industrial enterprise, whether undertaken by poor or rich. Bochefort iB making agonising efforts to fill the public eye, and in which he succeeds, though not in the way he expected. Peadr ing that he is cast aside by the populace* whose wild and violent passions he flatters, their idol for the moment endeavors to be like Mgaro, here, there, and everywhere— he presides at a conference, to celebrate atheism ; at a punch," to drink to the martys of the Commune, at a banquet, where ultra-radicalism is toasted, and the fallen of the Commune pledged in hand-shaking and kissing, vowed to be revenged. Bochefort is evidently uneasy on the pinnacle to which wild and designing men have pitchforked him; but the higher he goes the more profound will be his falL The pnblic treats with indifference and laughter his Utopias and paradoxes; he furnishes no new ideas; it is the same air, ground on the same barre organ. He has been challenged to precis his programme ; he promised to do so, but did not. But he thinks he is majestic because he abuses Gamhetta ; indeed his own party begun to feel fatigued at this monotony of billingsgate, which opinion accepts as so much fun—cartoons in^letter-press* Bochefort blames the Government for not separating Church from State; this is a matter not for thie Bepublic, but for. public opinion to solve, and is* Burround^drby-great difficulties. The SwiBS democrats hating recently in a plebiscite, plumped against such a separation, their French/rere; ought to well consider such a step. There is nothing unnatural in the clerico-monarchal journals applauding" Bpchefort's attacks against the Bepublic : bnt the nation understands both classes of irreconcilables. Btchefort eulogises the communists, and would canonize its " inartyrs j" happily France thinks otherwise. In the dangerous path Bochefort is how treading he ought to remember like a Banquo's ghost, that-it was the Bepublic stamped oat the insurrection of Miarch 1871, and that preaching a war of the poor against the rich, he will soon be caught between the hammer and the anvil- France, at the first Berlin Congress, was the Champion of Greece, and by her advocacy, secured for the Hellenes an* extension of frontiers, which the late Conference has confirmed, by calling upon Turkey to act Islamism refuses, fully aware, that so long as the allied fleet does not land men, the naval demonstration is like so many painted ships upon a painted ocean - No one doubt?, that the Turks can arrive at Athens—even if the Greeks attempt a forcible possession of the new frontiers—in the course of a fortnight ; they are capable even of punishing the tributary states if they, commence hostilities, for the dying lion can give still some terrible blows with his paw. But will all the allies remain simple spectators at the massacres; no one believes in such a neutrality. Fraace having pushed Greece forward, declines to sacrifice a -franc or a brave for either Greek or Turk; some of the journals call this wisdom itself, the mors chivalrous, sneaking and humiliating for their diplomacy. The French Government is the promoter and sponsor of the question of the Greek frontiers ; if it takes-part in the naval demonstration noblesse oVfcge that it defend her protege by sometjjnng more than sentiment, against the>liizarn8 and bachibazonks. If not, la Itepubliqwc <?cst la paw—at any price. The profit made on the following Hues of railway during 1879-89 was as follows;— AdeUide and Semaphore line 7*59 percent.; Adelaide, Hallet and Motgan line 4*13 per cent.; Hamley, Port Wakefield, Wallaroo and Snnwtown Una o 4.0 .pet cent. ; Port Pirie aad Jamestown line 11*14 per cent. All die other lines show a loss. The Victorian Government proposes to issue Treasury Bills for £500,000 to meet pressing contingencies. " - * ; Measles have broken out^amongst the black* at lapeKDuse, Botany Bay. A party of men made £22 per man, at Temora, last week, and this week they expect to make £100 each. The double line of Railway fieom Adelaide to Port AddaitUgwai used for the first time on Tuesday. : Heavy floods were experienced in Victoria last week and a great amount of damage was done, especially in the Geelong and CKppdoad districts. A sun fish weighing nearly half a ton was caught at Port Augusta last week. Mr. E. Ward has been appointed Secretary and shorthand writer lo ihe Wharfs Commission. . t:•...- . Vanxhall Station oh the South-Westem Railway, England, was the aecne of a serious railway on Suhdsy, September 12 th. Two trains ran into each other, "and were almost _ completely destroyed, and thirty-firar passengers were killed or serioudy injiued. The redactions contemplated by the Vietorian Ministry will not affect salaries of £200a year ; up to £700 die redaction is to be 10 per cent* and above that amount 15 per cent, ' Baby Lakein Nevada, whicheight yean ago |; was20 mile&kmg; and two wide, and very deep in places, has entirelr disappeared. The canae 