The Storyteller. A Florentine Experiment. BY CONSTANCE FENIMORE WOOLSON, in the Atlantic Monthly. (Continued from last itsue.) COUNTRIES attract us in different ways. We are comfortable in England, musical in Germany, amused in Paris (Paris is a country), and idyllic in Switzerland; but, when it comes to the affeotion, Italy holds the heart,—we keep going back to her. Miss Harrison, sitting in her carriage on the heights of Bello Sguardo, was thinking this as she gazed down upon Florence, and the valley below. It was early in the next autumn,—the last of September; and she was alone. A phaeton passed her and turned down the hill; but she had recognised ita occupant as he passed, and called his name : "Mr. Morgan ?" He turned, saw her, bowed, and after a moment's hesitation ordered his driver to stop, sprang out, and came back to apeak to her. " How in the world do yon happen to be in Florence at this time of year?" she said cordially, giving him her hand. " There isn't a soul in the place." " That is the reason I came." " And the reason we did, too," she said, laugh* ing. " I am delighted to have met you; one soul is very acceptable. Tou must come and see me immediately. I hope you are going to stay." " Thankß ; you are very kind. But I leave to* morrow morning." _" Then you must come to- night; come to dinner at 7. It is impossible you should have another engagement when there is no one to be engaged to,—unless it be the pictures ; I believe they do not go away for the summer." " I really have an engagement, Miss Harrison; you are very kind, but I am forced to decline." " Dismiss your carriage, then, and drive back with me; I will set you down at your hotel. It will be a visit of some sort" He obeyed. Mias Harrison's fine hones started, and moved with alow stateliness down the wind* ing road, where the beggars had not yet begun to congregate ; it was not "the season" for the beggars, they were still at the seashore. Miss Harrison talked on various subjects. They had been in Switzerland and it had rained con tinuously ; they had seen nothing but for. They had come over the St Gothard and their carriage had broken down. They had been in Venice and h%d found malaria there. They had been in Padua, Verona, and Bologna, and all three had become frightfully modern and iconoclastic. Nothing was in the least satisfactory, and Margaret had not been well; she was quite anxious about her. Mr. Morgan "hoped" that it waa nothing serious. " I don't know whether it is or not," replied Mias Harrison. " Margaret is rather a serious sort of a person. I think." She looked at him, as if for confirmation ; but he did not pursue the subject Instead, he asked after her own health. "Ob, I am as usuaL It is only your real invalids who are always well; they enjoy their poor health, you know. And what have you been doing since I last saw you ? I hope nothing out of the way. Let me see,—Trieste and Taraicon ; you have probably been in—Transylvania ?" " That would be somewhat out of the way. wouldn't it ? But I have not been there; I have been in various nearer places, engaged rather systematically in amusing myself." " Did you succeed T If you did you are a man of genius. One must have a rare genius, I think, to amuse one's self in that way at forty. Of course I mean thirty.five, you know ; but forty is a better conversational word,—it classifies. And you were amused ?" " Immensely." " So muoh so that yon have to come to Florence in September to rest after it I" "Yes." Miss Harrison talked on. He listened, and made the necessary replies. The carriage entered the city, crossed the Curraja bridge, and tuined towards his hotel. "Can you not come for half-an-hour this evening, after your engagement is over?" she said. " I shall be all alone, for Margaret cannot be there before midnight; she went into the country this morning with Madame Fern—some sort of iftte at a villa, a native Florentine affair. You have not asked much about her, I think, considering how constantly you were with her last spring," she added, looking at him calmly. " I have been remiss ; pardon it" ."It is only forgetfulneas, of course. That is not a fault nowadays ; it is a virtue, and, what is more, highly fashionable. But there is one little piece of news I must toll you about my niece; she is going to be married." " That is not little; it is great Please present to her my sincere good wishes and congratula tions." " I am sorry you cannot present them your* self. But at least you can come and see me for a little while this evening—say about 10. The grandson of your grandfather should be very civil to old Ruth Harrison for old times' sake." Here the carriage stopped at his door. " Remem ber,—l shall expect you," she said as he took leave. At about the hour she had named, he went to see her ; he found her alone, knitting. It was one of her idiosyncrasies to knit stockings " for the poor." No doubt there were " poor" enough to wear them ; but as she made a great many, and as they were always of children's size and black, her friends sometimes thought, with a kind of amused dismay, of the regiment of little funereal legs running about, for which she waa responsible. He had nothing especial to say, his intention was to remain the shortest tame possible; he could see the haoda of the dock, and he noted their progress, every now and then, through the 20min. he had Bet for himself. Miss Harrison talked on various subjects, but said nothing more concerning her niece; nor did he, on his side, ask a question. After a while she came to fashions in art. "It is the most ourious thing," abe said, " how people obediently follow each other along a particular road like a flock of sheep, no matter what roads, equally good and possibly better, open to the right and the left. Now there are the wouderfully ttpirited frescoes of Masaccio at the Carmine, frescoes which were studied and copied by Raphael him self and Michael Angelo. Yot that church has no vogue ; it v not fashionable to go there; Ruskin has not written a maroon- colored pamphlet about it, and Baedeker gives it but a scant quarter-page, while the other churches have three and four. Now it seems to me that"— But what it seemed, Motgan never knew, because here she paused as the door opened. 11 Ah, there is Margaret after all," she said. " I did not expect her for three hours." Miss Stowe came across the large room, throw ing back her white shawl and taking off her little plumed bat as she came. She did sot perceive that any one was present save her aunt; the light was not bright and the visitor sat in the Bhadow. "It was very stupid," she said. "Do not urge me to go again." And then she saw him. He rose, and bowed. After an instant's delay she spoke his name, and put out her hand, which ,he took as formally as she gave it. Miss Harrison was voluble. She was "so pleased that Margaret had returned earlier than was expected; she was " so* pleased" that the visitor happened to be still there. She seemed indeed to be pleased with everything, and talked for them both ; in truth, save for replies to her questions, they were quite silent The visitor remained but a short quarter of an hour, and then took leave, ■»ying good-bye at the same time, since he was to go early in the morning. "To Trent ?" said Miaa HarrUon. "To Tadmor, I think, this time," be answered, imiling. The next morning opened with a dull gray rain. Morgan was late in rising, missed his train, and was obliged to wait until the afternoon. About 11 he went out, under an umbrella, and after a while, tired of the constant signals •nd clattering following* of the hackmen, who could not comprehend why a rich foreigner should walk, he went into the Duomo. The vast church, never light even on a bright day, mm now sombre, almost dark, the few little twinkling tapers, like stars, on an altar at the upper end, only serving to make the darkness more visible. He walked down to the closed western entrance, across whose wall outside ri3es elowly, day by day, the new fac<ide under its straw-work screen. Here he stood still, looking up the dim expanse, with the dusky shadows, like great winged formless ghosts, hovering over him. One of the south doors, the one near the ohoir, was open, and through it a slender ray of wray daylight came in, and tried to cross the floor. But its courage soon failed in that breadth and gloom, and it died away before it had gone ten feet. A blind beggar sat in a chair at this entrance, his patient face faintly outlined against the ray; there seemed to be no one else in the church save the sacristan, whose form could be dimly seen moving about, renewing the lights burning before the far-off chapels. The solitary visitor strolled back and forth in the shadow. After a while he noted a figure entering through the ray. It was that of a woman ; it had not the outlines of the usual church-beggar; it did not steop or cringe ; it was erect and slender, and stepped lightly ; it was coming down towards the western end, where he was pacing to and fro. He stopped and stood still, watching it. It continued to approach,—and at last brushed against him. Coming in from the daylight, it could see nothing in the heavy shadow. "Excuse me, Miss Stowe," he said ; " I shoutd have spoken. My eyes are accustomed to this light, and I recognised you ; but of course you could not see me." She had started back as she touched him; now ■he moved away still farther. "It is grandly solitary hero on a rainy day, isn't it ?" he continued. " I used often to come here during a storm. It makes one feel as if already disembodied,—as if he were a shade, wandering on the gray unknown outskirts of another world." She had now recovered herself, and, turning, began to walk back towards the ray at the upper door. He accompanied her. put the Duomo is vast, and cannot be crossed in a minute. He went oa talking about the shadows; then stopped. " I am glad of this opportunity to give you my good wishes, Miss Stowe," he said, as they went onward. " I hope you will be quite happy." " I hope the same, certainly," she answered. " Yet I fail to see any especially new reason for good wish6s from you, just at present." "Ah, you do not know that I know. But Miss Harrison told me yesterday,—told me that you were soota to be married. If you have never forgiven me, in the light of your present happi ness I think yon should do so now." She had stopped. "My aunt told you ?" she said, while he was still speaking. But now, as he paused, she walked on. He could not see her face ; although approaching the ray, they were still in the shadow, and her head was turned from him. "As to forgiveness, it is I who should ask for giveness from you," she said, after some delay, during which there was no sound but their foot steps on the mosaic pavement "Yes, you were very harsh. But I forgave you long ago. I was a dolt, and deserved your sharp words. But I want very much to hear you say that you forgive me." " There is nothing to forgive." " That is gently spoken. It is yonr marriage present to me, and 1 feel the better for it" A minute later they had reached the ray, and the door. He could see her face now. M How ill you look 1" he said, involuntarily. " I noticed it last evening. It is not conventional to say so, but it is at least a real regret He should take better care of you." The blind beggar, hearing their footsteps, had pot ont his hand. "Do not go yet," said Morgan, giving him a franc. "See how it is raining outside. Walk with me once around the whole interior for the sake of the pleasant part of our Florentine days,—for there waa a pleasant part; it will be our last walk together." She assented silently, and they turned into the Bhadow again. " I am going to make a confession," he Baid, as they passed the choir ; "it can make no difference now, and I prefer that you should know it I did not realise it myself at the time, but I see now—that ib, I have discovered Bince yesterday—that I was in love with you, more or leas, from the beginning." She made no answer, and they passed under Michael Angelo's grand unfinished statue, and came around on the other side. "Of course I was fascinated with Beatrice ; in one way I was her slave. Still, when I said to you that • Forgive me ; I am in love with some one else,' I really think it was more to see what you would say or do than any feeUni* of loyalty to her." Again she said nothing. They went down the north aisle. "I wish you would tell me," he said, leaving the subject of himself and turning to her, " that you are fully and really happy in this marriage of yours. I hope you ore, wifh all my heart; but I should like to hear it from your own lips." She made a gesture as if of refusal; but he went on. "Of course, I know I have no right; I ask it as a favor." They were now in deep obscurity, almost dark ness ; but something seemed to tell him that she was suffering. "You are not going to do that wretched thing, — marry without love?" he said, stopping abruptly. "Do not, Margaret, do not! I know you better than you know yourself, and you will not be able to bear it. Some women can ; but you could not. You have too deep feelings— too"— He did not finish the sentence, for she had turned from him suddenly, and was walking across the dusky space in the centre of the great temple whose foundations were so grandly laid Biz centuries ago. But he followed her aud stopped her, almost by force, taking both her hands in hia. "You must not do this," he said; " you must not marry in that way. It is dangerouß ; it is horrible ; for you, it is a crime." Then, as he stood close to her and saw two tears well over and drop from her averted eyes, " Margaret! Margaret!" he said, " rather than that, it would have been better to have married even me." She drew her hands from bis, and covered her face ; she was weeping. "Is it too late 1" he whispered. "Is there a possibility — I love you very deeply," he added. And, cold and indifferent as Florence considered him, his voice was broken. When they came round to the ray again, he gave the blind beggar all the small change he had about him ; the old man thought it was a paper golconda. " You owe me another oirouit," he said j "you did not speak through fully half of the last one." So they went around a second time. " Tell me when you first began to think about me," he said, as they passed the choir. " Was it when you read that letter ?" " It was an absurd letter." " On the contrary, it was a very good one, and you know it. You have kept it ?" " No ; 1 burned it long ago." " Not ho very long ! However, never fear; I will write you plenty more, and even better ones. I will go away on purpose." They croksed the east end, under the great dome, and came around on the other side. " You said some bitter things to me in that old amphitheatre, Margaret; I shall always bate the place. But after all - for a person who was quite indifferent—were you not just a little too •■gry f" " It is easy to say that now," she answered. They went dowa the north aisle. " Why did you stop, and leave the loom so abruptly, when you were singing that song I asked for, you know,—tho Semper Fidelis ?" " My voice failed." "No ; it was your courage. You knew then that you were no longer ' fidelis' to that former love of yours, and you were frightened by the discovery." They reached the dark south end. " And now, as to that former love." be naid, pausing, "I will never ask yon again ; but here and now, Margaret, tell me what it was." "It was not 'a fascination,'—like yours," she answered. " Do not be impertinent, especially in a church. Mrs. Lovell was not my only fascination, I beg to assure you ; remember, I am thirty-six years old. But now, —what was it ?" " A mistake." " Good ; but I want more." " It was a will-o'-the-wisp that I thought was real." " Better ; but not enough." "You ask too much, I think." " I shall always ask it; I am horribly selfish ; I warn you beforehand that I expect everything in the most relentless way." " Well, then,—it was a fancy, Trafford, that I mistook for"— And the Duomo alone knows how the sentence was ended. As they passed, for the third time, on their way towards the door, the mural tablet to Giotto, Morgan paused. "I have a «ort of feeling that I owe it to the old fellow," he Baid. " I have always been his faithful disciple, and now he has rewarded me with a benediction. On the next high-festival, hia tablet shall be wreathed with the reddest of roses and a thick bank of heliotrope, as an acknowledgment of my gr ttitude." It was; and no one ever knew why. If it had been in " the season," the enquiring tourists would have been rendered distracted by the impossibility of finding out; but to the native Florentines attending mass at the cathedral, to whom the Latin inscription, " I am he through whom the lost Art of Painting was revived." remains a blank, it was only a tribute to some departed friend." " Aud be is as moch my friend as though he had not departed something over fite centuries ago," eaid Tmfford ; "of that I am convinced." *' I wonder if he knows any batter, now, how to paint an angel from the Bky," replied Margaret. " Have you any idea why Miss Harrison in vented that enormous fiction about you ?" he said, as they drove homeward. 11 Not the least. We must ask her." They found her in her easy-chair, beginning a new stocking. " I thought you were in Tadmor," she said, as Trafford came in. " I started ; but came back to ask a question. Why did you tell me that this young lady was going to be married ?" " Well, isn't she?' Baid Mias Harrison, laugh ing. "Sit down, you two, and confess your folly. Margaret has been ill all summer with absolute pining,—yes, you have, child, and it is a woman's place to be humble. And you, Trafford, did not look especially jubilant, either, for a man who has been immensely amused during the same space of time. I did what I could for you by inventing a. sort of neutral ground upon which you could meet and Bpeak. It is very neutral for the other man, you know, when the girl is going to married ; he can Bpeak to her then as well as not I I was afraid last night that you were not going to take advantage of my in vention ; but I see that it hab succeeded (in some mysteriouß way out in all this rain) better than I knew. It was, I think," she concluded, as she commenced on a new needle, " a sort of experiment of mine, —a Florentine experiment." Trafford burst into a tremendous laugh, in which, after a moment, Margaret joined. "I don't know what you two are laughing at," Baid hLiaa ' Harrison, surveying them. " I should think you ought to be more sentimental, you know." "To confess all the truth, Annt Ruth," "aid Trafford, going across and sitting down beside her, " Margaret and I have tried one or two of thoße experiments already!" iTHB END.) 