FBOFBSSOR PBPPEB-S XNTERTADf- SENTS. . That Professor Pepper's great reputation" "as a popular scientific lecturer had preceded him was most amply proved by the very large audience who assembled on Tuesday evening in our Town -hall to listen to the. first of his lectures and watch bis beautiful; RjtpunmuubB) whi uurmg lug lorcy-oaR years he has been before the -public -it- m&yeafely-; be'eufflie never secured more attentive" hearers. Professor Pepper has been publicly identir'ed' with scientific experiments amce" be was seventeen years of age, when be com menced -to lecture at .the old -Westminster Literary and Scientific Institute, and sub sequently At .a sunilsr institution inlshngton. He gained his chief renown in connection with ' the Polytechnic Institution, which has ever since been one of the most favorite places of publfeTOtort4n-tee metropolis <of-<the "worlds and has -been- the -means of imparting .more- praoticai scientific knowledge to the rising generation than ray other known institution. And the. -credit of this belongs solely to the gnnHsman -who is now bop- oaring Hamiltoa with his presence, for it was at bis suggestion that ,"xhd Poly technic" waa bufltby the latet)nke-bf Portland from planB drawn by -Professor Pepper's father under the supervision of the Professor himself, who subsequently under took .the management. Ever on the alert, ' no scientific discovery, capable of practical illustration, was tnadn -but was' immediately seised pponby the FrMesaaiaudJiiridly ex plained to the large andiencos jliat day after day for A long seriea' df veara 'assembled to \- listen to his lectures ; nor was be behindhand himself in adding to the Cat of discoveries, as exemplified by tee mysterious Protean " Cabinet, the, Aiitdm»tisljeotard, tee Decapi- tated Head, and last, bnt not'larit, Pepper's , Ghost,- thra. which a .more clever optical : delnsion was , never known. "Hda being the " caseit was - ho- matter '-'for surprise that tee ' hall should be filled from floor to ceiling, or teat" many Bhorildbave travelled over twenty miles tp attend the lecture. The Professor's style is pleating and impressive, and bis illustrations are so perfectly carried dut and ' luridly explained as tobe easily understood by the dullest of. minds; indeXitm safely be said teat more cra be learnt in an hour abont' .tee' subjects eh rildar' he choroes "to" discourae, than- rauld be to . effectivtiy understood by" .scientific works re- labng to teem, aadwg jnthafely venture to «! W sot » boy or girl present -who will not remember for" many years to oome, many of the causes and effects so tellingly exposed. Nor could they but have beeu impressed by the reverential manner in which so able a man referred to the genius of Sir Isaac Newton and Dr. Young, and the scientific discoveries of other men. and at the same time indulged in no egotistical remarks about bis own contributions to the world's knowledge. The first portion of the lecture was devoted to " light and optics." Vibra tory motion was satisfactorily explained, and for the first time many were able to gain a correct idea of tee working of the electric telegraph and tee telephone. Nothing, per haps, created more surprise than the an nouncement that sounds had shapes, but thiB was most conclusively proved by means of Tisley's compound pendulum, which showed on tee canvas screen tee oscillations pro duced by harmony and discord, Ac. The definition and nature of light were illustrated by beautiful experiments, aa also the sympathetic vibrations of light, the cadaveroas hue of tee Professor's face whilst the mono-chromatic flame, which sympathises ' only ' with yellow, evok ing roars of laughter, which quickly changed to applause, when, by bringing the lime-light to bear, he promptly brought about a for more attractive state' of affairs. As some expressed a wish to know bow the first flame was produced, it may be stated it was by igniting sodium and alcohol, whilst the brilliant experiment introduced to show tee great heat of the sun avals, affected by burn ing Bessemer steel of tee best qimlity, the carbon flying off in sparks, making qnite a pyrotechnical display. Space does - not per mit our dwelling at greater length upon this portion of the lecture. The second part related to " Torpedo warfare," in which tee history of tee torpedo was graphically pour- trayed on the large canvass screen, from the first infernal submarine machine invented by Fulton, at tee cloee of last eeutury; down, to - those ingenious engines of destruction in vented by .Whitehead and (the young Vic torian, Mr. Breunan. Allnding to teelatter, Professor Pepper expressed a hope -teat the " War Committee," which is constantly sitting in' England, would give Uie Brennan torpedo a trial, as, in bis, tee-professor's, opinion, ft was a decided success, and he wound up by saying " Mr. Brennan is a most original and talented young engineer," a re mark that took immensely -with tee young colonials in the room. The entertainment, concluded with Beale's amnsing optical delusion .of "The Dancing Skeleton" and sent the audience,' who had frequently ap plauded the lecturer, well plesaed away. During the evening selections of music were played by' Mr, Pepper; jun., Mr. Fulton ably assisted with the .experiments, and the agent, Mr. Medcalf, deserves a meed' of praise for the excellent plan adopted by hi in tee reservation of .seats, the names of tee owners being written thereon; so that all mistakes and confusion were avoided. . 