IS THE CHURCH OF ROME PART OF THE CHURCH OF CHRIST? (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard:) > . Dea.r. Sirs,- —I hope that. this letter. will have a place in: your Christian paper. -T have read carefully Dr. Hodge's article- on the Church ; and I say, advisedly, that the Church of Rome is not a branch of Christ's true Church. I don't call Rome, with the Pope at the head; a Church in the sense that she belongs to Christ ;; for Church may be applied to any assembly, either for temporal affairs or spiritual. In the first- sense she is a Church, but an apostate Church : she has forfeited from man as well as God such a right. My remarks -are not -applicable to individuals in her,.' but I deny that she teaches the way to Heaven.-' I admit that she has some features of Christ's Church, but they are so defaced, so distorted and perverted, that Christ is dislodged from His true position as a Saviour-; that by her doctrines she leads people to liell instead of to heaven. Rome was at one time a true church, as St. .Paul's epistlo to the Romans attests, but thoso peculiar features constituting her a true church oannot now be discerned; through obliteration. Sho had in her composition, somo marks of a true church, which sho retains. ;to the present day. Spiritually she retains a belief in the Trinity, Christ as Saviour, Holy Ghost as : sahctifior, but these are so daubed with untempered mortar, that -Bhe lias little or- no resemblance to the Roman Church in St. Paul's day. Sho contradicts God. The Bible teaches us, that "the blood of Christ . cleanses from all- sin," but she says no, for we must go through Purgatory. Christ says, " Come unto Me all who- aro weary, See," but she says no, wo must go to angels, tho:Virgin Mary. God says, that " He so_ loved tlio world that Ho gayo His only Son to die forsinners," butRomesays, no, wo must get- tho absolution of a priest, bo anointed, &o.;, . The Bible tells us that Clirist is in 'heaven, as He' ascended, and .will remain there until the consummation of all things at the last day. Rome says no ; but He may be brought down from; heaven, and - cuter a little flour and water, and into; wine, to be de voured: by His Creatures! ' The ceremonies of tho so-called Roman Church are the absurd resuscita tion of Jewish -ceremonies when they wore only typical, and of Pagan - ones' not; even typical, but now that : type ' is' ended; -by - our ..- blessed Saviour's advent into this '.world, turning back to these: vain forms are damnable and heathenish and idolatrous. - There': ara ia ' the Roman Church so many doctrine's - and wain "forms, that she has forfeited , the claims- of a church that leads her followers to heaven : she seems to be. in same condition as tho Galatian Church, " Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, and be not entangled; again- with ; : the., yoke - of bondage. Behold,:;!, Paul;, say unto you, .that if ye bo circumcised, Christ- shall ' profit you nothing. For I testify again to evory man that is circum cised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law. Christ is become of- no -effect , unto you, who soever of you are .justified by the law, ye are fallen from grace." Rome teaches that her followers must get to heaven by works, but: tho Bible teaches, "By grace ye are saved through faith, . not works. How any sane and learned man - can call the Church of Rome a brauch of : the true Churoh, I cannot ' imagine. She always, when she has tho power,- brings to the rack and ; death, all who call upon Jesus as their only Saviour.. To bo informed of these truths,, it requires no human' learning, but a single knowledge of the Bible. " Ye must be taught of God," wo should not. lay- the burden on the Standard alono to Drove these tinners. . I romain, ' , THOMAS O'DELL. Morpeth, . -August, 13rd, 1SS0. 