Uncle George. A CHRISTMAS STORY. BY G. BUNSTER. CHAPTER I. UNCLE GEORGE. 'Thb bet ii,' eaid the member for Bunoombe,' I quite agree with Dr. Maudes ley. Grime should be looked op, pat oat of eight, binished, extirpated — ' and tbe honourable gentleman, standing in tbe orthodox Englishman's fashion, with hie o oat-tails gathered over bie arms, nodded in a very profound manner. ' And how,*' eaid a little gentleman, with Spectacles, speaking hesitatingly, 11 and how, but, wOaia yon propose to oo inie 7' ' How t why, Mr. Sinclair, bylnoareersting evBry man, woman, and obild who bad eommitted a erime, for the reBt of tbeir nitural lives.' ' Wouldn't that be rather expensive, ?ir ?' dryly asked the little gentleman, as a faint smile passed across his face. 41 Expensive — expensive,' cried the honour, able member. 11 No, eir. It would strike at onoe at a system whioh is a burden upon society. Ab matters are now conducted a man robs. Very good; he is punished with a sentence of three years, we will say. He eomes out of gaol — and, necessarily, robs again. Tbe whole thing involves an enormous cost for police, judges, and— and all the rest of it.' ' But, sir,' eaid the little gentleman, looking over hie spectacles, ' do yoa go so far as to deny that a certain percentage of those who have suffered in prison reform and become honest and industrious.' ' Tcha 1' cried tbe honourable member, in a pitying tone ; 'you know nothing of the world, Mr. Sinclair, or you wonld not believe Booh nonsense. Beform — bah I As soon shall Ihe leopard change ils spots, as tbe Book sayB. It's in 'em, sir, and tbey muBt thieve, and chest, and lie, and murder.' The survival of the fittest, Bir, tbe survive! of the fittest — re a law of nature. Get rid of tbe offal, tbe scum, the — ' 'True,' answered the other, gravely. 'But the thought does occur to me, Mr. Diction, that the Bcum, or oflal, as you aptly put it, comprises, perhaps, the largest element of the whole principle we term society.'* ,r What'— cried the honourable member, aghast — ' what ! Do you mean to say, sir. that—' 'I mean to say/' answered 4the other, 4 'that Shakspeare never wrote a truer line than when he says : — ' If all of os had oar deaarta who would 'ecape whipping?'' 'Well,' said the honourable member, 'the world is coming to a pretty pass when an honest gentleman has to listen to such scandalous theories. As I under stand you, Mr. Sinclair, you think that all of us, more or less, are rascals.' ' Nay, nay,' laughed the other. ' That were going fcco far, surely. But I do think, Mr. Diction, that none of us are so perfect that we can afford to advocate such a sweeping course as that you have indi cated. Besides, I believe in the practica bility of reformation in fifty per cent, of criminals,' « Bah!' 'X do,' proceeded the other, earnestly. ' It has been my study, during a leisured and somewhat unprofitable life, to under stand the motive and. origin of crime; to ascertain, so far as possible, tbe histories of crimes, and to trace from the act itself backwards to tbe fountain springs of thought, temptation, and circumstance leading to the act.' 'And what, sir,-' cried the honourable member, oracularly ; ' what has been the see alt of thie interesting inquiry ?' ' To confine me,' earnestly answered the other, ' in the belief that the world, bad, foolish, selfish as it is, ib not so evil as it is painted by those who think themselves entitled to criticise it. I have just been reading the last report of tbe Prisoners' Aid Soo— ' ' Ohl Ohl There! there 1' interrupted the honourable member, with a gesture of eontempt, ' spare me, spare me, I pray. As I have said, you are not a man of tbe world. You are — pardon me— -a dreamer. Now, X am a practical man, I weigh, and measure, and guage men and their action*. Sentiment has no place in my composition, thank God ; and I tell you wbat, eir, your Prisoners' Aid Society, like every other foolish matter dubbed philanthropic, ia a fraud aud a sham. There, yoa have my opinion.' M But,' urged tbe other, '? this report.' 'Oh I Oh V' laughed the honourable mem ber, 11 report 1 I know. Yes, yes. Full of valuable information about the reformation of interesting burglars, and footpads, and piokpocketBs ' Why, sir, the society is hood winked by the rssoals. Tbey, bless you, keep the swindle going in the interests of their fellow criminals. But don't tell me that it is genuine, no, no,' and tbe honourable member lit his after- breakfast cigar, and Btepped out into his broad ground. The little gentleman looked after him wistfully. ' He's wrong,' he muttered. ' Good reigns everywhere— though ofttimes, God help ub, it is thrust into the shadows of our lives. Bat here comes my pretty niece. Alice, my pet, you look as blooming as — as — ' ' A sunflower, Uncle George,' answered tbe girl, kissing his cheek. ' At anyrate I feel scorched and blistered by his majesty.' ' Where have you been, then, so early ?' She blushed, and glanced coyly at the little gentleman, who stood regarding her affectionately through his spectacles. ' Now, don't you be so inquieitive,' she answered, laying a long, elender hand — a well-bred hand— upon his arm. ?* Let it Bnffice that I've been in the open air.' ' Humph 1' cried Unole George, with a chuckle at her own profound sagacity. ' Precisely. Ton didn't happen to go down to the banks of the river, now ?' ' And if I did?' she answered, her head turned aside. ' Because,' proceeded Uncle George, with a oomical air, ' in that ease you might have seen a boat.' ' Nothing more likely*'1 ' And, naturally, in that boat there would be a person.' ' Possibly I' and 6he laughed. 'And the person,' proceeded Mr. Sin clair, chuckling, ' might have been a man . — a young man.' ' My dear uncle, yoa are a wizard.' ' And the young man, Miss Alice,' went on the little gentleman, with infinite enjoyment of his simple badinage, ' might have bpen a tolerably good-looking sort of fellow,' ' Show me another lit* him, you wicked uncle,' she cried, facing around. ' Where, in all broad Victoria, will yon see a man like Jack Armitage f' and her eyes flashed and her cheeks ' flushed with lbving £&-. thusiaem. « Heyday 1' cried Mr. Sinclair; 'so the cat has escaped from the bag, miss. Gh 1 oh !' 'Ab, uncle,' and she wound her arms around his neck and looked tenderly into his face, her own aglow with the passionate happiness which her love told in her heart, ' is he not a grand fellow ? And, am not I a lucky girl?' H* 'did sot answer; and she went on with gr owing ^enthusiasm— ' Yon iBee,' unole, dear, I'm not bo loolish as to be :led away by a handsome faoe merely because it is a handsome face. If Jack had beehquite plain I should have laved him all the eame.' ' Yes. And what, then, do you love in Mr. John Armitage P' ' ' He's such a good fellow,' she answered, 'ardently. *( He's such a generous, large hearted, lriudty man. Z don't think Jack ^^^j^gh^^neaaifaought, He Ism tender a/B a woman, too. The other, day you should bp- j soen him get out of the 'bus and hel£- a fat, Aid woman* and two nasty little bratB out of the vehicle.' ** An admirable evidence of Mr. Armi tage'e tendernete,' said the other. 'Now, you're laughing at me, unole. But, then, again, Jack is 60 clever.' 'IsheP'' 'Why, you know he is. See how beautifully be plays upon the piano.' 'Ah !' ejacnlated Mr. Sinclair. ' And sings,' cried the girl, flushed and enthusiastic. , 'Yes.' 1 'And then he can draw, and paint, and write verses, and ride, aud play cricket, and dance—oh! how he can waltz." ' All admirable accomplishments, my dear, and very likely to make yoar future husband famous.*1 She looked up quickly. 'Ah! I know what you mean,' Bhe answered. 44 But Jack is a scholar, too. Look at his university career. Come, uncle, you're grumpy this morning. What, now, have you to eay against my dear Jack?' ' Nothing, my love, nothing,' was the answer, as he drt?w her to his arms and kissed her. ° I bare the very highest opinion of your handsome Jack. I think him a generous-hearted, high-spirited, honourable young fellow— full of ardent aspirations and worthy ambition. He is, as you eay, very clever. But—' ' Well,' she cried, stepping back and i looking at hitn earnestly, 'what is the reservation, uncle?' ' Why, who said I had a reservation, you puss ?'* he answered. ' All I meant to say was that it sot unseldom happens that these very virtues, which we admire and respect in our fellows, prove their ruin. I Nay, nay — you have not heard me out, my dear,' he went on, as she gave a gesture of interruption. ' What I was about to say was this, Alice. In this world, our very good qualities of mind and heart frequently bring us to disaster. It is a paradox which I do not pretend to explain; but I do know that the best men — as the world judges— are not always the best men as I i judge. Caution, prudence, allied to a keen i perception of what is good and what is bad for you, may lead you to follow a course of life which bringsyou the refpectacd admira- tion of society.' And yet you may have no better merit prudence. On the other hand, I have seen many a good hearted, whole-souled fellow go to the wall because he lacked the prudence to keep etraight, aud needed the perception of selfishness.' « My dear uncle,' cried Alice, ' what a lecture ! And apropos to what ?' ' True, true,' cried the little gentleman, in Bome confusion; 'I forgot myself. But, my dear, by Christmas Day you will be this young man's wife. As you love him, watch eagerly for those weaknesses of character which all t?nch men possess ; for never much good lived in man that was not modified by some drawback of his nature. Study his character, and with your own loving heart and clear, strong 6ense, set to wort to build it up to perfec tion. Do you understand, pretty one ?' 41 1 think I do, 'Uncle George,' she replied, quietly, ' and I thank you. Papa never spoke to me like this.' Uncle George laughed. ' My dear,' he eaid, *' your papa is a man of the world, and I — well I am a dreamer.' 'You are my Uncle George,' she cried, as she kissed him again and again; 'and there is none other like you in the wide, wide world,' and she took his arm as they walked forth into the blooming garden. CHAPTER n. fcUjiSH LSE. These is surely something pathetic in the spectacle of a marriage between two young people who love each other, but who, alas ! are &o; woefully ignorant aud unheeding of the trials by which their love must be tested,, and found sterling metal or but base. They are full of the present. The future, at any rate, is to them but a long prospect of happi ness. Strong in their devotion— a selfish devotion, too, in some sense — it is impos sible for doubt or suspicion or fear to mar their confidence. Oh ! happy hour, blissful delusion. The dance of such happiness, like that of all pleasure, begins bo fairly, with such spirit. AJas! how long does t.hik last ? and how soon do the dancers become wearied and worn, and drop out of the throng, no longer able to maintain the illusion. Surely a Dead Sea apple is this fragile principle men and women call happi ness — that happiness, at any rate, which is baaed on love. But this is gloomy philosophy. And yet it wa s somewhat with this train of thought engrossing him that Uncle George stood, wit others, around the altar at Alice Diction' marriage with handsome Jack Armitage. A most imposing spectacle, sir; the very head and front being the honourable member for Buncombe himself. The first gentleman (and mountebank) of Europe never surely bore himself with such lofty dignity as Joseph Diction, Esq., M.L.A., upon this occasion. Withal, a pensiveness was discovered in his noble countenance, as a fitting expression, gently mollifying the stern spirit of the patriot and lawmaker; a faint indication that Joseph Diction, Esq., M.L.A., despite his lofty position , aud tbe superior character of his ambitione, was still to be influenced in some slight degree by those amiable weak nesses which rule men of a lower force of intellest. It was as though to say tbat Diction, M.L.A., notwithstanding his absorption in the cares of the slate, was still a human being ; a man like all of us, liable to emotions — weak, if you like, and so far unworthy, in the patriot and states man, but none the less admirable in the individual. And Diction, MX./. , upon this occaeion suffered the world to see that the stern cares of the legislator had not wholly banished the foolish affections of the man. He looked upon his fair daughter with a lofty tenderness; he even wiped away a tear aB he gave her away, and was com pelled to blow liis nose in a very startling fashion when the parson had concludcd the benediction* Tbe little, faded, mild-eyed, washed-out woman by - his side, looking like an under housekeeper, timid, ilJ- at-ease, fearful, apparently, yet longing to weep — who was she ? That iady, sir, was the wife of Joseph Diction, Esq., M.L.A., a veiy good, decent, worthy sort of woman, you know, but quite out of place as the lady of the honourable member for Buncombe. It is true that when the honourable gentleman com menced life on Swamp FJat, in the early - days, and married the pretty daughter of Gentleman Sinclair, tbe publican, with whom he got one thousand sterling, and fifty acres of land, besides several head of cattle, tbe match was proper enough. And it is also true that, not a little to bis wife's untiring, industry and carefulness, not tospeakot a certain shrewdness, which, however, her husband adopted as his own property, Mr. Miction owed the foundation of his wealth. But.. what of this? A woman should rise with her circumstances. As her busbaud steps up the ladder, so should she. Bnt Mrs. Diction did not keep pace with her lord. It is true that she was always a gentle, well-bred and attractive person to those who knew her intimately, indeed, she had hardly been Gentleman Sinclair's daughter otherwise ; for, fallon as he became, and degraded by tbe drink which killed him, he bad tbe breed, and in these matters blood will tell. Mrs. Diction was a lady. But the honourable gentle man, he? husband, could not realise this cirrrnniituPAf : Perhaps his own percep tions of ihe character were in some degree warped by .his own somewhat vulgar origin and experience. His notion of the bearing of a gentleman, and the contin gent f demeanour of a gentleman's wife, migUtbeaummedupinthe word — insolenoe. #Diction could scarcely conceive & ? * ^ ? ? ; gentleman who was poor and needy ] — and he therefore hel$ ..that tho possession of wealth 4 In -a-, great, ' degree compensated lor the ladk of descent or early association. It was bowed dbwn, too, he knew, and he had, of course, observod that the most refined bearing, . the most exceptional intellectual gifts or acquire ments, the sweetest and fleokleis reputation, gave a man no suoh claim upon the admira tion and respect of his fellows as money did. Indeed, it had come to this — that Mr. Diction could scaroe oonoeive the possession of any virtue in one who was penniless. - As his wealth grew, so his merit ; and while a man with a few thousands might bo accepted as a very decent fellow, he could not, of course, be compared with another who was worth ten times as much. The gentle manners and retiring disposition of his wife was, therefore, little to his taste. Her timidity and nervousness irritated him. Coarse and assertive, he could not bear to witness a weakness in another, and that other his wife, which was contemptible to his thought. There were times when he posi tively hatod the poor little woman, and he did not hesitate, even before his guests, to snub and insalt her. ' He did net appear to realise that the very timidity and nervousness which annoyed him were due in large measure to his own co&rsc; conduct towards her. He would have been surprised, no doubt, had he been informed that his guests, while they professed to appreciate hitn at the value at which he estimated himself, regarded his wife with the true respect and friendship which the good, the gentle, and the refined ever inspire. Uncle George, the dreamer — his sister's true friend — could hare told him this, and more. Tbe marriage over, the guests returned to Mr. Diction's lordly mansion at Toorak. Be sure no other spot around or about Mel bourne would suit the aristocratic tastes of the honourable member for Buncombe. For the honourable member was, of course, aristocratic. Was he not a lauded pro I prietor — one of Mr. Longmore's betes »oir, a bloated squatter, a Conservative, and so | forth? Of course he was ; for, look you, I have noticed that much depends upon a man's monetary position as to what his politics are. Has there ever been such a phenomenon as a 14 Liberal' squatter, or a Conservative tallow chandler ? I think not. And so Mr. Diction, owner of flocks and herds, and bank scrip, and houses, and lands— well, of course he was an aristoorat, and consorted only with the best society of the Melbourne Club, and the sacred places of Victorian blue blood. At tbe wedding breakfast Victorian blue blood was nobly represented. Sir Roderick M'Furkin, C.B., was present, with Lady M'Furkin, in a wonderful velvet dress, and a powdered face — for her ladyship is slightly scrofulous. The Stortones were ! present, too ; and we all know .what a wonderfully aristocratic family they are ! The Crawlers, of Bungunjigery, were also guests. Miss Crawler, you may recollect, was presented at Court last year, and very nearly landed a lord in her matrimonial | net. And all tbe Melbourne elite crowded | the ihospitable board. There were mem bers of Parliament, barristers, do.ctors, and | some of the Dictions. It was a noble i spread, as little Harry Wiggs, of the civil | service, reported in the office— and, indeed, I he was right, | The health of the bride was proposed by | a young yentleman named Hatton, who, | report said, had been refused by the bride, but who, it is certain, appeared to take his I dissmissal (if it had been such) very kindly indeed. He was a good-looking young man, with dark, olive complexion, and keen, restless, black eyes, and his voice waB of that soft, caressing kind which irresistably reminds you of the purring of a cat. HiB speech was admirable; it was in the best taste ; it dealt delicately with the mani fold perfections of the bride, the talents and social worth of the groom. The applause was enthusiastic. And yet how came it that, as pretty Alice raised her eyes and found the dark orbB of the speaker fixed upon her face, a thrill of fear ran through her frame ? Who can account for these instincts ? ' My darling,' said the mother, as she clasped her daughter to her breast; ' my one child, my blessed Alice ! promise me that, in the midst of your happiness and new cares, you will sometimes think of your mother.' ' Mother, mother,' cried Alice, passion ately kissing her, ' do not speak so. No husband shall ever make me forget the love, the gratitude I owe you.' ' Owe me, Alice ?' 'Ay, owe you, best of mothers. Ah1, do you think I have not seen? Do you think I do not know your patieuce, your loving gentleness — ' ' Hush, hush, dear girl,' cried the otber, with agitation ; 'you will make me quite conceited, darling. And, now, come,. Mr. Armitage will be impatient. One kies — another. May God guard you, my pretty Alice.*' Crush back your tears, oh mother! hide your heart, oh. daughter! for you pass into the world, and tbo world looks but coldly upon emotion. Smile, therefore, and jest, though your hearts be breaking. So, au rcvoir ; fling the old shoe after tbem. God bless tbem, hurrah ! They are away, and we hurry eff too — to return by-and bye, and dance in honour of this most auspicious event. Uncle George, retiring to smoke a quiet pipe by the river side, giveB way to thought. And, as he thinks, he watches the leaves and sticks which the stream bears with ic. Some escape the eddy and find a shelter and harbour in shore; others are borne onwards by the impetuous current, resist less, helpleeB. He observes this with such interest, and marks each stick or leaf so curiously, that it is obvious bis reflections find an illustration in the spectaole. At last he puts up his pipe and arises with a sigh. 'Who shall say?' he muttere. ''Tie sunshine now, but yonder bank of clouds is dull and frowning. How quickly comes the change. And so with life. My pretty Alice, may sorrow never find you, and may the rushing stream, which bears others to destruction, pass you by un touched, unhurt.' A dreamer, you see, and something of a poet. Truly, as hiB brother-in-law observes, ' what can ht know of the world ?' CHAPTER III. SHADOWS AlO) PEACE. Five years have come aud gone, and the world wags much the same as it did yester day, and tbe day before. Marriages, births, deaths — these sum up the action of life, these are the chief scenes in the comedy of repetition. To the looker on, at least, the spectacle would be monotonous were it not for the singular eagerness of the actors, each one of whom is so absorbed in his part, so convinced of its infinite importance and necessity, that he becomes a world of himself, in whom are concentrated the world's passions and ambitions. I wonder if there is a devil ! If there be, how the rascal must laugh at us all. Among those who have gone with the tide is John Armitage. He is a great man, a merchant, a bank director, a dealer in shareH, a financial authority. His mansion at Toorak burpasses that of hi» honourable fatherin law. His honourable father-in-law, with his wife and Uncle George, are at present on a ifait to Europe. The^ honourable gentleman is bent upon seeing all that oan be seen for money, sir. At present he is at Home, bored to life by the artistic element of that sacred and unsavoury city. Uncle George, on t be other hand, and his sister, live in a world of delight. 'Ah!' writes -Uncle' George to his niece, ' if we only had yon with us, Alice ! It is new life. Fanoy, to stand , upon the spot where Ceegar fell beneath the ^dagger of Brutus-; to behold tho ruins, which, not bo long ago— as time may be gauged— were crowded by the Roman people, to witness gladiatorisl ? feats and butcheries. I oan shut my eyes and see the whole bloody spectaelo. The emperor is seated in solitary 8tutc, a lector on each hand. His em press sits ^ apart on his left. On each side the nobility of Rome, the- beauty and the fftsliion. Seel one gladiator falls beneath the blows of another, who $uts his foot upon his breast and looks up to the fair creatures -from whom the shall' come. The fallen wretch 'risSees^a baud imploringly, and holds up two fingers — mutely begging for his life. In vain ! ' Kill ! kill! scream these tender women; and every thumb is mercilessly held down wards. The victor strikes, and, with a groan, the vanquished dies. The trumpets clang ; the spectacle is over ; and sated, yet not satisfied, the crowd pass home wards — tho patricians to dine upon a thousand luxuries, and discuss the per formance ; tho commons to their supper, of oil and garlics, and beans, and thin wine. Oh ! Alice, my dear, I would give a fortune to have you here with your mother and myself.' Alice, reading these letters to her hus baud, was often surprised to mark *the pained and startled look which came into his face as she playfully suggested that he was rich enough to indulge in a holiday. 'Kich!' lie answered;, strangely irri table; 'it is difficult to say. In these days no man is rioh. Besides,' he went on, moodily, ' we live too fast. We spend too much money,' and he bit his finger-nails, j 'Why not rotrencb, dear?' answered i Alice. ' For my part, our mode of living gives me no pleasure. A cottage — ' He burst into a wild laugh. 'Tush!' he said; 'you are a child, Alice. Why, my pretty innocent, if I were to be guilty of such a false move I should be in the Insolvent Court to-morrow.' | 'I do not understand you, Jack,' she | answered. ' It is well you don't, Alice,' said he, bitterly enough. ' Let it- suffice that it iB so— not only with me but everybody. The whole thing is a sham, my dear,' he added, with a forced laugh. Then he kissed her and drove to his office. Alice was not satisfied at this despisal of her inquiries. She was too quick, her per ception was too vivid, her instincts too sure, to permit any such superficial excuses or explanations to satisfy her. But what could she do ? She could only watch and wait ; and, acting ever upon the advice of Uncle George, seek, by every gentle means, to gain her husband's entire trust and con fidence. If she had known how he yearned to give her these ; how, well-nigh driven to desperation, he looked to her as the sole living creature to whom he could turn in his agony, how warmly, how lovingly, would she have shown him the right path. But his pride and shame alike forbade con fession. For John Armitage had come to this pass. In the passage down the stream he had failed to find a harbour. He had rushed on im petuously. He was on the brink of ruin — ruin, not merely of puree (that were nothing, he thought bitterly), but of character, and name, and honour — all these matters which a true man holds dearer than life, the more when others Bhare them with him. Oh! God the agony of him, who, yielding onoe, then once again, until he dare not count the lapses, knows that before him surely lies disgrace ; that not only must he fall &om; his nigh place, but that they who are hound up with him must be borne down also. And this was the agony which, night and day, darkened the soul of John Armi tage. He had hoped against hope. He had striven by every method to redeem himself. Unhappy man— he did not refleot that, once past the Rubicon of honour, there is no retracing your steps. I do not remember an illustration of exception to this rule. Men who yield to fraud to prop their falling houses never recover the mistake. Each new effort fails them. And thus it was with Armitage on the 10th December, 18 — . He was at bay. Forged bills, to an amount which proved how utterly reckless he had become, and how,; as each dishonourable act was accomplished, the fine edges of his moral sense became blunted and impaired would be due within a few days. There were two alternatives — suicideor afelon's fate. Flight was impossible. He know, that right well, and set aside the hope which for an instant this thought inspired almost as soon as the thought itself arose. As day by day the hour approached when his ruin and shame would be made known unto all men he grew calmer, as men do who, recognising tho hopelessness of their position, resign themselves to the inevitable. It was in his own home that the full bitterness of his disaster was felt. His wife, his boy. his baby girl ! of these were his thoughts; their shame, their loss — not his own. Gladly, he thought, would he hide himaplf within prison walls and pass into, tbe forgetfulness of the world, but for these | beloved ones. : Ho might seek his peace in , that desperate resource which is given by a | pistol shot, or the river, -but for his wife and i children. Oh ! the agony, the shame, the j bitter remorse that wrung' his heart ! | Three days now remained to him of security from exposurfe, arrest and punishment, i Three days were left to him to enjoy the ! mockery of a good name, troops of friends, I the envy and adulation of the world ! He laughed bitterly as he thought of' this, ' returning late one evening ; and he passed up the noble avenue which led from the gates ' to his house, moodily picturing the joy with which'he would be weloomed by his wife and little ones — for five years of married life had not decreased Alice's fondness, nor her girlish eagerness to display it to her lord. Ajs he approaohed the house he paused. A voice struck upon his ear — the voice of a man whose name he had forged, and who, there fore, would soon have the right to spurn him a.s a felon. He listened, and started as he heard his wife -exclaim : i( Are you such a monster, sir? Can you bear to address me thus — me, whom once you said — ' 'Whom I loved, and love, sweet Alice,' cried Hattou, for it was he. 'Think you that, when I saw that handsome fool win your heart, my own was not filled with the bitterness of hate. Am I a man to forget or to forgive ? By heaven ! no ; a thousand times no 1 And now your choice. Your noble husband, Alice, is a forger and a scoundrel. Ah ! you wince. But it is true, and he lies in my power. Bethink you, you may save his name, his honour,' and i he uttered this last word with such signifi cance that it struck the unhappy man who listened liko a blow. He crept still closer, and, peering through the window of the conservatory, there 6aw Hatton and his wife. She was standing with her graceful head bent to her bosom, her hands olasped, her whole attitude expressive of the moBt utter despair. * ' Consider, ' proceeded Hatton, in his soft, purring voice, 'you sacrifice nothing. I love you. Love wi, incomparable woman, and my fortune, my life, my soul is yours. Who shall know we love? You save your husband, you make me happy — ' Here ho paused. Tho wife had conquered. Drawn to her , full height, all the loathing, detestation, and contempt which filled her soul eloping from her eyes, she thus replied : 'Miserable wretch!' ehe cried, 'ia it thus you would have mo barter my husband'* honour and my own — my children's heritage? Go, infamous creature ! ~ Do your worst. God — who knows all, and who can tell how my unhappy husband, this moment in his crime, and fthnme, and titter despair, is .a king! to such as you, most foul and loathsome thing — God, I say, will protect and guide us.' The scoundrel . shrunk before the tragic intensity of her loathing. But he ^nswered : 'We shall see. At any rate, m^Virfuous lady, you have had your choice. /Your huBbwtld — ' ? ? ' 'Is here!' cried .Armitage, stepping before him. . ' Dog 1 .1 have heard nlL' . . The blaze of fury in the merchant's eyes, the . strained convulsion of hia face, his eager, vengeful look and attitude, paralysed the ' tempter. He drew; bfuik. Alice, clutched her husband's arm. i ' Lot him 4$; dear Jack,' ahe' sMd/ ipare?singly, ''What! would you befoul', ^oyr^tauds with, sjuoh^as heft Go, sir, if jyon wxiuld^eepnyoutjworthlesslife.'. r.'^He turned and fleu. ' And then, with a eob and grt'an/poor Armitage fiill swooning ifcotheiloor. , '?= , . -That. night*' pbrbaps, was the happtast ne had spent for uiatiy, many dreary months. Another shared his sorrow. A tender heart bled for him. Oh*! .beautiful nature of woman, in whose soul rests the god-like virtue of an infinite mercy ; whose ' render eyes weep for the fallen; whose heart aches for the afflicted, wh&t;, measure are your follies and your frailties against the depth of charity which rests within you ? And Alice. It would be mockery to deny that tho blow which had fallen upon her was insignificant. Her whole life wo6 changed. She could have borne nil but the shame which must rest now upon her husband's name, a heritage, alas 1 for her children. But, having onoe realised the position, she set to work bravely to accom modate herself to it. 'Acting upon her advice, her husband addressed a letter to each person he had wronged, stating the facts, and giving an accurate account of his debts and assets. It was some comfort, even at this dink hour, to find that the latter would, under Bkilful direction, con* siderably reduce the amount of his debts. He was arrested that day npon a warrant obtained by a man who owed hie fortune to him, and who, therefore, was loudest in proclaiming him a scoundrel. The next day he was charged at the polieeoonrfc and fully committed. Alice was by bis Bide through oat; and even those who had envied and hated him, and who therefore now rejoioed at hiB downfall, were hashed to reverenoe by that speotaole of wifely loyalty and love. 11 So that I may oonnt npon you, dear Alioe,' said the unhappy man when he was sentenced to five years' hard labour, ' I oan bear zny lot.' ' My darling,' she answered, 11 1 am yoar wife. I promised when I married you that I wonld be trne through good and ill, and I am not one to forget my word. Bat, even if I had not sworn to be yoar tree and loving wife, dear Jack, I still shoald hold myself as yours. For, Jaok, dear love, old sweetheart, I love you now, more, I think, than I ever loved yoa before — my hasbsnd, zny dar ling — ' and here Bhe threw heraelf npon his breast and wept passionately. This was oomfort indeed. Those in the prison who marked how oheerfnlly tbe eonviot performed his work ; hew composed his demeanour ; how hopeful and confident his bearing judged him to be oallouB and insensible to his disgraoe. But he earned good-will on all sides by his oheerful obedienos and never.tiring patience. And Alice. Well, she had some trifles of her own and a little money. She had offered *these to her husband's creditors, but they refused to accept tbem, and, ia deed, would have assisted her had she per mitted it. But this she resolutely refused. She carried her little ones to Geelosg, and there managed to make a fair living with a sewing machine, at times teaohing music. Every month she made passage to Pent ridge to visit her husband, and console and assure him — painting suoh bright pictures of their peaceful and innocent future as filled the man with a kind of holy energy. He was eager that the time might come when, by a eweet life and honest toil, he could make amends to himself and dear ones. To Uncle George alone she wrote au account of the disaster. It did not surprise her, therefore, when, one pleasant evening, as she eat in the verandah of her little cottage, looking wistfully at the gl&ry; of the sunset away beyond the brown hills to the west, Uncle George put in an appear ance. As kindly, as simple, as wise as ever; with a quiet, gentle gravity of his own which was born of peace and good will— Uncle George onoe more, How fcen | derly he folded the mourning wife, tb his ! honest heart, how gently he soothed the expression of her passionate grief whioh his ' appearance had evoked, how wise and how I Christ-like was the comfort which he gave 1 her! And then afterwards he had hip.plans, i He told her that the news had so Biribken Mr. Diction that the honourable gentleman I had resolved to remain in England. He had commissioned Uncle George to realise certain ! properties and invest the returns in mortgage securities or bank shares. He was determined, | he said, that no one should point the finger of scorn at him as the father of the wife of .a convict. \ * ' And mamma ?' ' ' Sends her blessing and her dearest love, Alice,' answered Uncle George. 'My sister is a good woman, dear. Here 'is her own letter. Nay, read it when alone.' ; Then, delicately, he inquired into the history of Armitage's fall, and was much pleased to learn that the losses were com paratively small. ] *' We shall be able to arrange the balance in good time,' he mused. ' Come, Alice, dear, cheer up] I think I shall' be able to bring you good news before long.' ; And it was so. Uncle George, without a word to anybody, sold out £8000 .worth qf stock, and with this he waited upon the creditors of the ruined merchant, and'paid them the half of the balance due. Then he put it to them whether they would not join in a petition for Armstrong's release. ... ' He shall pay you every farthing,1'', said Unclc George earnestly, ' 1 or, if he fails, the money I still retain for my support; shall become your property at my death.' This was considered handsome enough. The creditors, arranged a petition, and pre sented it through the most influential of their number. And one day, as Alice Bat musing iu her old fashion, a step near her made her look up. A man stood before her, shaven and shorn; but she knew him. With a cry she was on his breast, kissing and blessing him, and calling him her dear husband, her darling, her old love. Tut ! it was very silly ; but it mado Uncle George cjry like a woman — so that when he put in an appearancc ovon his spectacles could not conceal the redness of hi« eyelids. And that night I think eaoh of that trio knolt to God in praise and gratitude. , j 'Who d'ye think I met in Philadelphia ?'? said Mr. Stortone, of Stortone Park, the great squatter, addressing a friend. 'Can't say,' drawled the other. --The ghost of William Penn, perhaps.' * 1 Well, almost as miraculous. You re member that poor chap, Jaok Armitage P' 'Perfectly. Capital fellow, Jack ; always liked him.' ' So did I, though he let me in. How ever, that's squared up. Well, yes. There he is, sir, living in one of the most beautiful cottages on the most lovely of spots .on the Delaware. His wife and mother, and that ruin ? old 'cbap, Uncle George, as they ''jail him— quite a happy family. 1 dined with them, and I tell you I was honestly glad to find that Jack had pulled through.' 'How did he do it 'Oh ! the old man— rold Diction went off the hooks.. He!dji.ever speak to orrhear of Jack, and, ;yet, hang me, sir I when thoy came to read his -will, they^found that his wife and daughter. were left all -his property. And old DIotion was rworth, a trifle, J can tell you. J gave .fum, £27,000 .for bis Tum bocoopera Station.' „s\; i.: ? 'And so Jaok, is on his feet?':!; -» I ?? ?? » : 'Quitono. . Not that he liyes£s ?an, .idler, as ho told mehe would never touch a penny of the money ; his wife might use it as she I pleased. .But ifor tdmaelf, he gets along , famously. : He was always a -slever fellow, i you know, and he has,takon,to quillrdriving, ; writes for jmagazines, . and .all /that. . .You ! remember the fuss that w&s; made : over , thati novel the other day— 'iCharity.P M?-.j ? ! j '..Yes.' ? ? s .. j ' Well, everybody -wanted to know1 I Wrote it. Jack Armitage, sir, is the man-/ I Oh. tbere'sgritin Jaok, relieve me, although', | ho has, worn the quee&i;'e livery,'' ., j 1 1*1,1 say, Jem! i,,-*.. :?* jf | ' 'WfeflP 4 - ' ,/l 'All things considered, I wouldn't tell anybody else I'd seen Jack, if I were you. That fellow, Hatton, you kno wt jnight— ' ' ^ 41 Hatton! Why, haven't^^lieaidf''^^ ' Heard what r' i ^ jj? ^ ' Out his throat last week j$t Qnngtt^ Been drinking a hurricane ; goftije * D.T.'b,' and wentoffhis chump. Still, a^ytfu sqy,th^e ? are always some good-natured frieuds^bout. *W«ifcer» email bottle of ohampagne. We'll drink suooess to Jaok Armitage, his pretty wife, his young 'uns, his dear old motherin law, and last, not least, to Unole Geoboe.' 