New Wesleyan Church. FOUNDATION STONE CEREMONY. Tho ceremony of laying llm foundation-stone of the .Wiwley.in Jliinvii hoing erected in Crown I street tool: place 011 WYiIim-hiI.iv aftwiinnn under i auspicious ciiv, 1 nslauces. From an early hour in J the forenoon g.iy llags in profusion were floating in tho bree::e over the «pot uliere tbe ceremony was I to t k n'ace. Sliortlv befure the aooointed Ikihi tho children al.lnyding Hie Wealeyan Sunday Sohiinl niiiHl-urutl at tlio Tetnper.iiico Hull, and wuro mnrshnllu.l.up tbe sVre«t in procession order, undor ibo diroclioiis of thu Superintendent. (Mr. AV. J. Wisfinan) and his stall' of teachers. At several points aong their rtuito of inarching the children, nuclei' tho leadership of Mr. H. Oollings, BiUig'.snvur.'il hynitia in a very pleasing manner. ?A platform raised adjacent to the corner stone of tho occasion became crowded at thu time for com mencing tho proceedings. There was also a largo muster of spectators in nttoiidnnco all round tho centre of observation. Ou the platform, iu addi tion to tl.u nlHuors and Pastor of tho Church (Rev. H. \V. T. PincoHiho), wore Rev. H. \V-.odhou-o (Kiaina), l^ev. W. Mo th (Habnain), Rov. J. A. Nolan (U'averley), Rov. Q. Hurst (Sydney), and Hev. R. H. Waugh, M. A. (Presbyterian Minister, Wollongmig). Shortly uftor tha appointed timo tbe procee^ir.n* wercLeoniinoticud by the Rev. H. \V. T. Pinconilio giving, (nit the 990th .Hyuiu, which was then sung. : Hev. Mr. Nola'.u followed, r ading a por tion of Scripture suitable to th-- occasion, aftor which. prayer was 1 ffor-d by the Rev. W. Moore. -;R,ev. H.W. T.; Pincnmbo' then called upon Mr. \V; J.Pdnltur lo road a copy of a document about .beinifVplBcod in'a cavity piepared for tho purpose nnd'-r tho foundation ^tonu. ?Mr. Pointer rend 'this document, which in cluded the uain s of the present Minister and o Hicers of the Church, tlio name of the' contractor ?or the how building (Mr. George Osborne), thu amount of contract (£2100), and oth';r partioulns I?.-V. Mr. PitiC'inbo explainc! that U10 pnpor of which tho one ju^t read was a copy, together with copies of tlio ' T'hiwirr* Ati-rcury' ' Wollong'ing Angus' and ' Wceklj Advocatu' (tlio latter contain ing ,ui obituary 11 itico of th-) lito diaries Osborno Unvht) were lieing placed under the corner stone. Ho said that at some future lim ?, when a railwav to thii rli«itr'el , and perhaps an eiilaraed I1.11 bor,|with their attendant increase of population, might ten der an onlargeuient of the OhuroIiMiecnS'iry, it won Iu bo interesting to tho-n then having to do »ith the 111 liter to sue and read the document a'ld papers lefoned to. Ho then tequosted Mis. Bright lo step forw.trd and perform the loremony of laying tha foundation .stone, lie said that owing to Ibo gre.it interest tlvit ludy and h t hns bind h.id manifested in C'liiiectinn with thu I movunient for the cuoimi of the now Chinch, tho-ollicers had decukd to confei upon her tho ' honor of f iiuilly plating the foundation stone of the building in its position He said it w.is his pluismg dnt- on behilfof the Trustees of the Chinch to piesent lo hei a tiouel and in diet, nhich'tho) dean t.a she should use on tbe occ.ii.ion, and pit-sune tlnough life ns pk ising ineinoiitnes of tho event 1\\\ piiscutm., ht-r with those beautiful at titles ttu is his e truest wish and pr.iyer that God mio'ht bless, hi 1, and prolong hpi luu ior iiiaiiy.-xe.ivs, vni uu : useiui iii.,connocilon with the Church of ChrUt. Tiib trouel nnd in dkt ui ro those refened to 111 our list. issue. Tho foimct is pine sihci, niih an ivory handle, nnd on tho face., mound uhu.li is beautifully engraved in chaste dosigus, the follon ing inscription appeal j — 'PiesenUd to Mis Bright by tho Trustees on her Inwiiu the fniiudn tion stonu of tho WisIoa tu Clmrch, Wollongong, December loth, 1830 ' Tho millet is ibefmu stated consists ofa\cty fine tjiuinieii uf mvdl Both articles, it ma} be obsLUcd, uliu obt lined 'from Messrs. Htud-, Biolheis, IJuntct stieLt Sydney. Mrs. Bright on receiving the mallet nnd trowel ,it unco performed the duly of placing thu (south east) corner stone in position according to the u&unl; custom. Having done so sho said : — '? I l.iy this stone in thu name of the Father, and of tho Son, nnd of the Holy Ghost ; mid I pray and tiust that many souls will find thu Saviour in this Church. My dear friends, the dlh'ce- bearers, I thank yon for thu handsome trowul .mil m.dldt which you lnue presented to me, also for the very high honor you h i\e confened upon mo in selecting mo to' lay this stono , and I thank God for enabling nnd peimilting me to help to build 11 hoiuo to His honoi Tliib will be a beauti ful clmrch. A few people bate sud that the old church was good enough foi in Well, peih.ips it was, when wo could not afford a better one. But when people can substitute buggies for carls, and fine bouses for huts, they should not forget the Giver of nil good gifts, or allow His house, to remain the worst. Then we have a good precedent iu Solomon. Ho was the wisest man that ever lived, nnd he built the most splendid and costly Temple which has over been board of for the worship of God; and we read that he commenced to build it before ho built his own house; and God was well pleased with him for doing so, and as' Hu is nnchangeablo, we know that He will be well pleased with us if we work for His honor and rW. I will lay on this stone £50, exclusive of £100 promised- by Mr. Bright, for tho purchase of tne central front window in memory of my dour son, who. 11 God has transplanted tu the church triiuntiliant. On his death-bad my dear Ohm-lie wished us to place his name under the foundation stuifc. I told htm we would do so ; also that I would have his name inscribed 011 a memorial window. Our family will also give a window in memory of our dear father and mother, who have both departed, having left tho pleasing testimony that they have gone to bo 'forever with the Lord.' I hope other friends present will purchase memo rial windows. The side ones will cost about £10 each. I hope, too, that we will see n groat many cheques laid upon this stono to-day. The treasurer will give receipts for the several amounts now, and God will give yon credit for them in heaven.' Tho 993 hymn having then beeu sung, ltev. G. H.nrst said tho laying of a foundation stouo for a House of God should be considered a must interesting and important ecunt. And ho hoped that all present looked upon tho proceedings of that day in such a light. Some fifteen .years ago, when he came to Wollongoii!.', and preached in the small church now being replaced, the Wesleyan people bora cunld not undertake the erection of so spacious and tine a building as now was on the way. About a year ago, however, when on a visit to Wollongong, lie could see that things bad reached such a stage that a now Church should be substituted for the old one. He then urged that steps should bo taken for the purposr, ivs:d was happy to soo Iho good and needful work so well on towards completion. Ho wi-3 also pleased to know that the new Church would not only bo useful and nn honor to tho Woslcynns of this district, but would also bo a credit and an ornament to Wollongong. It would be scon as tho Church roso that it would bo an exceedingly hand some building. Tho windows would be very beauti ful in design, and constituted of cathedral glass, into ivliich thu colours wuro biirut, so that those colours would remain unchanged ns long as the glass it self would last. Altogether tho Church would be tho second beBt of its design in the colony. The other one of thu same class was in Burwood. He was happy to find that the first window, which would bo very costly, wns to bo provided by Mr. nnd Mrs. Bright 11s a memorial of their departed son. Tho Osborno family were also to place another window iu the Church as a memorial of their departed father nnd mother. Other mem bers of the congregation wure to do likewise. Indeed, ho hoped every window required in the Church would bo placed thoro by different individuals ns memorials. The contract cost of the Church was £2400. Of this amount £900 bad been promised in 0110 way and other— the Church Loan Fund gave n gift uf £400, and £1100 yet remained to be made up. He hoped there would bo no difficulty in raising the balance required. A most creditable begin ning had been made in connection with the mutter, and ho was quiti) certain tha end would be equally 80. . ' ,'. ? ' ' . - . 1 Parties wero then invited lo plnco sums on Ihe foundation stono, Ihe resull. being that, npwatdsof £d:i .u-iii so contributed, £50 of tho iiniuiint being given l-y Mrs. liii^u':,. Tin) proceeding,! wero Hum excluded by ;tbe pronouncing of the benediction by tho llov.iMr. 1'incoiiilie. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETI^O. . In tlio evenni'.', a tea and public meeting in connection with tlio foregoing uveiit took place iu thu Tumpuraucu Hull, there being a largo attend ance. A very good ton baring been donu justice to Mr. A. Aruisli-.my (Mayor of the Burongh) wns duly moved to thu chair. ' * ?;Tho Chairman briefly referred to tho business of tbo evening, ami culled on the P.ov. Q. Charter (Congrogntumtil) to ottor pvnyur, wltich Umt gonllo mau did. Tbe meeting was then addressed at some length by each of the following goutlemen :--Hov. Mr. Pincombo, Rov. Mr. Moore, Rev. Mr. Hurst,1 Ruv. Mr. Nolan, Mr. John Onrrelt, P.M. (of! Scone), and Mr Bright. Each of tho rev. gentle- ? men urgeu iinerainy on tnu pan 111 tnu peopiu towards tho funds necessary to defray the cost of tbo now Church, and specially impressed upon all that no efforts should be spared to opon it either free of debt or very noarly so. Rev. Mr. Hurst said that in addition to tbe £400 grnnto:l by tbo Church Extension Fund, a further aum freo ot interest could bo obtained from tho Loan Fund if nocossnry. He mentioned Mint thu Linn Fund of tbo Church now had £10,000 at its disposal, with a prospect of nn additional £00,000 before very long, tbo latter being forthcoming in the way of donations, bequests, and other such contributions. Mr. Garrott (now on leive of absence) glanced ovor . tho history of Wusloyau Churches in this district ? during tbo lust 33 .years since bo first came to ! lllawarni. Ho pointed out tlmt on bis arrival in ' this district, the building in town then usod for Wesleyan services stood on tho situ of tbe present Presbyterian innnro. In 1854, . tho Church now lieing snper.--Hd(.i* by a new | 0110 was erected, he (Mr. Garrett) being Clerk j of Works over the same for tbo atchiuct. In regard to tbo meeting bo was nddri'using, lie uiigUt : point out the singii'nr fact that the aii'lier.ce then had beforo them tbo firot and Intost Mayor of WuIlnneoiiB. ho (Mr. Garretl) linving been the first Mayor of their Borough, uud the Chairman (Mr. Armstrong) bcinv their prns'-nt Mayor. Mr. Bright ni Treasurer to the Church iJuilding Fund, road a statement of accounts, including all the money promised or paid for tho purpn'sci Tlio t'.ital ol Liio .statement complied with iho outline j given in tho nfternoon by tho Rev. Mr. Hurst iu the cwrso of his remarks us already reported. When tho me-^tim: was about half proceeded with, subscription - mid 11 collection in aid of tbo building fund wero taken, and a total of upwards of '£30 ..o i-:ii;»d. Hfw. H. Parsons inviiiir £10. Mi Blight stated tli it tho-o proceois, together uithMioieof the found ition stone ceremony and of tbo tu 1 that evening (everything liavitiL' been p OMdtd ft ec), would swell to about £105 the total sum nusud dm ing tho day, it result which ho sud should bo con ldoitd -.very satisfactory. Vs Tit 1 niei, honigtd upon nil whn had promised sub l ptions to pi} tbo -une as soon as con vt.iiu.ut, a3 tho money wu-- row eroded to pay the conti iLtot as ihe wink pio^iessed. c Tho nroLeoilin.,1 weio In mght to a close by ice 1 ding (on tho uoti 11 Ri v. Mr. Pii combe nnd Mi D A M D01111I I) 1 vote of thanks to the Ch iirnian, the Cli u\ men, nnd tho Ladies who had rendered assistance ou the occasion. 