THE NAGAMBIE GHOST. UP at Nagambie the inhabitants have been startled by the appearance of an unmistakable apparition. We have not the local paper containing the account of this unearthly visitor before us at present," but our recollection of the printed narrative is remarkably vivid. A few bights back, such of the inhabitants of Nagambie as happened to be at the Hallway Station were amazed to behold THE APPARITION OF A WOMAN CLAD IN WHITE, AND SEVEN OB EIGHT FEET TALL t Not only the unusual height, and the death-like pallor of the face, but the noiseless motion with which it glided about, gave evidence that the fearful thing was of some other world than ours. While all were spell-bound, gazing upon the supernatural object, one of the porters, who, according to the local paper, is celebrated for his courage, procured a firearm, and bravely FIRED AT THE APPARITION, BUT WITHOUT PRODUCING ANY EFFECT ! This was more than the courageous porter bargained for, and he, in the expressive language of the dwellers of Nagambie, dropped his gun and cleared. This apparition was evidently determined that the travellers by rail were not to have a monopoly of its ghostly appearances, for on another occasion it gave a cab-driver a turn, frightening all the passengers almost out of their wits, and causing the Nagambie cabby to go at a pace, to equal which, would have put even a North Carlton cab-horse on its mettle. The sequel of the story, as told by the Nagambie newspaper, was, that it was rumored that the station-master had requested to be removed from the haunted place. The further sequel it is now our province to relate. The station-master's wish was acceded to. He was removed, and his placewas taken by a person who forwardedus his name and address, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith, and as an indication where we might make post-office orders pay able to him. Our Special Correspondent, installed a station-master at Nagambie, determined to E SIT UP AND WAIT FOB THE ARRIVAL OF THE GHOST 1 Precisely as the clock struck twelve, the apparition made its apearance, clad in white, and with face of aeath-like hue, as had een reported. Our Special Correspondent, delighted at the punctual arrival of it that he expected, lost no time in getting out his tablets, ready to take shorthand notes of the conversation, and began by asking the ghost to state as explicitly, and in as few words as possible, what its little game was. The spectre seemed not displeased at being thus addressed, and with a very immaterial attempt at a spirit smile, IT PARTED ITS LIPS, AND SPOKE TO THE MORTAL ! The words sounded faint and far-off, as if conveyed by telephone from some distance, but they were distinct enough to be perfectly intelligible. "I am a wretched spirit," said the ghost, " doomed for a certain term to walk the night" "Yes, quite so—Shakespeare 1" interrupted Our Special Correspondent. "You just give me the prose facts, and I'll put in the poetical padding for the papers myself. What do you do it for?" " I cannot rest in my grave until I have seen them !" answered the disembodied spirit, in a melancholy tone of voice. " Ah !" returned our sympathizing Special Correspondent. " Mo ther, I suppose, and want to have one more glimpse at the lov'd ones left behind upon earth. Very natural, and does credit to you, for it shows that, although you have shuffled off this mortal coil, you still retain the most heavenly of human feelings, a mother's love." The spirit shook its head sadly. "Not for a sight of my loved children," it said, " do I re- visit the glimpses of the moon. Ah, no J no J Bat my troubled spirit must walk the night for ever, and for ever, and for ever, until I have seen them." " No doubt," cried our Special Correspondent, " you are actuated by a very praiseworthy motive, but let me ask you to consider whether the game is worth the candle after alL I don't know who them is, but a respectable lady ghost like you shouldn't be knocking about at this time of night without an escort. Don't you think that you could rake up some male apparition, some elderly phantom, so that there would be no grounds for spectral slander, to accompany you ?" 'No, I must travel on alone," said the ghost, "until my unearthly eyes have seen them. I am seeking rest, but is written that I shall not find it until I have seen them." "Them?" cried our Special. "Who? Which? What?" "The accounts of Berry's Embassy Expenditure!" cried the ghoat. " I cannot rest in my grave till I have seen them." That Nagambie ghost still walks the night in its weary quest— still is seeking rest and the Embassy Accounts—[And finding none : Note by our Special Correspondent.] 