AMERICA— THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. Although tbe interest in the approach' ing quadrennial struggle manifestly in creases, the uncertainty ai to its issue is jecoming greater than ever. Not long \nr\ if uma prtmmnnltr. KaIiava^ tliaf General Grant would receive the unpre cedented honour of a third appointment to the Presidential office, but it now seems doubtful whether ho will even ba put in nomination. It is also a question whether, should he reach the primary stage of being chosen as a candidate by the majority of the party to which he belongs, it will not- have tha effect of dividing the Republi cans to auch an extent' as will enable their opponents to snatch a victory.' The situation as it stands ai present affords an interesting representation oE the way in which the American ? system practically operates. There cannot ba any doubt that General Grant is just now the foremost man in tho United! States. Were he to stand on his own merits before the nation side by side with all his actual or possible rivals, not one of his competitors would have any chance against him. In case of a plebis cite he would most certainly be elected by an overwhelming majority were it not foe the popular prejudice against a 'third term.' His popularity is due in soma measure to the splendid services he ren dered to the country in closing the civif war. As the restorer of the Union hia friends represent him as the second father of the Republic. Besides this he has produced an impression that he is tha strong man who may be trusted to guar J the interests he fought for, and withal foe more honest than the average. Although liis administration did not afford any bright and Bhining example of official purity, the sin of corruption is not laid at iis door so much as at that of his subor linates, and hope is cherished that undoc trim there would in future bo a better shance for Civil Service reform. Rathor singularly, what might be regarded as a weakness is a point in bis favour. Heisona }f the most silent of public men anywhere, md that, as it appears, rather from want }f ability to speak than anything else. He never makes a speech, for the Bimple reason that he scarcely knows how to put a dozen consecu tive sentences together. As America is a land of orators this pecu liarity might be regarded as unfitting him for public life, but in reality it turns to his advantage. Among the crowd of long-winded declaimers, General Grant, with his constitutional reticence, stands conspicuous and almost alone. Thero may possibly lurk a world of wisdom behind his closed lips. At all events, he never commits himself by launching into rhetoric. He has proved himself capable of doughty deeds, and he there fore gets the benefit of tho supposition. Further than this, his recent tour round the world, and especially the flattering welcome he received at some of tho principal Courts of Europe, tell Btrongly. in his favour. All America felt itself honoured in his person, has welcomed him back with enthusiasm, and, because ' to him that hath shall.be given,' finds in his recent career a fresh reason foe bestowing upon him additional tokens o£ its approbation. Against all this on the one side there is only the fact that a third term of office is regarded with general disfavour. O£ nineteen Presidents who have ruled ovec the United States not one has enjoyed such a distinction. Only seven, of whom General Grant Is one, have been re-elected at all, and the opinion has generally pre vailed that while a second term may, bo desirable under certain circum stances, a third is altogether in admissible. There is something more than mere prejudice or stickling for pre cedents in this ; it is strengthened by a fear lest the spirit of Republicanism itself should be endangered. There is an assumed possibility that a President having a prolonged term of office might constitute himself a Dictator, to the pre judice of the Constitution. Such an ap prehension has a good deal that is chimerical about it, but it nevertheless forms a powerful weapon for Grant's op ponents. There can be no doubt that the professional politicians, whose tactics require it, have sedulously encouraged the objection that has lately gained ground. Had these gentlemen boen out of the way, and were a direct vote of the people to be taken, without the intervention of complicated electoral machinery, there would be little doubt as to the result It might be supposed that in a nation which boasts of its fully, developed democracy such an expression of opinion would be possible, and that the arrangements for recording tho Rational vote would elicit its truo character ; but nothing so simple is allowed to exist. The Constitution provides for an indirect, though popular, election— that is to say, that the President shall be chosen by a college of electors appointed by popular suffrage to do this work ; but its original intention has been manipulated out of all shape. It was intended that the electors should exercisa some discretionary power, but at present they are mere machines, and might almost as well be so many counters stamped with the Barnes for which they are pledged ti vote. Each of them represents a certain party ' ticket,' and the arrangement o£ this ticket calls forth the highest develop ment of electioneering strategy. Tha whole work is in tbe hands of powerful partisan organizations, so that no on a whom they do not take into the sphere of their operations has the ghost of a chanca. Both the great political parties will hold their National Conventions this month. The Republican Convention comes first ; it is to be held at Chicago, and will con sist of somewhere about 750 delegates from the several Slate Conventions. The 'fin* etructions' to these delegates vary almost indefinitely in their character. Some o£ them are sent ' uninatructed,' and are therefore free to join any combination that may arise, others are pledged as to the first ballot only ; there are delegates instructed to put the names of ' favourite Bons' of particular States in nomination, and yet others who have a kind of sliding scale marked out for them. The popu larity of General Grant's candidature until a recent period is evident in the fact that in the Republican State Conven tions held up to nearly the end of April he had the pledged support of almost two thirda. It ia tolerably certain that he will have a considerable majority in the Convention, but it does not at all follow from this that he will receive the nomination of the party. One of the standing objects of the party-managers ia to gnard against division, and should it be found that a determined minority is opposed to the General the whole of their efforts will be devoted to finding a basis of union. It ia under stood that he himself will only accept the nomination if it is offered to him with practical unanimity, and the chances of this seem diminishing. There is no doubt that his name will sLand first in the first ballot, but after that all is doubtful. Should there be a two-tbirda majority the question will be settled forthwith, but if not it ia probable that many of the delegates will regard themselves as having fulfilled their pledges and as being free to enter fresh combinations. In that case there is scarcely a probability that it ia worth while to discuss. Four years ago Mr. James Gillespie Elaine occupied a position somewhat similar to that now held by General Grant. He had the largest number of votes at 'first, bat his opponents were reLolute. Ballot after ballot was taken, and it was not until the seventh that the scattered and divided groups coalesced and gave the nomination to Mr. Hayes. An outsider wa3 chosen ia that instance, affording a striking proof of the extent to which party organization in America dominates the popular will, and the same thing may occur again. At present public attention is absorbed by the forthcoming Republican Conven tion to such an extent that the movements of the Democrats are for the moment almost lost sight of. Nor is there any other public man who divides the interest with General Grant. It is a curious phase of the struggle that the question is not regarded as affecting the merits of him and somebody else, but him and anybody else. It is announced that in the event of his receiving the nomination the anti third-term Republicans have determined to hold another Convention and nominate an independent candidate. Tb'i3 may ba only a threat intended to influence th voting, and meanwhile no name is men tioned as having the general Bupport of the Oppositionists. Senator Elaine will again have his supporters, and indeed in the matter of pledges is believed to come next to Grant. Mr. 'Wasburne, who was formerly American Minister at Paris, is said to be the second choice of most of Grant's supporters. There are numerous other names bandied about, among which those of Senators Sherman, Edmunds, and Conkling are as prominent as any ; but none of them has a large following, and their chances will depend entirely on the accidental combinations that may occur. 'With regard to the Democratic Conven tion that will shortly come off at Cincinnati there is far ieaa uncertainty. In all probability Mr. Tilden will again receive the nomination «f his party. They hold that he was wronged at the last election, and will make -that one ground of appeal to the country on his behalf. He is supported by New York in -spite of Tammany Hall, though in some respects he has lost ground very mate rially during the past fosr years. Should the Republicans split themselves up into sections by the force of personal feeling and prejudice his prospects will improve, but if they avoid disintegration he will not have a chance. Several recent elec tions have proved that the Republicans are relatively to their opponents conside rably stronger than they were at the last Presidential election. It k now a ques tion whether they will maintain their unity or, by sacrificing it, waste their strength. ^^^^^^^^^^^ 