GENERUJ NEWS. A young mun gnaaHj 3. carrier, was recently drowned in a blind creek near Glen times which, had been, flooded by the storm waters. Wig Ave horses were also drowned. The BaUarai Courier states that -Major Smith has been extremely ill during the last few days with pleurisy, caused no doubt by Hi activity Hiring the general election, but latterly biR health has exhibited decided improvement. The leading sensation amongst the "upper most ten1' when the last F-ngliwb mail left was that the young Princes, Albert, Victor and George (sons of J. J. Casey's friend, the Prince of Wales), had been persuaded by some of their shipmates on board of the Bacchante tollow themselves to be tatooed, and a small anchor haw been executed on the nose of each of the lads. Their parents are very angry, and the question is, can the uiarl-fi be obliterated I Only that the story cornea bom an undoubted source, we should be iiwIwaH to regard it as a scene from one of Marryatt'a novels, with an alteration of rather than an actual occurrence of the sober and decorous year 1879. A telegram from Adelaide, to the effect that an indignant spouse had detained his eloping bride, who sought a passage in pleasnreable company by the steamship Deccan, excited some amusement and enquiry on Monday morning. Five days ago, writes the correspondent of the Star, the fair — and, by my troth, she might well have stood as a model for the Veuus of Milo, so perfect is her symmetry — was a resident of a banking establishment in a suburb of Melbourne, Although she was accustomed to conceal her legal name from motives of discretion, she was liked and flattered much. And now she has made as much domestic pother as her fair relative, who not five years back excited the curiosity of the lgi'sh public by ap pearing on the wrong ride in a cause celebre in the Divorce Court. Verily there is some thing in blood after alL It is not anticipated that opposition will be offered to the re-election of Slinisters, and the premature announcements made on the subject have been withdrawn. Mr. A. T. Clark, of Williamstown, has intimated, how ever, that he will not only resign his seat for his borough, but contest Sandridge as an opponent to Dr. Madden, the Minister of Justice. The opinion entertained in Sand ridge of persons across the water is not such as to render it at. all likely that Mr. Clark can poll any more rotes than Mr. Yeomans obtained on the 28th February. Should hlr. Clark vacate Williamstown, that constituency is to be handed over to Sir Bryan O'Log&en;, who has made up his mind not to appear ajrainat anv of the Ministers, unless he is in- vited to do so in an irresistible way. On Tuesday, the 13th April, the South Australian Government have resolved to open for selection the immense area of 97,929 acres of land in the neighborhood of the Kingston and Narracoorte railway. The Marraooorte Herald states that "thisisthelaxgest&reaof; land ever thrown open in the south-east at one time. Since the Government have signi fied their intention of opening this country we believe a large number of fanners from Victoria and elsewhere have inspected the land with a view of settling npon it. The Victorians are mostly men who have cleared their present holdingB and have a cash bal ance; but finding 320 acres too limited for future operations they that they will have a wider scope for their capital in the 1000 acres which the South Australian Government allows as the maximum selection. We would impress upon the lands depart ment the advisability of giving intending selectors every facility for coming to a definite conclusion about their purchases. Plans of the area should be scattered broad cast over the country ; and it would not be a bad plan to send a few dozen to the principal border towns in Victoria." A strange story reaches the Bendigo lades' pendent from the heepwash. A few even ings since, four woodcarters were returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sheep- wash. The night was dear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached the Junction hotel, they turned of on a bush track, and travelled along for a short distance. Suddenly they saw approaching them, the figure of a headless female draped in white, and gKHin£ along apparently without any exertion. Bach woodcarter was riding in his own dray. They gazed with fascinated horror on the spectacle, none of them able to speak. A curiosity about this efcrange yffialr is that the men say that directly it passed one waggon it became invisible to those sitting in the other cart. Thus it appeared to each woodcarter, one after the other. Although dressed in white, there appeared to be ayellowish hue surroundingthc figure. For four nights in succession, the ghost (or whatever it was) was seen, and the wood carters became at last so afraid that when they are now going home with the empty drays, they all ride together. Had the story been related to ub oy one person only, few people would place any credence in it, but when half-a-dozen men emphatically relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have, however, arranged to "pot " the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. The Argus says that Mr. Longmore could not be expected to go out of office without doing something for the faithful pair of in forming baliffs whose reports have led him into holding numerous purposeless enquiries, only profitable to persons like Mr. Fisher. Mr. M'Lean, stationed at Shepparton, aud Mr. Tattam, at Echuca, have been appointed senior bailiffs for the Eastern and Western Bailiwicks. For many years past there has only been one senior bailiff in the whole colony, the efficient and intelligent officer in chaige of the Metropolitan dirtrict, whose important duties as custodian of the city parks and gardens have entitled him to a slightly better position than officers in choree of rural districts. The appointment of Itx. M'Lean andMr. Tattaozn to act as supervisors over other country bailiffs is only likely to create confusion , but the main object which the ex-Minister bad was doubtless to provide his protegee with an increase of salary pynninting in each case to £50 a-year. The mannpr in which. Mr. M'Lean's conduct was exposed at the Lands Commission inquiry by Mr. Byron Moore would have deterred anybody except Mr. Longmore from singling him out for promotion, while the needless expense which the reports of Mr. Tattam have thrown on the department deserved no encouragement. A Mr. A W. Bucknell writes a letter to the Sydney Morning Herald of 5th March upon the exportation of frozen meat, in which he states that it is proposed to erect large cooling-rooms at Gleoe Island, fitted with the BeU-Colman apparatus, in which to rtore 10,000 hodiesof 1>eef and 50,000 sheep. " It being very deep water at Glebe Island, the large ocean-going steamers can lie alongside the cooling-rooms and load, and the fact of a large quantity of meat being always in store. be delayed in loading, and it is thought will induce-their owners to make the necessary preparations before leaving London. Below is a calculation by which it will be seen that after adding about 50 percent, to the present value of fat stock, a retarn -of at least cent per cent, might be reasonably hoped for on an outlay of £100,000 : — Beef A bullock of 700 lb — selling price in London, 4|d per lb, £13 2s 6d ; value of bide and tallow, £1 10s— £14 12s 6d; cost here, adding 50 per cent, to present value/£6J; freight, l|d per lb, £4 7s 6d ; expenses, say £1.10s — £11 17s Gd ; ' profit on each bullock; £2 15s. Sheep : Say 5Qflb weiher, -in JLondnn, £tr«5d, -£1 3s 4d ; skin and fat (low average), 3a' "8d — £1 7s; cost kere(addmgmu£hto present value), 10s ; freight, £ d -7 ! expenses. say 3b— £1 profit on one sheep, 7& 500 'bollocks per week, £1375 ;5OO0 sheep per week, £1750— £3125. Deducting : £1125 tor possible con tingencies, ;.the profit stated above would still remain V" -Hie Brisbane correspondent of the Sydney 'Morning Herald remarks that people in- Bris- bane are a little carious to know how far a policeman is warranted' in shooting a man who baa ftwnwitH no greater offence than .running away from him A few" Bays ago a robbery was committed on the South Pine River, and two mounted constables, in scour ing 'the district, saw a 'man at a roadside hotel who is wril known to the police as hav ing served a term pf imprisonment at St. Helena. . Finding pf he had been living in the neighborhood of the robbery for a little "while, one of the policemen" fastened . tipon him at once as4he .probable bniglar. He approached him to arrest him on - suspicion of committing the rebbery, but the man got away and can round the inn to the backyard, -closely pursued by Constable rO'KeiL - The jnM3iairaaUy- triedhisbestifo-£scape.<33ifl constable ebon ted, "£ yon -do not stand, I ing his revolver, aiming low, sending a ballet through tire «ilf of hia leg and bringing him to the ground. He was so badly hurt that the police had to bring in their game in the goal van, and to this moment the man remains in the hospital under treat- ment. When the prisoner is brought before the magistrates it is expected that something will be said as to the expediency, if not legality or otherwise, of Constable O'Neil's remarkable pot-shot. 