CARMEN& CLARIGEi OB, 7. ,Whicli Heart was Truest./ 1 ' A BTOET OF THE ATFECT1ONS. - . CHAPEHK XXXVI. ? ins earl and countess went home to Lancodene for Christmas. Lord Byeburn could .not endure the thought of spending it in Italy. He longed to be at home. It was for Luncedene he had sacrificed himself and his. love, and the estate, he. iY-U, needed his presence. Lady Clarice also wished to retnrn. She thought t jr husband would learn, to love her better in : '?-? t quietof Lancedene than he could in the midst .1 the gaiety and brilliancy of Continental life. :x- ihat they were toothplearadto return to»Eng- i ; yas a cold December night whomthey reached ti .: IIjiI. There traE no grand reception such eb t;:i- tenantry would fain hove given to their i.oii'jnred and beloved young master and his Uuiitiful young wife. Some -actd™ energetic spirit had snggested a torchlight procession to the station and back ; but it. was negatived by more sensible and matter-of-fact people. When the earl and the counteEsgseached the railway-station, the carriage was waiting for them. ' Suppose we drive through the -woods instead/ r: along the Ligk- read,' said Lord Eyeburn. ' V.'ould you like it, Clarice ?' 1 Yi .-? . more than anything else,' she replied. Thrc-ajrh the beautiful wood? of Laneede»e-a ; j oi.i' drive had been made which shortened the ;'..:dfrcuithe Btation by many miles; andlthat ruJ, on a rioonlit night in. December, -was 1 .re ^ -Ji'eam of fairr-lnnd. On thin nio-Vif iiha . '..?-?.! sL :-ne silvery bright. Great hands of light is.) ,.?.. tii' bare trees, and the fine traoery of the ijsr.. :. ? a-jches stood out in clear relief against the t-pi:i :'r -. . Sliadcws of wondrous grace and weird lite- i. |-.i..L lay upon the ground. The travellers. }« i:- . ? ?:?.? ™rasd old oaks that had stood for L-uitiirji-..,, the spra&ding; elms, the graceful ash irtc.-.. e^it^g every now and then across a gronp, vl l)o!i::-a, the skiing leaves and scarlet berries' cA t, i.i-.i: .listened in the light of the moon. It v.isa l.:-i'iant Boene. The hoar-frost and the ieicl't ivii'.cted the silver moonbeams, the wind Bwave' ??.)_:? tall trees to and fro, wailing first of'! the cc :il of winter, and then rising into a grand; anther of defiant triumph. V.'lisa the tall fowers and quaint pile of build ings came in sight, Lady Clarice gave a low 'cry of delight. Then she was silent for some minutes; at last she said — , * Arnim, it is a poem in stone. Mo wonder you love it. So this is Lancedene ?' , 'This is tho domain of-'.which youarelkequeen* he responded. His heart was wtrm-with h»ve for hlslhome. jHe xdrew her nearer to him and kissed her. ? Let me do now what I have never done before/* he said. 'Let me thank you- for Lancedene; but for you it would have gone from me. You saved it, and in the name of every -Byeburn who ever lived there I thank yon.' Her faoe was radiant ? with Selight. Ho had never spoken so tenderly to her. ? I was right in thinking that Lancedene would change him/ she Baid to herself. - He is a- different man already.' To him sheianswered, * Ii loved Lancedene, but I loved yon better, Anim.' The simple words ? touched him. She loved deeply, this lovely woman, who had given him heci wealth and hsr beauty. He sprang out of the carriage -when it Etopced at the great hall door. No servant's hand should help her when she took possession, for the first time, of the home ehe had redeemed for him. ?Welcome to Lancedene!' he said, as.' ehe crossed the threshold. ' Welcome home !' Her eyes filled with tears -of happiness. Had no ?one. been present, she would have clasped her arms round his neck and have told him how much Ehe loved him ; but ? he hall was lined with ser vants, all opening eyes of wonder as the lovely face flashed before them. She passed on, her movements all grace, her smile all Bunshine; and as the new Lady of Lancedene walked between sot have sacrificed much for her, not a woman whose heart did notfdllow her. The travellereiwent into a handsome drawing room where a bright fire burned, and a-fiilver tea service ehone on the. table, whftre rich and fragrant flowers gave forth a pleasant sperfume. Then again he best down and kissed the ex quisite face, alwaysiso full of love andtendernesBj for him. : ? .? . ?' ? When- you; tore ttested a 'littlei* he said, II should like to show you the house myself. I ought to be the one to introduce you to theitome you have preserved to the Byeburns.' Lady Clarice enjoyed the refreshing tea. She glanced at her huBband, and smiled. ? I have a curious sensation/ ehe su9, '=of be-, ing at home for the first time in my life.' 'I hope the sensation will continue/ he re turned ; 'it ought to do so? When ebe had rested, he tool her over the magnificent mansion, through suite after suite of superb rooms, some of which had been fitted for .the reception of kings and queens, all beautifully furnished and decorated — through long corridors lined with statueB and flowers, up broad oak stair cases, with their carpeting of crimson cloth. The magnificence, the luxury and artistic taste struck even Lady Clarice, who had seen taany beantif ul ancestral hills. ' Tour rooms, said .Lord Kyeburn,_ * are in the ?western wing; they etb the brightest and prettiest in the house. We will go -and see them. My mother had the arrangement of your boudoir ; she choEe the pictures for it herself. I hope you will be pleated with it, Clarice.* . . *X have always thought Lady Ryehurn's taste perfect/ ehe remarked. ' I am gnre -to be pleased.' And her ladyship's bondoir ma indeed moat charming. The ceiling was a painteU oner/the hangings were of blue velvet and silver; the pictures and statues were most choice; the light from the Jprettv artistic lamp wu soft and white. Lady Clarice gave & little cry of satisfaction. 'How beautiful it all is, Arnim 1* -she eaid. ?Anyone can see that this room was prepared by some one that loved me.' V The first thing that attracted Lprd Byeburn'e attention was the picture that bis wife had admired and purchased in Verona. It stood oat in bold relief from the hangings. ~ He had seen just such sorrow in Carmen's eyes, juet such pain. HawaBnotBnpenJJttpgs.btitit Bfcrackhim ii being str*oge;ihat-Bi»\fim thing ?Aw aaw,- on entering tiiB w^'a SnwffiffliWs:.th» stragioal faoe that was co^ilr^CaanenBj^iiv''' §?? Hisowm iaetr Talancheairvfin te.^the «pi j ha Wife looked at him, and aaiMoUoirea »he direo ' My picture disturbs you/ she eaid ; ' younever did like it ; but you need .not -look as though you had sees a ghost. I think, Arnim, I shall have it taken down. I am superstitious about it. When I came into the room, I had a wild fancy that those dark eyes looked sternly at me, that the lips parted and said, ' We will live together at last.' I could have eworn that I heard these very words; of course it was all fancy.' ' What else could it be ?' answered Lord Ejeburn. Yet, though be made light of her speech, and tried to laugh, there wa6 an impression of some thing disagreeable and uncanny on his irind. Why should Carmen's sweet sad face greet him on his coming home P It was certainly, from its wonder ful resemblance, Carmen's face. They parted then, and Lady Clarice went to dreBB for dinner. An hour afterwards Lord Bye burn stood in the great drawing-room, which was brilliantly illuminated in honour of his return. He had drawn aside the rich hangings, and stood watching the moonlight on the hoar-frost. Ho heard the faint rustle of a long sweeping train of silk ; the delicate perfume of violets which his wife always used, seemed to float Over him. The next moment two white arms were placed round his neck and a sweet flovrer-like face was close to his own. ' Kiss me, Arnim/ she Baid — it was the first time she had voluntarily caressed him or used such words. Kiss me, and listen to me for a fen moments.' Her head nestled against his breast, but the delicate hand that played with the buttons of his coat did so nervouslv. the graceful ficure with tho flowing silk and trailing laces seemed to Bhrink from the arms that enfolded it. ' Only a fewjnoments/ she repeated gently. 'I want to tell you how very happy I am, Arnim.' ? I am delighted to hear it, my darline. Tou ought to be nappy/ he returned ; and then it struck him that it was the first time he had ever used the word ' darling' to her. * That is not aU/ she continued shyly. * I want to tfill you something else.' ' Tell me, Clarice,' he said. ' I don't like to do so. I am afraid— ashamed/ she confessed, with a sudden hot flush on her lovely face. ? Still I came to say it, and I will say it. I am very happy, Arnim, and I love you very much indeed.' ' Was that what you wanted to say ?' he asked gently, feeliDg? that he was quite unworthy of this pure and beautiful love. ' Yes; I have often desired to say it before, bnt I did not like to Bay so. I have repeatedly wondered if you knew how dearly I loved you.' The ; lustrous eyes raised to his face were full of love. She saw nothing there that resnonded to her own great affection — nothing but a little bewilderment and a little pain. With a gesture of :wondrous grace ehe raised her hands to his face and touched it gently. ' Is tnere any shadow between us, Arnim ?' she asked wistfully; and he answered steadily — ? No.' ' Then we shall be happy together in our new home and our new life/ she Baid. ' And I am glad that I have to'.d you at last how dearly 1 love you, my love.' 