The Advertiser TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1880. As the Act for extending the jurisdiction of Local Courts is now in operation it will probably be of interest to consider to what extent the administration of the law will ke affected by it. Under the Local Court* Act of 18G1 Courts of Limited Jurisdiction were empowered to adjudicate upon claims Dot exceeding twenty pounds, and Courts of Full Jurisdiction upon claims sot exceeding ofce hundred pounds, and the Governor was authorised to assign to any court the powers of full and limited jurisdiction, or of limited jurisdiction only. As a matter of fact, however, we believe that no courts have been established with, the powers of limited uriadictioo only, and it was therefore wise on the part of the Legislature to give to all Courts of Full Jurisdiction at present established the extended powers conferred by the first part of the new Act. I'nder die measure as it passed through bath Bouses of Parliament the jurisdiction was extended to five hundred pounds, and although etrong opposition was offered to the extended powers proposed to be con ferred on Local Courts no objection was raised to the particular sum of tire hundred pounds. Subsequently, as our readers are aware, it transpired that the Government had advised the Governor to reserve the Bill toi Her Majesty's assent on the grouad tLat it came within that class of Bills referred to in the Royal instructions to the Governor, as '<of an extraordinary nature and importance, whereby our prerogative or the rights aud property of our subjects not residing in our said colony may be pre judiced." It is unnecessary to refer to the proceedings which took place in the Assembly on Mr. Bray pointing out that the advice had been given, except to state that the objection has been entirely re moved by the limitation of the jurisdiction to four hundred pounds instead of to five hundred as originally proposed. As some misuDdentanOiiig etill exists as to the grounds of objection it may be wall to state that appeals to the Privy Council are provided for underaa Imperial Act and regu lations made by the Privy Council, and so far ss South Australia is concerned die Im perial regulations provide that there shall be an appeal " from the Supreme Court of South Australia" iv casus where the tmount in dispute is not leas, than £500. If, therefore, Lc?al Courts had urisdiction to the extent of £SJO here would be no appeal from them to the Privy Council, inasmuch as the Imperial regulations only provide for an appeal from ' the Supreme Court; and it was because of this that the advice was given to withhold the Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon. The effect of the Act is to giva jurisdiction to Local Courts to the amount of £400 in all cases where formerly their jurisdiction was limited to £100, and in actions of eject ment in cases where the rent does not exceed £100 instead of £52 as under the original Local Courts Act. Some objection has been taken to the measure on the ground that it does not provide for jurisdiction in equity cases. To attempt to do this it wou(d~be neces sary to introduce an entirely new system of procedure into the present Local Courts, and it would probably require nme such elaborate scheme as that submitted by the Attorney- General for the establishment of District Courts to carry it into effect Equity cases are, however, very rare, and it is urged by those who supported the passing of the Act that it is sufficient at the present time to provide for the exten sion of the administration of the com mon law and to make greater nee- of existing machinery without complicating the matter by introducing a system of equity procedure with which our special magistxates have had no opportunity of becoming acquainted. They urge that if a special magistrate and two justices; of the peace are compstent to satisfactorily deciue in cases for tha recovery of £100 they must be competent to deiide in similar cases for £300 or .£409 under the same system of procedure. The Act of 1851 provides that in case any p&rty; to an action where not less than tbe value of £30 is in dispute be Sissatisfied with the decision of a Local Court on a point of law, or the admission or rejection of evidence, he may appeal to the Supreme Cuuri, sod thus right of appeal applies to cases under the new Act. The Government proposed to introduce a clause, which was however rejected by the Assembly, to allow appeals on facts as well as on law, or in other words to allow- an appeal in every case. Hie objection to this seems to be that a wealthy litigant could in all cases postpone a final decision in a case by appealing when the judgment of the court wm against him; and there is, too, some force in the remark that a special magistrate and two justices who saw the witnesses and heard their evi dence would probably be as well able to 1 decide what were the actual facts of the rase as the Judges of the Supreme Court, who would neither see the witnesses nor hear the evidence, but be guided by the wiiUen notes of the special magistrate. So far as insolvency jurisdiction is co:i* cernedthe Act recently pissed does njt that all L)jsl Courts eh ill b: Local Courts of Insolvency, but enables t'ae Governor by proclamation ia th-s Gocernmmt Gazette to confer this jurisdic tion on any narucnlar court or courts The want of some court in the Sauth- Bastern District bavin; the powers of the .Court of laaotvency has been admitted for many years past, mod the acheme proposed by Mr. Bray appears to be the only one that has been suggested by which those powers can be conferred without the appointment of a second Commissioner of Insolvency. The Legis lative Council inserted an amendment requiring the consent of a certain number of creditors to be obtained to enable anj proceedings to be token in a Local Court of Insolvency; butwiien it was pointed oat that tae proceedings axe. nsually initiated by a creditor, who while well aware of the fact that a debt was owing to himself would probably be entirely unacquainted vi ith the names of tbe other creditors and the asKmnta due to them, the Legislative Council did not insist on the amendment lower is, however, given to cause the pro ceedings in any insolvency to be removed to or from the Court of Inaolveiicy in Ade laide at the wishes of the creditors; aod as under tbe new insolvency measure the con d^tofthepiuceedingsandthennaldischarse of the insolvent will mainly devolve on the creditors, we see no reason te anticipate any difficulty in the working of this part of the Act. Taking it as a whole the Act is cer tainly one that ought to facilitate tbe ad ministration of the law throughout the colony, and we have every hone that the various special magistrates will prove them selves equal to the satisfactory dUcharge of the important duties entrusted to them by the Act to extend the jurisdiction of Loca Courts. Tin: condition of the Jewish population iv K'^inud contrasts favorably with that of the Hebrew race in some other pirts of I'm ope and in the East. Their civil rights are protected. They can worship after the manner of their fathers without restraint. They can take the* 1 * proper share in the ljusinees of the country and of the locali ties in which they live. .No one now hears of Jewish grievances either in die denial of natural justice or proceeding from popular insult. And they have well deserved the position they have gained in public opinion* far there are no more orderly citizens than they. The character and conduct of same leading members of their community have won tor them just admiration. Some hare been distinguished artists, some have been munificent patrons of Art; and the Jews as a body throughout the country have commanded respect by their intelligent benevolence. But in countries less favored than ours they have been denied their natural rights as men; and the nearer we approach to Palestine, the cradle of their, race, the more wretched does their con dition appear to be. Of all dominions, the Ottoman lower has been the most intole rant. At different times it has oppressed with equal severity Its Christian and its Jewish subjects. If the Chri?tians have suffered less, it has not been from any re lenting towards them of the dominant power, but because in other nations they have had powerful protectors. It is, on the contraiy, the hapless position of the Jews that they have no nation and no central Government, and tha passions of the Turk seem to be even more eEvenotti^d against them than against the ChrisC lanfl* *l " tue ?^ 'cud between the j^hnw^*6 and the Israelite. But the Jews .have learnt to look to Christian countries tur tbe protection they need, and to none has th«/ appeal been more effectually made than to the J*ritish Govern ment. The threatening sipoot S* { affairs in the East has caused greater anxitiv/ *? no Bet of men than to the Jews, and they have banded themselves together for the pro tection of their weaker brethren. The Alliance Israelite Univereelle is an asso ciation having two objects—one specific, the other general. Its specific object is to seek ■such aid from the powerful Governments of Europe as may protect the liberty of their co-religionists, wherever they may be. The more general object is the diffusion of edu cation, and the promotion of the physical, moral, and Bocial welfare of their people. With this is now connected tha Augb- Jewish Association, which has branches or agencies in England, the East and West Indies, Morocco, New Zealand, and Aus tralia. Ib Adelaide we lave a branch with eeventy-three subscribing members. The reason d'etre of such an association is sufficiently obvious, and in its ninth annual report a good account is given of work done during the past year. From the first it has watched with the utmost anxiety the progress of events in Roumania, where it will be remembered the first proceedings of the new Government were in the highest degree oppressive to the Jewish popula tion. The Associated Jews rejected all com promise or concession on the part of that Go vernment short of the full civil liberty and equalitysecuredforthe Jews in Boumania by the 44th article of the Treaty of Berlin. They sought the aid, first of the Marquis of Salisbury, and again, this year, of Earl Granville ; and at last an assurance was ex torted from the Roumanian Government that it would favor the farther admission of Jews to all civil and political rights "as far as circumstances would admit," In point of fact scarcely 2,000 persons have as yet been emancipated; yet it is considered that "a great moral advance has been made." The Jews in that country are now aware that they have powerful friends who are continually working for their welfare. In Morocco the Jews had been subjected not only to civil disabilitjbut to grievous per sonal indignities. The privileges secured to them by a special finnan, granted in 1864 at the instance of Sir AL Montefiore, had been practically disregarded. There were re peated unprovoked murders of Jews either left wholly unpunished, or punished by come penalty so trifling as to be in itself a fresh insult. "In same instances," says the | report," the compensation paid for taking I the life of a Jew was barely equal to the sum required for purchasing a beast of burden." Through Sir J. D. Hay, the English Minister at Tangier, the associa tion insisted on the restoration of the privi leges of 1864, on the exemption of Jews from the cruelty of the bastinale at the arbitrary command of the Moorish authori ties, and on their admission to equitable treatment before the tribunals of justice. A like vigilance has been exercised orerthe Jews in Russia, Serria, and Bulgaria. They acquit the Russian Government of de liberate persecution, though the police emulations are troublesome and exacting, and from certain districts, such as the terri tory of the Don Cossacks, Jews see by law excluded. But in Serria and Bulgaria there had been much suffering inflicted by the authorities or by the populace unre strained by the authorities. The account given of the more general work of the association is full of interest- Vaccination is carefully attended to in countries which have not adopted our pro. tective sanitary arrangements. Great ac_ tivity has been shown in the promotion of schools, and especially schools fop Jewish girls. During the last jeai %jrrant? in aid amounting in all to £859 •ere made to schools in Bagdad, Beyrcnt, Mogadore, Philippopolw, Saloaka, Smyrna, Sofia, Tnnis, and Widdin; and efforts of the same kind an being made at Jerusalem ?md Constantinople. Mmiufna Fernanda*, who has devoted fcenalf to the education of Jewish girls, thus aketches to Jewish women what eke conceives it is their duty to do :—u We hare to enlighten and to edify our children by means of the writings and the doings of the ancients; to make them active and industrious in order that they may cultivate the habits of virtue; above all, to instil in tha heart of die Jewish child a love of its fellow- creatures, so that eventually it shall perceive the difference between tbe egotist, who in the end hates even himself, and the friend of huma nity, who cheers himself in cheering others." The Baroness Bardett-Coutte has aided the fund for Jewish girls' schools in the East with a donation of £100, to which the hue attached the chaMcterirtfcally practical condition that " the girls shall be taught such plain rules for the preservation of health as may be drawn up in accordance ' with the opinions of competent professional | men." Those who remember the Rev. W- X- Fletcher's description of the sanitary condition of Jerusalem will be disposed to repard this condition as by no means super fluous. It is one of the recommendations of tne Anglo-Jewish Association that ad vantage shall be taken of the occasion of the Melbourne Exhibition to hold an inter colonial Jewish Conference, but we have not heard whethei it is intended to carry out this suggestion. The report baa just been published of M. Schoeasler of the French Commission at the Melbourne Exhibition, a gentleman who has had extensive experience in vine disease, and who was specially em ployed by the Victorian Government to examine the vineyards in the Geelong dis trict and to report as to the extent of the thread of the phylloxera vastatrix. The document places beyond doubt that the plague exists in the district in question in a very marked degree; indeed M. Schoessler states that he has been atrac-k wi th ihe fact that the anim&lcuis; are larger and more vigorous than those he has seen in France, bo much co that he was at first led to believe they were a different species. He is, how ever, now convinced they are the same as that which has devastated so ma:*y vineyards in Europe. It is some satisfaction to find he is of opinion that if proper precautions be taken there is little reason to fear the spread of the disease beyond the infected districts. The only means by which the peet can be disseminated—unless the insect is introduced by transplanting a vine stOoi>. horn an infected vineyard into one not diseased—is by natural migration iv the winged state; but the insect's powers of Sight are happily limited even when aided by the wind, and for this reason M. Schoessler believes that if cure be taken not to permit the transplantation of vines from the Geelong district the disease may be kept within it As to the best means of eradicating the pest in the places where it has appeared, M Sehoessler reprets he is unable to sug gest any infallible means. He does not, however, advise that the Government tli'Hild order all the vines within the in fected localitv.te be uprooted «nd indem nify the owners, as «bcb aTteonree, in hi* opinion, "would lie ins financial aspect impracticable and abnormal, for the reason that the vines being doomed to periak, there is no reason whatever for the Btate to gototheexpenseof destroyingthein." In Eupportoftbisviewliepoiiitto??thatitfcaa now been tolerably well ascertained in Europe that vines affected with phylloxera mutt die in the course of three years. Hia opinion on this point is one which is well worthy of being noted by the Governments # of other colonies, in order'tint thevmar act with discretion in the event of tbe disease appearing elsewhere than in Vic toria. It seems that the course to be pur sued to prevent its spread under exisW circumstances is that the fauoplHutstion of, vines from an infected district thfcull be strictly forbidden, and that vignerohs should pay .attention to ' the careful uprooting of all diseased vines, nd the destruction by burning of all runuiea and cnuSnge. ~ If this be done M. .Schoeealer expreeeee aft <$inion that, as has been the case in Europe, it will be found in a certain period that y some yet unexplained natural ause the disease will ceaae to tttread m the vineyards infected. M Sehoeusler oncludeehi? report by a abort diagnosis of the phylloxera and its metamorphoses. The document is one which will well repay perusal by all persons interested unrated growing in the colonies, as it is impossible to say how soon the practical jidrice he gives may be needed- chewbere than in Victorilt - ■----'*.■-• -.. -: A large number of amnsemeots bare been arranged for 10-day for ttae benefit of the public. Tbe aham fight at i?rownhiilOesekia likely toafctoaet «?«id«Ttffl? attention —^mg thote who ere fond of tile "redcoats," and the manoeuvre* thai axe to be gone through will amply repay the visitor. Basea are amxmnaet totokepWeatioekJey^Beaai,ai.d Xerowie. while on the Exhibition Gtonnda sod «n the Kensington Oval picS?s *are to be held. A muted temperanjpe «ia take place onthe Alberton X^feiTathleiieaporta are announced at the Grange, while at tbe same township the foundation-ataMe of a, Baptist Church is to be laifl. A fete in aid «t Bt, UicbaeV* parsonage bidding land istobelield atKetherbyPark,Mittvi. —*- * T-jtiaiaar in aid of the innaa «* 8«l Pet£i. 6ei*)|xoam ? mil be opened in toe OJeaefe *—**-*?_ Those persons on pleasure bent 'and rttamaw of Laving a trip en the briar wi? have* aateaM did opportunity of enjoying waemtetnM ft* taking a tan eeroaa the Q<dtt?BdithbargMa - the steamer Bmn, which leavaa Pott Ad?taUa for that pott on the arrival eTUie S^Oim train from Adelaide, MtamW is time tm££& tbeOSO pas. train sac town! Otber hiffaXS eeeketa who do sot with to so so far fcm botee can take a nra *a> Olawtla ia >Hii ateamer Artrlaftte, winch tevaa'tbe PorTW -11 o'ekdt h tbe monomg; xetamiug akbfSy before 9 ?Vloefc" in' tfce' evening. *" Jpfie entiling of the Wosdaue Instrtme m to be celebrated fay avarS?kec match.* tee i |M and a eonecrt: A tta aaeethg'-'4a eaMeawaa with tbe fUwjpbowi Baptist ■Oharch ■■**&**■-■ followed by. poMfe aMtfac. la the**«ate the attnetfoaa m a eoaoMrtn tte Alkert HaY, Pirie*trcct, by the Aoeieda la«dertattt> nerforaMitaeat *be Aoadeenyttf atuAs fcyUba Hibernian Dramatfe: Otabj aada teaantawK < rtainment in tbe Recbabite?fttt, QwmafaXJt. . eaid« tb«e there iwfllbe fee proiaction of Pinafore-.ttheTlieatie?oyal.aBd feotaawk epparTs entertainment at GarnerV fbeatre. The strike of narvieson the Vairoe ftail-" vmj line «till dngs its weary length along, aad nothing face taken place between fchecao^kboi and tbe cms with* view *r Vr * ring arrived at. A large lumber of the men >avegoae«way, end those who nmnaaatM * detaadnattancoacandoafe. - , ~" --,- The Foil Court will at to take the fist acd general bodaeai oa Ihwseay next. BytbeateamerSoathAosteaian, which arrived tram Ifritawtrna an SlimA*w iMtAf Mr. B. Beta, JtP., wWiMewngerT ;::11-- The eteamer Somerset arrived at Port Darwin from Sydney via Cooktown onNovem ber «, and railed agaia on Hovcanbu 7. paMenger by tbe Atjeb, whiebaMfadonManday, ismaki?gataip toNotfo&ldaad.; ' < Mr. G. W. Hawkee, gj£, who m* * We are informed that Hie almond crop in Jtbe Julia near falair ton aaaaj? wOI feeaatt- U>Bbtlimg.a«tbe«bale of 4be4r r ~«b?«waaa •mothered with faUght, and thefroithe* entirely died away. We iaapaeted eeveral tne* apan which the bUgbt «na tfuek, and from whtebthe f.mthadaHo^tediai^Urad. <nu^IDS The name of Mial*.j&anjaras; omitted from theliatof-ailnwri paaawignajy the ateamec Aldinga, whichaafledforMdboume on?iday but. The Thalaa, steamer, kam Hongkong arrived at Port Darwin, on Monday, Kovember 8, vitb W fOUMai^aaatngeni, and 210 tana of cargo for Bart Darwin. The fiteamer Governor Hunaro will leave ftet AdeWe* .iUa afianaon, te take atpreitotfaeligbSoia?aonJtteaootlieaiteoaat. Itispow?ble thatabe wffl«atlmatoaaofa* port* for His BzoeOeneyfiieGoTeraar, wfaofii on hia way back from Mulanauie. The following tnlfgnun haa been receivad by tbe Minister of Sdaaaionfrom the Actiaf Gonmncat Beaideat at Start Darwm:— -nwwwarr aiiindto aaytromgydnty with one bandied aad tbirw-foariOnaenVDdfoar Sara. peanaforb«a,aadalaDfar^tDaaofcarga* A notioe posted m Ha General Boat* Office atafeea tba* to>daj befag a pahlie beliday, rrtrp.!*^ effiaeaia flood. AoataS wSlle doud between 10 aoo.asd opjn. Aa oSccr waibeia attenoaaeeat «m enaf«Baa dariagttadaj.wadaan wt?ina—iauiu?Hjd <iih by rjaglngVw UUlike badkolthe oafee. , The fnllowimg iaav jeoata-of Ui* feain f.n ?eta«<a{ * *m. on Jhtedq •**+* tern baarwa atb?daji—-v - ' Messrs, Bruce & Start, eolkatora, siting for Mr. Dimean Grant, tte wUhaulut *•■"-! iTr iTmtitr fTirnrwt ■■ iatmni injiiipnic). rtEttainmg the Gomaaiaaoaer ot PojSUb ffa&a; f om taking the jeUj wwfanwt of the baairf Mr.Otant, and from Attn lathing teecwrtett*. on the gmnd that Mr. Goa* aas «uM te dmrasd rcdriee, cr to mwm oae single aife, of which the Government officials -—rrhi* Mr. Dowur, Q.CL, appeared Car Me Oooi Information was given to th« oaUcaoa Monday, November B,ty Mr. W. J. CiaaW of Sjdney-phce, Bahln-ettGeb,lib?t imiirfadt ehUd had died anddcor/ la the aagbt. Iht ciild wMwca kyibefMnti tell o'daikia the morning, when H «m all rUbt. bat alter d^bremk tbe matte* §cma& it Wiac«o it. fwe dead. !!** SateA had «my «~! apoe ot baviag died fa wmtbMom, a^te city Mwit, after hcara* Dr. Osi4aar*« oinnM? and makiag <nqoirie?,did net (MMtte >n laqoortarirrMiy. The crmoal flower eerviee in connection with AUSunbr 1 Jave&Be;?oralaod AitSocMy. Hic^manl), was beld on San^r af teraoaa. K«Tcmber 7. Tbere to a large attenianoaflr bothohildre?uida&ilb.; li?wnetw«n« rotdered bj th« <flwjr and Sunday-abao! ■rhttlan. lbeY«B.Anbdw«o?l>vr«d«li«Bnd • very telling addreM on the woi&l; • Oetrfder tbelUkthowth^KnMt." Kb« fend «?ba wer? takes to the Ctdttreofc ant AiUaUeBM. pitsto. Tbe oSerfaxy, aa?bantaagto aboot JES. witl be given te tbe Children** Hospital. The city coroner commenced an eaqairr at the riagrtaff Hotel,l!raakln-alMat,«aM«B -d*j mftenHW. Moveaaber k^.inte «be «mw«( the death of * gad naneMUry 4«a Bartno, aged 13, who died at herfathcc'abaaaaoatiM presiouseaj. One witnt >m, an a?at ct the Je frarrd. TTKTTTmwintiltnahowttwit?Miilwafifl. who was nbjtct to fita, had hem fref«e?4r 31 -tieatetkfbir ber *?^aoatbeE. s*e esgair* was adjourned nntil TiWMJby nxning to enable tiae police to collect farther endenae. Uvacatetoa at the enquiry «t?t tfce death of By chili had canted quite an eicitemtmt in the ■ejgbbatiwai. On Saturday, November 6, the sttadiag committee and repreaeDta)i««a of H? varioaa. lodeesot tbe Independent Order of Oddfailem, held an afljoomed meeting a* the BunNMf Ball, Grate-cUeet, ?hea U was reaoWcd tfaat tbe fijstannualpionijaixl aporta afctald be bald on leeemberSSoext. B?. J. W. Broadhrjdge ««. elected chairman of tbe oomirittco. and Ota. .C. Crawford aeeretaiy. Bro. D. Bom, ILP . having kindly granted tbe free me of bic ground* Woodvttie, it vaa re*ol«ed to boW «ba picnic there, and a hearty vote of thiuks wa? wnwimi _... vniu FamCm* .„ ?■210 t obe — ... ?080 find* ... 0060] kt,Qaa*fet~. JO-ISO t&ODEBS; J— parsed to Brc. Bower Cor hi* kindneos. The pm*M*?of the plonk are to be devoted to e<tab- WVmt * eeneveteut fond, far the purpose of WHtaM?ti?g gift) to disgasssit brethren, widewc, wri children, for present relief, or ed« aationsl purpaee*. After the omul committees wee* eleetea to carry out the arrangement* the mtttimg adjourned for a we**. Tke CoUawug ia Monday morning'j w«atber mot *■ «1m Adelaide and Part Bnrii Toisi—lt Umt—P-xt Jfcrwin, etlm, aiear, Im, mi ho^aonthpert, e*l*,«lcradr, tnaftdentorm tonight; VMOn?k.aabK.elMr. «n*t Ke? OMak, **l*m, atov, fine; iiirer Catbsriaa, Mln, eleac. flaw; Dal? Watem, B bY, rte-, ft*** Powell Greek, ail*, doc. final ftwat Aesfc. S.B..cteir,t?e; BiOMr Greek, ?&,«!*■*, tea; aUie* •{«■•* &>■.**?•*. Soe; OkartoMa W-m, HA. clear, fee; Ft**. *. altar, fine; ttsanfays Bpriaga.BJa1 eianr. fine; ■mm, ttJt, attar, fee; BelwMaTkjL, clear. fine. Late mi Sobday night, November 7, a «n Wok* oat in ttw north-west eoroer of the *«ri Adelaide lUrket buildfa"*, ia • shop own ■ted by Mr. Barns, greengrocer. Fortaoitel ft wm eoanned to some eiafcaand bags of fl**.-. aad wa* aonn eataffuisbed by the energet > •ffart* of the police, Mr. T. Sanders, t% 4epnky -superintendent of the Vita Brigade w* alao fat attendanoe with No. 1* nel. bat th water was not tamed on. Mo #**?•«• was don to the bnilding, whiofa is inasred with the Soat Brttbblanm?eeOeflapany. TM* is the aseoo fire within the last six atontbs.eeearring in th «M part of tk* saarfcet builefeg*. PoUm- trooMr Babej, who wu injniei «*BalMraaBatMwV bybwag thrown from a hmmt, to fttin, — wry artfaflstorily. Babey w*?ri4.B«*v*ttMsaaiouls?ta Balair, whaa it fcattad with but. aad on havsg Barbed com- BMMMdbaekbev. At last, lading it eoold not «*t cid af its rider, who stack t? tb* caddia mmtmllr, tfaanacas made a nab straight for tb* door af the Balair Hotel, and on being tsmd aside very skilfully jammed its rider between a wall and n tank. The ridar was taaauMtawkvanlpasittea. and on the hone •fatal buakiac ha lost Us sett and f*U heavily, <&Ukf; the back af kit head o*. ••taw.aai A eomwart «enoa? atnidtai oacarred •tabsawjr Hartham S*el, Part A*g«*ta, oa TJtandar.Noveaaber*. A*M«dfrag to kaa local ?aa«r the eoaffasdiag used in the Baeaon work waa being msewsi, whan ? anrtisn of it faU. 4tw* Ma fa aba employ af Mam. Brown «wd Fabaa-J. Oriihii. W Beid, and 1. Ohew— waMaaaaraaaaa^ang«gedanNiepat«ontkat fall.awfiwaiavbwaa to the groand with the 4aWs, a. ofraa**?af*a*?a taantf feat. Ooeef *h— h) urn ilsssTrtU tatlaiad, and all thrae ara tW<initita%B?ni> no aarioai molbjm «j>W|Ws«sVTsb...T. ITiiHi?is. JBBBHtan for ap?V?s* Bojn -a> Ob*^ bmb, howavar, savajrau injavai. Ms. ffWtaHH waa standing'naarwban th* aaaaUdtag laU anon him. Ha oarrawly 4waWp?al teflM •wtfaVat. 4M anWaM ?rf tfasl JMwWT •WMhanajalansai hhhwd.sMkiaghiaion thashanhkr ftilm i tilj naboaas are bwhan. hat Mb. WUMMwbiaDfttaadto theha«sa?and aeasaafa—wiUi il il/ahifaahefeaahaUabl? A. m pncca? in photognolw bu been biwacstaa^awMlaMbyMassrs.J. X.Dob- M?* Ofc,«* Uw Teazle of Light. Bandle sts?H.hsMsjuhi the pnrfaadoa-as th?drjpro aaML Although aeaawatmlr a** to the iistiiifci thfci praasas haa bean in use with gnat awMMfalngi?na ana AnMrhw far eametwo yean past. slnst?. Dobaoa ft 00. dj not etna totaf?Mtea«j«mf diasMCrf, not to ham Mi?sed aad htwaght late da% operation n BBBtaa af taktea; Bhotographt alnoat Inrtsa tnwiusly, fraw tbtee to four aeaoada bring ait the "sitting" that ia mpiral for admits, and ooly n singhi aeeont for«hUdjgan. The bndrett is entirelydkpeoan 1 with, aas the Boot «K?ai>d negiigra* ittitad •say be anaawdby the panon whaie portrmit i. habsg taken. Sosae apaeianas that we h?T; aean takan by fhhi proeeai are ezaeltent pi tares, Mft aad Bsaiiow intone, with the detei well broaghtea*. Tbe deap hUek shades an thewl 9 gHa? th>* athrd saeh aaplaasant ooa. «Mta i. rnaay pbotognphs taken by the ord May wet Bfuoeag are here avoided, aad the dry plate when property raanlpinated era b relied npon to eaaare an artbtk putnr Massrs. Oobsop U Co.atatetha* they hare only arrived at the kreperus at the pUtas(whleh eaaahtatoad faaatfeompa)bywwttanedexperi- Bsanta and * bcasawh^, ba* they ara now so s?shlilwithtne wtalf that far thweor four week* past they have dfaaard** the oa> of baths aadatllheparaahar?aliaof>hewatproeaas,and intsMdiwltofMaretaeD??mtteiroperations toIUL• pjg^—^BL jj_ aaanas^kal^ bmmill mt ftoHKini BisiQ apvsMiy Braas •I-haMtngaa*twara wm nUmr«p tonatara.* The MHttwipsarj ■errke« ia eoaaectioa wi«lh«Cni*ad?falhodist Wm Ohsjnh, W.y ywgrt?wt.wanhaU an SuMbw.hWro.W T. gerawna *m? ptaishsd in tha warning by IfoG-Ja^iM^Btoawwuc by the B*?. *tft!Pii 'TIL 1??' s^" "9?«?*b? an bath aaasaionm. Onitandajevaningtaaand pahte ajtithip ware held. The dumb waa eevwded. ?r. J. Piafcariag, JJ, miirtil at ?**£*££*■'«- KBMBing tfa? vncead. i?fithaabaaMan azpaawad gcaat ntaamreai frssiiiotvand ?aht ha was «fid to anciae the kna BBMnnt af work whisk had bean done ia •he «w«yt w4riac the anst bu yens. -The Mm. BTp. MaJge praaa>t*d hi ?. jmtc. team wWah itappeaend that th* aflaic* «t Itoahnnhwdtheewit aan in n fiaorishwc s—tol??. Ib missionary wk they bad haan ranasbillj mo—*n*al thaaaifwi?taiillastoil twiag *m Hmmm strn a* that of th* previous yaar. a^swAft?ltaM?. aoUastarr^, whiefa shewed •aid. Th^Ssrtonbed notbeea forgottUla Asgland, as Kr, O. FoUsmh*; «f Brisbane, bwi eallad an hh> way bwa tbe mother. aaaj?tjT with fiiHwnl gwnhp from the anawsJ asss??bh/ta the eireoit. T&y; had ad aWaaa in their namheseif arrWala bam Vie «srin, and In all ah* warhs of ah* ehorch than waa a ajarbad huriwait. BaiteUa adjtasnia wen than dativeied by th* B*r*. J. T. Hilia, Mnaa. Loadtr, Piakers?g. ion, t ?. Lang, J. Bn/hnak, J. Books, J. BrteTi>d i. H. UwkTM?w Jfadg* and Mr. John pre aidad at the organ, and dona* the evesisg the choir rendswit M**ml anthem in • plaaeing BBMwn. Thoehareh wm taatvfally demrated with e«ergnene and ftowen, the handiwork of . tteladyajeasbM?. TUe umTaragiy eer rices of the Part Adrleid* W**si*yan Ohorca were pM?ebed oa Bandar Mtmmbw t, tbe Her. 0. Una ofi«*t iag hi t|i* warning, and Mr. hUtthew Burnett in te* inning. In the afternoon a flower •*r?i*e wnt held by the Bay. A, Stobbs (Bihustar). On each oarasion then was a good oawgwgatssn On ato?d.y the usoal tea aad puhlia asaatints ware held, and proved vary vineeMtoi. At the tatter Mr. J. Bofa (tn*?urar) pcaaidad. Titera ware alsj oa the placform besides the minister, the B?v. C. Use, Dr. Boiteo, Mr. M. Bamett, and Mr. Ot^wny. The Bor A Scuhba ia giring hisa?aoal npartstatad tha*the r*?«ltof the year's BBiwsaiags had been awinanrty aatisfJao tory. gpasial airsinM?wHi had bead pad* to m*at tha setigions wants of sailors and visitan to Port Adebbte. Md she asrvioas for their btaaft awl bom Jargoiy attsod«d. A Bible and than wan then 100 mambM? belonging to it The Band of Hope, which had bean in esisteone for ntore titan twain months, wm boldiog tntanatiag msnrhly awatiags, which wen kurming In usefulness. ATouog Mea's Frisa4ty Isnito had woeotly been formed with good nsolts. The (stianty-eeboal numbered 22 nMhen and sffim ■arm and 22« seholata. Oaring the year a new pipe organ had bean fitted up in th* ahanh at aoost of £<90, towards whhw £100 bad ban nised. The iaowne of the ahwab wwitsd to about £MQ. though recaipU for autsid* objasts arongfat the sum op to £700. TtettMM wew-Otamrt food, £36. U*. Id.; Oornish niief food, £7 ISs. 9d ; tmst fond, £90; mhwion fond, £17 U*.; eoanexion funds, £9 Us ld,j*fld«.B.faai,£(Js. Tue tewwarer'. fiaaneislstitsmaatsbowridabtlanee tothegtod of ab<rat£U. Mention waa made of Mr. Burnett's mission at tfm Port, and the gnat good that had resulted from h. Tha othor gentlemen oa the platform deltvend addrestes. which ware inter •parsed with maaiual nhwtions by (he choir oodar the leadership d/ Mr. i. Bennett, Mr. M. MoiEw ntMidlmj at the organ. Mr. Gow Jukufifax, native eyamrelisi frass Obntral Africa. deUnrad a botuie on -Afri?? and the African*- in tha Norwood WuleyanOhnreb on Monday evening, Novomhar S. Tbe attendance wu emaUbat aopneialave. Mr./.Bn*anpi*<ttha«hair. Saving .4n*,ye4 hJmaslf in n native chiefs or headman's robe, tha laotnrer briefly tofemd to the physical features af Abie*, inetnding a renmk of the traditions th*t eltuter nroand the Kiver V 0?, th* large popnl?tions resident on the honk* of tho nvew and lakes, aad the aktarat rasvwMsof tbe eoatttry. this Ust faataiM tbe lecturer remarked that too •Mat abstasU to the eoiulraetion of a railway from Balaam, Bay or Port Blixabeth had been Mfowd tw tha diseovary of wtonsira eo?l- B*Ws. so that there was now every probability that before long than wee.l 4 be ample nm< at truHt hatweaa tit* a*M?*>t aad tk? ia terlor. In dwling mm particularly with tbe b*BM Ute aad bahit. of the varioqa African trthas, Mr. fahnfifar ■aeseadedin waning the andienas, and impartiag a Urge quantity «f infonuation not nraally found in bjoks. The native tribes were essentially nnuiaal, and everything was done byvsaadof draaandts the time set by an appointed precentor. At tbisetsge of the proceeding* *v opportunity was afforded those present of forming an estimate of the songs indulged in at need-time, at the niarhringing ceremony, and at harvest tine. The farms were seldom more than fifteen acres in extent, being «nltiva.ted on a sort of eommn nisti* principle, and desoended from fstber to son. Xhu fact aocountedfor the pertioauty with which snany of the tribes stack to their Unds in tho f&oe; of very gnat opposition. In dealing with tbe religioas upset at the subject the lestarer remarked that in Abysuoia, aad NabU n eorrapted form of Christianity stUl survived bom •postolio times. Toe Mahom medan faith atiU. dominated a large number of persons, and without doubt its influence was one of tbe greatest obsU«len to be overcome in over tbroiiiiiaT eUvery. It was remarkable, however^ that wherever that form of religion was adapted tbe native tribe seemed to develop in civilisa tion, «4.d if this were so much greacer thinga the leetum thought ware to be expected from the spread of ObristUnity. Taeproeeeds were in aid of the Afriimn mUsion. On Mcuday eyening, November 8, & leetnre entitled "Some interesting facts in th birtoty of Booth Anstralia" was given by Mr. J. Fairfax Conigrave, J.P H inthe Coalmen Chore Schoolroom. The Key. D. Paton, 8.A.8.D preeident of tie Chalmers Ohoreh Youug Men* S«cietj,in eo&aeetion; with which the lecture wa given, freiided. Tbere was only a small atten dance, which is to be regretted, «s the lootur was b thoroogbly interesting one, and brisded with inlomution with which all South Aus tralians ahonld be acquainted. After referring to the cahnUiog capacities of the British people, and to tbe eascem of the efforts which had been made in this direction, the lecturer mentioned tin first stops which were token in London in 1891 with a view of founding a ealony on sound principles. These steps wen not meeemfcf, and after renewed agitation a aeheiue of eolonizatioa on a aoaod basis wsa entered upon in 1834. He ecpUioed bow the founders of the ealony had profited by the experience gained in th* other colonies, and taken steps to properly adjost land, labor, and capital, and he said that if tin same prin ciples bad been applied to Western Aos tzaUa originally that colony might have occupied a, much better position than it did at the present time. He renewed tbe history of tbe colony from the fint settlement, giving special prominence to those periods when the oniony waa passing through crises, and when vnooal measures had tab* taken by the Legiafeinre to avert rain aad disaiter to the •etUament. He alluded to the several question* which had been brought prominently before the pnhik in tin early days, md the diffioniaes which had to be contended againrt. He said that South Australia, had been sneered at as n one-hone colony, but be con tended that the aneer was anjntt, aad was *« easily —waed ac it was made. Heallodedto the position which Booth AutralU bad taken U Lqghutive matters, nod bow her position had been asserted, and mid die people of the colony might feel Justly proad of the progress which had been made in comparatively n few years, and mt assured that * glorious future was in •tore. Tbe lecture was listened to with atten tion, aad at it* eonelusioo * hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Oonigrave. "The inhabitants of Garden Itaach/ says the Calcutta EmgtitkmM, - were on Friday night, 17th Septomber, Ota witnesses of an extraordinary sight. Mr. Maeklin, one of the well-known importers of hones from Australia, bad occasion to bod from the ship rhessatas meco. 290 animate, and it became a subject of cunsidcrahle anxiety how these B'iOwere t.bi ccDvejed from the Beach to tbe stable* prepared for them in Dbnrntmtatiah. At Ust the colonial (Jan wm adopted, and it waa agreed that the bones should be driven up by a few expert Australians. Accordingly, at about 10 o'clock at night, all was ready fora atart. In the dark ocmpoeod itself the driven, armed with the tnditioiial*taokwhip,m*iiaged to keepthe horses under some sort of control, bat the instant the n«<3 «v reached the leader caught eight of the idem of the gas mmps, and all was over. Ureakicgawmy from their wcnld-be matter,th: mob, vow in a state of absolute madness. da?hed down tbe Garden Beech-road, over Heatings Bridge, and on to the Maidaa. They atOl kept w*U together, bat, after akirtio; the fort, farmed themselves into little bands to re connoitre tbe straoge Und. All night long men wen employed seeking these bones, and there ia not one seceum of Calcutta that cannot boast of having effected the capture of its four or five bead. Up to Saturday, we believe, come sixty or seventy bones remained to be accounted for. Some went so far as to pay Ho wrah a vtoit, and four met with an untimely death in Tolly's Nullah. Mr. MakUn tan hardly becoogwta- Uted am the sn Betas of bis plan, and we believe X is the iatentbo of tbe antborittn topes* eartoin orders on this mode of eonrey iog AoatcaHaa banes from the ships to tbe ftabsee. The atoekmen were nnremitting m their efforts to prevent dissater. Themostnoto worthypototot the affair « tint sjotnaugto man, woman, or child anrtetned so mneh a* a •eratoh. No doubt tb* thoadaring nein cawed by«b*i?obgcv* tt?Mly warning, and enabled every one to seek abclter; hot when we consider the etrrem they wont through it aeems nothiag abartof a miracle. Tbere wen some narrow esaapes. One gentleman was riding dawn the Beaeb when he saw the hone* eomng straight at him fall pelt. Calling to his syce to assist in holding in bis bone, he was gratified to see that worthy mdirldusj wosUy eegsged ia sqneeamg Uma?U throogb a gateway, and for tbe aaow deaf to his Darter's «aIL He wisely toned and galloped with th* mob, which mo however passed by like a fljuthof Ughtaiag with ortwMehugUm." The anniversary services in connection with the Tyntfrttccet Baptist Church were held on Bunday, November 7, when tbe rev. ?\ T. Prise preached in the morning and the Bey. F. Searle is tbe evening, the church being crowded on bothoM?tiaos. Ob Monday evening, November 8, weQ-atlended ten and public wm^Mt were held, the former in the aeboolroom aud the Utter in the church. At tbe public meeting, at which a good Dumber were present, Mr. Gil bert occupied the chair. The secretary read the annual report, which showed that there bad been an increase cf membership daring the past year, tbere being now 308 members on tbe nil. against 298 at the last anniver sary. Taeuty - three bad beeu transferred I torn other cbnrcbes, and nine hai been admitted by testimony, while fourteen members hadhaen transferred, and eight ha 1 bad tbeir names erased through non-*tteodance. Tfctn were also sereralea?didstos.foradmustaa. Iv (be church ordinances there had been little if any alteration-the pastor 1* Bible cUsa. the tiunday morning and Wednesday evening prayer meetings and other aarvioM had been held re gularly and with success. The only change among tbe offieen was the retirement of Mr. E. S. W igg. who had long and efficiently performed hi* functions as deacon, but had lately departed for England. Two deacons, Mr. Joyner and Mr. H. Hammond, would retire at the next meettog, wb«a •tept wooia h* taken for toe efactUwof otben. Daring the year an effort had bean made co establish cottage or sectional meeting*, with a view to the mutual edification cf believers, aad this movement if cordially supported wuuld do good. The ladies had l<eld a sale of fancy goods, which was well attended, and bad proved a substantial aid to tbe ebnnh funds. The treasurer (Mr. Joyner) also read his report, which showed that the total receipts duriag the year hid been £1,138 3s. Bd,of which £250 had been paid towards diminubing the mortgage, and £Ll6 Us. had b«*n invested in the Savings Bank. The debt at the end of Ust year was £J3i 17s, (Jd. This had been cleared off, and tbere was vow £13 Is. 7d. in hand, bat the mortgage on the euureh still amounted to £l£so. The treasurer of tbe Auxiliary Baptist Musionary Society re ported favorably of the sneaeas of the missions, atd amid that Ponehaaon Biswas a native mis sionary from Furreedpore, would shortly visit the colony, and would preach in the city chwehes. Tbe superintendent of the Sunday school and tbe secretary of tta Young People's Christian Association read their several reports, and tb* paster of the church (Bey. L. G. Outer), with the Bey. W. T. Prise and Mr. O. H. Goode, aho addressed the meeting. The total receipts from tbe collections and tea meet ing were about £23. A most interesting event in the history of Birmingham was the opening of Sir Josiah Meson's Scientific Oellege, which ceremony took place on the Ist of October last. Tbe event was not only interesting from the fact that it pro vided Birmingham with the finest building she has, and that it ia an institution infinitely cal culated to be of advantage to the rising genera tion, but also because the gentleman who aas so generously come forward with his money to carry out this great undertaking ewes aU his well-earned fortune to the city which be entered fifty yean ago a poor man. It waa only fitting that at Hie ceremony an introductory address should be delivered by Professor Huxley, whese same ** « Moentut v oneof the foremost of the present day, and Unre can be no doubt that the Pnfassor folly appreciated this noble attempt to bring aeientifio attainments within the reach of those who otherwise might be uoable to make them n studyr~The tn?*eei fnve power to make ' provision '. for instruction in art as well as jn. jcienoe, and are also authorised to include in tie cooise of study certain subjects requisite for die train ing of medical students. With regard to the admission of students there ia no restriction as to sex, creed, or birthplace; bat other matters being equal, preference is to be given to candi dates who have been educated in Sir Josiah Mason's Orphanage at Sdington, and after these to persons bom in Birmingham or Kidder minster. The trustees most be Uymen and Protertanta, but the teachers may be either elexgymen or lawmen, The contrtl of the College and of Us property is vested in six trustees, the founder acting as bailiff of the trust, having nominated ail the existingtrustees, and having power to fill up any vacancies that may occur. After his death the town council are to elect five additional trustees, thus making op the ultimate number. With the exception of a few fundaments! provisions the trustees have power when necessary to alter the course of teaching and the arrangements of the in stitntio?, and at stated intervals are required to take these matters into consideration. The site of the building extends from Bdmand stteet to Great Charles-street, and comprise* about an acre of Und, having a frontage to the first-named thoroughfare ol ISO ft, and a depth of 133 tt. Only about half the ground U as yet coveted with bandings, aud these ere arranged around two quadrangles, the main block facing Edmund- street, and a range of buildings of tbe same character being parallel with it at the rear. The two blocks of build ings are connected by east and west wings, and by a covered central corridor and out offices. With tha exception of the east wing, all the buildings are four-storeys high, and in the centre, of the principal facade a large museum has been provided partly in the lofty roof, (t is needless to describe the plan of the building and its very many complete arrangements. Suffice it to aay that the ateaitectural part of the work, which has been in the bands of Mr. J. A. Coesins, has been a great ■access, and it is mainly doe to that gentleman* efforts that the college has become, as it Unremarked with pride, ** the finest building in Birmingham*" A meeting of the electors of New GleoeJg Ward was held at the Broadway Hotel. Glendg, on Monday evening, November 8, to bear the views of candidates for the position of councillor for the ward. There wen about fifty persons present. Councillor Hardy occu pied the chair, and asked the meeting to accord tbe candidates a fair hearing. Mr. C. M. Muir bead fint addressed the meeting. Before stating any of his views he said he waa much grieved to see in one of tbe newspapers a letter written by tin other candidate, stating that he wu a nominee of Mr. Stock, Mr. Wigtey, and otben interested in the Holdfast Bay Eailway Company. This he most emphatically denied. He did not wish to posh himself unnecessarily forward, and as he had previously inti mated, if some suitable candidate had come out be would have retired. Is would be his aim if elected however to advsnoe tbe interests of Glenelg in general and New OlenelgWatd in particular. With regard to rates, he would devote great care and attention to seeing that they were expensed in the best way for the improvement of that ward. He was of opinion that the Government should continue to give subsidies to private auSscriptions, and he would therefore use his iafiuenee in that direction. As to the levying of rates, he htd noticed that the new Municipal Corporations Act gave power to the eooneil to increate the present rate of I*. to Is. 6d. without cons jltiug Ibe ratepayers. Me would however aay tan he would never vote for an iuereased rate without Cut calling a meeting of the ratepayen of the ward to find out tbeir feeling* on tbe matter. He would not pledge himself to any particular scheme of drainage in the town, bat any fair •cbemebronght forward which met with the views of ratepayers he would support. He thought, in view of the disunities in knowing aoeontely the boundaries of property iv the municipality, that tbere should be a proper survey made so that tbe difficulties would be ova com*, a* to the Brighton-road, he believed that np to the promt tbe ratepayers on the east aide had been paying- char rates, hot no part of tbem had been expended on tbe road, as they weut to the lands of tbe Brighton Council. He would do all in bis power, if elected, to get tbe rates ex pended on tbe road in future. He was in favor of a concession being made to tbe fishermen in allowing them to nave moveable staUs at a con venient not to sell tbeir fish, on payment of a small rental. He would also try to effect an im provement in the Broadway, as it was badly in want of It. Something i« the shape of a dam should, be thought, be erected ia (he creek, or eomething else should be done to im prove it. On the subject of lighting the town ?itb cms be would take the opinion of thereto payen. He wontt now h*-ptepaxed to answer •nyquestun*. (AppUnae.) Xnechairman said be had just received a note from Mr. W. Mair. tbe other candidate, in which be regretted that he was unable to be present at the meet ing, bat stated he would take another opportunity of addressing the ratepayers. A number of questions were put by ratepayers to •men Mr. Mnirbead replied. Mr. W. F. stock, J.P. (mayor), then addressed the meeting at some length, denying altogether the statement made by Mr. Mair tint Mr. Muirfaeed was a nomfceeof his. A motion that Mr. Mulrhead was a fit and proper person to represent tbe ward was •moved, to which an amendment was moved m favor of Mr. Mair. On the notions being put to the meeting only about a half of those present voted, and (be chairman declared tbe abow of hands to be in Mr. Mair s favor. The meeting then terminated. The members of the South Australian National Bine AasocUtaon will parade at the drill-*bed, North-temce, at 8 o'clock this morning. In another column will be found the time table of the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban JUailway Company for the public holiday to day. It will be observed that on this day all trains wiU call at Goodwood. On Friday evening an amateur perfor- | ruanoe is to be given at the Albert Hall, Oer a>an Club, for the benefit of Mr. Herbert Fiem- ! uiiog, what Colonel Fiuroy. Captain Haggard, Mr. K. G. Moore. Misi Armbruster, Mitt Minna ; Fiecber. and others will assist. On Saturday next a concert is to be ' } (itcn in tbe new Albert Hall by a com- i | b.itkiiou oi vocal and instrumental artisto* j or a charitable object. Most of the principal members of the Opera Company will ■ike part, together with several local ladies and tttitfeaitti, alJaf rhom are well and favorably HiO?n. Two talented instrumentalists, who i are iiever yet appeared here on the concert wnttorm, will make their rfcft'if before an Ade bide audienor. One uf these*gentlemen will ' ;.lay a coLtrabsato solo, tbe fint ever performed i ii Smith Australia; tbe other is reported to be a masttr of his instrument, the violincello. ; A successful conversazione in connection with the Adelaide Young Men's Society was j I eld in the Btow Laeture-haU on Monday oven ing, November 8. and was well attended. Iv i addition to tbe usual pictures aud curiosities to le seen on such occasions there were micro tcopts and stereoscopes, a meg*Vitho*x>pe, lent i by Mr. Murray, and scientific instruments I under tbe care of Mr. Adamaon.aH of which ! appeared to afford amusement and instruction. ' 1 wo duets were rendered by Mrs. Skinner and Bliss Vandepeer, one of which was encored; recitations were given by Miss ftellar and Mr. P. JjDdsou in capital style. Mr. W. B. fi"uox ably presided at the pUno. I On Saturday, November 0, Messrs. A. ! Simpson & Son's employes held a picnic. A prccetsion of eight of GartreU'e conveyances. Leaded by Youlton's brass band, started from Grenfell-street for Clarendon, arriving tbere «!r*r m. pleasant drive. After a rambU about tl.e bills, aittj- three sat down to a very good dinner provided by Qo&t; Bulman.of the Claren don Hotel. The health of the firm waa proposed by Mr. W. B. Doe, and supported by Mr. James lisilantioe. Mr. A. M. Simpbon r&poade;<J. At ttr another ramble tea was provided, aud was dcue jostiee to. Daring tbe day a crielctt match was played between the married and single men, which reulted in an easy victory for the bachelors. There was another good attendance at Garner's Theatre on Monday evening, when Pro fessor Pepper's ghost entertainment Wis re peated. Tbe exhibition of live insects con tained in a drop of water was repeated, aad was thoroughly enjoyed. The panorama of Afghan istan was well received by w the audieoca. From theentertaining manner in which Professor Pepperdesrribeithe different scenes, they cannot fail to be highly instructive aa well as interest ing and entertaining. To-night a new pro gramme wili be presented, consisting of experi ment* illustrating gunpowder and fireworks. A panorama of the Falls of Niagara will be shown, and a lecture will be given by the professor entitled "My trip to America." Some sensa tional experiments are to be introduced, and doubtless tbe professor will have a large audknee. 