4 MTHERfS CBKOI. CHAPTBB XL Tha ktnses in Victoria Strut ore aU of one ^tege^MspecVaUa, sad airy. Manyafthem uelet in apaxttaenti, and «»» lodgars m ;j»oat of asnptofawaua me*— artists whose studios are bother localities, mosicianB who find tie central ' -irtuation most useful, authors and editors whose Wa&kien; is perhaps higher thu their mean* of natifxinfr it. surreou -of good professional atand t- It i» a, qniet, respectable street, neither Crete mor dull, *ut where people take a quiet i_*™_-- {„ --. .Vi 4-tlu-r- and the occasional dis &-?''? »Bpea*a»oe -* ?a *I*»I«*tly well-to-do resident p SSadtke restwilb. concern. f ' lady St.Just had never been ln-the street be I* forelshe tooted waonslj t-a th* number which ?? Gemtd Dorman had given, and when theoab 8? ' itoppsdV*he looked even more anxiously at the :\ ? oouse- It was a large house, withgreen balconies P--. . ^nd a mall garden in front— the very ideal of re £??' ? tpectaVBity. A few sad-lookiv: flowers grew in ]: : the little garden ; the windows all bad green I- Venetian and white curtains. fc\ ?ShaU I go in with you^my-lady r aaked-Joan,. lT. ' ' M»*he cab stopped. I- *No/ said Lady St. Just. ' And no matter now '??-?: 'oag I am, remain here till I return.' .'.:' . Jj^sMwer fa the summons at the dooraservattt %??. naii appeared, and she looked wonderingly at I Lady St. Jut. Vivien had dressed herself as | plainly as possible, but she could aot hide the \ magnificence of her figure or the grand, noble -? i beauty of hei, face. The girl stared at the unusual ''?[ ' vision, and Lad; St. Just asked it she could see ? ' Mr. Dorman. £ ' I don't know. They say he is dying,' replied !.? thegiri. t: ? Lady St. Just recoiled at the words. Foot \-- Gerald, te'lie dying there ! ;v . ' Shall I fetch my mistress or the nurse ?' asked ? - thegirL r 'The muse,' replied Vivien; and in «. tew -' minutes the maid returned with her, a kindly, ; (lever-looking woman, who courtsied profoundly. j ' ? ? You«re the lady, I tbink,' she said, ? whom V (Si. Dorman wishes to seep' '?? 'Tea/ answered Vivien ; « I will go to him a' \- : wee, if you please. It he any better ?' r ' 'No,' replied the nurse; 'I am sorry to flay Mr. (5 3-orman will never be any better ia this -world, .; 7n.,^.m 1 do not think he has many hours to ? live; bat he told we this morning thafcio could :/ not die until he had seen you.' ? Agaia the words struck her with All the force-ef !-?' & blow. 'What did the mean ? '. ? Will you follow me, madam P* asked the mrree, ' i . -who, like-the aervant, was strnok bj the wonder '; ' lulgnce and magnificent beauty «fth* visitor.. L She followed the nurse up the stain intoalargi l iwellJigMed, well-fmraished room. A bedstead with crimson hangings ooenpied the middle; on it \ 'jay Gerald. '.' She saw the white face, wan, and haggard, with , iagrs.yshadeoB.it; she saw two large wistful, : .almost despairing eyes, glazed and tumble, that ' ' 'fastened o» her £aee with a hungry look; she saw ' ? -the white hands, so thin and trembling, stretched ? tout to greet her, and she knelt down, by lisbed \- . 'side unable to nsist her tears. J. ]-t ' Vivien,* he whispered— and in all her life Lady I ?? iSt Just had never heard anything bo tenable as i' that voice — ' have you come at last— at lust ?' and '? the dying eyas Beamed to drink in every feature ?:: iof her beautiful face. 'At last— at last; and I ;' ' have waited such lonp hours— dark, dreary hours; I, -and death — lee, death stands here by my Bide, ?'. T-ut he weuld not lay hands upon jne-cmtilyoa had v been— yon, my qneen, my darling, my only V 5hV raised her head with a warning gesture. »-' - ?, * Tes f: know,' he said, ? you1 are another ? man's 5 . ' * wife, but none the less my jfiarling, none the lesB '; juy lore, none the less my.. 4deal, though you have ?i never loved me !' I jp ?' 'Mypoor Gerald,* sAe said gently, yon were r .snA a faithfu] friend to me — so good and so i ' true.' \- ? - ' ' Yes, and I am dying because I love you so. I \\-^j have teed my best; I hare triad to live without I you, to fill my life with other cares. I oould not, h, to I Ik hero.' -:;, -My poor Geraldi' sh» said with weeping * -?'*? ' . f: 'Eioh Gerald,- ha coneota. ? I have Kved f or i. you my beautiful, proud, stately l«ve — liv«d, [ sinaed, suffered. I also die for yen. Ton will re ? memember that, ana notithiok hardly of me. I iy knoiv',' he said faintly, '. that the lov« of you con '? Etituted my life ; but I did nottbink Jt Bhonldmiss | you s» greatly, so terribly. Vivien, may I hold )' your hand in mine just once f I am Srdyiag man, :;??_ dear, dying for you!' % IShe took the worn hand in ber otrn, and held it ': to her own warm clasp. ::. i * Vivien/ h» said, ' I amtbirsting to tear some ?y \ . .thing— tell me, have you been happy since you . ' mamed? Do not imagine that there ie any Q- 'foolish jeaJouey iu my heart — but I want t& know. 'f, I want to know if you havo been happy.' V- His eyes were fixed on her f Me with desperate %l , «amestness — with such aJmostcrasittgearaeBta«ss I for her answer. |jl 'leUme/hesaid, «'haTe you been happy f Tell jjJ-;-;' me aU.' gv 'Yes,' she replied ; * I have been happy.' &t;| . A sudden, almost beautiful light came over his i^r face. Elieeaw how the -words- delighted him, and fe) '. jishe contiaued — Ij; .;- . ' I have been so happy that the world has been fe like Paradise to me. I love my husband dearly, Mpj:;: tQsrald; he, is noble and generous, he is devoted p:; -to me, and spends his life in making- me happy. f-;~ Then I have two beautiful children. Oh, Gerald, p7 how X wish you had, come to our house instead of f|:V lying all alone here! I wouldhave nursed you ?J.- -' and cared for you, as. though I were ycuriown |;.y sister.* 6 'Neyarmiad about me,' he said faintly; 'tell 5: ynemoN about your happiness.' W ' ? It is so gtnax; she replied, ' that it is perfect. ffn 3 am beloved and happy, Gerald ; the days are all §*:- .bright. What more can -I ssyf K « Tan tell me that for tiiooj pasfcfew years you ml -who have suffered so much have been perfeatly if iflnpyfVhesaid. m - 'Tes/ she replied, ' perfeetly.' Sg*. 'And. tell me, Vivien— ciaspuny hand mote gj tiglltly, dear, it is oold— if you had never been. Kfe married you would never have been happy ?* By. ' So,' she replied, €nev«r.' g^'. 'Then I am content/ he said. 'And, Vivien, Wt sea would nerer have married hadtyou not. known §fc- tthat Oswald was dead f K1 ??'?' Sever/ she replied. 'I would never lave igi: .married with that awful secret ont my soul. But, ^|. -terald.tliHt is all paat ; do not ppeak of it. I fgir haveiepaated; I ha9e.pn.7ed foEpardon through ^,,'fthe long days a^d long night* ; r£ave been kind ^fi\;to ev«rv child for the sake of that one. Do-not ^^Jspcakofit.' plpj. flhe saw a great tambleilook -tome orar ibis ||||i§i*T-»*h*T»been quitB.B»pny1 dear, fbttths-past ^gfi#ew yearsP he repeated. tmf^'Jtt. Gerald,' she sail;, ibnt why do you »/ 'sTon may hate me when I. telltyou— jKrn may Mi' ^iiinqitimrsejay.nania.; but t loved you so I was S'; aetermined you should be happy, no jnatter what |,. - St_^6st me, no matter what I saffend or how X Ef jdnned. I weuld have died/over andtover- again to [,S! ' anake yon happj.' m .'But, Gerald/ sheaiigwaed, -ie*».me- tenible f jttekaniHg fe»r overpowering hei& 'jrhat is it — gj^pn* have you donflf ES&K;''Bo ?**''??** mSi VivtenifAoop down lower i&laHMi; imuV whuper., Lore— w/y tore— Oswald i» ^M^;fiho threw np hbr hands with a terrible cry— a. mmen Uka that of, «ae dxowoi^ar— ? cry eo ehrill in WjBsma*g°*3 *ad aeapair thaJfrthe dyiag man -was ?Kiiiirtnoaatit. '»git oannot bartrue/ erA gisped, rather than ^Hra-f'Itis toowruel, it Msanot fee true.1 ^^^^Ustaie. I swear i'tfbetore Semen !' he said BBBBBK-knil tlW for r/ne rnmntas' there was BBBBBBKatniotn them-^aa awful- sflenoe, more ^^^^^BUUthe quiet Aasaof death. ^^^^^^?^Aie nuef / to' him ai»l-w»s'32Stha.t ^^^^^?^?Mime g\«itooha«fted.; iteriohoalour ^^^^H^^g^t w«.a terribla face. ^^^^^^^^H^-fca&d;/ «hc-iep»itt«d— 'it ^^^^^^^^^Hten,'!he daohwd. ^^^^^^^^^^^?bg) ItsmiW3rnel,pitiUEa. yea would bo -wretohed nil your life away from that one/ 'Not half so wretched as I am now/ she re turned. ' It was cruel of you, Gerald.' 'Ididnotnieanit, to bo 80/ he Bald faintly. 'I saw that you were unhappy, and that you would, never marry while the secret lay between you and the man you loved. You knew Vivien, that I would have died for you. When I saw you eo miserable. I aiked myself what I could do to mak* yoa happy; and I knew from what you had said that you could never be happy while- die boy lived,' He lay quite still for some minutes, and then he continued — ' Way Heaven pardon me, Vivien, but I loved you so well that I oould almost have destroyed him to render you happy. Another idea came to me, to make you believe he was dead. It was for that I went to America. I could not see any other, way. 1 was very kind to the boy ; he loved me very much, he loves me now. 1 took him away from lay brother, he travelled with me ; and then I deceived my brother as much a- yon, for I made' him believe the boy was dead.' ? How could you ? How could you ?' she sobbed. All herstrength, all hercourage,had given way at last, and she was weeping like. a child. * It was easy to deceive my brother. He is a bookworm, a scholar, a good man; but he takes no interest in the world or what goes on in it. Nothing ever surprises him; he is never sorry, never glad. Years ago, -when I took the boy to him, he said, 'Is he your Bon, Gerald?' and, when I bade him ask no questions, he asked none. He is unlike every one else. It was easy to deceive him. I told him that his charge was ended, that the boy was dead, and that he could return home. He asked no question, he made no comment — he returned, and I remained. Vivien, I meant to bring the boy up as my own, and never to tell you ; but I found that I could not live. I worked hard to keep him and myself I spent all my annuity on him. I brought him back to England when I found that I could not live, and he is here ; but, Vivien, listen.' She ceasea aer passionate weeping -and looked at him. ' Listen, beloved/ he said. ' He has changed so completely; he is not the boy he was — cunning, falsa, undisciplined ; our training has done him ?some good. He is not perfect — far from it — but he is a better boy than he was.' ' Where is he ?' .she asked. * I placed him in tbe best school I could find — Doctor Lester's, of Hammersmith. He is there as Henry Dorman. He has wanted for nothing, Vivien— you believe that f* 'YeB,' she replied, 'lam. sure of it. Bufit «was a cruel deception — a cruel kindness — a cruel deed. I would rather have died yesterday than have heard t.hic to-day.' * Still you have been happy, my beloved f ' Yes, but aU my happiness is over now,' -he replied, with a bitter cry — 'all over. I can never be happy again.' ' I did it because I loved you, and could not en dure to see you suffer. I meant only kindness — only love. 1 knew that if you believed the boy dead and buried your lost scruple would be re moved, and you would be happy. I knew that while you believed him living you would never know one moment's peace. Oh, pardon me, my beloved!' He held out his white, worn hands. ' See how I have suffered,' he said sadly. ? I was a strong man once, and a good man. See to what my fatal love for you lias led me. I have stained my soul by sin and my strength has left me. I have loved you so that I am dying for you. Noir I know what it is to waste one's heart — to garner the whole strength of a soul and lavish it in vain. Now I say to myself, with contrite tears that I ought to have thought of Heaven as I have thought of you.' * My poor Gerald/ fhe said, 'that is a terrible love.' ' I know it-rit has killed me. I have never had any hope in it. You were proud, stately, beauti ful — I was only a poor dependant. I never dreamed of any return ; but, just as a flower gives its perfume to the son, gives its all, givesit freely, asking no return, bo I was willing to live and to die for you. I wanted no return. 1 laid my honour, my truth, my honesty, my very manhood, under your feet. I would have sinned even more deeply to make you happy. t I loved you better than myself.' * But Gerald/ she said gently4 ' why have yon told me yonr secret ? I was, so happy in my ignorance. Why have you not '-kept your secret to the end?' The sad, dying eyes seemed to £11 with a sudden light. ' Because I could not die with it untold. I have lingered on in agony of death ,' and could not die. You cannot see what I see, beloved. Here by my side stands the grim king, sivord in hand. It would not fall until I hod told you — until justice was done. I could live in sin?— I dared not die in it.' ' StiU I canaot see why you. should have told me/ she moaned; ? I was so/happy, Gerald.' ?Listen, beloved/ ho s/iid again. 'Justice must be done; the boy muiit go back to Lance wood.' 'Sever/ she cried hastily — 'never! All our sin and suffering shall noti be in vain. ' But I say it must be da ne- Vivien. You must do justice; yon must restore the inheritance to the boy.' A sharp spasmof pain p sssed over his lividface,. Lady St. Just laid his he ad down on the pillow ; she smoothed back the liair from his brow; his face grew calm again. '?Vivien/ he whispeued faintly, 'once, long ago, when I was going a,' way from you, you kissed' me. And the memory q .f that moment has never left me. Beloved, kissi me again, for I am dying for you.' She laid her fresh $erarm lips on his, already growing cold and chilli. She saw a strange change come over hia face, and she rose hastily and called the nurse. ? I am afraid Mr. Dot man is iworse,' she said. Tha nurse looked atfunc. 'He is dying, madain/ shectold her. He opened his eyes), which were filled with a strange, deep shadewf and fixed them on Vivien's face. She saw bis. lips move, and bent over him. ' The boy mnstigobock to H ascewood/ he said, with laboured breath. 'Promise me.' She made no answer. 'Promise me/ he repeated.; and before her answer came Gerald Donnan,«wae dead. ' Very sndden at the last/ ! said the nurse. * I am afraid it has alarmed you,* madam.' Lad; St. Just knelt h&tf; icroucbingly on the ground; it was not so ranch a ae death of Gerald Dorman that had prostrated eher as the story he had told. ?Shall I get anything fotj yon, madam P* in quired the woman kindly. Ladjr St. Just thanked herjibut said ' No' ; then, rising, she looked long on tlie dead faoe of the man who had loved her- so -well. 'He was a faithful friend I to eur family/ she said slowly. 'He was. my father's secretary, and my husband shall see- that tall proper respect is paid to him now.' For, with titequicknesiFoUherkeenintelligence, ehe sawthat Gerald's deajthtmust bs made known to ner husband. The aitntriity that had been his would revert to the estate. It would be batter to make no mystery of his dea.th. There would-be no need ' at present* to mention Oswald, Once more Lady St Justfbentdown anil touched the dead man's face wit a her lips. / ? Good-bye, Gerald/ line said. 'You havesf jved me welli yon have loved) me well — too wi'il for yonr own happiness kbSl Sir mine/ ' Once again ake look'tdsttthe strange yet&miliar; face — strange in the macble beauty that was fast spreading over it. Efe who had loved her bo well, bad Buffered for her* had sinned former, lay still —he cauls love and /sufEerao more. ?. A rush of tears b'finded-her eyes. Sow zood he ' had been to her, trfis unhappy man ! ? He is dead, Josm/ she-said to hermaid as she re-entered the cab — r he is dead.' /- And Joan never, knaw that LWySt. Just had seen Gerald J-ormui die — she ,nbeved that her ladytaa'reachodthehoaBetooTi'te. She-did not feel 'surprised.&at; Lady St Jost wept during the whole o£ the way hoaia,.Trept in such hbpelara des pair, such weariness of heart. Joan thought it varynaWalsheahoqldmignt.rand nagrat deeply too, an old devoted friandJIke-Gerata Dornuui. 'Hifi lordship will be vexes! to sea you no put oat/ .said the faitMul wota^n. 'Didh*kasw whete you were going, my lady? Bntfio—l urn sore, yhad die known, he would have acoom paniod you.' ?I did not tell him, Joan/ she replied. 'The letter that came to me was addressed by the doctor, I suppose. Lord St. JuBt -was not in the room when I read it/ She was eo proud that ehe disliked equivocating ev«rso slightly to this woman. A false word was detestable to her. When she reached home I*-rd St.Justwas*bBent, and she was thankful there would be time to compose herself before his re turn. When he did appear she was looking pale and ill, but he did sot notice it.' 'Adrian/ she said, 'can you spare me a few minutes? I have something to say to you.' ' The dressine-bell has rung, but I am quite at your orders/ he replied. 'You remember my father's secretary? You have Heard me speak o£ him very often, she began in a low voice. ' Certainly/ said Lord St. Jnst, in his kindly genial manner. ' Your father left him an annuity, did be not?' ' Yes. I had a letter to-day telling me that he was dying and would like to see me.' She spoke in a low hurried voice, with her faoe turned from him. *I went. He was dying when I reached the house — he is dead now. 'My darling wife/ cried Lord St. Just, 'you snonld not have gone through* such a scene.' She did not appear to have heard-bim. After a brief silence she continued — ' It was a great surprise to me. I did not even know that he had retimed to England.'' ' It will be a great trouble to you also, Vivien. He was a faithful friend, I believe/ ' Too faithful/ she said to herself, with a deep drawn, bitter sigh. But for his readiness to sacrifice himself for her, but for Mb wonderful love and fidelity, she would not be in her present terrible position. ' It is getting late, Vivien/ said Lord St. Just, suddenly. ' You are forgetting our dinner-party, darling. You must go and dresi.' Than, struck by her dreamy, abstracted expression, bo hastened to add, * Is there anything that you wish me to do is. this matter?' ' Yes/ she replied. ' Poor Gerald Dorman had but one relative, a brother, and he is in Eouen. I want you, Adrian, to see that Gerald has a fitting funeral.' ' I trill attend to it myself/ said the generous nobleman. ' I will go myself as chief mourner; that will please you, Vivien.' Slowly and sadly ehe raised her pale face to hie his and kissed him. ? You are always good to ino/ she saii— ? always kind.' ' My peerless Vivien, who could be anything else F It is hard on you, darling. I know that you are grieved about this ,- it is a loss to you. Ko new friends can ever take the place of the old. It is hard on you, but, if you can try to be yourself to- night and amuse our guests as you usually do, I suall be glad ; nevertheless, if you would rather not come down to dinner, I will make all excuses for you.' ? I will come/ she said. ' And you will Bee that 'all due respect is paid t' my father's old friend and secretary r' ' I will, my darling ;' and, kissing her pale face more warmly than usual, Lord St. Just hastened raway. CHAPTER XLII. ? I shall have tolive with the knowledge through all the future/ Lady St. Just thought to herself — ' I may just as well begin my task now.' Yet she had Borne terrible causes for anxiety ; one was — would anything compromising to her be found in Gerald's papers P she tried to reassure herself that ke loved her too well to be careless in any matter affecting her. Yet for the next two days the proud beautiful woman suffered a very martyrdom of suspense. Every ring at the bell, every knock at the door, every unusual sound, every footstep, startled her ; and at last Lord St. Just kegan to fear that she must be ill, and to woader what was the matter with her. It was a eoreand terrible trial of her nerves. She did not dare to go again to Gerald's lodgings lest her do ?ing so should excite wonder and comment. The day of poor Gerald's funeral came, and every one who had known his connection with the family thought that Lord St. Just acted kindly and courteously in following. It was a fitting mark of attention. The kindly nobleman himselt had taken care that the ceremony should be one bofiitticg a friend of the Neslies. Gerald's brother did not attend ; the engagement that he had in Bouen would not allow him. So poor Gerald was hud to rest, and Lord St. Just ordered a marble monument that ivas to tell hiB name and his age. He was sorry for the hauless secretary. ? It must be/ he said to his wife, * because I find life so pleasant and eo fair that I dread death, be cause life ends with it. I was so grieved for your poor friend -whom we laid underground to-day .' The day of poor Gerald's funeral was-one of tbe saddest .in Vivien's life; he hod been so true a friend, and he belonged to the sunny past as much as be was associated with herein. On the evening of the day after which ehe had heard the terrible story she had shut herself into her own room that she might thins what was best for her to do. There was but one thing to be done — that she knew. Lancewood ought to be re stored to the young Oswald. Had Gerald lived a few minutes longer, she would have been com pelled to promise that ; but he hod died while the words were on her lips. He had told Her in the course of their last interview hew it could be arranged — how the boy might be produced throngh the family solicitor, who would understand that he had been stolen years before. She saw that it. was possible, without incriminating herself to yield up Laneewoed to him. But, after her years of possession, when she had given every energy of her heart and soul, aU her talents, her patience, time and fortune to the re storation of the home of the ifeslieB— af tev years of labour and thought, and with the conscious ness that Lancewood was now tho^finesf estate in the county — it seemed to her impossible to yield it. To give it to a strolling player's child, to see it once more laid waste, made desolate, ite revenues squandered on a horde of 'needy foreign ers, its glories tarnished — she cordd not entertain the thought. Honour and hor.esty, justice and right, pleaded in rain — sue cor-id not yield up the -place ; and so, in wilful defiance of right, knowing full well tho extent of her crime, banishing the remembrance of the dying face and the ploading eyes, ehe resolved to continue the sin of her life time. ? If he had had a difEnrent mother/ she repeated over and over again, ' I would do it ; but ijance wood shall not be tr.e prey of a. strolling player, no matter by what name she is known, and her associates.' ° At the same tiuie she resolved upon doing what she could for the boy ; he should -have the best of education, the best of assistance. She trusted to her own ready inventiveness for koet- ing his ex istence a secret. If the worst came, she could say that he was 4. boy in whom Gerald Dorman was warmly interested, and whom, for Gerald's sake, she was/befriending. She could always take refuge in that; equivocation, although Bhe detested false wordfs. «Jt cannot be wrong/ she said to herself, with -.an/air of desperation; 'the sin would rather lie .in allowing Lancewood to be the prey of the epoilers.' The next morning, as she laft her dressing room, she saw her little Arthur waiting for her at the door. ? 'Mamma/lie said, springing up to her, 'I told Frank X should have the first kiss— and I have had She took the child in her arms and looked at him long and steadily. They were grave thoughts that paased through her mind then. This Bin of hers, this usurpation of another's rights, might extend to the innocent child in her arms. He -was one ? day to be lord of Lancewood — would Heaven punish him as sharing in her sin ?' I ' I -wish/ said Lady St. Just to herself, ' that I understood more of these things. How could he suffer for it, when he would be innocent of the facts even ?' She looked at the boy's fair sweet face, and her heart warmed to him with a great love. . 'I would do nothing that should hurt him/ she, thought, ' my beautiful boy.' Then she remembered how proud she had been* of him, as one who would inherit the home she loved. Could sheltoke it from Una. fair-faced noble boyandgivo it to Valerie's son ? A thousand times no P Her boy was a true Neslia ; tehad noble blood in bis veins, a noble soul shone in his little faoe. J&ob; him for Valerie's sod— the hoy who in his youth had learned todecive and to tyrannise ? A theusand times no ! *I will keep Lancewood and risk it/ she said to herself ; ' I will keep it for Arthur's sake/ The child clasped his little srms- round Us mother's neck. \- Mamma/ he said,' you look to sad, «o serious; have I been naughty ?' 'No, my darling/ ehe replied; and fhe T»y hid his face on her neck, far he saw the beautiful dark eyes were filled with tears. Tha obild ran away to bis play, and Lady St. Justwent to her doily duties. Sfae never looked at or listened to her own children without thinking; of little Oswald, whom she remembered as a child. She had loved him after a fashion, because ho was her half-brother,, and because she- had trid so bard to educate him. She wondered what he had grown into — what he was like now — above all, if he hod any remembrance of Lancewood. A lenging- came to eee him, to know if he believed himself to be Henry Dorman, to knoirif he had stay UngeriMg memory of hisformer life. This idea grew upon hor until it became a fer feot fever. She said to herself that if she oace; saw him she would be at rest, that if she could speak to him, know something of him, she would not be haunted as she was now. How could she see him, — by going to the Bchoo\ where he was ? She remembered the name — Doctor Lester's, Hammersmith. She looked in a directory and found the lmmo — l Grove House Academy.' She might go there some d&y; when Lord St. Jnst was occupied. She need not take Joan with her, neither seed she take the carriage ; she would go in a cab, and return in tho 6ame way. Would the boy reoogfiise her f No, she was sure of that; Gerald never spoke falsely, and he had assured her that Oswald remembered nothing of his former life. She would go, and if her name were asked for, she could say Mrs. Smith, Mrs. anything. One thing was quite certain she must see the boy. ? Vivien/ said Lord St. Just, anxiously, 'either jou ore not well or you are plotting come terrible conspiracy — which is it f ' The words were so near the truth that Lady St. Jnst. trembled. * Why do you say that, Adrian V Bhe asked. ' My dariinp, you don't know how you have changed. Hitherto you have been all smiles and sunshine, now you are always thinking so deeply. I never find you reading, writing, playing with the children ; whenever 1 come in you are sitting or standing quite still thinking— always thinking so deeply. Do you know that I sometiineB enter a room and leave it without you having once seen or beard me? I often speik to you, ask you questions, and you look at me with such vague, dreamy eyeB. What is it that occupies all your thoughts?' she tried to smile, to answer him lightly, but she could not. Her lips trembled, her face grew pale. * Yon are not well/ he said. ' Yon have worked hard for m« this year, Vivien — I owe a great part of my buccosb to you — but now you must rest. We shall leave London as soon as possible. she clasped her arms round his neck and kissed his face. ? You are kind to me, Adrien/ she said. * I do not deserve your great love.' And Lord St. Juet laughed ct the- words. CHAPTER XLIII Her husband's words made a great impression on Lady St. JubL She know they were true ,- Bhe had no room for any other thought in her mind but her thoughts of the child Oswald. She took note, and found that for hours together she did nothing but think and ponder. She could never have been a real 'criminal she had too keen a conscience She could take Lanceu-ood from the boy because she did not think him worthy to hold it ; but she could not forget the boy's existence. She must see him, care for him, advance his inlereBta in life —do anything, in fact, except give him his in heritance. 'One thing is plain/ she said to herself, 'if I wish to keep my secret, I must not let it absorb me so entirely.' The very expression of her face seemed to have changed; it was fail of dreamy, absorbed thought, the life and animation had almost left it. ? I shall be better when I hav.? -\?eii the boy/ she thought. ' I am haunted i; a thousand fears and a thousand thoughts that v.-ill be laid as ghosts are laid when I have s-?cn him.' That soon became her one great object, and tho day came that brought her a very fair chance of achieviug it. Lord St. Juftt went with some friends to Gravetend; there was a Government in quiry about some naval matters requiring bis attention. He would bo absent for a whole day; and on that duy Lady St. Just resolved to go to Hammersmith. As when she visit ed Gerald porman, she dressed herself as plainly as possible — a block silk dress that showed some signs of wear, a dark travelliag-cloak, a bonnet with a thick veil. Thus attired, who would recognise the beautiful and magnificent Lady St. Just ? She contrived to leave tbe house without being seen, having sent Joan Habley out previously. She walked some little distance, and then took a cab. ' You shall be well paid for it/ she replied, with sublime ignorance of a cabman's peculiarities. Her heart beat loud and fast as the cab Btopped before a large square house standing back from the roa'i and surrounded by trees. 'Grove1 House Academy* ene read on the large brass plate. * You will wait for ?ne,' she said, as the man opened the door—' I may be some time.' \- - The man seated himself on his box, took out his newspaper, and mentally congratulated himself on being ' in for a good tiling.' The door was opened by a footman, who said that Doctor Lester was not in, but that Mr. Hard man, the head-master, was. ? I w»nt to see one of the young gentlemen, a Master Henry Dorman. Is he here':' 'Yes — please step this way, and I will- fetch him/ was tbe reply. She was shown into a small ante-room, with nothing very cheerful to recommend it — it con tained a square table, a few horse-hair chairs, a pair of globes, and a large map. All view from the window was cut off by a. thick wire blind. Lady St. Just sat down. Her heart was beat ing fast, her limbs trembled — she could not stand She was to see him again, Valerie's son, the child she had deprived of his inheritance, the heir of Lancewood, the descendant of a French strolling player, the boy she had hushed in her arms, had tried to teach, and had given us in despair. She drew bacE her heavy veil, and seemed to gasp for breath ; her lipB burned like fire ; then Bhe drew down her veil, and tried to calm her terrible agitation. She heard footsteps. A tall, elderly gentleman entered the room, who introduced himself as Mr. Hardman, the head master. He looked curiously at the beautiful face half hidden by the veil. ' You wish to see one of our boys, madam — Henry Dorman.? Ha is an orphan, I believe. Hay I ask if you know any of hiB relations ?' ' I knew his mother/ she replied. ' I should like to see him, although he would not know me. I knew his mother when he was quite a little child.' ' We are obliged to be cautious/ said Mr. Hard man. * As a rule, we require a noto from the parents or relations before anyone is allowed to see any of tbe boys. But in this case I can dis pense 'with lie formality.' He had recognised the muiical, refined voice of a lady. 'I will sand young Dbrman to you, madam,' he said, as he quitted tho room. Ah, Heaven, if her Heart would but beat less ?wildly — if the clinging mist would but pass from before her eyes — if her trembling hands would but stow still 1 When bad she seen Oswald last? She remem bered the day and the hour. He had said a lesson correctly to poor dead Gerald, and, as a reward, she gave him a. nail he had been, longing for. - ?'You ore a pood sister, Vivien,* he had said, as ! he ran laughing from tbe room. A good sister 1 The words returned to her with a keen pang, . Before the door opened she heard a laughing voice say — 'Some one to see me, James P You must be mistaken, No one ever comes to see me/ 'You will see for yourself. Master Dormaa/ was the answer; and then he stood before her. Her. eyes almost devoured him. Her breatir came la^thiok notgaansiu she looked at him. How was Bbo.to hide him f Bow was she to hide liar cin? She saw before her a tall, slender bojTjith Valerie V golden-brown hair and Valerie's eyes. There all resemblance to hie mother ended. The face was exactly like her own— a true Neslie faoe. There was no mistaking it — no passing it by rn notdesd. He looked up at her with bright, -fear- less, laughing eyes »o like Valerie's. ?Are you quite sure/ he said, 'that yon want to sea nieF I did not think anyone in the. wide world knew me.' She took his hand in hers ; all her heart went out in pity to tie desolate, lonely boy. 'I knew your mother, .toaster .Dorman/ she said, ' when yos were quite a little child/ ? I wish I had known her/ he returned. ' When all the other boys talk about their mothers, I wonder what mine was like/ ' Do you not remember her/ she asked. ' I remember twa faces/ said tha bay. ' I think one ^as very fair and laughing, the other dark and beautiful, but I cannot tell whether either of them was my mother. I remember the faces only indistinctly, like a vaguo dream. Did you know my mother ?' How her heart ached for him, warmed to him, boat irith passionate pity and passionate -pain! She would do anything lor him except give up Lancewood. ' Yes, I knew her. Because I knew her I have come to see you.' ?How did you knowthat I was herej' he asked; and the question puzzled her. ' I heard it by accident/ she replied, * and I thought I should like to see you.' 'For my mother's sake?' he interrupted ; and she could not say it was for Valorie'ts. ' I shall oome and see you sometimes/ she con tinued, ? and, if there is anything you would like, I will bring it/ ? There are many things I should like. I should like a. good cricket-bat, and a bow aad arrows.' ' Would you P' asked Vivien, with a brightened raca. ' Then yon shall have them/ It was some little comfort even togivehim those things. ? I shall be pasting by here next week/ she told him, 'and I will bring them to you.' ? That is very good of you/ said the boy ; and the voice -was so entirely like Valerie's that she was startled. She caw him looking intentlv at her vailed face. ' You have not told me yet who yon are/ he said, laughingly. ? You would not know my name if I told it to you/ she replied— 'you will easily remembsrMrB. Smith.' ' Are you Mrs. Smith ?' he asked. ' We have five Smiths in this school, and the boys say that the Doctor will not take another. Mrs. Smith, did you know my father ?' 'Heaven pinion me!' Bhe sighed from the depths of her heart. His-fat!»er was her own. ' Yes/ she replied, in a low faint voice. ? He and my mother are both, dead/ sighed the lioy. * I have been in America with my uncle, Mr. Dorman. Now he is daad, and I am quite alone in the. world.' 'Was Mr. Dorman your uncle f asked Lady St. Just. ' Yes. I used to call him uncle Dorman/ said the boy. / ' And where did/ue live?1 she asked. 'I think he ha/ always lived in America/ re plied the boy, thoughtfully; 'he never spoke of England to me/when we were in New York. We came to EnghAd together. He placed me here at school; and u6w he is dead.' ? He was very kind to yon ?' sfae said. ?Yes— nt- one could have been kinder/ answered the lad. ' I cannot remember going to America— I should not Hiinir I was mora than five years old when I wont.' ? You were a young traveller/ she said. ' Yes. 1 went with some one who was always reading and Btudying-j-he never seemed to re member that I was alive. He used to look at me in such surprise and sny, ' Oh, little boy 1' I remember how 1 went front him to uncle Dor man.' ' Did your uncle never tell you, never speak to you, of any one whom he knew— of England, of any friends ?' ?No/ said the boy; 'never/ ' Then/ thought Lady St Ju«t/ « I am quite safe; 'there ib ao link here. He does not know the name of Lancewood ; there is nothing to con nect him with it in any way. Even should any. one know he bad on rf uncle Doriaan,' thay would never dream that this uncle who he says lived in America was Gerald Dorman who lived at Lnn6ewood. 1 am quite safe ; there is no con necting link whatever/ ? I shall bo viry kind to you/- Bhe said; * I shall bring you everything that you, like. Have you plenty of pook«t-money P' 'Are you any relation to me.?' asked the boy, curiously. 'Do you know, I fancy that I have heard your voice before ; it is just like musio 1 and it seems tome that years ago I .beard one justlika it. May I see your face? Yonr veil is ao thick.' Shg hesitated a moment, and then she said to herself -There can be no danger; he does not even know the name of Lancewood; he ?will not remember me.' ? See my face f * she replied. ? Yes, certainly, I am rude to have talked to you all this time with my veil down.' She tbrew it back, and tha boy looked lone at the beautiful face. 'Why, you are like a picture, Mrs. Smith I' he said. 'I wondgr it I have ev«r dreamed about you.' ' How could you dream about me V she asked. ? I do not know; all my thoughts ore bo con fused, so vague, so like dreams. Now that I look at your face, I think I have seen one lika it once.' « Where f she asked, in sudden fear. ? I cannot tell you where/ he laughed. ' I only remember a background of trees and a face like yours looking sorrowfully at me. I do not re member it when you smile, but I do when yon look serious. Have I ever seen you beforeP' ? I have never been to America,/ she replied, evasively. ' Then I cannot have seen It. I am so glad you know me, Mrs. Smith; it is very dull all alone here. Perhaps some day, when you arfl not very busy, you will take me oat, I hare never been out since I came.' ? Poor child— poor boy 1' she said, her beautiful ayes growing dun. ? I shall soon be old enough to go out by myself/ he told her, prondly. « You will come to see me again V he added. ? Yes/ sho replied, ' I will come again.' . She bent her stately haad and kissed lie brow so like her own. The boy blushed. ? I do not remember that anyone hJaSrerer done that before,' he said. ? Gaod- bye, Mrs. Smith. In another minute she had left him, standing thinking about her face, and how he had oome to dream about it. ' ? 