TME LA.TE MATiJESEWvri&WSOST.; Tku followir.g sketch.of tho late- Mat. Daw son,, londensr.d frem Si* Tforld^will be read -tjvith interest 2 — ? '-'1'he sccno in at Nowiaarket, celebrated! for 6,am-nge3 anu horso-rf.ouig. A. quarter of a oeninry ago ibo great representative traiaerof 'racehorses dwelt afarifrora- tho hkstorio Heath. iW&ilo; John Scott aho:l8at .Maltca the thoughts of awners, tuckers, anni bool;niiit.rs, tad tie spjiglasses of jnu'imerable touts were -ccteoied jtowards Laagton Walii Wllitewall ? was a siiow placo of .whicha^forkshiMmeiir-horsiest :oi' mortals — were jxaS.7 proud. Tha-Leger was almost, farmed by tlae Groai-Northern. stable whiuh counted amocget its supforters- th-e late Lord Darby, Mr. Ecwia, aud the presaat lord Falmouth^at that time ho rejoiced ic. the ««»» He courses of Mr. E. IV ValesSine. All!t!his is changed. The glo^r-of tho turf has fidasl from Langton 'Wold and/ suttlod upon Na.v.--narket. In the yaar when .Red Euple won tho- Cam bridges'uiee thero \A3-o-not 260 horso&jit; New market. , Now there. aro few short- of 1,000. From the Berkshire-' Downs came fcitbor a few years ag.o- 3Ir. MaAtSaw — called by- his. friends aud admirers ' llai ?* — Da\7(son, on whom the ? mantis- of John Scott- may fairly- lie. said to. havo fiiHun. A-. thicikset acJitfe- man c2f some 3yi»-and-fiftyauma-;rs greeia. uo heartily as wD.siup into lid, -sanctum at Honti Hou&a;, His rosy feaitu-tia— oi- that purtteular tint whiijl- can onl^ be. aciuired b/.- the confltunt cou^mplation of ,--hoK3» flesh — iro jurrouniiod.' by a. &inge; of.' -whiskere-; his ntill abuudiut lo^iare but jlightly iouched -jMthigrey. Thero is, giving tL* pecuUu- and 3tiiC3wise iiidiB civllailo hue xlraady referred to, nothing &f-; a sorting ohcttacter.-ioitoe apjeaoance of BDai tiaw Dawccm. Hb-mnke-up. iii- of the oa-neTe -?almost ^ori/cal — order, aadl !kis demeiiic-ar and conversation. iMO-singultirf^ free froia, aaiy isaoo of t'.w stablf. He iu one of the most genial of Scots,, but ft strenupiuv worker Mitiial, aqual noi-only t » .tlVe task of training au im ,'iuense fiiwdpf 'horses, but 3f entering tTleta ju 1 dicioimlj. for .fertiliioming an&nts;, no li^jli. task, ' be it reaiemberad'. ' Tl^i.wullh^cCitha pleaoo.it room, loc&hi;£ on to alawi;;iHSmo3tlla3abilliaf(i-tublo arehuagwith portraits, of oq;jine caltolhtiticB — higll^mottled racer3 of stsitilms pedi^nw, whose glorr is en shrioad for- ovjr in 4io studbooi-. First of: these in asJHqf.iity, as. in renown, is Eclipse. Ovor tho riroplaco haugs a liariJiy- less cele brated ajlmal — Alice- Hawthorn, tie dam of Tiocmunby, winuov »f the DetVj, and one of the househejd gods, of the Daiwoos. Qf Ohe i'.»mous --L!i53nut Thormanby — tlio honest soa of Wiiidhauail — tlioie-aro moinorialb in plenty. On ane side;- hangs hia portrait in oils ; on the other t Htand&b;^Utuet t& of him in silt ir ; mid a mngnifi tceubv;ii*k is raadeoutof the t»il— cui&msh-; flbeko-i with the whalebone -shit* hairs— whioh 'ho sl;owed to thn Wizard »3 thoy shot j-ast the po»l for tho Uorby. Tho Jimoricau horse itTus^tra had many .followers; all Yorkshire pUy.ged on tho Wizard, and tho partisans of t'aa. yellow juckot — tho- original Wtstminster ociours, tempoivirily ^lorno by Mi. Merry — staked heavily on Thormsnby. The Wizard : iras trained by old OlolMi Soott, named aftsi iim, and had besidos, tho prestige vhioh always attaches to tho winner of tho Two Thousand Guineas. Thorma.ibj's trainer had good causs for his uonfidento-v but it wss only nftqrt a regular trial wftK jookeys up. »t Bussloy that Matthew Dawsoii knew his borse wi-s t(.w.enty ono pounds btiter than 'Norlhern Lighlt. Mr. Merry then b:» ked his sfpresentuUve. for a Rr«ot stake a,} short oddB, and is 6o5l to have won nenrijf #100,000. But it was. a noarer thing thiin the decision of the Judge indicated, for only forty- eight hours after toe raoe Thor manby suffered from an attack of strangles, from whioh he never thoroughly recovered timing, the soason. Ho nmdo a poor fight for tie- famous Legw in which St. Albans romped home ; but a grand show in the Ascot Cup next year. ' Above tho pioture of Alice Hawthorn is Kingoraft, a Derby winner, with his owner, bora I-lm.c-uth| itandinj by bis tide, a gift from Hia Lordship to his trainer. Next cornea a capital portrait of Tom Aldorof t, in the Fronobv grey jacktt and red cap of . Adiniral.Haiconrt, mounted on Ellington, a hbiio trained by Tom Diweon at Jfiddli-liarn, and the winner of one of tho most aonsational Derbies on Kcordi'.1 . ; 1 ' Discoursinjr pleasnntly of t&rf; history and turf legend, rhu trainer of Thorraiiuby and Kingcraft, Dundee n'uil Buckstoce, Spinuway, Ciniibsllo, and Linn i'i-b points with b&Kold; double1 eyeglssn lo u. magnificent portraitof (Did Fisher^ man after liis rotirsiiient'from racingraud to an otrrer of Wild Dnyrftll, one of the greatesthorsef' of modem days. Bet ween these is tllfr gallauS blaelt--a1mdst blue Maok— Saiinternr, whom he passed' to'Mr. Merrv,' who won with him the-T historical Goodwood Cup, followed by the'nud-:' den death ofa pppiilarnohlemnu under circum Btanoes- which1 CinoeiJ muclrpiintul remark. It was'fliiriiijr Ms eonueetion- with Matthew Daw son thit Mr. MTcrry achieved those victories which made the boy in yellow the guudian angel of backers and the despair of tho rinjf. ' Tb-o Heatlv House eBt.-vbliahropnt was origi-i' nally built, t»o bdiove, by Lord Stamford f6r Xoso'ph BhwBoii, hut ultimately, cauio into- the hands of his brother. Having been made on purpose, it is oiwrything that n, jjieut training,' eotoblisbment nhonln bo. Iiooking over the nibe patch of training grouusli called for some inaompreSensiblc reiwou ths ?' Severals,' to^- wards tha abode o£ Judge Cls-r'it »t Fuirstead, Hcuth Hoaee is huudy to the- Bury Hill. Af the rear of the trco-einbowersd dwelling is a qucdraugloof st&bloe;,.all well appointed, spick; and span, and siiuufc rw the gsave. There is a hardly porcoptible- bastle aa the horses re turn from eicrciaey but silence- ie the order of the day. T)he loan strings of terribly high bred' cattle glid-j out of the stable on to the Soverala and' Bury Hill noiselessly as sheeted ghosts. Pa«o and direction are indicated by a - wave of tho hut or a- movement of the hand. .All follinto position ia mechanknl regularity. .Even the yearlings seem impressed with a sense ?of coming dignity, n,nd move gravely, as if ?they hsiow now much money they are destined :to cu-jry. At afternoon time the horses of :name and face,, tho cynosure of touts, the hope ?of backora, the dread of the rinpt. aro quietly; 'bestowed in the stable, their work having been ;done at an early hour soon after sunrise in fact, . ;'but not too early for the keen eyes, which can jreuoguiao any animal trained at Newmarket ; through the thickest of clothing, and make a ? i shrewd guoss at his condition besides. Tout-' ing msdt be a profitable profession, if, as we -are told, the head of the profession at New market makes £1,000 a year. The trainers at head-quarters appear to entertain far less ? .horror of* the indigenous tout than of the army ?of horse-watchers who invade the town just before a great raco. These outsiders are a sore trial and a vexation, from their rough manners - .aud objectionuble intrusiveness. AlmoBtases ;asperati»jr as are the persons who, without the. ? slightest claim to the confidence of a trainer, pelt him with letters, of which, the following. ' — received just before the race for the Middle: ''.Park Plate— is a fair sample : — 'I'rom — — of : j ? toMr.M.Dawson, Newmarket. DearSir,— You will excuse me taking the liberty of writ-: ;.ing to you. I should fee\ exceedingly oblige^ . if you would let me know if you are going to ,'win with Lord Falmouth's filly. lam, Sirj . i;youra truly ? .' ! ' From the period of his pleasant connection 'with Lord John Scott until now, Matthew ' BawBOn has over eschewed fanciful. theories ? ?-and hard-and-fast rules of training. It was - {said of the two famous trainers of bis early ! years— J'nhn Scott and old John Day— that the ? j termer always leant towards flesh, preferring ? to me his bosses a little above themselves, . : while Jbhn Day -would iriBiaS on galloping _? ; them till, the lust onuce of superfluous fat was . removed. Matthew Dawson may bo desig nated an eclectic trainer, fully recognising the - value- of each of the older system} in particular - ! eases, buS viewing avery horse under his oare ? as a patient requiring special treatment accord- ? ing to-his-izulividoal constitution. ' A«- we saunter through tSo. stables on a . warni afternoon tho- cats (without which no racing: establishment would be complete} sit blinking i&oir; eyes- a.3 tho sur.,.Iooiing as wise- - as only owls and out;* can loot, and the calm of ?' the jlaco becomes ic possible more intense than . eves.. Op Sunday,, perhaps, a. lower deep of ; Btillnass ia roached.. It is only broken in the evening,, when Mra. Dawson,. who takes great prido-iu her regimorai of tiny, apporsntices, reads. . evoning.- service-,, aad tho boys Sft up their voices and sin;* with a vigour and accuracy which speak wall for tho skill of their teacher and'the soundness- of their lungs.' '?BoaEMiAK,' in Tin- With, writes : — Tir8-ifi/c-/i;r« MZmer of February 7 gives a graphic acoouat of tho way & membor of the liOgislntivo A3-wsibly pasaed the shining hours . Vhile viBiting CSaarters Towers a week or two previously. S'roni this I learn that on . one occasion the \oa. memtar and the landlord of uhe-hctel whai-u lie was staying had a difference . of. opjnion ou, some poist late one night, which led to a rough-and-tumble fight between the.. thGtwo in the parlouroi the hotel, thegoldfieldB. warden andaadther jestics of the peace Btand ;iugr by to soi» Sair play.» Tho honourable mem-. ;ber being a 'younger aB well as a bigger and: istrauger aaji than the landlord, was. getting- ?»k-ng couifior tably with his pounding, when, a. pagnaoioas- 'lodger burst into the parlour, and insisted nfHra taking up the fighting on the landlord's- - ohalf. The hon. member did not approve of this vicarious sort of ordeal ? by ?wager oi brittle, but the new comer was so very? pressing? that tho. member offered to ' have it out wxtJk him in the back yard.'1' The man hurriedi ?out, acnious to commence, but- the. moment the mta was outsije the door- the memVarr judiciously turned the key and kept him out. Then, that man howled and vocifor ateil ihe most caadid opinions -about the con duct oi this M. L. A., and went tearing.round. the hon.se in na- earnest aud persistent, attempt to gat inside again. The M. L. A. had to hids- himself during the remainder of. the night f rod that irato digger, and next morning left that hotel, tried another but whs rofaijed;8heUar, bo. had to leave by coaeh for Town9?ille- at ooctt. Thin- ..was this honoarablo gentleman de pctredof his- amusement jii hammoringLhislund \ojtJ., in a luiot comfortaMe way, hifl-enjoynieat wa,1!) cruelly; interrupted j and his stay in. Charters Towers cat; shert by th& over-ofiiflious intrusion of a grestilulking digger of a pugnacious- turn of uiimU 1 have ieard bafote tbat the 'Towerti' isa rough aort of jluce, builhad r.o idea it was so ie.i n» this accouur iu the 2i'ort!iefiiMbier iuakca.it out to bo. What is the valuo-.of the priv^legos of a membes of _Par Iiamor.t if he is 1 jible to be trentud lik» a common bluckguari'. whenever, he hu-ppeus to go in-, for a littlo pleasure ani relaxation in &a; way of nmateus pugilism with a less man than lumself. Old Jack Falstaff, wheu interfered with os ono occasion, indig naxtly esclaimeii, '? Sliiiil I| not tal;o mine ease ut mino own ian?' And nebody was bold esougn to den^Hs mcial and equitable right to. do so. But it appoars.trmb thu right is not ufiknowledged.. at the inns iii Charters Towers fthea there are igcarant aad, vulgar. diggers abont. ?..,.,. ?-' 1 i Th'eiie i&.thia pe- julifirity aWit, snnke stouts, that, in orCT-er;to lx- acceptable, each one should^ be mado moro scasational than its immediate prodecedDor. This necessity must havo aituclv tho individual who sent a snake Btory. to a. Marybwpugh paper the other day ? which em-, braced, the following remarkable features :r-% Whilo the epsoh was proceeding od ifs way from Gaynciih to Maryborough, a passenger on the bunk seai experienced tbe entirely nov, if not pleasing, sensation of a brown snake ornwling up hia arm. Following up u very natural impulse ha jerlted tho reptile on to thn oonchraan's nook, who, we aro told, spasmodically transferred his dangerous ououm branoo to tho oustody of a psBceman, who was a passimgor on the coach! at the same time using the butt end of hia -whip upon the shoul ders of the astonished guardian of the law. It is gratifying to learn that the official referred to also booama for tho nonce ' finisher of the law ' as regarded the snake. Tho story is in teresting, but it, h»s » little too much era.b,rqj-, aery about itv 