LADY-DAY AT KNOCK. WONDERFUL SCENES OF FAITH! AND DEVOTION. IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE OF PILGRIMS. FBOM IRELAND, ENGLAND, AND AMERICA. MASSES AND SERMONS IN THE OPEN AIR. ALLEGED MIRACULOUS CURES. GREAT EXCITEMENT AMONGST THE PEOPLE. (FBOM " NATION'S SPECIAL COBBESPONDENT.) THAT the Feast of the Assumption would be a great day of devotion at the Church of the Apparition at Knock was fully expected, and often thought of by many Irish Catholics since the commencement of the present month, not solely because that Feast of the Virgin is always highly honoured by our people, but also because it was [within the octave—on the 21st of August—the Apparition of Our Blessed Lady was witnessed at that favoured little church twelve months ago. The managers of the Midland Railway, anticipating the strain that would be put upon their resources, made due preparations for the emergency, and organised a capital service of trains for the public convenience. Rude and hasty preparations for the accommodation of the multitude were got up in the village of Knock, along the roadside, and in various other available places. In the two nearest towns on the railway line—Ballyhaunis to the east, and Claremorris to the west—the hotel and lodgiiighouse business received an immense development. Numbers of pilgrims who are unable to camp out in the open air or under the slight shelter of a tent leave those towns in the.morning on vehicles of various sorts for Knock, and return in the evening. A comfortable hotel has recently been opened within a short distance—a mile at the utmost—of the Church of the Apparition, andisagreatboonto all whoare able to secure accommodation therein ; but on such an occasion as that of Sunday last it was, of course, inadequate to meet the public requirement, and great numbers of persons who would have been well content to pay for the use of even a chair or a sofa in any corner of the house had to turn from its doors to seek what shelter they could elsewhere. Churchfield House, as this hotel is called, was up to a few months ago the residence of a local Catholic gentleman, but to meet the exigencies of the present time it has been purchased' or rented from him, and fitted up to suit the present purpose. On Saturday, the 14th instant, great crowds began to pour from all directions into the village, and moat of them made almost immediately for the famous little church. Of oourse not a hundredth part of their number could get at any one time within its walls, but then they filled the spacious field by which it is surrounded, and fell at once to the practice of their devotions. As might be expected, the space of ground in front of the gable on which the Apparition was seen was most densely crowded, and passage through it was a work of difficulty. A few words relating to the appearance and condition of the church itself before I say more of the scenes of which it was the centre. I had been to the place on two former occasions, and I was now glad to see that some changes had taken place since then. A commencement towards the repairs and decoration of the church has been made, and the process of improvement is at present going on. New sashes have been put into the windows, capable of being opened for the ventilation of the building; some painting and whitening have been done to the interior; a.harmoDium, tbe gift of a grateful visitor, has been placed in a portion of the steeple which opens into the church, and many costly and beautiful ecclesiastical ornament?, presentations also, have been placed on the altar. But much remains to be done in order to make the interior of the church aa neat and as comfortable as it should be. It has still a rough and uneven earthern floor, dusty in summer time and muddy in winter, and there are but a few forms or lone stools, on which a small, number of people can sit. -This state of things will, no doubt, be remedied just as fast as the means for so doing are supplied to the pious and zealous pastor of the parish, the Venerable Arohdeacon Cavanagh. Coming to the exterior, I perceive that a scaffolding has been ereoted againBt the gable, which is toreceive a new coating of cement. The boarding on the lower part of the wall, which is all hung with crutches, will probably be taken, away, and a railing placed outside to proteot the' wall from further injury. A rude wooden niche, or porch, in which is a statue of the Virgin, surrounded by ornaments* candles, ana flowers, stands against the walL An improved construction of the same kind will,-1 dare say, be placed inside the railing I have spoken of. All the walls of the church, need to be newly cemented on the outside, aa from all of them the mortar has been scraped away as high as the hand canreaeh. By the .. expenditure of a few hundred pounds in the way of repair and decoration the church, could be made quite a little gem, as the ' structure itself is quite suitable for such treatment. In dose proximity to the sacred edifice, against the boundary wall which divides the field in whioh it stands from the road, a . number of wooden sheds have been erected. in which prayer boots, pious picture, medals, beads, photographs of the chnrch, statuettes of the Virgin, and other such articles are sold, and in theBe apparently a brisk trade is being done. In a shed outside the field lemonade, gingerbeer,ahd other such bever ages *an be had, but no intoxicating liquors are allowed tote sold in the neighbourhood, In the crowd which thronged the " chapel . field," as it is called, on Saturday evening were men and woman from all parts of Irelaod. Many members of the .Lancashire pilgrimage were still there, and there also were some members of a party that had come from the United States. Well dressed men, ladies in fashionable attire, children who had been tenderly nurtured, women in deep mourning for the loss of dear relatives, were mingled there with peasants in homely garb and people in rags, with the lame, the bait, and the blind. One had to pick his *way carefully amongst them all, so as to 'avoid treading on any of those who knelt, or .roughly jostling any of the delicate or .infirm folk near him Some family groups -lay on the grass, resting after their long and tiresome journeys; larger afsemb" other parts, kneeling, recited the rosary. •Close by one of the boundary walls three little crowds, forming so many semicircles in front of three open umbrellas, might -be seen. What was going on there ? .Approaching near to them, one found -the explanation ; three priestB were sitting • on eliaire, holding those umbrellas over -their heads, and hearingconfessions—preparing penitents for Holy Communion next morning. The shades of night fell upon these scenes. Then the candles in front of the statue of the Virgin, within the little niche I have already referred to, were .lighted, and cast their rays on a dense mass of suppliants congregated in front. A mur- Jnur of prayer was over the whole field. -Turn whore you would, now from one group and now from another, the Rosary and the Litany of the Virgin rose on the air. So •the hours wore on. Numbers -of people now .began to "settle themselves" as well as they could for the night.. The countrywomen sat olose by the walls of the church and of the field, and pulled their woollen shawls over their heads, so that each of them looked dimply like a bundle of clothes, and in that .position prayed themselves to sleep. And now up from the East., through the calm sir of the Autumn night, smiling lovingly on the touohing scene, came the Lady Moon. Still burned the lights before the statue of the Virgin ; still rose the murmur of prayer on the air, till the Bky grew white with the light of day, and the fair moon slowly disappeared; and at half-past four o'clock in the morning of the Feast of the Assumption the Masses began to be offered ineido the church, All day long and all night the interior of the sacred edifice had been crowded. All day long and all night piayers had been going on there. Some of the most delicate and helpless of the worshippers were placed inside the altar rails, where they had a little space of boarded flooring beneath them, the greater number, including several clergymen, ladies, aid gentlemen, and persons of all classeB, sat out, or knelt out the time on the rough, earthen floor. An immense number of communicants received the Holy Sacrament at the altar rails, getting up to which was a matter of no small difficulty. Later on in the morning, Masses were said outside the gable in the open air, and, I believe that never, not even in the penal times, when " the wild rain dashed in the chalise the priest's hands lifted up," was the Holy Sacrifice followed in all its parts with so rapt and intense a devotion. Within the church, High Mass was celebrated at eleven ofolock, and the splendour and solemnity of the rite seemed to still further exalt the feelings of the people who participated in it. 1 After the High Mass came a procession in Honour of our Blessed Lady through the chapel grounds and around the walls of the sacred building. It was led by about a hundred young girls, dressed in blue and white, and bearing about a score o£ handsome banners, which had at various times been presented to the church of Knock by parties of pilgrims from Limerick, Cork, Manchester, and other places. The girls were floe, healthy children, and must have come from a.wide oircuit of the country, as the little village of Knock certainly could not turn out so large a contingent. At the close of this interesting feature of the proceedings the Rev. Father OIGallaghan; of Manbhester, mounted a temporary platform which .had hden improvised for him againBt the gable pf the National Sohpol (which stands within the chapfel fiejfl), and, facing the gable of the apparition/he delivered an eloquent sermon oil tha ; . Catholic ; doctrine regarding the Blessed Virgin, and on the glory and power of the Mother of God. He dwelt upon 1 the reasonableness of that doctrine in all' itB pairti>, from the Immaculate Conception' pf tM Virgin to her [glorious Assumption into Heaven. He besought his hearers to have r^oojifse to. her as an intercessor with'her Divine Son; he referred to" the devotion towards' her for which the faithful Irish rate were" r3isUnguished; and he implored of thefti,- from that place, hallowfed by the viiiohshehad given them, to' maintain thit glbrious' Characteristic. He askeil : then»\ttf imitate the' virtues of which Mary, wfes 'so bright an ftcample,and promised them ttiat if they did eb theyjtob, would have; on the last difira glorious assumption fnto'heaven, there tow6 with -Mary and Joseph and with all the' saJjris, with the .Father, and Son,, and thd Hbly Ghost,for all eternity.' At the clpBe of thpjrev^rend ger^tleipan's mpressivedu- -course, the ^ thowfenjdfc who had Attentively listened to it, *ahd into, whose hearits itB every wfrd'appeareS to tink, threw themselves on ttoirknees, and prayed fervently in accord •with the appeal and with the spirit of the gifted preacher. And when all these functions were over, still the devotions of thepeople went on, both inside the ohurch and outside. In the evening there was Benediotion of the Most Holy Sacrament, and when that was ended the prayers of the people still oontinued. A considerable number of the devotees intend to remain on the spot until Sunday next, which will be the first anniversary of the apparition. During the two days, the scenes of which I have briefly and inadequately desoribed, there was, of course, a great desire amongst the people to see or hear of miraculous cures, and to witness Supernatural manifestations, if any such should be vouchsafed. In the excitement of the time, reports of suoh occurrences were sometimes spread, but they died away again, and, for the time at all events, they lacked verification. Once or twice something approaching to a pan" ^fvas created in the church by the shoujjjjgi of persons who alleged that they dnr visions, and who apparently had conjured such things up to their own imaginations, out of the shifting lights and shadows created within and without the building by natural causes. Excitement of that kind is highly contagious; it seizes on people whether they will or not, and spreads almost instantaneously. Some little gusts of this kind arose, as I have said, but they subsided almost as quickly; a few words from either of the clergymen generally suffioed to calm the feelings of the people. Possibly if one had time to go amongst the crowd and inquire as to the reality of some of the reported cures he might meet with thoroughly satisfactory evidence of^ such occurrences. A 8tout lady, of middle age, one of the pilgrims from England, was pointed out to me as one who had been cured of a long-standing ailment nines her arrival at Knock. I went and spoke to her on the subject, and she very civilly and frankly gave me the history of her case. For four years she had been a martyr to chronicrheumatism, which stiffened all her joints, bent and distorted her hands, and rendered her almost incapable of doing anything for herself. During this time Bhe could not bend her knees, and she could walk but slowly and painfully with the aid of a stick. But since her cure at Knock her pains are almost, though not quite, gone from her; she uses no stick, and she walks well for a woman of her years and weight. He name is Mary Lewis, and her place of abode is Marston-lane, near Manchester. But cures of bodily ailments are not for all. God does not so will these things. May it not be that a better thing is done for some of those humble and faithful pilgrims P May it. not be that their spiritual wounds and bruises are healed, and their souls fitted for a place where there is neither sickness nor sorrow, and where they shall see in its fulness that glory, the faintest ray of which they would so eagerly desire to behold for a moment in this world ? At all events, we know that health is not to be gained by all who throng to any shrine, and that all truly devout Christians muBt be satisfied to submit to the will of God. The quiet little burying-ground of Knock holds the mortal remains of some of the pious pilgrims who came from afar to pray ia the Church of the Apparitions. Over one of those new-made graves stands a rude wooden slab bearing the following inscription:— " Of your charity pray for the soul of Mary Ansbro, who died 2nd June, 1880. Born at Oldham, England; aged twenty-one years." Near this are two other graves of pilgrims, in which the interments took place on last Saturday and Sunday. One of these was unmarked by any inscription when I saw it; over the other was a board, on which the following words were scraped, somewhat indistinctly:— "Martin Kenny ; died 12th August, 1880. Of Boston, America.'" Yes, of Boston, America, but previously, mayhap, of Clare or Limerick; back now from Boston to take his last rest in holy Ireland, the country of his fathers. In the little church of Knock, his fellow-travellers, men and women, came together and offered upprayersior his soul; there were Father Hogan, of St. John's Church, Trenton, New Jersey; Mr. Martin Frenoh, Mr. Hayes, and others. From the spot where the graves of Mary Ansbro and Martin Kenny are made, the gable of the church is full in view; from that spot the lights' before the statute of the Virgin dan be seen; to that spot comes the munnur of the Litanies that are chanted on the hallowed ground.' Many an Irish man and woman far away over the wide world would think it '' Pleasant to'the grave tog6,. If one were sure to be buried so." 