\- (from the !argus correspondent.) ' .< / ! — ' — f- i: ,» 5 / . ' : j " : London,' July'27. It is announced that a naval demon stration by .the fleets- of - the European powers willj.be made .... simultaneously'off Antivari and Salonica. The Afghans generally welcome Abdul Rahman as Ameer. Lord Listowel and the Earl of Zetland have resigned their appointments as Lords- in-waiting to the Queen, in consequence of their disagreeing with" the Irish- Bill adopted by the Government. A Royal commission, with the Earl of Derby as president, has been appointed to enquire into the management of the city companies. The Jockey Club have, decided, after investigation, that the Duke of West minster's Bend Or, the winner of the Derby of 18S0, was not changed with Tad- caster as alleged,, and has overruled the objection .raised. ! Much excitement lias 1 been caused at Wimbledon by charges of collusion between the markers aud those engaged in firing in .the., matches. An official ...enquiry, has been instituted. Ax Indication. — Before the Opposition had carried their , address in reply to .the Governor's speech, several members on both sides, in anticipation of the , impend ing change of Ministry, "began" to " select fresh seats in the Chamber. Up to the time of the adjournment of the House the following new positions had been taken in fll O liennl _ ' 1 . 1 ll 1 _ iiicuuitu, iiameiy, uy wie piacrng of members' cards on the back of the benches : — Ministerial Benches. — Back Bench, Eirst Row — Messrs Barr, Quick, Mirams, Davies, A. Young. Second Row —Messrs M'Coll, Macgregor, Bell, Mason. First Row, Ministerial Corner — Messrs L. L. Smith, Bowman, Toohey, Fincham, Cook, Story, Williams, Graves. Second Row, Ministerial Corner — Messrs Vale, James, Sir J. O'Shanassy, Messrs Bolton, Pearson, Deakin and Dow. Third Row, Ministerial Corner — Messrs Richardson, Gardiner, Laurens and Nimmo. Oppo sition Side. — Second Row — Mr Fraser. Third Row — Messrs Langdon, Harris, M'Lean and Madden. First Row, Oppo sition Corner — Messrs Shiels, Cameron, Brophy, Carter and Burrowes. Second Row, Opposition Corner. — Messrs Cooper, Wheeler and C. Young. Of co.urse, this list comprises only a small fraction of the members of the House, but it seems to indicate (remarks the " Argus"), that the nucleus of another Corner party, which will harass the next Ministry, will very soon show itself. West Bourke. — We are informed that the first vacancv that occurs in West Bonrke, Mr Robert Harper, the late member, will offer his services to the electors. Mr Harper has been before the constituency four times within eighteen months, the first one being when there was an insufficient supply of ballot papers at the Newham polling-booth, which, no doubt, led to his defeat on that occasion, as he was only ousted by eighteen votes. We hope that the next time he contests the .constituency, success will crown his endeavors, as the House can ill afford to loose such member. Police. — Constable Robert McHugh on Tuesday afternoon left Beechworth for Sandhurst, to which station he has been transferred. Beechworth Free Public Library and Burke Museum.— The annual meet ing of the subscribers to this valuable institution will be held in the reading- room this (Thursday) evening, for the purpose of receiving the annual report of the committee of management and balance- sheet. A number of last year's periodi cals will be sold by auction prior to the other business being proceeded with. The committee having decided to celebrate the twenty- fourth anniversary of the institution by an art exhibition, invite the attendance of ladies especially at the meet ing, also that of all members of the insti tution and the general public. We there fore trust to see a large number of persons present assemble on the oc casion, and thereby show that they take an interest in .an institution which we may without prejudice claim as one of the best managed and complete of the kind in the colonies. Auditor.— Messrs C. G. Thompson and A. M. Morrison elsewhere intimate that they are candidates for the office of auditor, of the accounts of the Beech worth United Shire. Professor Pepper at Rutherglen. — This gentleman gave' one of his scientific and pictorial entertainments at the Town Hall, Rutherglen, on Saturday evening, to a large and appreciative audience. The lecturer treated on vibratory motion, and made sevepal experiments in optical de lusions. The dissolving views with the magic lantern were really splendid, and the amusing illusion called the dancing skeleton .caused much merriment. The series of views illustrating torpedo warfare was highly amusing and interesting. Yackandandah County Court. This court -will be held on Saturday, 21st August; Ordinary summonses will he issued up till Monday next, the" 2nd August. .Last day for serving, August 5th ; filing, ,10th August ; filing defence, 13th August ; payment into court, 13th- August. A Court of Mine's will be held on the same day./ v > v .' - ' V"' - - v- New Magistrate.— Mr 'John Patrick Whitty, of Boosey, has been appointed a j ustice ol.the peace . within the ...Nor them bailiwick. . ... v. Parliamentary.— In .'.our issue of.to-daji will be found a report of the proceedings in 'the Legislative Assembly ' on Tuesday. The news was first made known- in Bpecfi- worth by the issuingvqf-two lengthy .extra-"' ordinaries, which were published by us on Wednesday morning. Mr W. L. Zinckejs splendid speech was the'-principal tipicof conversation ; and there i3 no doubt that that gentleman has made liis-mark in/.-the political world. The Ovens.electorate'has cause, for congratulatibh'that" Its' -junior member has at so-ediiy astage distinguished himself. More Light RuiRBD.—We have been requested to draw the attention of the lamplighter for! ifee' tow-n.: pf Beechworth to the fact-that the light from sdme of the street-lamps— more particularly the one at the Church of England corner— has of late .bee"! anything; but what it should fbe, owing 4'b T'his1"' not ' turning thjViisks sufficiently' lughthe result being .that mi dark night's instead of "a bright light, in it a feeble glimmer is emitted, which is n» x ' to worthless. We trust that die " d - ponser of light will take the hint, a d henceforward, to the best of his alu'iiy i assist in dispelling the gloom. v Vv. CRICKET. — A feat, probably without parallel in the history of cricket (says the "Home News") was performed by Spof- forth, the Australian bowler, in a match against eighteen of Burnley, including five local professionals. The Australians had made 148 in their first innings ; the Burnley eighteen were disposed of in their first innings for forty-three runs. Spofforth, in this innings, bowled fourteen overs, of which eleven were maidens. In three overs - that is the eighteen balls - ten were made off his bowling, but at a cost of twelve wickets. The "Demon" has never done anything like this hitherto, and there is no similar record in English chronicles of the king of sports. Beechworth Police Court;— OnTues- day, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., Con stable Alexander proceeded against Ah Ping, claimant, and-Alex. Robinson to decide ownership of certain goods seized' under, a warrant of distress, upon an order made for the payment of £14 12s 10d, in the case of Robinson v Foo Key'.r-.Mr G- - W ; Crooke, as representative for Mr : Zincke, asked for.an adjournment until Thursday. Mr Brown, for the execution '.creditor, offered no objection, providing costs were allowed'. The Bench granted an adjourn ment .till Thursday, . allowing 30s costs. Jas. Brown summoned J. J. Brown," for assault. MrF. Brown, for defendant, asked for an' adjournment until Thursday, to see if the parties would come to some arrangement; as It was a family quarrel. Granted accordingly. Police v' M. A. Heuss : Fqr.selling intoxicating liquors to James McDonald, on Sunday, the 25th iustant : he not being a lodger or a bona tide traveller, v- ln the absence of the principal witness, tliecase was postponed till Thursday. John Clements, v Thomas Edtnanspn .: Fraud' 'summons for £4 6s lOd. The defendant admitted the debt, but 1 stated he had been out of employment for lifteeu weeks, and asked for time. The Bench adjourned the case till the 31st August. The court then adjourned. ... Ovens District Hospital.— The usual fortnightly meeting of the committee of management was held on Tuesday evening. Present— The President (Mr E. S. Harris) anrl Moecre Tinrl/1 Wn vrun "KSrldfie. Cunningham, Hyem and Daniell. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The house and patients committees' reports were received and adopted, on the motion of Mr Dodd, seconded by Mr Feely. Seventy-three inmates were reported as being in the in stitution, and relief had been given to 115 out-patients. It was also reported that the contractor had finished the altera tions tendered for at the institution. This being the last meeting of the committee for the financial years of 1879 and 1880,. the financial statement, the resident surgeon's and the dispenser's reports, to be submitted at the annual meeting, were read. The only "objection raised was that by Mr Hyem, who thought the item of £234 17s 3d, for medical comforts, was exorbitant. The President informed Mr Hyem that he could mention the subject at the annual meeting of .the governors. The meeting then adjourned. Equine. — On Monday last Mr James Fecly, of the Black Springs, near Beech, worth, sustained a loss through the death of his valuable brood draught mare Mag, which sained two arizes at the shown hold under.the auspices of the Beechworth and North-Eastern Agricultural and Horticul tural Association. The cause of death was inflammation of the lungs. Mr Feely valued the animal — a daughter of Model — at £50. But five weeks previous he also lost a horse worth £20, under similar circumstances. Tenders. — The following tenders for works have been accepted by the: Public, Works Committee , of the Beechworth United Shire Council :— Kerbirig and channelling, Camp-street — W. Trevaskis and Sons, £74 10s ; grubbing and'clear- ing,- Three Mile— W. Fisher, £55 ; cul vert at Wooragee— Daniel Kennedy ,_ £31 ; gravel and forkings, John-street— Jas. Braslin, £17. Information Required. — A gentleman at present on a visit ro Beechworth has written to ils, requesting that we, or some of our readers, should publicly inform him " where in this neighborhood a variety of ferns and mosses is to be obtained." The various gullies and hillsides around the town abound in .ferns and mosses of numerous and beautiful varieties ; and we may assure the gentleman seeking the information in question that any rambles that he may take in "such localities will not be fruitless. . However, we trust that some of our readers who are well acquainted with the neighborhood will, for the infor mation of .visitors, indicate through the medium of our columns any particular places wlierq choice specimens of Alices may be procured. A Faithless One.— Quite a sensation was created'iii Benalla for a short time en Saturday afternoon (says the " Ensign") by the appearance of two vehicles coming up Bridge-street at a rapid pace— the first being a. cab with a female passenger inside,, and the second a tilted spring-cart occupied by a Chinaman, who was evidently much excited. From what we learn, it appears that Tommy Huey; a Chinese gardener, has been in the habit of keeping until recently a number of;1 immorid women j at his residence j but . lately he has been content witli one, whewas com monly known as "Maggy/' and who ap pears to have become tired of the company of her lord and master. Being away on his usual hawking business, Tommy was anr.-| prised to see'a cab conveying his household companion and a ; large quantity of lug gage in the direction of the railway- station. He immediately thought something was wrong, and went in pursuit, , the. two vehicles,' as" abo've stated;- passing through the streets .at a furious pace. At last, however, the> superior pace aiicl stamina of Tommy's horse brought him to the front of the : cab, "aiid lie pitifully tried to induce Maggy. rtoV. return home,- but -he did. not. succeed until the police appeared on the scene.- They - were then, driven, back to the pplicsDamp, where a search was made in "the runaway's luggage, hut "nothing valuable belongings to Tommy was found in her possession, -and he declined to pro- &cciite;\when!she/waslet go; )By£ the six o'clock train she left for Melbourne, not withstanding; the appeals' 'to iiujuce . ' lier to stay ; wjtlr him;"ah'd. liye Happily! " British and Foreign Bible Society — Mcetings'tfinvaidvof this 'society were held;dast aveek "as,, underOn- Wednesday evening,... July,. 21s, t, "at 'Yackandandah the Rev. ' J. G-- Leslie in the 'chair. The' attendafi6& £ was - not:mumerous. tu Good addresses . hir support- of the 'society were given bv the Revs.- W. Brown (Beech worth),- . t Con ( Rutherglen), ., and.-, Mr\D. Fletcher. A collection was taken up, and collecting-books left.- On Thursday, July 22nd, sit Everton (Mr Hugh Jeffray acting as chairman) .a really good meeting was held. ;The:attendance wasvery satisfactoiy. The Rev. Canon Howard and Mr B. Daw- born made effective speeches on the subject of the society's great work. A liberal col lection; was taken up, and Miss Rickards, Miss' Atkinson and Mr James Richards were' appjointcd;iCollectors, isIV- Another Candid ate. —Mr J. Simpson, of Stanley, elsewhere intimates that he" is a candidate foi a seat in the Beechworth L mted Shire Council, for the representa tion of the Slnie ltnlintr ; and sohei's she 'support of the ratepayers. Sir JoRn O'.ShasSy.— It ma' be in the recollection ojmany-'Vthat - the late pifeer '6f the Hoiise ;of Alssehibly, Sir 0. I". $nffjr, and Sir John O'Shanassy have liot.heen on speakiiig terms for some years. It was wormwood and gall for hini"4o . see his son Minister of Lands, occupying the position his father did many years ago ; hence the burly knight's fancied grievance. It is not the Catholic claims he seeks to advocate! Personal spite is the cause of his obstructiveness ; and if the Catholic members of the community will carefully peruse Sir John O'Shanassy's career, they will at once see that he is not the man to pilot their boat to a safe liaven.. The antecedents of the member for Belfast are well worth reading— to wit, his retirement from the Upper House to contesc-the seat for Kilmore, when a man imkiiowri' in political circles ignominiously,. defeated him.- But what are the circumstances that led to the defeat of Mr (now Sir John) O'Shanassy, might be asked ? It was simply this : Because Sir John, when he took up the Moira run, in New, South Wales, refused selectors — his own countrymen— LU cLilU VY rabbit? bU UiUXA UU VAU" vernment tanks and dams ; and, more over, his prosecution of Mr Joachim was quite sufficient to show his character in its true and legitimate light. Sir -Charles G. Dtifiy might have.hadhis faults ; but, atany rate, he called a spade, a spade, and went to Work in a straightforward manner ; but Sir John is one of those political trimmers who. "run with 4lie hare and hunt with the hounds" ; and so long as he retains a seat in the House, he will not only injure his own par ,y, ?but" will use Ms utmost endeavors to prevent useful legislation from being carried -on. «' If-f the Catholic party cannot put forward a better cham pion' than Sir John O'Shanassy; their case is hopeless ; as he does not possess the confidence of. either the Liberals or the Conservatives, " and his sole purpose for agitation is self-aggrandisement. Who is Mr Wrixon 1 — There has been a great outcry during the last few weeks about Mr Wrixon, the present member for Portland. The question naturally arises: Who is Mr Wrixon, and what awa Lie nn-t'onaAilTife 9 H a ic «i enn svC 11 dlLC 1UO «UUWU\/«V11.UU -AAV/ M w OVIl \JL bUtt late Judge Wrixon, and a member of the bar. Between the 9fch of April, 1870, and the 19th of June, 1871, he acted as Solicitor-General to the McCulloch Minis- try, and after that he dwindled . down to political obscurity. Previous to the general election in 1877, ho represented the Bel fast constituency; but when the election took place, he was afraid to face his con stituents, and for three years was unable to obtain a seat in Parliament. In Feb ruary last, he successfully contested Port land, and again in July was returned for that electorate. But he has never done anything to classify' him as a statesman or an orator, although" his name has been repeatedly brought before the public during the late political crisis. As a Mel bourne contemporary observed a short time ago, he cannot speak, but he lectures ; arid as the Legislative Assembly is not composed of schoolboys, his presence in that Chamber might very well be dispensed with. On Friday evening last, he charac terised Mr Berry's speech as unconstitu tional ; and yet on the division taking place on Tuesday evening, his name is recorded as voting against the Government. Such thick and thin supporters, who have not the courage of their own opinions, aught to be relegated to private life, as tliey are only a hindrance to the advancement of the country. ; The Law Relating to Newspapers. — I. Any;person who takes a paper regularly from the post-office — whether directed to4 his name or another's, or whether he has subscribed or not— is responsible for the payment. 2. If a person orders his paper to be discontinued, he must pay all arrears, or the publisher may continue to send it until payment is made, and collect the whole amount, whether the paper is taken from the office or not. 3. The courts have decided that refusing to take newspapers and periodicals from the post- office, or removing; and leaving them uncalled for, is prima facie evidence of intentional fraud. . The " Age" Parliamentarily Repre sented.— The " Qolac Herald," a journal of the pronounced Liberal type, says Messrs Dow, Deakin, O'Hea, Quick, and Fisher," five members of the new Assembly, are all, it is understood, either directly connected with the " Age" staff, or regular contributors to, and political writers for, that journal. The leading Liberal orgaa, must, therefore, have a powerful influence in public affairs in this colony, and is thus, we believe, perhaps more fully and effec tually represented in Parliament than any other paper, either in the mother country or the colonies. It remains to be seen whether this will be an advantage to the country or a nuisance. Mr David Syme, through his ambition to " become a power in the land," and his attempts to "boss the Government," is responsible for a wood deal of the ratting, political immorality,' and confusion that have played the mis chief with' the country for some time past. It is to be hoped he will now be satisfied with his five Parliamentary staff represen tatives, without ' trying - to " boss" the Government with the " Age" any more.® For once, we agree, with Mr. Murray Smith that " a despotism' of the press would be as bad as a despotism of the Legislature." ; Taking it Literally.— A correspond ent of the " Ballarnt Star" writes " We all know that the bleeding locks of Bauquo's ghost had a very peculiar and depressing effect on Macbeth when he ex claimed, ' Why shake thy gory locks at me? 'twas not I, whq did the deed.' But to descend froni" tragedy to comedy, tiie following scene, on which I will stake my veracity, occurred at a. friendly society's ball at Happyr VaUey a few) nights ago, and has been the occasion of much mirth in the neighborhood ; and since Alexan der Pope immortalised Berlinda's locks and the tragic result arising therefrom, I see no reason why'aii .incident in which one person at least ' played an important part, and evinced" a, keen desire to protect a numerous 'asse'mblage 'of people from an outbreakof measles, should not- be narrated. At the ball in question there was an unsophisticated young man inexperienced in tIie .iuysterie3-of-female head -gear, aad- af ter, a lively galop he found himself sitting beside' a young lady,!, when the following colloquy took ,paee;:— ' Youth — Are you not.afraid, of -being ..cut,?'- 'Not at nil/-. eci&qupg;'iady '-But,, then you' know it is dangerous !!: , ' Not in the least. ' /You might get cold; ' 'I am well wrapped up.' 'But-'you don't appear to be very strong yet;' : ' Never -better in my life.' ' I would not .think so.' ' How is that.! ; 1 : 5 The' -proper place for all" person like you is in bed. ' What do you mean/ sir '?' 'Why, you might infect the whole of the people here.' ' How is that V ' Jt is. infectious ; the doctors say so, '; Wh%fc is? The measles, of course.' ' Bqt you don't mean to say that I have""'theni V ' It looks like as if you had them, and are only recovering, or why . get the.. Jiair of your head u« ' TiiW" 'youug lady - <3$ok$ otit into a loud titter, left the side of the unsophisticated -young man, and during the evening there was much hilarity over the event. ;The"-fkirone hair had been- cut short and cniiiped/I think they call it, whilst a few straight locks' '"decked her forehead ; and the youth thinking that s.iu Had i euo vei ed from a lit of the measles, l.iboied tinder the impression that she was iui« iiutcsMTaxed to wear a wig. Hence the ludicrous scene.'' 