ITEMS OP NEWS. The tenth. Parliament of Victoria was opened yesterday by commission. The members were sworn in and took their seats, and although the position they ocdupy in the House does not bind their votes, yet an approximate estimate may thereby be formed of the streugth of the two great opposing parties, xnere were on tne Ministerial side of the House 47 members, and on the Opposition side 38;: which with one ab sentee (Mr Mason) comprises the whole Assembly. Previous' to the election of Speaker, Mr Gaunson'- raised a point as to whether the new 'Ministry had a right to vote on. the matter, his opinion apparently being that until a presiding .officer had been appointed the members of the Ministry" could not be sworn. in, and consequently had no right to be there." , The point fell through, and" Sir Charles MacMahon was pryposed as Speaker from the .Government side, and Mr Lalor as the Opposition candidate. A division was taken , on the Ministerial nomination,' which resulted in the election: of their nominee' by a majority of 5, the numbers beitig— For Sir Charles MacMahon, 44 ; for Mr Lalor, 39. The House immediately after the election adjourned, to meet again to-day, when the formal opening by His Excellency the Governor takes place. At the Police Court yesterday a drunkard was cautioned and discharged. . '- Mr A. H. Halford was last night elected ser geant of .the Castlemaine. troop of Prince of Wales Liht Horse by a large majority. . The miner Knuckey, who was 'so serioualy in- jured on. Mbnday at Maldon, eirod at tho Hospital" there"" " yesterday morning at seven o'clock. _ The pro.mptera_.pf ._ tlie_ United Ajax .Gpld Mining I Company jueet tiiis- afternoon to -elect directois,.Afp6iht::A"legal"mAnage and ?. arrange, about registering the'fcompany. : The Court of Assize will bei -ojiened tojday at half pas|t tCno'clock by His Honoui' Judge-Barry,: when Cornolius.O'Connoli Maher will be put' on his trial for ar'sonr f , The Gas Company, being determined to make an example of tne, person who' broke the glasses of the streoftlamijiniBerkeley-sti'eet on .-Sunday evening! last,hpyo offered a reward of L2 for such information gia:will-"lbAd to hHcouviclioii; : : On iilquiry-at the-Hpspital last night we were: informp'd Jthat-Niriiplson, wlio was bo soriousli'. injuredUHrbugh :falingph_ an axe.in-ft dray the other day,. was_ somewhat, better, though the wound on the. head is still. considered somewhat dangerous. The subscription lists Which .had b'eeti opened for Victoria ' were Monday, at which Sir. J. O'Shanassy presided; The amount realised jvas reported to be L3I,674 19s. .. A narrow escape from an accident happened at the Guildford viaduct.! cA ifemale. crossing." did not perceive a special train Bwiftly following her, but the -cries of some- who -saw her ' position, alarmed her, , and, her confusion nearly proved; fatal, but rallying', slie .put, on "full "steam, and threw herself. on the .grassy, embankment across-; the river, as'tho train brushed past.1- ' The. Lbrd; Bishop of Melbourne' has apparently soon recovered from the aovere cold'. Whioh he'got: when:expo'se'd"to "the inhospitable woathor that ho experienced 'during his lravels;'fbr'he is agaiu; driving about the circuit 'with' his wonted iudo-: hiitable energy. Thus we notice tthat "lie : 'will- hold special services and-delivor discourses at? Guildford on Thursday afternoon; 'at: Newstead. and Muckleford on /Friday, and-at-Ca'stlemaioe; Oh Sunday. ; .r - ; v r:. M j: ; ( ; Plbu'ghmeu on new and on Btony. grdund some-: 'times meet with rather ' tfgly accidents; such as: bjCing thrown head over heels, or; having' their: 'ribs"' iake'd' by the" handle of : "the ;-,plb.ugh. : Aj be'yebe apbiden t happened to a man at Oainpbell's 1 .C/reok,; through'' ith'e 'share xatbhing ' a stone. He j jiyasj 'knocked . iiison'sibleiTor ' a " tirn'o,-' and on .'re'cpyerihg.it'was.foqnd thb handle of. the plough vllad.cut .the flesli clean across liis ribs. ."! In case of accident the blow is always on. the left side, ! aud in exactly the same place, , ; : :. :rA': meeting; of , the Gueeii's/ Birthday i Sports bminittee was held at the- Town Hall last night, At' which / there Were' between 3D ,and.4U geiitle- ; ' moil 'prbsent ; Mr' Mitchell prosided.1 ' Several! 'gbutlbineh::rep6'ried''apbn'the contributions, they ' were 'promised,1 "and these . 'iv, ere SO . satisfactory: that, there is every prospect of the sports, bring-; .ing in alarge amoqiit'to the local. charities. .The! .tipkpts t.are. said to bo going off well, so that : a i .large.asembly. njay- be .fully expected,/ It was decidedt that t lie: proceasion start from tile Town; -Hali;>iat'10 Ami", on the morning. of the 24th.. '"Gn'Monday evening the Campbell's Creek Wejileyan 'Ohtirol) i.hpld it® -annual gathering, i 1 wked the' social clip" wak fevidentl' onj'oyed by the numerous , friends preagnt. The tables were Ipnj'ply prpyidedbytql.ijfiiea pf the congregation, > (.Afterwards a public/ meeting was' presided over by Sir J. "VVaterwortli, "wlio was supported by the i Revs:.,A. Rigg and J; Moy Ling, and by Messrs : .S. -Bennett and R. Woods. . The principal theme was the reduction of the debt, for which two; pla'n's were proposed — a subscription list uud the i "method" adopted7nt MuckloTord "church. ""The choir sung in 'a- voVy' creditable manner during ; .the nVeniug. :/::- /A'-'" i A correspondent writing of the ghost seen by Archdeacon1 Innes ofJHamilto'n "just /previous to : his destJl, aya the apparition is eaay pf solution. ; The.pyor lay reader, who was notso-learppd as! .'the Arehd. bacon, but better/.'eduCated'' than the j clisciple3,of our Saviour, ivasdaken ill,' and as .some thiuk,: . with a great' want of. humanity, bundled off to the local Hospital, where he died. I -The act bf sending the popular but old and kind ! hearted man to n charity was the occasion of a! 'good deal bf adverse criticism and outspoken: opinion; a portion of which must have reached the ears of the Archdeacon, whose mind was dwelling on the circumstance at the time, and being ill and his mind excited, phantasms, ab'imi- was produced, an'din the Bombre twilight tji'e folds of drapery or curves of a cuTt'aiirwere sufficient for the phantom, while lihb words: uttered were but' tho ocho of his own thoughts. lo';doubt the Archdeacon blamed himself in the matter, and this is shown by tho words, which were of a reflective and threatening character ; as much as to say, " I passed away without any concern .on your part, and now your- time has bome to go. The seeing of ghosts or phantouiB is as trua.aa seeing the zodiacal light, "the aurora, p.jrainbbiy,' .and. us long as there is an atmos- jpHere .upder certain conditions figures and shadows will appear whether aeon or not. Tho 'data /tbat Jed' to the discovery and artificial manufacture of ghosts were - that- , they - ap peared only in the dark, end were always white. And the presentiment of death, which is rccoivod | with superstitious awe, is nothing but a well known disease, aura epiloptioa. It is plain that the man to be executed, the one drowning, or mutilated by accident, has tho presontimont to a certainty, and when disease has uudermined tho vital powors, what more natural than that a per- | son should feel and know that his timo had come. Intuition is individual, and i3 arrived at by as clear a process, as that of analogy or induction. : The following is the return of traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending 6th ! May, 1880 : — No. of passengers, 116,907 ; corresponding date in 1879, 98,022 ; passen- 1 gers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, £10,236 10s 7d ; merchandise, minerals and cattle, £11,626 9s lid ; total for the week, £21,762 0s 6d. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £1,101,336 14s Od. Weekly average 44 weeks, £25,030 7s 7d. During the gale at Bathurst on Saturday, while the mid-day performance was proceeding at the circus, the tent was blown down, but none of the audience were injured. At the Sandhurst police court on Monday morning, a contractor named Bernard Ward was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, as he was unable to pay a fine of L25 in a conviction for selling liquor without a license. :: Soon after the Orient' left Plymouth G. A; Hill shot himself, and another first-class passen ger named Travers jumped overboard near St. Vincent, and was drowned. A third-class pas senger named Scott is missing, and it is believed that he also jumped overboard. : : ' The Albion Hotel, Happy : Valley, near Smythesdale, was burned to the ground on Sun day niglit, about midnight, "The fire originated through a kerosene lamp upsetting. " From par ticulars to hand, it is believed that "the hotel was insured/in the Australian Ailtance Oo. for L300. The services of Mr Riolmrd Hain. inspectorqf .mines' and explosives at Ballarat; have (been dis pensed with. The'ie are two'iiiispebtpr of long , standing-at Sandhurst, aiid. it- ' has Lbbu found ; that one of them cau perform Mr: Haiti's duties, :an- arrangement by'.which a saying to the revenue will be effected. \ jl Captain Malono,' of the brig Wavorley, which arrived at Sydney on Monday, reports that when offjCage Howe at noon ori Fnday last,! Mr Co- Veuey,' the chief officer, 'jumped. overboard , and was drowned. He sank immediately;' '( jNo efi'ort could bo made to save him oiyiug. to the strong breeze blowing, and tho rate at/which t)iB vessel was sailing. He had been drinking heayily. ' Tho: health officer visited the quarantine sta tion at Queonscliff on Monday, . and-.fouud that another of the patients who: had :beeiii brought ashbre'from the barque Twee Vrieuden|had died during the night. : :Ho has , very. littlej. hope of two others;/ The. other, four in the/hoSpital lie thinks" may "recover, as. they are beglnning to take food. The barque had a crew origiually of 28 in number. " Dr.- Campbell, dUliiig a lecture at lhSTraining Cdllegejiat Adelaide on Monday, drejv |attentiou to a atatbhient made by .Volunteer 'officers that the pliybique of the youth of . Sputh/jAustrulia was not equal to that of young men reared in Englftfl'd.' ;;He explaiiied the oiroums'tances which would. tend to produco that effect, and iii the case ; ofiyouiig women advocated.the.necessiiy of the ; adoption ;of some syateni of, /gymnastics, based on sound 'pliysiolbgisal principles, ckpable ofj supplying the! place of sports iindulgejd in by young men. , ' , . ..The stone-breakers at Stony 'Creek (have be come so menacing in their attitude:' toWards the .Goverhnient:payrclerks" /'that it has been found necessary to furnish' them withTa! body-guard of jpolice./, ,On.Saturday..tho.,payrclerk...xvas accom panied by. several policemen, .and it-is fortunate that the precaution was taken,. 03 pieces of blue- stoiie were hurled at the pay-office, and there is no doubt:but that for the presence of the police :uo"fbomi""<Jono to bho oliioora 61 ' the Pubirc/Workk department..».i-'':.-/!\ ... . Early on the morning ' of : the !20th ult. an elderly' "mail named; Alexander Robinson was walking; alongjFlin jjers-street, whenvhe observed, lying On ' the footphth, a dark:' object, which be 'incautiously' "picked up. Almo'st at the same .moment it exploded, and a. bullet or-some- other projectile' passed.. ithrough liis. hand,,?, inflicting serioiis'ihjuriesi/'He was admitted TO-tlio Mel bourne Hospital, Whero he has since remained, and ivas progressing favhnrably. until) Monday, when tetanus set,, in, and,. it. is now feared tilat fatal Result's: will : fiuperyfene. 'The',\matter! has been, in the hmi'ds of thp. pplTce,;but:ho' trace, has beeh found eiuier of (th'e)Yeapqn"-1tself or.efj'ahy oiie connected with it. . ... . / ,. : . A mail was (chraVged; at the 'Gawler 'Pqlice Court on Friday, 2nd April)V with hiiving'iii'h'is i possession, and- trying te'pass an, unsigned and undated L'5 biinl-fidte, supposed tb be spurious. The ease .Was dismis'sed- because hdgiiilty "Unow- ledgo could be proved againat the defendant. Mr E. S.' Burkitt," J.-p.j 'manager of 'th'e!lBanl£ of Adelaide, Gawler, /took" possession of the note, with a view;of getting it, oashed-for the man, and sent it tothe Colonial Bank Of 'Australasia, Mel bourne, for that - purpose. : The ; manager! there has now certified vtbat the; note, is', genuine, and was most- likely -sighed when first issued, hut that, .long .usage had. kitirely obliterated the writing. ' "r ..i'-: A-.l . A Fijian paper relates i the foHowihg "iv-The right hand has not lost its cuhniUg, to old Cako- bau yot.." A few, days ago he walked-inlo a well- known hostelry on Levuka beach tb get a-drink, and; while standing at the bar, a, white man, said to be rather the ' worse ' for liqiiorj'ca'me up and began bothering the old man in-the way that semi-drunken men do, and would "hot let him alone.. -Old Cakobau, without more ado, ! caught the white man a swinging backhander on j the moutji, which knocked him over j arid then the;old king stood quite still; and didn't' speak. a word till the prostrate votary of Bacchus had got up arid walked away, which he did without a murmur, even- of delight, at the honoutfof h'aving been'srnittari'by.the ex'-Mng of! the ..Cannibal Is lands. )."/ // A" fatal .accident occurred at Stawelljori: Mon day, .to; a ; lad, 16 years of age,- named Michael Hayes.,; He- was engaged carting stone from M' Williams and Harty's Tribute, on the Big-bill, at the time. The men are working in a 'tunnel, aud into this the lad backed his horse and dray till the face of the workings was reached. - Here : he commenced to load, and had about 3c'wt on the dray, when a large piece of rock came away from the roof, and fell directly upon him, crush ing him terribly and causing instantaneous death. The piece measured 3ft. by 2ft. The 1 accident was seen almost as soon as it occurred, and the body was extricated in a few minutes, but life was extinct. This: is the third death which has occurred at these works of late.- The tributers who were working near escaped with out a touch, and the home and dray were unin jured. ' " , "Rumours were current some time since," says the Gooktown Courier, " that the oistence' of a white woman among the blacks was woll- I known, and as the account is substantiated by the natives themselves, there can no longer be ! any doubt upon the subject. The blacks from whom this information was obtained ' were camped about sixty miles : north of Where" the wreck reported in pur last issue was observed by Mr Jack. No doubt the captors revel in the contemplation of . tho impractioability of their white slavo being rescuod, as so long a time has elapsed without any attempt being made at re covery. Wo certainly cannot permit this subject to drop without lodging a protest against the in- i humanity of permitting Buch a -report as the captivity of a woman amongst brutal savagos,! without making some effort to solve tho mysfory! and determine the truth, or falsity of the re-' poated rumours. A party of troopers should bo despatched to scour the country, -and - wipe eut' the.disgraoe under whioh we are at present1 suf-r foring." During last year there wore: in South Australia 440 post-offices, nnd 683 employees. The num ber of miles travelled by the mails was 1,907,063. The letters and packets numbered 10,688,414, and newspapers 4,141,676." The ihcome amounted to L53.174. . William Wheelhouse was found guilty at Do- niliquin on Monday, by a coroner's jury of the wilful murder of Andrew Miles, at Yathong, near Jerilderie, on the 28th ult. Tho coroner, Mr Noyes, committed Wheelhouse to _ the next assizes on the jurors' finding. The prisoner, who is about 17 years of age, after exchanging a horse for a watch, attempted to steal the horse, when being prevented by Miles, he shot him, and threatened to shoot his wife also. Miles died in the hospital on Monday from the result of the injury then inflicted. Tho' prisoner reserved his defouce, . . : : ; - - ,- The suspicious case of drowning at Brighton, was the subject of an inquest by Mr Oandler on Monday, at the Council Hotel Brighton, when it ; appeared' from- the. evidence of the sister and. - nephew of the. deceased that the two sisters had been-living together at 16 Johnson Street, Fitz- roy, and that the deceased Mary Taylor, who , was 45 years of age, had been since the death of her mother, soirie six mouths back, in a very de/ sponding state of mind. They had supported themselves by. needlework until a short time. ago when a brother-in-law sent fof them to join him in Honolulu/ At first the deceased se.emed pleased at the idea of the voyage, but latterly bad appeared to dread1 It. On Thursday. last her sister left deceased. at home, to go to Melbourne about half-past 3.2, .On her, return about ,t\yo hours afterwards, deceased; ivas gone; and the , sister did not see ,her again until; slie saw her lying dead tliat morning. Nothing about the deceased's manner 'showed'ariy sign- -of !ari iriten-/ tion to commit suicide, and she had not any black eye on Thursday morniug, , ;Dr ; ,OJHar$ stated the cause of death to be asphyxia from drowning. The black eye spoken of was caused' before death. It might have been caused, by Btriking against something either when falling or, struggling in the- water. "The jury returned- a verdict of found drowned./1'' - " ! i f : Mr Charles Gambetta, the mining manager of ! the Great Southern Company, was proceeded, lagainst oil Monday at the Sandhurst Police Court on the charge of having stored on the mirie' of the company liamed a quantity of powder, and neglected to keep such powder in a chamber, secured by a drive:— thu contravening one of the provisions of' the "Mining Statute. TKe ' oase; arose out of an accident which recently occurred i at the mine, by which, a .young marinarried Baird' losthisli/e. It may be remembered that lie went, to the place 'tjdiero the powder, -was .stored for Uhb! purpose , of 'filling his pari,-wheri ihis oandleilYhioh' he.had planted against "the wall," ! adhering only !by a piece of clay", fell into- the ' powder keg, tliei explosion/ causing r severe/ iri'i, juries-to'Baird: whioh '.he did: not/long'jBurviv.e.4' In regardto the case it wa3 shown that, the com - pany."hadVa"perjmanent'. magazine" .undergroiind which .was' properly conatruoted. b'ut.'fpr' the sake of O'bfiv'eiiieriCB'.t'hey also' stored poivder insoirie old workings,,. ..But in, ,any; case 5 the .defendant could not liav.e avoided the accident, which was wholly due to-Baird's. gross carelessness/in plac ing a lighted candle! immediately over . the pow der keg. Mr Strickland- who appeared for the prosecution; admitted, albthis; and -said/.therde- partmentenly'desired -that ;thej law should be vindicated. ' so 1 far' as it concerned f the storage of 'powder; "The defendant'- was'fined LI and L2 'costs!;/ 1.:';;T;':;''' !y/'; !';u!' ;;!/' , ' A oorreapondeiU who rig'ris;biniself: ,<,I (3ueeria- ' lander " sends, the, Argus ,,the (following account of/.the: every, day. work of, the Btoiiebreakers " As I. was .unablo to credit: the 1 statement- ;of. a certain delegate from- the Working Men's Union; that-the.'men!eriiployed at- Stony Greek were < in' ;mariy caaeS earningAp more than Is per day, and iri'ho 'cise 'moVe than r5s;" I determiried to rrin' up "to'th'o'sberieiof ''operations 'and see1 for', 'myself; -33domr«-bhc-nnn.r«ot-oU»tivs«-VobHw,l|liii:riob'5fc-Tiitl- With' tliat arid the ex-Commis'siorier of ' Railways' 'house1 excepted it is near' to .uptjuug else.", I pould iibt holp reniarking how riolr the' station (Was tb the house. — it might have,beeri built! ori ;purppse,,it is so .handy.., . Edojn is. . like ..David Fagg, " of.no account.". ! I .found..80ine ;2Q0 or 300 men. at work, . some /oil stone/at:; 2s, 6d<per !yardi-' others on tliat for which Is lid is- 1 paid. 'The former is1 taken as it comes;' the Hatter- has' the honey-combed BtonP thrown! oU't';v; "-The old 'hands jseeto; to. prefer ' that ; at 2s;1' Cd,s "arid : sotne hien are In no/.case is .a uiari'earhing as lp'w.at'ls per day. e;Mqa!ny.lx;me,ts'.#<V.but.tKey ,dq JaM'woEbnM houM pjer day tliey'are! 'easy to pick/put,' ftnd. if ypu wat.ch|,hem'fpr . ;i0'or ininutes you will riotice them/dVpp ./tlie jhriimgr andilook.aronndifor/spme pne tb,>v.hbin.they: .caii yarn, - If, a"1 man. sticks /to ihia« ivork/f airly, and honestly he'ean make 183 or.20s :,the first' week (if1 a,'inovice);i and/in/a 'week ;or.-two: his i.wage sheet' will-Tbok muclbhealthier/ ' The'haiumer. ia rough on' the hands for ' a ' week, but- after -'that tirne'for '''seaSbnirig' (the'- Work'hs mu'cli 'ligliter; T h'eJ ijBlJ tibal :s qri/e'-broaTcer js";'4 not1 /mubh chop;' touse..ioiU'jVlie'tM'bMtqr.'jai .dep'uthtitig, and . wherihe works lie jjjaUfa 'His / labour dilu tea.' Tho, jepartmerit has bebrij hiost cbrisiderate in proy iding, f or/the pay merit .of 1 ihe 'men \ papn day during the first" week or riiore, and measuring d0wii toihalf,a,yard. ; -Some -of the; meri.btry. ;to get paid for .-h- little more than:measuremeiit,.and then 'clear- soutiii ;I: hbarfof < t one ' inspector: -.at another pjabe' who'had to fork'orit's'bnie-LlOiiast niorith'to 'inAke('!iip -for ':;6vef pay merith; ;h ff saw 'riien ! who Jar e Carijing ah mu'ch'as l7s 6d 'per i day; and T saw1 norih wH6 iriake/as little'aB ls,J'or any-' th'i'ng like' iKi'":'';;'');'. t , ; .v. ;!» 