A YOUKd LADIES1 1'RdCTlCAl. JOKE AM) TIIE RESULT. (joing iho rounds at present is an in structive story, which aliou-s how aomc yuiing ladies played a practical joke on u young medical student, and soun wished that tliuy had not bit on so brilliant a notion. A number of young people wero Blaynii! in a house Ugelher, and having exhausted all tbo mure familiar jokea. they Ciiticeivud a novel idea. Tiioy would draw wiib phosphorus, on the wall of tho mien ; when he had put out his candle the tiling would glitter, lio wuuld shriek, and that would be whoro tho laughtor would cunio iu. L-uHii^ tlio evuuiug upou which tlie achciiiQ whs put intu oiocution they talked much of ghosts, aud casually observed that of course tin old legend about a skeleton in the house was absurd. It bad beon said to haunt Ilis room particulai ly, but no duubt he had iiu icur nt skoietwis - Uu protested that ho had not the least, thu ho should liku a skoletou to play with, and only hoped that if it came it would not hurry off again i but tliuao protesta liuus wi-re Hut ouniidered worth much, aud when bodliU)B«r,ii-«J and ibe ttudeoi bad retiied, tho rest t i Ilie party tollowed Ilim, and wailed auxtuu^ly at tlie iloor. Tiie light was presently put oul; Hie skeletuu began tJ pleam, aud above bis bead the s udent raw tlie leKenri written, 'Coulcas your .ins.' The AVw y.ir* 2'i.»M sbsll tell the rest of tbe story ;- ' Ho uttered a yell ot tlm molt terrible, door, deliijlltf.il deacri|ition. Then ibe foiled tint on Wednesday mulit h- bad ? itieJ Mils Mary Browu in ibe library but be urjed upou tbo gliobt, ai en expra ordinary cirmunaltiooe, the laH tuav t',o youiiK lady bad virtually icqmstrd him to do so, and that be did uol -ee hi' way clear to r. fu-e. Then lie coi.f.-Hja itiat bo liad promiaed t- marry Miii O.rrtu lirown, and tbst be Wi broken fill promi-'. b'tiil, ho claimed that hu would not have beon thus faithless had ho nut aeon her in Bfiectiunitto conversation with a yuuni{ broker »l,oin be named, and had slid not subsequently adiniltud ttiat aim had promised tu marry (llat 'addlupnteu1 youth,' us bIiu accurately described him Mbo, the student, who is undoubtedly a fesaod that hu inoaut no harm when hu kissed Mi.-e Katu iu the vcmbulo ot tlio churoh on Clirisliiius nmniiiio, and tlmt he would nover do bo again, lly this timu the young people outaido of tlm duor had flud. The throo y'un? ladius tijioso uiuiies had bi'uil iiiuiitionud in lliu iinnlical and iVrulusCt'ed lh*aIt'll'''!wr''tcUl|'kllowVl!uit bo was idling Blorira ; vhilu tlie. oilier young ladioB said they hoped that such wus tlie case, but that lie did aeeill very earnest and liucoro in what ho Baid.' The party at hroakfant licit morning was subject, and no e-ku'.otons havo since ap puareii to tbu young student. -No, 1 cau't aUy,'1 replied - gculle uiau whu wa^ invited to stay all niglit ut the liousaofo frinml ; 'before morning my wife would tw oat with a lantern, like Diogenes, bunllqg for ap honest man.' 