TURF NOTES. BY WHALEBONE. THE autumn programmes are beginning to ap pear by twos and threes, and the Warwick club rather takes the wind out of the Q.T.C. sails by choosing May 4 and 5 for its meeting. The pro- gramme ia, I atn sorry to say, IeBS attractive than we have almoßt a right to expect from a Warwick committee, whose liberality had comb to be pro verbial in turf circles ; but the heart knoweth its own bitterness, and there are doubtless good and sufficient reasons that we wot not of for the present violent economic seizure ; the contrast, however, between the present programme and thofo of late years is a marked one. In the autumu of 78 the club gave £605 to be run for ; in the spring of the same year the added money was £340, and laßt autumn the prizeß amounted to £600. This year there is a sum of £370 to bt run for, all told : £lf»s on the first day, and £215 on the second. The Sins' Produce Stakes closed with a sub scription list of five sires at 5 soys. each : — Brigadier, Kpigrani, Silver Fox, Laureate, Fire man,and Goldnl»roiigli. In Jauuiiry, 1*77, Mr. Bell uoiuiniitcd niuo luiiivH to Epigram, Mr. V. Morgan one to K|iu;r;iui, uud Mr. J. Williuuw ouwtoFire iu.iu, the other shea boiug uureproseutod, so the take does uot promise to giye us anything more interesting than the ihow of a race between a couple of the Grange two-year- olds. The Mares' Produce Stakes, however, has better prospects, having closed as under :— It is not at all unlikely that Mr. Dines may visit us with one, or both, of hia two-year-olds, and Mr. Finnic ia aura to have a cut in, if he only has the " ghost of a chance." Mr. William* 1 nomination, if in the land of the living, Bhould race, with its double strain of Kelpie blood ; and, like Mr. Finnic, Mr. Bell will try to have a say in the matter at the finish. Eugenic could race a little herself in her day, and her youngster may come to the post for aught I know ; more I can not say. At all events in the above list there are the makings of a race of some interest. In startling contrast to the parsimony of War wick stands the liberality of Blackall, whose pro gramme for June 30 and July 1 tote up to 620 soys., and this within six months of the mid summer meeting, when the metropolis of the Barcoo gave away nearly 400 soys. I have to thank Mr. J. Monahan, secretary to the Barcoo Racing Club, for a slip programme of the two days' sport. On the first day we have the Maiden Plate of 40 bovb., for horses that have never won an advertised prize at time of entrance. Penalties for winning after entrance (as to date of which the stewards should be more explicit, if they mean to reckon entrances from the time they reach the secretary, and not from the time of closing the Btake), a mile and a-half, weight for age; the Corinthian Cup (value 25 soys.), for grass-fed horses (on the Barcoo grass they are Bald to race as well as horses elsewhere on corn), welter weight for age, a mile and a-quarter; the Blackall Handicap of 100 soys., with a sweepstakes of 6 soya. to second horse, a mile and a-half; the Town Plate of 50 sovß., a mile and a-half, weight for age ; and a race for hacks, 10 soys. added money, a mile. On July Ist the following events will be run:—A Handicap Steeplechase of 50 soys., twice round (two miles and six yards, " not to put too fine a point upon it"); the Sires' Produce Stakes, a race of which, I think, no particulars have been furnhhsd to the Queentlander or to the public, except that it is a sweepstakes of 4 soys. from starters, with 5 soys. from subscribing aires and 20 boys. added by the B.R.C. (what are the subscribing sires? will our Blackall oorre. spondent tell us?); the Barcoo Racing Club Handicap of 200 iovb., with a sweepstakes of 5 save, each for second horse—winner of Blackall Handicap a penalty of 51b.—2 miles ; the Mem bers' Cup of 25 bovb. (given by Mr. B. D. More head), with 15 soys. added by the olub, a mile and three-quarters, weight for age ; and the Members' Welter Handicap of 20 soys., a mile and a-quarter. Nominations, with 2 soys. for the " century" and 3 boys. for the 200 soys. han dicaps, not later than May 11; weights, June 1 ; acceptances, with balance of entry, £3 and £.7 respectively, June 28. Sweepstakes at scale, I presume. General entries (5 per cent, on prize), June 29. Q/T.C. rules. Qualification, £2 2s. Coming " inside," but still a long way from Brisbane, we find the new Burnett District Turf Club advertising its winter meeting for June 10 and 11. The programe is a great improvement on that of previous years, the added money being 255 soys. as against 170 soys. in 79, and 150 soys. in 78. Each day has nix. races for decision. The secession of so good a sportsman as Mr. G. Porter from the Barcoo turf » to be regretted; but the disposal of his stud will distribute some good horseß among Western racing men. Mr. J. Monahan advertises in the Western Champion that he has for private sale—Marathon, four yean, a bay gelding by Teddington (son of New Warrior and Io) out of Miss Kyogle by Kyogle, &c; Culloden, a gray gelding, four years, by Grandmaster (imp.), his dam Nellie Grey, by Newington ; The Don, a bay gelding, six years old, and winner of fourteen races out of sixteen starts, got by The Don (son of Coßsack and Jenny Lind by ;Ether imp.), dam Stockings, by Wan derer (imp.) from a Bushy mare; Lady Bird, by Mark Tapley—Juanita, winner of five races ; Equator, by Sailor and the well-known^ per former Darkie; a two-year-old filly, Maritana, by Corccbo ; and the following brood mares:— Maggie Lander, by Coroobo—Crinoline (Mr. R. Ross' mare by Cossack ?), with foal at foot, by and in foal to Blair Athol (the son of Kingston ?); Brown Bess, bred by Mr. R. Dines, with foal by Blair Athol and in foal to him; and Slyboots, by lonian out of Slybootß, in foal to Blair Athol and with a foal by him. There is good blood here, verified by good performance. Mark Tapley, sire of Lady Bird (winner of the Charleville Cup last year) is an own brother to Sunlight and Janitor, Judex and Japan, and half-brother to one of Messrs. Barnes and Smith's Captivator two-year olds engaged in our Q.T.C. Produce Stakes next May. Marathon is a well-performed colt, having won the Aramac Trial Stakes for two and three year oldß, and the Barcoo Racing Club Handicap of 200 bovb., beating Recovery, Coronation, Whisker (by Lord of the Hills), Safeguard, and Chauce ; and Culloden, though unlucky at three years old, was a game honest colt, and at four years won the Maiden Plate and the Handicap at Muttaburra —of whose meeting we have re ceived no report, by-the-way. I have received a letter from " A Country Subscriber" enquiring " whether the N.A.J.C. (Ipswich) Sires' Produce Stakes has fallen through?" . . . he " nominated two Bires for that race in December last (enclosing the neces sary promissory notes), poßting the nominations iv ample time to reach the Bccretary by the ad vertised dato of closing—namely, January 1, 1880\. It id now March," he addß, "and the uuiuia of the subscribing sirea have not been published, uor have I had any acknowledgment from the swroUry of receipt of nominations ;" iiud be conclude* by sayiug that he " wants his promissory-noteu back if the race has fallen through." I can only refer "A Country Sub. scriber" to Mr. D. T. Keogh, secretary N.A J. Club, Ipswich, who will doubtless be »ble to give good reasons (or not publishing the names of the subscribers. Rockhampton races are fixed for July 8 and V (I have not been favored with a copy of the pro gramme); and the Maryborough meeting will, I hear, follow Rockhampton as last year. Gympie, it is to be hoped, will clash with neither. Ips wich makes no sign at present, nor have Dalby and Toowoomba come out with their winter programme yet. Caspian's St. Leger victory at Flemlngton flatly contradicts his previous form, which has not been above second-class in public, though it now seems as if there was some truth in those private trials before the Derby, reports of which made him first favorite at the post for that race in November last. Still the running is inexpli cable on the data to hand. In my next I shall briefly review the racing during this meeting. The Blackall Sires' Produce Stakes (noted above), I learn from the Water* Champion, is "an arrear one established to take the place of the Trial Stakes until the Produce Stakes of 1882 matures." Sires must be nominated on or before April Fool Day, and their produce (now two yeara old) may enter up to June 28. The North Gregory (late " Never-Never ) Jockey Club issues the following programme for May 6 and 6:—A Maiden Hurdle Race of 20 soys., a mile and a-half ; a Maiden PU* of 30 boys. a mile and a-half ; Town Plate of 30 soys., a mile and a-balf, weight for age ; Corinthian Cup of 30 boys., welter weight for age, a mile and a-half (rather monotonous this); the Flying Handicap of 20 soys., six furlongs: and a Hurry Scurry of 6 boys. Second day :—North Gregory Handicap Steeplechase of 40 soys., two miles ; North Gregory "Ledger" («c), a sweepstakes of 5 soys. each, with a cup, v^l™ 20 soys., given by Mr. A. Gordon, for two-year-olds, one mile, weight for age ; North Gregory Tur, f <? ub H/f; dicap of 75 soys., 2 miles; Stockm^ Purse of 15 soys* a mile and a-quarter ; a SellK* **" ?' 10 soys.; and a Hack Race of 10 soys. N^mtoaUons for the N.G.T.C. Handicap and Steeplechase, with 1 soy., part of entrance-money, by April Fool Day ; weights, April 25 ; acceptances, — * »;• Night of general entry, May 3. Entrance, 7fr per cent on added money. At a sale of blood stock at Maryborough four Wetheron colts were submitted to auction by Mr. F. Bryant— Om. Scamp, b.a, 8 yean, by The Bake-Zoe .. 26 Moorbd, chua, t ye»», bj Fenman (imik>-Zoe 60 Pacha, b.a, four years, by Pharos—Circassian; and Rascal, b.a, four years, by The Rake—Zoe, were passed in. Although 60 guineas is below Moorlad's value, the price is not unsatisfactory, considering the state of tbe market for thorough* bred stock, and it goes to show that wellbred, well-cared-for, and good-looking youngsters can i be sold, even in such an indiffitrent community as Maryborough, at a price that pays the breeder for his expenditure in money, time, and trouble. Hcjorlad v the first of the Fenmans yet sold, and I am told his purchaser, Mr. E, Booker, intends to run him for his engagements at Maryborough and Rockhampton before sending bjm up to CHI• too—Mr. Brooker's station, near MarlborougV Owner. Dun. Covered by Mr. J. R. Dtnet' .. Venetia Mr. J. R. Dines' .. Gazelle Mr. J. Williams' .. First Flight Mr. J. Finuie'n ..Magnolia Mr. J. Fiunie's .. Mabel Mr. J. Finnie'B .. Lady Lee Mr. F. Morgan's .. Eugenie Hon. J. P. Bell's ...WheaUheaf Hon. J. P. Bell'a ..'Caprica Hon. J. P. Bell's .. Cadean Hon. J. P. Bell's .. Legend EUwthornden Italian Fireman Nemo Nemo Newbold Epigram Epigram Epigraoi Epigram Epigram 