WEDNESDAY, 1lARUIl to, 1ISe THE prompt revocation of the miOehie" vous Longmore edict restricting th' borrowing powers of selectors will reet with approval all over the colony; and as the first administrative act of th new Ministry it may be accepted usan indication that the successors of th Barry Government of misrule ared5d rous of mitigating as soon as paotle the excesses and departontsl bloade of their predecessors. It is to Ikre that having destroyed these inil? regulations, Mr J. G. Duffy will bin. duced to stay his hand-.at least nr,, it has been discovered that the existin, laws controlling the occupation of thi public estate do not provide all neo sary maclinery for the efficient manage ment of his department. Without It Longmoro's latest edition, the formid able code of " regulations" 'usler tih Land Act of 1809 is simply appallling In bulk and volume the regulation have largely outgrown the Act itsel, and their whole scope and design, ilti evident on the very face of thesms, lsts bring every individual selector at some period of his probationary term ender the immediate control and oversight d the Miuister: The so-called " liberal' Landi Act has thus become sa ponderous political machine, sunder which flagraMn injustice and corrupt administration have been carried on with perfect im. punity. What is chiefly wanted by the selector is security of tenure, so long is Ihe complies with the condition of occupancy, whether as a licensee or lessen, wlhichl the Act was designed to give him ; so that lihe may be assurd that, provided his bonacfides as a Crown tenant are unassailable, lie may hell what opinions he likes upon the publie questions of tile day, and express the, too, in defiance of the official slay eal with perfect immusnity from coin quences as regards Ihis dealings with thie State landlord. This is the kild of reform wanted in tile public Lad, department; andt if Mr Dulfy will d. minister hIis office in tlhis directionls will make of the selectors and farmer of Victoria an agricultural yeomanryd free men, not Ministerial serfs. Tin revived prosperity will follow re* tablished confidence, the Crown terans will be able to pay their rents esim prove their holdings, and peae an contentment will prevail where b??ts existed only lhardship and injutstice?t ceaseless complaints. PAYMENT of mlemblers will remnin in absyance until the new Assembly deter mines the conditions upon whichl it shab be renewed. It will probably be a necessary preliminary to any work being done that the princilie of lay met shall he allirmed, but at present there appears to Ile some doubt whether the old system will be revived, and all members placed on full-time pay; or whether a graduated scale will h adopted, under which pIayent will I made according to attendance. A third suggestion has been made, which d0 serves favourablo mention. It is, t submit the question of piay or no yf to tile electorates, and let tie constit? encies decide it by it poll ; paymentnot to exceed £300, and to be defrayd ratoably out of the municipal revenue of each electoral district. In North Gippaland, for instance, the two tL roughs of Sale and VWalhalla, and th Shires of A von, Matffra, Rosedale, all Bairnsdale, would be called uplon make up £600 per annum, if ratepaysf thlroghout the electoral district d cided on it poll, taken on that questis only, sye or nay, that theii represens tives should be pIaid. Thie proporti:I to be levied on each could easily r ascertained by adding together ther nual valuations of each municipalitr, and assessing the total with just a much in the £ as would provide de required amount. Thus the ct rd representation would fill in fiir c.15" tion upon the wealthiest sectiond,?' electorate. It is too munch to exltht this method of "compensating metm bers will meet with immediate sI proval ; but it may be commended for many reasons. Those membersibo do lnot require pay woultl riot bare tO do violence to their consciences by ta cepting it ; while those to wheosi it an indispensable condition of Memikr' ships woushl fislld no dillliculty in obtsn ing it frome tlheir constituents it tlO malnner proposed. In North Gippsan3d we have a case which will serve to illustrate the argument. Mr MI'eano, tlhe Mlbourne member, does not enst payment. Owing to his residence and Iis avocatious being tnetropolitrn, he cas discharge hlis Parliamenitary duti, without detriment to Iis ordinary Cll ing. WVith lr M'Lean the case is dii fesent. ilis attolieance in the Assem bly means labsence froa Isis hloms aurd ibusiness, anud it is olly reasonable the lie lshould receive someso rIIemunerntitt which we believe the district WO"o1 wvillingly provilde. It is said tlsst s the 86 menibers in tile now ASoismbly .II are o )rosedo to piaynenst at sll, 4 Ii fVitour of the IprIesOnt systeIi , nd itbO agro with tlhe principlo but niot thle esode of ptayment. Wye sincO0,l hopel, hlowever, that there will bos: quarrel over thlis tquestion. It .sII w'iser, if there is sanythisg likO 5g oequaljity of aides upon it, to let tlhep solt systom continueo for the tluritoi" f to new Assembly, rather than run the hazard of renewing the agitation r tFich has now happily subsided. Thl was not prominently iu f .en consltituencies at the late elec fon, and we believe the country will titly pay. 'embern if by so doing the n risenmbly can be induced to settle down I to the work of legislation. In.morrow the Tanjil will leave Sale for Illirnidale and the Lakes on arrival of the n1iltly train, returning the following ' P The return fare io s a I tlanced at 158. T'he p.s. Murray succeeded in getting ver the bar earlyestrdy morning, and rsould therefore have been at the bridge last night. 'thos. Norton, from Grant, was comrn tnitted to Kew Asylum by the Sale Bench ester have to acknowledge the receipt from Messrs Gordon and Gotch of their losltralian Hlandbook for 1880. The work coAntins several important new features, anotily llistories of the Colonies with details from date of settlement to the pre t time. 'he tIriffs and extended lists f' towns add too he bulk and utility of tile t lanidbhok, which also contains coloured pan of the clonjes and of the cities of lelholrne anl Sydney, mining and land ulaotions of the different Australasian nnunities. Nothing more accurate or lete is ever likely to .he issued, and it t eflects the highest credit upon this enter- d priing firm, who acknowledge the valus- F ihh assistance they thave received in many quarters ill the plreparation of the present ditlion. Anl American hogie engine with a brake vai, conveying Mr Mirls, locomotive f superintendent, the hIon. J. Woods, and snone other officials, arrived in Sale on b Monday night, the object of the visit being to test the new importation on one of the light lines. 'l'he bogie, which bas lu wheels, is a mtagitficent looking piece of machinery, much more bulky in ap pearance than the Phmenix make, but it appears to move with great ease, and to possess enormous power. The vanl was prnvided with a cimplex apparatus for in licating the radius of the kerbs, the gra dient, speed travelled, andi weight of load drawn. 'IThe hogic left yesterday morning o taking ten trucks of fine looking cattle for to-day's iMelbourne market. Mr Johnson-Uiie's stud was sold by auctini at Mr Yuille's autumn sales on Monday at Fllemington. Mr Campbell officiated as auctioneer. The first horse brought into the ring was Wellington. lie was started at 300 guineas, and rapidly alldncel, by 25 guinea bids, to 600 guineas, t which price he became the property of 3ir lHilley, of New South Wales. Ieing. a sound vounn hIorse, with great size, the I st of Panic's sons, and with a career be fire hill, not only on the turf, but after wards at the stud, lie was cheap at the money. Columbus Onext stepped into the ii circle, and attention was drawn t to te fict f by the auctioneer that his weight for the t Sydney Gold Cup was only 8st 51b, int clusive of a 51b penalty. Somebody then offered 400 guineas, and he soon ran up to ,75 guineas, when as no one seemed in. clined to go hither, lie was withdrawn a front sale. Dougalston, a racing-like c brother ti Canterbury, was knocked down c to Mr Forbes for 130 guinens, to go to a India: Mr Whllittighlim purchased the c sire El Morne fr 45 guineas, and the s steeplechaser Turpin fetched 00 guineas from Mr Dry:lale. Monarch, a steeple- a chaser, fell to Mr Chirnside flr 26 guineas. a Some other lots were withdrawn. The cases of the three condemned crimi. oals now lying under sentence of death a were to have been considered yesterday t afternoon at anll Executive Council. 'Their naines are Eliza Lucas, sentenced to death t onl Feb. 21, at the Sandhurst Assizes, for tihe murder of her husband at M'Coy's bridge, near Echuc; stiandl two boys, named William Punch and William Culrtis, for a capital lffnece on ia young girl. It is un derstood that the extremle penalty of the { law will not be inflicted in either case. Hrerlhl. Last night's Herald mentions that AMr A..'1'. Clarke conltemplates opposing the re-election of Dr. Madden at Sandridge. The late Government do not intend to conltest any of the seats rendered vacant by AiMr Service and his colleagues accept inug office. At the same time, it is asser ted, slid witlh good grounds, that any member elected on the 28th February can run against a Minister, and, if defeated, retain his sent. III this regard Mr Service has made a mtistake, it is said, in postponl nlag the opening of Parliament till Msay, as had members already elected been sworn in, they could not have contested any of the elections about to come on without lhaving first resigned the seats they were originally elected for. Strong efforts are, we learn, to be made to induce Mr Spencer to oppose MIr Gillies. 'There is a question (writes a correspon dent of the Star) seriously affecting friendly societies, which the new Ministry will have to deal with, and that is the duty of 25 per cent. on patent medicines. In saine instances I ant inflrmed it reaches as high as 50 per cent. Since the imlposi tion of this duty chemists generally have been obliged to notify the several societies that they would have to increase the price at which tihey contracted to supplly the mlembers of tie various lodges previous to the imposition of the duty. This sub ject, no doubt, with the duity on reapers and binders and patent ttilining machinery, will engage the attentionu of Miniaters if they wish to stand well with the country. 'Tile gold tiins of Midljan (says tile 'lies) lre iaqin to the froiit. C~aptain Ilurton, who in two visits ti the reginns IneICar the Gul f Alkaba fuitnd the ruilns of lhniiy uIllilnilg toWns anid traces of much mlineral iwealtli, i 11nw about to snake a final survey os behalilf of certail miniling capitalists us s prelililoary to extensive collnmercial o leratiloni. 'The Khedlive is only to be ,sked for leave to work, sub Jects In paymlent of a royalty on the mitne rils, so that we can wishI all success to the explorers without any fear of possible loss to Egypt. l)iuritlg 1871 there were 327 strikes in Great fBrniin, as lgainst 2177 last year, suid 1D1 inl 1878. ,Sixteen were legacies frrom 1878, and 26 were lascd itt t, he finished ii 1880. Of the remainlder, 20 were cor promisedl, 72 were lIst, andl 26, as already stated, renained untsettled at tihe end if 187l. 'IThle greatest llnumber of strikes, 241, occurred nlong tile cottot operatives, and there wrere two among " paupers." 'IThe Age is trying to set Sir John O'Shannnssy atd the linllistry by the earsr, by persundlilng the firtler that lie has been c.ulteilptuinsly treatcel. 'ITle sanle eli S'loUS julurtal girds at hr?llites fur being in a tIeo gracious" miIool. 'l'li cricket mnatch between the Austra liau Eleven and Victorian F"ifteen resulted ill a victory to the latter lby a wicket and one rlln. The total ncires were-t'hlle Eleven, 1st inintgs, 1202; second do, 6( ; total, 268. The F'ifteen, let innings, 1i8t; second do, 103; total, 200, anud onle Waicet. Ladies' "temptation pocketq" have raised quite an army of expert thieves in the city. New cells are being added to Pentridge, t giving accommodation to a total of over 760 prisoners. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is to be urged to oppose the reelection of Mr Duffy at Dal housie. The flood damages to the St. Arnaud I line are enormous, owing to muffengineer- t ing. Scarcely a culvert or bridge was a sufficient to carry off the stormwater. The Morniing Post announces that the I Rev. Arthur Wagner, M.A., of St. Paul's, Brighton, England, has resigned his prefer. ments and joined the Church of Rome. The programme of the Government will be unfilded to the country by Mr Service to-night. The Premier will he accom panied to 1Mtaldon by Messrs Francis, Ram say, and Duffy. Over 200 competitive poems for the Exhibition cantata are in, one half coming from the adjoining colonies. Some of them are described as horrible, and the ceremonial committee are looking miser able after reading them. It is a suhbject of general remark, parti. cularly in the metropolis, that although the price of stock is ruinously low, retailed meat has not even remained stationary, hut has shown in places an "upward ten dency." Whatever may he the cause, land in. vestments have been more numerous, and the prices given have been much higher during the week just past, than for a year previous. It is thought probable, says the Tele graph, that the new Government will pro. pose a redunetion of the total amount of salaries allowed by schedule to Ministers from £14,000 to £10,000. Saturday, Feb. 28, is henceforward to be known among the Liberal party as " Block Saturday," in consequence of the number of unexpected dismissals which then occurred. The gloves sold at an " alarming sacri fice" by Edward Williamson, and which were suspected to be smuggled, turn out to have been stolen, and the youth has been sentenced to eight months' imprison ment. The excitement of the election being over, some Liberal journals have relapsed into idiocy. The 13endign Independent " ventilates" the ghost of a headless woman which " glides" along the Sheepwasls road. Mlr O'Hen, ex M.L.A.. should be hired to exorcise the spectre with his shot gun. The writ for the South-Western Pro vince election, consequent upon NMr Cuth hert's acceptance of office, will he issued by the President of the Legislative Coun cil to-morrow. The writs for the election of other members of the Ministry were issued yesterday-nomination, 13th ; poll. ing, 19thl; writs returnable, 27th. Since the discovery was made (says the Avoca Free Press) that the bark of the ' ironbhark tree is fully equal to wattlehark for tanning purposes, a wholesale destruct tifn of the most valuable timber tree in Victoria has set in. No time should he lost in protecting what is left of the iron bark wood from annihilation. Melbourne butchers are now (says a correspondent) exposed to a wholesome competition in the flesh trade. A large conveyance, somewhat like an omnibus in appearance, conveys meat and sells it in carcnse or in joint from door to door in the suburbs, at prices which throw even the meat market into the shade. Th'le new system is highly esteemed by hooseholders, andt might be profitably imitated in large towns. A swimming match has been definitely arranged between AIr Walter AMoIndoe, the well-known swimmer, and F. Kitz, of Brighton, who has challenged the former to a race of 100 yards, for the champion ship of the colony and stakes of £50 a side. The match will take place on the 17th April in the St. Kilda baths. Two members of the Simonsen Frolique Company had a frolic of their own at Gee long last week. The property boy eloped with one of the Vaidi sisters, and per suladed the Rev. Mackenzie Fraser to hitch them together. Neither party is over 17. and the property boy's mother-in law is preparing a lively storm for hiin when he returns to duty. TheChurch of England and Presbyterian Pastoral Aid Society is languishing fr want of funds, and a fear is expressed in the annual report that it will have to be wound up unless a larger number of sub scribers come forward. The Government search party, which went from Adelaide to Kangaroo Island some time since to look for Pilot Germain, have returned (says the Herald) without gleaning ally tidings of the missing man. It is stated in the Advertiser that three Tasmanian lubras lived on the island for somne time past until very recently, when two of them killed the third. One of the survivors afterwards stole the child of the lighthouse keeper at Cape Willoughby, and ate it. Then one became blind, and the death of the other was shortly afterwards reported. The sole survivor afterwards took to the bush and was never seen alive again. George Bates, who is well-known in connection with the affairs of the island, is still living and was a resident of the place 12 years before the South Australian Government established a trade in skins on the island. A small community of hunters has been established there for some years, and they brought over soanme alboriginal women from the mailand sland S'IT'asmania anod lived with them. The re sult was a number of intelligent half castes, who havO nsow reached nunlhoodtl, e oandd are putting in clains to the South SAustralian Govcrntmneut ftr selections of land on the island. 