The installation of the Bishop of Newcastle. f--' ...?. . [seem; ot/s own Reporter.] "We have already described the proceedings observed on the occasion of the arrival of the Right Rev. Dr. Pearson, Bishop of Newcastle in succession to the late Right Rev. Dr. "Tyrrell. The Bishop and Mrs. Pearson arrived in the diocese on Wednesday afternoon, by the steamer Morpeth from Sydney, where for a few days they had been the guest of the Metropolitan, who with Mrs. Barker accompanied Dr. Pearson and his lady to Newcastle. rr*- On Thursday forenoon, shortly before ten J o'clock, the clergy of the diocese, who were of present in large number assembled at of Christ Church parsonage and having robed, I proceeded in order to Christ Church Cathe L ifitfl], which was filled by a large congregation. A great many of the laity of the diocese, from different and distant parts, were included in the assembly. Morning prayer was then said by the Rev. Canon Selwyn. The proper Psalms were Ps. Ixxv, Gonfitebimur Ubi, Ps. cxxi, Levavi cures, and Ps. cxxii, Lotatus sum. The Rev. Canon White read the first lesson, Isaiah vi, 1-8, and the Rev. Canon Tyrrell the second lesson John xv, 1-11. After the third collect the choir sang " O Guardian of the Church Divine." Upon the conclusion of the Hymn the Metropolitan directed the Deputy Registrar of the Diocese, Mr. E. W. Thompson, to read the notarial Act of the con- secration of the Bishop of Newcastle and Mr. Thompson having obeyed, the Metropolitan delivered his mandate for the installa- tion of the Bishop to Archdeacon Child, Vicar- General, who read the mandate, while the clergy and congregation remained standing. The Archdeacon proceeded to induct the Bishop in the following words : In the name of God. Amen By virtue of a Mandate under the hand and seal of the Right Reverend Father in God, Frederic by Divine permission, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, and in conformity with the approved usage of the Church of England, I, Coles Child, Bachelor of Arts, Archdeacon of Newcastle, do hereby induct the, skies Brow, n Pearson, Doctor of divinity, into the occupation of the Sea and diocese t Newcastle, and da instal theo in corporal, lawful, and canonical possession of the same by the style and title of Bishop of Newcastle, this twenty-sixth day of August, 1888. "The Archdeacon then said Lord, it va Thy servant the Bishop of this Diocese. The people answered And send him help from Thy holy place. Then the Archdeacon offered the following prayers Almighty God, giver of all good things, Who by Thy. Holy Spirit hast appointed divers Orders of Ministers in Thy Church ; Merciful!) behold this Thy Servant new called to the Work and Ministry of a Bishop; and replenish him so with the truth of Thy doctrine, and adorn him with innocency of life, that both by word and deed, he may faithfully serve Thee in this office, to the glory of Thy name, and the edifying and well-governing of Thy Church ; through the men's of Our Saviour Jesus Christ, Who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen. Addressing the Bishop, the Archdeacon said The Lord bless thee and keep thee. The Lord make His face to shine upon then and be gracious unto thee, 'The Lord lift up the light of His countenance upon thee and give thee peace both now and evermore. Amen, The choir sang " Come Holy Ghost ; Creator come," and the Metropolitan proceeded with the communion service. The collect was the special collect for the consecration of Bishops, as follows: Almighty God, who by Thy Son Jesus Christ didst give to Thy Apostles many excellent gifts, and didst charge them to feel Thy flock ; Rive grace, we be- seech Thee, to all Bishops and pastors Thy Church, that they may diligently preach Thy word and duly administer the godly discipline thereof and grant to Thy people that they may diligently follow the same that all may receive the em f n of everlast ing glory ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. The hymn before sermon, was " My God, and is Thy Table spread. The Metropolitan preached the sermon. He took his text from Deuteronomy iii, 18. "Charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him." The words of Moses to Joshua were those of a dying man, who might not enter the Promised Land.. The workman may die, but the work proceeds. Though the commander may not enter the land of promise the people must. Another leader must therefore be appointed. There was some similarity between this closing scene in the life of Moses and the present occasion. One who for upwards of a quarter of a century had labored in the diocese had gone from amongst men. The loss to those for whom he had worked was to him great gain. For the Lord removed him when full of years and honors ; the time had come when their late Bishop felt that to depart and be with Christ was far better. The loss to the church was the loss of help of experience, of the deepest interest in the work he had undertaken, and the very conspicuous and self-denying liberality to the diocese he was now to leave Yet the work goes on and another leader must be appointed'!. The rule of the church must be maintained according to its. ancient order. And as the principles of all right government are ever the same, because they are in subjection to the eternal law of God, 80 also the promises made to the rulers of the people and of the church are all the same, what was required of Moses was required of Joshua as his successor ; what was promised to Moses Joshua could claim-" I will never leave thee nor forsake thee ; I will never fail thee." The promise given to Joshua was in fact repeated from age to age in the church. Therefore the church now can boldly take the promise as addressed to itself-" The Lord is my helper ; I shall not want ; he will never leave me nor forsake me." Paul, when he gave the charge to Timothy, repeated the promise while at the same time he reminded him of his great responsibilities as a bishop of the duties which flowed from it, and who it was who had committed the care of the church to him. Two things specially were enjoined by Paul on Timothy. He was to preach the Word; to use one of the great means by which the church does her exalted work. The pulpit still retains its power: right words, wise words, words in season, are still H goods stirring men up to godliness Timothy was also to lay hands suddenly on no man. He was carefully to discriminate in the selection of men for the priestly office Bishops of modern days were required to be as careful as Timothy in the. choice of instead ments for God's work fitly chosen instruments indeed display the power and knowledge of God, and become a valuable means of disseminating truth and righteousness in the world. is Joshua was not only to be charged, he was also to be encouraged. And what was the encouragement? Promises were made to him upon which he could rely ; an engagement was entered into which was certain to be fulfilled. That was truly encouragement to undertake the task set him. He had the assurance of God's constant presence and support. Christ had given similar encouragement to his disciples individually and to the church collectively. And every one who was conscious that he was doing the will of God and performing His work, might apply the gracious promise to himself. Joshua was also to be strengthened. Now In the command to do the work of the Lord was contained the strength to obey. " God's commandings are God's enabling." an old writer has said. When God gives the command he gives the strength. Christ's servants can do all things when He strengthens them. Dr. Barker proceeded as follows: To us, to you who represent this diocese of Newcastle, to him who has this day been set before you manifestly in the face of the people and before the Lord as bishop-it is a cause of large thankfulness to feel that although our wants and weaknesses are the same as theirs of old time, and that we are the same as Mobbs, hesitating, weary, under the load of all the people, yet the power and presence of Jehovah is more fully manifest to us than it was to Joshua. Por we have Jesus for our guide who is the true Joshua, the captain of our salvation : He it is who assigns our lot in life, He fixes the bounds of our inheritance, He gives us the promised security of peace, He leaves nothing undone for his chosen, until he brings them to the rest and the inheritance of His heavenly kingdom. To Him, therefore, we may confidently direct our thoughts and our prayers when we think, as we must naturally do, of the responsibilities of the Episcopal office, and of the need of wisdom and strength to discharge its manifold great and solemn duties. It is a comfort to us, and a help to us, to believe that he who comes to you to- day as your chief pastor has, in the Provi- dence of God, been clearly called to this office and ministry that after much prayer and earnest deliberation on your parts, the hearts of men were guided by the hand of the Lord, towards one eminently calculated for the position by sound learning and fitted by ministerial experience to undertake the office into which he has this day been installed. The apostle gives two directions in Hebrews xiii. ; he bids us to look at the pastors who have passd away, and to those who bear rule over us. He bids us obey those who at present fill the office. We are grateful to re remember the past ; we look hopefully to the future. Deep interest is felt, much prayer has been offered, and the anticipations of many are that large and lasting benefits to the Church of Christ and the people in his charge will follow from the appointment of this second Bishop of Newcastle. My brethren of the clergy and laity, strengthen your chief pastor and encourage him. Strengthen him by that interest in his work which takes the form of sympathy and support, support by personal and pecuniary efforts, after the self-denying example of him who once bore rule over you. Encourage him by work, by your manifest interest in the work in which he is engaged ; encourage him by your sympathy in discouragements and difficulties, by your confident belief that God will be present with him in his purposes and labours ; encourage him by your petitions to the Throne of Grace that he may especially be one of those wise teachers who turn men to righteous- ness and shine in the brightness of the firmament as stars for ever and ever. The offertory was taken, to be devoted to the general fund of the diocese, and the service was proceeded with to its conclusion. In the afternoon the Bishop was entertained at a luncheon, in the City Hall, at which between one hundred and eighty and two hundred persons were present. A large number of ladies was included. The hall was handsomely decorated with wreaths, flowers, and boughs, in some cases arranged about the word " Welcome ;" and the tables were adorned as well as the poverty of gardens, consequent upon the long dry weather, would permit. Above the row of seats set for the principal guests, was a scroll bearing the words "The Lord make His face to shine upon thee." Mr. Lashmore, of Newcastle, was the caterer, and performed the function excellently. The Archdeacon of Newcastle (Archdeacon Child), presided, and on his right hand were Mrs. Pearson, the Bishop of Sydney, Mrs. Child, Canon Stephen, Mrs. Selwyn, and Major Bolton. On his left sat Mrs. Barker, the Bishop of Newcastle, Mrs. Arundel Barker, Canon Selwyn, Mrs. John Lee, Canon White, and Mr. Thomas Hungerford. After dinner, the Cilaxbmaw expressed his pleasure at seeing so many churchmen present at that entertainment so handsomely provided to welcome the Bishop. He then proposed the toast of "The Queen"-(cheers)-who on one side of her beautiful character cherished a most Christian sympathy with her people. The toast was most warmly received. Canon Selwyn said he had been chosen to propose the next toast, not specially because he was able to speak, but because his superiors thought it was his duty to undertake the task. (Hear, hear.) Of course when they heard what the toast was, they would feel at once that he could not but be glad and proud to propose it. He wished at the same time it had fallen into hands more able to do it justice. The toast he was about to propose was as dear to members of the Church as the previous toast was to all Englishmen. It was health and long life to the most venerable and respected Metropolitan. (Long continued applause.) He was glad to note that they received, as he was sure they would receive the toast with acclamation. % (Renewed applause). To most of them perhaps the Bishop of Sydney was not personally Tmown, it was true, but he had long been known by his character by those who do not belong to his diocese, but who have learned to respect and love him (Hear, hear) as a most able leader of the Church. And it had been most peculiarly gratifying to himself and all there, and to the clergy especially as well as to the laity, that they had the great privilege of the Bishop's presence among them that day. (Applause.) That was no common day. (Hear, hear.) That day they welcomed their dearly-loved Bishop a beloved in anticipation, and to be more dearly loved when they came to know him. (Hear, hear.) ' But the presence of their own Bishop amongst them would not have been so pleasant as it was, if .it^ad not been accompanied by the presence of the Metropolitan. (Hear, hear.) And Se-thönght'tharaU then present, and who were also present at the Cathedral Church in the forenoon, must have felt how solemn was the service, and how beautifully it was adorned by the most eloquent and touching and graceful and appropriate address of their beloved Metropolitan. (Applause.) No one could have listened to those truths without feeling himself elevated and instructed. He believed that discourse would bear fruits. He hoped they would second him in the request he was about to make to the Bishop of Sydney, that he would allow his sermon of that day to appear as it ought to appear, in a manner in which it could be read and studied. He knew it was delivered without notes, but he hoped there were some present able to take notes of it, and that the Metropolitan would be induced to let it appear in a shape worthy to appear before them. They, the clergy, had learned to value and to follow the kind advice, and to highly esteem- the fatherly counsel of him who was over them in the land-the Metropolitan of this and the other dioceses of the province. He confessed that he hoped to draw out from the Bishop of Sydney another address. They were celebrating the great event of the arrival of their Bishop in a variety of ways. Yesterday they began with the acclamations of the little children. Then their fathers and mothers in the ways of the Lord met in the Cathedral Church, and took part in a solemn service there At that particular time they were celebrating the event as men and women, and especially as Englishmen and women, in its social aspect. By and by they would celebrate it by a public meeting. He should be glad if the Bishop of Sydney would give them a few words on the social side of the event. He hoped that Dr. Barker would enjoy long life and find reason to come again amongst them, when they would receive him loyally. (Applause.) The toast having been enthusiastically honored, The Bishop on Stdhït said that when many years ago he was appointed Bishop of Sydney, and there was appended to his appointment a description of his office as Metropolitan of Australia, he sought counsel from the Lord Bishop of London, as one likely to know what the duties of a Metropolitan were. The Bishop was greatly perplexed at the question, but looking up to him in a very significant way, he said " Well, I cannot exactly say what the duties are, but I am quite sure that when you get to Australia, your suffrages will all look up to you."-(Laughter and applause, which as the joke hung fire with some were renewed after a brief lull. Dr. Barker b taller than the ordinary sons of men.) He was happy to feet that on the present occasion the rule had not met with any exception. (Laughter. Dr. Pearson is of middle height.) He regarded it as one of the privileges of his position that he was permitted to be there that day, and that he had been at the request of the clergy and apparently with the full concurrence of the laity, asked to take part in the very important and most deeply interesting proceedings of the time. He felt that there was not much more than an imaginary bond between the dioceses and the Metropolitan's office (hear, hear-and that they might all be more closely united by the fact that while the Bishops ruled them', the Metropolitan, though he did not rule, had some ideal and to some persons imaginary, but on this occasion very real duty to perform. He had to assist in the installation of a bishop, and he was thankful to think that on this occasion his duties had been so agreeably diversified. He was certainly a little alarmed at the prospect the Vicar General opened up in the programme sketched to him, and found that yesterday and to-day and throughout the whole day there was something expected from the Bishop of Newcastle and the Metropolitan, and he began to apprehend that he should sink under the tasks laid upon him. He was glad to say however, that that well appointed meal and that pleasant company had quite restored him, and he felt perfectly competent to return thanks for the manner in which Canon Selwyn had proposed and they had received the toast of his health. His relations with the late Bishop of Newcastle were of a very affectionate and tender character. Under that cold exterior there lay a deeply affectionate nature. (Applause.) Very few probably, apprehended the depth of that affection. (Hear, hear) On several occasions he was permitted to fathom to some extent the late bishop's nature, and to know that there thrilled therein as tender and loving a heart as ever sent forth its expressions of condolence with a friend in affliction. (Hear, hear.) Although perhaps these observations respecting the late bishop were not immediately connected with the business of the day, the mind naturally rested upon one who was wholly devoted to the work of the diocese, who denied himself solely for the purpose of benefiting the diocese in the manner he deemed best. (Applause.) He also took a warm and fervent interest in the organisation of the Synods of the Church, and though others may not always have concurred in his views of church government, yet on the whole, the church in Australia was deeply indebted to the wisdom and forethought of the late Bishop,, of Newcastle, and for the manner in which he had wrought out the subject of synodical action. (Applause.) He had ever regarded him (the Bishop of Sydney) very loyally as his Metropolitan-as Metropolitan not so much created by the Crown, for the democratic tendencies of this country had to some extent affected him, but as Metropolitan by consent of the Bishops and clergy, whatever that might mean. Perhaps the General Synod might some day throw a little light on the subject. At present the Metropolitan was allowed to assist in the installation of a bishop and to partake of the hospitalities of the laity. For all those and for the kind manner in which they had received the toast, he returned them his most cordial thanks. Major Bolton had been so highly honored as to have the toast of the afternoon entrusted to him. He traced back the history of the past to the occasion, when for the first time in Australia a Synod of the Church of England met in that very room. For the first time, the laity of the church were admitted to a share in the management of its tem ÏioralitieB, and it was made clear that the laity were the church. The election of the present bishop was one result of the syno- dical action for which they were indebted to the late lamented bishop. The new bishop had no ordinary duty to fulfil ; he succeeded to one who was an example to all men. However, the new bishop knew that the work before him was one of difficulty, and to enable" him to carry it out, he had chosen an assistant from among the ladies of England. (Applause.) He had brought one of the ladies of England with him as his wife (applause to assist him. If he had not done so he (Major Bolton) would have had some misgivings as to the future career of the Bishop. He was sure Mrs. Pearson would be a valuable aid to church work in the diocese. He proposed " the Right Rev. Dr. Pearson, Lord Bishop of Newcastle (applause), and Mrs. Pearson." (Long continued applause, and three ringing cheers for the Bishop and one cheer more for his lady.) The Bishop of Newcastle, who was cheered again on rising, said Mr. Archdeacon, my Lord Bishop of Sydney, and ladies and gentlemen I can assure you that since I landed upon Australian shores, my faculty of gratitude has been exercised from day to day most vigorously. (Hear, hear.) When our steamer came to Melbourne, I had the grip of an old friend's hand in the person of the Bishop of Melbourne (applause) -one whom I am glad to think the people in the home of his adoption are learning to honor and love. (Applause.) And when in the course of our journey we came on to Sydney, I felt very soon that if had not met an old friend yet that I had formed a new friend- ship-if I may be allowed to say so-with the Metropolitan of this province. (Applause.) I cannot tell you how fully we appreciate the kindness of the Bishop and Mrs. Barker to us in their home, or the hospitality which met us from the churchmen of Sydney. (Applause.) But I assure you we have a great deal of gratitude and power of thankfulness left for the diocese of Newcastle. (Applause.) My wife and I could not fail to be pleased when we came to this harbour and saw it so gaily decked or when we came to the cathedral church (so to call it (laughter) and saw the large gathering which was to welcome us with children's voices.' (Applause.) Now perhaps you may all remember the old adage about gratitude being a sense of favours to come. Now that at last I have got among Newcastle people, my gratitude partakes greatly of that character. I cannot help looking forward to the future, and thinking of what we must expect each from the other. (Hear, hear.) I assure you I feel most deeply the sense of responsibility in succeeding one who has been spoken of, and honestly spoken of, in such terms as you have heard (applause as one who was devoted to his work, and who proved it by his constant residence and constant labours in your behalf. I do feel the responsibility of succeeding him. (Hear, hear) Well, if we are to see life and progress and energy in this diocese, what shall I have to ask of you, in that sense of favours from you to come ? It has struck me that one thing I shall have to ask of you is forbearance I shall have to ask for your patience as being a new comer. (Hear hear ) We are not old colonists yet ; we have only been five weeks in Australia That is my misfortune, many will think. But as time goes on I will try to learn from those who are ready to guide and teach me with regard to my new duties and the new surroundings of my life. In the meantime, I shall ask for the forbearance and patience of the clergy and the laity, being what we used to call at Cambridge a freshman. I must also ask for your candour. I know quite well that in carrying on the concerns of a great institution such as this, there must arise occasional misunderstandings. There must be incidents from time to time which tend a little bit to throw a cloud over the sunshine of the pleasant relations that should exist between us. This is to be expected in the ordinary course of human things. When such occasions arise, be plain, and honest, and straightforward with me. (Applause.) Do not let the thing hang back and disturb our relations from week to week and from year to year. Let us have it out. (Applause-) One thing more. I want your patience and your candour, and from both clergy and laity for they combine to form the Church, I must tell Major Bolton-a laugh) I also want your kind co- operation your co-operation not only with me but with each other. I feel that one of the peculiarities of the life of the clergy in this country is that they are likely to suffer from a sense of isolation. In that case, it is more and more the duty of the laity to co- operate with their clergy. (Hear, hear ) You know that at home-no, this is home now-I mean in England (a laugh) when things go a little wrong with a clergy- man, he is only a few yards from his next door clerical neighbour, and can go in and talk the thing over. He can say, "how awkward Mr. Smith is turning, there have only been some slight changes made, and he is quite in a huff about them." (Laughter.) But here the clergyman has not always such an opportunity. He has no outlet for complaints when his nearest clerical brother lives sixty or seventy miles away. It is therefore more incumbent upon the laity here to co-operate intelligently and heartily with the clergymen of their parishes I venture to say this-that if the laity recognise their position as members of the Church, and their duty to be fellow-workers with the clergy, the success of the Church is assured. I thank Major Bolton and you for the hearty good-will you have manifested to us ; I thank you for the kind way in which you have received my dear wife, (Applause ) Major Bolton has spoken of what she is sure to be to the diocese. I can speak much more confidently of what she is to me. I knew her before I married her as a good daughter, a good sister, and a good neighbour, and I knew she would make a good wife. I will tell you one little remark she made after that service yesterday afternoon, in which we were both glad to join. She said, " Oh, my dear, the cathedral !" (Laughter and applause.) I do not think I can do better than leave you that remark of my wife's as a subject for your meditation (renewed laughter). I thank you heartily on behalf of my wife and myself. Mr. Teenchaud proposed " The Visitors," and expressed a hope that some of them would before long be invited to the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the new cathedral. Canon Stephen responded. After acknowledging the hospitality of the people of the diocese, he expressed his pleasure at being present at the installation of the second Bishop of Newcastle. Some 33 years ago he had been present at the consecration of the first Bishop. He could assure the new Bishop that the sympathy of the clergy of the diocese of Sydney was his. - Mr. K. W. Thoupsow proposed "The Ladies," and especially Mrs. Selwyn, the lady who had taken a chief share in the reception proceedings. Mr. EC. J. Boldest» responded. This concluded the proceedings of the luncheon. A public meeting in connexion with the arrival of the Bishop was held in the evening in the City Hall. There was a large attendance of both sexes, and, at before the diocese was very generally represented by gentlemen who had come specially to attend. The Venerable Archdeacon Child presided. The Chairman said it was nearly twelve months twelve months next week since the Synod of the diocese met in that hall to put in force the ordinance for the election of a bishop. They had now before them the Bishop who had been sent to them by the Divine blessing, to the choice of whom they were guided by the Divine hand. Of course the progress of civilisation, the rapidity of communication now enjoyed between one country and another, had enabled their newly-elected Bishop to reach his diocese within a year of his election. But all this progress in the arts and sciences brought upon clergymen further duties, responsibilities and anxieties. They were met to continue the welcome to the bishop, already expressed in other forms. (Hear, hear.) They purposed to put their welcome in the form of an address, signed by members of Synod on behalf of the diocese, and to hand this to the bishop as a lasting memorial of the cordiality with which he was welcomed among them. Before calling on the gentlemen who were to present the address, he would say one or two more words. When their late bishop, Who died almost seventeen months ago, came to the diocese a different order of things from the present prevailed. He really laid the basis of the church. There was now no parish in which there was no church in some there were several, in his own parish of St. James', for instance, there were four substantial churches. The great desire of the late Bishop, to provide for every resident clergyman a parsonage, was also accomplished. (Hear, hear.) He used to say, get the clergyman fixed in the parish, and then everything will follow church, school, church organisation, all that was necessary to carry on church work. When the late bishop came, the diocese extended from Newcastle to Wide Bay. First, it had been lessened by the cutting off the Brisbane diocese, then a new diocese of Grafton and Armidale further diminished it, and a little was afterwards taken off to add to the diocese of Bathurst. The late Bishop had to travel many and many a weary mile over the large original diocese. And the arrangements to decrease it required anxious and peculiar care. What was the result, however The diocese was now compact ; the bishop would find it comparatively easy to go over. He did not mean to say that the management and over- sight of the diocese would be easy (hear hear) ; it would involve great responsibilities and anxieties and duties (hear, hear) and they all felt most glad and thankful that their new Bishop had brought one with him who would assist him to support the anxieties and responsibilities of his office (applause). Some had gone rather far in thinking that Mrs. Pearson would be a sort of assistant bishop (a laugh) ; the way she, would really and best assist the bishop was by her wifely sympathy, her encouragement when he came to his home wearied with the many anxieties and perplexities he would have to encounter, surrounding the episcopal office. He could assure the Bishop on behalf of the clergy and laity that they would give him the most hearty and cordial support, as they offered him a hearty and cordial welcome. On behalf of the clergy and laity he said to Dr. Pearson and Mrs. Pearson,-God bless you ; we thank you for coming out from your own land to help us and we are sure that with God's blessing, an opening for great usefulness is before the church in this diocese under your guidance. He called upon Mr. Thomas Hungerford to read the address. Mr. Htjngkhfoed read the following address To the Right Reverend Josiah Brown Pearson, Doctor of Divinity, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Newcastle. Right Reverend Father in Sod, We, the clergy and laity of the Diocese of Newcastle, desire in all duty and loyalty to bid you a hearty welcome to your Diocese. , a We rejoice in receiving you and Mrs. Pearson amongst us, and we recognise the gracious ordering of the will of God, which in answer to our prayers haiR sent you to be our chief ruler, We thank the goodness of the Almighty, which has preserved you on your voyage, and guided you in safety to this country and we pray that the same over-ruling Power may still be with you in your care of those over what the Holy Ghost has made you overseer. We do not wish to conceal from ourselves the anxieties and labours everywhere incident to a Bishop's office, and not least in such a diocese as this comparatively small though it be among colonial dioceses ; but we believe that they will be lightened to you by the cheerful and zealous co-operation of all members of our church throughout the diocese, and it is our hearty desire and purpose to do all that in us lies, under your guidance and over- sight, to promote the glory of God, the good of souls, and the extension of Christ's kingdom. We know how great and important a work it is which the Church is called to do within our borders, This work our late revered and well loved Bishop began to it he devoted all his life and means, and we trust you may be spared for many years to carry that same work forward, directed by the Divine wisdom, shielded by the Divine protection, and cheered and sustained by the Divine love. With this expression of our duty and affection (to yourself, and with the belief that your cares and labours in God's service will be lightened by Kerwin has come to share those cares and labours with you and with the assurance that our prayers on your behalf shall be constantly offered to Our Father in Heaven, We remain, your Lordship's faithful servants in Christ Jesus Our Lord. (Signed by the members of the Synod, Clerical and Lay). Mr. Hungerford said he was only speaking as the mouthpiece of the laity of the diocese, (hear, hear-and wishing the Bishop long life and ability to do as much work as the late Bishop had done. (Hear, hear.) The late Bishop wrought against difficulties that seemed insurmountable, and he had made the Diocese of Newcastle an example to all the Australian dioceses. He had given a noble instance of self denial and self-devotion and he (Major Bolton) believed the present bishop would follow the example. He believed with every confidence that the new bishop would be able to guide the church well. To the late bishop they owned eyes dical action, and thus the laity had been enabled to take their proper place in church work. Synodical action strengthened the church by thus uniting the laity with the clergy and it was a step in the right direction, for it tended to cement all the elements of the church in a strong whole. He had been delighted with the sermon of the Me E W politan, and he was sure clergymen and lay- A men were all pleased with their new Bishop. Mr. Hungerford then handed the address to his Lordship. Canon Selwyn explained that though the welcome given to the Bishop was a diocesan matter, yet, as no doubt all the parishes would, as they had opportunity, welcome the Bishop specially, the three parishes of Newcastle had determined to take that opportunity, and with no thought of intruding purposed to present an address to the Bishop. He read the following address : To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Newcastle: Right Reverend Father in God We, the Incumbent and Parishioners of the three parishes of Newcastle- Christ Church, St John's, and St. James' desire to take this opportunity of expressing to you our cordial welcome to this the cathedral city of your diocese, in addition to the general welcome from the diocese just now given to you. We feel sure that you must have made many sacrifices in responding to the call addressed to you, to come over and help us and we venture to hope that our heartfelt expressions of aff estimate welcome ' in your first landing in our city, and the assurance that we shall at all times be prepared to second your efforts to the best of our ability, may have some compensating value. We are looking to you to help us to wipe away the reproach, which no doubt, j au will have already, felt, lies heavily on us, as regards his church in which you have this day ><e*n installed, Our late Diocesan devoted his attention to other objects, which he considered to be of primary importance, and left to his successor this great work, Your Lordship's advent. we firmly believe. will impart a strong impetus to this, and every other good work; and we con evidently anticipate that at no distant period you and we shall have the happy less of beholding one but cathedral, Downing one of the finest sites in the world, in which Bishop, clergy, and laity may unite to worship God is the beauty of holiness. We can assure you that churchmen here are waiting to be led by you, in every work of faith and labour of love, and there is nothing which they more desire than to have your Lordship frequently course amongst them to tell them what they ought to do, At all times we shall make it our earnest!, endeavour to obey with a glad mind and will your Rodly admonitions, for we know that such obedience is not only honorable and due to you, but due also to ourselves and to God. Assuring you that it will be our constant prayer that, in the exercise of your office in our Bissop, you may be endued with power from on high to feed the Church of God, over which the Holy Ghest hath made you overseer, we subscribe ourselves your faithful servants and Brethren in Christ Jesus. [Signed by the incumbent U and office beams.] He would venture to add a few words. The proceedings of the two days were not merely formal and of course : they would bear fruit. The fruit he hoped they would bear was the erection of a cathedral, respecting which they might have Mrs. Pearson saying " My dear, what a noble building." That was the fruit he wanted to see. He hoped the building of the cathedral would be the bishop's first work the erection of a noble, a commodious building, to which the Bishop will be glad to see the people come. A fine cathedral might be made a real bond of brotherhood. He felt that that meeting had inaugurated a new state of things. The late Bishop took up other work-the building of the cathedral. was not his work. That he left to his successor. But he thought it safe to say that the present Bishop will first of all be active in building up the material fabric of the church, as well as in the building up of the spiritual temple of the Lord. The jet address contained the hopes and aspirations of of the three parishes of Newcastle, and he hoped the Bishop would receive them as expressing the kindliest feelings towards him, and their desire to be led by him. (Applause.) The Bishop of Newcastle said Mr. Archdeacon, my Lord Bishop of Sydney, my brethren of the clergy and laity, I remember that a friend of mine came to England from a visit to Canada. His report was that he found the people there more English than the people of England they were so hearty, so hospitable, so kind in every way to a stranger. I think he would have been able to bring back an equally satisfactory report if his steps had been turned towards Australia instead of Canada. (Cheers ) I speak no words of course, but words I feel from the very bottom of my heart, when I say I thank you for the kind welcome you have given us to-day and yesterday. "We came among you as strangers; already we feel that we are strangers no longer (applause.) If we look back upon the history of the Church in Australia I am not going to give you a lecture on that subject; you know more about it than I do I will just remind you of a few facts from the consideration of which you may take courage for the future. It was in J 829 I think when the first archdeacon was appointed in Australia. At that time the territory contained only 60,000 people, scattered over this island continent, and barely a dozen clergy. One archdeacon and about a dozen clergy. It was seven years after that that the predecessor of our revered Metropolitan was raised from the rank of archdeacon to the order of a bishop, and the description which he gives of the state of the country during his visitations, as to what state he found the church, will form a striking contrast to what we may see and read of to-day. Where counties were without a church and without a clergyman-in some there was a clergyman but no church, in others one clergyman and one church. There was no adequate provision for the spiritual needs of the population, which was even then increasing fast. Now, through the good guidance and blessing of God upon the efforts of the clergy and the laity, you have in a manner transplanted the English Church to these Southern Shores. (Hear, hear.) This diocese was for a long time about five times the size of Great Britian. I assure you, that looking back at the life of my predecessor, I feel almost appalled at the work which he must have gone through, and at the continuing labours to which he devoted himself from year to year. (Applause.) Some reference has been made to the kind of provision to the diocese which he made, and that which he did not make. I have been very much struck with the provision and its character. He seems to me to have shown a most laudable preference of the substantial to the showy. There is no fine cathedral, but there is no small settlement without its little village church (hear hear) so that that the inhabitants of remote districts are not cut off from means of grace. In his looking forward to the future he was most anxious to provide permanently for the support of pastors and teachers in various districts. Running through all his work there was a thought of perman- ence, of substantial good, which we cannot ' -? too much admire. And in thinking of what has been done, and what not, I think we must give each" his word of admiration. / 5 him who looked at the real needs of the / topic and not at what would merely make a pretty picture (applause ) At the same time quite agree with Canon Selwyn that the time has come for building a cathedral. (Hear, hear.) For one reason I should almost regret this building, for I think this diocese is unique in the possession of such a structure daughter and applause.) I have seen many churches and none to equal that (renewed laughter.) I do not think that when speaking of building a cathedral, I should look merely to see a building which would ornament the town, and in which what we may call the elegant part of church life would be carried on. I look upon a cathedral as something more than a handsome church, where the services are of an ornate character ; I think that it should be the centre of warmth and of life to the whole diocese. (Applause.) If I thought that in advocating this building in your city I was injuring any bush parish in a remote part of the diocese, or drawing off attention from that practical and substantial work to which my predecessor devoted his time and energy and wealth ; if I thought I was asking people to think of the material structure when they should be building up the living temples of the Lord in the Sunday-school and in the day school, or in any other kind of Christian effort, I would have nothing more to do with it. But I think that a cathedral with its ' staff be far as one can carry out the idea of a cathedral in the circumstances of a new j country, should prove a great benefit, not only to Newcastle but to every parish in the diocese. First of all, it is most important that the bishop, and especially one coming from another land, and a stranger to the necessities of his position, should have around him faithful counsellors. These are known as the chapter. Of course we are accustomed to speak of the dean and chapter. But I believe we should be more true to the original intention of the church if we spoke of the Bishop and chapter. The chapter should be counsellors of the Bishop when he is puzzled, as no doubt he often will be puzzled. Then the cathedral should set the type of worship to the churches of the diocese. No doubt it is difficult to secure uniformity of ritual in a diocese where some of the districts are so remote. Yet in such points as singing (hear, hear) the cathedral might set an example. Then from the cathedral you might get help by making it a centre of life to that large class to whose labours we are so much in- debted the lay readers. If they were brought up to the cathedral, attended service there, received some instruc- tion from the elder clergy, and had addresses delivered to them in the cathedral, they would go back to their parishes with freshened life and energies. One point I should like to lay a little stress upon. You must look forward to having the cathedral free and open to all corners. (Hear, hear.) You-nmst pay the price of a little discomfort for having the cathedral ; you must be content to give up some slight local privilege for the honor and pleasure of having such a building as we hope to see in your midst. It would be a grand thing if you should help some Bailey to think of home and home influences, by being made to feel welcome in your church. Hear, hear.) I think in this way, as a centre of teaching, as setting an example of worship to the diocese, as a spot round which our diocesan associations can gather, you Would find throughout the diocese great blessings flowing from this contemplated building and its adjuncts. Canon Selwyn spoke as if I were to build the cathedral. But it will be a great deal better for us to do it. It must be done in fact that way, if at all. Do not forget these little hints speak more especially to our wealthy brethren : act upon them while they are tolerably warm and fresh. (Laughter and applause.) I do, thank you most heartily for your welcome to Newcastle. I trust that by God's blessing, you will not regret this day's proceedings. (Hear, hear.) I will try as much as lies in me, to follow in the steps of him who worked so hard for you. Of course I do not pretend that I shall do exactly as he did all men do not see things in the same light. (Hear, hear.) I have much to learn. I have heard about that wonderful synodic an action and consensual compacts and other things, which sounded to me as words in a foreign tongue. I have no doubt I shall get into it in time. Especially I have to thank the elder clergy, those with whom I have already been brought in special contact, for their kindness. I have felt from the time I came here that they have received me warmly, and I believe I can depend upon their hearty co-operation in time to come (hear, hear.) And now I should like to say how much I sympathise with what is going to be done next. I have had much communication with Archdeacon Child. I should like before this large assembly to thank him for his personal kindness and for the trouble he has been at in giving me instructions and advice, and in bringing me safely to Newcastle. (Hear, hear.) He has counted no trouble too great in the way of correspondence, and I cannot tell you in detail how kind and helpful he has been to me. So that I sympathise most heartily with the address that I believe is to be presented to him. And, as As Archdeacon's modesty will not permit him to call upon any gentleman to read the address to him, I will do so. I ask Canon Selwyn to read the address Canon Selwtw said he gladly, as one of the oldest clergymen, undertook the duty of reading the address to the Archdeacon. He knew that it expressed the sentiments of every clergyman in the diocese who had been for the past twelve months of so under the guidance of the Archdeacon. It was a simple duty they owed to him and to themselves, to state publicly the feeling they entertained towards one who had worked with unwearying assiduity in carrying out not only the ordinary work of the diocese but in preparing the way for the arrival of the Bishop. The labour had been immense, and it had been performed in a most admirable manner. He would now read the address To the Venerable Coles Child, B.A., Archdeacon of Newcastle, Vicar-General and Administrator of the Diocese during the first vacancy of the See. While we have been engaged in offering our welcome and congratulations to the Bishop of Newcastle on his arrival in the Diocese, we are not un- mindful of the anxious duties which have incessantly occupied your attention during the vacancy of the See. We desire to assure you that we recognise with brotherly regard and appreciation the patience, zeal, and untiring assiduity with which you have discharged the onerous duties pertaining to your office of Vicar-General and Administrator of the Diocese, and we feel that in their performance you have been actuated by a conscientious desire to advance the story of God, and the welfare of our beloved Church. ash In the exercise of your functions as Archdeacon we trust that you will be guided by the Divine wisdom and love, and that all your efforts will tend to our still further edification and praying that you may be long spared to continue your useful labours among us, we subscribe ourselves your faithful brethren in Christ. (Signed by the Clergy and Laity). Mr. E. W. Thompson also bore testimony to the unwearied assiduity with which the Archdeacon had performed the duty cast upon him during the vacancy of the see. He had great pleasure, on behalf of the laity, in supporting the address. The ABonnEAOOir thought his services had been too highly rated. He could not however have performed them at all if it had not been for the help of the Metropolitan and the co-operation of the clergy. He thanked them for their kind address, and could only say he was sensible of many imperfections. He had endeavoured to do his duty, and he had many difficulties to encounter. Among other labours, he had been obliged to fill six cases during the time he administered the affairs of the diocese. It had never fallen to the lot of the late Bishop to do so in the same space of time. Allusion was made in the address to his future duties as archdeacon. All he could say was that he was at the disposal of the Bishop. With respect to the Cathedral, they must join with united purpose and earnest action, must surrender all hope of ' aid from the coalmine, and must put their hands in their pockets if they wanted to see the cathedral built. Another point was that in some way or other provision must be made for the further subdivision of parishes, and the supply of additional clergymen. Out of the twenty nine clergymen of the diocese, twenty- five were preset that day. But twenty-nine were not sufficient for the work that was large and growing, and the laity must provide the means for providing additional clergy- men. There were other matters he might touch upon such as the training of clergy- men,' religious instruction in Public schools, but he would refrain. He thanked them for the address. Canon White, as one of the bush clergy- men, had to thank the Bishop of Sydney, for the interest he had taken in the proceed- ings of those two days. The service of the installation was one of the most impressive and interesting that he (Canon White) was ever present at. He believed that service would do incalculable good. For the share in it which the Bishop of Sydney had taken, he deserved their best thanks. He could not help seeing in the notarial act of consecra- tion, in the mandate of the Metropolitan, and in the installation of the Bishop in the Cathedral church of the diocese, the links which bound the Church in the colonies with the church in England. The Bishop of Newcastle was consecrated according to the mandate of the Queen, the head of the Church in England, by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Primate of the church and then, in compliance with the mandate of the Metropolitan, in which the Metropolitan defined his position in the Church in the colonies, was installed and formally inducted into possession of his see. That was one function of the Metropolitan which the Bishop of Sydney might claim-to act as a connecting link between the Church of England and the Church in the colonies, and also as a connecting link between the different dioceses in the province, and thus to manifest the oneness of the Church. That was a most important function. The Bishop of Sydney deserved their warmest thanks for the loving words he had spoken of their late bishop. The way in which Dr. Barker had described the character of their late bishop was most touching. He had truly read that character. Under a cold exterior there had beat a warm and affectionate heart. His kindness to little children was very marked, and children were always attracted to him. He thanked the bishop for the trouble he had taken, and also thanked Mrs. Barker for having accompanied her husband. (Applause.) The Bishop of Sydney augured from the fact that bishop, clergy and people all talked, as Englishmen usually do, of duty, that the work of the diocese would prosper. Their great want was a cathedral. Might he remind them of the proverb If you want anything done, do it yourself." (Laughter.) He did not think the coalmine would build the cathedral. Brother was it a great hindrance to its having been built. If fifteen years ago, they had never had the smallest prospect of return from that coal mine, it would have been better for the chances of the cathedral. If it had been deluged with water, or set on fire, or had never existed, the cathedral might have been in existence at this day (laughter.) He did not quarrel with endowments: they were very good things. But where there was a belief that an inexhaustible fund existed that would one day build the cathedral, people buttoned up their pockets, and said " Go to the coalmine." (Laughter). They had been kind to him, so he would presume and take a liberty with them. He would say " Forget everything about the coalmine, and arise and build, or as was said hundreds of years ago Do'." He hoped they would act while the feeling was warm within their breasts which what had been said had kindled. Would any gentleman give £500? Would any lady- men were so mean ; they always fell back on the ladies engage to collect £100 The thing might be done if they were in earnest. As for the coalmine, he was in some doubt whether, if he were referred to as Metropolitan he could say they were right in using up what was capital for building purposes :.? he might say that all they ought to spend was the interest. But of one thing he was certain, that while they depended on the coalmine the cathedral would never be built. The services he had rendered had been overrated. He had merely done his duty. He was greatly interested in that occasion. He looked forward to much benefit from the residence of the bishop in the diocese. The bishop would find the value of his wife as a helper and comforter. And they should remember their bishop in their prayers. They should bear him up in their hearts and bring him often up to God, with his hopes and joys and troubles. Then great blessings would follow from his residence. He believed that by their bishop the Church of England would be fully maintained. He meant the Protestant reformed Church of England. (Continued applause.) Their late bishop was the ideal of a class of clergymen existing in England in his time, and many still remain there. He was a sound Protestant (hear, hearts warm lover of the Church of England, with no sympathy with advanced ritual. He hoped the clergy would second the efforts of the present bishop to maintain that just proportion, that medical course which the Church of England has ever held between the Church of Rome on the one hand and non- conformity with the Church of England on the other. (Applause ) They had his best wishes, and he returned them his best thanks. The Rev. W. S. Wrxsoir proposed that the thanks of the meeting should be given to the laity for their exertions, not only in those reception proceedings but also in the general work of the diocese. The proceedings which had marked the reception of the bishop were successful because the laity had been enthusiastic. It had been said the bishop had been brought to the diocese by the act of the laity. That was scarcely the case. It so happened that two gentlemen were before the Synod, but when it was manifest in which direction the hand of God pointed the whole Synod tried to follow it. The bishop was the bishop neither of the clergy or the laity, but the bishop of the whole diocese, chosen by the Synod of the diocese, and the diocese would co-operate with him in his work. The speaker, who concluded that the large number of elections to Synod showed great increase of zeal among the lay members of the Church, proceeded to point out how the general work of the laity in the diocese might be systematised. The Church might look to the laity for greater help in the support of the clergy, especially seeing that by the forethought of the late bishop much of the burdens pressing in other dioceses had here been lightened ; lay members of the church might also take a portion of the evangelical work off the shoulders of the clergy ; women's work in the Church could be reduced to a more rigid system and godly mothers might by devoting one of their children from the cradle to the service of God make provision for the future supply of clergymen for the Church. x < -I The Rev. John Shaw supported the proposition. Mr. H. B. Cotton responded and promised £105 to the Cathedral fund. 2 The Rev. W. H. H. YABanroxow proposed a vote of thanks to the reception committee. The Rev. John Dixon and Mr. H. D. Portus responded. The proceedings closed with the singing of the evening hymn and the episcopal benedic- tion. 