PORTFOLIO. It is the life of the spirit which can alone make the mind noble and the body pure. Walk in the spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lusts of the flesh. That joy of the Holy Ghost-even if it be born for us of darkness and tribulations,-is pos sible to us all. Let us not accuse nature or fate ; nay, let us accuse ourselves. Are we unhappy 1 If so, may ther e e no cause for this in the pride which despises, the supineness which will not grasp, the blind ness which will not see, the weakness and wickedness which deprave and defile the gifts of God ? Or mnty it not beho that ivo are looking for happiness in wrong directions? Or may it not be agahi, that we ought to 1 he willing to resign happiness and look for blessecdness instead? And are there any ; other secrets of blessedness but love to God and love to our neighbour? \hy should we not try, each in our own little I sphere, to snake the world better for us, to utilise and subdue its forces, to expel its loathliest diseases, to centuple its no blest sources of happiness, to assuage its least tolerable pains? If this seem too grand an aim for our feebleness, can we ( not at leILset try to be ourselves humble and forgiving, diligent and faithful, kind and pure of heart ' We can ; we ought ; all that we lack is the power to say we will. God gives that power as He gives all things else, seeing that He giveoth His Holy Spirit to them that seek Him. The laws of nlature are the laws of God, and the laws of God are beneficent laws: If I man is so miserable, if all creation groans, if " the world's history is the world's jutdgmunt," it is because we refuse the lessons of nature, and violate the com anndmeuts of God. Oh, lot us try to take away with us this lesson,--not only for ourselves individually, but in order better to serve our brethren,--that the laws of health, the laws of temperance, the laws of purity, the laws of content mont, will lead us straight back upon tlhe road to the paradise of God ; and that if, as we approach its gates, God's two. great Angels of Reason and Conscience hold us by the hand, against the ingress of those high powers the flaming sword of the Cherubimn will cease to wave ;-nay the Avenging Cherubimn will bow their heads before them ; and, guided and blest, our path will lie straight onward to the Tree of Life.--Canon Farrar. . 'iuas the expectation of Christ's second coming restrained you in the hour of temptation, lost He should say at last, " Doepart from Mloe, I never knlow you ?" 'Have you been encouraged inl Christ's ser vice by the assurance that "Whosoever shall confess Him before men, him shall the Son of Manu also confess before the angels of God " Ifave you so far realised to yourselves His promise, "Surely I coem quickly," as to be ready to reply, "Even so, come Lord Jesus " Tlleso were the feelings of the apostolic ago, and we must not rest satisfied with our state as Christians till we have made those feel 5 ings our own.-Bishop Sumner. 