The Mind Reader. Professor Rice gave some «tartling proofs of his power as a mind-reader before a good audience at Mr. Oracle's Royal Assembly Booms,' Cooma, on Saturday evening. Put to the most severe tests, he succeeded in discover ing the articles that had been se creted. ,A piece of^paper was brought out of a young man'u pocket, where it had been hidden by a lady ; a gentleman put a plug of tobacco in another's pocket, and the Professor ferreted it out. Other gentlemen placed pencil cases and so on in the pockets of friends, and Professor Bice led them to the articles. The only thing that baffled the mind reader was an editor's white hat, but he pitched upon a good substitute, the smooth, bald head of a Oeged zerick gentleman. Where the Pro fessor did not actually succeed in extricating from the inner pockets littlfe articles that had been secreted, he jhad no hesitation in naming them. '' Professor Eico .was applauded frequently, and gave Bati.sfaction .to all. ; His ability aa .a reader of .the minB in astonishing, and his claim to transfer pictures from any man's brain to his own has been fully sub stantiated in Cooina. . His sleight of-hand and conjuring performances are worthy of note. Hie causes a silk; handerchief to be firmly knotted by one of the audience, places it on a table with one hand on each' side, and the handerchief rises and falls to the floor ' with not a knot in it. : The Davenport cabinet, trick was UUIIC uuiuugilt . jl luicgo^i i.viuoa ua' posure of spiritualism is unique in itself. He -enters the /cabinet and shows how., the Katie., King ghqst illusion is worked. With his neck fastened to one side, he causes all sorts of. figures t) appear, and ft ghost strides the platform. Since the Pro fessor's' exposure of several conjuring tricks, there are about a (score of people who fancy 'they can do them, but these wili not p'erfo'rhi in public. The characters of several in the audience were given correctly, with certain reservations inat'./thV. Pro fessor left for charts. The .enter tainment commenced at 8 o'clock, and it was nearly midnight before it was concluded. Another intellectual treat : was , given by Professor Rice on Monday evening beforeagood audience. The tests of mind-reading were numer ous, and in all cases but two were highly successful. ' -A blear expose oT spiritual b icks was given. The pro-' fesspr expri'.ssed himself1 'satisfied with the reception' be had received, and announced a new programme for Tuesday^njght. .'-',' .'...,?;, , ,';; A report wascircuuiatea m uooma on Saturday night that Miss Monta gae,%Qreeh Hills, had accidentally ?svvji)lowfed some poison that was' ^eing jappliedi to_ relieve toothache.! Her Jb^her came inte* Cooma for |me%oy^l|lj^Dr. Donoyan jtells r.us It was please of serere illn6ss;-but nbtarising'frompoison. ; Ourxeaders ^{1, ^#la^f|to-*now : ithat 'Miss' Montague^ indisposition r5was 'sbnti iewpmary.^\'i^.l- / ? .??-';.? ? .???- 