EPILOGUE. Chapter I.— After Twelve Years. After twelve years — twelve eventful years in the history of the world ! Years of war and peace, of gain and loss, of change, and sunshine, and storm. In India the last fires of the mutiny had been stamped out. In Abyssinia, the taking of Magdala had been followed by the tragic death of King Theodore. Nearer home, the French and Sardinian armies had won back the Lombard provinces, and 'Victor Emmanuel had become King of Italy. But the war between France and Prussia, the fall of the Napoleonic dynasty, the rise of the German Empire, were yet to come. On the other hand, some bloodless changes had happened which, although they left the political map of Europe unaltered, may be said in another sense to have revolutionised the map of the whole world. Cities the most distant, nationalities the most diverse, had been brought together by a network of rails and wires ; while the Mont Cenis Tunnel, the Suez Canal, and the Atlantic cable had abolished the natural boundaries of mountain and desert and sea. Such, in outline, were the main events that marked the pro cession of those twelve years across the stage of history. Upon that minor stage occupied by the personages with whose fortunes we are here concerned, no startling changes, whether for good or ill, have meanwhile taken place. With Lancelot and Winifred, the course of true love has run with , a smoothness that sets the time-honoured proverb at defiance. 1 Blessed in their home, in their children, in each other, they are happy themselves, and a source of happiness to those around them. Under their beneficent rale, a flourishing colony has sprung up on Burfield Moor. Consisting at first of only the church, schools, vicarage, and about a score of cottages, the new district has, during these twelve years, assumed the aspect of a large, though scattered village, and numbers a population of some eight hundred souls. It would be too much to sav that all the ' dark folk' have become members of this decent community. Many of the old stock are still unreclaimed ; and not even Mr. Penne feather, whose successhasalready surpassed his own warmest hopes, anticipates that he shall live to see the day when the Plants and Stanways will leave off poaching and pilfering, and settle down into respectable rent- and-tax-payers like the reBt. Mr. Pennefeather, it is needless to add, is the most devoted, the most earnest of North-country parsons. That which his hand finds to do, he doeB with all his might ; and his might, both physically and morally, is greater than the might of most men. It is, at all events, adequate to that work which is the labour and the crown of his life. As for Mrs. Pennefeather, she says herself that she is too happy. Her children flourish in the free air of the moor ; and her two elder boys, having won their scholarships at school, are now graduating at Cambridge. The ' baby,' long since deposed by newer claimants to that title, is at Rugby. The ' baby ' is Lady Brackenbury's especial pro tege, and owes his school expenses to her bounty. In the meanwhile, Mrs. Pennefeather, having now many sixpences a year to spend as she likes, is in her way, as active and helpful as Mr. Pennefeather himself. Her way, too, is a very pleasant way. Her sympathies are quick, and she has 'a hand open as day for melting charity.' It is, after all, not wonderful if her genial nature should command more ready love than the sterner virtues of her husband. She is still, despite time and altered circumstances, Lady Brackenbury's I dearest friend ; and to Lady Brackenbury she has confided something of the plot of that yet unwritten novel which is to show the world how well she can write under the burden of prosperity. The Brackenburys, during these twelve years, have lived principally at Brackenbury Court, on their own lands and among their own people. They sometimes travel for a coupie of months in the autumn, and it is their habit to spend a few weeks every season at some London hotel ; but they have no town house, and not till their children are of an age to go into society do they pro pose to indulge in that expensive luxury.* The world— or that small, self-constituted body which calls itself the world — wonders why Lord Brackenbury does so little with his wealth. He keeps a sufficient establishment, it is true ; he entertains, not extravagantly, but hospitably : he fills his housenow and then for a few weeks with visitors ; he subscribes liberally to the hunt and local charities ; but he does not spend his money so freely as ' the world' conceives it should be spent by a nobleman with £20,000 a year to his rent- roll. Lord and Lady Everton of Toffee, who, it is well known, are no richer than the Brackenburys, give twice as many dinner-parties ; and the princely hospitalities of Mr. Fink and Countess Castel rosso are the glory of the county. Balls, hunt-breakfasts, picnics, garden-parties, private theatricals, are the atmo sphere in which the popular couple live and have their being. Who, np in the 'north countree,' ever thought of giving a daylight ball with a dancing-floor laid down upon the lawn, till this beautiful American came from the far west to teach our English country gentlefolk how to enjoy the good the gods provide them ? Who ever before invited 200 people to a Twelfth-night feast, and entertained them with a Masque of Ben Jon son's in a hall lighted by fifty torch-bearers in the costume of old English beef-eaters ? Who ever had the Freneh actors down from London, or engaged a military band a dozen times in the course of the year ? Why, asked ' the world,' why did not the Brackenburys follow this admirable example, and do something really enterprising for society in i general ? What the world did not know, and did not even guess, was that Lancelot Brackenbury still looked upon him self as ' a steward.' A steward he had called himself that evening when Mr. Marrables carried his point, twelve ' vears and more ago ; and a steward, in his heart of I hearts, he still deemed himself. That more than seventeen ; years should have gone by since his brother's disappearance ! weighed with him not one jot. Five years after that dis | appearance he had seen him — seen him face to face in the | flesh. He was alive then ; why should he not be alive now ? , Come what might, Lancelot would never cease to believe that he was living till he knew him to be dead. ' It was a subject upon which he and Winifred seldom evoke. His vehemence had so impressed her at first, that ehe believed he had in very truth met Cuthbert Bracken burv that night of the great eruption. But when nothing | more came of it, and when the Petrucelli familyweresought ont and questioned, and all questioning proved fruitless— then Winifred began to think that, in the excitement of the moment, her husband had-been mistaken. As for Mr. Fink, he treated the whole thing as an illusion. He also saw the man, and he would not admit that there was any ground, however slight, for Lord Brackenbury's tdee fixe. The man was a big, rough, common -looking man no more hke the lost lord than he was himself like Hercules. So, by and-bye, finding that his wife and his only witness _were both incredulous, Lancelot dropped the subject, and Wim fred hoped, after awhile, that he had forgotten it. But he never forgot it ; and his conviction never wavered. And now Lancelot and Winifred had been twelve years married ; and twelve years and six months have passed since Mr. Marrables prevailed upon Lancelot to prove Tus brother's will; and seventeen years and one month have eone by since Cuthbert, Lord Brackenbury, bought his ffjpyin rmnR in Genoa and vanished from the high road between Borghetto and La Spezzia. ? It is May — the second day of May, and the Brackenburys are still at Brackenbury Court, though intending to go up to town in tbe course of another week. Lancelot has been out since half -past five this beautiful fresh May morning, and Lady Brackenbury is walking to and fro on the lawn outside the breakfast-room windows. Time has dealt tenderly with this Winifred whom the critical Cochrane was fain to admire when she fed her pigeons in the courtyard at Langtrey Grange. More than ever now should she nave been painted by that excellent limner, Paris Bordone. Her figure has acquired the gracious stateliness which so especially characterises Bordone's noble Venetian ladies. The red gold in her chestnut hair catches the sun-light as she walks. Her long skirt sweeps after her like a tram. One would like to see her dressed in the true Venetian style, in a robe of white and gold brocade, with a feather fan in her hand, and a rope of pearls twisted in the loose coils of her hair. . , , Suddenly, the breakfast-room door is opened; ana a gentleman comes across the room, and out through the open window. ' At last ! ' she says, gladly. i ' At last, dearest. You have not waited for me ?' ' We waited till nine ; and then the boys were so hungry that they would have eaten me, if I had not rung for break fast. B ut you must be hungry, too ?' ' ' Tremendously.' ' And old Lois ?' ' She died about twenty minutes after I got there— quite painlessly and unconsciously. It was a mere ceasing of the breath. No more.' ' And she said nothing ?' ' She muttered something once ; but it was almost in audible. I fancied I caught the word ' fire,' and I thought, perhaps, she was dreaming of her grandmother -at the stake.' ' And— vou are disappointed, Lancelot ( ' ' Well, no,' he replies, with an impatient sigh. ' No thing in that way disappoints me now. I expect nothing. I have given up expecting anything. Still, as she had once spoken — years ago — there was just a chance that she might speak again. Anyhow, I am glad I was there when she died.' With this, he looked at his watch, remarked that it was more than half-past ten, and turned back to the breakfast room. As he took his seat at the table, the door flew open and three noisy boys, one carrying a post- bag, burst into the room. ' Incursion of the barbarians ! ' said Lancelot, laughing. ' There now ! don't all talk at once. Well, Cuthbert, what about that pony ? ' ' I've just been round to the stables, papa. Carter says I musn't ride him for two or three days ; but Sam Leigh has looked at his foot, and so have I, and we don't either of us believe there's anything the matter with it ! ' ' If Carter says you musn't ride him, my boy, there is no appeal. Sam Leigh's opinion is worth a trifle less than nothing ; and as for you— you are a baby.' ' A baby ! You call a fellow who was eleven last birth day a baby! Herbert and Wilfred are babies, if you like!' Whereupon Herbert, 'aged seven, and Wilfred, aged five, make an indignant raid upon the buttered toast, and retire laden with spoil. 'We are waiting for papa to open the post-bag,' says Lady Brackenbury, pouring out her husband's coffee. So Lancelot unlocks the bag, and transfers the duty of sorting its contents to his wife. 'Two for Miss Purcell' (Miss Purcell is the younger boys' governess) ; ' three for you, Lancelot, and ever so many — seven, I declare ! — for me ; to say nothing of papers and pamphlets. Mine look like invitations. Yours look like business — No ! this one is Mr. Cochrane's writing.' Lancelot laid his three letters beside his plate, and went on chatting with his boys and eating his breakfast. Lady Brackenbury, opening her own budget, announced the con tents of each letter as she read it. ' From the Frenchays— an invitation to dine on the six teenth ; we shall be gone to town. Afternoon party at the Endells' on the ninth — the very day we have fixed tor start ing. Countess Castelrosso, for the eighth— ( to meet the American Minister; a Transatlantic breakfast. Midday.' What does she mean by a Transatlantic breakfast ? Well, we have no engagement, and it is sure to be^something new and pleasant. Shall 1 say we will go ? ' Lancelot does not answer. The boys have seen a rabbit cross the lawn, and have rushed out with a whoop and a halloo ; and now he is looking at his letters. The first he opens is short, . and- written in a smooth, clear, hand. He knows the handwriting well ; it is the handwriting of Mr. Gilbert Blake, who is Mr. Marrables' junior and acting partner. The next, from the same writer, encloses a letter which looks very long and business-like, and is written on Bath-post paper. All these Lancelot reads in turn, looking grave the while, and somewhat perplexed. His gravity and his perplexity seem to increase as he reads on. 'Yonr letters do not annoy you, dear?' says Lady Brackenbury, anxiously. ' Well, yeB— a little. Marrables wants to see me ; and it is a bore to have to go over to Singleton to-day.' | 'To-day?' j ' So he says ; if I can spare time to ride over.' | ' But, after being called up this morning at five, and riding fourteen miles before breakfast . . . .' ' Oh, that's nothing ! ' ' Marrables' business cannot be very urgent. Why not go to- morrow ? ' ' It is Blake who writes. He says Marrables will him self be at the office to-day — a rare event, rather ; for the old man seldom goes to business now. No ; I will go to day.' Then, noting an enquiring look upon her face, he adds, carelessly : — ' It's about some old claim or other. I don't quite understand it.' ' You have not opened Mr, Cochrane's letter yet.' ' By Jove ! No. I had forgotten it.' Ana so he opens his third letter ; from which, as he un folds it, a couple of newspaper cuttings fall out. 'What have we here, I wonder ? ' But at the first printed words which meet his eye, his face flushes darkly. He crushes them in his hand; glances through the letter ; thrusts them all together into his pocket ; and, rising hastily, says: — ' Don't ask me about Cochrane's letter, Winifred— at least, not now. It's all about talk and club scandals— neither amusing nor edifying.' ' I don't care in the least for town talk or club scandals,' replies Lady Brackenbury, smiling ; 'and I never desire to know anything that you would rather not tell me. Am I not the best of wives r ' ' The best in the world ! — but then you have the best of husbands. ' ' I know, at all events, that I have a husband who never keeps a real secret from me.' Then Lancelot rings for Church — the same grave and reverend Church — and sends word round to the stables that he will have ' Duchess May *' saddled immediately. His shortest way to Singleton lies under The Ridge, past Abel Brunf s cottage, and through those same green lanes in which Winifred met Lettice Leigh the day after old Miss Langtrey was buried. How all things have changed since then ! The cottage, no longer a ruin, is a comfortable dwelling inhabited by one of me Brackenbury gamekeepers, and Abel Brunt's ghost is as dead as himself. Lettice Leigh has taken Joan's place at Langtrey Grange, where Bridget i (now very old and infirm) reigns with undivided sway as housekeeper and care-taker. ' Little Sam, ' a. strappi^^ la3 of sixteen, is in Lancelot's geryice-aa a,, Bfabte-halp-*4ag Court; and Joan, married to the Danebndge blacksraiai) IB the mother of seven sturdy boys and girls. . But Lancelot is thinking of his letters, and hot ox hip flight of time; and presently, when he comes to the green lanes, he lets ' Duchess May ' drop into a walk, while he reads them all again. First come the two from. Mr. Blake. So. I. ' Singleton, May 1, 18— ' Dear Lord Brackenbury, , , , . . . _ ' Mr. Marrables requests me to say that he would be glad to confer with you upon a matter of business when con venient. He would have the pleasure of waiting upon yon, but that the business, he conceives, will be better discussed at our office. If you will kindly name an early day, my partner will come into Singleton to meet you. 'I am, dear Lord Brackenbury, yours faithfully, ' Gilbert Blake. 'To Lord Brackenbury.' No. II. 'Dear Lord Brackenbury, ' Singleton, May 1, 18— ' Since I wrote you this morning, I have received the enclosed communication from Messrs. fawcett, Clarke, ana Fawcett. As the matter to which Mr. Marrables had pro nosed to draw your attention seems to be assuming paver proportions, I think it would be well d you could favour us with a visit to-morrow, . the 2nd instant. In the hope that it may be convenient to you to come over here, Mr. Marrables will be at the office between 11 a.m. and ^ We regret being obliged to break so delicate a matter to you by letter; having fully intended to reserve the dis closure of the business in hand for a viva voce explanation. ' 1 may add that, although we had heard some singular reports, and knew that Messrs. Fawcett, Clarke, and Fawcett were busying themselves in the matter, this is the first direct communication we have received from the firm. 'I am, my dear Lord Brackenbury, yours faithfully, « Gilbert Blake. ' To Lord Brackenbury.' Singleton, May 1, 18 — . ii T)ear Sfrfl ' We have received instructions to address to you, as solicitors to the Brackenbury family, a communica tion which will doubtless be a matter of as much surprise to you as in fact the circumstances caused to ourselves when we received instructions in the matter. The disappearance and supposed death of Cuthbert Lord Brackenbury seventeen years ago, have now been accepted as facts for so long a time that at first sight we could hardly credit what we are now in a position to announce to you as a matter of certainty — namely, that he is alive and in England. The documen tary evidence which he has placed in our hands (comprising various letters from Miss Winifred Savage (to whom his lordship was formerly engaged in marriage) : letters from his steward, his brother, and various friends ; besides a large number of hotel bills, memoranda, and other papers of great importance, including an inventory of certain diamonds, &c.;, &c.;) places his identity beyond doubt ; and we therefore submit the proposal we are instructed to make before his brother through you with every confidence that it will be accepted. . _ . ' We have to explain in the first instance that Lord Brackenbury's object is not to disturb the existing arrange ments. At the time when he was supposed to have fatten into the hands of brigands, he had in fact taken _ steps to indulge his taste for a wandering life, and has since that time been travelling in different parts of the world. He had purchased some valuable diamonds shortly before the time of bis disappearance ; and upon the proceeds of this purchase he has been living up to the present time. ' We are instructed to address this communication to your client in a friendly spirit, and although our client is in a position if he pleased to claim his estates and dignities, be wishes us to convey to you the assurance that such is not his intention. As however he has expended during^ hia travels the greater portion of the money which he derived from the sale of the diamonds, he finds himself in need of further supplies, and is reluctantly obliged, to apply to his brother for a portion of the property of which he might, if he thought well, claim the whole. We' are instructed therefore to inform you that if yo4r client- will place £25,000 at his brother's disposal, that sum will meet all Ids needs; and having received it, he will disturb him no -6 further. ' You will of course accept this letter as without preju dice in case the proposal we have made is not accepted. ' We are, dear Sirs, Yours truly, 'Fawcett, Clarke, and Fawcett. ' To Messrs. Marrables and Blake.' So much for Mr. Blake's letters, and for the astounding communication of Fawcett, Clarke, and Fawcett. This last he reads twice over, and each time with more pain and more wonder. Then he goes through Cochrane's note once more. ' Imperator^Club, May 1, 18 — . ' My dear Brackenbury, ' I have been thinking of writing to you for the last week ; but though I have twice taken up my pen to do so, I have twice laid it down again — not knowing, in truth, how to put the thing I wanted to say. . To-day, however, my attention having been called to a paragraph in The Court Herald (which I enclose),'! feel I should be wanting in my duty as a friend if I kept silence longer. The Tocsin cutting appeared some few days ago. As those concerned are always the last to hear reports of this kind, I conclude you know nothinjg about these ridi culous rumours which, I am sorry to say, have been flying about town for the last ten days or so. I would suggest your writing a few lines at once (for publication) to the editor of The Court Herald. As for the Tocsin, it is such a scurrilous print, and so little read in decent society, that it would perhaps be better left unnoticed. ' I am truly sorry, my dear friend, to be such a disagree able correspondent, but I thought you ought to know what is going on. 'Ever yours, ' Horace Cochrane. ' To the Lord Brackenbuiy. ' P.S. — Cuttings enclosed' : — From The Court Herald, May 1, 18 ? 'It is confidently rumoured that Lord B ? y, whoseextraordinary disappear ance under very suspicious circumstances was the fefc of Europe some seventeen years ago, has re-appeared to claim his title and estates. The claim is likely to be disputed, and Lord B ? y has, we understand, put his case into the hands of an eminent (north-country) legal firm.' From The Tocsin, April 26, 18 ? ' Another chapter is about to be added to the Romance of the Peerage. Lbrd Brackenbury, who waB lost on the Riviera with £30,000 worth of diamonds about his person on the 18th of April 18 — , proves to have been, after all, neither robbed nor murdered. Yielding to an ill-regulated taste for a nomadic life, he has, it would appear, spent his time and his money in wandering ,from Indus to the Pole;' but, weary o£ this vagabond existence, is shortly about to resume his place in society. That place, however, has for many years been filled by the present peer, his lordship's brother and heir presumptive, who will hardly vacate it without a struggle. The lawyers, it is said, are making active prepa rations on both sides.' 