A Religious Ceremony on the Banks of tbe Jordan. A full description of what is called the ' Immersion in Jordan water or the new baptismal ceremony' appears in the Sunday Mirror of June 19:— 'The Ceremony of Overcoming Temptation, which was initiated on Tuesday, the 7th, was, we are told, consummated on Sunday last. What began with fire ended with water. The typical destruction of carnality was naturally followed by the symbol of new birth. Fire killed and consumed the old man, Ijaplism evolved the new man. After Service in the Tabernacle the devotees congregated in the family Sanctuary. The minister took his . seat on the vedi and offered a short prayer to the toliowing effect : — ' Eternal Spirit, we Thy pilgrim servants, desire to go on pilgrimage to the Jordan, in the Holy Land, for our redemption's sake. We desire to be where, eighteen centuries ago, Jesus, Thy son, was baptized. Gratify, thou, our heart's longing, and guide us and cheer us in our pilgrimage.' The devotees then formed a procession, and solemnly moved on, singing a hymn with the accompaniment of the mridanga, the conch snelland cymbals, till they reached the bathing ghaut of the Kumal Sarabar, the tack attached to the Sanctuary. The place had been decorated with flowers and evergreens, and the flag of the New Dispensation was waving in the breeze. The devotees took their seats upon the steps of the ghaut ; the minister sat upon a piece of tiger's skin, stretched upon a wooden vedi erected for the occasion. Deep silence prevailed. It was near midday, the torrid sun burning overhead, when the minister — Babu Keshub Chunder Sen, we suppose — { ad- dressed his people,' delivering a long harangue. We have only space for the opening lines. * The minister ' 6aid : — ' Beloved brethren, we have come into the land of the Jews, alid we are seated on the bank of the Jordan. Let them that have eyes see. Verily, verily, here was the Lord Jesus bap tized eighteen hundred years ago. Behold the holy Waters wherein was the Son of God immersed. See ye here the blessed Jesus, and by his side John the Baptist, administer ing the rite of Baptism, and behold in the sky above the descent of the Holy Ghost. All three are here present, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, spiritually united. Pilgrim-brothers, mark their union to-dav on this hallowed spot, and see how the water shineth in celes tial radiance.' After this address the ' Singing Apostle' poured water on the minister's head. ( A number of earthera and metallic vessels were then filled with ' Santija ,' or Water of Peace. The minister came out of the water with his Kamandalu filled with the Water of Peace, and sprinkled it over the heads of the assembled devotees, all shouting to gether ' Peace, Peace, Peace.' Some of the devotees then reverently went through the Ceremony of Immersion, while the minister changing his dress put ou the ascetic's yellow robe. The whole party having left, a number of ladies and children of tbe New Dispensation came to the spot, and after Immersion and a short prayer, joyfully carried home the Vessels of Water.' ' 