. 'btrpS'';.' I ir.if J ?-?V.vlfr AGO^k -r.j.Mi j i i I [?] iCHH.'facOitlitifc-, (seemed:, to blankest | f-ibnd jbarronest; ^ .tliof o -vas , i ofl 'Biohard ' Tracey. Ho sat four seats from tlio front ot | . -tho .grafad-stand, tan'd* the i slight Bliadow 'ot pain which had been Upon him.froni' tho first ' ji-Bcomedito ihavo: deepened j into bowildermenp that carried a sense of ruin;; i Tracey 'a 1 drawn ! i / foaturqd' .^ere those - of- a maniwho had staked his last hopo and sawi it snafcched away. r ' CThb j.- vlttifc cryi-.and'.tHe .last cheeriofi the eeething ?;/' crowd- above jifid-bplow him was all that. had, ?' entered his mihd. , Ifc reverbehited tlirougli brain .and . thought i.withr echoes ; that i died (n?way;i^^ .bp^ ,, again— liko. the : o^gan.j pojd^ lilco ,,a . distant. ?tt.ft]os^er .qi^^fiko tho lyla^pf a multitiido.' Ho . ^^ad lpst^ and it wa^np, fonder , if . ,hia white. if) when he - felt absently, v,»fo£ , his jbp'ok, he could .npt,' fiij!d ' j The \- j Rf 'voices, itho. pebplo.'awayr bcfoi^o v ' .Roping cpu.r|Sp( p hat(' i'lid^ helped to ii^yadqfl by, .qa^0r^.tIl0,luan4^;l^ejd,; and there .woa ^ipfching presented xn^i^s*. atcad but ..blankness. j JBCo looked across the v, . beautiful Sprinc day,' . ovor the . rustic : and , ;[.j pf ;flu& and laughter/ and^nothidg j 1 j grcat numb) blanlt,Snth' 'a vdiiri * writing ' upon'it/'thai'.1 lie j'Know^but ' V(jidared not read. ( It was. a sentence of dhjgraco j ' ,.and aopml deatli'. ( yhere is 'no 'talp oftonpr. .jMitpla {thay' tm^not^ i^cwd no^elistsV bit . c,,Hpy oye^. ne^apappr in tpcj country. ( In tlipir. ;^coliimn8 ' is^to bo - 'seonj weok . by: iwcokj!the i 'i8a™A-H01$ 0f sliamo, ana sin' and bfokonnegs, w olways Vifcli .'tho* ( pamo j Wary/ surroundings,; r ;..®racey Wm liko mMy. ari6fchei\ ' 1 Alonb in thp world,' ho would have ' been brtivo 1 'enough po i v , Bt^nd. up and defy ifci B[ow(luld hard laughed at ^edy'ola^ourlaridjflefled 'itsd&toiiouf-i; ^ _dbl& eodeg of hohbtir. ' ! if the1 ' cfayofa' thhi ho ' iritiat, Booh* mefct were ' all' ' hb ,ha'd; to think bf ?''- ^he would have' laughed at their evU'tiydp,' biit ? thero waa more: Not 6 mileBfrom where he sat i ! fltood^ tho iro^e-covered Alfred ? Cottage with )''? litB wido' verandah and ( ita p6aoo Eiinong tho ; '? Bhadows : in; 1 the breathings ^ of tbo honey * ' Buckles. Thero would bo waiting for him] i'.w i'thero on - that ovening a ' lady .with reverent 'hair* and with a love that : had never faltered i and ^ a prido always oenteted in the : lonely, . Yfjilopking' ihim with) -the drawn faciD four seats o ' frozn , tho 'front of the grand- stand, i Beside fcpr is waiting his i yollow-haired , eiater .with ; ' v. ? ?? her fair patrioian face and that raro smile ol welcome ho -thought 80 win* ' ning. But for these' two figures, one 1 so. beautiful in' tho oalni of the -winter, 'and the' coming of the twilight, 'the ' , other 'jbo bright in 'the epring. time ' tliat had conio' waiting for the mellow: i ' eumttier thereafter— tho path '61 ? on©', ^oihg ' 8oftly'down: to peaoe, tho ' path ' ;6f m' ^ other feoing' ;npf among^the, 1 flowers -'towards 1 happiness and' i oles ? sings— what need to havo cared for all; the mph and roar that was around him i ': with 'the' terror , that'i was .Within ? 'That 1 morhing tho two faces i were the prido ands joy- of -his ; life, but) .they 'held a fear for; him mowi .worse: than death, 'a8 -he i eat' thero drawn ;and ?' blank. ' - ' I I'yriu i'1 1 '?l,vNowHhbh,,1Diok,''l8aid a 'young' * fbllbwi'worliing towards him -amongst ' tbe . Beitp 1 arid' thb gay dresses iwith 63 exultation, on his fresh face, .'tho oup '.' is over arid you told mo to comb for. ^ you, you know. 'X' vo won tho - laflt ¥ sweep and Barbara gets tho gloveB. p Mrs. Tracey said I waa never lucky . pj Look there,' diBolosing . a sovereign f and a crown- piece iu his hand, ' ' como ' on, I'm in hasto to tell .Barbara. Why,. DioV; what's . tho . matter P ' ' Are vou ill ??-, :and quick concern oamo to- tho 'epoafter's face as : he looked nt ? bis friend; ' ' Trabey sat Btaring bBforo him as unwitting of the voice that had spoken as of the human figures before him. . /Neither -tho picture of tho lawn' with itfl ? unfolded trains and ,oon trasts of colour,- nbr the' masses pf life )-Byond, oanght his' aye.; -Thora waa a^pther ipioturo before himland there was; a purpose, in,it riot consonant 'with the gaiety and sheen of , all else beside him, and.of the bright day around and-beyorid .bim. . i, ,i :,.,v ,r ? (Tho young fcllqwr stooped|,low arid spoko gratbly'i: ' Peppier iwbuld .think .'yon were mad, if they saw ypur, face npw;; -jViTiate.ver it is ails you let us, yet, homo, the. pcipplo, are beginning to observo yon. ; Aro ,you steorig enough.to cpmof',', ? ' : . . , , Tracey seemed ;to shiver and pull himself together. ,Hb quietly buttoned up:his'cbat, patiently , and tremblingly, returned . the book to his pook^t and looked at his frierid. ! ' , ? !What w'erp yoti saying, Charley f' 1 ' : 1 ' That '. you look ' as if you .wero very ill, as if /you had suffered eomo Bud den blow. The people are ' tegirinirig (tb 'starb atypu, Diot:' Axe you'strbng enough to como ioirie . ?' ??''-! i1 ? ' Tracey pulled his hat leaf 'down over his .face, and roabi ll.I don't think I am strong enough to go home — -that is not yet. 'Let us try ^hat a glass of brandy will do.'- ' j' In an hour a returning .train 'landed both on the platform of 'the railway station, arid they, stood for a,. while looking. up and down ,the empty streeto, ^m'bst. entirely swept of ?life and full of siiri and silenr,e. QiveVme your arm '; while'; we walk, Iphjirloyl'; Ho liaS not spoken' to his com- ' pariion since they left the-, course : till now, and hisyoioe was low and level and solemn. ; unarley looKea ana ustenea in a ingawneu way. . SuoK pleasure as the day'had brought 'him appeared , to hbyo 'gyho'; suoh , successes as hehad met with' were fb^g6ttbn:! -l} ' Toil asked me just . now :ori -'the grand 'stand if I, felt strong Briough! to_!go 'homo. ' I mean a while ago. ' How lorigf is it sinba f'' tour/';; !'7 : '1, .'j'lPlibi hours travel . qmpkly then1; I thought .'misfbrtune made themybw,'.' and thb'^poaker laughed ainilesslyV I' ^ps' gbi'ngf to;BBy that X am riot strong enough to go hothe, and you must go without' me,' T made ati important 1 engagement ' Biribe ' the ' Gu j- race;. -and ' just( . before yeu o'ariiej 'I1 purpose ' fulfilling! tha'tl 'eriga'gemeriti.'flrAt.''- t ?;-:!! | Charley stopped,' ;and!looked':earhestly,atj tho speaker.'- I „'ii-r .nv.o ;::i LListen1,' we'll ? drive home - and engage a! 'whole'cab to our twoJSelve8,,Dibk.. Listen,'! arid he shook the-money; in bis pocket.': ,' It won't1 bo extravagant on.'a' day like, this..'; , ! ' ' Tho face of 'the elder remained impassive,] 1 and ' Charley's - hand found its way , to j his -shoulder..'! ;i ; ? , . t ,-i ; ; . . ':;,j . -?- I ? - - .1 Look at . me, Dick— lopk i at, ,me in, , tlie) eyes.'i-.i r-, r ; -,V: : : ? ? ; , ? J ,V ilr. Tracey looked at the epeaker wparilyj for a moment, as a sudden look of expression and yearning oameio his, face. ;,He put'his hand hastily before his eyes,; and stocjd ,'thiis amomentbeBidehis^aitingfrieridalpnpin.thel still street, ;belpw. tho sun that .was splashing the windows with ;gleain, ; andj painting the spires, and, ste'aling. '.with. - its , impartial ibrijjhtness to apeys ? that , were dank .with orgjp. i . '' ' ,,'|| . When - ho took' Ilia hand a,way , his facd ! wore the exproBsibri that his friend had first noticed) but there was 'tendernbs^ iri his eybB; ' ' It's ,no use, Diok,*'. and .thoire /wM a .quiver of , few:. ,and j affeotion on tho ponsitive mouth;. V 'you. must porno witb ino. IJear old Diok! I pannpt.gO; without you. You 'Will :pom.e f' .and, the . speaker's hand crept irpW' the jiiari's ^hoidder; towards his' face 'in a boyish, oaresairig fashjon', ? j ? , Bicliard Tracoy said, loudly enough to bp.libard,;had ariyono bcori near thoin. on the street, .' I will not go. with yoii ; my, origagej ,mcnt.is a.privatb.ono, and I intend 'to .keep ;it. .. Good-byo.' ' ' . . , . . Cbarloy was turning slowly .in {he direction of ionic, but Tracoy hesitated, arid'eamb back hurriedly, mtU his hand hold out in saluta tion.. !-| .'V. ' j ,;'j' Good-byo. God bless , / j When Charley Fern walked across, tho paddocks from tho omnibuB towards tho rest fulnesB of Alfred Cottage; tho sun was growf-; ,ing yellow,i and the . Bhadows; longer, ,Tho i noise of tho, returning traffic was beginning tb ? drift, up. from tho road,, jusb popctrating thjj' ? roposo that, was in. tho. heavy branches of tho ' pines.' Tho , liitlo . garden ,an4, lawn, worb Wallod.in b^ hedge, ;blossotaeii with briar, and rpso. , Bohind it was tlie patp]Hrprk,bf .flowers, ; .and, boj-ond;tho sea. , The dar^sht^do. of , ono of tho trees had strctchod1 away ' across . tlib path, . and Bpapned; the graycl. 'its root 'to tho vorandah, whero it was. mingling ;..witb trncery of oroepcrsi whito w-ith blpprn,. anjl ' filled irith.fragrancp., . Whon ho oppned tho' gate, lio,. saw tho afternoon's. brightness; pfi I Barbara's yellow hair,, and npar by a f acc. thijt was-gray;and tranquil, i They woro watching ' ntho - sun sDinnini: threads ainonir tbo.lbaves,' and, waiting for! tho sound of, footsteps. ,, Tfyb calls' of birds wero around, them, strikirig' , through fhp wide, faint luoiiotorio of ,tlio sea.' Wlioro is' Dick f !' asked Barbara, , meet-, ?ing'-him , in tho' flush, of. tho; sunset, i 'Ho' promised' to return.', i ' - , |. Partly tho sunlight, partly tho darker baok grPund of':the house and 'tho flowersthat Uvod around it, mado Charloy Pernl forgbt :thb 'question for tho questioner; and! yet ljp coiild liot -forgot ontirely the foreboding: ljo carried with hini whon1 ho and Tracoy Bo^'aratbd. '' -'? ??? '? « ? '? -? i:'j. i j I '''^Vliat a picture ^ou- Would mako if '-yo^ir portrait Tvero 'taken - now, 'Barbara, in 'tho middle of tliis sunset,' with -that 'background of 'floTfeirB'.', How peaceful ' everything seems hero. Tho diist'is Rising' bn the road' not a' quarter ' of ' a inilb' away j look at it yondbr witli!thb siui colouring it into a.gbldon inist, 1 and liero is nothmg hut frbshriess And' 'green-' ries'sy' and bloom. ('I 'won' flvc-ari'd-tworit^ shillings,, arid yoii liivb ' won' tho' gloyis.-' Look, and, hp showed tho girl' tho mbnoy -os he h'ad,shb-vn it to her brothor. at. tho 'grand stand. '. ,, ' . ' i, ', Whero y Bichard.'^Cliarlpy'f' J \ , Mrs. Tracpy was standing near hbr 'daugh tpr, and, ^!tlio i, question rarno 'sb''oarribBtly'out' of, ,thp,pmoj:ph^do thatjit 8il«ricbdthb^oa,kbr/ seeming to show liiin 'tho faco ho had parted 'with in tho ornpty sunny street. ^ - ??? Charlor rcplibd with a now bxprossion and; p. Bomownat unsteady voico : Ho, told mo in tlio oity-ho'had a short .private origa'ge mont'to koep.' ?» /.-?.?? - .'t i.; ? i;i: 'A short private i ongagomont? i Hoi had ndno tln'rf1 mbrning:' ?' i'i ? .'!? 'I !??-??? ?:.! - ,i t.j'J ' ''I wont t»' him iinmbdiaboly aftor tUoiOiip was run, and, found him sitting staring at tho Flat qs if 'lib' had.dreatiiod atdrcani'or booii' Btupcfled'witli.'a biow— '1 1 Then ho is ill, Charles- Perri, 'and you aro herb'with\\-ufc him.*'1 '?' ' ' '' ,ei it w pharloy folt son^othing ' lito' a . gasp in his throat as ho wbrit' ori'to say : ' T ri '..-!'?» K 'I askod him at tho' stand' to como homo with mo, . but., ho did not seom I to 1^9arr_foy somo time. After appear ing ? to'i thini'- for tCi wliiloj. hb roso/iand ileft with mp for town. / When tliero, ho said ho mado tho ongagomont just after tho cup was run, and before. I reachod him, and ho must fuUU it.' Tho sound of tho , traffic on tho road had grown ' faint, j tho day- ; liad . deepened into . twilight, thoToiccs of tho birds had ceased. Mrs. Traccy moved out from the darkness; of tho shado as silb'ntly as the shadows thom solvcs wero falling, and tho .folds of her dark, dress mingled and ' mergod with; them,; but her faco and wliito h'air woro as distinct iri tho dusk' as her - -voice -?' was: distinct lOnitha^ silence. ' - ' ' ' ' - = - ! r : i- r:_' I ' .i-.jii ; ' Did Bicliard1 say lvo: would como home;?' | ' Ho siiid his engagement was a short ono.',1 ' It is growing1 cold1 Barbara ; ' ? gd -irisido Mr. JFcrn, and I pari speak' here.' i , Charlby'iaw tlib whitb' flgurtf moving riway slowly abovo' the sburid of ' Walkirig'upori tlio path', until tho! decperiirig : twilight) ? hid i it) and, tho quiet of the finished day rested/On (joth like- a listening piiusq. * ; : ,'t ?- -1 ft'Npw ihip j^Str'tonb,', pfiitrieir ;':'cilll,upori your memory for cifpry'opisddo 'of ' tllo'day sincb you joined 'iny. son, ' and' tqll'irib lill'you know, and , all' '.''that' '? Js' ^'inu Voiir tlibu'glits. God help me; I feela foreboding of sorrow !' . It might havb'been tlie '.something;. of:8up» plication, tliat, \\]^.;^'.'po;fiiW;ybice'he'.Wi^l known spilong., .Jt', might' bo that liis oivn ;fear for lu's friend ,^vas roused, but 'ho, told what' ; ho, , know; ^brokenly, . as .if lib also ' felt thero was a sorrow 'coming! ' ' And,' .'oh' ! believe -mcj llrs. Tracey, I put my hand uiibri j his shoulder as I used to do; wlieri I' was n| boy, I mean younger, than I am,' , ho explained i with ; a stammer,' ., , . . «™J (i,„ «.,i. t i ? ? : ? ' ? ! said were,- '.Dqar old Dicklcan^tgohonio ,, withoutyoii,;'-iT-hcn ;; -ho answeredsharply : ; and loudly, ii. buti ?there was naonoin -tho street ;(o- hear, ?, that his.ongagement . was private.' . . Her voiceBoiinded ?broken and distant . iri:tho darkness as ; she' spoko again: ? 'This is not'liko my ' 'son'.' !I dp not're-; - cognise him. ' What \- elite? 'Iamwaiting and afraid.' ''???? ''I turn bd.ltojii, 'leave; andhe turned,' ;:i ' theri'-fcamo' bacK-a q few steps, ' holding vj oil this hand,' ! ' ?' 'jjertf1 could .'.but: *. ; just liear' tlie 'ladyjs o ;1 ; voice; and ho. knew.! J if-1 thbro had:, beerio J light he would havo 'seen '.' tears ; Ion . her! !? face.t'' ' '' !':!?!? ' '?;'? 'What did ho say P' ?''? ,r r! ? ? , i ! . ' Ho: said goodr bye; and God; blossi i; .you.'-' '?// ; i;; : iiji. '' Inn moirionthbr:.'! palo -face was ;cl080-i[' to the speaker's, '.and ? : 1 hor hands iriorio J-, holding liiB. i i i. . : ; ' Charley ' ?X'erri; ;.| for 'you'ri'poor! ,| mother's feako .I !i ; havo watched; oven. : you arid loved you- ; next to niynown'.' these many . I years. : You will do iny wisli:i 1 now as ' you ? always ? have, my son..! Sou tiro my ? only; ; ; and ; . ? ?b o'Bt dependence, i , This nigh't you/ j mnst ;go 'back-' to : t'o wii ariFd; find - 'Eiohard.'-; H-oi ? . hand had foimd his . shouldorVjust as his 1 1 owmhad iound-and -,- tested oil licr eon's-n. few hours before and with like'' persuading. i 'Do not, return ito Alfrod Cottage without him.' -i., i Fern could nofc sco the face, but ho could . feol the trombling^hand.- -. ? -There : was a .pauso j' tho ailcnco seemed heavier than bofore. 'Did you ever know Diok. to gamble ?'- . ? ::: ,i !- Charloy ? felt i the ; hand olose .upon Iub ' shoulder, arid lie knew:tho tone of boreaymbnt and fear that was in tho answer. , ;. ? ! v 'Tes.!'-'ii: ? - . j 'Do not stay up. Mrs. Tracey. . , At , . aiiy hour of thoinigut, or of tho day, when I have found- hinv I- will return.' . - ; j ' ' Go ; sob, it is dark, tho lights aro shining but from, the Bay;,; and from .tho towii. Charloy, thoro iB great dangor.., I can'fcel.iti, : ?as. though.I know now what, I,, shall, kjib^- hereafter. ! Remember thoro ; are sleepless eyes and inaybe i a breaking heart at Alfred Cottage. I can' only .pray j tho friend of tlio ; widow and of tho fathorlbss, He .will liolp you.' -ji The voice broko in sobs. . ; ' ? . .'Heiput his strong, , young arm round liqr gontly, and; held hor hand, as iho led her' ,t» tho vorandah,, ,Ho saw; another, flgurij flitting up;boforo, tliqm, and; .when Ub brbiiglit tlio widow, to, tho; darker, ^arki^css, whero tho climbing flowoijs wei;o, , lier ^'dfiughtpr's' -tubijs ?were waiting, and: hor. dauglitor's ,yoice ( Bjipllo .bravely,. .V, I . . Thp day was' .wpli, advapepd towards ' tlio af ternpou whon Mr. Tracby, looking curiously tirod and.dusty, found his, \vay tp tlio hotel, whoro-thp gay andlipijpurablp yiou, assomblo who.,, belong jto., tlio isporfingi circlo. |Tlio blooming woarcrs. of biazi.ug. stories; and hoa^y : watoll ohainsj and, .heayipr faces— badness' in i oyesand.sppeph— hadhotyetcobib.. Tlioy'wero away , ; using, their. , metallic poncils on tlie sward, ,, contemplating tlicir wives in 'tlio icolour^ ,'and .'silks.,. thoy ilia(l peeked from ?pigeons, and pthorwisp bustling . arid aggres Bivo.with pdds.and luaty. curses. iThbro wioro bther palo arid dr(i,wn faebs in tlie Stapd in .not a few seats of, tho front, or' .from tho, front. They wero, scattered many whores these jdriftB of fprtunp with thb anathonm of speeu latipn Pn tliqm. But tlio sporting iribri, with thoir books aridibbts,! and battered codes bf ; l^pnour, ,wbro in liugq form, oxultant rod and loud. .They.liad not yet .returned from their harvest, and their hungering eyes wore Btill i greedy . abovo tlipir Ijgurbs.' .Tlio countors of, tho,| ' hotel; whore .tho honour able circlo congregated, worb. silent whon Traooy .petered./, Tlio' hawks had ,not [ flqwn .tqiubwar'd jy bt; |to' shriek' tho bddB for daj( bnd .icuiilb ' ttomBol^oi «' ' ? : ? rr — . (ibovo tho chanco?. ' Tho barmaids wore dressed and silent, waiting for thn irruption, and the waiters' saw Tracoy walk wearily in towards one of -the privato rooms. Ho paused for a moment, camo baok to the counter and drank. eomo brandy, then entered and olosed tho idpor. ^lA waiter of supor hatnral observation drew, a napkin through his hand and pbqqryqd ,.to a oompanion how np thought ,.';'t^at ,'erq cove was^ard hit.' [Crabyi ^pBpd i^b.^pjqr'.qjiietly behind him. Bndjsatflbwn.i,.',-, i '? i He took'a little phial' frorni his pocket and polled .JthOjipnper from,, tit,., on, wliiobi , was Mjn^di,'a,i|dijuggifet's'J'warning . ' of' . poison. Bblopkbi , at, thp 'liquid, with' a 'set despair-' trig' face'.,( j In a' few1;' minutes ho would be jawjvy. oyer the threshold and into the gloom' pf the, unmo^', wh^rb were the sorrowful' jfac'eS^agh'ast' of '8(5' iriany who had halted on fcho highway to' hbavoi. ' Thon rose before' [him^tha fnoe of his mother; It oime to him {as'ilto had known it in- the . past, bright with life and happiness, and filled with a loye for (him that was almost w'orship. Not so long: .ago, it'now' seemed, to him, hoi remembered jthat face upon the sands, when the olear sky lino ruled his sight from tho distant lands [and the far seas she had. told him of. As jplainly then as on the days that worq in thqse past years, oame-before him the green of the pasturalands and the sombre tints whero the heath blossom .gleamed, and the great organ rooks -oohoinajjbaek theJ:musio iof the. Bea_, — thbro tho .ionderlface, with its light, that; was all for him, with its mother's, trust; an'd pride, i arid the wondering eybfe of'Barbara neAn' -.-These J followed:; .him ;: these :wore; drawing him: baok across the years into the1 times' when tlio days seemed so full of hope, aud love;, i They were in. every pioture that floated by.; ,-thoyj were with him in , the; evening tirhe^iwhon tfye. saoredness of . the. dying dttyj:olrithed ;with golden blessing the, silont trees and tho distant mountains;, when fji tho .sadness that is not sorrow fell 'iupon..himi' jmixod with: hope for tho- future!;; and' tho coining days when hellshouldi go, out ,for -.-/them, in the; sun rise of lifo to discharge the debt that had mado his so happy, and bestowed upon it so iriuoh that' Vas. beautiful and fair. While thesa thbughts wbre with him the phial lay iri hie palm; arid with them he drifted from thb'past into tho future. His mother's hair was . white now i how would her tranquil fabo look when she received tho news ? He could pioture the hopeleBSnoBS and tho deso [ latjon of it., Hpw would ho havo returned thq,blesBirigf| and. the .lpvp he had enjoyed ?| Her son, afraid to meet his own work, and coward enough to seek death, found dead in' a ^'jsportirig' totel, Bhe wrqoked of ovory , thing,' and without the bohsolatiori of tho memory, of him, that' he was .also about' tq ?wreck. . , Hbr heme, her mentis of -li ving, her support' gone, doubly, widowed; and hopeless and lost. Aiid Barbara, -with her bright hair and noblo faeertoiling for the susten ance that ho should have toiled for, unpro tected, pud trample^, on by the hurrying foot of ' tlio striving world — tho refined homo gone, mother and, sister adrift — where f Mr. Riohard Trac'by 'raised 'his hand, and tho ' little ' 'crystal thing hb .had .spent: so' long in trying to obtain was ? shivered in. fragmerits^below the grate, while' a perf limb as of almonds or bf 'wattle blossom filled the ; room.' ' He had noidoa whether the piotures ! ,wh|oh Bwam before him had ocoupied an 'hoiir or 'threei '? The'rbom was dark, and the Bounding bf feet' and hum of voices from which -oatb and malediction shot, beat against tho door. A thin lino of light crept under it ; at t the: thrpBhold from whero , the voices wore wrangling and jarring, where hoarso laughter, shook thom, emphasised with calls and jangiing'glassps. ,, Froni his ; window ho cpuld bee., tho calm, 'stars arid the quivering pathway ithe mpoii was, making, on. tho soa.1 The temptation had been overcome, but the ;trial«ho had determined to, avoid was waiting,' bitterer than over. He had wreoked his homeland in hia reeklessnoss had thrown his mother's and sister's money to the greed that was Burging out beyond the lino of light , ruled tliero at tho door. Voices stopped at it and, passed it ; disordered and triumphant ;men roflbd agiiinst it and staggered on — jiast cuo seono ot a Dittoror struggle tnan nny on tho course that day. Tracoy listened in a stupor of mental exhaustion. A hand camo out of tho babel, foil upon tho handle, hesi tated, arid left ' itl Bhouts of imgor arid mooking voicos camo in across tho narrow line of light. How long would they arid tho flaring pa,ndcit)oniuirt havo halted if ho had boon carried out stark ? Such was tho world, or.. a part of it, on which ho contemplated turning his inothor arid sistor adrift; - God help, him; ho. loaned oyer towards tho window silently, and, chastoned by tho rest that was in tho silvor night and tho beauty tbat .was in the. glitter of tho distant soa, ho pi-dyed and wept. 'Iri there, sir,' thb gent wont, but that woro in tho aftornoon, said tho discrimin atirig'waitor; pointing to the door. - ?'? ; And tho door, that had shut him witlijliis th'oiights- bo ' long, opened wido and tho glare , and confiisiori tided in. Bicliard Tracoy was over by tho window, looking white, boforo tho dim light that mot the darkness. . Charloy Porn was on tho threshold, looking bowilderod 'nnd norvous. Ho had wandered every wjiero ho 'could think of, and tho present was his third visit to tho honour able circlq.of, sporting gentlemen. Tho waiter slipped jn nimbly, and. tho room , becainb as bright as tho bar boyond. ' ' '' ; ,';Oh;Diok^I — I, have been searching for' you! since eight o'clock, and Mrs. Tracoy is, frightened and hcartbrokon, fearing that something has liapponod. Thank God I havo, found you alire and* well- — that is middling. Dick, lbtiUa g0;homo'; I was getting afraid, tqo ; it is past midnight.' ? ( ! ' Sit .down, Charloy ; ; I want to speak to; you.',,./ ,j; -;-? ' Wait-till wo get homo,. Dick. You look liko a ghost.' Mr.; Tracey went on without heeding , the request: 'I told you to-day I was not strong onough to go home, and that I had an engagement to keep. I am scarcely strong enough to go home even now, and I have not kept tho engagement I made. If it had boon fulfilled you would havo found mo lying dead on tbat sofa. Do you gee those sparkling pieoeB of glass below the grate and smell the perfume of . almonds P l east the temptation from me, Charloy Porn, and did not oommit suicide.' ., t..; ' The palo, nerveless face, and the. unsteady, boding of the eyes, so altered, :his - friend to Charley Pern that ho scarcely, know him. . Did.you ever .see a : man ' weeping ? If you -;had been here an hour or hours ago, I cannot i tell when, you would have seen me hero woeping and praying. Oh! the trial will .'boo terrible!.: and rI am not yet strong enough jto go bqmo and:disolose te them their misery.' ' . : .:' Their .misery?' ;:.:?'? 'Their misery ; that they are penniless out. casts and, beggars, that tho old home, our old homo Charley, is lost to us, that their shares in the railway and the bank, are lost, that bills are unpaid; and that I — ' he Btruokhis breast savagely with his open hand, ' whom they looked to as their support have brought all this ruin and disgrace upon them. Look at me well Charley Porn, I have done it all.' ' But — ' ' ' Ay, you would ask how I have done it ?' ' Soeking to retrieve losses under the cursed spell of the gambling -spirit, I plunged with my mother'p| and sister a money time aftor time and I tried to ? ? win it all baok this Cup. Ho laughed and wiped the sweat from his forehead and his wet, brown hair. 'You stay with us till after the holidays, Charley, till after the holy Christmastido that used to be so happy in the old house. I t is your last Christ mas visit my dear old friend ; you will seo us as of old no more. I am as strong as most men and I can slave and toil, but, oh! my mother and my sister, and the dis — graco of it. And all through mo whom they trusted and honoured and loved.' The faoe of Charley Fern waa as white as the speaker's now, but for all bis whiteness aud his fear, ho said Blowly and solemnly as if he had aged, ?' I shall see more of you than over. What is to bo done cannot bo done here Dick, let us go home.' They roBe and went out and as they orossed the brightly lighted place, shouldered and oursed at by drunken men wild with dobauob, tho name Riohard Tracoy was called hurriedly. He faltered an instant, but his friend's firm was linked in his, , bearing . .him away from' tlio cries -and throes of thb striving. onnnnnrnnj 'Come on,'* whisperod ' Chajcloy- Pern sternly between:his teeth,. ' thoy havb iriven ub trial and Borrow enough.,' Your mother is praying and watching and waiting. Thank God, you have eso'aped and that I have found you; Dick this is terrible.' Tho light was filtering out from the win dow upon tho dark , firs as Tracoy and Pern walked up to Alfred Cottage. Tracey envied Hie' repose' that' seomed all around, arid half regretted that he'toq was not lying stilled from tha. trouble that was coming, and the blank and prospeotless future that was so surely sottling down.- The door' was opened gently, and tho friends entered, with the manner of trespassers, carrying somo message of sorrow. . In tho widow's; eyes there Jwas only .a .look ;of . thankfulness. -i Aoross her old face ?o, beautiful with tho seal of years there travelled an expression iof intonso relief, and tho calmness .tnat trial and shadows in the past had wrought upon her came back. . 'You, aro late, Richard; your absence frightened' us, arid Charley here kindly undertook to find you.' . Tho wor^a wore uttered iu the lady's' quietest tono arid in her gentle way, but Pern caught the look of thankfulness and gratitude alio gavo him, and fait rewarded and proud, notwithstanding , tho cloud that Was'soon to 'break. Mrs. Traooy lookol for a moment keenly at her son's faoo, and rose humedly with a new expression on herB— an expression ? of. firmness and of suffering. ' ' Will you have anything to oat, Barbara has gone to bed P' Tho hand of Mrs. Traoey that rested on thb table was trembling, though' she looked so oalm of mannor and spoke so quietly. There was fear in hor oyes, and tho shadow of somo returned pain on hor faoe. ' Mother,' said Tfriepy, ? disguising nothing of tho situation in voice br look or gesture. Tho less disguised that his voioe was bold, that his .byos were hot and glitter ing, that his faco was sot and pitiless. ' Do you know what I aril and what Lhavo done P You do not know — how oould you? — that I havo boon a traitor to you and to my sister, and that I, whom you trusted and loved as — as only a mother like , you can lovo, havo ruined vou both. You do not possess a farthing in tho world, it is all gambled andgono; and.this hoino '—he stopped for a moment with tho light full on his blanched features, and hold his hand out before him as pointing to it— 'is lost to you for ever. Do you quite comprehend, mother, that the spn you loved bo through every year and hour of ' his lifo that he can , remomber, has robbed you and your daughter so pompletoly that you maybe outoafts in tho street to morrow, and that ' from-' the sorrow and misery of tho coming Christmas timo there is no escapo P That son has boon for hours to-day standing pn tho yergo of eternity. It (was not the fear of tho darkness that jdetained him. Death' offered pcaco, and tho grave would hide his shame; It( was: his mother's face, as hp had known it yoars ago, as he knows it now, that saved tho would-bo Isuioido from the orownirig aot pf troabhery.' | Mrs. Traoey's lips had, quivored; moro than once. Tho rising and ' ifallirig'of herbrea«t. told how; tho words, had , 'reached. her, but she. jfelt what, hor son' would', say bofpro he spoko!'' lit was tho bearing , of a trial eho' had borne before. Hor husband's face. was with her in : the face of her son, toUirig a liko' story thus pitilessly, against himself. That .was . thirty , years, agp, arid together thoy had fought tho loss and won tho. fight. ' Once beyond the chasm, it was passed fbr over, i Tho.union of the struggle^ had united thom oloser, and : deepened their love. Often from the bright ness surrounding thom thoy had looked baok , to that time to see how strength and light wero revealed through darkness, and to acknowledge the guiding hand. Arid Mrs. ' Traoey lifted up her grand gTOy faoo, bright ; and. hopeful, and filled with 1 trength and ; | yearning. ' -.v.; - 1 .1 . : : I ? ' Bibhard Tracoy: iS, my son,- for .whom I I shall never, feel ashamed. . He- has erred, He has Binned;, but : the danger has ; passed i and - the trial, has ; begun. His mother is brave, enough, and strong enough- still: to face mis-, fortune, and her daughter '^her vpiceshook' and , failed :a , moment, , but she ; went on steadily—',' and her daughter is strong and bravo too. ; The. phristmas days that; are coming may , find iu ;in . distress, and their brightness may _bb gloomed, but they will novor find us in despair. My son; has brought to me the gift of his lifo. ' All that I havo is thino.' ' ' Riohard Traooy sat down.' silont with his unaltered face. There were tears in Charley Fern's eyes, but he hid therii in tho shadow. That early morning, when tho moon had passed and tho only Bound abroad was in groat bushings of tlio constant sea, Mrs. Traoey opened tho door of' hbr : daughter's room and oame softly to her bedsido. '* Diok !b back, mother. ' I' could riot. sleep till I heard his voice.' ' :i ' Barbara, my child, we will sleep together and together await tho light. I am grow ing old, and our night may bo very long.' ' There were the marks of tears ana of deeper linos below her wintry hair. News of tbe illness of Richard Tracey was conveyed to tho office, but it wag not sus pooted that he was sick unto death of that portion of his past lifo -which had ended with the contemplation of his dark departure. He lingfred for weeks on the border land, in fever, amongst the pictures: that -had oomo to him in the sportiug hotel and held him; baok from pas»ing beyond the curtain into tho shadows. The air that.came do.wn.softly from the hills to meet the, breathings of the sea, and tho tender fragrance and freshness ' it carried from the flowery and , tho forest, were the blessings of tho day, but, the dark ness of the coming storm .was, lingering and ; inevitable behind. His homo, ..his mother; and sister had never before seemed bo beauti- . ful as now. The preoiouBneqs'bf the happi- i ness he had flung away witli 'reckless nands was never so , clear .; before.. Every figure that approached ^liim' migtyj bo tho bearer of the- first tidings, of! the wreck, and his mother and sister, .(uiclj Charloy Porn, knowing uU^wbre' braver' Limn lib. If ho saw a line or a;darkening th,oughti upon liis mother's face, bittor !ii' j) iji-ni- li ngs j swept him like a storm ; anc,l brave Clnu'ieV | had been busy gaining knowledge and ' asking! questions day by day for , liis information. j Charley had found a cottage ;j ho'lmd 'learned! that Tracoy 's employers were ! feeling ' tlic| want occasioncd by his absence, biit. of all' subjocts thoro was no mention of tlie fatal Cup day or its sorroiuidings.' As liis mother's.' hand had supported him by tho , sea so many! years ago, her arm supported him now, 'but moro than all her undaunted heart and. librl unshaken faith and trust.-, 'The Christmas season, at least, was the tinie for thankfulness from it the graco reached lier that enabled, hor to keop hopo and look olit steadily on the trial. It was the timo ,fpr happiness 'and gratitude, for a gift that was greater than all that could be lost. Why sliquld' ' she repine at a timo when tho voices of angels had swept tho sky in praise abovo the humble Bethlehem and below tho Stars ? ' ' ' ' | Ono day bofore tho gleaniings ihdt werq dazzling and shooting at th'ein from tlio waters — ' If I tiad but told you all, mother, before tlio ruin came. If you but knew my fear for'you and tho contempt for myself when I looked at your peaceful faco so beautiful to ineboloW tho ago it carries. To you L owe ii second life.' . . . . Aud she looked upon liim with infinite 'tenderness and prido,' and ; said, 'I ant glad to' seo you liiorc hopeful and- stronger for the corning trouble; Tlib darkness of it is noiirly over, and thero will come soon tho shining of tho triic light. Here iB Charloy hurrying down from the houso. ; :iHo is troublod by tlie ?rifoy ho walks; Richard; - ? Tho ligUtness ah(| buoyancy eicem to havb loft his figure. This is tho beginning of it; my spn, bo strong.' ' . | Charley looked at Mrs. Tracoy with an air so unmistakeably ombarrassod that tho: lady walked away towards the cottage— maybo for thb last timo slio coiild call it hers — and as bIio walked hor sight was blurred with tears', andialonc sho boro lior burthen of tho tribula tion. ? : : .'?? ! 'Dick,' spoko Charloy, hurriedly looking round. ' Do you romomber.the night of the Cup day whon wo walked tlirough the crowd of sporting incn out of tho hotel, and one shouted out your namo — a tall, handsome nian all aglitter with studB. and' chains; antl a flowing beard ?' ... i - i ! 'I roniomborthonightbutdiinly; Charloy:;( but I reeogniso tho man you mean, lio answered as a, suspicion of tho old .blank' camo to his face. Ho met ino in ;the- street to-day, and asked whero you n-ero, and .lio scorned so- indignant- that you liad not callod on him. Ho gaye mo this jlettqr, which , lie said ho would havo sent to.you long ngo,. biit' that ho was .not certain of yo.ur addresB.' Novor.mind,; Dick, tlio .sooner it is over tlio bettor; :. Tlioro is tho letter.' 1 1 j - ? j ' Charley, all hot and anxious' as lio was, stood for a moment irresolute,' .but when lie saw., tho suffering on his frioncTB.face, ho too, walked slowly towards, tho .cottago. Mr.' Tracoy. rcod— . .; ,, ? ,i Sib, — ^Although that decision1 of them — — ' stewards makes you the winner, I've half -a mind not to pay. If you- don't oliooso for to put in an .'appearanco - I'm ? ? if I nm, going to look aftor yor , sugar, and you tlio heaviest clinchor of the lot that I have got. Two-thirds of my Cup . profits aro gono on tho softest thing I had, at least I thought so, and it would liov beont only Pluto ran inside. ;I novor. know a man too — r? proud to pomo fpr his coin yot, but you. . I npw sond ? you ; a' cross ciicquo for £3500,- and pleaso aoknow' lodgo receipt, prompt. - I woiudn't .hev goiio to this troublo only wo liov don,o business bo foro, which' I hopo is not thp last.. I'll take 10 to 1 on Oberon or G.to 1 on Sponcor, that's short onough odds. I know after this you'll givo me a lift to get my book round.— Yours, &c.;, , ? ?...., ., : .'- .: JosiAn Heubeiit. , P.S. — I hoar ypu hpv, mpro hots of tho wmb sort out. Don't loso no moro timo about gotting tliem in. Tho foolifjhw tho bet is the better tlio luck sometimes. Doa'fc touoh Stockings, ho has gone cwqkcd, , 1 J- au. ' 1 i.«» ???» Biohard Tracoy turned giddy and sat down' to think. In tho vaguo whirl of hiB thoughts 1 lie - romombered that as matters had turned* out owing to tho stewards' decision ho must ' bo ono' of tho heaviest of thb: winners. ' Tho ; cloud had no sooner fallen than it' was lifted. ' iTho sorrow of- tho trial 'had been passed through, .and it had taught its own mcrciful ' lesson. Tho hand that had brought him ; through -the darkest passage of his life was' full of gifts, and carhed a -warning never to f jbo forgottoh. Bphiri'd 'tho dark . Christmas cloud was brightness, and tho, cloud was big with blessing. ' ' When Tracoy entered tho cottage his; I mother started in fear, at his faco, not. knowing what. .tho change meant. Tho. expression that had. been gradually deserting; him for so long had returned, and the look! sho so well, remembered in tho boy's faco on tlio sands was back, again to tho man onco. more. . , Richard, what — what is — -your faco is , different. What is tho happiness and why tho joy that havo como to you.' ? Said. Charley Pern, pleadingly,, in the garden : . ' You called me your son that night, and I brought him back. Let mo have the right to. call you mother.' . And Mra.; Traoey took his fresh .strong, faoe in her white hands, drew it towards her, and : kissed ' ;his forehead. 'Charley;, my son,'?- and there was great love, and softness in- her voioe, ,1' my -Christmas- gift to you will bo the greatest a mother, can bestow. Bar bara is yours,??: | .As plainly then as, on (tlio days tliatwerota rthoso past year:,', e.'iuio before lifm' the grco'a ' i of' the pasture lands' and' ' tlio 'sonlbrb tintB ' wlioro tlio. lieath; .blossom gleamed, and tho . great orgaiirrocksiechoing back, the music of. tlibsea., ' , ' ' . I ' ' ; ' ' ' , 