¶ THE SILENT WATCHERS. ¶ BY DORA RUSSELL, ¶ Author of “ The Vicar's Governess. ” “ Foot- prints in The Snow, ” “ Quite True, ” &c.; ¶ CHAPTER I. ¶ WHAT THEY SAW. ¶ It was only a dreary picture. The afternoon of New Year's Day in a remote farm house, with the rain and sleet driv- ing over the hills, and dashing against the kitchen window panes. Inside this kitchen also there were few signs that in the dark hours of the morning another year had been born. ¶ Yet it was so. This was New Year's Day at Redcote Farmhouse, but the penurious habits of the master — the old farmer, George Rendall — had prevented the usual outward emblems of rejoicing and merri- ment being very visible. True, on the high mantel-piece, amid the shining brass candle-sticks, and show brass family kettle, and the brass lined preserving pan, a few faded sprigs of holly were to be seen. They had been placed there a week before, when all over the land the joy bells were ringing for Christmas-tide. But no joy bells stole over the hills in their sweet melody to Redcote Farm. Neither marriage bells nor passing bells, nor the solemn tolling of the last bells rung for us on earth, were to be heard in this silent and lonely place. Full three miles away was the nearest church in the neighbourhood, and so no sound of joy nor sorrow was ever borne on the wind to Redcote Farm. ¶ In this remote and quiet spot George Rendall, the farmer, had lived eighty- five years. He had been born here, spent his childhood and boyhood here, brought his wife here, and now old, shrivelled, blear-eyed, he sat watching the fire, thinking vaguely that this was New Year's Day — thinking vaguely of the New Year's Days gone by — of the old days, of the long journey, not of the rest and peace which now should have seemed so near ! ¶ He had not a good face this aged man tottering on the verge of the grave. The lines and wrinkles which years had scored, told no story of endured pain, of noble patient resolve, no tale of benevolence nor love. But they had written with their truth-telling hand of hard bargains, of petty schemes, of toil perhaps, for he had been a hard worker in his day, but he had toiled, and worked, and thought for money, and for money's worth alone. ¶ There was nothing like it he thought. The one narrow creed that filled his heart and soul was gain. Yet he could no longer enjoy it, though this idea never occurred to his mind.° His thin legs could scarcely carry his thin poor body, his hands were crippied° with rheumatism, his bones all aches and pains. But he loved the music that clink of gold made still ! When a horse or a cow died he wept maudlin tears ; when a neighbour died he shook his head and grunted, and began to consider when the dead man's farm stock should be sold, and if it were likely to go cheap beneath the auction hammer. ¶ His household of two sons, a niece, and a strong country girl. On this particular New Year's Day, Robert Rendall, the younger son, was from home spending his holidays, and the inhabitants of the farm- house were thus reduced to four. The old man, his eldest son George Rendall, his niece Maud Eliot, and a maid-servant named Jean or Jenny Wren. As the old man sat dozing over the fire, Maud Eliot, the niece, entered the kitchen, and began to move restlessly about. ¶ “ Where's George, uncle ? ” she said at last. ¶ The old man looked round with a chuckle and an evil gleam in his eye. ¶ “ Thou's always looking after George, Maudie — more than he's looking after thee, ” he said. ¶ Maud Eliot's face turned scarlet at this taunt. She stood behind her uncle, and clenched her hands and bit her lips. But she did not speak, and with another chuckle the old farmer turned from his niece and began once more gazing idly into the fire, and presently, overcome by by° the warmth, he fell asleep. ¶ In the meanwhile Maud Eliot had gone to the kitchen window, and stood there looking out with a gloomy expression on her face at the driving sleet and rain. ¶ She was a pale girl this, with dark eyes and hair, with a certain beauty and power in her countenance, which, however, was scarcely handsome. She looked just now as if she were alike anxious, angry, and unhappy. Her natural pallor was increased by the strong and passionate feelings of her heart. ¶ Suddenly the pale face flushed, and the full strong mouth moved tremulously. These emotions were caused by the sound of a man's footsteps outside the kitchen door, and in another moment a tall good- looking, nay, a handsome young man entered the kitchen. ¶ This was George Rendall, the farmer's eldest son. He was twenty- seven, tall, straight-featured, and powerfully made, with careless, laughing blue eyes, and a sensual though handsome mouth. A slightly annoyed expression passed over his face when he saw his cousin Maud Eliot standing by the window. ¶ “ Well, Maud, are you meditating on the rain ? ” he said addressing her. ¶ “ It is a dreary day, ” answered Maud in one of those voices which are pleasant to listen to. ¶ “ Disgusting, isn't it ? ” said the young man. “ And with a long ride before one, too ! ” ¶ “ A long ride ? ” repeated Maud. “ Surely, George, you are not going from home to-day ? — not on New Year's Day ? ” ¶ “ Why not ? ” said George Rendall. “ It isn't so agreeable here, is it ? You are cross, the old man is crosser, and little Jenny Wren has declined to clean my boots ! ” ¶ “ How dare she ! ” exclaimed Maud passionately. ¶ George Rendall shrugged his shoulders. ¶ “ You women, my dear, ” he said, in a slightly contemptuous tone, “ are wonderful creatures ? You are either ready to do anything for a man — cut your throats, &c.; — or you are the most dis- agreeable, disobliging, contradictious beings upon earth ! As I was saying, you are cross, Jenny Wren is cross —— ” ¶ “ Don't name me with Jenny Wren, please, ” interrupted Maud, yet more angrily. ¶ George Randall° gave a careless laugh. ¶ “ All right, ” he said, “ never name any woman to another — they all hate each other — they all —— ” ¶ “ George, ” again interrupted Maud, “ how dare you speak to me thus ? How dare you talk to me of Jenny Wren, or any one else ? Have you no feeling ? You are a bad, bad, wicked man ! ” ¶ “ Go on, my dear, ” said George Rendall, with another shrug. ¶ “ Go on, ” said Maud, raising her voice, “ but what is the good of going on to a cruel, heartless man like you ? You are worthless, you are worthless, ” she repeated with strong passion. “ You are unworthy to live — you do no good — nothing, nothing but harm ! ” ¶ “ Pleasant, blowing a man up like this on New Year's Day ! ” said George Rendall,° “ But I'm out of it. Don't sit up for me, Maud, I won't be home till late — I am going to the Fothergal's°. ” ¶ “ To make love to Mary Fothergal, I suppose, ” said Maud, bitterly. ¶ “ Please yourself, ” answered George Rendall,° “ I'm going, that's all. Good day, Maud — I hope you'll be in a better humour to-morrow. ” And with a careless nod the young man turned away, while Maud Eliot gave a long-drawn, quivering sigh. ¶ “ He is unworthy — he is unworthy, ” she was thinking. “ It is his good looks — only his good looks — would that God would strike him dead, or make him plain, hideous, miserable, as I am now —— ” ¶ * * * * ¶ When the stars, the silent watchers of the night, shone out from among the drifting clouds on the eventide of this New Year's Day, they shone on this pale, passionate girl standing at her bedroom window, with a look of desperate and determinate resolve on her face. ¶ She was going to run away. She was sick and weary of her bondage. Her cousin, her lover, George Rendall, had utterly changed to her. The sweetness and devotion of the summer days had cooled in autumn, and frozen in the chill winter mouth°. He loved her no longer ; he was weary of her ; and she had loved him too well. He was one of those who would have been passionately enamoured with a heartless coquette. He had none of the nobler features of love. A woman to have retained his affections should have tantalized and provoked him. A woman who gave him too much was certain to tire him. He was not generous, and did not understand nor appreciate generosity. A small, cold heart beat beneath his tall, handsome, and well-made form. ¶ And Maud Eliot knew all this now. She knew she loved a bad, hard man, and yet she could not help loving him still. The lonely life, the silence and stillness of Redcote Farm, kept her passion for her cousin ever present in her mind. In a crowd we are forced to think of the crowd. But when we have the stars and the hills alone for company, dangerous temptations and powerful influences are apt to beset the human heart. ¶ For some time Maud had scarcely known whether she hated or loved hand- some George Rendall the most. His carelessness, his inconstancy, filled her whole being with fury ; and yet when she thought of him, when she looked on his face, she had been up to this time at least ready to forgive him, ready to listen, when it suited his fancy, to make love to her ; but she knew, as she stood looking wildly up to the stars on this New Year's night, that this was all over now. ¶ She was going away from Redcote Farm — to fly, to hide herself—she knew not where. She had, indeed, no other home to go to. Her father had been an un- successful doctor in London, who had married, rather late in life, old Rendall's wife's sister. Two years ago Dr. Eliot had died, and left his only child, Maud, unprovided for. On his deathbed he had written a letter to the old farmer at Red- cote, asking him to take charge of his orphan girl. The old farmer was furious on receiving this appeal, which only reached him after his brother-in-law was lying in his grave. But young George Rendall, after some difficulty, persuaded his father to accept the responsibility. Young George Rendali° had three reasons for doing this. One was that he was good-natured when his own selfishness did not interfere with his benevolence ; another that he thought the house would be more comfortable with a lady to manage it, for his mother was dead ; and his third reason was that he wished to go to London, and so made the excuse of bringing his young cousin down. ¶ This journey proved an unfortunate one to the orphaned Maud Eliot. When her handsome cousin George arrived for her at the somewhat gloomy house where her father had died, half her troubles seemed to be over. George was kind, and apparently considerate, and as the cousins travelled on together over the snowy country ( it was midwinter ) Maud felt almost ashamed to feel so happy so soon after her poor father's death. ¶ We have seen how these joyous hours ended. Without thinking of his cha- racter, judging the man's heart and soul by the fair outward lineaments in which they were clothed, the hapless girl too soon learned to love him. The love of woman was pleasant to George Rendall, and the voice of honour and conscience only dull to his ears. Two years had passed since Maud Eliot had come to Red- cote in midwinter — years of hope, joy, intense happiness, then of dull, cold dis- appointment and bitter pain. ¶ He had broken her heart, she told her- self, as she dragged her dresses and clothes out of the old-fashioned chest of drawers in her room on this New Year's night, when she had resolved to go for ever from Redcote. ¶ Broken her heart ! This common- place expression means a great deal, does it not ? It means to have lost all interest in life, to rise up weary, and to lie down weary. To hate the brightness of the sun and the prattle of the children. It means to be unwise, to be foolish — to have set too much store on one particular treasure, and to have learnt that that treasure is moth-eaten and consumed. ¶ White-faced, trembling, with her dark eyes fixed and dilated, the girl went on with her task. The clock on the stair- head struck nine, and after the last stroke there was great silence in the house, as there had been before. Outside the wind had died away, and the sky had cleared, and all over the heavens the stars twinkled and shone. They were watch- ing her, the girl thought — watching her, and she shivered and shuddered beneath those countless eyes. ¶ Then suddenly she paused and clasped her hands, and listened with parted lips as she knelt before her half-filled trunk. What was that sound breaking the still- ness of the night ? Those cries sharp and terrible that reached her ears from below ? They were a woman's shrieks, and Maud Eliot's face turned absolutely ghastly as she heard them. ¶ She rose from her knees, she staggered to the room door, and then she heard her uncle, old Rendall the farmer, calling out in the thin and broken tones of age. ¶ Tottering, holding on by the banister, she went downstairs. At the foot of the stairs the girl Jenny Wren was lying apparently in a fit. Her hands were clenched, her teeth were set, her eyes were starting from her head, and her dress and arms were stained with blood. Old Ren- dall was standing beside her looking like a man suddenly roused from his sleep, and a lantern was lying on the passage oilcloth, as if the girl Jenny had dropped it from her hand. ¶ “ What is the matter ? ” asked Maud Eliot, speaking as though she were forcing the words from her lips. ¶ “ Matter ! Devil knows, ” answered the old farmer. “ Jenny has come in shriek- ing and screaming like a mad thing, and look Maudie — look, her hands and arms are all blood ! What can have befallen her ? I sent her to lock up the stable door and the byre a while ago, and then I dozed over a bit, and when I woke, there she lay screaming and shrieking — surely she's fallen somehow — help me with her lass, and we'll get her into the kitchen, and give her a drop of whisky to bring her round. ”° ¶ Maud made no answer. She helped to lift up the girl, she unfastened the hand- kerchief round her neck, and she bathed her face and hands all in silence. She shuddered when she touched Jenny's hands — the stained hands — but she never spoke a word. Then the old man got out his whisky bottle, and forced some of its contents between Jenny's set teeth. The strong spirit soon revived her. The girl sat up, stared wildly about for a moment or two, and then seized the old farmer by the hand. ¶ “ Master, ” she said, in a loud harsh voice, “ Master, go and look at Mr. George ! ” ¶ “ George — what's the matter with George ? ” asked the old farmer. “ He's away at Fothergal's, and won't be home till late — the girl's demented ! ” ¶ “ He's lying, ” said Jenny, still in the same loud excited tones, “ in the loft over the stable — he's lying dead ! ” ¶ “ Dead ! ” echoed the farmer. “ Why thou's mad, lass ! George went to Fother- gal's hours ago. Thou's seen a ghost — thy wits are gone ! ” ¶ “ He's lying dead ! ” repeated the girl, and she once more began shrieking and screaming, and fell off the chair in which they had placed her, and began rolling in convulsions on the kitchen floor. ¶ “ She's mad, ” said old Rendall, “ utterly mad. Lock the doors, Maud, lass — George won't be home till late — and try to get the girl to bed. ” ¶ Then Maud spoke. ¶ “ Uncle, ” she said, in husky accents, “ let us go and look for George. ” ¶ “ For George ! Art thou mad, too ? George is at Fothergal's, I tell thee, and won't be home till dawn, most like. Get the girl to bed, and get to bed thyself — I'll sit up for George. ” ¶ Maud said nothing more. She half- dragged, half-lifted, the now nearly in- sensible Jenny Wren to the little bed- room, or rather hutch, in the kitchen wall, where she usually slept. The girl groaned and moaned, but the strength of the spirit which the old man had poured down her throat held her senses in bondage, and presently she fell into a heavy stupor or sleep. ¶ The old farmer also soon dozed again in his easy chair by the fire. Only Maud Eliot kept awake — only the dark restless eyes never closed, and the restless clutch- ings of her hands never ceased. Some- times she moaned aloud and her mind wandered — wandered back to when she was a child — to her dead father — to the summer days of sunshine and joy, to the chill autumn, and then to the blacd° winter which of late had fallen on her soul. ¶ Was she going mad ? she suddenly asked herself. Mad ! There was her old uncle dozing by the fire — there was the girl Jenny Wren lying in her heavy sleep. /Where was George ?/ She started up — she opened the kitchen shutter, and looked out at the thousand thousand myriads of stars twinkling in the heavens. They saw she thought — they saw George now — and she fell down on her knees, and covered her face, groaning aloud in the anguish of her soul. ¶ CHAPTER II. ¶ BY DAYLIGHT. ¶ About midnight the old farmer awoke. The fire had burnt low, the candle was flickering in the socket, and the old man was cold, cross, and captious. ¶ He pulled out his big silver watch, and began scolding his niece. ¶ “ What's thou sitting up for, thou fool, ” he said, “ at this hour. Waiting for George, I warrant. Ay — thou'll wait in vain — George will ha' nothing to say to thee. ”° ¶ Maud never spoke, but by chance her uncle's eyes fell on her face. ¶ “ Why lass ! ” he exclaimed, staring at the girl, “ what's come o'er thee ? Thou looks an old woman — like thy old aunt, when we put her in her coffin ! ” ¶ “ I'm tired, ” said Maud, in a low, feeble voice of pain. ¶ “ Tired ! Then get to bed, ” answered the old man. “ George won't come now, he° staying all night at Fothergal's. ” ¶ “ Let us go and look for him, ” said Maud in the same feeble voice, “ his horse may have come back. ” ¶ “ Nonsense, rubbish ! ” said old Rendall. “ The girls° demented — what's the matter with ye all to-night ? First Jenny and then thou ? Get to bed lass, get to bed.° ” and grasping his whisky bottle in one hand and his bedroom candlestick° in the other, the old farmer tottered out of the kitchen. ¶ But Maud never went to bed. She sat there till the grey cold winter dawn struggled into the kitchen window-panes. There was no fire, no light. But she had never noticed this. She noticed, however, when the chill daylight began to creep over the world, and she rose and went across the kitchen, and stood looking for a few moments at the still sleeping girl Jenny Wren. ¶ A handsome woman was this Jenny in the coarse and somewhat full-blown type. Her skin was white, her cheeks were rosy, her eyes small, brown, and unintellectual. Her nose also was small and neatly formed, while her mouth was thick and large, and her jaw square and determined- looking. Her form was full, broad, and developed, and as Maud stood watching her, a look of disgust and scorn came over her own pale passionate face. ¶ Then she turned silently away, and leaving the kitchen she went up to her own bedroom, and began quickly to re- place all her dresses and clothes in the chests of drawers as they had been before she dragged them out on the previous evening. When she had done this, she returned to the kitchen and awoke Jenny. ¶ “ Get up, Jenny, ” she said, “ it is past seven o'clock. ” ¶ The girl Jenny could scarcely rouse her- self. She sat up in bed, she rubbed her eyes, and stared in a sort of stupefied way at Maud. Then she looked frightened, and began to cry. ¶ “ Oh ! Miss Maud, ” she said, “ was I dreaming — or — or — is Mr. George really dead ? ” ¶ “ What do you mean Jenny ? ” asked Maud. ¶ “ He is lying in the loft, ” wept Jenny. “ I thought I saw him lying in the loft ! I lifted him up, Miss Maud — Oh ! Oh ! it was so awful ! ” And Jenny wept louder than before. ¶ “ Hush, girl, ” said Maud, sternly. “ If you saw anything — really saw anything — in the loft, come now and tell my uncle. ” ¶ Jenny trembled, shivered, and cried, but finally on being urged by Maud, she rose, and together the two women went up to the old farmer's room. ¶ In a four-post bed, with faded green moreen curtains, trimmed with a faded binding that had once been yellow, the old man was lying asleep. Snoring, grunting, dreaming, he lay — dreaming may be, golden dreams — grasping in his sleep some ideal bargain that his lean and paralysed hands had coveted when awake. ¶ He scowled angrily when the girls awoke him, scowled and swore ; called Jenny a “ cursed fool, ” and Maud an “ idle fanci- ful hussy. ” But at last unwillingly he rose, and shuffled his “ shrunk shanks ” into his brown woollen stockings and grey knee-breeches, and grumbling and cough- ing he went downstairs, followed by the girls. ¶ Then he unlocked the back door of the house and limped and tottered out into the wet and slushy farmyard. This was enclosed in a square of farm-buildings ; the stable being at the opposite side to the house. Over the stables was a roomy and commodious loft, which when a youth George Rendall the younger had fitted up for a workshop. Here the two younger Rendalls kept all their peculiar belong- ings ; their fishing tackle, their guns, their best gardening and farming utensils were all stored here. George also, who had a taste for drawing, would sometimes take an industrious fit, and draw for hours by the loft window, which was furnished with a deal table, and which looked out on the pleasant green meadows beyond. ¶ He generally wrote his letters here also, and often smoked here, so that the loft was regarded in the establishment at the farm as belonging to “ George, ” in parti- cular, though the younger brother Robert occasionally used it. ¶ Grumbling and swearing then, the old farmer made straight for the loft in the pale, cold light of the winter morning. Behind him, with a white set face walked Maud Eliot, and shrinking, cowering and crying after her came the girl Jenny Wren. ¶ “ Ay, this is a nice fool's errand, ” growled the old man as he unlocked the stable door. “ George, indeed — George is at Fothergal's — but ye're jealous of him, lasses, that's it — jealous of him, both of ye. ” ¶ The lock was soon turned, and the stable-door was open. A broad-stepped ladder led to the loft. Up this the old farmer panting and swearing now ascended. His head and body had disappeared into the loft ; but his thin legs and feet were still on the ladder, when the two women below heard him give a cry. ¶ “ George, my lad, George, ” he said and the next moment, more quickly than his age warranted, he sprang into the loft, and the two white-faced, fear-stricken girls followed. ¶ This is what they saw. George — the handsome George Rendall — was sitting in a chair before the table by the loft window. His head had fallen on the table, his hands hung limply down. They drew nearer — there was blood on his bright brown hair, blood on the table, blood on the floor ? And his face ? It was crushed down on some verses he had been writing out ; crushed out of shape ; out of the fair lineaments which had won the love of woman so easily ; crushed and broken, for his murderer or murderess had struck him from behind ; struck him on the head with a leaden-topped hammer, which now lay on the floor near him, and to which some of his bright hair still clung. ¶ At this terrible sight Jenny Wren fell shrieking on the floor, while Maud Eliot stood looking grey and cold, looking as if she were turned to stone. The old man seemed scarcely to understand at first. ¶ “ George ! George ! ” he kept crying ; but George's spirit had winged its flight from earth hours before that grey chill dawn. He was stiff and cold ; he had died apparently as his head fell beneath the crashing blow which had destroyed his life, for there was no signs of any struggle, nor even of a brief death agony. ¶ At last the old man seemed to realize that his son was dead, and then he turned fiercely and accusingly to the two women. ¶ “ Which o' ye ha' done it ? ” he said, and he kicked the shrinking Jenny with his foot. “ Thou fool ! ” ( and he swore a terrible oath ), “ I've had my eye on ye ! What ! did ye come behind, and knock the lad on the head because ye were jealous mad o' him ? But ye shall hang for't ! Hang, ay, hang, if there's law in the land — ye shall be hanged by the neck till ye're dead ! ” ¶ These words seemed to recall Jenny's scattered senses. She ceased shrinking ; she rose to her feet. ¶ “ I didn't do it, master, ” she said. “ He was a bad man, ” she added, vindictively enough, “ he's got his due, maybe, but not from me — though I've had good cause to rue I ever saw his face ! ” ¶ “ Ay, ” said the old farmer, savagely, “ he was a handsome lad, and none of ye would let him be ! His blood was on thy hands last night thou foul jade, when thou came to the house shrieking and screaming like a mad thing. Thou'd struck the blow then. Don't lie about it — thou's killed my lad ! ” ¶ “ I didn't, master, ” said Jenny, em- phatically. “ I went out to lock in, as ye know, and I had the lantern wi' me, and I thought I would ha' a look among George's things. I came up the ladder from the stable — I mind it all now, though my head has been stupid-like ever since ; but I came up wi' the lantern in my hand, and I saw him ” ( and Jenny pointed shudderingly to George's corpse ). “ I took hold of him. I saw he was dead, and I ran mad-like to the house, and I mind nothing more till Miss Maud called me this morning. This is the truth, master. I know nothing more. ” ¶ “ Who did it, then ? ” said the old man. “ There wasn't a soul in the place but ye two, and me — an old broken man like me — ay, I's fairly broken now when George is gone ! Who'll work the farm now ? Who'll go to market ? Robert is naught to him. I've lost my right hand when I've lost George ! ” ¶ While old Rendall was thus bewailing his son's untimely end, the sound of a horse's tread was heard in the farmyard below and a cheery voice a moment or two later, applying for admission at the back door of the house. ¶ “ There's some one ! ” exclaimed old Rendall. “ Thank the Almighty, we'll ha' this foul job sifted now. ” ¶ But he would not leave the loft until he had sent the two girls out before him. Maud Eliot would have stayed. Her frozen, stony gaze was still fixed on the crushed head lying on the table. How she had loved him, how she had loved him ! she was thinking. Night and day, for two long years the thought of him had never for a moment been absent from her heart. She had lived for him alone, making this ardent, vain, handsome young man her idol, and he had wearied of her worship when he was satisfied that he had completely won her. ¶ So she would have lingered beside her dead. But old Rendall would not allow this. ¶ “ No, no, my lass, ” he said, “ leave him alone. The Coroner and the police must see him first. Go out of the loft both o' ye, and I'll come after ye. I'll ha' to be sharp, double sharp, now. ” ¶ Maud made no remonstrance. She went first down the ladder from the loft, and the girl Jenny followed, and the old man went last. In the farmyard Maud found their nearest neighbour, Jackson Fothergal, of Miltown Farm. ¶ “ Why, Miss Maud, ” he said heartily, “ I thought ye all must be asleep, as I could get no one to hear. I'm on my road to Norsely market, and I thought I'd just look in to ask why George didn't cast up last night ? The girls expected him, and they had a little hop ” —— ¶ But here the farmer from Miltown abruptly paused, for he had noticed the expression of Maud's ashen face. ¶ “ Nothing's amiss, I hope ? ” he asked. ¶ By this time old Rendall had appeared in the farmyard, and with a sort of move- ment of her hand Maud indicated that Mr. Fothergal had better speak to her uncle, and leaving the old man to tell the ghastly tale to his neighbour, Maud went into the kitchen, and for the first time since her cousin's death burst into a sudden fit of passionate tears. ¶ “ Don't take on so, Miss, ” said Jenny, who had followed her, “ he wasn't worth it — there's better men in the world nor he. ” ¶ “ Hush, hush, girl ? ” cried Maud, with strange wild emphasis, “ he's dead — let him alone. ” ¶ Jenny sighed, and then began to scrape out the cinders in the grate, and proceeded to light the kitchen fire. Death does not interrupt the meals of the living. We dine in time of tragedy as well as in times of comedy. The old farmer presently came in, and the whisky bottle was brought out. Mr. Fothergal took a glass to steady his nerves, after seeing the ghastly sight in the stable loft, and old Rendall took a glass also, and then Fothergal mounted his horse again, and went to give notice of the murder to the police. ¶ This Fothergal was a kindly man enough, yet he felt a sort of pleasure and pride in being the first to tell the awful news. He stopped the labourers going to their work in the fields, as he rode along the road, and told his terrible tale of murder and of death. He called at the farmhouses on the way also, and before midday the whole country side knew that George Rendall the younger was lying a disfigured corpse in the loft over his father's stable. ¶ About twelve o'clock the Inspector of Police at Norsely, which was the nearest police station to Redcote, arrived at the farm accompanied by two of his men. This Inspector came into the kitchen of the house in a pleasant friendly way, and shook old Rendall by the hand. ¶ “ This is a bad job, Mr. Rendall, ” he said. ¶ The old farmer took out his red cotton pocket-handkerchief, and began to wipe his eyes. ¶ “ Who did it, Mr. Rendall ? ” ¶ “ That's what I ask — who did it ? ” said old Rendall. ¶ Mr. Abel Pye, the Inspector, smiled benevolently. ¶ He was a big, tall, fat man this, who spent his life in ferreting out crimes, but by the expression of his face you would not have supposed that he believed in the existence of evil. He had such a trustful beaming look, and had a most agreeable manner even when he was arresting a man. He therefore smiled benevolently when old Rendall asked in the querulous tones of age who could be the murderer of his son. ¶ “ We must find out, Mr. Rendall, ” he said, “ no doubt we shall find out. ” And then accompanied by his men he went to view the body of the murdered man. ¶ The arrival of the police seemed to throw Jenny Wren into a terrible flutter. She hated the sight of them, she said, and when they returned to the kitchen to take the depositions of the inhabitants of the farm, Mr. Abel Pye's smiling and benevo- lent eyes followed Jenny's movements with looks of great admiration and interest. ¶ “ Some tramp must ha' done it, Mr. Pye, ” said Jenny boldly enough, before she had been asked any questions. ¶ “ A tramp, ” answered Mr. Inspector smiling, “ you think it was a tramp then, my dear ? But it must have been a funny tramp, if it was a tramp — a well-to-do tramp, a tramp of means — for in the poor lad's pockets there was this money — three sovereigns and fourteen shillings in silver. ” And the Inspector held out the money he had named in his hand. ¶ “ Three sovereigns and fourteen shil- lings in silver ? ” repeated old Rendall, rising from his chair hastily, and peering eagerly into the Inspector's open hand. “ I'll just take charge of it then, Mr. Pye. ” ¶ “ Not at present, Mr. Rendall, ” said Mr. Pye blandly and considerately. “ For the present it must remain in my charge. ” ¶ “ Three sovereigns and fourteen shil- lings in silver ! ” again said old Rendall, as if he were thinking aloud ; “ then George must ha' kept back some of the money he got for the turnips — I thought he did. ” ¶ “ And this well-to-do tramp, ” continued Mr. Pye, still looking smilingly at Jenny, “ must also have despised taking poor Mr. George's handsome gold watch and Albert chain — for here they are. ” And the Inspector held up a watch and chain as he spoke. ¶ “ Ay, ” said old Rendall eagerly, “ that's George's watch sure enough. His mother bought it for him out of the butter money the day he was twenty-one. You'll not take that away surely from the farm, Mr. Pye ? ” ¶ “ For the present, ” answered Mr. Pye, “ but it will be quite safe Mr. Rendall. When we've caught our hare you shall have it back. ” ¶ Then in the most agreeable manner in the world Mr. Pye began to question Jenny. ¶ “ Take care of what you say, my dear, mind, ” he said ; “ only just tell me what you saw when you went to look in ? ” ¶ Jenny repeated the same story that she had told old Rendall in the loft. ¶ She thought she would like to “ ha' a look at George's things, ” she said, and she blushed scarlet. ¶ The Inspector made no comment on the girl's tale ; none when Maud Eliot told him that she knew nothing. She had seen her cousin George, she said, in the kitchen after dinner, and he had then told her he was going to Fothergal's farm. She had spent the most of the evening in her own room, sorting her things, until Jenny's cries had attracted her attention. She had seen her cousin's body first, when she saw it with her uncle. ¶ Mr. Inspector took his notes, and then made arrangements with the old farmer for the Coroner's inquest to be held on George Rendall's body the next day. He would leave one of his men at the farm, he said, and after a lengthened private conversation with this man the In- spector took a friendly leave of them all — including Jenny — and went smiling on his way. ¶ The rest of the day was a terribly trying one to Maud Eliot. One after the other curious visitors arrived, and they all came into the house to exchange a word with her uncle. Old Rendall was in a state of strange excitement. He wept maudlin tears, he drank whisky, he sighed and groaned, yet he ate his dinner, and squabbled because the potatoes were ill- cooked, though his first-born was lying cold and stiff in death. ¶ The younger son, Robert, returned home during the afternoon. He was good-looking, but lacked points which had made his unfortunate elder brother hand- some. He knew that George was dead when he arrived at the farm, and he was evidently very much shocked and over- come by the news. ¶ Yet at supper-time they all sat down to enjoy the repast. The policeman, who had been left at the farm, was invited to join the family board, and he ( naturally not being overcome with grief ) talked to Robert, and then they began smoking together, and Jenny went fussing about the kitchen, and the old man dozed in his chair, just as if no tragedy had happened outside the door. ¶ Only Maud Eliot broke no bread and spoke no word. The girl had a frozen, stoney look, and she wandered restlessly up and down stairs, into the kitchen, into the parlour, the whole afternoon and evening. Then, when they were all engaged in the kitchen eating, drinking, and smoking, she determined to steal out of the house to look once more on her dead cousin's face. ¶ She glanced up to the heavens as she went outside the door. Overhead, the stars, the silent watchers of the night, were keeping sentinel. She shuddered when she saw them — shuddered, and ran trembling across the farmyard, and tried to open the stable-door. ¶ But it was locked. The policeman left on duty had seen that his ghastly charge was safe before he went into the house to enjoy himself. Maud could not thus look again in secret and in silence on George's face. The guardian of the law held pos- session, and the woman who had loved the dead man could only wail and weep outside. ¶ She knelt down, and leaned her head wildly and miserably against the stable- door. As she did so, something touched her shoulder. She started violently and looked around, but it was only the house- dog standing looking at her with dumb sympathy. Presently he whined and scratched at the stable-door. He had been George's dog, and missed his master, and had followed Maud out, leaving his bone untouched on the kitchen floor. ¶ So the woman and the dog held their wake together. How long Maud scarcely knew, but after a while she heard some one calling her name in the house, and with a shuddering sigh she rose from her knees. ¶ “ Good-by, George, ” she murmured before she turned away. “ Good- by for evermore — for evermore. ” ¶ ———— A Matrimonial Difficulty Got Over. — Deafness is a distressing infirmity, and has not unfrequently given occasion to unpleasant mis- understandings, but not often to a more ludicrous one than is recorded by a Shrewsbury paper as having occurred in a church near that town on a recent Sunday. The clergyman had just announced that a christening service would be held in the afternoon, and that patents must bring their children before 3 o'clock, when up jumped the clerk, and supplemented the an- nouncement with the information that persons who had none “ might be supplied in the vestry at sixpence apiece. ” It seems that the zealous functionary had misunderstood the clergyman's notice as applying to a new hymn-book. “ Been to Board School, my boy ? ” — “ Yes,Sir ! ” “ Passed out with certificate ? ” — “ Yes, Sir ! ” “ Well, look here ! Four pounds of salmon at half-a-crown a pound—what would that be ? ” — “ Ten shillings, Sir ! ” “ Quite right, my boy. Here's sixpence for you. But stop a moment ! What would twenty pounds of salmon at four- pence-halfpenny be ? ”—“ Why, stinking, yer jolly old stupid ! 'Olesale it's eighteenpence ! ”— Punch. 