SATURDAY, BBPTJSUBTT. 3. The illiterate man who took such an interest in the University contests con ducted in the Latin language affirmed that he always knew which ilisputant was getting the best of the argument by the other fellow losing his temper. The same teat may fairly be aiplied to the discussions in our Legislative As sembly. The manner in which minis ters snap and snarl, lose their teinj-er, and scold their opponents instead of attempting to refute their arguments, leads indubitably to the conclusion that the arguments cannot be refuted, nnd that Ministers are fully aware of the feet, and savage because such is the ense. The Colonial Secretary is not a whit more peppery and violentthan tlieMiuister for WorkB and the Premier. Having secured their ' solid phalanx,' Ministers are absolutelv safe from ativ adverse vote in the House, no matter what, they may do nor how seriously they may outrage all rules and precedents of constitu tionalgovernment by using their power to buy political support, or reward political supporters and punish political oppo nents. At the same time, they appear to be painfully conscious .that this high-handed course, although it cau be indulged in with perfect 'im- punity in Parliament, does serious dam age to them outside when it is shown in its true colours. The number of per sons whose goodwill can be secured by personal benefits conferred upon them is, after all, very small in com parison with those who are made the victims of such favouritism'; and the injustice suitered is remembered when the benefits conferred are forgotten. The day of reckoning will surely come, although it may be distant; and the reckoning will be sharper in proportion to the completeness of the . record of misdoing. Even the bravado which Ministers assume at times jbetrnjs an undercurrent of fear aud 'misgiving. Public opinion is not that utterly des picable and contemptible thing to Minis ters which they sometimes affirm it to be. And this is the justification of the Opposition for persisting in exposing, as far as possible, the partiality and in justice perpetrated by the Ministry, first in one direction and then in another, cKU.-al, — u i ? .— :-o --!.., e fl.n^o io nr, shadow of a chance of carryiHg anv vote of want of confidence as a punishment for their wrong doing. The questions asked in the Assembly on 'Wednesday and Thursday night, for instance, by the Leader of the Oppo sition, brought down upon him a perfect torrent of scolding from the Premier, the Colonial Secretary, the Minister for Works, the Minister for Lands, and several of the more prominentsupporters of the Ministrv. But this scolriino- nnd vituperation did not prove thafT the matters referred to were either frivolous or improper ones to be inquired about in Parliament. It proved the contrary as far as it proved anything ; and the vehemence with which Ministers de nounced such questioning demonstrated their consciousness of having no defence to make. Take the questions respect ing the Queensland National Bank. On Wednesday, Mr. Griffith asked the Premier : — (1) ;Ib it a fact that there are only three director* of tha Queensland National Bauk Limited with whioh an agreement is subsisting for the transaction of the general Government banking business of the colony ? (2) Is it a faot that two ot the directors of that baak are also members of tho Government ? (3) Is the Colonial Treasurer a shareholder in that bank f (4) Do the Government think it conducive to the publio interests that a majority of the directors of tha bank whioh transacts the bank ing business of the Government, under agree ment, should ba also members of the Govern ment I The only reply Mr. M'Iltveaith deigned to give to these questions was, in. effect, to tell Mr. Griffith to find out the information for himself, thereby leaving it to be inferred that it is a fact that there are onlv_ three directors of this bank with which an agreement is subsisting for the transaction of the general Gov ernment banking business of the colony ; that two of the directors of the bank are also members of the Government ; and that the Colonial Treasurer is a shareholder of that bank. And, if such be the case, it is a position which no ministry ought to be placed in, and least of nil Buch a ministry as the present one has proved itself to be Men who notoriously favour their supporters iu and out of Parliament, and who attempt to crush their opponents with a remorse less severity which has no parallel in the History ot the colony, are not exactly the persons who should have directorial control over the bank which transacts the Government business and also be members of the Government whose business is transacted there. Any man of^ ordinary intelligence, who considers this matter calmly in all its bearings, cannot fail to come to the conclusion that the questions are very serious oneB indeed, and such as the Leader of the Opposition was in duty bound to ask, and such as the Premier ought to have been able to answer with an emphatic 'no,' as far bb the Government were concerned. The manner in which Mr. M'Il wnAiTH invests his private capital is no concern of anyone. But the Premier bad no answer to make to these ques tions on 'Wednesday night, except to tell the Leader of the Opposition to go and get the information from the Bank or tho Supreme Court, and to add — ' Wlien the hon. gentleman has ob (nined the 'information he Becks, the Government will not object to hear hiB opinion, and will, no doubt, be prepared to give theirs ; ' and on Thursday night lie «alled them ' paltry, fiddling little questions ! ' Evidently the Premier w of opinion that such a state oT things w is suggested by the questions above re ferred to is not an undesirable one with a ministry in power, of which he bim (?plf is the head, and, so long as n majority in Parliament are prepared to support him and his colleagueB, that it i« mere impertinence for any political opponent to take the slightest notice of !»: TTi.f/vntiimifniTr fnp Viim 'thill is not the popular opinion outside the circle of his supporters, and it would be an evil day for Queensland when such an opinion was popular. . Another set of questions which have irritated Ministers exceedingly during the last two sitting days have been those put by Mr. GBrFFiTH with reference to the extension of the Southern and 'Western Eailway from Roma. The stoppage of that work sixteen months ago, and the pushing forward of the ex tensions of the Central and Northern trunk lines during the period, is as barefaced a piece of political favouritism as was ever perpetrated by any minis try in any British colony possessing local representative government. The simultaneous extension of the three trunk lines for equal distances at equal cost, was the fundamental principle in the railway policy of the Ministry when they took office. They brought forward resolutions embodying this prin ciple, and carried them in the Assembly in spite of strenuous opposition. The BUinB necessary for carrying out the three extensions were formally voted, and included in the Loan Act — and after all that the Ministry, to punish certain members of the Opposition for daring, sixteen months ago, to ask the Colonial Secretary to postpone the acceptance of tenders for all the works for six weeks, until Parliament had met — have refused to proceed with the Southern and Western extension, while hurrying on the Northern and Central ones as speedily as possible all the time. There can be no mistake about the thing, for Ministers now, every time the matter is mentioned, bring up this, deputation to the Colonial Secretary, ni on am nip inntifiVation - for- the course which has been tabe-n. TWb pettifogging ' and miseralfte. excuse, which is more characteristic of the sharp ' practice of a New York attorney than of a British statesman, is cited to vindicate the departure from a ministerial policy! because that departure happens to favour political supporters and punish poli tical opponents. The Leader of the Opposition decided that the time had come now-, after sixteen months waiting, to ascertain specifically from the Min istry What they proposed to do with regard to the Southern and: Western extension and when they proposed to commence doing it. The' Minister for Works, the Premier, and the Colonial Secretary replied with gibes nnd BneerB to the effect that the Leader of the Opposition and his fol lowers must wait and see. This is the only answer they think it worth while to give, and yet they are highly indig nant at the questions being asked. Such conduct needs no comment. Naw Insolvbnt. - Patrick Kenealy, of Gayn dnh, general storekeeper, was yesterday adju. dicated insolvent upon his own petition, the first meeting of creditors in the estate being fixed for the 22nd inBtant. Thb Football Sbasok. — W« note by adver tisement that the programme of sports for the winding up of the football season is now ready. It is well prepared, and should be ' tha means of uniting in a friendly manner tho city clubs. A special feature is the champion raoe of 260 yards, whioh will probably oocnpy most at tention on the part of the chief runners. Policb Court. — At the Police Court, this morning, before the Police Magistrate, one drunkard was discharged, and Anne Keith, for a similar offence, was fined £1, with the alter native of twenty-four hours in the oells. James M'Kei'zio, for assaulting Edith Newton, was fined £2, with 4s. fid. oosts, in default fourteen days' imprisonment. TttAFFlO Returns —The traffic returns of the Southern and Western Eailway, for tho week ending August 27, show an increase compared with last year (in all departments), of £841 4s' 4d. Thire was an increase (also under all heads) in the Central returns of £1,004 18s. 8d. The takings -on the Northern Eailway were £254 10s. ; on the Bnndaberg Railway, £17 6s. — passengers, £8 15s. 3d. ; goods and live stoolr, £7 14b 3d. ; parcels and miscellaneous, 16s. 6d. Maryborough Kailway, £486 13s. 7d. Pkoebssob Peppbe. — Formerly the announce ment that a ghost waB about would have soared people into staying at home with heads under the bedclothes. Nowadays it fills them with a desire to make olose acquaintance with the strange visitant, eapeoially when the ghost ia of Professor Pepper's raising. The professor'. announcement that he would have several jrhoBts on hand at the Mlnories last night sufficed to bring a orowd of the ourious to gether— ao large, that the room, big as it in, did not suffice to bold them all, and at least half a hundred had to leave in searoh of a less Bupernatunal entertainment. Attempts have been made to show the Pepper ghost hero; but these, for the most part, have been failures. If anybody knows how to c;et along with ghosts it is Professor Pepper He knows ' their tricks and thoir ways' to a hair. Those who visited the Professor's room last night hud their full monov's worth. First of all, there waB a aeries of beautiful dioramio views of some of the finest specimens of sculp ture in the world, and then after an interval for preparation, the ghost business was entered upon. The first effects Bhown were presented through the medium of a short sketch — Pyg- malion and Qnlatea. Tho figures introduced ? we prefer to call thorn ghosts — went through suoh marvellous phase* that the audienoe were lost iu astonishment and delight, expressed by plaudits that could bo board half way up Queen-street. Tho illusions were indeed, perfoot. After another short intorval, the Professor again gave an account of torpedo warfare, tha illustra tions on the large screen nffording tho audience evident pleasure. Then thero was sumo more ghost business— this time ' Banquo's Ghost.' Such efftots wero produoed as would, if introduced in ' Mucboth,' make th»t blood bolterod trxgedy go down with an audienoo ovon though it should be rendered by the vilest stook oompany ever got together by impecuni oH« manager No one should fail to see the Popper ghosts, which will be on view again to night. We must not omit saying that the entertainment is varied by some agreeable piano music. 