UNSORTED 2ITEMS. The architect of the new Station houses on the Gippsland line must be a person of refined and elegant testes. He has managed to give very great prominence to certain accommniodation ; edifices, usually, placed in the back e- ground in civilised habitations, and ob te trided them quite unnecessarily before id th'e~'?piblics gaze. :" I will w'illingly' subscribe for a leather medal for this artist, who gratuitously offends the eyes of genteel folks, accustomed to seeing things managed differently But I think the residents of Dande nong especially, will not sustain their reputation for refinement and culti or rated habits, if they don't see to it that my 'architecturanl frienid is not allowed to continue to obtrude his original designs any longer without a proper screen being provided for them. So we're going after all to have the road to the Railway Station lighted up with one tremendous big double reflecting power lamp. , Fancy! one d bi lamp ? ' As you turn round tie corner of the main street, a light, somewhere up near Ordish's, will greet your optics. That lamp's to be used as a guiding star-you are to make for it, and in. making for this light r you may stumble over all' kinds of gutters, and when you rench it, then go on in darkness until:the station is I reached. Well I guess half-a-dozen lamps on that road wouldn't go amiss. We want the lights to lighten our darkness to and from the station, so that we may not be in danger of breaking our legs-One lamp! Are.we not coming out? but let us be thainkful t for ?what. woe. have, and hope that in I future we may have more lamps on on the track than one double reflector ! The Powlett fellows proved them selves one of the best and well-con ducted clubs that has visited Dande nong for some time-regular young gentlemen-but look here, there's no use in their trying to make out that l they 'allowed the 'Dndenoug to win a by way of a little encouragement; a That's not good enough, for there are I' very few of the Melbourne footballers tI who would take the trouble to come tl up and get licked ! I know, if I was v a footballer I would be inclined to go a home with my " tail up," and -not " down," over- a small hammering. There is no mistake but they went in b for the play of the game and not for S " standing " over the ball and tl " going" for the first man that o' tried to molest it. One astonishing g item during the game was the call 8 for a' gentle game. I noticed one a Dandenongite . make. for .the fellow ' directly, and having taken the ball, was requested by the Powlettite to " pray, play a gentlemanly game, " as if this could he done in football, where it's every man for his own side, anti the Lord for us all. It has been definitely decided that tt a porter is not to he appointed at the of Railway station. Dandenong. Then whatis it td be ? ,An accident to our worthy and very' attenetie young ct stationmaster ? It has already been b3 brought under thenotice of the De- at partment that a porter is badly wanted, and yet they will not accede to the re- M quest. A porter is appointed at places c, where the business is not half so large as as at Dandenong. We all know how co binding the duties are here, and how T the stationmaster has to hop in and out of the carriage wheels-this he; sai has to do to enable him. to. get. the op trains awayv at, their proper time, 't which is decidedly a' risk of life. I believe in human beings, but when it fu comes to slave drivers I feel almost in- as chdined to give up the ghost and say ap \- amen. vt It is not every day that the Dande- R nongyouths have a " rise " taken out d~ of them in a quiet and effective way. an Last Sunday several of these young "a men met a smart looking young Pt man walking with great speed down u' the Berwick road; instantly began a M general " chi-ack." These smart local an young men, calling out, wanted to o know, "what drove him mad," " who tied him loose," and sundry other ,a slangy sentiments. The young man, rit who continued walking and passing lis the crowd, raised his hat, and wished m then politely-" Good day."-Later in the day this pedestrian turned out to th be no other than the champion walker th of Adelaide- Creig! and how awk- wi ward the lads in question must have pl felt to-think that thejb 'had:even tried bi to take a rise out of such an adept in ti the exercise of walking. of Mr Peter Campbell, 1the bush mis:2 sionary.in his aniti-free thought lecture May 23nd, combatted the assertions o frequently made by many persons thn as the various schools of " free thought"' including .the:IMaterialistic,' Ritualistid Spiritualistic, anil Unitri?ain; also thd so-called broad chuirch; as well as cer rain " Scientific" outcomes and move- "i ments, are either modern; progressive:; or advanced!l, *The'!lect'trer alleged ,u that these were all old ideas 'and h movements simply clothied in scanety modern, intellectual clothing.: 'IHe ta denied that the present period was ed so enlightened ':i 'adia'iced as many speakersand writers claimed it to he; m The cheap fleshly, blood, murder, and as suicide style as well as the threepenyn o dretdful:Kamples~ of gossiping iteri'. ture paid best. The hordes of adult larrikius, pests to policemen and be beaters of harmless Chinamen, as well di as the troops of uncnred for and ne- to glected cursing, swearing, smoking, stealing or begging little urchins who swarmed in our street, were anything en (inter alea) but signs of enlightened dt progress and advancement. On the " contrary, we ought to be ashamed of these social ulcers, and strive rather to cure them, than to make idle and silly boasts about our so-called " progress and advancement." Alluding alsoto to the so-called Broad Church movement an he said it was a very oldaffair in the c history of the Churches. Whenever a thle Chlrches were cold or indifferent th about true religion, during ;he last c centuries, mIoderation or narrowing p down the doctrine of Christ's atone- l ment was the favorite pursuit of a Ce party which always had been the fore runner of the Broad Church move- an ments of to-day. When a church nar- i rows down the Atonement to such a de- 01 greens almost to try and explan it away (or rathonalise it) altogether; surely e it cannot then (said Mr Campbell) be H truly termed a broad church. In such s a case it is difficult to see wherein its d breadth, depth or width, intellectually speaking, consists, or comes in. The lecturer counselled his hearers to stick to Bible truths in preference to Free taougihs cpceits. Country potpn to beoeared widow of doctor in York;hirei "I cannot tell how pained I was to heor that your husband bad hi gone to heaven. We were bosom friends, ta aruow vs shall nevr aset apin." de 