Literary Notices. ' Songs of' the Spbijjgtlde,:'* by Axgebnon C. Swtnbuk^e. Chatto and 'Windus. London, ISSO.v Since Shelley, the greatest lyrical poet of his own or any previous age, we have had no greater singer than Mr. Swinburne j and in these, his latest Bongs, we still feel the force of the master hand which (next to the ' Prometheus Unbound') gave ?as the finest poems of modern days — the ' Atalanta in Colydon' and 'Erecthius'V- those ?wonderful interoretations of the tremendous ele isentary powers of nature ;r of the uncontrollable forces of wind aad waves, and'frost and fire, and the strong movements of the uncounted stars; which fill the soul with a sense of vastnees, as though one suddenly stood upon the overhanging edge of apace, and saw it sweeping outward into infinity ! There are four poems in all. ' ThaUassms,' the cpening one, is the story in song of a child found on the sea shore— like oar 'Arthur of Old Legends' — and' brought mp by an ' old man elo quent,' a poet of high and great aspirations in intense love of xature and its mighty mysteries, and of the sea, whence he seemed to spring .from, and of that liberty of which he is the eternal type! Upon the flowery forefront o! the year, One wandering by the grey-green April sea i'«ur-d -m a. reach of shinjrle and shallower sand Inlaid with starrier g-limraeriiig' jewellery Jjeit for the sun's love and the light wind's cheer Along the foam-flowered strand Breeze-brightened, something nearer sea than land Though the last shoreward blossom-fringe was near, A babe asleep with flower-s»ft face that gleamed To sun aud seaward as it laughed and dreamed. Toe sure of either love for either's fear, Albeit so birdlike slight and light, it seemed Nor man nor raorsal chUd of man, but fair As eyen its twin- born tenderer spray-flowers were, That the wind, scatters like an Oread's fiair. And round the resonant radiance of hiB car 'Wliere depth is one-with height, Light heard as music, musie seen as light And witk that second moohdawn of the spring's That fosters'the first rose, A sun-child whiter than the sunlit snows Was born out of the world of snnless things That round the round earth flows and ebbs and flows, * * ? ? * ? So with the light that lightened from the lyre 'Was all the bright heat in the child's heart stirred And blown with blasts of music into flame Till even his sense became Fire, as the sense that fires the singing bird Whose song calls sight l)y name. And in the soul within the sense began The manlike passion of e. godJifce man. And in the sense within, the spul ^guin Thoughts that mane men of gods amd cods of men. Tea ! if God ' made meu but little lower than the angels,' then surely the greatest- poets, at their highest, must come vary near the 'connect- ing link' (at times) between man and the im mortals '. ' On the Cliffs :*' No poet of modern days could possibly understand and sympathise more fully ?with the intense sentiment of Sappho than_ Mr. Swinburne does in this ?ede to the ' Sweet sing ing Lesbian,' with whom, in so many ways, his spirit seems so kindred in the softer and less ma jestic effects of his genius; and to the nightingale, the living embodiment of -her deathless song ; Hast thon neno other answer then^for me Than the air may have of thee. Or the earth's warm wo«dlande girdling with green girth Thy secret sleepless burning life »n earth. Or even the eea that once, being-Women crowned And jpirt with fire and gloiy of anguish round, Thou wert eo fain to soek to, fain to crave If she would hear thee and but* And give thee comfort of thy great green grare? Because I'have known thee always who thon art, Thou kaowest, have tnowii thee to thy heart's own heart, If or ever have given light 'ear to storied song That did thy sweet name sweet unwitting wrong, 2Jor ever hiva called thee jj/pe would call for shame. Thou knowest, but inly bjtthin© only name, - S5at- pho— because I hav« known thee aud loved, liast thon STone other answer now? As brother and sister were we, ehilfl find bird, Sinoe thy fir»t Lesbian word Flamed on me, an£ I knew not whence I knew This was die song that struct my whole soul through, Pierced my keen spirit of sense with edge more keen, Xren when I knew not — even ere Boot* was «ot» — 'When thon wast bat the tanAy swaet winded thing Whose cry was but of spring. 'The Garden of Oymodoce' is a song of the sea-girt Isle of Sark (oaeof the Channel Islands), and the hey- note of it is admiration of Victor Hugo, who occasionally visited its all but inacces sible coast during his loag banishment from Prance. The whole verse is instinct with the sound of measureless waters, the sweep of mns terlese winds, and the splendour of the immea curable suns and stars of space in all -the silent and unapproachable glory of their 'unresting and unh&sting;' march through, the hoary ages of time.: Was it here, in the waste of bis water*, That the lordly north wind, when 'his lOTe On the fairest of many Icing's daughters Bore down for a spoil ttats ab»Ve, ; Chose forth of all farthest far islands As a haven to harbonfher hetifl, ?Of ail lowlands on earth and all highlands, His tmdo-worthy bed ? Or baply, my eea-flower, he found thee Made f aBt as with anchors to tend, And Broke, tbat his waves mighfb* round thee, Thy t e tfcers like rivets of aandf And afar br the blast of him drifted Thy fclouom ot b«emty iws borne, As a lor- by the heart in her lifted To mix witb the storm ? By what rapture of jo«e, by whaMririom Of a heavaslier heaven tbanabore, Was ke moved to device *hy division JTrom the land as a rest for his -leve t , As a nest when his wings would reraeasnre The ways where of old they would be. As a bride-bed ap-bailt toK-itia pleasure Jbr*aa»raMkaBda@&f; F*rinno doeps of fniMSt inland 2&T; Slorc fiower-brtght Sowers the hawthorn, or more sweet Swells the wild sold of the earth for wandering feet j Foronnonorthlind ?w»y Crowd* the close -whin -bloom closer, set like thee. * ? ? * * A small afreet world of wave-eacompaEEed wonder, K«pt boa the greasier landward «orUL asaridex With violence of *Bd waters, ani-with thnnder Of many winds as o»e, ' To wbere tbe keen E»a-eurr.ent grinds a*d-rrets The blacfc bright sheer twin fla&eleu; Altadets That lack no live bload-eacrifice'they crave Of shipwreck and the ehrine-subBervient wave, Having for pnest the storm-wind, and {or choir Lightnings and clondi whose prayers and praise are firs. The last poem is an ' Ode -to YictoriHugro on Bis Birthday,' and refers in detail to all the writings, both in prase And poetry, of that really great genius, of whom we English know-little be-' yond his mere works of fiction, which, however able, are by no means equal to his verse, either is subtle insig-ht into the wondrous glory- of the universe, or that masterly -translation of 'it into: meaner minds, which, it is the 'sole privilege,, and mission of genius to f-OEsess and-exercise s . * A light of many lights about thine head, Lights manifold a-nd one, sjttrs molten in asan, A sun of divers beams incorporated; Compact of confluent aureoles, each more fair ,. Than man, save only, at lushest of man, may wear, So didst tiiouriee, wben thisout^ey- grown age Had trod two paces ot his pilgrimage, Two paces through tbe jrloem From his fierce father's tomb, Led by cross lights of lightnings,, atrd'the flame That burned in darkeess round one daridicgr name; .- So didst thou rise, nor knewest thy ^lory, O thon ?' fie-risenupon us now, The clory given thee for a grace tefjive, And take tbe praise e£ all men's hekrts-that'liTe. First in the dewy ray Ere dawn be slain by 'day The fresh crowned, lilies of discrowned- kings*:prime . Sprang- splendid as of old With moonlight-coloured poW . And rays refract from the -oldwbrld heaven of time j Pale with proud light of stars decreased In westward wane reluctant'f rom the conquering east.. ? v ? « 4- * Then-eastward far past northland -lea and lawn Beneath a heavier light Of stormier day and night 'Began the music of the heaven of dawri; -Brierht sound el battle along the Grecian. w(.vea, Iioud light of thunder above the Median graves, New etrife, new song on JEschylean seas, Canaris risen above Themistoclcs ; Old glory of warrior ghosts Shed fresh on filial hosts, Witti dewfail redder than the dews of day. And earth-born lightnings oat of bloodbrigrht spray ; Then through the flushed grey gloom on shadowy sheaves Low flights of falling-leaves-j And choirs of birds transfig- Bring as they throng All the world's twilight and the toul's to song. ♦ * ? ? ? One hand laid hold upea the iightning-, one Eose up to bear time witness what the enn Had seen, and what the moon and stars of nteht Beholding lost not lifrLt : From dawn to du«K what ways man-wandering trod Even through the twilight of the gods to God. Prom dawn of man ana woman twain and one, When the earliest dews impearled The front of all the world ?Einged with aurorean aureole of the sun. To days that saw Christ's teare and hallowing' breoth :*'nt lifa for -love's sake in the lips of death, ?And years-as waves whose brine was.fire, whosefoam BlooS, and the ravage of Sferonian Home; And the ?eastern crescent* e horn 'Mightier awhile than morn. If Euripides was the ' meteoric poet' of the Greeks, much more is Mr. Swinburne truly the meteoric poet of these latter days, and his verse seems to open t© ue an outlook into the illimitable vastness of things, as though, it brought within our duller sight and hearing the motion and tbe music of the spheres, with their Btately harmony of rhythmic action and their selexna melody of sonorous sound; whilst hia descriptions of Efia-side scenery seem to bring with them a sudden waft of balmy fragrance — not of a flower garden — but as of a mountain-side of wild free bloESom, and of wild sweet grass hissing and billowing in the sweeping breeze — a Bense of freedom and vigour as of windy npS&nds; overlpokr ing the world beneath, and the unwearied -war of the barren wastes of the waves with the cliffs which bulwark the fertile valleys of the earth — a largeness and a widoness of thought and feeling, which help us for one fleettng moment to faintly realise what life really meant to the vigorous fathers of our race in the sun-dawn, of time and the glowing youth of the world with their ' un eontaminate blood,' and ere their limbs and. their lungs were shackled and stifled with the slavery and the squalor of cities, and they joyed in the serene and simple strength and vital vigour of sense and soul which was their inheritance and birthright from those ? days, when the ' Angels came down unto the daughters of men and saw that they were fair.' Like a great picture, or a faultless statue, these poems require study, and the gentle reader will be more than repaid the trouble of a second and third reading, by the clear insight it will give him into the subtle beauty and esateric meaninc of 'these latest verses of the greatest poet of our day A. 'When a Western editor was sitting in his office one day, a man whose brow was clothed with thunder entered. FieiceJy seizing a chair, he slammed his hat on the table, hurled his umbrella on the floor, and sat down. ** Are you the editor?' he asked. 'Yes.' ' Can you read writing?' 'Of coarse.' ' Bead that then,' he said, thrn-?tiag atthecolonal an envelope, with an inscription u ton it. ' B ? -,' said the colonel, tryis g to spell it. ' That's not a B. It's an S,'s liA the man. SS'S; oh yes; I see. Well it looks like ' Salt for dinner,' or ' Seals of sinners/ ' said the colonel. ' No, sir,' replied the man, ' nothins of the kind. That's my name — Samuel H. Bronner, linew you couldn't read. I called to see you about that poem of mine you printed the other day, on the ' Surcease of Sorrow.'' '? I don't remember it,' said the colon eL 'Of course you don't, because it went into the paper under the infamous title of 'Smearcase To morrow*' ' ' A. blunder of .-the compositor's, I suppose.' ' Yes,4ir, and that's what £ want to see yon about. The way in which, that poem was mutilated was simply Standalone. I haven't slept a night einee. It exposed m& to derision. People think thai I am an ass. Let me show yon. The first line when £ wrote , it read in this way z Lying by a weepiapr willow, underneath a gentle elope. That is beautiful, poetic, affecting. Now, bow did yotir vile sheet present it to the public ? Lying to a weeping widow, to induce her to elope. Weeping widow, mind you. A widow. Oh, -thunder and lightning. This is too much! 'Bat look a-hete at the fourth Terse. That's worse yet. Cast thy pearls before the rwine, and lose them in the dirt. ?He sets it tip -in this fashion : Cart thy sills before the sunrise, and lov» them-if they hurt. Now, isn't that a cold-blooded outrage on a man's feeling's ? I'll leave it to you. if itisn't.' 'It's hard, that's a fact,' said the colonel. ' And then take the fifth verse. In the original 1\. anuBcript it Enid, plain as daylight : X&Ee; away the jingling, moneyj it is -only glittering cross. In its printed form you made me-say : Take away the tingling honey, put some flies in for the boss. 13y George, I felt like braining yoirwitb. a fire-shovel. I was never «o out up in my life. There, for isslance, was the sixth versa. I wrote: I am weary of the tossing of the ocean as It heaves. It is a lovsly line, too. Bnt imaeioe nsy horror and the anguish of my famQy wheji Z opened your paper and. saw the lin« -fe*nBformad into*-; I am wearing oat my trouserB till they're -epenetihe knees. That ia a little too sraeb. That seenp to me like carrying' the thing an anoh ©r two too far. I think I have a constitmtWDul right to muider tEat oompotd tor; don't yoHP' , ' I think you hav«.' ' Let mo read yon one more verse. I wrote: X swell the flySng echoes wttiey roam taaangt'ho bill*. AnJ I feel my ??al awakening to the ecstasy that thrills. Now, what do yon s'pose your miserable outcast turned that into? Why, into this : I smell the frying shoes as they coast along tb« trails, Aad I peel my sole mistaken in the erctaty that whirls, I mart alay that matt. Where is hef' - ' He is eut jut mow,' eaidthe coloneL ' Oome it io^BM^row.' ' X will,' said the poet ; ' and I will eome armed.' A turkey never find»*Mil*wi8»iiifldreBBiag. Itia j^ae this Tfase⁢ tor tkeisiKl, 