THE WOOL SALE8. September 8. At the wool sales to-day 9,500 bales were catalogued, making a total of 133,*300 since the commencement of the present series. The withdrawls amount to date to 11.000 bales. A fur demand continues. LONDON, Sent. 0. At the wool sale* to-day 10,200 bales were catalogued, making a total of 166,200 bale* offered since the commencement of the present series. Hie demand 1« steady, bat there is no activity on the put of buyer*. Sept. 1ft. The number of bale* catalogued at the wool sales to-day was 8,600, making the total bales offered to date 161,800. The tone o( the market remains unchanged. A DARING outrage w reported to have oc curred on the Chicago and Rock Island Railway. On the night of July 15, u a train was going eastwards from Kac«» City, thirteen ruffians who had taken passage at various joints suddenly drew their rovoKer*, took possession of the car, and ordered the conductor to deliver np the pro perty and valuables under his charge. They did not, however, wait for him to do so, bat shot biro down dead, and also shot an unfortunate passen 6er who happened to move in his seat. They hen went through the train, overpowered the express messenger, and compelled htm to open a i box which contained a large sum of money: this they took, as well as the money and valuables of the passengers, The driver deserted the engine, and his. place WM taken by one of the gang, who stoppped at a (pot where horses were in readiness to Use him and his companions away. The attack was therefore evidently preconcerted. An armed force is in pursuit. GETTING UP STAIRS.-Lever used to tell with infinite drollery Ihe following story of Mr. M'Qlasban, his Dublin publisher, who was a Scotchman. At a certain dinner, fearing to be made " fon" by the wild Irish authors and scribbler*, he left the table, having taken bis fair share of wine, to join the ladies in the drawing-room. After a while the company heard unearthly noises in the pantry, jast behind the dining-room. They listened and they wondered. What could it be r Were there really ghost* in the house, as had been whispered in its ancient traditions ? But sum moiling courage, they went cn masse, and they found that worthy McQlasban bad, under the impression that he was going upstairs to the ladies, ascended shelf after shelf of the pantry, and wu at that moment lying at full length on the uppermost, kicking furiously at the ceiling and side-walls, and expressing the utmost sur prise that he could not " get up-stairs." When Lord Chesterfield was in administration he proposed a person to George II. as proper to fill a place of great trust, but which the king himself was determined should be filled by another. The council, however, determined not to indulge the kins for fear of a dangerous pre cedent U was Lord Chesterfield's business to present the grant of the office for the king's sig nature. Not to incense bis majesty by asking him abruptly, he, with accents of great humility, begged to know with whose name his majesty would be pleased to have the blanks filled up ? M With the devil's I" replied the king, in a paroxism of rage. ««And shall the instru meny' the earl coolly, "run as usual- Our trusty, well-beloved cousin and councillor f"-a | repartee at which the king laaghed heartily, and [ with great goo4 humour figata tbi grwjt. 