DORA DELORME; OB, THE MILLIONAIRE'S GEANDCHILD. CHAPTER XXXIII.— (Continued.) Edmund Lesparde had disappointed him; he knew his abilities j he saw his good; he admired his high honourable principles ; but he sighed to see God's best gifts turned to no account ; to be hold the young man frittering away his -time in utter vanity, in a round of perpetual amusement : to perceive him burying his talents— hiding them apparently for ever amid the hollow glare and glitter of that bright circle, in which he persisted that, if it were not wise or profitable, it was at least pleasant and congenial for him to spend the entire of those years, that might have been de voted, eo Mr. Champion considered, to some higher end — some nobler purpo se. ' You are wasting your life,' he said to him re peatedly ; to which, tue other generally replied, * Perhaps so, but it is a pleasant life enough, and suits me a great deal better than any other mode of existence could do.' Since the affair with Miss Durrant, however, the banker had occasion ally entertained hopes of him, for although Ed mund still persisted that the life was a pleasant one, when Mr. Champion affirmed it was at best thoroughly useless, the former occasionally added to his former reply. ' I confess I do of Leu leel a little bored ; greatly tired of myself, the world, and the people in it ; but I am lit for no thing better : in fact, 1 do not think there is anything better.' * Do you really believe what your words imply ?' generally exclaimed the banker ; which question Mr. Lesparde sometimes answered with a half eupDieased yawn aud a very dubious smile. * You remember, Champion, the words of him who was a preacher in and. a king over Israel, the wisest among men: 'I have seen all the works tbat are done under the sun, and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of Bpirit.' ' * It you were really as weary as you profess,' re turned Mr. Champion on one occasion, * you would strive to discover whether some works may not be more satisfactory than others : time and wisdom are all powerful — time and wisdom must make a useful character out of you yet.' Tiiese, then, were the two who came to see Dora Delorme, one of whom, the banker, expressed pleasure at the meeting, whilst the other looked gloomily in her face, and wondered if that debt, that old grief, her father's illneas.were sufficient to account for the melancholy ' expression that dwelt iu her soft «yes ; lor her changed appear ance ; for the thinness of her cheek, the trans parency of her hands : is she ill, he wondered, or unhappy, or has she been overtaxing Her strength to return me that money f* Somehow as the last idea crossed his mind, his thoughts Hitted back to Miss Durrant, to tbe promises bub had broken, the presents she had re tained ; and -he, mentally recanted his former libel tbat ail women were alike, and bethought him it was quite possible for there to be as great a difference in character as in face: and he considered, moreover, that though Agatha Dur rant had been very handsome, something equally lovely might dwell witiiinDora Uolorme's breast something more precious than waves of raven hair or chiselled leaturas, or tascinating manners : this pearl beyond all price, enjoyed by some, ap pereciat«cL by most, und.eival.ued only by a few : that gift direct from God — a truthful, honest, tender heart. For the first time in his life, Edmund Lesparde found himself thinking so much that to speak was an effort ; but at length, considering Mr. Caampaion had exhausted all the ordinary topics, which people frequently discuss before speaking of the business that was the primary and sole cause os bringing them together, he said: *1 believe 1 have to acknowledge the receipt of two letters from you, Mies Delorme?' Toe colour mautled Dora's cheek with, all the uncertain brillaucy of old as sue returned, ?Yes/ ,'- ,,- ? - * Could I sooner have discovered your place of abode I should earlier nave been here/ continued Mr. Lesparde, then paused as if at a loss how to proceed. * I had hoped/ lie added, ' that in con sideration of what very good friends we were once at 'The Oaks,' and ou account of what subse quently passed between us, you would not have toentoo proud to permit me to serve you even in a very trifling manner, that you would not have demea me the gratification ot thinking I had once been of a little use to you; out as I find I have been disappointed in that hope, I have called this day to express sincere, heartfelt regret that you permitted any pecuniary arrangements between your father and myself to rest on your mind, and cause you evident harass, toil, and uneasiness : also torestore-J ?-- - * No,' interrupted Dora vehemently, ? that must not be, Mr. Leaparde. How you bare discovered our residence .Lcannot imagine, but you will not I feel sure, pain me by alluding farther to this sub ject. It is not pride/ she continued, tears spring ing to her eyes, ' not pride whicn makes me urge this request, but it is right that the money should ba returned to you: the kindness you «howed about it then ought ? to render my father and my self grateful to you for lite.* It was not a very connected speech certainly, but her auditors managed to comprehend it, and Mr. Champion.'whb.had risen and walked to the window, :as it to.leaye Edmund a monopoly of Miss Delorme «nd the cpnrerMtion, regarded both witb&o; littleinterest and curiosity. : V You muunderstand me,' said Mr. Lesparde, when she had quite concluded. * I presume— in- deed I see from your letters — tnat you are unaware of the f act of i3ie entire amount having neen repaid twelve months after you and your father lett OrpW...'. . ' ?.:. . .;: , : ? V'' ' When Edmund Lasparde received. Dora's first letter he ^id not look more completely confounded Wuin did she upon hearing hie statement. bha was so amazed that at first .she could not epaak^ but then she eaid, seeing her visitor lay down 9 cheque on the table ; ?Is it true?' Mr. Lesparde could not help smiling ; the; expression of disbelief was so perfectly simple and natural. ' Quite true,' be answered, ? and at the time j thought some favourable change must have taken place in Major Delormu's affairs, and that he, like you, bains a little proud or independent (wkica word you choose), had sent it to we, but 1 regret to find my conclusions to have been iecorrect ; and now I know no more about the affair than you* except ahat the entire sum was returned to me by some- one years since.' ' And you nave no idea by whom ?' she said at length. * Not tbe most remote.'he replied. * And you are not telling ma this merely to in duce ma to take back the money f she earnestely pursued. * No !' broke in Mr. Champion, ' I will answer tor him in that respect. ' It would be a very pious fraud certainly, but one I am sure he would not commit ; even such an end could scarcely justify such means. You may be confident that what he tel is you is literally the case.' Dora rose from her seat, and walking across to where the white-haired man was standing, luid a ? lair wasted hand impressively on his aims, and looking with her large beautiful eves into hie kind, horirst face, said in a low tone : * Tell me cundidlj — aid you not pay it?' ' In all truth and sincerity, no,' 'be returned. ' Thank God !' exclaimed she, ? then he must, for none — not one — in this wide world but we loui knew of it. How he did it, or why he never told me, it is impossible to say. but he must have paid. ti*e debt — thank God for it 1' And her face was covered for an instant by her delicate hands, as though she were too thankful to let even the light of day bebold her joy ; men she turned to Mr. Lesyarde'and said : * More than money, or houses, or land, you have brought me to-day. I cannot tell you how grate ful 1 am lor the past and the present ; will you ba, iieve me ? As she spoke a fresh feeling from the oiden time swept across the beart of Edmund Laepsrde. 'She is the same as ever,' be thought; 'neither sorrow, nor years, nor the world, has changed Dora since then.' Since when? Why, since she was a gentle child, bemoaning her mother's death, and during the course of- his drive back to London Mr. Les paide iound himself considering — as he recollected her first remark concerning her dead parent — - whether it was not quite possible for there to ba some perfect specimens of. angels found even on this side Heaven. CHAPTER XXXIV. ' I suppose,' said Mr. Champion to hia com panion, as they sat together after dinner, on the evening of the day upon -which they had paid their visit to Ilpingden, * I suppose you will return to Orpen inuneciately f ' * Well, no, not just immediately,' said Mr. L-s- parde, looking iatently into his wine-glass ; * as I am here, wny I may as well stay here tor a little, time.' ' 1 quite agree with you,' returned the banker, in a tone which annoyed Mr. Lesparde, but he did not answer the remark oiherwise than by a very slight increase of colour. * You see,' purened Mr. Champion, ? London is so particularly gay at present, and the theatres are eo especially attractive, and the pavement is so cool and pleasant this scorching weather, and al together, in fact, town is so exceedingly desirable a dwelling-place in the height of summer, that I do not wonder at your preferring to remain hera rather than return at once to Orpen.' ' 1 did not come here to be gay, or to attend tha theatres,' said Mr. Lesparde. * 1 know you did not ; but as only half the latter are shut up, end as London is not moie than two thirds empty, \ou might remain in it for a little pleasure.' * I mean to do so,' rejoined Edmund rather testily : * and you are — * * Going to leave town to-morrow,' supplied Me» Champion. ' Indeed — for Orpen !' 'No, not direct; I must make a detour before my return home. I told you I bad business, aiid 1 nave, so now I mean to leave you to amuse your selt curing the remainder of this evening as best you can ; I shall see you, again, however, before my departure irom London :' and even as he spoke Mr. Caampion~-arose, took his hat, aud relieving Mr. Lesparde of his presence, walked off straight to the residence ot a certain Mr. Scott whien, residence was situated in Bedford Square. It was somewhat late when he arrived there, but as Mr. Scoit's visitors usually brought more than themselves witu them, and generally took six and eightpence less away iu their pockets, he gener ously did not stand on ceremony with any ot them, but could be seen at all hours of the day, and if people uad chosen to call on aim then, would have litea — kmd-lieartea soul — in the middle 01 the nLgnc 10 gi-aut them aa interview; lor whica reason tUa moment Mr. Champion announced that he came ou business, ha was ushejed into a sort of dentist's receiving-room, wheie the state of cases was investigated in lieu oi decayed teeth, and instead ot stuffing being put in bone,' patch ing was perl6rmed ai so much the piece on doubt ful titlee, where old pedigrees wens investigated,, old rights talked ol, questionable deeds rubbed bright ; where the vice was not put on teeth, but their owners, and in place of iron and steel in* struments ot physical torture, there were tools cap, and parchment, and paper instruments in regular order, which documents were destined sooner or later to bring torture, and horror, and anxiety, and deBpair, to the minds of hundreds ot unfortunate plautiifts or defendants. In one word, Mr. Scott was a solicitor, and the- apartmeut into which the servant requested Mr. Chauipiou to walk, was the worthy gentle man & office. The banker looked at the carpet on which many a timid client had previously cast his eyes ; at tho desk, whence numerous savage episiled no doubt aad been despatched; at Uhj Doxas, tin, wooden, aud iron — containing nothing but law — law and mournful domestic chronicles; at the firc-piae«| before which many a plan had been discussed^ many a struggle resolved upon; at the nwiully legal-looking chairs — finally his gaza rivetted lt eeil on tiie handle of the door, and lie wondered how often it had been turned by the weary aud the broken-hearted, by triumphant men, by des pairing women, by orphans whom law huu ietc also beggars, by widows wnose all had been laken trom them, by the wicked and the good, me victorious and the defeated, the young aud the aged, li that very much tarnisaeu piece of brass could have revealed the secret histories of those whone burning or icy hands had grasped it uei vously, resolutely, violently, or carelessly — 113 shelves of any circulating library in the kiu^oum might have been filled with tales more txci-iu^ bocbuse more true, than any which the romancer of lormer days ever wasted his time in inyenuug. ?Soft ana fair, hard andhorny, tremulous and firm, ^ had been the palms whicn touched it, gluvclbba^fl and encased in tbe softest of Parisian kid j ilioi«^^| was scarce a mood of mind, a variety of chtwucLer^^B a grade of society, a form ot' perversity, & dere.op^^H rhent of talent, which had not passed thruu-h ilmt^H doorway, sat in that room, spoken, tbou^ut, luit^^H acted in the now desolate-looting cnamKcr, wlioiij^H Mr. Champion remained alone till Mr. ocuu euJ^H teredit. ^H 'You wished to eee me, sir?' said thai mi^H dividual, with a sort of contortion evidently iu-^H toHdedforaum.de. ^^M * Yes, on business;* upon hearing which coa^^H firmation of his hopes and the previous liieafc.i^d^^H Mr. Scott dropped the outward demouetiaucu uf^H joy, but felt pleasure inwardly, and moving io*^H wards his especial seat, which wns an t-2. r^.i-^H dinwy sort ot arm-chair that might for «t&e; M'l ;^B ugliness h&TO; been in the ark with Noah, tuujc j ^ possession .of it, ana inclined his head lowauia; 1 Mr. C&ampion; in a manner which clearly implied' t&e; woras— 'Wow, tix, at your earliest con venience.' ?1 come on business,' repeated the banker ouca. over again, * though not precisely legal bUbints^ ^-the attorney's face fell a little— * pray, are y»m not Mr. Muriel's solicitor P ?Mr. Zuriel, of *-t°r Court P inquired iW other. ? ? ?- ? ?Precisely,' assented Mr. Champion. * I have tnat honour/ said the attorney, and h« felt it truly to be one, and a pleasure, an-i, wa«c was better than ail, a profit, *1 have Him, honour.' ' Weil, I wish to obtainaa immediate interview with him on pressing tjusineoa, aua 1 w»ntiua I jjto gain that interview for me,' explained the j 'Mr. Zuriel is very ill,' commenced the at Itorney. ' : ' I know that,' interposed his v:- tor. ! * Ah 1 you know trial,' coldly repeated Mr. jocott, tapping the desk abstractedly with his '[lingers ^; «you are acquainted with my respected ;dient?' This was interrogatively. j * I never had but one interview with Mm in my j^ife; but the truth is, I must see him forthwith. ; 1 liave something to tell him of his grandchild.' ? ' He has a grandchild then ?' said the solicitor, {pricking up his ears at the prosoect of 'fresh in : telligence.* ' Were you not aware of that fact ?' inquired the : banner. : * 1 believe I once heard he had a daughter,' con I legged the attorney. i * And son-in-law, aaa grand-daughter,' continued : Mr. Caampion, with a smile. * I am surprised you :do not know more about them; for if I am not : mistaken, you once' transacted a little business for ? Major Arthur Auguste Delorme.' ? .Never was instructed by an officer of that name : iu my life,' responded Mr. Scott ; ' but you eay it 'is about a Miss ? 1 beg your pardon. I did not quite catclt ? * | * Miss l-ora Dalorme,* supplied Mr. Champion, haiz-jimused, naif-provoked, bj this affectation oi 'ignorance. 'About Mies Dora Dalorme, you wish to speak to my ciient, Could I be the medium of convey ing any message, or letter, for youP Mr. Zuriel is very ill ; and illness, you know, does aot tend to overcome a dislike to general society. I should be very happy to do anything in my power, I am EUre.' * Thank you,' said Mr. Champion drily, * but,' he paused — and then added, in a different tone,' 'du you expect to see him soon P * ', 'Almost immediately,' replied the otber, im : alining a iong detail was about to be poured into ' his legal ears, which he was to convey to the ears, : and impress on the understanding of the million aire, 'almost immediately/ ; 'Could yon tell me exactly when ?' demanded : Sir. Champion. * 'Weli, let me see ; I hud a letter to-day, and I perhaps I may start for Lancashire in the morn , * In which case,' said the visitor, with great icoolneas, ? 1 shall go with you, and tell you a few ^jtMticuars on the way. I know you will manage ??the matter properly for me and Miss Delorme, his nearest relative, you understand, in whom, 1 have l^ood jeason, and so have you, to fenotr, he is in !terest«d. Yes, I hope we shall be able to arrange the affairs in a satisfactory manner;' and Mr. I'-Champion rose after utterin? these words — and ileft the attorney in a state of mind neither pleasant aor tbe reverse, but puzzled — a sort of vision of . employment by an emolument from the next heir, [or heiress, floating dimly through his brain. 'Per haps it iB just as well,' he said, ' though it is not ?exactly what I intended — better to have some thing definite arranged, for Mr. Zuriel will not be lonfi here — that's positive;' and he resolved to get as much as he could out of the banker, on their !'way down to tlie west, but when they reached jStor Court he mentally acknowledged he was not a vast deal wiser than be had been on leaving : London. People on whom nature has bestowed the knack of attorneyship — nature's lawyers, in short — and bankers are, I conscientiously believe, the only individuals on earth who should be per-' rsnitted to have an hour's uninterrupted conversa tion with one of those solicitors whose heart and eoul are in his profession, whose profession is to him meat, drink, air, and sleep; who has faith in deeds, instruments, conveyances, and title-deeds. .e-id in them alone ; who can sound with . his wily j^ongue the depths of a man's history ; who lives If or law and it solely ; seeks information to tarn it i to a legal use ; stores up facts, and hints, and con fessions ; patches all together like the stiay pieces ie-- a child's disjointed map, and, finally, makes a [{frightfully connected whole out of ecraps, which [Mvould have been useless in less skilful hands ; and '-who occasionally raises the ghosts of past deeds, chance expressions, careless words, to terrify and 'intimidate therewith those who vainly imagined tell to have been dead and buried and forgotten ' years previously. Yes, bankers and attorneys may Leately be trusted together— like diamond cutting Wiamond — it comes to nothing in the end, and accordingly, as I have previously intimated, when Jilessrs Scott and Champian reached Stor Court jeach inwardly confessed with a half-angry eniile, j that the other was quite a match for him; their, (conversation on the journey down having mightily Resembled a series of moveB in chess, and the xe j«ult of the battle being that most unsatisfactory ; thing — next to a defeat — a 'drawn game/ For Mr. Champion had told little, and learnt nothing of which he was not previously in partial I or entire possession ; and Mr. Scott had not added [one iota of importance to his former stock of in Mormation ; and yet thvy were very good friends, ?end felt well enough disposed towards each other jes they entered the 'palsco' together, and were : conducted without deiay, or stoppage, or remon strance of any kind, to. the old man's chamber. Where he — John Zuriei — the owner of that ►stately pile, the lord of that castle, the once proud, ; and still almost insufferable master of wood and ; field, lawn, garden, water, hill and dale. Jay dying. ' Desolate in the midst of his magnificent rooms, the teet of servants only sank down in the rich ? carpeting ; they ministered unto him not for love, but for money ; true, disinterested friend never stopped by the gate, nor entered tbe mansion, to ii quire how it fared with the lonely man ; no tender woman hovered like a guardian angel round his couch, bringing him medicine and refreshment gently, as if he were an infant ; there was not a really tender hand to wipe the dew from his fore head, to moisten his lips, to smooth his pillow, to soothe his pain. Bitter enough, and desolate enough, the old man had fonnd it to live alone, V-m more desolate, more agonizing, more awful/he discovered, when too late, it was to die alone. Not even in peace like an animal, which, shrink ing off to some remote secluded cave, or leafy conert, dies in quietness, for he was surrounded by those who did not care for him, to whom living or expiring he was an object of indifference and dis like. With something of tbe same sensation — only a thoueand times stronger and bitterer — ae that which oppresses a wanderer sojourning for a season in a strange place, surrounded by the care less, the unattached, tbe disagreeable, the mer cenary, John Zuriel proposed to 6et forth on that lass pilgrimage which knows no return, without uttering a farewell, without bidding adieu to one solitary loving friend ; desolate in the midst of luxury and attendants, and all the trappings of wealth, he was just about starting most unwil lingly and most fearfully upon the dark brief journey into eternity — alone. ?* Ob! many a pauper, dying at the back of a .ditch, in tbe poorest, and gayest, and mistiest land under heaven, with his priest holding his crucifix before his eyes, or praying on the turf by his side, his glazed orbs resting first on tbe outward sym bol of the faith, which is his hope, and then on the heavens, to which, he believes, it must conduct him — his head supported by loving arms ; scald ing tears of affection Jailing on his forehead one minute, kissed away by trembling lips the next;' m»ny a paupers who lay him down to die on the smooth green sward of his lovely island, knows more peace and contentment at his last moments than did the great millionaire on his down bed — the prince amongst converted Jews, the proudest, the richest, the mosj universally detested man in Lancashire, cross, dieagreeabie, not good, yet not wholly bad — John Zuriel, of Stor Court. Because love tends the one, love, ana sincere' Borrow, and tervent pity ; wuilst no fondeye.no gentle voice was near tne deatb-bed of the loneiy ? old man, to break, by one sob. one wail of fcriei, the shock of that inexplicable leap from life to death, trom death to everJasting lite, which ter minates our beings, and explains the wondronY mystery, which seems to annihilate, and which yet creates ; which the timid and the brave, tbe en thusiast and the atheist, tbe good and the bad, the: leluctant and the willing, must finally take -over the little, but to mortal eyes unlathomabie, space; separating this world irom tbe next, dividing1 time Irom eternity. ' ?- ' ??.-..??.. -ex ! Quietly the eolicitox and the banker -entered tba* sick chamber, where death, like a~£efetine]L w«s keeping dreary watch $re opening' the pruipn ga'ea and setting the way ward captive spirit free, and both walked straight up to the bed-eideand; greeted, &s; men do greet .in such, moments, tae childless, friendless being, whose eye had not yet lost allies savage brightness, whose -lip JBtiJl re tained its saraonic sneer, who was etiu'tbeflame abof oldi only shattered, aged, -rokaTrTi9^rte!K!, * You know me/, said Mr. Cbamfcjto^J&wiBjr; J .^taftir dose to-the couch, * and, I f^,Jif^0f(t |ae too. You remember the errand which last 'brought: me here — it is a somewhat similar one that in duces me now to intrude upon you. 1 .come to speak of her and him.' * Ah 1 is he dead,' gasped the old man, 'dead at last, dead before me, cone first after all.' 'I do not know about -that,* 'returned' the banker earnestly ; ' when last I heard, he was ill, very ill, and cannot possibly be here long ; but it was not that in '.ividual 1 meant. You remember you nnee asked me concerning another.*' .---. * Yes,' acquiesced the dying man. ? ' Do you wish to hear more of him?' Mr. Zuriel did not reply, but turned nis eyes first wistfully on the face of the man who addressed him, and then more doubtingly on the solicitor. * Do you wish me to leave you, sir ?' asked the latter, interpreting the glance aright. ' If you please, for a moment,' said Mr. Cham pion. ? l trust you may be required seon ;' and .still thinking of the luture heiress, whose friend this banker evidently was, the .solicitor retired to the adjoining room, whilst Mr. Zuriel nervously demanded, ?WhatMit?' '' (To be Continued.) 