A GHASTLY TALE. A very strango circumstance occurring in tho vicinity of Snicartc, Mason county, Illinois, has attracted the attention of a great many, and is, at tho least, a most miraculous affair. February, the 1 7th, a woman by the name of Mrs. Banks, to all appearances, died. About fonr weeks previous to this, she had given birth to a child, and was apparently well, with the exception of the nursing sore mouth, from tho effect of whioh sho had grown qnito weak, so much so that her hnsband thought it was necessary to call in a physician, but she ob jected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, thinking thnt sho could raanago tho affliction without tho aid of a physician. She Boon afterward, and very suddenly, sank away, and to all appearauces gavo up the ghost. The body was kept till tho next day about 2 o'olock p.m., when it wes enclosed in a coffin aud taken to tho graveyard, followed by a great maoy mournful friends. In laying her ont her arms were tied together above her elbow with a strip of cloth, so that her hands would retain a position across her breast. At the- grave some of her friends wished to view her remainB, and tbe coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they oould not see through the glass for the moiBtaro on it, and it was then seen that one of her hands was torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were bb limber as of one alive. The circnm- stances horo upon the minds of several prosent, bat still they could not entertain any notion but that she waB dead. Her hands were again placed in position acrosa her breast and retied with the same Blrip of cloth, and she was buried. After returning to their homes several of the parties who had uoticed tho singular appearance at the grave commenced to talk the matter over, and they soon raised a doubt in their minds that she was not dead ; about 5 o clock that same cveniug several went to the grave and took tho body up. On opening the coffin thoy foand fresh moisture on the glass of tho coffin-lid, and her bands wero again broken from the strip of cloth that bonnd them, and they were both lying by her side, and instead of her limbs being in the least rigid, tney nnd her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not con vince thomsolves but that sho was dead, and sho was again re-buried. Tbo matter was generally discussed in the neighbourhood, nnd by the following Sunday tho excitement had grown so strong that it Wis decided to ve-cxhnme hor tho following day. The next day, Monday, after sho had slept beneath tho sod for four days and nights, sho was again resurrectod and taken to her home, where sho has beon slowly butgradnally mending. Her friends entertain the strongest hope3 of hor recovery, which, if she does, will be a remark able occurrence, long to bo remomberod hy the people of Snicarte. Tbo way io which thi9 affair was managed was, to say tho least, very singular. — Bloomington (III.) Panla- graph. 