TRAINING NOTES. There was no work of importance at Flemington yesterday, either in the morning or afternoon. The unusually dry weather at this season of the year is greatly felt by trainers. There is no change to report in the betting, and prices remain about the same as those last quoted. The game old Wellington is doing well in the hands of Mr. J. Morrison, and yesterday looked none the worse for his treble victory at Sydney lately. In the same stables ore The Czar (not doing so well as might be desired), Alarm Bell, Allender, Lowlander, Don Quixote, Hyacinth, and the cross country horse Trumpeter. Mr. A. Davis has a strong contingent in Coriolanus, Josephine, Respite, Sunnyside, Zambesi, Lnriercoat, a sister to Coriolanus, and Cavendish. The latter is out of training. and Zambesi has been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. Respite is looking as well as anything in the Bring. Mr. F. Dakin is busy in the preparation of Darebin for the big event, and e looks fresh and well, though only doing slow work. Billilla is in the same stable, and one or two others engaged in minor events. Old Warlock is receiving his preparation at Mr. Selman's establishment, which includes the speedy Roederer, Wizard, BeSBio Clifden, Corinne, V,'h;ííthor_¡ Yictresa, Will-o'-the-Wisp, and Hyllus. Wizard has been doing fast work of late. At Mr. Yeend's, Blue Ribbon, Acrobat, and Intrepid are in easy work and at Mr. S. Motion's, Syphon, Eros, Lesbia, and Bushman receive attention. Mr. Moran has Hieroglyph, First Love, and Gazelle and Mr. Sullivan in attend- ing to The Ghost, Albyn, and Outlaw. At Mr. Prestwick'e establishment are located A.B.C. (who has been out of work for a few days, owing to an injury while galloping), Semiramide, and Adventurer. Commission, Fell Bell, and Pollie are under Mr. Lang's care, the latter looking and going as well as his trainer could desire. Bosworth, Post- master, The Nut and President are all in Mr. Jellett's Stables, the Cup horse only looking fairly well. Mr. Glasscock has Ru "pertBwood, Prince Alfred, Squire, Nimbook. Timbertop, Peter Grey, Skylark, Salvage, and a youngster in full work, the cross-country horses being exercised over the big jumps. Supple Jack, The Hawk, and Quiver are stationed at Mr. Worley's, and reported well. There is no change to report in the betting. The Duke was further inquired for yesterday, but without enhancing his price. The following horses have been scratched for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting on Saturday next : - Handicap Flat Race Hilarious, Blue Ribbon, and Riverton. Corinthian Handicap Hilarious and Cynic. Hurdle Race - Albyn, Cumberland, and Glenoran. Steeplechase-Cotherstone and Lucy. Flying Stakes Magnet. 