CONVENT AT MITCHAM. On Sunday afternoon, July 10, His Lordship Bishop Reynolds laid the foundation-stone of a branch convent for the nse of the Sisten of St. Joseph, at Kitcbam Park, on a site kindly pre sented by Mr. B. Barr Smith. The present structore will contain five rooms, in ad dition to the bathroom, kitchen, dec., bnt it will ODly be the beginning of a very com modious building. On Snuday morning a servi e was conducted in the Mitcham Oh arch by tbe Rev. Father Enright, after which a pro cession of school children marched to the site and assembled ronnd the stone. His Lordship arrived shortly afterwards, and prooeeded to the spot where the altar was to be fixed. Tbe site of the convent and tbe stone having been blessed, a short devotional service was conducted. Hit Lordship then performed the ceremony of laying tbe atone, saying:—" In the faith of Jems Christ we bless Jthe first stone of this edifice in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost, that here the true faith and fear of God and fraternal charity may flourish, and that this place may be dedicated to prayer, and to the praise of the name of oar Lord Jeans Christ, who in tbe Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, lives and reigns world without end for all eternity. Amen." His Lordship then delivered a discourse from the text, "The Kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain of mustard eeed which a man took and sowed in his field, which indeed is tbe least of all seeds, but when it is grown it is the greatest amocg herbs, and becometh a tree, eo that the birds of tbe air come and lodge in the branches thereof." In the coarse of hie remark* His Lordship traced the rise and progress of the Soman Gatholio Obnrch in Australia sinoe the time when the Yen. Jeremiah Flynn was sent ont to Botany Bay. In 1813 the first Yioar Apostolic to the Colonies visited Sonth Australia, and next year the first Bishop of Adelaide was consecrated, there then being about 5,000 Catholics in the province. His Lordship having referred to the trials his predecessors had to undergo, and to the straggles that had taken place of late years with regard to Catholic education, stated in spite of all difficulties the priests and people bad remained loyal to him. Luring the past seven years he had opened 30 new churches, 42 new schools, end four speoial convents. His Lord ship, in speaking on the question of education, said all they wished was that their children might he educated according to their own belief, and that they should not be asked tocontributetoasystem which they oould not conscientiously avail themselves of. He had no doubt that the Legislature wonld in time acknowledge their claims and yield to them a grant out of the revenue, to which they contributed, for the education of their children. In conolnsion. His Lordship acknowledged the liberal way in which many persons who held views differing from their own bad acted towards them, and specially mentioned the gift of the site of the oonvent. The snm of £85 was collected in aid of the building. 