STATION PRODUCE MARKET. Sïdnet, 22nd July. Messrs. Mort and Co. report that tallow and hides are firm at last week's rates. At their sale to-day heavy hides realised from ii. to 4Jd., and beef tallow brought £27 to £27 1Û3. per ton. Messrs. Harrison, Jopes, and Devlin report as follows :-Hides : Although there has been a very full supply forwarded, last we-k'a prices are firmly maintained, good-conditioned hides Belling well. Quotations ans-Extra heavy, 8gd. to 4Jd. ; heavy, 3?d. to 4d. ; medium, 3Jd. to 3gd. ; light and station, 3Jd. to 4Jd. We sold 2877\. Tal'ow : Thero waa a fall of 10a. to lfia. per ton in shipping lots, as prices in Eugland had fallon aincs last week. The market was very bare of trade lots, which wero selling at full Eguroa. Quotations are-Best mutton, £2S to £28 15a. ; beef, £26 10a. to £27 10a. ; mixed and station, £24 to £26 15a. We sold 170 casks. It will be seeu from our report of the meeting of tho Central Board of Health, held yesterday, that Dr. Prentice reported that he had examined the children at Hill End supposed to bo Buffer- ing from emallpox, and gave it as his positive opinion that they were not Buffering from that disease. Dr. Wray, who had alao visited the place, expressed a similar opinion. As it was considered desirable, however, to gain all the information possible on the subject -more espe- cially as a medical gentleman not connected with the board holds very decidedly an opposite view -it was arranged that Dr. Thomson should, in company with Dr. Prentice, visit Mr. ¡Scott Smith's family, and make a final report to the Colonial Secretary. This waa accordingly done, Dr. Thomson taking great painB to examine the cases and to inquire into their history. The latter gentlemau, in giving his opinion, wishes it to be understood that, while ho had considerable experience of the disease in England some ten years ago, he has had no experience of it in the colonies, and ia not aware what modifying influence our climate may havo upon the symptoms of the disease. He saya that what he observed at Hill End bears no resemblance to any variola that he baa seen-and some hundred and fifty cases have come under his notice ; and he is of opinion tint Mr. Smith's children are not suffering from that disease. Dr. Prentice was also confirmed in his view-which ho holds very strongly-that the disease in question is not Bmallpox. It lias, how- ever, been considered a wise precaution to isolate Mr. Smith's family, and for this purposo the hulk Proserpine was to have been towed up the river by the Kate last night, aud Mr. and Mrs Smith and their children will probably be put on board of her this morning. A thoroughly reliable correspondent writes as [follows :-" lu your uotice of the Buppoaed case of smallpox in to-day's Courier you offer some very wholesome advice as to cleanliness and the free use of disinfectants. No doubt carbolic acid is one of the very best disinfectants known, but the tmell of it is very offensive to many delicate persons. Little's Chemical Fluid -the basis of which is carbolic acid-is not only not offensive but ia cheaper, easily mixes with water, and is freo fiom danger. Used in the proportion of one part to 100 parts of water it ïb most effective as a disinfectant, even to the destruction of parasites and fungus. Having well tested it, I would strongly recommend no householder to bo without it." Ii will be seen by our advertising columns that -entries for the approaching exhibition close posi- tively on Wednesday next. We would therefore recommend all intending exhibitors to note the date, in order to facilitate the business of the National Association, and also to prevent exclu- sion. A meeting of the council of the association will bo held at 3 p.m. on Monday next. Mr. W. BiiOOKts delivered a' lecture in the Chamber of Commerce last night on the " Poli- tical Aspects of Coloured Labour." The lecture was delivered uuder the auspices nf the Political Reform League, and Mr. Jenyns occupied the chair. There waa ii rather small attendance, which was explained aa being iu a measure due to some fault iu the arrangements for securing proper publicity. Mr. Brookes began his lecture by describing what he called the " grazing policy" usually puraued by tho ruling claasea of Queensland. He went on to apeak of the method of securing immigration under a former Agent-General, whereby 36,000 poople had been introduced in the space of about five yeara and a half, paying their own passages and briuging with them money to the amount of a million sterling. Going ou he traced the continued opposition offered to tie introduction of a population likely to become settlers and add to the independent portion of the community, and the desire for a class of coloured labourera. After touching on the com- monly discussed features of coloured labour, he went on to speak of an objection to it which seemed entirely to escape the attention of legialatora-ita political aapect. Our con- stitution was based on the democratic theory that every adult man not a criminal or a lunatic should be a voter, und take part in the government of the country. The existence of a caste of coloured labourers was entirely in- compatible with this theory. Although it was not in the colony slavery, the employment of Kanakas produced, politically, the same effect. They could not be citizens. He dwelt on the absolute necessity of having a homogeneous people, and quoted from past and modern his- tory to Bhow the evil caused by the existence of two classes who could not amalgamate. The strength of a nation lay in its common feeling that they, all and without excep- tion, formed part of the national family; and no democracy could be in a healthy state unlee» every man who laboured could also feel that the highest positions of the State were within hia reach-unless, like the French soldier', each man carried a marshal's baton in his knapsack. So strongly did he feel this that if any industry or any agriculture could not possibly be carried on by white mon he was of opinion that it would be better to do without it. He was, however, of the opinion that sugar could bo grown without coloured labour. After referring again to the class conflict in Queensland, from which he had traced the introduction of coloured labour, he advised his hearers to stand firm in their determiuation to exclude this labour. If they allowed tampering with the question, or excuses to be urged, they would be outwitted, and he advised them to insist on the absolute exclusion of coloured labour. After Mr. Brookes had finished the chairman invited discus- sion, and several gentlemen spoke, mainly amplifying the lecturer's arguments. One speaker, v, ho announced himself as a Btranger, referred tu the projected intioduction of an elective U| per House as a device by the ruling oligarchy to consolidate their power. Another 'peaker entered a protest on behalf of the coloured races, that they had been hardly dealt with by the lecturer, who had not given theiu cicdit for the practice of certain virtueB, notably Uuiperance, The proceedings terminated with !> vote of thanks to the lecturer, moved by Mr. ?Di.i.can, and tecouded by Mr. Reese, who invited those piesent to join the league. The proof sheets of the'ffouernment Gazette with which we usually are favoured on Friday evening did not reach ua last night, and were, wo believe, not issued. We presume that from some cause they were not in a sufficiently complete form, and that the delay ia unavoidable. Of course Ministers aro aware that for Northern residents to miss the information coutained in the Gazette for a whole week, as thoy will now do, may bo a very serious matter. There is every reason to suppose that a sur- veyor named Thomas Patiick Horan, whose parents reside at Beenleigh, either jumped or fell overboard from the steamship Elamang, while travelling between Townsville and Bowen on Monday eveuing last. It appears that Horan, who waa 25 years of ago and unmarried, had lately been following his profession at Port Douglas, assisted by his brother. He and his brother took paBaagea in the Elamang for Brisbane, tho former indulging freely iu stimu- lants during the first part of the voyage. On reaching Townsville he went ashore with his brother, and then seemed to be in good he ilth and spirits. When within about an hour's steam of Bowen, about 9 o'clock on Monday evening, ho went into the cabin and a9ked the steward for some brandy, which was refused. Ho appeared to be irritated at this, and imme- diately went on deck and has never been seen since. THE proceedings of the Sandgate Police Court yesterday were of more than ordinary interest. The bench consisted of Messrs. Pinnock (metro- politan police-magistrate), Rankin, and Michael. The first case called on was that of the Inspector of Distilleries v. James Lewis Berry, the latter, a storekeeper living at Sandgate, being charged, under the 3rd section of the Licensed Publicans' Act, with sly grog selling. Mr. J. Keane, from the Crown Solicitor's office, appeared for the Inspector of Distilleries, and Mr. Rut- ledge, instructed by Mr. Porter, for the defendant. The principal evidence relied upon by the plaintiff was that of two men working on the railway, who stated that on Sunday, the 10th July, they went to Berry's house quite sober ; that they were there supplied with drink by the defendant, for which they paid, and that when they left they, as well as Berry, were drunk. A man living near the place was also called, who stated that he heard a row at Berry's on the night in question, and that the subject of the dispute was as to who was to pay for some drink. Berry, in his defence, stated that one of the railway men had on the previous Friday left half a bottle of rum at his place, and that this was the only drink they had on the Sunday. He denied having supplied any liquor to the men, or having accepted any money from them for drink. A lad in his employ gave some corroborative evi- dence, stating that he saw the bottle of rum referred to at Berry's house on the Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Berry also stated that the row mentioned by one of the witnesses had reference to the purchase of some blankets by one of the men. The bench found the defendant guilty, and fined him £20 and costs. At the conclusion of this case, another one was heard, in which Thomas Coward, proprietor of Deagon's Hotel, was charged with having assaulted the defendant in the previous case, J. L. Berry, occasioning him serious bodily harm. The same counsel appeared for Berry, and Mr. Bruce for Coward. Several wit- nesses were examined on behalf of the complain- ant, and at the close of the case the defendant, who reserved his defence, was committed for trial at the next sittings of the District Court. A cross-summons, brought by Coward against Berry, had to stand over. A CORRECTION is necessary in our report of Mr. Pinnock's remarks at the meeting of the sub- scribers to the Convalescent Home on Thunday. Speaking on the subject of female prisoners, ho said he had nover sent a woman to Toowoomba Gaol for any light offence, or for a first offence, to his knowledge. He also stated that all the women who are sent to that gaol aro the worst characters ; in fact, those who have been con- victed of drunkenness, making use of obsceno language, &c;, and on that account he thought it moBt undesirable to admit any of theBo dis- charged female prisoners to tho home. Mr. Pin- nock argued strongly in favour of a separate home for discharged female prisonera, not in the city, but in the country, as he was satisfied that the women would return to their evil ways if allowed to rejoin their old associates. AccoilDlNd to the official roports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock yesterday morning, the weather throughout the colony was generally fine. The only stations at which rain had fallen were Cape Moreton (0 02in.), and Cardwell (O'lOin.). Numerous statious, both along the seaboard and inland, reported cloudy weather, The winds along the Queensland coast were variable, and the sea, where reported, waa from Btnooth to moderate. At Sydney the weather was fine, and the wind west-south-west ; at Melbourne the weather was gloomy, and the wind northerly ; whilst Adelaide reported fine weather aud northerly winds. The only public building for which tenders were invited at the Works Office ye3teiday was for the new gaol at Blackall, but no tenders were received in Brisbane. It is possible that tenders may have been received at Blackall, and if so they will be Bent by telegraph. The following tender» were opened at the office of the Depart- ment of Public Instruction :-For the erection of a State Behool and residence at Newtown, near Ipswich-A. M'Gregor, l8 weeks, £730 ; Henry Wyman, 5 months, £703 ; Worley and White head, 5 months, £640 ; W. Crookbain, 24 weeks, £848 ; R, Menzies, 5 months, £640 ; Thomas Neville, 5 months, £544 ; and John Byers and Son, 7 months, £697. For the erection of a teacher's residence at Maryborough-Mesara. French and Crystall, £53117s. 4d. ; other tenders are expected by telegram. No tenders were re- ceived for the erection of a State school and resi- dence at Maytown. One tender was sent in for the repairs and painting of State school, "Walloon -J. Byera and Son, £73. A new creek, called Baratta Creek, in Cleve- land Bay, has been opened for traffic. Messrs. Aplin, Brown, and Co.'s steamer Annie made her first trip fourteen miles up the creek on Tueaday laat, and the captain reporta that it ia navigable tot vessels of light draft for several miles. There ia good agricultural country all round. Mesara. Aplin, Brown, and Co. have now stored ready for shipment from Cleveland Bay by the Chyebassa 33 tona of silver ore, 150 bales of wool, and ISO tons of tallow. The northern trade ia increasing faßt. The Ipswich aasizea commence before his honour Mr. Justice Pring on Monday morning. The following cases are for trial :-Daniel Hall, perjury ; John Walab, perjury ; John Christie, larceny ; Thomas Noonan, larceny ; William Conroy, Honora Conroy, John Conroy, and James Payne, conspiracy ; Thomas Bourke, assault occasioning actual bodily harm ; Frederick Her- mann, alias Louis Brett Schneider, false pre- tences ; Jean Montaneau, alias Jean Montmartin, larceny. Mr. Virgil Power will prosecute for the Crown. We note from the that Trickett, the orstwhilo rowing champion of the world, hua been again defeated. The contest took place on the Ottawa River, Canada, aud eight competitors started, amongst whom were some of his old opponents iu tho " Hop Bitters" contest on the Thames. Rosa came in first, Candar second, aud Hosmor third. Triokott came in sixth, being exhausted. Thero wero 12,000 spectators, aud the winner received a complete ovation. A watch waa presented to the umpire, Haulan. The S. M. Herald has a telegraphic report of a horrible event iu Kourdistan. It is stated that 120 women among the Kourda, for refuaing to work, wore imprisoned in a bain and burutalive. At the Theatre Royal the complimentary benefit to Mr. W. Horaco Bent waB fairly attended. In tho first part of the programme the Brisbane Ethiopian Serennders took a pro- minent part, and succeeded iu greatly pleasing the audience, the gentleman who sang " Sweet chiming bells" being particularly worthy of praise. The Italian melody, " Lahr-di-dah," by Mr. Bent, was warmly encored. lu the second part of the oveuiug's entertainment Mr, B. Sim- monds saug grandly the song " How I love thee," aud could not escape an eucore. Mr. Bent's comic lecture ou art was bristling with colonial aud political hits and puns, and he got loudly applauded for it. Thia part of the enter- tainment »vas enlivened much by the spirited singing of Miss Fauuy Rogers, who, of course, could not escape without an eucoro and great applause. All frieuds of Mr. Bent, who now seems iu capital voice and spirits, will be pleased at thia successful recognition of hia standing as one of the Brisbane playgoers favourites. Professor Pepper will give hia first perforni ance5|at the Theatre Royal thia evening, aud, judging by tho programme, thero will bo an abundant display of scionce and many startling effects introduced. The eutertaiument is divided into two parts, the first being devoted to " Light and Optics," and in this part the professor intro- duces Pichler'a apparatus, by which " musical notes, audible to the ear, are rendered visible to the eye." In the second part there aro a num- ber of dioramie views introduced, and the modern Bystem of torpedo warfare ia described and illus- trated. Tho evening's entertainment will con- clude with the illusion of the dancing skeleton. Professor Pepper has long beou acknowledged aB one of the most successful and popular of English scientific lecturers, Hu was the favourite ex- perimental lecturer at the Koyal Polytechnic Institution in London for many years, and his name bne been associated for a long time with the remarkable scientific illusion known as " Pepper's Ghost." There are few Queenslauders who bave auy idea of the startling naturo of the illusion produced by the profeesor's ort ; and tho whole programme is an attnictivo one, and likely to prove both interesting and instructive to the audience. Six fine rams were landed from tlio Katoomba yesterday by Measra. B. D. Morehead and Co. for the Jondaryan station. We understand they are from the well-known Canowie flock, South Aus- tralia, Messrs. Saunders and Co. A correspondent mentions an instance of the advantages occasionally derived from teaching our children the art of swimming. In Cleveland Bay a few days ago, while the sea was unusually rough, aud the passengers were going down the ladder from tho Katoomba steamer to the Bunill launch Clio, the ladder broke, and precipitated a lad of 9 years of ago, son of Mr. Sellheim, police magistrate at Port Douglas, into the sea. On rising to the surface he struck out manfully, and kept himself afloat until ho was pickod out of the water. Of course he fell between the two steamers, and had he not beeu able to swim and been possessed of good courage aa well, he would probably havo been drowned. At the City Police Court yesterday, before Mr. W. H. Day, assistant police- magistrate, nnd Messrs. A. U. Jones, W. G. Power, S. Pole, and 0\. Spry, JJ.P,, John Lynham, for behaving in a disorderly manlier in a public street, waa fiued 10<., with the alternative of twelve hours in the cells. William Price, a youth about 1C years of age, pleaded guilty to the charge of having stolen a piece of rope, hridle, and tivo pipes, the pío perty of his master, John Schelp, of Boggo. He was Bontenced to fourteen days' imprisonment. Patrick Bolger, for diiviug h¡B cab through the streets after dark without lights, was fiued 5a. and 3a. 6d. costs. John Tuckot, for carelessly driving two horses attached to an omnibus in Queen-street, and Walter Saunders, another omnibus driver, for refusing to remove hia omui bua when blocking up a right-of-way in Eliza- beth-street, were each fined £1 and 3a, 6d. costs. John Stephenson was fined a total sum of £4 7s , for furiously driving the horses attached to his omnibus down Queen-Btreot, and for in- sulting behaviour towards one John Kennedy, on the Eagle-atreet stand ; and John Wilde was fined £10 and costs, for blasting rock in Main- street, Kangaroo Point, without a license. The policemen who give evidor-.j in a magis- trate's court and the reporters who chronicle small events are creating (writes "Endymion") a language between them. Everyone who knows anything about the habit of the "active and intelligent" know that they nevpr go anywhere, they always proceed. But when the word is used in referonco to other people it haa a curioua effect. I read in a recent Melbourne paper about "the girl Ellen Dempter, who proceeded to the banka of the Yarra with the intention of committing suicide." Another Vic- torian paper escapes from the necessity of UBing such a Bhort and undignified word as "clerke" by writing "clerical employas." The phrape, it will be noticed, not only fills out the line better, but gives a Bort of ecclesiastical flavour to the narrative, which refera to a very mundane matter- the burning of a cigar fuetory. But, after all, we penny-a-liners must hang our heada and confesa that we have been beaten by an aasociation of German ladies of advanced views. The fair agitators held a meeting in Berlin, and carried a resolution. It was not, indeed, any- thing very novel, being simply a declaration of the intention which most women entertain to " wear the breeches," But they put it as a de- termination to "adopt a duaÜBtic form of covering for the legs as well as for the arms." The Bulletin saya :-"The settling over the Rockhampton race meeting was of a satisfactory character. The total amount paid to winners, in cash, was £952 19a., to which waa added the trophies for the Corinthian Cup. 'I he cheques were as follow :-Mr. J. Finnie, £264 10a. (and Corinthian Cup trophies valued at £80); Mesara. Rutherford Broa., £222 7s.; Mr. F. W. Holden, £129 4a.; Mr. W. Flynn, £114; Mr. K. Rosa, £60 3s.; Mr. F. Comley, £47 lUa.; Mr. F. Morgan, £47 10s.; Mr. H. C. Keating, £28 16».; Mr. P. F. Murnane, £19 13a.; Mr. P. Duff, £7 6b.; Mr. F. Gregory, £6 ; Mr. V. M. Dowling, £6. Messrs. Finnie and Flynn then called for champagne, and numeroua complimentary toasts were proposed and responded to. Mr. Finnie expressed the pleasure it gave him to visit Rock- hampton, as he was always accorded courteoua treatment personally, and fair play for bia horace. He also complimented the town and district on the excellent quality of the young horaea which the local racing men now possessed, which en- abled them to hold their own against all comers from the South. Mr. W. Flynn, in answer to repeated calls, said it gave bim pleasure to be amongat those called on to respond for the win- nora. Unfortunately it was not always his lot to be on the winning Bide. He had heard the opinion expressed that The Rake ought not to have beaten Sydney in the Port Curtis Handicap If there wero any persons of that opinion he would be perfectly willing to run The Rake against Sydney, the same weights and distance, for £100 a-side. Th6 announcement waa re- ceived with loud cheers." 