THE ROSE OF ALGAU. (Reprinted fnnn the Lamp.) CH APT Eli I. In striking contrast to the warmth of argu ment and irritation of feeling with which sectarians and the few within the Church whose eyes were blinded at the precept taught by the lips of truth itself, that the spirit of the Holy Ghost dwells with its unerring power in the Chair of Peter, was the obe dience of the overwhelming majority ; and it was a remarkable sign of the decadence of faith, in many outward observing Catholics, that the Definition of the Dogma of Papal Infallibility should become the subject of unreserved discussion in which, whether from an underlying fear of more rigorous disci pline or the overweening pride born of belief in the infallibility of their own particular judgment, the laity fell into the error of as suming to themselves an almost equal right to authority in spiritual matters with their divinely appointed teachers, thus acting in direct opposition to the commands of that Church, in the fold of which they asserted their determination to abide. By such as these, temporal politics, even when of so mo mentous a nature as the interchanges between France and Prussia, were held of secondary moment to the necessity of watching over the world-wide interests involved in the promul gation and reception of the dogma which held paramount rank amongst the subjects for the digestion of which the Holy Pontiif had summoned to the Council of the Vatican men the most illustrious for their piety and learn ing from every part of the globe where the light of Catholicity has penetrated. Our story is interwoven with the Definition and the AYar, in their results upon the destiny ot‘ our leading characters ; hence this opening comment. The pain all true Catholics in Germany felt at the loss of their seceding brethren was lightened by many a trait of heroic endurance »f harassing exactions for the Faith, and the apathy of some was met with so firm and un shaken a unity on the other hand as showed to the world their unalterable determination to preserve the simple-minded obedience to the teachings of Holy Church, which lmd been transmitted to them by generations of ances tors Avhose hearts heat loyally for Faith and Fatherland. The tints of green, with their various gra dations of delicacy and loveliness of beauty, glowed in copse and thicket towards the de cline of a bright afternoon at the close of May, until a small aristocratic party, strolling leisurely from point to point, welcoming old scenes and discovering new attractions in the changing panorama stretching before them, declared the mountain chain had never unfolded to them the luxuriant wealth of its charms before that hour, and the younger of the two lady pedestrians, turning to the gentle man on her left, said : “ Your home, Mr. Dclariviere, on the southern slope of the Alleghanies, though excelling in magnitude the scenery we have looked on to-day, cannot, I fancy, surpass its fairness. Look,” she continued, “ and tell mo whether it be possible to imagine any landscape more captivating than this view into the valley, where the more minute the scrutiny the more enduring the charm.” l! The Lady Isa is right,” answered the gentleman after a few seconds, during which in', had intently scanned the glen ; “ one might revel hen' in the delightful enjoyment of fierimut legends, and fix on this as the spot where the fairies by a combination of their marvellous genius had created their magical domain.” “ Fairly answered, Isa,” laughed her j'omig est brother ; “ but what provoking Puck has marred their work by that wretched looking hut, at tin1 entrance of the valley, where one catches a glimpse of yonder plain V Mr. Dclariviere can have seen no hovel in his own country whose, architectural beauties have boon more completely eJlaccd by the shifts of expediency.” The two addressed looked at the dwelling indicated, and classed its occupants amongst the miserably poor, although Isa said the rudeness of the repairs showed no mean ingenuity, and she was speculating on the habits and probable characters of its inhabi tants when the third gentleman of their party, wlm had hitherto taken small part in their conversation, scattered her conjectures to the winds by exclaiming : “ Delariviere, your glass lias a more power ful lens than mine ; but yonder form, just in sight in the valley, must be that of a graceful maiden ; shall we call her the fairy president of this enchanting scene ?” “ At this distance even my glass is of little avail ; it only shows me a slight figure in a white dress.” “ The owner of which is probably con nected with the Waldtens, whose country house cannot be far from the lint,” subjoined Tsa, with a slightly perceptible tinge of malice in her voice. “ We have rambled long enough to-day. Let us go back to the carriage,” urged the elderly lady. “ And renounce a peop at the fairy, mother mine ?” il Ah, Fritz ! when your legs have carried you through as many years as mine have served me, their claims to consideration will be apt to quell all the romance of enthusiasm you might otherwise feel.” The party had halted, and again, as through out the course of the afternoon it was Lady Isa who directed their course, when, after a few moments of desultory chat, she turned back, saying : “ Forgive me, dear mama, for having wandered too far. Mr. Delariviere’s improv ing conversation and the loveliness of the day have made me forgetful of woman’s weaker powers of endurance, but I suspect we shall all gladly regain our seats in the car riage, so we will deny ourselves a nearer glimpse of the fairy figure, even should our eiforts in her direction be rewarded by an in terview with the flower of the province, the hose of Algau herself. 