GLEN INNES SHOW. (to the editor.) Sir,— Our : Show of 1881. ts almost npon ns, and so far the committee are to lie congratulated on their labours—that is the working portion of them ; hut it is incomprehensible to me that the business lira nib era. thereof are so lethargic. I am certain they cannot see the error of their ways, or tilings would assume a different aspect. That an institution such 'as the P., A., and M. Association should have no call on their atten tion must surely he damaging in the eyes of the public. Every business man in town must admit that anything which causes an influx of people, if only for a day or two, will necessarily aug ment the cash which is supposed to ho already in their pockets It is not, however, for, any individual gain that shows are usually got tip, Tint for The good of the . community ; yet if the business men would only show a little more energy on their own helialf they would also confer a great deal on the society.'-.- It-is 'all very well to say, let a few meiv ' carry.' on the affairs of the Association— they 'must remember,- " In the 'multitude - of '-councillors', there is wisdom," and a few-let them possess, all' the abilities imaginable— if: not backed up by the public, must ultimately fail Anything that. would ad- vance the interests of the district in any form -has a right to .'consideration from those who really deem' Themselves' the leaders in. things" social and political. The P., A., and M. Associa tion of Central New England Was once a grand institution, but gradually tlie; pastoral clement fell off, ami now the commercial lias every in dication of doing the same. As for the mining, it is merely a name and nothing more, so that nt present it is almost entirely agricultural. To whatever cause we can attribute these desertions I ant Tumble to say, hut evidently clnss feeling has a grant deal To do with it. It is to he deeply regretted that such should, ho tlra easu in a district where all three interests should work in perfect unity. Surelj, because: tlie institution is a little in debt, it is no reason for. its old sup porters to full off ; for, if they coukl only see a little before them, they ; would one and a|l cast in their mite, and place the Society in n solvent position. There is no great sacrifice required to do this, only a little energy and devotion on their part. T'te public have goL the idea in their heads that tlra Assoeiutiori is irredeeuiahly lost in debt, nnd that the only outlet left is to give up the ghost. But such thoughts are absurd, because, for the simple reason, I ask whether it is more just foi- a than to go up King street and wipe out at one fell stroke all his debts, of to pay. ft liltle bj' little and give every one his own. The latter I.think would he the most honorable; although the former by a certain class would be called the systematic mode of proceeding. If an individual is in difficnlties.it is no use of him sitting down and whistling for fortune to come his way ; no ! he must bo up and doing. And so -with our Society. If its well-wishers hope to see better tiines, they must cast aside the present indifference Tind work with a. will. We have a district -which, every year repeats itself in the shape of produce nnd stock, and it is only tlra fault of the people if they cannot succeed in bringing together every year an exhibition equnl to any -district in the colony. We have suffered enough calumny for our want of energy ! in things progressive in tlra past, that it is high ; tiipB. we gave indiciUimis of a bctterstnte of things. A bright futqra is in prospect for our district if we onlv Take Time by the forelock. Remember, lie is bald behind.— Yours, &c.;, Progress. 