ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES The newspapers made a serious omission the other day when they reported the oharge against Professor Pepper in the Oity Police Court. They should have mentioned whether the Pro fessor appeared in propria persorue or by his *' ghost." One can imagine how useful it must be to a man to have a ghost so thoroughly under control as the Professor's. A man with a ghost Jike.that could laugh the process-server to scorn. ▲ bailiff's assistant could not very well serve a ghost with a summons, and put into its hand the traditional shilling. Moreover, it is aserions point whether the oath of a ghost is acceptable in a Court of law. There are other very nioe questions involved in that direction whioh would puzzle a Philadelphia lawyer. The ways of the law are proverbially devious. Zven the simple processes of our Local Court system require experience before a suitor oid, if legally unaided, successfully navigate them; and sometimes mistakes, amusing to onlookers, suddenly bring the unwary litigant to grief, as may be seen by the following instance, whioh occurred during the past weexUpon a case being called on the plaintiff duly appeared, but the defendant, who evidently had discovered the Saw in the proceedings against him,did no t answer to his name. Stepping confidently into the box the plaintiff was about to pay the Court-fees as a preliminary to kissing the book, when he was stopped by the S.M. observing, "Butyou havn't returned the summons." " Them's all the Court papers I've got," replied the plaintiff, handing in plaint, &c.; It was then explained to him that when he took out the summons he was given duplicates, one copy of which it was hiB duty to return. "But I served them both myself on the defendant" was his rejoinder. The S.M. mercifully advised him not to appear, as that would give him the Court fees, it being impossible to proceed without proof of service, and the case was struck out. The plaintiff departed, ruefully scratching his head, and doubtless hia next legal proceedings will be more orthodox. A scene which recalls the gatherings of the old Covenanters, whose stern sense of duty bore them tip amidst the moorland's wintry blast, occurred a few days ago. Just before the terrible downpour which passed over Ade laide and suburbs, a group of mourners stood around an open grave in a cemetery not far from town The venerable clergyman who officiated had jnst commenced the service when the rain came down. As the deluge continued a look of appeal for adjournment passed round the group, which was, however, unnoticed by the worthy pastor, who, uncovered, continued the service. Tfae audience rapidly melted away to shelter, until only four remained—the undertaker, gravedigger, chief mourner, and a friend, who vainly strove to protect tha white bairs of the minister from the pitiless storm by means of a sunshade which had seen better days, and was almost useless. Still the reading went on, while streams coursed down the old gentleman's nose and neck, and from off his book into his hat. As the siowly uttered sentences approaohed "dust to dust,' the gravedigger, who stood over the ankles in water, the very picture of misery, mechanically looked about him for the customary handful of earth, but there was nothing available except si ush. At this j unoture the undertaker—an old hand—was equal to the emergency, for out of some recess in his drenched habiliments a handful of gravel was fished, just in time, as the solemn words were delivered, to be dropped upon the last couch of a dearly loved one con signed to a watery grave. LINES BY OUR OWN LUNATIC. HIS COURTSHIP. The shades of night were heralded by twilight cool and grey, As, with my fiddle, up the hill I sped my gladsome way; Twas to visit Araminta, the one idol of my heart. And try to lure tier soul to love by heavenly music's art. Araminta was so beautiful, her soul so pure aud good She had a voice that charmed me like the songsters of the wood; Her lips were red as cherries, her cheeks were like the peach; She only had one single fault—stut-uttering in her speech. And there my Araminta in the broad verandah stood, She welcomed me approaching with a smile so kind and good. 'Twas perhaps a lover's flattery made me Btutter-utter too, And say " I'm cu-cu-come to pu-pu-play and sing to you." She said, " I'll hear you pu-pu-play beneath the broad mu-moon; Tu-take a chu-chu-chalr, and put the strings in tu tu tune, And I'll stay here su-Binging while you pu-pu-play below. And when you've done 111 take you in to see papa, you know." *With music, heavenly music, did my brain aud fingers thrill, Aramlnta's voice, responsive, re-echoed o'er the hill Asshesang "Farewell for ever to the city's motley rout," ■When, in dressing-gown and slippers, her old father hobbled out. And he stumped upon a crutch, and wore a nightcap on his head. And Araminta kissed his face, and thus to him she said— 'Pa-Papa, a young ma-man has hither come to pu pn-play. And du-don't be too ill-tempered, or he'll gu-gu-go away." Then I went up and saluted him and hoped I saw him well, Sat he stumped his crutch aud eyed me with an eye of import fell. "Gn-gu-go bu-back," he said, "to wherepu-people teach The cu-cure for that fa fatal stam-am-ammering in your speech." 'Nuno!" she said, "'tis nervousness at Hu-su-seelng you; He tn-ta-talks correctly when no-uo one ii in view." Xsaid " Sir, you're in error, for I do but play a part, Sy music and by mimicry, to win your daughter's heart." •Mu-mimicry," he growled, "until yon speak more pu-pu-plain. Cu-go away, aud du-du-don't cu-come this road again J The only cu-cu-cure for your stam-ammering will be To see the mu-mu-man who for etut-uttering treated me," Human nature is weak, and even so high a dignitary as a Coroner to not unassailable on the point of vanity. There was onoe upon a time a Coroner who was particularly punctilious himself, and who was extremely-solicitous for the dignity of his office. He was in the habit of treating his Jurors aud witnesses to little speeches on the subject of the respect due to the " Coroner's Court," and the unhappy constable whose fate it was to attend that awful tribuna used to lead a life not to be envied. It was " Jupkins, keep silenoein the Coroner's Court Constable, I beg that yon will prevent this sneezing it is disrespectful in the Coroner's Conrtor" Policeman, one of the wit nesses is in his shirt sleeves, he must wear a coat in the Coroner's Court." The witness answers " Please, sir, my coat's too torn." " Silence in the Coroner's Court. Con stable keep order iu the Court," and so on. One evening the ill-fated Jupkins had to summon Juron for an inquest to take place next morn ing, and among the victims was a rather erratic character, whom we will call Soaker. This indi vidual turned up on the morning of the inquest considerably the worse for liquir, or " carrying more sail than ballast," as the sailors say; but in the bustle of the proceedings this passed un noticed, and the enquiry proceeded. Mr. Soaker soon betrayed condition by asking all sorts of irrelevant questions, interrupting the Coroner, and making things generally mixed. His Worship severely cen sored the constable for bringing a tipsy Juror, and magisterially informed him that he should see that ail bis Jurors were sober. Jupkins in vain tried to exculpate himself on the ground tbat he could not shepherd every Juror, each in bis home—and they were all sober when sum moned; he was told to keep silence iu the Coroner's Court. Soaker was not so tight but that he could take His Worship's measure, and bo when the inquest was over, he rose with the air of a man about to propose a flattering toast at a convivial gathering. " Gen'l'men," said he, " before we separate I have a pleasant duty to perform—-{hie). Onr worthy Coroner—I should say. His Honor"—[here His Worship, who was looking severely shocked, assumed a complaisant expression]—" has wen our—(hie)—our regards by his extr'ordin'y 'bility (hie) and wonderful, yes (hie) accuteness in these solemn proceedings. I therefore propose a vote of thanks to His Honor the Coroner, with bumpers gen'l'men, and three times three—forgot can't have bumpers, but—can have three times three." His Worship here broke in with badly assumed in dignation and something about the dignity of the Coroner's Court, but after the Court had been cleared he said to Jupkins—" That man Soaker is a sensible sort of person, Jupkins; pity he drinks. If you have an inquest in his locality another time you might summon him; he Is rather an intelligent sort of person—very." Socrates, the Grecian philosopher and orator once told the Athenians that" by getting rid of him they would lose the only man who would stick to the city like a fly to a high-bred horse which needed a sting to keep it from lapsing into sluggishness." If that was the case with the ancient people alluded to, surely a whole swarm of flies and stinging " critturs" would be needed to goad a horse so apathetic as Ade ladeians were on Tuesday. The writer of the following verses tenders some remarks and advice for consideration of the people of the metropolis, whom without meaning any dis respect to the Gawlerites, he chooses to desig nate by the name of the " Modern Athenians." ADDRESS TO THE MODERN ATHENIANS. (By Socrates' Ghost.) Oh ! what an apathy have ye displayed, Ye citizens, when asked to poll! A small request, at which ye ne'er should stick. Yc're very slow, 1 say, in accents quick. Ten thousand of ye on the city roll, And yet three hundred odd but answer made. When asked for your decision on the question, Of whether Aldermen are now required In Adelaide, our rising city; Surely 'tis a pity That when it is desired To know your sentiments ye should not rest shun, But, eager as if making five-pound notes. Roll To the poll Posthaste, and there record your votes As pro or con upon the qnestion; But stead cf " rolling" in the way I've said, A very different role ye lately played. The subject's weighty, though some seem to think All good in Aldermen's a good digestion, And the capacity For wearing flowing robes, in civic state. At City feasts, where viands and choice drink, From Aldermanic plate, Are eaten, and consumed, with great voracity. These are well known stories, But may be with exaggeration. Of Guildhall's gorgeous glories, Where those, of lofty civic station, Discussed the viands of a Guildhall table. And ate, and drank, as long as they were able, We're told an Indian feast. Or banquets of great Great Grecian Alexander, And others of those ancient gorging sinners, Who, at their public dinners, Partook (at least, Unless the tales be slander), Without the bounds of reason, Of " all the delicacies of the season," Were nothing to the feed, Of which proverbial Aldermanic greed Is the demander. In short, 'Tis thought That nothing 'neath the sun Has so much room To more consume As hath an Alderman—his feast began. Like any overloaded bna. Be still has " room for more," To every one's disgust, Till, being as full as that same bus, he feels Like those who work with sculptor's steels, He'll " make a face and bust." (That last joke's quoted, as you'll note I trust) . Bat such are not at all the men we're needing ; For that's abase. And not the use That's made of lofty civic station. An Alderman to city, and to nation, May be of other use than feeding. For other oil is needed for the easing Of all those complicated wheels, Wluch oft want greasing In the municipal machine; And he is truly green Who, solely bent on stomach pleasing, Deems all hit duty, done if he has sat And tried to grease them with the " verdant fat.'* (And here, lest some uncertainty environ . As regards That last quotation, it's from " English Bards," That scathing satire of the trenchant Byron.) Bnt, dropping all this talk of Aldermen, Ere I lay down my pen I'd once again repeat my statement. That "ye are apathetic in the last degree." W hat else yonr recent conduct conld have meant, I'll say, for one, I cannot see. Ye want some Socrates like him who told the Greeks In their Athenian eity That they were like a highbred horse whose freaks Succumb to sluggishness; bat by his wit he Pricked themllke a healthy stinging fly. And goaded them to actions great and high. Yonr scope for action is perhaps not great, Bnt little leads to great, and thence to greater; And e'en a little state Will grow in time. And be a great one soon or later. And now I think, to end this lengthened rhyme, Be not so apathetic! 'tis a crime \- That should have laws against It framed. Ye should be all agreed To tread it ont; it is a noiseome weed, And one Mot fit to see the Bun Within a city "Modern Athens" named. 