LECTURE. ' ' On Friday evening a lecture was delivered in the Clare Institute -by Mr. F. Duffield, J.P., the subject being 'The Revised New Testament.' The President (Dr. Bain) was in the chair, but the attendance was small notwithstanding that the proceeds were in aid of the Institute .f unds. In the course of his opening remarks Mr. Duffield observed that the maioritv of nersona tpothyIpH th« authorised version as the unadulterated word of God, unmindful of the fact that the pre sent received version was itself simply a re vision of previously existing revisions. la the preface to the present revision we were told, 'The English version of the New Testament here presented to the reader is a revision of the translation published in the vearof our Lord 1611, and commonlv known by the name of the authorised version. That translation was the work of many hands and of several generations. The foundation was laid- by William Tindale, who published his first edition in 1525. Three successive stages may be traced: First, the publication of the Great Bible in 1541 ; next, the publication of the Bishop's Bible; and lastly, the pnblication of the - King's Bible of 1611, in the reign of James the first. Thus the form in which the Eng lish New Testament has now been read for 270 years was the result of various revisions made between 1525 and 1611, and the pre sent revision is an attempt after a long in terval to follow the example set by a succession of honorable predecessors.' The lecturer alluded to the modern system of printing booksand stereotyping them, and compared this with the old plan in which each individual eopy had to be written out by hand, and generally on sheets of parch ment. The manuscripts which have been collected together to form what is termed a canon of scripture, were selected from a number of others which were regarded aa spurious. The ordinary transcriber of a manuscript would almost to a certainty have some acquintance with these other manuscripts, and finding in some of them a sentiment that recommended itself strongly to his mind, or as being more in accordance with ideas to which he had been accustomed might introduce them in the margin ; or he might introduce marginal comments of his own- as illustrations. Some subsequent transcriber, being pleased with the marginal illustration, might be led to incorporate it with the text. Thus we may very easily account for the various readings of the old manuscripts. Since the publication of the received text upwards of 300 manuscripts have been discovered, of which number 25 are in the large square character indicative of the greater antiquity. ' Yet we are not in possession of any original document mine handwriting of any of the Apostles or of any one living in their time. Mr. Duffield next referred to the obliteration of some of the. most valuable, of the manuscripts by means of pumice stone, so as to make room for the subsequent composition of the monks; described the many versions now known as the Syriac, the Coptic, the Sahi dic, and the Arabic; and stated that so voluminous were the quotations made use of by the early Christians that it is thought that had the original scriptures been lost they might almost have been restored by means of these quotations. All the former versions were executed by direct mandate from the Sovereign ; the present one origi nated with the Church Convocation, inde pendently of the Sovereign. Revisers were appointed by the Convocation, and the co operation of American scholars was invited and obtained, as well as the assistance of certain Non-Conformists eminent for Biblical knowledge. Principles and rules were drawn up by the Committee of Con vocation for the guidance of the revisers. The first of these is to introduce as few ' changes as possible, yet the lecturer con sidered that in one instance this rule seemed to have been flagrantly violated. In the Lord's Prayer (Matthew vi., 14), and also in other places where the word evil occurs they have introduced in italics the word 'one,' making it to read 'the evil one' thus indicating that there is nothing in the Greek necessarily involving the in tropuction of the word em. Yet they in troduced it, giving at the same timatha marginal reading 'or evil' The revisers would seem to indicate that by the evil one they understand any one who is evil dis posed, the Greek term for evil being in the masculine gender. The abolition of the division of the Scriptures into chapters and verses was favorably commented upon. Mr. Duffield next proceeded to investigate .the manner in which the revisers nave executed their work, and gave them full credit for learning, ability, integrity, and diligence daring their 10 years arduous inquiry. Their periodical meetings were well attended, and the result of their inquiries were sent over to the American Committee who returned their answers to England, which, after con sideration, were either filially adopted or rejected. The American suggestions that were not adopted were given at the end of the book, and Mr. Duffield said that he can didly confessed that he frequently gave the preference to the American suggestions. In the course of the work a great many small ?deviations in the wording, punctuation, use of italics, &c;, occurred. An instance of thi« kind was met with in Luke xxiiL, 32. The authorised version reads, 'And there Were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be put to death.' The revised ver «ion reads, ' And there were also two others, malefactors.' The change from other to ' others is extremely significant. Other ?changes demand more particular reference. Thus, in the concluding chapter of St. Mark's Gospel, we read in the margin, -'Tlie two oldest Greek manuscripts and «ome other authorities omit from Terse 9 to the end. Some other authorities have a different ending to the Gospel.' This passage, which the marginal note so tho roughly condemns, the revisers have separated from the rest by a vacant space. Mr. Duffield said it was gratifying to find that the passage had so little claim to au thenticity, as it contained a statement ap ?parently at variance with Christ's teaching, -which grated harshly oa the sensitive mind, -and which had given, rise to much bigotry ?and -persecution. It was a statement, too, not found in the other three Gospels. This reference is to verse 16, ' He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved; but lie that ?believeth not shall be dammed,' as in the .authorised version. Other alterations had an important bearing on the controversial divinity of the present day. Notably among these was the familiar passage regarding the three heavenly witnesses— 1 John v., 7. After the words ' There are three that bear xecord,' the revisers omit ' The Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost : and these three are one. And there are three that bear wit in earth.' This is the only passage in the ?whole New Testament that bean any resem blance to the doctrine of the Trinity. Yet it has long been known to the learned, and ?clearly demonstrated to the Englishreader, that it was utterly devoid of any chum as a portion of the original Scripture. The lec turer remarked that it was highly satisfac tory to those who desired to give the gene ral public the unadulterated Scripture to find tiiis passage omitted. A somewhat similar remark was applicable to the address of Stephen— Acts viL, 69— where the word «-?©d' in the authorised version is ex changed for -*' Lori!' in the revised version, which is also in italics, there being no cor resDondina: word in the text, and yet some -word being necessarily understood. What that word is would be clear from a perusal of the passage without either of the sup plied words. 'And they stoned Stephen, calling upon and saying, Lord Jesus, re ceive my spirit.' Any one reading this passage would easily perceive upon whom it ms that Stephen called. Another omission in the revised text was the 37th verse of the eighth chapter of Acts. In the margin we read, 'Some ancient authorities insert wholly or in part verse a-r, '.ana r-nuup said, If thou believest with all thy heart thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Ghrist is the Son of -3odj' This vewe is omitted as not having '' sufficient ^support w ancient authorities. In BomanBTriv., 10, for* We shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ,'' the re visers have substituted the word 'God' without any comment.' In Acts ix., 20, it is said that Paul ' preached Christ that he is the Son of God.' The revisers substitute « Jesus' in the place of *' Christ,' a matter of considerable significance. Again, in many passages, as *? God hath glorified his tum Jesus.' ' God. haviner raised up his Son Jesus,' 'Against thy holy child Jesus,' *' That signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child, Jesus,' the ?word 'Jesus' is substituted for ' Son' and « child.' In Luke iL, 33, it iB said, ' And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things,11 and at verse 43, « And Joseph and bis mother knew not of it.' The former is now rendered, 'And his father and his mother 1' and the latter, ' And hisparents.' In Matthew i., 23, « Behold, a virgin shall ba with child,' the revisers have rendered it, ' The Virgin,' as if in reference to some existing young woman. This rendering is in accordance with the original Hebrew, with, the septuagint version of the Old Tes tament, as well as with the Greek manu scripts. A judicious alteration, the lecturer considered, had been made everywhere by the substitution of the word 'love' for 'charity:' also in substituting the word ' Hades' in the place of ' hell.' The lec turer then criticised somewhat adversely certain passages, and mentioned that the the American Committee in many cases were adverse to the decisions of the revisers, who recommended that the text and margin should change places. The critical use of the definite article in the Greek language was next touched upon, and an allusion made to the substitution of the word wine ekins for bottles, and reconciliation for atonement. Mr. Duffield concluded by say ing that it did sot detract from the com mendation of the revisers to say that their irotk was not perfect, for such was the common lot of human efforts. It was a matter of uncertainty whether the revised version would come into general use at once. There was a great deal of the conservative element in society, which would cleave to old ascertained forms and authorities, and ' in some quarters there had already been dis played an amount of ignorant opposition. There could be bat little doubt that it would ultimately succeed in establishing itself as the acknowledged version of the New Testa ment. It took fifty years to bring the pre sent authorised version into general use, but it ultimately superseded former versions, be came the text book of the people, and has maintained its position for 270 years. At the conclusion of the' lecture, which had lasted an hour and a half, the Rev. C. e Lane proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Duffield for the able manner in which Sie had dealt with the subject of the lecture, and Mr. A. Palmer, J.P., seconded the pro position in eulogistic terms. The Englishman's proverb is, ' Never defer till to-morrow what can be done to day.' In Spain they put it rather dif ferently: 'Never do to-day what you can defer till to-morrow.' The Spaniard is perhaps the wisest, for he has ' slept upon Before marriage she was dear and he was her treasure; but afterwards she became dearer and he treasurer, and yet they are not happy. 