LOCAL AND GENERAL. Two errors occurred in our police report published in last issue, which we hasten to correct. Mr. Twine is represented to sit on the bench in a municipal case, whereas he it was who laid the information. In the assault case it was stated that Mr. Thompson and Mr. Salmond appeared for the defendants. This is so far incorrect that it might lead our readers to believe that Mr. Salmond ap- peared to defend Mr. Inspector Morisset. He was retained to defend Sergeant Burke. The revenue returns for the half year just closed show a gradual increase in customs receipts and a slow return to general pros- perity, but the expenditure is still £10,000 per month more than the revenue, notwith- standing general retrenchment and the saving effected by extinguishing the roads depart- ment. At the end of the next financial year a deficit of more than £100,000 is antici- pated, and the question will naturally be asked how will the Government propose to deal with it ? There is no longer a railway reserve fund available for financial opera- tions. A difficulty has arisen in New Zealand. The Governor is Sir Arthur Gordon, and he contends his title of "High Commissioner of Polynesia" takes precedence of that of Go- vernor of New Zealand. Ministers are making a fuss about the matter, and threaten to stop the Governor's salary until it is settled. Buyers of wool in New Zealand are open ing the bales and re-sorting the wool. Several instances of cheating have been dis- covered, and the "original settlers have had to come to such terms as were satisfactory to buyers." "He that will not when he may" is the title of Mrs. Oliphant's last novel. Of course "Shall not when he would" will come after; and " Blow the winds, heigho," at a remoter future. A list of tenders accepted for the supply of provisions for one year on behalf of the public service has been published. At Roma, we find that for schedule No. 2, in- cluding beef and mutton, and suet, Messrs. D. and J. Benjamin and Co.'s tender was accepted; while for groceries, brandy, wine, and other spirits, ale and porter, vegetables, potatoes, maize, bran, chaff, &c.;, Mr. W. B. Murphy's tenders are accepted. Last Saturday's Gazette contains a notifi- cation that the Land Commissioner for the Roma district will visit Miles on the third Tuesday in March, and every alternate month afterwards, for the purpose of trans- acting business connected with the Department. He will, also, while at Miles, receive applications to select land for regis- tration in the Roma Land Office. The disaster to the 94th regiment detached to escort a convoy was not so serious as we were made to represent it in last issue. Our telegram stated that "twelve hundred" had been killed—rather more than a British, infantry regiment unsually numbers. In the messages published by our contemporaries we find 112 as the number of men killed by the Boers, and even that is far too many. The manager of Dunlop station, near Bourke, in the heart of a dry portion of the Barling country, has had a well sunk 488ft. A splendid supply of fresh water was found which has risen in the shaft to within 90 feet of the surface, and the supply is therefore practically inexhaustible. We have received from the Under Secre tary for Lands a copy of the jnew map just issued, showing the route of the proposed Transcontinental railway to connect with Point Parker, in the Gulf of Carpentaria, and also the contemplated connection of our existing line with South Australia. The map contains references to the country through which the proposed lines will pass of "special value" to residents of the interior. We notice with considerable satis faction that the projected line from Soma to Cuimamulla is marked to start direct from this town, and there is no indication of its going from any other place—either Hodgson or Muokadilla. We take from the Courier of Monday the following calculation of dis tances, &&:—-Taking the distance along the hne according to scale we find that from Roma to Blackall via Tambo, is 275 miles and by Charleville 335. In spite of the the- advantages seem in favor of the latter route. By going straight westerly town before tend mg northwards a larger area sets the advan ?§. , Sf1 ,ay communication, and from J 80 over downs up the of the Ward instead of crossing ^ at the beads of thf Warrego and Nive nvers. From Blackall to the head of the Alice River, where the Kockhampton junctions, is i™ nearIydue north. The «^n!iaInP j sanctioned and the plans approved as far as the Belyando lr,+viQg- il-t mile8 more to carry it FromVh!.11^ th*C prop086* main line, irom the jnnction to Araraac is forty miles a-nd £rom thence to the srssjj'* Une has been approved as far as Charters Srr*' TTg 185 mile8 "till unpSed Pmm *e .proposed Point of junction. From there to the Cloncurry is about 220 mJes m a west-north-westerly direction when the line beds again to a little to the west of north, and makes Burktown in 22ft Thence to Point Parker U S sixty miles. This would give a total lenrth for the line from Soma via CbarlevDle to Pomt barker of 1070 miles ; and when it is remembered that 265 miles more is rani^d ? CeB^ral and Northern to l* J^ctl0n'the gigantic nature of +K? % ■ ac?omPli8^ed- even leaving out the extension in the direction of Soatf Australia, is sufficiently apparent. sAw important gathering,;of Freemasons will take place to-night at the Masonic Hall, on the occasion of the installation of the Worshipful Master and- other officers. Several members of the order holding high offices in Brisbane arrived by train last night to take part in the ceremonies, amongst whomweretheHon. A. C, Gregory, P.G.G.M, and JohnFeriwick, Esq. They were met at the railway station by a number of members of the order oil the arrival of the train. Something ip the nature of a sensation was created on Saturday night when a tele gram was received from Miles stating that six or seven passengers had been left behind at Hat place by. the train coming up that night. It .was known the carriages were pretty well- crowded, many excursionists daring the Christmas holidays having selected Saturday last as the day on which they would rejoin tljeir friends. The passengers left behind:were compelled to remain at Miles' from' Saturday -afternoon until early on Tuesday morning, when the goods train passed that place ftotn Toowoomba for Roma. Of course when the passengers did arrive at their destination yesterday morning many of them were not in the most amiable mood, and it is not improbable the conduct'of the railway officials will form the subject of inquiry. Etom* what we can gather of the affair, it appears that the train arrived at Miles atthe nsual -time, and stopped there for a quarter of an hour' te give time for refreshments. The refreshments ate served. at the hotel outside the station gates, which ifl abtrat the same, distance from the platform - at Miles as-is the Eailway 'Hotel at Soma. The signals^-customary on "such ..occasions were made at the expiration of the time' allowed for. the train to stop. We haye heard it asserted that the engine whistle was sounded two or three times to give warning to passengers for " all aboard," and after the last whistle the guard gave the signal to go ahead, having stopped twenty five minutes. As the train was moving out the ~ passengers were seen rnnning towardfs the station, but of course too late, anil notwithstanding that there was considerable shouting and waving of hats the train went on. If the above nar rative of the affair be correct it is not the railway officials who are at fault. Even Cobb's coachmen would not wait under the circumstances, and certainly not pull, up after once starting in order that dilatory passengers may not be left behind. But let us have the inquiiy. There have teen sundry transfers of officers in the Telegraph department authorised since the beginning of the new year. Amongst others the station masters at Dalby and Gympie are to change places, and Mr. R. Scott is to leave Mitchell and take up his quarters at Taroom. Mr. Scott is well and favorably known in this district, he having been resident in Roma for a time previous to going to Mitch elL At Mitchell he has been stationed about seven years, and his transfer to Taroom no doubt somewhat un pleasantly severs, for a time at all events, his connection with many valued acquain tances and'pleasant associations. Mr. Scott passed through Roma on Monday. Previous to leaving* Mitchell his many friends there took occasion , to express their best wishes for his future welfare. Persons-interested are reminded that ap ~ptiCSttoi5K-£tM-HrtTC ui aeutuun-y to tfae Roma Hospital must be sent in on or before Friday next.. Mr. Gaynor is acting as secretary until the appointment is made. The usual weekly meeting of the acting committee of the Roma Hospital, on Friday evening last, lapsed by reason of there not being a quorum of members present. It is hoped there will he a good meeting on Friday next, because in addition to impor tant ordinary business there will be a secretary to elect. A very opportune and acceptable change in the weather set in on Monday morning. The day was slightly"— but only very slightly -drizzly in Roma, although a few miles out we hear of a good fall of rain. Yesterday, however, there was quite a steady winter's nan for an hour or two, which set the water channels running and the people congratulating each other on the prospects of a heavy downpour, with more to follow. There is no rain gauge here, but yesterday there was probably a fall of 0*15 inch, which may be approximately rendered by about one-seventh of an inch. When we say that seven inches of rain is about the quantity required to fill the waterholes, set the creeks running, and put the land in a fit state for ploughing, some idea may be formed of the rainy days yet hoped for to make everything comfortable and as it should be. - There has not been a decent fall of rain since last September, and pre vious to that shower there were four months without a drop, and many of our farmers were almost in despair. - The earth was as brass, and the heat of the close of the year was very distressing, -with scarcely any good wholesome water in the household tanks. The change to run is exceedingly welcome, and just now the sound of the pattering drops on the housetops is more cheering 'and ac ceptable than would.be the most melodious strains of a biass baud. The moaquitoe that are sure to follow, and from .which we have been hitherto free during the present' season, wm~t>e tolerated. To our farmers and pastoral ists the rain will be of incal. culable service. The former will, if the showers continue long enough, be enabled to set their ploughs to work, and we hope to see some broad acres under wheat this year. The pastoratiste will have in a very short time abundance of grass, for the earth frna bad a long rest, and vegetation will rise up as from a hotbed. In a few weeks the pad docks will look lovely, and stock wiu be enabled to move about with some degree of comfort. To the Municipal Council the recent drought should set forcibly before them the urgent necessity that exists for providing a better supply of water. We think at least one well should be sunk to a sufficient depth to reach fresh water, and a public pump rigged np. It would be money well spent, anaif oar aldermen can demon strate that a good supply of water can be obtained at a reasonable depth, owners of allotments will no doubt sink wells on their own acoount. If they cannot demonstrate that—which we do not believe—by deep sinking, but show that the water is not there, a vexed question will be settled, and some other means must be adopted to effect an improvement. Anyway a better supply must be got, and it is a matter the new council should early take into consideration. ( : TBVHoto. Jamco Taylor ie announced as having entered the fielcbto contest thfi-dw-. tidn of ^oowoamba with Mr. R. Aland. Eight drawing-masters and fifteen singing masters are to be dispensed with by the Education department of Victoria. This reduction will effect a saving of £5000 a year; bat compensation money will amount to £2500. We are glad to find our local meat preserving company are making really sub stantial progress (says the Courier of Tuesday), notwithstanding the little that is heard of their doings. ' Yesterday a cable gram was received from London, announcing that the company's engineer, Mr. Campbell, left for Queensland on the 8th instant, with complete plans of the machineiy and works. The engine for the generation of cold is to follow on February 11. At the Police Court on Monday, before Messrs. Macfarlaae and Bellgrove, James Burnett, charged on remand with breaking into the cellar at Bungewoigorai and stealing therefrom sundry bottles of wine, was again brought up. The accused was farther remanded for eight days. An aboriginal of New South Wales, named Peberdy, was brought up on remand from St. George on suspicion of being of unsound mind. Dr. i De Leon deposed to the man's sanity, bat stated that he was suffering from congestion of the longs and disease of the liver, and strongly recommended his removal to the hospital. Peberdy was accordingly dis charged and .subsequently gained admittance >ta the "hospital where he mil receive medical treatment. In oar advertising columns will be found a list of unpaid rates due to the Bongil Divisional Board. The list is important principally as shoving how ridiculously small are many of the claims, most of them being for fifteen pence. The cost of collection must be a serious item in the board's expen diture, particularly when after letters have been written and circulars posted it becomes necessary to publish advertisements. A fire shilling rate is about as little as anyone should be called upon to pay, and that in one sum. With an income of only £240 for the past half-year the board cannot do much more than cut burr ; we hope it has been called into existence for a much higher purpose than that. Yesterday auctioneers' licenses were granted to the following applicants, Messrs. 1 Macfarlane and H. Benjamin being on the bench at the Court House :—R. J. Cottell, Joseph Garter, and John Morrissey. The | licenses are for a period of twelve months. Yesterday the police took into custody for protection an elderly man named M'Culloch, who has been residing for a few days at Mr. Birkett's boarding- house. M'Culloch is evi. dently laboring under some mental delusion, his prevailing fear being that about fourteen men and women are on the look-out to catch him and inflict upon him some bodily harm. He became so restless that the - police were communicated with, and he was placed in the lockup to await medical examination. One of the neatest card office-almanacs we have seen this year is that issued by Kir. M'Kellar, of Brisbane, one of which came to hand yesterday. As a specimen of coloniri workmanship in the way of colored litho* graphs it is interesting as denoting the degree of excellenceattained by this par . Briijiang hftppo . The distribution of prizes to pupils attend ing Mrs. Henry J. Browne's educational establishment did not, owing to the threaten ing aspect of the weather, take place on Monday last. No tima has yet been fixed for the distribution to be made, but when arrangements hare Been concluded due notice will be given. Daring the past few days Sergeant Burke has been superintending arrangements for ! the equipment of the party about to start on j a flying survey from Roma to Point Parker in ! connection with the proposed Trans-conti I nental Railway. Mr. Watson, to whom has been entrusted the carrying oat of this im portant work, arrived in Homa on Saturday night last, and has been staying at Mr. Ryder's Queen's Arms HoteL He will pick up Mr. Ham about Blackall, the latter gentleman having gone by way of Rock hampton. The police authorities here have received instructions to provide horses for the expedition, and it is in the selection, branding, and harnessing of these horses that some of the police have just been en gaged. Mr. Watson brought with him a light but very strongly-made conveyance from Brisbane, wjiich will carry the neces sary baggage. A driver of the conveyance also came up from Brisbane, and two men have been engaged in Roma to accompany the party. It is intended, we understand, to make a start oat towards Mitchell to-day or to-morrow, then on to Charleville, irom whence the expedition will go dne north to Bla&kalL; It is almost needless to say the party will have the best wishes for a safe and expeditious journey. The saddlers of Brisbane have held a meeting at which a deputation was appointed to wait upon the wholesale houses calling attention to a practice which has become too common, and haB proved to be exceed ingly injurious to the trade. It is that of selling to their customers small parcels of saddlery at the same price the Brisbane saddlers are charged. This they want put a stop to, otherwise the Brisbane men will combine, put their money into a co- operative concern, and import; direct on their own account. A selector residing near (irenfell, in New South Wales, was the other day patting a swag into a cart, and in the ewag was a gun, the barrel being separated- from the stock, when by some mishap the weapon went off, the contents being discharged into the man's chest between the fourth fith ribs. Grand Flaneur has once more established his supremacy {says "Hermit" in the Courier) by easily winning the Champion Stakes away from Progress, second, and Sweetmeat, third. He commenced his public career on the 1st January, 1880, by winning the Normanby Stakes, and since then he has never known defeat, having proved invincible at all dis tances. In Tvngland they talk of Robert the Devil as the best horse of modern times, but it would be a matter of considerable interest to all racing man to ascertain whether or no he is capable of holding his own with our •'lounger." Bishop O'Quinn has once more expressed his disapproval of existing arrangements witi* respect to public education. The endowment has now ceased, and in a letter to the Minister the Bishop inwn^^ that candidates from Catholio schools are obliged to get 10 per cent, more than others in examinations. It ia needless to say the in* amnation ia emphatically denied. No fewer than 3,052,810 •orereigns were issued, from the Melbourne inia%TIa#t^aar; '* Mr. Rome's return4 for't&e; ACtchdH district is regarded-"as oertain,* ' Probably Mr. Do Saiga will retire from the contest. We reprint from the &. D. <3towite flie. subjoined comments respecting the condition in which farmers are Maiding < wheat to market, and commend them to thflooaaide ration of farmers aboat JBoma:—We would take occasion, on submitting the following quotations from Messrs. Neden Broe.,. to; draw the attention of the fanners to tiitf careless and slovenly manner lit which * con siderable quantity of the wheat grown on the Downs is being sent to market, and the ultimate injury done to the character of the flour produced here. It does not require any penetration to discern thai good floor cannot be made from a mixture of. black soil and weed seeds, no matter how good the grain may be in itself. Unless it it thoroughly free from all foreign substances the lour must necessarily be of an inferior character. Being at the threshold of our existence as a wheat producing district, it is of the utmost importance that we should b^gin well, and thus gain a position from which no outside competition can dislodge us. No. 1, prime milling wheat, 4s. 6d. ; No. 2 and 3, inferior 3s. 6d. to 4s. per bushel delivered at mill. The wheat market has still a down- ward tendency. Black soil wheats will not be taken at any price. We would urge that wheat-growers would take the precaution to supply their wheats in a marketable state, so that our colonial floor may get a good repute in the colonial market. I to (saya " Endymion" in the Queenslander) there is something tangible in the Transcontinental Railway scheme after nil. Of course I am one of those very viae people who have treated it as the mere device of intriguing politicians. But when a real live Duke starts to inspect the coun try, and is to be quickly followed by one of the ablest, most experienced and most trusted railway engineers in the Southern hemis phere, I begin to rub my incredulous eyes. Mr. Robert Watson Is a man of more than colonial reputation, and the fact that he is about to proceed to the Gulf during the terrible rainy season, the bar© mention of which scares even Southern bushmen, I wmfflM there must be faith. If not also en thusiasm, at the bottom of the project. The engineer will, at any rate, have an excellent opportunity of the 'flood levels, unless 1881 should prove an exceptional year. He will be piloted by that accomplished bushman, Mr. so I don't Apprehend danger. But I should not be surprised If the entire party find it wise to camp a few days in the branches of some friendly tree in their travels through the very Far North- west. Speaking of the death of the late Mr. R. H. Beor, the Brisbane correspondent of the & 2i. Herald says:—" To say that his un timely death is mourned, and his loos felt; may in this case be said with perfect truth. The death of his young wife within a year of their marriage was a blow from which he" never really rallied. Their attachment was' almost romantic in its depth, and unto this last poor Beor was in the habit of spending his Sunday mornings at his wife's grave." : Tenders are called' for the further exten sion of the Bundaberg railway. The con* struction of the section now about to'be authorised will carry the railway to Mount Perry. The Duke of Manchester takes so keen an interest in colonial affairs that he is prepared probably to suffer some inconveniences in exploring this portion of her Majesty's dominions. But our New Year's weather must have been something of a surprise to him.. It is said ".the burnt child ahnmi the fire," and a Duke that; has oncte been re duced to a state of torrefaction by an Aus tralian hpt wind is likely to be a little shy of -Queensland-*~Tnidsmmner in fatate. I can fancy his Grace leaving Mount Abundance on New Year's Day—for no one who is not a Scotchman is allowed to remain under that hospitable roof on the anniversary of the great national festival—and apostrophising this strange new year much as TTumTwf. the ghost of his murdered father— " Bring with you airs from Heaven or blasts from Hell, Thou coms't in Buch a questionable shape That I will speak to thee " Off he goes in a bee-line due west to make further enquiry. On that Sunday when there could be no manner of question as to where the blasts came from, his Grace would be enjoying the cheery society of Dick Stuart at Mitchell Downs, and Dick, I know, would declare with a laugh that the day was a very ordinary one and the breeze positively refreshing. At the first meeting of the Colonial Institute after his Grace's return, I am afraid the worthy President will find a difficulty in reporting as favorably of our genial climate as a twelve months' acquaint* ance with it might have enabled him to do. —" Endymion " in the Queenslander. The last Queenslander contains a hint to orange growers which is applicable to the Maranoa as well as to Brisbane. It is this : Do not think, because the orange leaf is hard and glossy and does not wilt up like the softer leaves on diciduous trees, that it does not want water, for the truth is the orange is a very thirsty tree, and its desiccating effects upon the soil are very great Upon the dry ridges, if the present parching weather continues much longer, the young fnut now nicely crowing will sufler in rira and quality. Therefore, take a fort and gently loosen the soil around the trees, by inserting tiie prongs to their full depth and working them to and fro; but on no account invert the soil, for orange roots are all on the or face ; then mulch with old straw, or grass (or m the atwence of these even BtoneewOi do), to a depth of fully six inches, and ex tending 1 foot beyond the circumference of thebranchas. Then apply a dosen buckets ot water to each tree, repeating this water ing every ten days, and it will not matter to the tree hnw hot or drythe weather is. The Herald reports that a Mnj. Newton was taken into Dalby the other day for medical treatment, suffering from dropsy and disease of tie heart, but she died. Her daughter who was attending on her, had given her a drink of beef tea at her request on Wednesday evening, and >«nif and worn out with waigh»>g torest. VPben she was awaked in the morn-1 ing her motherwaafound to have died nam tune in the night, and had bean d£33 dantly some hours. ■< , . ^TheWarroocorrespondentofthe St. George WliUng 00 January ~~ayst-The weather dunng the past fortnight has been hot and dry ; we have had several storms of tains ^ very strong »mds from all points of the compaat fat no ML 0. nils 