DRAMATIC NOTES FROM; HOME. ( Miss Jiatoman, tho original L oali, hasgivon up the management of Sadiers Wells Theatre. A burlesque, in three acts, by Recce, is now crowding tho Guioty. The Juvonilo Pinaforo troupe's visit to the provinces proved a failure. Emmctt, our Eritz, came to considerable - grief in Dublin. It Is stated ho was alclto- holically inclined. Miss Kathleen Irwin, the original Rosa Dartlo in tho late Andrew Halliday adaptiou of David Coppcrfiold, will appear shortly in - 'Melbourne, after her tour in America. Gilbert, the bright sarcastic writer, is on gaged upon an opera, in conjunction with Sullivan, founded and slightly altered from tho terrible inolo-drama of tho Soveu Clerics, which was rather of a night-mare giving nature. There are forty seven theatres in London so the metropolis can olFord to burn down two or threo a your. Tho titlo of Henry J. Byron's latest comedy is New Brooms. It was produced at Birmingham, and received by a crowded audience with great onthusiosm. Herbert Reeves, the son of the great Sims, is said to possess a voice equal to his celebrated father's. No one could say better oven if they tried. Georgo Loyboumo (Champagne Charllo) baa givon up his carriago and pair, and does not havo to do six " turns" a night at the popular Music Halls. Sic transit gloria mundi. Old Lloyd, tho low comedian of Glasgow Theatre Royal is dead, aged considerably over . seventy, father of Arthur, tho comic vocalist. Howard Paul is now tho manager of Alham bra Palace, Leicester Sqaaro, Tho Bancrofts succeed in filling the Hay - market, every ovoning, Hollingshead, the <rboss " of tho Gaiety, does not believo in Shakcspoare, barring the ghost of Hamlet's expression — " My custom always on an afternoon," for he finds his matinees , pay well. Tennvson, tho poot, is writing a new drama ; . it will Be produced by manager Hare at the St. James Theatre, under the title of " Bow and Arrow," The dramatised version of " Our Mutual Friend," by the late A. Halliday, is in activo rehearsal at tho Olympic, under tho title of- " Only Gold" Miss Fanny Josephs will take tho leading female part. Toolo is now making a triumphant tour in tho provinces. Long before the doors woro - ononod at Bradford, ovcry scat in tho big theatre was booked. A benefit for the veteran dramatic author Mr Madison Morton, author of " Box and Cox" and about a hundred well-known and ' popular farces, is fixed to tako place early in November at The Adolphi. Mrs Keoly the - colobrated actress, has offered to appear in "Betsy Baker," hor orginal character for this occasion. The siBtor of G, V. Brooks, playing under tho nomme do Theatre of Miss Grace Clair in tends shortly to visit these colonies. He ' line - light comedy. LuLu the wonderful femalo acrobat, has mot with a sovero, but not fatal accident in Berlin. Tho Egyptian Hall is now occupied by - Indian jugglers, who astonish all who go to sco them. The Colonel, comedy, from tho pen of-F. C. Bnrnand, has already run five hundred nights, and appears likely to extend to a thousand. The music hall, known as the Pavillion, is > to bo turned into a theatre, under tho m'anagG - mont of Joyce, of the Strand. Littlo Jenny, "Joe," has sailed for Aus tralia. Sho will not get " Bleak " Houses hero, wo fancy. ITero is a cruel fact ! There will bo no pan tomime at Drury Lane this year I Tho German actors, who lately visited'Eng- land, have returned to the V&terland;, light in > heart aud heavy in pockets. 