METROPOLITAN ECHOES. Saturday Night. There is no political intelligence whatever, and I have never up to the present seen a quieter time for an election. Doubtless things will be a little livelier by next Thursday, but aa it ia one would scarcely {imagine that Mr Berry is positively but of office, and that some how or other the country gets on without him.' The Treasury steps know him no more, his iron frame is at rest, and yet the colony lives and apparently, well, too. Indeed, there are not wanting people to say that- it wouldn’t much : matter if the “ party" was left out. altogether for a year or two. . : You will be glad to hearthatDr Charles Ryan' (Plevna) is recovering , rapidly, from the shak ing he experienced the other day. He objects, however, to give the definition of the mare, as « fractious,” and I quite agree with him. She is nothing of the kind, but a- “detached shaft" (as your sub. appropriately puts it) would have frightened even Dr Syntax Bucephalus out of its propriety. The other day Mr Bent, with that good nature which has always distinguished him,, requested Mr Fairhurat to Bend him in a list of the 11 unemployed.*’ Since then the astute Minister has ■ been as little near; his ; office as his sense of public duty would permit, but the courteous secretary has had a fearful time of it. It’s bad enough to have to come to your officaat 9 a.m. precisely under any cirum stances, but it makes the matter worse when you find a long list of unemployed on your table, together with a polite intimation that the matter wants attending to at once. ..Mre J. B. Steele, better known as Miss Adelaide Bowring, goes to Europe on Monday, to play:an engagement at the Theatre Boyal, Dublin, where the festive, but fortuitous, Jack made his cUbtd some years ago. Miss Bowring is the best actress’ of “ heavy” business that we have on the .stage, and her Portia, Emilia, and Harriet Kouth are well-known to Ballarat audiences. Jack is the best of fellows, but, as I have Baid, erratic. I remember him playing the Ghost to Montgomery’s Hamlet when it was evident that the dread shade had been dining out. “I am' thy— hie— father's spirit,” said Jack. “That’s rum,” returned the eminent tragedian, who waß noted for his “ asides !’ while on the stage; but.. as D’Artagnau, Benedick, and Mercutio, the clever husband of the clever wife, Wae-unrivalled. That good old man, G. B. W. Lewis, is still hankering after a circus. He proposes to run a “juvenile arena,”, no horse to. be over thirteen years. of age. ,It is wonderful how the, ruling passion survives. Dr Dobaon is to be ring-master, and to. pass in the Miss Hardcastle (Mrs Lewis playß the part with infinite delicacy and brightness) told young Marlowe, “ he sought to guess the age of young women by marks of mouth." The j learned doctor (he is only a doctor of laws) ! in reading up vigorously on teeth, and en deavoring to meet Lewis, who, since the pro test against ’* Tambour Major,” locks himself into his room at the Bijou, and curses out of the revised edition of the Bible, \7hen the pur conjoin there will be war. Hoßie has tried Mr Peter Newton to act as barman (and bottle holder) on the occasion. Aarons—the artful Joseph—says that Lewis is a desperate ruffian, prepared for ferocious deeds; but Joseph wears a coat of many colors. Speaking of Joseph reminds me of Poti phar’s wife—that ia to say. Crime de la crime U haute' Boutie. In Melbourne society the. latest scandal is that a solicitor small practice has run away with his nephew a wife —curicus taste.this! —and that.the nephew, who is an articled clerk, followed his amorons uncle, and literally “put him up the Bpout" by jamming his venerable head into.the empty receiver of the engine on the siding 1 of a plea sant station not far from Beaconsfield. ' Had it not been for the prompt inter ference of the local preacher, who answers to the genial and appropriate name: of Tapley you remember Mark of that ilk in 11 Martin Chuzzlewit" {—matters might have been more serious. As it was, the County Court was this morning deprived of/ one of its most shining ornaments. . : . .. ; Monday Night. ■ The working-man of Ararat has been effec tually roused, and declined to be dictated to any longer by “Boss' Syme” or anyone else. ! Had the dictates of the Argue been followed Mr Cfaunsbn would have been ' ostracised beyond all reach of redemption, and bad the electors wished to please the Daily Telegraph they would have Voted against the honorable David to a man. But they were, told a little too forcibly what they were to do, and they have kicked against it in consequence. The result of the you with what affect. ' ; If.you believe some.of your Western Aistriot correspondents, the most unholy combinations are in view—Sir Bryan O'Loghlen . to he A judge vice Molesworth, and Mr Grant sheriff, Vice Colonel Reid. The chances are that the risk, so far as the said contemporaries are, concerned, is father to-the thought, and Sir Bryan hss at present no idea of. having to sentence anyone to death, or .Mr Grant of having to see the sentence carried_ out, or perhaps' of running the . riels of being com pelled to carry it out himself. ; - Dewhurst is wakiug up. to a sense of hiß position as a “ star,” and becoming conscious that if one wants to shine astronomically m Melbourne he must take a little trouble about it. It is true that anew arrival has < not now'to face the same “medical” ordeal as of •old, and that an actor may have a slight show without “kneeling” down altogether. But he cannot afford to trifle with his audience, or to attempt to force anything second rate upon them. Mr Dewhurst has the good sense to see this. His Richelieu was a decided improvement on his Othello, and bis Shylock still more so. He is not, ao one at first expected from his fine stage presence, si G. V. Brooke, but he has considerable intelligence, and perhaps, after all, his desire to avoid rant may have been the first cause of his apparent quietude at the outset of his career. However, I fancy you will soon have an opportunity of judging for yourselves, as I understand he is soon to visit the golden city. Dr Moloney .wrote not long ago a clever paper in one of. the reviews, entitled,- *’ The Suicidal Stage of Existence.” He: generalised from facts brought under his notice that the majority of persons about the age. of thirty had grave and unpleasant promptings to terminate a life wbioh was to them dull, stale, flat, and unprofitable. Arguing from the expe riences of Goethe, Sbabspeare, Schiller, and Hugo, he elaborated a Beries of ingenious sup positions, which made more than the ordinary talk in Melbourne society. I: never had any desire tocutmyown throat, though.l have often felt an inclination to “dispose”—de Quincey like—of the lives of others, but I confess that! can understand andappreciatethissuicidal senti ment. The wretched man who hung himself in the Treasury Gardens oil Saturday had some wild show of justice on his side. “ My health is gone,” he wrote,’ “ and my money iB gone, so I must try the next state; this has become too hard." I can sympathise with this poor fellow. Whan land la gone and money spent, Than learning la moat excellent; said the heir of Lynn, when ha went to hang himself, and luckily found that golden store, which was. not heaped up in the. Treasury Gardens for the unfortunate man who “ tried the next state.” I wonder how he likeß it by this time. : Is it true that the Wife, or aunt, or soma other female relative, of one of your moat im portant mining managers has in safe keeping the garments which Prince Victor note while recently descending a Bhaft not two miles from Craig’s ! I may be pardoned for asking the question, as a lady at Castlemaine fondly cherishes the glasß his: younger brother . drank a brandy and aid* from. Keeping it under a glass case, and only allow ing it to be washed with VVuideor soap, the favorite toilete accessory, aB she has been in formed, of his royal grandmother. Lady Margaret Bellenden, of Tillietudlem {vide “ Old Mortality”) was equally particular with regard to a throne or chair of State on which Charles il. had once seated himself while at breakfast, but as the worthy lady had lost two’ sons in the royal service, and was in the habit of seeing an old friend shot for loyalty on an average ones a week, there was some excuse for her devotion. Just before closing my letter I noticed in the Herald an extract from Truth , showing how the younger Dumas, in the mild hope of extracting a Napoleon from his plre prodigue has mulcted himself of 14 francs, which the said plre .incontinently borrowed from him, The anecdotes regarding the eccentric Alexandre, would fill.on a mode rate computation six volumes of minion, but one ia to my paraquat knoiylpdge trqe. “ fluipas fill" said I to the younger man ope evening in the old place at Amiens, !‘is it true that your respeoted progenitor is as ynio ai» they say?" “Vain! Parlleuf’ replied fe His. “Vain I why, he would get up behind hie own carriage to make people believe he kept a black servant.” Considering tbat'the author of “The Three Musketeers" was dashed with a tarbruah thickly enough to have sup plied three Victorian waterworks, one can underatand the allusion. ; . 