GHOST, STORIES UNVEILED. ; -Chambera' Journal! At a social gathering, of , friends onejeveningl a . few years ago,' the much- vexed question otauper- . 11 nturiil appearances came under discussion. ,. As ! might, have, been expected in these .dayB of aoien- tibo experiment and ..inductive philosophy, ,the j tone of ithe icon versation : was" ' of '"a" deoidedly sceptical tinge: . The. lady of: the Iioubo;' anxidhs apparently that ghostly claims; should be fkirfy represented, appealed to her"; sister-in-law,' Who" had lived for aeveral yea'rs iri a haunted : houto, : arid begged'ber to day what 'the result of hrir. 'experience had been. , " ' ' " ' ! ' Our bouae)' replied the' sister, ' was.Jnj a ! bleak and lonely situation arid many years be;; | fore'._we ...entered -its walls, -some disagreeable associations had bean woven in its history. In ; spite of these, .the; place. .did- us ; no harm; though I .amj hound to. say that- during our | sojourn in it we heard sounds which auperstiti- jously inclined folks . migh't have regarded with | dread. Perhaps we were not a family likely, to. ! suffer frini' imaina'tive terrors, because we were" ! more acoustomed to examine an unwonted object ithan to run awayifrom' iti'j'nor did we oonolude that every phenomenon not clearly understood by us iriust' he due t6:sup'ernatnr'ol causes! Often at night we heard noises in uninhabited rooms I as if articles of furnituto WeVe 'heing moved or dragged aorosa the floor ; but these . we became jused to, and assigned them to! such Bimple causes as mice, or poBsfhly rats. But once I recollect that the clanking of a chain at midnight wakened mefrp'm a half-di'eaming state? to.fulll coosoioua- Iness. ' I thought I must have! been mistaken, and .Went quietly to sleep again but the next night at the same hour the noise was distinctly re; ipeatodli My sister; who slept in 'the same room', jheardjtialso, andiwas. as puzzled as myself.' It' riecurred. from .that time so often. that- yye became: acoustomed to ft' alsri, arid Were , almost 'ceasing td:'s'p'eodlaIe'on its' cause,' When cine1 day,' stand-, ing in my own room in broad daylight', I" heard' the clanking. noise loudly ljepeated.j A Thought struck me. I ran down-stairs out of the hall door, and through a garden-path to the stable- yard, whose wall formed an angle with our side ;of i the hqnse.f>;Aa I looked- in to the starile; the', horse shook' niB chain ! This wo'b the very rioise jwe had. heard so, often— the, .same,, thing, which; riad' fiapperied' riiglit after night, When the horse iwakening out of his Bleep, g'ot up/ shook hira- iself ; and stamped in hia stall, before composing jhimBelf . for another nap. .If ; I . had ..not .thus, traoked the'torind and . verified, it . for myself, |LI, could never have believed that it could' have ibeen ao olearly heard through thick wulls atsuch a distance. ' Ah !? Baid a.olergyman, who had lislened to Ithis aqcouriV.nith.muclvamuVament, LI am per suaded' that if people would take the trouble of examining" such mysterious " occufrerices;'' the number of authenticated ghost-stories "fo'm re cord would"be|8en8jbiy J1diminished.j .A 'curious circumstance' happened 'fo' my" father when he was a very young man. _He. lived at some dis tance from the dwelling of the girl who after- wqtoabeoamehiswifeandniymother.pHehad, 'to work! and waitlor her. fo'r soVeral yeara/ari'd - as for her sake he applied very- closely to his business; they seldom, -met'.!- Bdt-dccasionally,' 'after his, day!s, work.- was,, over, he; took ai.ver.y long, w.alk.into the next qounty. to get a glimpse., jof h'er 'fair' face," arid ' po'rohahce the treat of, a 'quiet talk. On one of these rare ocea'sions' tie" bethought himself of a. short out through a village churchyard. It'wOiTnot very easy of ao-. icess, for the. gate ...was looked, . and ,a brook, of. tomede'fftli | WeptjaroundiPMlrif: the outer! wall.; but he was young and active, and eager to gain time ; so, after a somewhat stiff olimb, he found himself within the limits of the conse-, brated'griJund; i>'. i'» 0' 7/ : U'T .! li f > ' j It wasi B"ielear,!moonlighti'night)liSh'd the tombstones stood around him in close and yenerable array. Suddenly- he saw something jwhioh made him start and pause. From beneatti the';shadp w of the.church wall a' tall white figure glided stealthily out into the light, My father quietly fejrelte'dj behind'a tombstone", and watehedf The figure advanced ;" tie scanned it oarefully ; nnd,.bqneath the, white -robes flutter ing in the nigtit-air, tie beheld a very substantial |?air of bgo'tsijij ijj 'QU'liL 3t)UA&'£. - I : ' Said he to himself : " Do ghosts wear boots ? I wonder tfholnlbkes them';", aiid h'e!deoided on making a closer inspection of thiB mysterious tihurchyard apparition. ' The figure moved on ; my fattier quietly followed, keeping well in the shttdo'WTif" the" tombstones." "" "After some little time Bpent in this kind, of jdodgipg, the ghost advanced to a jfqttjoP.tlie.'waU, -overlooking the road and the stream, and took up his position en Ihe top .of it. . In u.aeoond my father came be hind, arid with a Btrong arid sudden!, pjffih; tjppe'd th.o.utilucky.ghbaLiritoAhe Btream wtiioti rippled- below. He heard a plunge and a shout, waited a few moments to see that the fellow had struggled safely to the other side, minus his white sheet, then turned. and sped- on" :his way, rejoicing at'tiaVinfe-hit-Oii to!- nfiver arid" expedi tious a method of " laying . a ghost !" : Years passed away. My1" father married the lady of his ohoioe, and , they hared theusual,, course tir liferi'vieis'situdes together;' Long after tier death, he took me to ,vi8,I.t)ie , scene his riarlywhiingArid'the horiie'hf 'tier jiflhhocL 6n 6ur way from the railway station we drove hrough a village from whibh a funeral procas- sion. wasssuing. in .solemp pomp, to the , ohurph; yarid.' Als1 we'rdttiriied wh stSp'pe'd ftir an' hour at the inn and ordered luncheon. Like most of his class, our host was' chatt'y and communica tive, und at .once entered into conversation. " .Pleasant weather;' geritlerabn'; - Wor h'avti Ka'd' a large funeral here to-day ; .the largest known in thegbtp'atl'S for.nfahy. ayear. -;-We all'-wished to show our respect to our oldest inhabitant, Wil liam Dawkinsvx,Aj.yeryciviL iellctk/was Bill. Many a story of the good old timos he used to fell. And he had some qqeef;jidventures of his own too to talk about. ..You'll soarce credit me, gentlemen,, but , 'tis a fact that that man had seen a ghost'.'" ' ' "A ghost I'eiolkifriea' my' father, whose natural scepticism on that subjeot had beenlong siricolatfeh'gtheriod bY. (hp 1 incident, IL have,, re-, laf e'd. " , ' He d toampi ot one, I su p prise, ' or an extra gtassrif ' ale'liact gone tb'hiatiea'd.",u0j, " Nothing of the kind, air," replied the land lord with great, seriousness. B'll not only saw a ghost; but1 felt it', arld'that'pret;y sharply, I can tell you., The way he "fell in with it was this. Some of o'ril'li'da Had fjorie tri a fair that was held-a'few miloa away arid Rill; wanted ,to frightoH ttie'youri'if fellows on their way Hoinri ; so he justrilijobed iilto the Churchyard, wifaped a! sheet about, him,, and,, .waited, atioulj till he thought they "Rere plbse 'athfirid. l "He was istandlng'on a bit oi'wall-1 jhst' atiove the road, i when lie heard a atealtliy trend coming up be- ; .hind hiin. He turned round quickly, and there ! wbb a dark figure at his back ; but before he I could move, it made one rush at him and | knocked him clean over into the stream that ; runs below. The full and the fright look away i his breath; and between the terror and the I wettinho got.suoh a scare thqt he never ven tured nd'ar that ctiufehyard again after nightfall. I He said it was a dangerous thing to play at : ghosts, for no one knew how near the ghosts ; themselves might be, nor how angry -with any one who dared to play pranks iu haunted places" I .im'JihTO Rs(ra|ige.j|o|y,.'f.twe. said but our ; hoBt thought it stranger,, stijLheri my father j related his share in tha.adyoiiture. .. (The eoinei- dence was ceftainly a curious one! and affords a specimen of the kind of foundation on which j maiiy . d.l popular arid " well-auth'sritibated " ; ghost-story may be built.,. l 