COMMUNICATED. & Will much oblige by marking those to which they desire to direct attem r* .«d when cuttings are enclosed, it is , they should have attached to them > of the paper from which they ate tiODi 1 .leoTthe paper fi and the date-] Sydney, Nov. 16. Tticrevival at the Royal of "The Pirates t P«iMnce," with Miss Rees as Mabel, is 1 went of the week. The applause be MHdupon Mies Rees has been re-echoed on ii sides and no doubt some of it has been rLj bnt when her admirerB come to flir the situation calmly they will discover t reason for being critical as well as en- j Sstic, In brief, I think the success of ifaeRees has no depth to warrant its per- ! Jleoce. She has no power, no strong feel- I and her appearance is suggestive of artifi Sty rather than of natural impulse. Her ! WeiidB are sanguine of her developing into a rtjud operatic actress. Her critics, however Lcb they may express themselves to the contrary, know that she has given no real jimnt for snch prediction. Her voice, although flexible, is thin, and her dramatic -overdoes not go beyond confidence. At the Queen's they have produced "Ma «ppa" with teal horses, and a young lady as the hero of Byron's dramatised story. The lorses are very mild animals, and the young lidy is mild also. The dismal drama of iiti.Tavm kna nftflh walwAntMAJ • "Uncle Tom" has been galvanised into a vitality at the Opera-house; the JIClivlvUQ " "* ' » UvUOC J. vuC circus draws a good many people together; the ghost business at the Victoria- hall still tag its admirers; and Mr. Denton continues to retail his scientific compilations at the School of Arts. Baton. Adelaide, Nov. 12. Hi. Hatkins's Othello is nearer an actual mlisation of the character than one expected to meet with, judging him from his Hamlet ooly, So many have tried and so few have tncceeded in representing the lordly Moor thgt Mr. Harkins may be looked upon as poeseeeing special attributes for the re presentation. After seeing it, one can well understand why Edwin Booth was anxious to open in London as Iago to Harkins's Othello. The letter's Richard is a real, diabolical, old • fashioned crook • back to look at, bnt has an original flavour of Htvniae eabtility and grim humour which ordinary "celebrated tragedians" cannot conceive, mnch less express. It is, indeed, is able undertaking, and properly consistent. Betr Bandmann and MisB Beaudet do not flonrieh particularly at Garner's. They put on "Romeo and Jnliet" after a fashion which was Bimply laughable. Miss Beaudet bis no chance whatever, so surrounded. We should much like to see her at the Royal. 