THE PRETTIEST LITTLE WOMAN IN THE WORLD. YES, the prettiest woman in the world and the sweetest; but that's not her husband'a grave, and she's not a widow. She goes to tend the flowers on that mound, because the man that lies underneath loved her ~&nd; lost his life on her accoUnt. I'll tell yoa about it if|you like; I knew them both all through. Her name was Janet Garston, and she was the curate's daughter down In Combe-Beryl, a little village in Devonshire. They didn't have a vicar there, the place WAS too insignificant; and the Curate used to ride over to Ditchley, five miles, after the morning service on Sandays, to take the afternoon duty there. But they had a trout stream— one of the best in the country—and men UBed to find their way there for the fishing now and then. That was how Hugh Latimer and his friend came to Combe-Beryl oae cummer, and made acquaintance with Mr. Gar/ston and his daughter, as was only natural they should do, seeing that there wasn't another oreature above the level of a .fisherman or a small farmer in the neighbourhood. . Hugh was at bis grandest then—five and twenty, the most popular man in his college, a first-raie oar and good cricketer, air foot two in his stockings, with |an arm like a. sledge-hammer, a face handsome enongh to turn any women's head, and such a frank, winning way with him, that I'd have defied yoa cot to like £him- If you tried. You should have heard him sing, too. There were a dozen of us at John's whojwottld have backed Hugh's tenor against Sim^Reeves any day- I suppose I must add that there were two things against him,, one of which was the occasion of his being down at Combe-Beryl. He wasn't over-prudent: used to play, you know, for rather high stakes^ and—lofte; and when he took a glass .too much—as most men will at times—it got into bin. head. He had two or three glasses too much one night at college, and there was a row afterwards, windows were smashed, and' Hugh got a year's rustication just as be onght to have been going up for his degree.' It was a great pity, for he «u a brilliant fellow and sure to have passed high; besides, it made his uncle, on whom he was more or las* dependent, in no end of a rage; but I don't thin^; Hugh minded much even at the beginning, and still less after he had once met Jetnie Garston. You [call her pretty now; but then, ten years ago, 8he was more like a daily flower than a flesh-and-blood woman—a wee fairhaired creature, with a blosaom of a face set in wavy curls, and hands and feet as small and delicate a« a nine yean' child—the only one her father had ever had, and motherless since^she was a babe. He just doted on her, aB was natural, and wouldn't have thought the Prince of Wales too gbod to com* sueing for her hand; but then Hugh Latimer was better than -a good'many princes, both to look at and talk to poor fellow! Anyhow, the two young men, he and his friend Ralph Burton, wete'oanst&ntly; at the curate's cottage; and as Ralph, who was a dull, heavy sort of fellow, used generally to have to talk to the host, the other two got each other's society pretty well to themselves, and were wont to laugh and sing and chatter together like a couple of birds, except when Hugh was out in the cove I The man was a born sailor, and delighted in nothing eo much as the sea at its roughest and wildest; while poor Jeacie had a perfect horror of the treacherous ocean, and wouldn't have gone for a pleasure trip on it with the gallantest companion in the world. Hugh use?) sometimes to go out with the fishingboats of an evening, and' then Jeanie would sit in her little garden overlooking the cove, pretending to darn the curate's socks, but watching the lessening craft with pale cheeks and anxious eyes, which not allR%lph Burton's efforts at cheering could bring b»ck to their normal brightness. Re was not fond of the sea either, except when it was fairly smooth, and the sua shining on it; so, though sticking like a leech to bis friend at other times, he seldom accon;pvaied him on these fishing trips. Some people said afterwards that he stayed on shore on purpose to undermine Hugh by making love to Jeanie in his place; but at the time Ma friend never suspected such a thing for a moment, and it wouldn't have been much use anyhow. Je≰'s heart went with the one aboard the boat, and, if she had any liking for the other, it was because he admired Latimer as much as she did. Ralph saw that pretty clearly for himself. There was one, drawback to theBe maritime excursions. Latimer was a great favourite with the fishermen. He used to give them money to drink, and they made him drink with them. Perhaps their coarse, fiery brandy had more effect on his head tian on theirs; but anyway, it was the old Btory. More than once Hugh was brought home too drunk to walk, and held on bis legs by a couple of sturdy fieher-lads. Once or twice he never came home at all; and Ralph, going to look for him in the morning, found him sleeping eff the effectB of a night of rough festivity in one of the Bqualid cabins by the beach. It came ont later that Mr. Garat"n saw him in that condition once ; and, thoagh he made no mention of it then, his manner towards the young man altered from that day, &nd; Hugh found it no longer easy to get J&*nie to himself. There was always some obstacle in the way: either the curate sat down by them, and made a third, or he tent his daughter off on some pretext, and entertained her lover himself. Jeanie didn't like it at ail, and Hugh was furious. He evea swora at Rilph one evening, because, in consequence of these man«avres, the labttt had enjoyed quite a long Ute-i-ttte with their bewitching', little heaters, and was, ia his sluggish way—the dull fool didn't see how he bored the- poor girl—somewhat elated in consequence. Difficulties whioh chill some people only brace others. Hugh, who might ^have contented himself by a mere flirtation with pretty Jeanie, fell desperately in lovo with hsr directly he found that difficulties were being put in his path, haunted her steps, sought every opportunity of meeting her, and finally got her alone and asked her to marry him. And Jeanie? Well, Jeanie blushed, trembled, and owned that she did like him very much, very much indeed; but papa—and then someone was heard coming, and she broke from him and fled away like a frightened bird. Hugh bad learnt what he wanted to know, however: she loved him. And next day he went to the curate and formally proposed to him for his daughter's hand- And Mr, Garston as formally refused him. Nay, more, he was not even civil, but spoke out in strong language to the young fellow, accusing him of low, dissipated habitB, and vowing that he would rather see his child dead at hiB side than married to a drunkard. It. was all in vain that poor Hugh pleaded that he was no drunkard or debauchee either; that a little liquor kad more effect on hit head than on most people's; and that, once married to Jeanie, he would refrain even from that. The curate was as hard as adamant, and would have none of him. The old story, of. those gambling debts was broueht up; and finally it appeared that Mr. Garaton had already been in communication with old Latimer, the uncle, who had written him such a letter respecting his nephew's character as would have justified any father in shutting hl» doora on him. High turned wellnigh black with fury when he heard it; but getting into a rage did him no good. Mr. Garston simply bade him good-day at the firat violent word, refused to let him eee Jeanie again, and bowed bim to the door. The young fellow went home pretty well raving. He made one more effort, however. He sent Ralf to plead for him. Ralph, who was as slow and steady as old Time, was a favourite with the curate, and could tell him the troth about that exaggerated shindy at John's, and show him tyat old Latimer's account of his nephew was simply founded on spite and prejndice. Ralph should see Jeanie, too, and make her promise to be faithful to her banished lover; and after some persuasion (for Bilph seemed strangely inert and disobliging in the matter) he went. It (was no us*. The young man saw Jeanie, saw h*r by herself; but though the pretty child looked pale and wretched and bad evidently been crying her eyes out, she was too fond of her father and too afraid of him to giv* any hop* to her lover against hiB will. Besides, the revelation of Hugh's bad habits and of his haying been found dead drunk in a common fisherman's hut had evidently shocked and frightened h*r, and she would only shed teara and beg Ralph to ask him to forget her. " He had been vary good to care for her, but it could never be— never I" And Mr. Garston repeated the last assurance more emphatically still, cutting short young Burton's pleadings by a peremptory declaration that under no circumstances should his child ever marry a man of Hugh Latimer's stamp. "If he bad been like yeu," said the curate, kindly, " it woulcl have been quit* different. It isn't his want of means, but bis general character. He might have been worse off than he is, but if he had had your —why, what's the matter?" He might well ask, for Ralph Burton's face had gone white, and bis big, square jaw was shaking like a nervous girl. " Don't say that," he stammered, hoarsely^ " Don't jest with me, sir. I'm not made of stone, and I—didn't even you see it? I've loved her, too,'from the very first day I saw. her. I would lay down my life to get one Bmile from her, and I never should. I've never had a ghost of a chance. It's Hugh she cares for." After that he bolted, and aB soon as Hugh heard of bis ill success, I promise you he slanged him well. Later, when he kn«w the truth, be cursed his own folly for trusting a traitor to plead his cause for him. Bat I don't think Ralph meant to be treacherous; he was only stupid and blundering. Anyway, [he didn't stay to profit by his treachery. Perhaps he knew it would be futile so far aB Jeanie was concerned, for next day he and Latimer left Combe-Beryl together and travelled to London... They separated there, for Ralph had his work to attend to. H* had -left college and was reading for the Bar, and Hugh went down to Brighton to have It oat wlth hla unci*. They did not meirt again. Ralph heard vaguely that the two Litimera had quarrelled outright, and that Hugh was in Paris, living on his aniall capital, and going to the dogs as fast as h* eould. Ms friend tried to communicate with him; but Latimer had no settled address, and Burton had his own affairs to attend to. He entered at the Bar next year; and po'T Hu?h gradually dropped out of ken altogether. He seemed forgotten by. everybody. Even by Jeanie I For after all, Rilph Barton married her. They met by accident about a year later, when the was staying with an aunt is town; and she seemed ao glad to Bee Rilph, and was BO gentle and pleasant to him (perhaps she remembered how fond he had been of her loat love, and liked hisa for it), that he took heart of grace, and after a good whils managed to let her see what she was to him. He did love het very dearly, I'll say that for him; and Jeanie was one of those gentle, yielding little creatures, loving easily, and clinging instinctively to anything that was strong aud kind. It came out in time that she got to love the man who had told her father that he would lay down his life to win a smile from har; and she married him- Well, I don't think either of them regretted it; and Ralph, at anyrate, was as happy as a king; They had » pretty littls house, lived in a cosy comfortable way; and when the baby came, the way in which Jeanie worshipped it, and R%lph worshipped her for being its mother, and it for being her child, was—Bah! remembering what came afterwards, Pd rather not think of that part of the story just now. The young man had one drawback to his happiness. Shortly after bis marriage, he met, quite by chance, the man of whop perhaps he thought more than of any one in the world, save Jeanie—Hugh. Latimer; and Hugh—looked him in the eyes, and cut him dead I Also at the club some of their mutual friendB, 'old college chums, met bim rather coldly, and he got to know that It was generally believed that he had played a dirty game at Combe-Beryl, and cheated his friend out of his sweetheart in a somewhat scurvy fashion. Ralph wrote to Hugh on this, a long letter, very badly worded, but trying to make out a case for himself &B; best he could, and to get the other to see it in the same light; and Hugh sent it back to him torn in half, and with this written on a slip of paper:— "I will hold no communication with a man who, oalUng himself mv friend, firBt deceived and then robbed me, ahd with whom —I swear it—I mean to be even one day yet.—HUGH LITMBB." A bitter message for Master Ralph.; aud it stayed in his mind and rankled there, though he kept his own counsel, and never told Jeanie a word about it. They were 1 coming back in the steamer from Jersey one day—R&lph; had a sistsr livlag' there, and they had been spending the summer holidays with her. Jeanie was as - frightened of - the sea as ever; but fortunately it was an exceptional passage, with a gentle breeze and a bright sun. when tbe veriest hypochondriao could hardly have f«lt it, so that they were all on deck, Ralph and Jeanie and the baby, Ralph pretending to bite the latter's dimpled hands, while tbe little maid crowed and laughed a&d; made clutches at his whiskers —you mayn't believe it, but that child was fonder of her father than of any other living creature—when Jeanie started suddenly and uttered a low cry. " Oh, Ralph 1 look—Hugh I" He was standing only a little way off, leaning against ih* bulwarks and looking at 'them, rather—only that he was so handsome and had been so hardly used—as Gain might have looked; but Jeanie didn't see that. The poor little thing was quite pale and fluttered. ' Oh, Ralph!" she said again, i" is it he How ill he looks, and how—changed! Dear, why don't you speak to him 7" And then Ralph had to tell her. " Sweetheart, Hugh has cut me. He can't forgive me for winning what he lost. We are not friends now." The stupid fellow had a choke in his voice even aB he said it, and Je&nie;'s tender little heart overflowed. '* Not friends 1" she repeated sorrowfully; " and through me ! Ralph I don't let that b*. Let me lalk to him. He looks so unhappy. Do let me." Ana of course Ralph did. It may have bean foolish.; but any man would have done the same that was a man aud not a cur. She went right up to Hugh at once, carrying her baby, and put out her little •oft hand to him, saying, " Hugh, won't you speak to me ? You've not forgotten me-r Jeanie ? And Hugh folded his hands tight, and said, *< No, I've, not forgotten you. You are the only girl I ever loved, the girl who, last time I saw her, told me she loved me, and. who comes to me now, not two years later, with another man's child in her arms. Ourse him and It!" His face was white with paBBion, and as he spoke he swung round on his heel to leave her. They were.at tae side of the vessel, and she WAB quite close to hicn. I believe, oh my soul, it was an accident, but his elbow struck h6rs and jarred her; she wasn't very steady on her feet, and she stumbled back. There was a sharp cry, '-'Hugh! Oh, my baby!" .a splash 1 .and then—we all knew what had happened. The child was overboard! Well, it takes many. wordB in telling, but it wasn't a minute's-work altogether. • Ralph made a blind rush forward, but his-friend was. too quick for him, and caught him almoBt by the throat. " Keep back, man!" Hugh cried. " You can't swim, and I—don't be afraid—I'll save it. I will, by G—d!" He was .overboard even as he spoke. The Bteamer was just coming to an anchor, the water as smooth as milk, and lots of help all round. They were both lifted on deck in a minute or two later, the man with the infant pressed tightly in his arms. Saved? Well, yes, as to the body, but the last revolving turn of the huge paddle-wheel had caught Hugh's :head.and killed him. -Not his own mother could have known handsome Latimer as he lay. there that day, dead, with the sun shining on him. And the child; . No need to talk of it! Thank God, at least, there wasn't a mark on the little white body, or the face that was dimpled with laughter a few minutes back; only—the soul .w&8 fled all the same. It was very young, you see, and such a fall alone—. I don't want to ta'k any. more . about that. I, took my wife home next • day. It's a happy home still, but there has been no 1 childin it ever since; and Jeanie keeps the two 'graveB very green. ? What have I to do with itf Oh I I forgot you didn't .know; Jaut the story was about Hugh, not me—lift Ralph.—TUEO. GIFT, IN Judy's Annual. Ejts HOKOUE'8 DECISION.—It wae in a Detroit teinple of justice. The counsel had become quite earnest in the -ttiai of * came, when one 6f them, told the ether that he had no brains. To this the latter retorted that the other ceaSBel had no brains, and both oouKsel appealed to bis Honour to .say which was right.- To this'appeal his Honour, with a. facetious twist in the corner of his mouth, replied thathe, did; not: wish to eoutradiot either, of ;the ^counsel, ; as *> both fmight be right," and he requested them both to proceed with the trial. 