$k$cte. SOME STRANGELY FULFILLED ' .. DREAMS. Br Richard A. Pitooron is ' Belqravia.' So fa* as can be judged by ordinary \- method! ot interpretation, It wonld soem that In the daya when the hiitory of Joseph ' wan written) and again in the time of D»nlol, no doubt was entertained respecting the lupernatural origla of all ; dreams. JoaopVo brothers, according to the narrative, took it for' granted that Josephs dreams ' Indicated ?omething whioh was to happen in the future. ' Whether -'they - questioned the validity of his own interpretation, is not altogether dear. They hated him after his first dream, ; and envied him, we are told, ' after his second : which shows they feared he might be right in hia interpretation ; but, on the other, hand, thoy oonspired together to slay him, which suggests they entertained some doubts on tho subjoct. In faot, we ire expressly told that when they conspired Kgainit him, thoy said, 'Behold, this dreamer cometh; come now therefore, and let us ?lay him,' and so forth, 'and we, shall see what will become, of hia dreams.' . Jacob, moreover, though he had ' observed' Joseph's '! saying' about the dream (after ' rebuking him for telling the 'story), seems to have, taken Joseph's death for granted: \- ? 'Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.' Possibly in those days, even as now, dreams were noticed when they wero fulfilled, and forgotten when, as it seemed, they remained unfulfilled. ! In like manner, when the butler and baker of Pharaoh dreamed each man his dream in one night, they were ead (that is, oorioua) the , morning after : for they' could not under stand what the dreams meant. But Joseph said, *f Do ' not interpretations belong to God I' Doubtless this was tho accepted belief in the day» when tbo history of Joseph was written. It Is singular that the butler, though he forgot Joseph till Pharaoh's dreams reminded him of his fellow prisoner, seems to have associated the .power of interpreting the two dre&ms; with the power of bringing about the events supposed to be portended by the ? dreams. ' It- came to pass, as he interpreted to ns, so it waB ; me he restored unto mine office, him he hanged.' It is just thus that, in onr own time, persons who believe in the claims of fortune-tellers to 'predict the future, commonly believe also that fortune tellers can to some degree control the future (dflO.' Pharaoh's dreaips were rather more fortu nate to Joseph than either his own or those of the chief butler and baker. (It is note worthy how the dreams of the story run in pairs.) In fact, one might be led to surmise that lie inherited something of the ingenuity Bhown by hU father's mother — referring to an arrangement, a year or two before Joseph entered the world, in whioh his mother showed to no great advantage, according to modern ideas. Be this as it may, it was certainly a clever thought of Joseph to suggest that the unfavourable weather he had predicted might be provided against by appointing a man discreet and wise to look after the interests of Egypt. Whom w»s Pharaoh likely to appoint but the person who predicted the seven bad harvests ! Even so, In these our own times, another Joseph told the British Fharaoh whs lately ruled over India that years of famine in India can be predicted^ and their effects prevented by ap pointing a man discreet and wise to leok after the interests of India. And it is curious enough that this modern Joseph seems to have turned his thoughts , to hiB ancient namesake, putting forward tho idea that the seven good years aiid the seven bad years were ? years of many sun-spots, followed by years of few sun-spots. Nay, . so strangely do these coincidences some-, times run on all-fours, that the younger Joseph has adopted the idea that the pyramids of Egypt (whioh were once thought to be Joseph's store-houses) wero astronomical instruments. Now, it is certain, , though this he has not noticed, that before the upper half (in height) of ? the great pyramid was set on/ the great ascending gallery might'havc been used all the, year round' for observing, the Bun at noonj and that by UBing a dark screen at its uppennost or Boutliern extremity, and admitting the sun's light only through a small, opening in this curtain, a large and ... well-defined image of the 'sun could, have , been obtained without any telescope, an image showing any large spots which might be.present on the sun's disc. It.woulil be a ploaaant 'theory (and all the better, suited \- for association^ with the ailn-spot-weather theory,, in having no valid evidence in' its favour) to suggest that.' Joseph 'really ascer tained the approach' of goodatid bad harvests by , solar observation.' His advice waB that the fifth part of the land of ' Egypt Bhould , be; taken up — that is; ' stored up— in the seven plenteous years; but the Astronomer Royal for Scotland assures us that ' the numbors five and seven are symbolized repeatedly in the' great pyramid. : Oould. anything clearer te desired ? ' '? But although I Have been allowing fancy to lead me far away from facts, I thinkit may safely boinferredfrom the story of Pharaoh's dreams that tho prediction of good and bad harvests was one of the qualities- which the Pharaoh's chiefly valued in. their wise men, whether magi or astrologers. The story o£ Nebuchadnez zar's . dream , is still moro singular. I suppose the usual service expected by the kings of Bibylon from their soothsayer lnoluded the. Interpretation of all dreams which' had left a [strong impression oh the king's mind— dreams like the night visiouB of Eliphaz tho Temanite, bringing- fear and trembling, making all the bone* to' shake. It does not seem to have entered into the ordinary course bf their duties to' tell the king first what he had dreamed (when he had forgotten), ' and 1 afterwards what the dream might signify. Indeed, though it ia not a very uncommon occurrence 1 to forget a ' dream, yet a dream which has been forgotten does - not generally leave 'a very strong. impression, and' therefore would not require interpretation. It happened other wise with Nebuchadnezzar. Hie ^spirit was troubled, and' his Bleep ' broke from him, becauie of his dream, but what he had dreamt : he -could not remember. His action hereupon was 'somewhat crazy; but we must remember there was -madness in his blood. ? He told the Chaldtoans, that if they , would not -make known to him his dream and the interpretation thereof, they should be cut in pieces, and their houses' made a'dunghiU.' This- wus precisely the way, one would imagine, to cause them'' to invent a dream' for mm-(he could not have detected the truth very well), and to have devised a suitable interpretation, pleasing in tho king's' eyes — which to persons of their ingenuity should not have been very difficult.* However, we must hot further con ' aider these more anoient dreams, . but turn at once to the examinatian of some of those remarkable -dreams of modern times which - have been regarded as showing that dreams are really sent iu : some cases as forewarnings, or at anyrate as fore shadowingsofreal*vehts. I propose toconsidec these narratives with special reference to the theory that dreams which seem to be fulfilled are-fulfilled only by accident: so many dreams ocouniug and so many events, that it would in faot be- stranger that no suoh fulfilmentsshould.be recognised than that * A (ftoat deal ; in tho ort of droain -interpretation for tlio rioh aud powerful must . obviously havo depondod on ingenuity in making things pleasant. Thue, whon an Eaatom potentalo dreamt that all iiis teeth foil out, and was told that ho waB to lose. all his relatives, ho slow tho indisoreot interpreter hut whoa a nother aad a clovoror interpreter told him tho dream promised -long, :lifo,'-and. that he would survive all his relatives, ho made the., man who thus pleasantly interpreted the omen many rioh and handsomo proserits, ' ' some among them should ooam exceedingly striking. Thore Is one dr«»ra Btory whioh can hardly bo explained by the coincidence theory, if truo in all its particulars. It is related by Dr. Aborcvombio an desorving of bohulf, though I must confess that for my own part I cannot but think the actual facts must have undergone considerable modification boforo tho story reached; iU prosent form. Certainly the caso does not illustrate the occurrence of dreams, nn a warning, effective or otherwise according to oiroumstanceB, for - the dream happened simultaneously with the event to which it was supposed to relate. The story runs ns fdllows (Dr. Aberorombio gives the story In a somewhat, but .not essentially, different form) |On tho night of 11th May, 1913, Mr. Williams, of Scorrlor Houso, near Redruth, in Cornwall, woke hiB wife, and in groat agitation told her of u Btrange droam ho had just had. He dreamt ho waa in the lobby of the House of Commons, and saw d man ohoot with a pistol a gentleman who hwl jvlst. entered tho lobby, who waisald.to bo tike Chancellor. His wlfo told him not to trouble himself n--out the dream, but to go ti sleep again. IIo followed hor advice, but presently woke her again, saying ho hud dreamt the samo dream. Yet a third time Was the dream repeated ; after which he wus ab disturbed that, despite his wife's entroatlcs that he would trouble himself no more about the House of Commons, but try to s}eep quietly, he got up and dressed himself. /IJhiB waB between one and two o'olook in tho morning. At breakfast, Mr. Williams could talk of nothing but 'the dream ; and early the saiau morning ho went to Falmouth, whore he told the dream 4o all ot hiB acquaintance whom he met. Next day, Mr. Tucker, of Trematon Castle, accompanied by his wife, a daughter of Mr. Williams, went to Soorrior House on a vialt. Mr. WllliamB told Mr. Tucker the circumstances of hie dream. Mr. Tucker remarked that it could only b* in a dream that tho Chancollor would Ijo found in tho lobby of the Houso of Commons. Mr. Tuoker asked what sort of man the Chancellor Boomed to bo, and Mr. Williams minutely described tho man who Woo murdered in hiB dream, Mr. Tuoker replied, ' Your description is not at all that t of iho Chancellor, but is very oxac»ly that of Mr. Perceval, the Chancellor of the Ex chequer.' He asked if Mr. Williams had ever seen Mr. Perceval, and Mr. Williams replied that he had never seen him or had any communication of any Bort with him; ™d, further, that he had never been in the Honse of CommonB in his life. At this moment they heard the sound of a horse galloping to the door of the house ; Imme diately after a Bon of Mr. Williams ontered the room, and said that he had galloped from Truro, having seen a gentleman there whs had come by that evening's mull from town, and who had been in . tho lobby of the House of Commons on the evening of the 11th, when a man called Bellingham had shot Mr. Perceval, After the astonishment which this intelligence created had a little subsided,. Mr. Williams described moat minutely the apposranoe and dress of the man whom he had seen in hiB dream fire the pistol at the Chancellor, as also the appear ance and dross of tho Chancellor. About six weeks after, Mr. Williams, having busi ness in town, went, in company with a friend, to the House of Commons, whore, aB has been already observed, he had never beforo been. Immediately that he came to tho stops of the entrance of the lobby, he said, ' This place is as distinctly within my recollection In my dream is any room in my own house,' and he made the same observation when he entered the lobby. He then pointed out the exact spot where Bellingham stood when he fired, and also that whioh Mr. Perceval had reached whon he was struck by 1 the ball, where he fell. The dress both of Mr. Perceval and Bellingham agreed with the description given by Mr. Williams even to the most minute particulars. So runs the Btory. Of course, like the ' well-authenticated' ghost stories, this one is confirmed by a number of particulars which are open to no other disadvantage than that of depending, like the rest of the story, on tbe narrator himself. It would be utterly absurd to base any theory respecting dreams on a story of this sort. The fact that on the night In question Mr. Williams dreamt'about a murder in the House of CommonB depends on his own assertion and his wife's confirma tion. The details of the dream, the description of Perceval and Bellingham, Mr. Williams's ignorance respecting Mr. Perceval's appearance and the arrangement of the roomB in the House of Commons, these and a number of other matters esseutlal to the effeot of the story, depend on ' trust worthy witnesses,' whose evidence has in point of fact never been taken. All those points are like the details which appear in the papers the first few days after the occurrence of some ' tragio event.' Thoy may be true or not, but. they are apt to undergo considerable alteration when the witnesses are actually examined. If we accepted the atory precisely as it stands, we should be led- to some rather startling results. In the first place, the coincidences are too numerous to be ex plained ob merely accidental. Mr. Williams, or any other among the millions who slept and dreamt on the night of tbe mnrder, might be readily eneugh believed to have had a startling dream about the murder of some member of Parliament high in office. Nor could the triple repetition of such a dream be surprising; for a dream which haB produced a great effect on the mind is apt to be repeated. But that the event itself of Perceval's murder should be represented precisely as it occurred to a man who did not know Perceval or Bellingham from Adam, involves a multiplicity of relations which oould not conceivably be all - fulfilled seimultaneously. We should have to admit, if we acceptod the story aB it stands, that there was something, I will not say Bupe r hatural or preternatural, but outside the range of known natural laws, in the dreams of Mr. Williams of Bcorrlor House. : Now, the caBe does not fall under precisely the same category as those numerous stories told of the appearance' of porsons, at tbe moment of their death, to friends or relatives at i distance. In* the first- place, most of these stories are themselves open to' grave doubt. The persons who relate them are, by their own account, of highly sensitive and readily excitable temperament, and we do not look for perfectly unooloured narratives j from suoh persons. But, even if we accept ? the general theory that, under certain con ditions, the mind ofa dying person may affect In some way the mind of a person at a distance who la in some way inBympathy with the mori bund, we can' hardly extend tho 'theory to include strangers. It may not be utterly incredible, perhaps, that tome physical mode of communication exists by which one brain may receive the same impressions which' affect another — though I must confess I can not see my own way to believe anything of the Bort. But we can hardly imagine that the brain of a sleeping person In no way connected with a dying man could be affeoted by suoh brain-waves. Every- story of the kind, truthful or otherwise, has described an impression produced' on some dear friend or relative; so that we should be justified in thinking (If we believed these stories at all) that braln-wavea are especially intended for the benefit of close friends or near of kin. It would be anew and startling thing if any man might have a vision of any other person who chanced to be dying; and, considering that not a minute passes without several deaths, while there are some 1500 .millions bf living persons, scarcely a day might be expected to pass without some one or other of the multitudinous deaths of the day finding some one or other brain among the 1600 millions in the proper frame for receiving the visionary communication by the Brain-wave method. : Nor is it easy to imagine a religiously supernatural interpretation of the story. The dream was certainly hot sent aB a warn ing, for when Williams dreamt his dream, Perceval was either being miiideied, oi was already dond. Tlio event could produoo no bonofiolal Influence on mankind generally, or on the English people specially, or tho Gornlnh folk still more specially. Tho number of persons who oould be certain that Mr. Williams was telling the triith (always on pur presept assumption that' this was tho 'oita) Were- very fow — In fact, only Mr. nnd Mm. Williams, Mr. l'tiolcer, ana perhaps biie or two friend's who .romombered that the details bf tlio murder were communicated boforo tho news could liavo renched Mr. Williams. Ono does not readily seo how Williams himsolf was tp bo benofioinlly influenced by his romarltable oxporience. Most of tlioso who heard the story would sit in tho seat of tho scornful, and recoivo no bonefit, but harm, 'l'ho idea, generally entortairied, and rnoBt probably by Williams as well aa tho rest, would bo simply this, that if it was worth while to let a miraculous vision of Per ceval's murder appear to anyone, it would havo been well to have let the vision appear before tho event, nnd to some ono not living quito so far from town. Not, indeed, than tho warning mlgh-'- save Perceval; for in reality it is a bull of the broadest sort to imagine that- a true vision of a murder oan provoht the murder. But a warning dr«am might servo useful purposes without preventing the event it indicated. If a mau dreamt that ho was to die in a week, and believed the droam, he would have no hope from tho advice of his doofctir, or from any other precautions he might uuko against dentil ; yet ho wonld usefully employ the week in arranging his affairs. But it could be of no oarthly use to Porceval, or anyone olso, that a vision of his death should appear in triplicate to s.nne one down iu Cornwall on the vory night when the tragedy occurred In Loudon. ( To be continued) 