A CONTRAST IN CREEDS. A paragraph, entitled, perhaps, somewhat aggressively, " The Apostate Creed," has more than once appeared in print lately. It is intended to be a summary of the materialistic belief or disbelief of the day. not exaggerated, but yet so arranged sb to form the strongest possible contrast -v^ith that ancient embodiment of Christian belief which, under the name of The Apostles' Creed, is found in the Church's Liturgy. By placing the two side by side; the contrast will come out in strong relief. The Apostates' creed is from the pen of A. Bierbower, of Cincinnati, O. THE APOSTLES' CREED. THE APOSTATES' CREED. I believe in God the I believe in a chaotic Father Almighty, Crea- nebula, self.existent, tor of lieaven and earth, evolver of heaven and And in Jesus Christ earth. His only Son our Lord, And in the differentia was conceived by tion or the original •the Holy Ghost, born of homogeneous mass; its the Virgin Mary; suffer- first begotten product ed under Pontius Pilate, which was self- formed was crucified, dead, and into land and water, selfburied j the third day He organised into plants rose ,again, from the and animals, reproduced dead; He ascended into in like species, further heaven, and sitteth on devoloped iuto higher the right hand of God orders, and ultimately the Father Almighty; refined, rationalised, from thence He shall and perfected in. man; come to judge the quick he descended from the and the dead. monkey, ascended to the I believe in the Holy philosopher, and sitteth Ghost, the Holy Catho- down in the rites and lie Church, the com- customs of civilisation munion of saints, the under the laws of a forgiveness of sins, the developing sociology; resurrection of the body, from thence he shall and the life everlasting, come again by the dis- Amen. integration of the heterogenised cosmos; back into the original homogeneousness of chaos. I believe in the wholly impersonal absolute, the wholly un-Catholic Church, the disunion of the saints, the survival of the fittest, the persistence of force, the dispersion of the body, and in death everlasting. It is probable that there are many who have drifted along on the materialistic current of the day, feeling themselves- the while in particularly good company among so much " liberal" and " advanced" thought, yet without ever having endeavoured to express that thought in plain English. Such may now be surprised to find that, if the old creed was hard to believe, the new one is harder still. Whatever may be the conclusion arrived at, however, as to the inherent probability or improbability of one or the other, there can be but one opinion, as to which of the two in the world would be likely to be of most practical utility to men, whether as a race, as nations, 'or a individuals. There can be, for instances, no doubt which wbnld have been chosen by Alexander,or Caesar, or Washington, or even by that' unscrupulous compeller of men's wills, Napoleon, as best calculated to aid in founding a stable government, and developing civic virtue, in making happy, industrious homes, brave men, virtuous women.—Boston Pilot.. The Cei/em Language.—The correspondent '.in .Wales of the London Methodist writes :—" The English language is advancing, in Wales, and the Welsh is dying out," said ?, publio speaker the other day, with an air of authority and dogmatism. The first clause of the sentence is true enough; but ihe^astclaMe does not necessarily follow, and, such is not the fact, as the following statement wilUhow:—««Including 601000 Weld}- ^ England, there are 5,000,100 els>|£s£eataii£ people in Great Britain. ? I* people nt in - Great • ,'1 ' Britain. WSSSSr ••P ersons ' m tie-United g^a^UspeakinKa Celtic tongue is- S^ a2,500 ; Welsh, l,00M00 ; total, ^ ^ seven, per cent. ^ British IsfeT,; There infCmVM^^-Vs ever were WoM.tknd 