THY WILL BE DONE. A PRAYER BY THH REV. HENRY WARD BEECHER. Thou knowest, O God, what things we have need of before we ask Thee. We come not to bring tidings ; we come not even to ask for necessary things; we come to recognise Thy hand in all the gifts of nature, of life, and of grace. In Thee we live. In Thee we have our being. We are dear to Thee; nor has our transgressions alienated Thee from us. We have departed from Thee; but Thou hast not departed from us. Thou art still the Father. Thy house is still abundantly supplied. Messengers perpetually go forth bearing blessings to unrequiting selfish souls. We bless Thee for Thy mercies. We recognise the daily providence by which our life is redeemed from destruction. We rejoice in that supremacy of goodness wherein is all our hope and trust. We rejoice in the absolute will of infinite goodness. Heartily we pray that Thy will may done on earth as it is in heaven—in us, in all men ; and may we be wise in interpreting the will of the Lord, both in the things of nature and in the things of human life; and may we so dwell in sympathy with Thee that we shall understand Thy going; and as we know those that are dear to us by the slightest token, so evermore may we understand Thy presence, thy will, and the way in which Thou dost walk, and keep close to Thee. We pray for all that are assembled here this morning. Remember them according to their several needs. Vouchsafe to them whatever of mind or estate is necessary. Grant that they who sit down in twilight or in darkness may know that it is the overshadowing of the wings of God for their protection. Grant that all those who sorrow deeply, and find no balm, may find balm in Thee. Thou wert a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief; and now Thou art exalted at the right hand of God to be the Mediator and Saviour of every one! and may the faith of none fail; and though the garments of Thy people are washed in blood, may they see in the blood but the whiteness that shall come when they shall stand redeemed from tears in the presenc »of God and all His holy angels. Comfort, we pray Thee, the comfortless. Grant to those who are burdened and anxious release from the thraldom of fear. Give them more faith, more confi • dence in God, and more contentment. Grant Thy blessing to rest upon all those who are sitting in doubt as to duty. May they hear Thee though they see Thee not; and though, reaching out their hands in the darkness, they cannot feel Thee, yet may they hear Thee saying to their souls, " This is the way; walk ye in it." Grant that the prayer of love may be heard, of parents for children, of friends for friends, and of companions for companions. We pray that Thou wilt grant Thy blessing to rest upon those that are laboring in our midst to do the will of God. May they count themselves as God's ordained priests, and may they sanctify their own selves, and come forth with unsoiled hands, to bear the precious gifts of God to men. We beseech of Thee that multitudes may be called away from pride, and selfishness, and burdens, and worldly strifes and ignoble ends, into the supremacy of benevolence. May they learn the way of God, and may they become Thy disciples in the great school of Divine life. We pray that Thy kingdom may be supreme, not only in this church, but in all the churches of the city. Breathe upon them, we beseech of Thee, the pentecostal fire. Send the Holy Ghost, a cleansing and purifying influence, into all these'churches; and while men are striving for phantoms, and for pictures, and for the doctrines of men, build Thou the fire of the Gospel in the hearts of Thy disciples, that thus by the sacred, fervent love of God they may find the way of all duty and all usefulness. We pray that Thy blessing may rest upon our whole land and upon the hearts of this great people. Give to them a conscience and a judgment of things right. Purify them from selfishness, from pride, and from arrogance. Deliver them from carelessness in regard to their sacred trusts, and grant that in the Spirit of God this great nation may enact the duties of this solemn hour. Grant that all things may be overruled for the furtherance of Thine own glory and the welfare of mankind. Bless, we beseech of Thee, all the nations of the earth, and speedily bring to pass the glorious predictions that so long have comforted Thy people and so long have disappointed them. Let the day hasten. Come forth, O Thou that art to lead captivity captive, Thou that art the Lord of lords and King of kings 1 Take Thy power, and rule in all the earth. And to Thy name shall be the glory, Father, Son, and Spirit. Amen. 