§ THE MYSTERY OF MAJOR MOLINEUX CHAPTER^Y.—(Continued.) BY MARCUS CLARKE. A VOICE roused me from my reverie. Major Molineux himself was'at my side. Fayre," said he, " I have overheard the last words of your conversation. I do not expect you to pay attention to the vulgar fancies of an ignorant hind. The story of the wretched being who lies bunted at your feet is neither part of my history nor does it concern my family. The romance which was sought to be woven around his name and that of my dear sister's husband has been long ago proved false, and it was perhaps the gratification of a desire to preserve from derision the last resting-place of a man more sinned against than sinning which caused the report to first obtain circulation. When my niece came to live with me i caused the fence, which formerly sur- rounded Arthur Savary's grave, to be removed, and, unless some chattering imbecile like old Bagally had informed her of the stpry, this portion of the park possessed for her no more interest than any other. The phantasies of women are innumerable." He spoke rapidly, and with some heat. It was quite evident that he expected a reply, and a direct one. " No one, Major Molineux," said I, " is less superstitious than myself, but I have seen so much of what is termed superstition resolve itself into fact, that I am not prepared to pronounce any fantasy of the imagination as wholly baseless. But before we proceed further, let me feel sure of my ground. I came here only in my character as a physician in attendance upon a patient who has been made .unavoidably your guest. I find myself face to face with an extraordinary enigma —yourself. Your peculiar studies, your secluded life, above all, your strange disappearance from all society on one day in the week, have combined to raise in me a curiosity which I cannot stifle. What is the mystery which darkens your life ? Major Molineux planted himself firmly on his feet, and took both my hands in his own. His face was deadly pale, and he seemed to be nerving himself for a great effort. "Do not turn from me. Do not shun me," he said. " Had it not been for your persistence, I had never spoken. Bagally is right. One day in each week I am possessed bv a J devil." " Come, come,". said I, a little shaken, despite my self-control, as the powerful old nutn searched my eyes-with his, " there are many sorts of devils—devils Jr of wrath, and devils of discontent, and we all are now and then, at the mercy of such." " Ay," said Major Molineux, " but to be possessed, as I am, by— no, I cannot speak it, I could not repeat, nor could you listen to the tale. Forget what I have said, and' —he pressed my arm with pain ful violence—" swear to mention to no living soul that which I have unguardedly betrayed." "A physician's lips are sealed without an oath," said I. " You may rely on me. And now I must see Miss Rochford. Let us go in. He regained his self-possession before we reached the house, not during the day was the subjec again mentioned between us. I thought it better for the 'develop ment of the case to permit my patient—for so I now considered him—to begin a confidence which I feared might be withdrawn if J, pressed him too closely. Seeing that I touched only on indifferent matters, he presided at dinner with his customary composure, and entertained us all with the stores* of a mind acquisitive of information and fastidious in the imparting of it. "The old gentleman was never more amusing," said Rochford, as I parted from him in the hall. " When we move, Beatrice, I'll ask him to come to Ashmead; the change would do him good." " Ask him, by all means," said I, " and I will second your entreaties. If we can once break the chain of recurring events in his life we may give him another lease of it. Our intrusion, unwelcome though it was at first, has already roused him into something like gaiety. Miss Rochford should be well enough in a fortnight to be moved, for her case looks in every way favourable." " How can I ever repay you for your kindness ?" said Rochford. I knew a method by which he could repay me a thousandfold, but I did not think it wise to mention it at that moment. Alas! events soon occurred which rendered it impossible for me to ever ask that favour which I prized so highly. On Wednesday afternoon, Major Molineux begged to see me alone. He led the way to his library, carefully closed the door, and, after much prelude, began to talk about his malady. "I wish to ask you," said he, " if it is possible for a man to be mad and know that he is mad?" " There are different kinds of madness," said I, feeling that I must speak with caution. " An insane man may have lucid intervals during which he reviews acts done during the period of his insanity, and condemns them. A man may have an uncontrollable impulse to commit a certain act—as to jump out of a window, for instance—and yet be quite conscious of the folly, and even wickedness, of his morbid promptings. I knew a case in India of a soldier who was seized with just such a morbid desire. He felt compelled to murder someone very near and dear to him, and at last deserted in order to do it. Arrived in the town where the ntended victim lived, he absolutely had himself tied up by the people of the inn, until the proper authorities could be sent for to secure him. Some months afterwards the object of his morbid lust for blood died, and the man at once recovered. He describes his sufferings while resisting his impulse as terrible. Surely no devil worse than this could possess a man. And yet he could hardly be called mad." You give me a few grains of comfort," said Major Molineux, "though I have no such fearful impulse as that which you describe. Every week, from ten o'clock on Wednesday night until ten o'clock on Friday morning, I am. the prey to the most bestial and awful delusion which it has entered into the mind of man to conceive. I know that the fault is in my own brain, and that I am but the dupe of imagination. But where that fault lies I have sought in vain to find. Science brings me no solace, and, though my sense laughs at my imagination, I dare not confront the hideous thing which my imagination has created to mock my sense." ; You are not alone in your misfortune, dear sir," said I. " There have been many men, haunted by phantoms, who have lived to make them but a source of amusement. The operation of ghost seeing is simple enough. We recall a landscape, which we have seen. We will it to return, and it is instantly present. That is to say that we project from us that which we wish to recall, and look at it, and listen to it, as if it were again external to us. An artist draws a dead face from memory, while a musician plays an air forgotten by his hearers—the same effort too, of will, which recalled the lineaments of a corpse, and the notes of the opera, could-people a house with ghosts, and fill the darkness with the voices of the dead. " Ah," -said the Major, with sigh, "mine is no such illusion as those which you have mentioned. No voices of angel or of demon speak to me. No faces, grotesque or enchanting, present themselves to my gaze. My delusion, and delusion it is, though sometimes I am half persuaded of its truth, is so horrible, so damning, so fearful in its naked insistance of the beast in our fallen natures that I have been tempted not once, but a hundred times, to set my spirit free from the soul-destroying bands which enwrap it." He spoke with sober vehemence and appalling earnestness. " That this feeling is part of the delusion I know, but that does not make it more bearable. For nine years I have endured & weekly agony compared with which the keenest torments of man's devising are as naught. In body and iq soul I have suffered more than tongue can tell. Save that my reason did not desert me, I should have speedily qualified myself for a place beside the poor wretch over whose grave I confessed my secret; and yet I ask you, can I lay claim to the possession of reason when I am the sport of an imagining 7 so foul as that which torments me ?" " But," said I, gently, " you have not yet told me the nature of this delusion." " I dare not," said Major Molineux. " You would quit the house. To no human ear can I speak the history of my unspeakable degradation." He rose suddenly. To-morrow is Thursday," he said, ' come into my room to-night, and see what I dare not speak," and he "eft me. Miss Rochford had regained consciousness, and I hoped that the jiext few days would see her in a fair way of recovery. Mrs. Rochford had laughed off her fears, and attributed, as I did, the visitant's face to a more mortal source than that of the wandering soul of a suicide. Rochford was in high spirits at the approaching departure, and even Mrs. Pennithorne seemed less terrified than usual. could not have had a more propitious hour for the investigation of the mystery which had baffled me, and I waited with much anxiety for midnight, which—being about the time I had seen Bagally on the previous week—was, I thought, a customary hour with the Major for taking his oddly-timed meal. I was not amiss in my calculations. As the timepiece in the hall rang out the hour, the old convict appeared with the tray. ' Your master has desired me to see him," I said, " and I will go up with you." ' As you please," said Bagally, roughly; " but take care." He led the way along the great corridor until he came to a double door. " If he is not waiting on the other side," said he, "you'll be lucky," and, opening a slide in the panel, he pushed in the tray with its burthen, bolting the panel quickly. I stood uncertain how to act. Bagally turned to descend the stairs. " Will you not go in ?" I asked. : < Not for all the money in Hobart," said the man, his very hair bristling. "Listen." I bent my ear to the door, and could distinguish the confused sounds of voices. "Who is with him?" I asked. But the old servitor had left me. I was alone, and from the other side of the oak panel came a sound which caused my blood to curdle in my veins. In another instant I should have fled. " Molineux! Major Molineux!" cried, and rapped at the panel. The door shot back, and I entered. The passage was pitch dark; but in the distance I could see a lighted candle in what appeared to be a bedroom. I advanced towards it. The door shut behind me, and I felt someone place what seemed to be a hand on my shoulder. Major Molineux was right. Words refuse to lend themselves to the depiction of that which the horrorfixed eye saw in that lonely chamber. CHAPTER VI. ROCHFORD was the only person whom I met at the breakfasttable the morning after my visit to Maj or Molineux's room. The Maj or himself, for reasons which I could readily appreciate, desired to postpone, as long as possible, an interview with one who had become possessed of his unhappy secret, and Rochford had intimated his intention of arriving later in the day. Now, that his daughter was out of danger, there was really no real reason for his presence, which, indeed, was a daily element of disturbance in the sick room. " When do you think that Beatrice can be moved?" asked Mrs. Rochford. "I long to have her at home again' under my own roof; for, though Major Molineux is most kind and attentive, I ex perience a sense of depression in this house which I cannot shake off." " I quite agree with you that the sooner Miss Rochford is got home the better," I replied, " th ough the feeling of which you speak is attributable only to your own anxiety, and perhaps in som measure to the unwonted quietude of Castle Stuart after the bustle of Ashmead. Nevertheless, we must be cautious. I never like to disturb a case of fracture, however slight, for at least twenty days, and we have been here but barely seven." "True," she said; this is Friday, I had forgotten," and her glance at the vacant place at the foot of the table noted to me the circumstance which had escaped her memory. Some slight confusion in my manner must have betrayed me, for, with a woman's quickness, she said, suddenly, Doctor Fayre, you. look worn and ill this morning Tell me, do you know anything about this mystery of Major Moli-- neux?" " My dear madam," I said, " I am a doctor, and I cannot speak even indirectly of matters which have come to my knowledge in the exercise of my profession. Major Molineux] has been complimentary enough to ask my advice upon certain pointsconnectedwithhis health, but I am as yet butvery,partially informed as to his case." " Nay," said she," I did not mean to put an impertinent query; but it has occurred to me that, in return for the Major's kindness to my daughter, Beatrice might, by-andbye, rouse him from his melancholy, and even win his confidence as to the secret cause of his malady." If you have ever chanced, when in conversation, to hear a phrase innocently uttered which conveys to your private ear a world of esoteric meaning, you will comprehend the quick pang I felt at this sudden approximation of two ideas. Beatrice and my patient of last night! That pure girl and that most unhappy being, whose hideous hallucination made him doubtful of his humanity. When a student in Paris, I had seen the body of a beautiful girl exposed on a dissecting-table for some needful demonstrations in anatomy. The sight shocked me then, and as, obedient to the law of association, the picture of that nerveless figure, so passive under the searching knife and exploring eye, rose again before me, I almost saw the pallid features shape themselves into a likeness of those of Beatrice. " Do not think of such a thing, madam," I cried. " It is quite impossible. Miss Beatrice must never know aught of the—" and I stopped abruptly. Was I not already committing myself ? (To be continued.J 