VICTOR OR VICT HI Bt Johk Szcspxr.s, Acthos or " Abep Dhake's Wire," "Hirsli.," "Israel Mort, Overman," "The Two Dreazjers," Ac., &e.; Chapirr XIII.— Hours or Sikugole. Dreadful was the shock given to Mabel by Anthony's violence in breaking open tbe bedroom door ; and by ail that followed — her exposure to him iu a state which she was not too far gone to misunderstand— his attitude, look and bitter irony of speech as she blenched before him, try- lug vainly to retaliate by a reckless and mad de fiance ;— and, above all, by his abrnpt method of departure. She was thus brought so far lo her right senses as to feci impressed with a vague but awful sense of alarm us regarded him : and of soul sickness and disgust as regarded her self, such as the had never before felt or con ceived of. But with these feelings came a deeper and deeper sense of intolerable misery, which yet th.o knew not how to throw off or mitigate. The moment she began to think ber brain seemed like a seething cauldron. Tho moment she tried to act she found tbo instrument of action— her will — incapable of any offort, and shrinking in stinctively from tho least attempt. But the necessity of doing ' something was great, aud, accustomed habitually- to think of but ono way of gaining temporary relief and power, she was about to resort to that, but stopped with tbo glass oi wiua in hor band, and tho decauter before her ; and, sotting tho glass down on tho tablo, burst into tears, and wrnug ber bands in piteous anguish, murmuring, " Oh, what shall I do? lYhat shall I do?" Twico did she again, after a pause, take up that glass, and each liuio sot it down, whilo tho struggle wont on within— confused and confusing — so that in her present stato the ideas that tcunpied mingled with tho ideas that urged to re sistance—and loft her helpless, despairing, mis erable to tho lust degree. Sho walked two or threo times through tho length of tbo room, then sat down on a chair in a corner and stared fixedly at vacancy, just as if her brain was reeling. Suddenly she rose, went to the table, poured the wino in the glass back into the decanter, spilling the greater part as she did so, through the tremulous weakness of her hands, which re- finctcd but too faithfully the tremulous weak ness of the mind that dictated the act. .Again she paced to and fro, again she sat down in tbe corner, thon clapped her hands .to bor face and eyes, and burst into a long passion of grief aud tears, mainly duo to her state, -but much also to a sense of growing enlightenment and possibility of movement towards her hus band before it might be-, too late, which again almost maddened her with the fearful llioughU and bitter remorse they brought at tho same time. After a while she took tho handkerchief she had thrown carelessly round her neck, heedless of ap pearances, during, the indulgence of tho afternoon,' then let down her lovely hair, aud bathed her head for some tinio iu the cold water, then dried it, aud dried her eyes, fooling noticeably belter. Should sho now aend for Anthony, mako full confession, ask his forgiveness, and pray for his advice aud his strength, since her own had provod so faithless to her '! She shuddered, to think — If he should refuse ! Or at least leave her to get out of the slough of despond, as she had gouo into.it, by herself. Sho would wait yet an hour or so longer, so that he might at least sco how sho had spent the tiuio in his ahsenco by taking measures for recovery. That thought moved bor to take up tho decan ter, go to the window, open it, and empty it out side the window into the darkness ; but the act affected her as. if sho had been guilty of a crime, tho was so excited in tho doing, so pale, agitated and trembling after it. . At last something like calm did come. She did not feel strong for any purpose whatever, nor clear in anything but this — her intense desire to see Anthony, to speak to him as sho had never done before, in the hopo to giro him bopo that tbis day was to prove the climax and end of the evil — the last oventof the sad series of her degra dation, and that henceforth, if he would but help her, sho might he safe, and their love and happi ness again secure. She hesitated still, and thought to wait till he callod her to supper, or if he did not call her thon, till thoy would meet at bedtime ; for evory hour's delay was a distinct gain in the way of physical and mental improvement, hut also a distinct danger as regarded the effect on liim. That decided her. She rang; and Mrs. -Pipe answered tbe hell. " Is Mr. Fearno now- alone?". " Why, my dear child) did bo not toll you ?" "Tell me I in heaven's name, what ?" " Why, that he lias gono on a long journey, and won't be back till to-morrow afternoon." " Do you know whore V" "I haven't the ghost of an idea." Mabel's hand was fortunately resting on tho table, or sho would have fallen on hearing tbis news, which soemcrl perfectly appalling. But tho rising courage of her true se.' ' instinctively warned her against any exposure, for Anthony's sake, as well as for her own. So she hurriedly said, — "I was ill — the business, perhaps sudden — he may havo thought it best not to disturb mo. I shall hoar all about it to-morrow. Send theDurso 'with baby to toe." " Thoy aro both |in bid, my dear. Don't you; know how lato it is ? Ton o'clock. Mr. Fcarue told me not to disturb you, by bringing baby for you to kiss, as usual." ' Did he also enjoin that nursoand baby should not bo disturbed by me ? " " My dear child— you aro ill— and don't know what you are saying." "I dare say." "Can I do nothing for yon?!' said Mrs. Pipe, seeing her young mistress desired to bealono. " Nothing." Chapter XIV.— Ax Ui.ti.melt Episode. Mabel spent an awful night, during which sleeping and waking were only different forms of torture ; tho dreams of the one, and the realities of the other iu altcrnato succession, serving as constant stimulants each to each. But at daybreak she rose witli a feeling that she knew not whether to ascribe to hope or to despair,, .but which at least inspired the resolve to act-.' She felt an uncontrollable desire to go abroad into tho country. Tho bouse secme;l'a\priipn. In the absence of any other friend to' "appeal to, Mabel's heart seemed to swell at the thought that one mother ztill remained to her, who had been over kind, whon sought in hours of distress and trouble, and had rarely sent lieraway uncom- forted. She would go again to ' hor, iu her' sweet solitudes oi tbo wood, the heath, and the river ; and there try to discharge from ' her heart the over-welling bitterness that .made her rcmoreo and shamo for the past so full of violence and anguish that she found tit impossible to think calmly of her course, while it remained. Happily it was tho season when that grand mother — that sweet and supremo sovereign o'f tbo human heart— Nature — makes holiday, anrl does indeed " paint tho meadows with delight." It was a May morning ; one such as the bid poets knew and truly described ; and yet which, per haps, only visited' theni, as if visits us," infre quently; but whoso every" coining was rightly thought enough to mako the general character of such days stand out in lustrous glory in their pages for evermore, and thus in a senso to he thenceforth always with us, when ive need them, or havo spirits sufficiently, attunod to understand them — to enjoy— and bo grateful. As she was leaving her bedroom her eyo lighted, upon letters that had arrived for her tho previous evening, butVhich she had caused to'bo put asido unopened, as things that could bo of no concern to her in her stato of misery and hope lessness on hearing of Anthony's departure. - As she saw thoy were from known lady cor respondents, and wero doubtless of the usual pleasant, hut not peculiarly important, character, she was inciiued to treat thom in much tbe same way now, but her sciico of right forbade, so she put them in her pocket, to read b.v-and-by,when she might feel in tbo mood. Leaving the house silently, before. any one was stirring, sho went towards a littlo wood not very far off. Tho torbid thonghts within and tho gracious sights without were for some tirno in a kind of conflict. She was thinking of tho influ ences that had conduced to hor fall, and could not hut think of them passionately and resent fully. She asked herself were social habits, social opinions, harmless— guiltless in such matters. And then she recalled how in.her own life, temp tation had etill succeeded tompiation. As a child she had seen the enjoyment or hor parents over their wine, she had then been allowed to taste, Published bv speajlarrangeiaent wito ths author. . All rights reserved. _ ' and that taste had been as. the rzed which hai > germfnatei and jprown. ahd at last overgrown and shadowed her whole being. ' Bat.'it Sad been checked for a few years, dur ing which, however, sbo had been taught by her father himself to look -for a day of emanci pation, when' she would bo permitted to drink again, ar.d find, of course, the long-forbid den thing become a hundred timos sweeter. And atia<-tsho was, at tho ngoof. 12, permitted to have a little wino daily. How intensely that littlo was enjoyed would havo frightened her father at the time bad he known ; even if he could also have kuown- at a later time the Etrsngth of his daughter's solf-centrol, by seeing how seldom did her desire lead her into excess, till her own frieuds, and tho ordinary arrange ments of society, joined unconsciously to break down her ordinarily admirablo restraint. As sbo advances towards wonjanhood she goes ont to pay visits with her father. AYino is offered anil taken, aDd so opportunities increase. \- Still older, she goes to balls', where the cham pagne islmost forced Upoa her.' ' No wonder she ot last forgets all strict rule of moderation, and so . suffers her first ' trouble with Anthony, Tho lovoliness of such a love as .Mabel's is thus stained and degraded for. months after- wards in his eyes, and subsequently in her ow-n, when tho causo of the estrangement became known to her. Her father dios, is tinned, and she'has to meet tho guests who attend tho funeral. - Sho resolves tho will not let ono single drop touch her lips. Sho refuses when it is pressed upon her by An thony, by the farmorwho proposes her health, and by the doctor ; and it is only when hor spiritual pastor and friend himself urges that she gives way, and has her reward in a momentary flow of vivid intellectual strength and vivacious speech ; buttberemombrancoof tho effect of tho wine sho then drank remains to her over after wards as'ono of tho mo.-t insidious and deadly of ail possiblo temptation:-. Then coines her bridal da;.-— whou sho is able by an early departure to shun the chief danger ; while through her lore for Anthony, and her past remembrance of bis horror of excess, she so con trols herself previously, that a singlo glass, sipped from time to time, while dispensing hos- pitality to her friends before taking farewell,- brings her honorably through tho ordeal. But the old. school doctor lies in wait for her, and manifold are his opportunities. Before her confinements, when sho is unwell ; after the birth of each child, when she is deiicato ; at church- ings, at christenings, hut, abovo all, when the mother's passionato love for her offspring can bo appealed to, and she is told, in effect, " Drink, or you must cease to suckle," his influenco be comes paramount ;' and thus duty and inclination at last' scoui to join bandsj and— disunite hearts ? Now, indeed,' Mabel falls, and deplorablo'indeod tho depth of her full. fi - All this she recalls with an emotion that leads her tbe moment she gains tho shelter of tho wood to throw, herself on the ground, and spend a long balf-hour in uncontrollable grief. . But it was. not for this she had come, forth into tho beauty, anil glory of. the morning. A faint hope, which sho hardly diucd.to.aualyse lest it might disappear ahogotber, had from tho first moment of her opening her eyes moved her, and remained wjth her in hog 'rising and in her goingforth. Thathope wastliattliosufferingand humiliation she had endured bad so thoroughly done their work of enlightening and strengthen ing hor that she might venture fearfully but hopefully to believe she had. come to tho last stage of declension, would now rise, aud so speak aud act at Anthony's retnrn that ho too would understand and recogtiisa how vital aud'deoisivo was tho change. ... It was a thought and a feeling that made her heart beat wild-, but she clung to thom, trying over to assure herself all now would bo well, Gradually her tears began to dry,, and her heart to grow lighter, bhe looks arouiid her ; allows her glances to wander, and her thoughts and feelings to follow as they list. At first. her eyes havo no need to seek -further than the half-a-dozen- yards 'or so- around b'er. Tbo couch on which -sho has booh lying is ono that no quqon. of tho earth, i however .'powerful, could have prepared more finely for horsejr. Prim roses all about her, with, that lovely gleam and color which all cau feci, but which no words can describe. When her eyes can leave them, all moistened hy tho early dews, and looking as if they were only giving hack to her tear for tear in sympathy, 'she rises and wanders through the' beautiful but dimiiiutivo wood. Presently sbo stoops,' with something of her old childish en thusiasm, to gather tho wood auem&nes; and wood sorrels that hero carpet tho ground, and again sho. rests on - a. bank,, with tbein. in her hand ; thonghts of their purity aud beauty making sad her thoughts of herself ; whilo sho asks whether purity cannot. he regained if once, 'tis soiled, or if it is likctha bloom of the peach, which to touch is irremediably to spoil. Again she rises, and moves onward, till she reached the. end of tbo forest trees,, where anew surprise' awaits" her, as her glance - fails upon tree after tree, of tho' choicest kinds that havo. yet enriched our . woodlands and gardens. There is the- double white cherry; most oxqu'i- sito of snowy blossoms ; tbe double scarlet haw thorn, glowing— one could fancy blnahing— with tbe consciousness of its own intense color ; and there is . the laburnum dropping its golden rain. Sho wonders for the moment where sho had gotten to, till she remembers it is a neighboring gentle, man's grounds she is appco.iching, and ut once tarns off across the heath towards tho distant river. 