the novelist. uj trust/ i .tory OftlADY and HER [the st°b1£ lover. I br Mrs. Oliphant. Chapter XXIX. rflABLEX INTERFERES. [tending the du fecliona cf the mcom WdiIlSd. continued at Mount. The (le HankB of country life, nothing happen ^ Arrival of one poet to another, * frfUfe about, only the unbroken still 08 J the rain or the sunshine, the good or r ie/the one tempting him out, the tSeS him within were aU novelties, Iththe heavy kind, and gave him a of amused-Bpectator consciousness of .1™ rAther than any suffering from i^amT rather than any suttenng irom ? Ik was not so easily affected as many Lwould be by the circumstances of ex "Slife and knowing that he could at any einai lite, a . , . Alhunv. he mpnt vo back to his den at the Albany, he Efth much deeper seclusion, of Mount as It nf "retreat," in which he could look lion the before and after, and if he sotne ,atnponinej ^ ^ ^ n?t noti" yet «ld do k"unenyiousTy and King at r,aft®r than objecti^ to ^e strange S and blunders of life. Mr. Loseby, who ■id tutored Anne in her duties, did the same ■or Heathcote, showing him by what means ■ecould"take an interest^' in^ the dwellers Eon his land, so as to be of some use to And he rode about the country with ■em. land-agent, and became aware, and be Le proud as he became aware,of the cha~ icter of hiB own possessions, Of the old farm tunes, older than Mount itself, and the old Muss, toppling to their ruin, among which ere many that Anne had doomed. Where in he went he heard of what Misb roe had done and settled to do. The omen in the condemned cottages told him ie improvements she had promised, and be, -most cases, readily undertook to carry out i$e promises, notwithstanding his want of Miia. "They'redoing it at Lilford, where 1h Anne has been and given her orders, lid the women. "I don't know why there lould be differences made. We're as good reiy bit as the Lilford folks." "But you ave not got Miss Anne," said Heathcote. nd then there would be an outburst of unentatione, interrupted by anxious ques loning. " Why haven't we got Miss Anne ?— i it tree as all the money has been left away lorn her?" Heathcote had a great many ■aeBtionB of this kind to answer, aud soon kan to feel that he himself was the Bup peed culprit to whom the estate had been left away." "I am supposed to be your ipplanter," he wrote to Anne himself, " and jm your deputy doing your work for you. feat Lady of Mount, Bend me your orders, till carry them out to the best of my lility. I am poor, and not at all clever Boot the needs of the estate, but I think— n'tyouthink?—that the great Mr. Butatrode, ■ho is so good as to be my agent, is some Bbgof a bully, and does not by any means Bub spiriting gently. What do you think ? Bn are not an ignoramus, like ma" ThiB Bter Anne answered very tally, and it pro feed a correspondence between them which ' a peat pleasure to Heathcote, and not a pleasure, in some respects a help, too. ■W'oved greatly of hiB assumption of his ■rami duties upon his own shoulders, and Badly encouraged him "not to mind the B^-M tiie agent," the boorishness of Bjfflu Kawlins, and the complaints of the In the matter of the estate Anne ■L;r® J'f'Mitage of her experience. She jroionim in a semi-maternal way, under B™ng that the information she had to give 2,,n a Position of superiority, while gwe it, at least. Heathcote was infinitely ■Xi LieM Pretensions; he liked to be ■a?hn t^lr',made tier very humble BnLht burden of all his graver fcosebv^w1,1 regret expressed by KeatAnu. ' ^ ? tmd he not made his re a year before! But now it was EtfabK" Stat °J\The Mountfords b®en in all the ^ stUl fiW^1168 8° while their Itair (i; 1 Paris and Cannes, and stoutttforti Bftid. Ed it, it i?ni change." And they all B«uetomed ^ • They were so fceWof their wings that tfae todsente ofh^Ai ght' -tlie wild ftee* boundless action and nn«»r themselves fill*? ♦u88 ^tionand power ■»*WiK2S Kh^,Ti^Plea8are .tock tiU the summer rearlv ovftrr- 0 oacK tiU the summer | leather, wireTf&h;! ^tzerland for the Ie? had not toLS&f; became too warm, "tayeo when they set out. »from but indeed t was nearly a E return to7arkjZa h®m^ They did ■jM abode, but wenf iLnor other ^ the E^asa .MB ■et° do for the ^itn what they H^otd's desi» to ■£ i4 was Mrs. winter Di.J?toto. abros.4*' o«i. i.. ^KaS^^roai" agTiufor tVhen^?ni«*0m^tl;t®e months thU thevii«^w?rld ftbout Mbuut ES^f-deBlte^ paIia. stated by various ta» *rg ri» mother to stay for the three months, and get the mar riage over, among their own people." Fanny Woodhead was considered throngh all the three adjacent parishes to be a person of great judgment, and the rector, for one, was very much impressed with this BuggeBtion. " I think Fanny's idea should be acted upon. 1 think it certainly Bhould be acted on, he said. " The year's mourning for her father will be over, if that is what tney are waiting for—and look at all the correspondence she has, and the trouble. She wants somebody to help her. Someone Bhould certainly sug gest to Anne that it would be a right thing to follow Fanny Woodhead's advice." Heath cote, who, though he had allowed himBelf a month of the season, was back again in Mount, with a modest household gathered round him, and every indication 01 a man " settling down}" concurred in this counsel, so far as to write, urging very warmly that Mount should be their head-quarters while they remained in England. Mr. Loseby waB of opinion that the. match was one which never would come off at all, an idea which moved several bosoms with an unusual tremor. There was a great deal of agitation altogether on the subject among the little circle, which felt that the concerns of the Mountfords were more or less concerns of their own ; and when it was known that Charley Ashley, who was absent on hiB yearly holiday, Was to see the ladies on his way through London, there was a general im preesion that something would come of it— that he would be able to set their duty before them, or to expedite the settlement of affairs in one way or another. The curate himself said nothing to anyone, but he had a very serious purpose in his mind. He it was who had introduced these two to each other; his friendship had been the link which had con nected' Douglas—so far as affairs had' yet gone, very disastrously—with the woman who had been the adoration of poor' Charley's own life. He had resigned her— having neither hopes nor rights to resign to bis friendl with a generous abandon ment, and had been loyal to Cosmo as to 'Anne, though at the cost of no little Buf fering to himself. But if it were possible that Anne herself-was being neglected, then Charley felt that he had a right to a word in the matter. He was experimenting sadly in French seaside amusements with his brother at Boulogne when the ladies returned to Eng land. Charlie and Willie were neither of them great in French. They had begun by thinking all the humonra of the bathing place " fun," and laughing mightily at the men in their bathing dresses, and feeling scandalised at their presence among the ladies in all their coquettish costumes de bain; bat after a few days they had become very much bored, and felt the drawback of having " nothing to doso that when they heard that the Monntfords had crossed the Channel and were in London the two young men made haste to follow. It was the end of July, when everybody was rushing out of town, and only a small sprinkling of semi fashionable persons were to be seen in the scorched ana baked parks. The Mountfords were understood to be in town only for a few days. It was all that any lady who respected herself could imagine possible at this time of the year. "I suppose they'll be changed," Willie Baid to his brother, as they made their way to the hoteL " I have never seen them since all these changes came about; that is, I have never seen Rose. I suppose Rose won't be Rose now, to me at least It is rather funny that such a tremendous change should come about between two times of seeing a person whom you have known all your life." By " rather funny" Willie meant something much the reverse of amusing : but that is ithe way of English youth. He, too, had en tertained bis little dreams, which had been Sf a more sabatantul character than his rother's; for Willie was destined for the bar, and bad, or believed himself to have, phanceB much superior to those of a country clergyman. Ana according to the original disposition of Mr. St John Mountford's affairs, a rising young fellow at the bar, with Willie Ashley's hopes and connexions, would have been no very had match for little Rose. This it was that made, him feel it was f fnripy." But still his heart was not gone together in one great sweep out of his breast Uke Charley's. And he went to see his old friends with a little quickening.of his pulse, yet a composed determination " to see if it waB any use." If it seemed to him that there was still an opening, Willie was no$ afraid of Rose's fortune, and' did not hesitate to form ulterior plans; and be' stood, on this great vantage g^ound-^that ft he found it Was not #py rise, he. had no intention of breaking his heart. ■ When they went in, however, to the hotel sittingroom in which the Mountfords were, they found Rose and her mother with their bonnets OU, ready to go out, and there were but a few minutes for conversation. Rose was grown and developed so that her old adorer scarcely recognised her for the first tninute. She was in a white dress, profusely crimmed with black, and made in a fashion to.which the young men were auaocustotned r-the latest Parisian fashion—whioh they did notinnderatand, indeed, bnt which roused all their English conservatism of feeling as much isif thay had understood it "Oh, how nice of you to come to see us!" Sosenaed. - Are ton r«dly rPMaing through Irtmdo^nd were iither theone or thsofcer. jHewdidiyoaget >n with the: talking?! Fon could.; not have ny jun in a. plaoe unlqss you noidemtood hit peoplewere saymg. Manama*;i rdont rinkwapitfhfcto.wiAtfofr MnDougUa; Atis ittingaoltte.'' ! teYi vll 111 oifiniul it • sv " Here is Mr. paugUs^ told Mw^Maunt irdi; i >' he fcabw punctual. ? iAnne -sisnot i meithiiiR.alW'hfli somacfrtadb—there its kneel* of letter* fromifr.Loaeby. cndd<Mtherib jf youwouidf rilheriba let off going with as, r.4>ou^M. ipu : b*ve only to any wo .; 1 am re we oarido very wall by ourselves." But nt tbU sttrttotfon RoiC podtW, a of exgewMr which was, not lost ,diuM Rwthe sxprMepurposaof going With von," arid Oosmo: " why should I be turned off nowr " Ob, I only thought that became of Anne ——bnt of course you will flee Anne after. Will you all, like good people, come back and dine, ae we are going out now ? No, Charley, I will not, indeed, take any refusal. I want to hear all about Mount, dear Mount—and what Heathcote Mountford is doing. Anne wishes us to go to Hunston; but I don't know that 1 should like to be bo near without being at Mount." 11 la Anne too buey to aee ua now? I Bhould just like to eay how d'you do." " Oh, if you will wait a little, I don't doubt that you will flee her. Bnt I am Bure you will excuse U8 now, aa we had fixed to go out. We shall Bee you thiB evening. Mind you are here by 7 o'clock," cried Mm. Mountford, shaking her fingers at them in an airy way which she had learned "abroad." And Rose said, aa they went out, "Yob, do come, I want to hear all about Mount." About two minutes after they left the room Anne came in. She had not turned into a spider or wasp, like Robc in her Paris costume, but she was much changed. She no longer carried, her head high, but had got a habit of bowing it slightly, which made a curious difference in her ap pearance. She was like a tall flower bent by the winds, bowing before them ; she was more pale tnan eh© need to be ; and to Charley it seemed that there was an inquiry in ber eyes, which first cast one glance round, as if asking somethingi before they turned with a little gleam of pleasure to the strangers. JT " You here ?" Anne said. How glad I am to see you! When did you come, and where ate you staying ? I am so sorry that mamma and Rose have gone out; but you must come back and see them; or will you wait? They will soon be backand once more she threw a glance round, investigating—as if some one could be hiding somewhere, Willie Baid. But his brother knew better- Charley felt that there was the bewilderment of wonder in her eyes, and ,felt that it. must a new expe rience to her: that Cosmo Bhould not wait to see ber. For a moment the light seemed to fade in her face, then came back; and she sat down and talked with .a subdued aweetnesa that went to their hearts. Not to Mount, she Baid; " Heathcote is very kind, but I don't think I will go to Mount. To Hunston rather—where we can see everybody all the " What is the matter with Anne ?" Willie Ashley asked, wondering, when they came away. " It can't fee because she has lost her money. She has ho morespirit left m her, She has not a laugh left in bet. What is the cause of it all?" He Bet his teeth.and he said not a word. There was very Utile to be apt out of him all that day. He wentgloomUy about with hia brother, turning Willie a holiday into a somewhat poor sort of merry making. And when they went to dinner withthe Mountfords at night, Charleys usual taciturnity was bo much aggravated that he scarcely could be said to talk at all. I Bnt the dinner was gay enough. Kose, w seemed to young Ashley, who had his private reasons for being critical, kept it up, with Douglas in a way which was not at all plea sant They had been together all the after noon, and had all sorts <2 littie recoUections in common. Anne was much leaa subdued tV" In the morning, and talked like her old sdf. yet with a difference. " ^ast.when the party broke up, however, that Willie Ashley fdt himself moat iR flfljd. He was left entirely out in the cold by hti brother, who said to him briefly, " I am going home with Douglas," and threw him onhia own devices. If it had not been that some faint guess crossed the younger brother's mind as to Charley's meaning, he would have felt mm self very badly used. _ The curate put his arm within his friends. It was Bomewhat against the grain, for he did pot feel so amicable as he looked. I am coming back with you, he said. , We have not had a talk for ao long. I want to know •what you1?© been after all this long while. "Very glad of. a talk," said Douglas, hot neither was he quite as much gratified as he professed to be; " but aa for coming back with me, I don't know where that w tone, tor I am going to the dub." • "I'll walk with yon there," awd Charley, however, after this .announcement Cosmo changed hia. mind: he saw that there was gravity in the curate's intentions, and turned his steps towards hia worna/He had not been expected there, and the lamp was not lighted, nor snything reahy for him: and there was alittie stumbling in the dark and ringing of bells before they got settled com fortably to their tUt-d-tUt. Charley seated himself in a chair by the table white this was going on, and when lights came he was discovered there as in a scene"1 * heavy anddark in bis black clothes .And /the pale desperation with which. he was ad aresaipghimself to hi* task. ■ - ■ ■■ " Douglas," he said, " for a low time I have wanted to ape^k to you-— f _ " Speak away, stud the other; hut have a nine to assist yonr utterance, -Charter. You never could talk without yonr pipe The curate put away the offoeedluxury with n determined hand. How much easier, how much pleasanter it would have beento accept it, to veil his purpose with the friendly nothings of conversation, and tiins, perhaps, delude his friend into ditotonm without affronting him by a solemn demand! That would have -been ven> well had (&ariey; had ; &y; confidence to hlsbwn ^wers- bnt to had not, ahdVha p^d^ tertBtati^ awayi op veSdmbar >u*13ih Ago when IE'Helw:end=Tww€idl*'te«-i' SupMRii™ .Ninon eloraeri.-- teo.. ,.Hfou heie flulky* because hsd rat you out ? hnt ynanww* ^bMHtelp, Charleys" i--- *' ave Tauen witfe'bloba from me Wter that, ihafcvriUifattahie toglve,*betyraTtetfjWj anbened irihde then, and tome thing!hjti ^otfewpeficdlbM Jooktd ai if they ought to have done no. Von tttdt «•« tftet that, and I was glad enough to be of use. I want to ask you one question now,' Douglas. I don't Bay that you'll like to be questioned by me—" - • " No," said Cosmo, " a man does not like to be questioned by another man who hks no particular right to interfere; for I don't pre tend not to understand what yon mean." " No; you can't but understand what I pnean. All of ub, down about Mount, take A great interest—there's never a meeting tin the county of any kind but questions are always aBked. As for my father, he is excited on the subject. He cannot keep quiet. Will you tell me, for his satisfaction and my own, what is going to come of it—is anything going to come of it ? I think that as old friends, and mixed up as I have been all through, 1 have a right to inquire." " You mean," said Cosmo, doolly knocking a pipe upon the mantelpiece with his back turned to the questioner, tvhose voice was broken with emotion, and tfio was grasping the table nervously all the while he spoke— "you mean is marriage going to come of it? at least, I suppbse that is what you mean." The curate replied by a sdrt of inarticulate gurgle in his throat, an absent which excite ment prevented from forming itself into words. ' * "Well?" said the other. He took his time to everything he did, filled the pipe aforesaid, lighted it with various long-drawn pnfis, and finally Beated himself at the oppo site side' of the dark fireplace, over which the candles on the mantelpiece threw an addi tional shadow. " Well! it is no such simple matter as you seem to think." " I never Said it was a simple matter; and yet when one thinks that there are other men," cried the curate, with momentary vehemence, "who would give their heads " Douglas replied to this outburst with a momentary laugh, which, if be had but known it, as nearly gave him over to punish ment as any foolish step he ever took in his life. Fortunately for him it was very short, and in reality more a laugh of excitement than of mirth. "Oh, there's more than one, is there?" he said. " Look here, Charley, I might re fuse point-blank to anewer your question. I should have a perfect right It is not the sort of tiling that one man asks another in a general way." The curate did not make any reply, and after a moment Douglas continued— " But I won't I understand your motives if you don't understand mine. You think I am shilly-shallying, that I ought to fulfil my engagement, that I am keeping Anne hanging on." " Don't name any names," cried Ashley, hoarsely. "1 don't know how I can give you an answer without naming names; but I'll try to please you. Look here, it ie not euch an easy matter, plain-sailing and straightforward as you think. When I formed that engage ment I was—well, just what I am now—a poor devil of a barrister, not long called, with very little money, and not mucti to do. Bat, then, she was rich. Did you make a re mark f Charley had stirred unconsciously, with a movement of indignant fury, which he was unable altogether to restrain. But he made no answer, and Douglas continued with a quickened and somewhat excited tone. " I hope you don't suppose that I mean to say that had anything to do with the engage ment. Stop! yes, it had. I should not have ventured to say a word about my feelings to a poor girl. I should have taken myself off as soon &b; they became too much for me. I don't hide the truth from you, and I am not ashamed of it. To thrust myBelf and her into trouble on my present income is what 1 never would have thought of. Well, you know all that happened as well as I do. I entreated her not to be rash, I begged her to throw me over, not so much as to think of me when her father objected. She paid no atten tion. I don't blame her " "Blame her I" ' . , , " Those were the words I used. I don't blame her. She knew nothing about poverty. She was not afraid of it: it was rather a sort of excitement to her, as they say a revolution was to the French princesses. She laughed at it, and defied her father. If you think I liked that, or encouraged that, it is a mis take; bat what could I dot. And what am Ito do now ? Can: 1 bring her here, do you think ? What can I do with her f I am not well enough off to many. I should never I have dreamt of such a thing on my own ac Count If yon could show me a way out of It, I should be very thankful. As for work ing one's eelf into fame and fortune and all 5ini; kind of thing, yon know a little what mere romance it is. Some fellows do it; bnt {her don't marry to begin with. I am almost dad yon interviewed me to get this allont Whatam I to do? I know no more than yon can tell me. I have got the character of playing fas tend loom, of behaving badly to a girl whom I love and respect ; for I do love and respect her, mind yon, whatever yon and four belongings may think or say." ■ ' - ; " You •bbuld not well help yourselfk sofar 11 can see," said the curate hotly. ' ;: ." That Is fall yon know. If you were in my ilkoa mvd keew the false position into whidh have been brought, the axpeotations I have supposed to raise, the reluctance I hate ed to show in carrying 'them out—by ' ove Pif you could only feel *s I do all the ntiWPiaa of my position^ unable to stir a step i n"i^6#men whowbuld give their headfe to stand ifayourpotftion—~ ; ; And;what would they do in it?' asked Douglas, pulling ineffectually at- the pipe, whichlrad king gone out *'ffcy, yourself, jor example; you are totally different—you : nave got your house and your settled iuoome, Sndyou know what la before yon," i " I«an't diBcuee it in this way. Do you Imagine that I have as much to spend, to pes your own argument," cried the curate, vas yon havehere?" . V It 1b quite different," Donglaa said. Then ho added, with a sort of domed determina tion, " I am gatting on. I think I am getting the ball atmy foot; bnt to marry at present would be destruction—and to her etui more than to me." " Then the Bhort and the long w " The short and the long is exactly what I • have told yon. Yon may tellheryourself.ifyou please. Whatever love in a cottage may be, love in chambers is impossible. With her fortune we could have married, and it would ]i&v6; helped me on* Without it, such & thing would be madness, rain to me and to ^Charley rose up, stumbling to his feet " Thi6 is all you have got to say?" he said. " Yes, that is all 1 have got to Bay; and, to tell the truth, I think it is wonderfully good . of me to say it, and not to show you politely to the door; but we are old friends, and you are her old friend " "Good-night, Douglas," the curate said, abruptly. He did not offer his friend his ; hand, but went out bewildered,. stumbling down the stairs and out at the dpor. This was what be had yielded up all his.hopes (but he never had any hopeB) for! This was what ' Anne had selected out of the world. He did not go back to his hotel, but took a long walk round and round the parks in the dismal lamplight, seeing many a dismal scene. It waB almoBt morning when his brother, utterly surprised and alarmed, heard him come in at last. Chapter XXX. the rector satisfied. • No, I did not get any satisfaction; I can't say that he gave me any satisfaction," the curate said. ... . . , , He had put down hiB pipe out of deference to his father, who had come into the little den inhabited by Charley the morning after his return. Mr. Ashley's own study was a re-' fined and comfortable place, as became the study of a dignified clergyman; but his son had a little three- cornered room, full of pipes and papers, the despair of every houBe-: maid that ever came into the house. Charley had felt himself more than usually that morn ing in need of the solace that his pipe could give. He had returned home late the evening before, and he had already bad great discus sions with his brother Willie as to Rosa Mountford, whom Willie, on a second inter-' view, had pronounced " just as nice as ever," but whom the elder had begun to regard with absolute disgust. Willie had gone off to Hunston to execute a commission which in reality was from Anne, and which the curate. bad thought might have been committed to himself—to inquire into the resources of the " Black Bull," where old Saymore had now - for some time been landlord, and to find out whether the whole party could be accommo dated there. The curate had lighted his pipe when his brother went off on this mission. He wanted it, poor fellow ! He sat by the * open window with a book upon the ledge, smoking out into the garden ; the view was limited, a hedgegrow or two in the distance, breaking the flatness of the elds, a big old walnut tree in front shutting in one siae, a clump of evergreens on the other. What be was reading was only a railway novel picked up in mere listlessness; he pitched it away into a large untidy waste paper-basket, and put down hiB pipe when bis father came in. The rector had not been need (in bis youth to such disorderly ways, and he did not like smoke. "No, sir, no satisfaction; the reverse of that—and yet, perhaps, there is something to be said, too, on his side," the curate said. "Something on his side! I don't know what yon mean." cried his father. " When I w&b; a young fellow, to behave in this sort of way was disgrace to an honourable mam That iB to say, no honourable man would have been guilty of it. Your word was your word, and at any cost it had to be kept" "Father," said Charley with unusual energy, "it seems to me that the most un bearable point of all this is—that you and I Bhould venture to talk of any fellow, con found him ! keeping his word and behaving honourably to—* That's what I can t put up with, for my part" .... . "You are quite right, said the rector, abashed for the moment And then he added pettishly, But what can we do? We > must use the common words, even though • Anne is the subject. Chariey.fchereis nbbody;c so near a brother to her as you are, nor A/i father as L" ■ ' Yes, I suppose Im like a brother,, the-, curate said with 6 sigh. . • . • " Then tell me exactly what thia fellow'- • Bajtfr. jCfhW was wound up for immediate action. Perhaps the increased tedium of life > since the departure of " the family from > Mount had made him more willing, now •. when it seemed to have come to a climax, toe l an excitement of any kind. .. '' •> " It isn't what she has a right to, said the/, curate, painfully impartial when he had told his tale. " She ought to be received like a a b easing wher ver roe goes. We know that j better than anyone ; hut I don't say that \ Douglas doesn't know it too——- f , . , > " Don't let me hear the feUowon&me; 1 > " That's very true, sirs" Raid the curate, "bnt, after all, when you pomnto think of itl ' Perhaps, nowadays, with all our artificial ! arrangements. you know—Atleoet, that's : What people say- He'd b* bringing hereto > poverty to please himself. Hen.betakmgt her out of her own sphere. . She doesn't know; ■■ what povqrty meant, that's what ^he akysw*l kndshe itnghs at it Hew can he bring bard Into trouble which she doean'i understands n that's what hesMya.1' ■ 1-ui •- •>.'•« rbnV;nl edt : " He'e a<OOl,AUd a«bWufd And perbWpi, tell !* tflfif&M; Tben fce .. . tincteesi^^wt&golib-vj.;", „, j '•* To towh f iohigbt? i«bnM! sitewhli*,yc<w; - Wd 40,' Wounded/ With mi pihtmun, «B mp^as;to*VJ If/ pbuMbot# Anything how ahotlfo •hook Off thisWith jflupriM to *» " ififwthoole ^ i library, W' he* transforming... . London!" "U Auueaud her affairs, take my word for it!" ' cried Fanny Wood head, who was so clear sighted, "and high time that somebody , should interfere!" The rector got in very late, which, as every body knows, is the drawback of that after- : noon train. You get in so late that it is almost like a night journey; arid he was not 60 early nest morning as was common to him. There was no reason why he should be early. He sent a note to Anne as soon as he was up to ask her to see him privately, and about 11 o'clock sallied forth on his mission. Mr. Ashley had come to town not as a peacemaker, but, as it were, with a sword of indignation in his hand. He was half angry with the peaceful sunshine and the soft warmth of the morning. It was not yet hot in the ehady streets, and little carts of flowers were being driven about, aud all the vulgar sounds Boftened by the genial air. London was out of town, and there was an air of grateful languor about everything; few carriages about the street, bat per petual .cabs loaded with luggage—pleasure and health for those who were going away, a little more zoom and rest for those who were remaining, But the rector was not in ; a humour to see the best side of anything. 1 He marched along angrily, encouraging him-,! self to be remorseless,. not to mind what j Anne might say, but if she pleaded for her lover, if she clung to the fellow, determining : to have no mercy upon her. The best of ' women are such fools in this respect. They would not be righted by their friends ; they would prefer to suffer, and defend a worth- ; less fellow, so to speak, to the last drop of ! their blood. But all the Bame, though the j rector was so angry and so determined, he j was also a little afraid. He did not know | bow Anne would take his interference. She was not the Bort of girl whom the oldest friend could dictate to—to whom he could Bay, " Do this," with any confidence that she would doit. His breath came quick and hiB heart beat now that the moment ap proached, but " There is nobody so near , a father to her as I am," he said to himself, and this gave him courage. Anne received him in a little sittingroom which was reserved to herself. She was sitting there among her papers waiting for him, and when he entered came forward quickly, holding out her hands, with some anxiety in her face. "Something has hap pened," she said—she, too, with a little catch ing of her breath. No—nothing, my dear, nothing to alarm you; I mean really nothing at all, Anne—only I wanted to speak to you " She put him into a comfortable hair, and drew her own cloBe to him, smiling, though still a little pale. " Then it iB all p easure," Bhe said, " if it is not to be pain. What a long time it is since I have seen you! But we are going to HonBton, where we shall be quite within reach. All the same, you look anxious, dear Mr. Ashley—you were going to speak to me " " About your own affairs, my dear child," he Baid. " Ah!" a flush came over her face, then she grew paler than before. " Now 1 see why you look so anxious," she said, with a faint smile. " If it is only about me, how ever, we will face it steadily, whatever it " Anne," cried the rector, taking both her hands in his—" Anne, my dear child! I have loved yon as if yon had been my own all your life." She thanked him with her eyes, iu which there was the ghost of a melancholy smile, but did not speak. " And 1 can't bear to see you slighted, my dear. 1 You are slighted, Anne, you whom we all think too good for a king. It has been growing mora and more intolerable to me as the monthB have gone by. I cannot bear it, I cannot bear it any longer. I have come to say to yourself that it is not poBBible, that it must not go on, that it cannot be." Anne gavehia hands which held here a quick pressure. "Thank you," she said, "dear Mr. Ashley, for coming to me. If you had gone to anyone else 1 could not have borne it;but say whatever yon will to me." Then he got up, his excitement growing. "'Anne, this man stands aloof. Possessing your love, my dear, end your promise, be has —not claimed either one or the other. He has. let you go abroad, he has let you come home, he is letting you leave London without coming, to 'any decision or taking the place hp ought to take by your. side. Anne, bear me out; yon have a difficult position, my dear; yon have a great deal to do; it would be an advantage to you.to have someone to act for you, to stand by you, to help you." ■"So far as that goes," she said with n pained smile—" no ; I don't think there is very much need of that."; . ■ ' Listen to me, my dear. Rose has her mother; she does not want.youF personal care, so that is no excose; and all chat yon have to do makes it more expedient that yon should have help arid support.None 'of u - but would give yon that help and support, oh f so gladly, Anne I But .there' is one whom you have chosen, by means of whom it is that you Am in this-position—and he holds back. - He does hot rash to' your side imprudently, impatiently, as he ought. What sort of a man isit thit thinks of prudence in each circumstances ? He lets yon stand alone and work atone; and he' is totting jrpp go away, leave the place where he i$, without settling your future/without oomingib any conclusion—without even a time indicated. Oh, I have no patience with it—»-I cannot away with it!" said ths rector, throwing up his sums, " it is more than I can put up with. And that you should be subjected to this, Anne 1 | Perhaps she had never been subjected to I so1 hard an ordeal he now. She eat with her hands tightly dtsped on the table, her lips painfully smiling, a dark dew of pain in her wee—heanngherewn humiliation, her down fall from the heights of worship and service where she had been placed all her life by those who loved her, recounted like a well known history. She thought ft had been aU secret to herself, that nobody had known of the wondering discoveries, the bitter nndings-out. the confusion of all her Mw as one thing after another became dear to bee. It wis aotaU cleu to her yet; she had bu sttnok Into bet before,viral spd bluing, but now it snrire It eredlfejfo that ehe did not „ what to WM.MmpK.Pf that she did not fed J*Ku!lr<>r J""1 »* «<* frMea^POwbfcbP* so that the ghost could «.. .... WBenhh«tbt«*diit]|^.balf frightened by his own ribaeasrind rtH trismiod at her calm.: *' io Wftnorire rtjiieaWtbreit making Wy! * <Jua*tai*«siidj spenkmTwi^iotos' "Some—oh, my dear, ray dear, it ia all true—don't lay that Mattering unction to your poul. Once you have looked at it calmly, dispassionately " Here Anne broke forth into a little laugh, which made Mr. Ashley hold out his hauds in eager deprecation, "Oh, don't, my darling, don't, don't!" " No," she said, "no, no—I will not laugh — that would be too much. Am I so dispas sionate, do you think ? Able to judge calmly, though the case is my own " "Yes, Anne," cried the old rector; his feelings were too much for him—he broke down and Bobbed like a woman. " Yes, my beautiful Anne, my dearest child! you are capable of it—you are capable of everything' that is heroic. Would I have ventured to come to you but for that? You are capable of everything, my dear." Anne waited a little longer, quite silently, holding her hands clasped tight.' One thlfig she was not cap&ble; of, and< that was to Btand up. Whatever else she might be able to do, she could not do that She spid under her breath, " Wait for a moment," and then, when she had got command of herself, rose slowly and went to the table on which her papers were. There she hesitated, taking a letter out of the blotting-book—but after a moment's pause brought it to him. "I did not think 1 should ever show—a letter—to a third person," she said with confused utter ance. Then she went back to her table, and Bat down and began to move with her hands among the papers, taking up one, and layiug . down another. The rector threw himself iuto the nearest chair, and began to read. " Dear Cosmo,—You will think it strange to get a long letter from me, when we met this morning; and yet, perhaps, you will not think it strange—you will know. " In the first place let me say that there are a great many things which it will hot be needful to put on paper, which you and I will understand without words. We understand —that things have not been lately as they were some time ago. It is nobody's fault; things change—that is all about it. One does not always feel the Bame, and we must be thankful that there is no absolute neces sity that we should feel the same; we have still the full freedom of our lives, both I and you. " This being the case, I think I should say toyou that it seems to me we have made a mis take. You would naturally have a delicacy in Baying it, but women have a privilege in this respect, and therefore 1 can take the ini tiative. We were too haBty, I fear; or else there were circumstances existing then which do not exist now, and which made the bond between us more practicable, more easily to be realised. This is where it fails now. It may be juBt the same in idea, but it has ceased to be possible to bring anything prac ticable out of it; the effort would involve much, more than we are willing to give, per ench haps more—I speak brutally, as the French gay—than it is worth. " In these uncertainties 1 put it to you whether it would not be better for us in great friendship and regret to shake hands and— part ! It iB not a pleasant word, but there are things which are much less pleasant than any word can be, and those we must avoid at all hazards. 1 do not think that your pre sent life and my present life could amalga jgamate anyhow—could they? And toe-future da so hazy, so doubtful, with so little in it that we can rely upon—the possibilities, might jalter, in our favour or against us, but no one lean tell, and most probably any change would be disadvantageous. On the other .hand,, your life, as at present arranged, anits you very well, and my life soits me. Tnerepeema , no reason why we should make ourselves , uncomfortable—ia there ?—by continuing,! at the cost of much inconvenience, to concern-1 jplate changes which we do not very mpch 1 desire, and which would be a very doubtful. advantage if they were made. - 11 Thisbeing toe case—and I think, however , unwilling you may be to admit it, to start, with, that if ypu ask yourself deep down in J the depths of your heart, you will find that' the same doubts and questions which have ' been agitating my mind have beep in. yours jtoo—and that there is only one answer. to. them-Mlon't you think my suggestion'ig the heat ? Probably it will not be pleasant to , ieither of ps. There will, be the talk apd the wonderihgs of our friends, hut what dp topse , matter?t-and what is far-worse, ,a,great, Icrying-out - of our own recollections and'] imaginatioiis against such a severance—but these, J fed sure, lie all on the surface', and if we are brave and decide npon' it at once, will last as short a time as—most other jfeelinra last in this world. | " If you agree with me, send me just three words to say so—or six, or., indeed -aw number of words—but don't let us enter into explanations. Without anything more said, we both understand. '' Your true friend in all circumstances, "Akpe." i There are some names which are regal in their mere simplicity of a few letters. "This signature seemed like Anne Princess or Anne Queen to toe eyes of -toe old num. who read it. He Bat with' theletter id ilia hands for some time after he had read to. toe: end,-not •. pble to trust his voice or even his old aywtoy any sudden movement.. - The writer iSHoShia ■ time sat at her tablemoving about the papetB." Some of the business letters which ! wees' lying there she mad over. One litt&einoto; the wrote a confused reply to, which had to. pe torn np afterwards. She waited—but not' with any tremor-^ with a atill sort of aching i deep down in her heart, which seemed to i answer,instead of beating. How .is it that there is so. often actual pain and heaviness where toe heart lies, to justify all our >. metaphorical references to it?. The brain(1 floes not ache when our heartsaie sore;: and-i yet they say dot brainsnke all . .we have to fed with. Why should ltbe so true, so true, so nay that one's heart lis. heavy! Anne, asked herself (this question vaguely, as ahe:j eat so quietly moving about hSr papers.. Her head was as clear as yours or mine, bother heart—whioh, poor thing, means npthifig but a bit of .hydraulic machinery, aa& waa, tramping away jut as usual—lay hpayy/in her bosom like a lump of lead. , ,... I " Mydear child, my. dear child l'V the Old rector said at lengto. rialug tip hastily* end'j ■tumbling towards her,; his eyes dim with tears, not seeing ais way. The circumstances;, were far too serious for his usual exclasnarj tionof "God bless mr soull" which, being into e good wiah, wss more cheerful then the. occasion required. Do yOu tbink that it sufficient!" eaid ie, with a faint amila "Ypueep d am not. rant bf-i-the foundations—do you think j will do!" . i ■>.«: My dear, my -dear!" Mr. Ashley sail .[He. lid notaeem.capablecf saying any mpce.^, r.. With tost Anne, feeling very lute avmoaiu st the stake-HM if shewere tied to her chair, i J ■t least, land found, the ropes, toough/thef T ut bar, some export—took toe letter onMtij is, head and .pat, it iato an envelop*,,end greeted it very steadily to ^goetao J)opg|ast *1 ., Middle r< , be tout The iwes^ wens wkPerof linl* Sh^wSre a iafipqit, Thftpapewhefonii er wemaH mUed i«» end pwue^infaafoauVi ut yet toe «ot>ld 'sce tofi • enraope-i-fCar i square-—an accomplished thing, settled and done with, as perhaps she thought her life too sIbo was. " Anne," said the old rector, in his trem bling voice, " my dear ! I know one far more worthy of you, who would give all the world to know that he might hope " She put out one hand and pushed herself away from the table. The giddiness went off, and the papers again became perceptible before her. "You don't BuppoBe that I— want anything to do with any man?" Bhe Baid, with an indignant break in her voice. "No, my dear; of conrse you do not. It would not foe in nature if you did not scorn and turn from : but Anne," said the old rector, "-life will go on, do what you will to stand still. You cannot stand still, whatever you do. You will have to walk the same path as those that have gone before you. You need never marry at all, you will say. BfitT hftfer d 'while, when time has had'its1 usual effect, "and' yout "grief is calmed and your mind matured, you will do like others that have gone 'before you.':Do not scorn what I say. You are only twenty-two when , all is done, and life .is long, and the path is very <£r<aary when, you walk by yourself and there is ho one with you on the way." Anne ,didnot say anything. It was her policy and her safety not to say anything. She had come to herself. But the past time . had been one of great struggle and trial, and she was worn out by it. After a while Mr. Ashley came to see that the Words of wisdom he was speaking fell upon deaf ears. He ' talked a great deal, and there was much ■ wisdom and experience and the soundest j good sense in what he Baid, only it dropped .« half-way, as it were, on the wing, on the j way to her, and never got to Anne. , He went away much subdued, just as a servant from the hotel came to get the letters (for the post. Then the rector left Anne, and went to the -other part of the house to pay bis, respects to the other ladies. They had been out all the morning, and now bad come back to luncheon. " Mr: Douglas is always so good," Mrs. i Mountford said. " Fortunately it is the long j vacation;. but I suppose yon know that; and he can give us almost all his time, which is I bo good of him. It was only the afternoons 'I in the winter that we could have. And he tells Rose everything. I tell her Mr. Douglas is more use to her than any governess she ever had." " Is Anne never of your parties ?" the rector Baid. : "Oh, Anne! Bhe is always busy about something, or else she says she is busy. Iam i Sure she need not Bhnt herself up as she does. 1 wish yon wonld speak to her. Yon are an old friend, and always had a great influence over Anne. She is getting really morose— iquite morose—if yon will take my opinion," said Mrs. Mountford. Rose was almost as { lemphatic. "I don't hnow what she has against me. I cannot seal myself up as she does, can I; Mr. ABhley ? No,'she will never ' come with us. It is so tiresome; but I sup pose when we arein the country, which she is always so fond of, that things will change." : Just then Anne.pame into the room Boftly, fin her usuAl guiBe. Mr. Ashley looked at her' half in alarm. She had managed .to-' dismiss : jfrom her vbice and manner every vestige of ' (agitation. What practice she must havenud, phe rector said to himself, to be able,' fcp tdo it ! "I foope yon have had a pleasant mqpiing," - jehesaid. She did not avoid Cosmoj hutgave ihim her hand as simply as to the Tret' She , (addressed hTm little, bnt Still did not netfi jtate to address him, and once the rebtot iter* Iceived her" looking at him unawares with jeyes full of the deepest compassion. Why was'she'so pitifnl ? Cosmo did hdt seem to , •like the look. He was wistful and anxious. 1 [Already there was soxhSthing, "a warning of; ievil," in the air. 