A iZhtost mory—Wha Signalman. (BY CJIABLES DICKERS.) " HALLOA ! Below there !" "When he heard a voice thus calling to him, he was standing at the door of.his box, with a flag in his hand, furled round its short pole. One would have thought, considering the nature of the ground, that he could not have doubted from what quarter the voice came; but instead of looking up to where I stood on the top of "the steep catting nearly over his head, he turned himself about, and looked down the Line. There was something remarkable iu his maimer of doing so, though I could not have said for my life what. But I know it was remarkable enough to attract mv notice, even though his iiguro was foreshortened and shadowed, down in the deep trench, and mine was high above him, so steeped in the glow of an angry sunset, that I had shaded my eves with my hand before I saw him at all. "Holloa! Below!" From, looking down the Line, he turned himself about again, aud rising his eyes, saw my figure high a bove him. Is there any path by which. I can come down and spsak to you 'i" He looked up at me without replying, and I looked down at him without pressing him too soon with a repetition of mj- idlequestion. Just then .there camo a vague vibration in the earth and air, quickly changing into a violent palsation, and oncoming rush that caused me to start back, as though it had force to draw me down. When such vapour as rose to my height from this rapid train had passed me, and was skimming away over the landscape, I looked down again, and saw him refurling the fiao- he had shown while the train went by. I repeated my inquiry. After a pause, during which he seemed to regard me with fixed attention, he motioned with his rolledup flag towards a point 011 my level, some two or three hundred yards distant. I called down to him, " all right!" and made for that point. There by dint of looking closely about me, I found a rough zigzag decending path notched out, which I followed. The cutting was extremely deep, and unusually precipitate. It was made through a clammy stone, that became oozier and wetter as I went down. For these reasons, I found the way long enough to give me time to recall a singular air of reluctance or compulsion with which he had pointed out the path. When I came down low enough upon the zigzag descent to see him agair, I saw that he was standing between the rails on the way by which the train had lately passed, in an attitude as if he were waiting for mo to appear. He had his left hand at his chin, and that left elbow restod on his right hand, crossed over his breast. His attitude was one of such expectation and watchfulness that I stopped a moment, wondering at it. I resumed my, downward way, and stepl ping out upon the level of the railroad, and drawing nearer to him, saw that ho was a 'dark swallow man, with a dark beard and rather heavy eyebrows. His post was in as solitary and dismal a place as ever I saw. On either side, a dripping wet wall of jagged stone, excluding all view but a strip of sky; the perspective one way only a crooked prolongation of this great dungeon; the shorter perspective in the other direction terina mating in a gloomy red light, and the gloomier entrance to a black tunnel, in whose massive architecture there was a barbarous, depressing, and forbidding air. So little sunlight ever found its way to this spot, that it hud an earthy, deadly smell ; and so much cold wind rushed through it, that it struck chill to me, as if I had loft the natural world. Before I10 stirred, I was near enough to him to have touched him. Not even then removing his eyes from mine, he stepped back 0110 step, and lifted his hand. This was a lonesome post to occupy (I said), and it had riveted my attention when I looked down from up yonder. A visitor was a rarity, I should suppose; not au unwel<.;«me rarity, I hoped? In me, he merely sa w a man who had been shut up within narrow limits all his life, and who, being at last set free, had a newly-awakened interest iu these great works. To such purpose I spoke to him ; but, I am far from MI ire of the terms I used ; for, besides that 1 am not happy in opening any conversation, tlv.-Kf was .something in the man that daunted me-.. He directed a most curious look towards the rwl light near tin 1 tunnel's mouth, and looked all about, it, as if something were missing from it, and then looked at me. That light was part of his change ? Was it- not ? He answered in a low voice,—" Don't vou know it is?" The monstrous thought camo into my mind, as I perused the fixed eyes and the saturnine face, that this was a spirit, not a man. I have speculated since, whether there may have lie en infection in his mind. In my turn, I stepped back. But in making the action, I detected in his eyes some latent fear of me. This put the monstrous thought to fight. You look at me,'' I said,, forcing a smile, " as if you had a dread of me." "I was doubtful," he returned, " whether I had seen vou before." " Where?"' He pointed to the red light he had looked at. " There ?" I said. Intently watchful of me, he replied (but without sound), " Yes." "My good fellow, what should I <Jo there ? However, be that as it may, I never was there, you may swear." " I think I may," lie rejoined. " Yes ; I am sure I. may." His manner cleared, like my own. He replied to my remarks with readiness, and in well-chosen words. He had much to do there? Yes; that was to say, he had enough responsibility to boar ; but exact ness and watchfulness were what was required of him, and of actual work—manual labour — he had next none. To change that signal, to trim those lights, and to turn this iron handle now and then, was all he had to do under that head. Regarding those many long a.nd lonely hours of which I seemed to make so much, he could only say that the routine, of his life had shaped itself into that form, and he had grown used to it. He had taught himself a language down here,—if only to know it by sight, and to have formed his own crude ideas of its' pronunciation, could bo called learning it. He had also worked at fractions and decimals, and tried a little algebra; but he was, and had been as a boy, a poor hand at figures. Was it necessary for him when on duty always to remain in that channel of dam]) air, and could he never rise iuto the sunshine from between those high stone Avails? Why, that depended upon times and circmnstaucs. Under some conditions there would be less upon the Line than under others, and the same held good as to certain hours of the day and night. In bright weather, he did choose occasions for getting a little above these lower shadows; but, being at all times liable to be called by his electricbell, and at such times listening fcr it with redoubled anxiety, the relief was less than I would suppose. He took me into his box, where there was a fire, a desk for an official book in 'which he hud to make certain entries, a telegraphic instrument with its dial, face, and needles, and the little bell of which he had spoken. On my trusting that he would excuse the rem.irk that he had been well educated, and (I hoped I might say without offence). perhaps educated above that station, he observed that instances of slight incongruity in such wise would rarely be found wanting among large bodies of men; that he had heard it was so in workhouses, in the police force, even in that last 'desperate resource, the army ; and that he knew it was so, more or less, in any great railway staff. He had been, when young (if I -could believe it, sitting in that hut,—he scarcely could) a Student of natural philosophy, and had attended lectures ; but ho had run wild, misused his opportunities, gone down, and never risen again. lie had 110 complaint to offer about that. He had made his bed, and he lay upon it. It was far too late to make another. All that I have here condensed he said in a quiet manner, with his grave dark regards divided between me and the fire, no throw into the word. " Sir," from time to time, and especially when he referred to his youth,—as though to request me to understand that he claimed to be nothing but what I found him. He was several times interrupted by the little bell, and had to read off messages, and send replies. Once ho had to stand without the door, and display a flag as a train passed, and make some verbal communication to the driver. In the discharge of his duties, I observed him to be remarkably exact and vigilant, breaking off his discourse at a syllable, and remaining silent until what he had to do was done. In a word, I should have set-this man down as one of the safest of men to be employed in that capacity, but for the circumstance that while he was speaking to me ho twice broko off with a fallen colour, turned his face towards the little bell when it did NOT ring, opended the door of the hut (which was kept shut to exclude tho nil-' healthy damp), and looked out towards the ed light near the mouth of the tunnel. On both of those occasions he came back to the fire with tho inexplicable air upon him which' I had remarked, without being aide to define, when wo were so far asunder. Said I, when I rose to loavc him, " You almost make me think that I have met with a contented man." (I am afraid I must acknowledge that I said it to lead him on.) ; I believe I used to be so," ho rejoined, in the low voice in which he had first spoken; " but I am troubled, sir, I am troubled." He would have recalled tho words if he could. He had said tliom, however, and I took them up quicklv. " With what ? What is your trouble ?" "It is very difficult to impart, sir. It is very, very difficult to speak of. If ever you make me another visit, I will try to tell you." "But I expressly intend to make A - ou another visit. Say, when shall it bo ?" " I go off early in the morning, and I shall be on again at ten to-morrow night, sir." " I will come at eleven." He thanked me, and went out at the door with me. " I'll show my white light, sir," he said, in his peculiar low voice, "till you have found the way up. When you have found it, don't call out! And when }'ou are at tho top don't call out!" His manner seemed to make, the place strike colder to me, but I said no more than "Yerv well." "And when you come down to-morrow night, don't cali out! Let me ask you a parting question: What made you cry, « Ilalloa! Below there !' to-night ?" " Heaven knows," said I. "Icried something to that effect " " Not to that effect, sir. Those were tho very words. I know them well." " Admit those were the very words. I said them, no doubt, because I' saw you below." " For no other reason ?" "What other reason could I possibly have?" " You had no feeling that thev were conveyed to you in any supernatural way ?" "No." He wished me good night, and held up his light. I walked by the side of the down Line of rails (with a very disagreeable sensation of a train coming behind me) until I found the path. It was easier to mount than to descend, and I got back to my inn without any adventure. Punctual to my appointment, I placed my foot on the first, notch of the zigzag next night, as the distant clocks were striking eleven. He was waiting for mo at the bottom, with his white light on. "I have not called out," I said, when we came close together; " may I speak now?" "By all means, sir." " Good night, then, and here's my hand." "Good night, sir, and here's mine." With that wo walked side by side to his box, entered it, closed the door, and sat down by the lire. " I ha ve made up my mind, sir, he began, bending forward as soon as we were seated, and speaking in a tone but a little above a whisper, "that you shall not have to ask me twice what troubles me. I took you foxsome one else yesterday evening. That troubles me." " That mistake ?" " No. That some one else." "Who is it?" " I don't know." "Like me?" "I don't know. I never saw the face. The left arm is across the face, and tho right arm is waved, violently waved. This way." I followed his action with my eyes, and it was the action of an arm gesticulating, with the utmost passion and vehemence, " For God's sake, clear the way !"' "One moonlight night," said the man, "Iwas sitting here, when I heard a voice cry, ' Halloa! Below there!' I started up, looked from that door, and saw this Some one else standing by the red light near th«? tunnel, waving as I just now showed you. The voice seemed hoarse with shouting, and it cried, •' Look out! Look out!' And then again, ' Halloa! Below there ! Look out!' I caught up my lamp, turned it on red, and ran towards the figure, calling, " What's wrong? What has happened ? Where?' It stood just outside the blackness of the tunnel. I advanced so close upon it that T. wondered at its keeping the sleeve across its e\ r es. I ran right up at it. and hud my hand stretched out to pull the sleeve avray when it was gone." " Into the tunnel?" said I. " No. Iran on into tho tunnel, five hundred yards. I stopped, and held my lamp above my head, and saw the figures of the measured distance, and saw the wet stains stealing down the walls and trickling through tho arch. Iran out again faster than I had run in (for I had a mortal abhorrence of the place upon mo), and I looked all round tho rod light with my own red light, and I went up the iron ladder to the gallery atop of it, and I came down again, and ran back hero. I telegraphed both ways, ' Au alarm has been given. Is anything wrong?' The answer camo back, both ways, " All well.'" Resisting the slow touch of a frozen finger tracing out my spine, I showed him how that this figure must be a deception of liis sense of sight; and how that figures, originating in disease of the delicate nerves that minister to tho functions of the eye, were known to have often troubled patients, some of whom had beconio conscious of the nature of their affliction, and had even proved it by experiments upon themselves. "As to an imaginary cry," said I, "do but listen for a moment to the wind in this unnatural valley while we speak so low, and to the wild harp it makes of the telegraph wires." That was all very well, he returned, after we had sat listening for a while, and lie ought to know something of the wind and tho wires,—he who so often passed long winter nights, alono and watching. But he would beg to remark that he had not finished. I asked his pardon, and he slowly added these words, touching my arm,.— " Within six hours after the Appearance, the memorable accident on this Line happened, and within ten hours the dead and wounded were brought along through tho tunnel over the spot where the figure had stood." (To be continued.) 