:MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OF LORD BRACKENBURY ,. [BY AMELIA B. EDWAnDS.] (Published by 'Arrangement ouith Hlarper Brothelrs, New .York.) OHAPTER`L XVIII.-Conttinuedl. Lancelot, watched him, enjoying his undisguised astonishment. Miss Savage's attention, meanwhile, was engrossed by some three of four score of snowly fan-tailed pigeons. These pretty creatu~reslher own especial pets-had espied her from the roof; and first one, then two, then half a dozen, came fluttering down, cooing and:'.courtesying about her feet, and clamoring softly for their accustomed food. Laughing, she took of her hat, and let them settle in a cloud on her head, on her shoulders, on her up raised `:hanud and arm. , The slanting sunlight caught her where she stood, while behind her lay the old house all in shadoW. It' was a ready-made picture, and Lancelot, looking ,on vith the eye of an artist; 'lbnged to ;paiit it on the spot. ' Well, he said, presently, ' what do you thiilu of the place9? Does'it come up to your expectation ?'. Mr. Cochrane's wandering gaze had by this time strayed down from the windows, to .the courtyard. He Was looking almost with surprise, evidently with admiration, no longer at the house, but at'the lady. 'My expectation ?' he said, slowly. ' My expectation fell far short of the reality.' She was tall-taller than he had at first supposed.; younger, altogether lovelier and more attractive. Her eye lids, too, were no longer red ; and now that he saw her without her hat, he discovered that she had wonderfully k hind, frank, pleasant eyes, blue rather than gray, witn long dark lashes, and a half-shy, half-eager look in them which might easily flash into laughter, or kindle into honest anger. The brows above those eyes were level, and the forehead. broad and low; and the mouth-well, yes, the mouth was large. Not so large as he had thought, yet larger than quite coincided with Mr. Horace Cochrane's standard of perfection. But it was a beautiful mouth, for all that, and the little even teeth which that smile disclosed were perfectly charming. As for her hair \--bright, wavy chesnut hair, with glint of red gold upon it-he had no fault to find with that, not even with the way she wore it, though nothing could well be more careless without being positively untidy. Scanning her thus critically, point by point, as he might have scanned an uncatalogued painting in a gallery, hesitating to what master it should be attributed, he decided that Miss Savage not only came up to the level of her reputation, but that there was something peculiarly fresh and vivid in her beaut3y, that it belonged, in fact, to the Venetian school, and that she ought to have been painted (had she only lived three hundred years ago) by Paris Bordone. He half thought, in deed, that she reminded him of a Bor done which he had seen somewhere or another abroad, but he could not remember where. Meanwhile the pigeons circled, and lighted, and strutted; and Miss Savage, unconscious of criticism, thought only of feeding them. 'Do, please, Lancelot, tap on the kitchen window, and bid Joan or Bridget bring me some food for them,' she cried, appealingly. Lancelot did as he was bidden, and a buxom damsel in pattens presently appeared with a sieve of barley in her hand. 'Thof' het their bait, miss, a'ready,' she said, in a tone remonstrance. ' I donno what Bridget 'ull say.' WiniIred laughed, and flung the barley in great handfuls about the yard. 'Never fear, Joan,' she said. ' Leave Bridget to me. I will take the blame. Here Lily! - poor Lily! Reine Blanche!. Snowdrift ! . . . Oh, Bijou! you greedy bird ! How dare you be so bold ?' Bijou had perched on the edge of the sieve, and was impudently helping himself. . ' So each pigeon has its name ? But when all are white, how can you pos sibly tell one bird from another.?' asked Mr. Cochrane, with suddenly awakened interest. She looked round, smiling. 'How does a shepherd know his sheep? My pigeons look all alike to you, because you are not acoustomed to them; yet I see as much difference between Bijou and Lily and Snow drift as if no two were of the same colour. But you are waiting all this time to pay your visit to my aunt, and see the house. I am treatingly you ver?y rudely.' 'I am seeing the house now.' said Coohrane. 'The outside cannot pos sibly be as picturesque as the inside.' Miss Savage put the sieve on the ground, Bijou and all, said a few words in a low voice to Joan, and leaving her pets to finish their meal. offered to lead the way through the unoccurpied rooms. 'I 'have sent word to my aunt that you are here,' she said; 'but before you go in you may as well see the esuth wing. Down Prince-downl No, Jack, you must stay outside. Good dogs-lie down.' She led the way to a door under the gatewvay, first fetching the key from whire :it hung inside the porch. The lock' 'as rusty, and Lancelot with aiflhdulty turned the key. SWe lhardly ever open these rooms, said Miss Savage. 'They are full of dust.and ghosts, and ore going fast to xuin.' ' . (ToPha cdntinued.j 