MUEDER BY NATIVES IN THE . SOUTHERN TERRirOItY. Information has been received in Adelaide of another murder by natives in the Northern Territory, the victim being a man named McNsmara, in the employ of Messrs. Brodte and Scrutten. A telegram giving some parti culars of the sad affair, received by the Super intendent of Telegraphs from Mr. J. A. G. Little, etationmastor at Port Darwin, has been handed to us for publication. It says :— ' The following information about the murder of a man named MoNamara has been received from Messrs. Brodie & Sorutton's black boy, who arrived this afternoon at the Catherine with a ? telegnm. Mr. Brodie and McN&mara; went on ahead of some cattle with packhorses and rations to Hosy Creek, close to Limmen's Bight Biver. Alter breakfast the following morning McNamara lay down and Mr. Brodie went after the horses. On returning to camp Mr. Brodie found McXamara dead, having been speared through the head by a ttone epear, end all rations gone. The party have been living on beef ever since. Mr. Johns, operator, is now travelling on the line towards tno Bleey, and will probably meet Mr. Brodie on Saturday. I have sent instructions for him to obtain any further particalare, and to let you know.' __________ _^__ 'For some weeks,' says the Border Watch of Jane 29, 'the escapades of some mischief-loving fleet footed larrikin, who occa sionally parades the Etreets of Mount Gambier at a late hour with something white over him, has been the subject of a good deal of table-talk and no little alarm to the timid. Most people have a strong antipathy to meeting a white rag moving about in the dark, and so far no one who has encountered 'the ghost* has had the pluck to attempt his capture. Last Sunday night a burly coachariver was vowing in the Mount Gambier Hotel stables that if he only got a sight of the misareant he would make it warm for htm. On turning out to go home between 10 and 11 o'clock he found ' the ghost' waiting at the corner of the hotel. Instead, however, of rushing at the dread object, his courage took refuge in his heels, and before he got backed up the ghost was gene. Many of the stories about the roost arc undoubtedly imaginary, but there is suffi cient reality about the affair to warrant us in urgiDgthat decided steps should be taken to stop the nuisance. So far no great harm has been done, but serious consequences may ensue if some person in delicate health or of extra nervous temperament is frightened. We hope the police and the town counoil will co-operate in ferreting out the miscreant and stopping his games.' The Hon. S, W. Griffith, the leader of the Opposition in Queensland received an en thusiastic welcome on his return to Brisbane on the 20th of June, after visiting England in order to be present at the enquiry before the steel i&Ue; commission. A large number of members of Parliament went down the river to meet him. Mr. Griffith said that some of the disclosures made before the commission were mofct lamentable, and that unless his ideas of moialily and honesty differed from those of ordinarily henest men he did not think tbe transactions could be justified. Mr. W. Hcmmant, who had originally petitioned the Legislature to enquire into the charges, was equally emphatic. He observed that in his petition he had spoken of the ^transactions com plained of as a fraud, bat he had since con cluded that they involved a conspiracy. The statements subsequently made at a public meeting at the Brisbane Town Hall were con eidered by the Premier as sufficiently important to warrant an immediate correction. Mr. T. M'llwraith accordingly addressed the following letter to the Brisbane. Courier:— 'to. his speech at the town hall, Mr. Griffith is reported to have eaid, ttat the greatest obstacles were thrown in his way, and the most strenuous tfioits were made bj the gentlemen who represented Mr. M'llwraith as his counsel to exclude him (Mr.Grif6th)fromtheenquiry,but they were unsuccessful, and he was there. For this statement there is no foundation in fact. My counsel were instructed that Mr. Griffith would appear and be present daring the pro ceedings. Neither to me nor any body else did they ever express any objection to his presence, and so far from trying to exclude him, their most strenuous exertions were used to make him take a more prominent part than he seemed inclined to do. Aa to another statement made by Mr. Giifnth that the 'most strenuous efforts were made to exclude most important evidence,* this is an iUosion sure to be dispelled when the evidence, is cnMinhnd. The. Commistionera' report, with evidence, is on board tire Oucco, and will be printed m soon as her mai de livered.' 