GLENELG: THB MARINE BOABD AND BETBENCHMENT. TO TJH tmiTOB. sir— Although the Hoo. the Treasurer has not yet formally replied to the deputation about the light at Glenelg, it may not be improper for me to make an observation or two respecting the proceeuujgs ac me marine uoara. xo some they may be heavy reading ; to me they were last week exceedingly light and entertaining. I am pleased to see the Harriet Hope hulk, that dreadful specimen of naval architecture, ii to be sent to Port Augusta. Whether there ia to be a fixed light at the Bay or not, the waters at Glenelg will not look less lively when that hideous craft has gone away. Bat one member of the Board says, ' if the people at Glenelg want to show their patriotism let them pay fcr a light.' The President says Mr. William Hill did a very improper thing in signalling a paasing vessel from a flagstaff erected on shore on the tower of an ecclesia&tioal-; looking structure. Suppose a member of the Corporation not less given to vagaries than the other members of that eminent body were to invest in a lightship and anchor it out three quarters of a mile from the Jetty, and pay the expense of this light out of his own pocket, what would the Marine Board say ? The Port people are so very alarmed lest vessels should stand in for Holdfast Bay and miss the ^luxury of coming up that Port Creek by gaslight. X dont know, with the world-wide renown of Holdfast Bay, and whilst any of Flinders's charts are extant, the educated British mariner will forget Glenelg, and perhaps it ia a waste of public money to u paint the lily or gild tha rose.' But let us hope the £300 per annnm (if that is all it costs) spent in the ridicu lous gaslights burning day and night in the Port Creek will be saved. Those gaslights, which, by-the-way,* blow out every windy night when they are most wanted (if wanted at all), are a laughing-stock to every, seafaring man who comes here. If Mr. William Hill must not hoist his house flag and amuse himself in a harmless way, utilizing his ornamental flagstaff, could we not save the annual expenditure of that antiquated flagstaff at West-terrace— a very useful in vention when there were very few settlers and very few houses in Adelaide ; but of no earthly use now, and never looked at except by the ghosts of the departed. When Parliament meets I hope Mr. Tomkinson will not forget bis pledges about retrenchment, and I hope your long ** Hansard' reports will not be the means of excluding or curtailing the very interesting records of the proceedings of the Marine Board, which every one should read. I am, Sir, &c.; May 24. LAUGHING SKAGULt. [We believe we are right in saying that the Marine Board have long since abandoned the use of gas for the beacons in the Port Creek.— Ed.] 