MARY MAR8T0N. BY DR. GEORGB MAODONALD. CHAPTER XLIX. THOBNWICK. It was almost with bewilderment that Mrs. Helmer revisited Thornwick. The near past seemed to have vanished like a dream that leaves a sorrow behind it, and the far past to take its place. She had never been accustomed to reflect on her own feelings; things came, were welcome or unwelcome, proved better or worse than she bad anticipated, passed away, and were m istly forgotten. With plenty of faculty, Letty had not yet emerged from the cbrysalid condition; she lived much as ooe in a dream, with whose dream mingle sonnds and glimmers from the waking world. Very few of us are awake, very few even alive in true, availing sense. " Pooh! what stuff!" says the sleeper, and will say it until the waking begins to come. On the threshold of her old home then, Letty found her old self awaiting her; she crossed it, and was once more just Letty, a Letty wrapt in the garments of sorrow, aud with a heaviness at tbe heart, but far from such a miserable Letty as during tbe last of her former life there. Little joy had been hers since the terrible night when she fled ftom its closed doors; and now that the returned, she could take up every thing where she had left it, except the glad ness. But peace is better than gladness, and she was on the way to find that. Mrs. Wardour, who, for all her severity, was not without a good-sized heart, and whose conscience had spoken to her In regard of Letty far oftener than any torture would have made her allow, was touched with compassion at sight of her worn and sad look; and, granting to her self that the poor, thing had been punished enough, even for her want of respeot for the house of Thornwick, broke down a little, though with well preserved dignity, and took the wandering ewe-lamb to her bosom. _ Letty, loving and forgiving always, nestled in it for a moment, and in her own room quietly wept a long time. When she came out, Mrs. Wardour pleased herself with the fancy that her eyes were red with the tears of repentance; but Letty never dreamed of repenting, for that would have been to deny Tom, to cut off her married life, throw it from her, and never more see Tom. By degrees, rapid yet easy, she slid into all her old ways; took again the charge of the dairy as if she had never left it; atten ded to the linen; darned the stockingB; and in everything but her pale, thin face, and heavy exhausted heart, was the young Letty again. She even went to the harneBs-room, to look to OouBin Godfrey's stirrups and bits; but finding morning after morniDg for a whole week that they bad not once been neglected, dismissed the care—not without satisfaction. Mrs. Wardour continued kind to her; but every now and then would allow a tone as of remembered naughtiness to be subaudible in speech or request. Letty, even in her own heart, never resented it. She had been so used to it in the old days, that it aeemed only natural. And then her aunt coDeidered her health in the kindest way. Now that Letty had known some of the troubles of marriage, she felt more sympathy with her, did not look down upon her from quite suoh a height, and to Letty this was strangely delightful. Oh, what a dry, hard, cold world this would grow to but for the blessing of its many sicknesses! When Godfrey saw her moving about the house as in former days, but changed like one of tbe ghosts of his saddest dreams, a new love began to rise out of the buried seed ef the old. In vain he reasoned with himself, in vain he resisted. The image of Letty, with its trust ing eyes fixed on him so " solemn sad," , and its watching looks full of ministration, haunted him, and was too muoh for him. She was never the sort of woman he could have fancied himself falling in love with; he did in fact say to him self that she was only almost a lady—but at the word his heart rebuked him for a traitor to love and its holy laws. Neither in person was she at all his ideal. A woman like Hesper, uplifted and strong, broad-fronted. and fearless, large limbed, and full of latent life, was more of the ideal he could have written poetry about. But we are deeper than we know. Who is capable of knowing his own Ideal ? The ideal of a man's self is hid [in the bosom of God, and may lie ages away from his knowledge; and his ideal of woman is the ideal belonging to this unknown self; the ideal only oan bring forth an ideal. He cannot, therefore, know his own ideal of woman; it is, nevertheless—so I presume—this his own unknown ideal that makes a man choose against Ms choioe. Gladly would Godfrey now nave taken Letty to his arms. It was no longer anything that from boyhood he had vowed rather to die unmarried, and let the land go to a stranger, than marry a widow. He had to recall every restraining faot of his and her position to Srevent him from now precipitating that whioh e had before too long delayed. But the gulf of the grave, and the jealonsy of a mother were between them; for, if he were again to rouse her suspicions, she would oertainly get rid of Letty, as she had before intended, so depriving her of a home, and him of opportunity. He kept, therefore, out of Letty's way as much as he oould, went more about the farm, and took long rides. Nothing was farther from Letty thau any merest suspicion of the sort of regard Godfrey cherished for her. There was in her nothing of the self-sentimental. Her poet was gone from her, bnt she did not therefore take to poetry; nay, what poetry she had learned to like was no longer anything to her now her siBging bird had flown to the land of song. To her, Tom was the greatest, the one poet of the age; he had been hers—was hem still, for did he not die telling her that he would go on watching till she came to him? He had loved her, she knew; he had learned to lbve her better before he died. She muBt be patient; the day would oome when ahe should be a Psyche, as he had told her, and soar aloft in searoh of her mate. The sense of wifehood had grown one with her consciousness. It mingled with all her prayers, both in chamber and in Oharoh. As she went about the house, she was, dreaming of her Tom—an angel in Heaven, able said to herself, bat none the less her husband, and waiting for her. If she did not read poetry, she read her New Testament; and if she understood it only in a childish fashion, she obeyed it in a childlike one, whence the way of all wisdom lay open befoie her. It is not where one is, but in what direotion he is going. Before her too was her little boy—borne in his father's arms, she piotured him, and hearing from him of the mother who was coming to them by-and-by, when God had made her good enough to rejoin tbem! Bat while she continued thus simple, Godfrey could not fail to see how muoh more of a woman she bad grown; he was not yet oapable of seeing that she would—oauld never have got so far with.him, even if he had married her. Love and marriage are of the Father's most powerful means for the making of his foolish little ones into boiib and daughters. Bnt so un like in many rases are the immediate con sequences to those desired and expected, that it is hard for not a few to believe that he is any where looking after their fate—caring about tbem at all. And the doubt would be a reason able one, if the end of things was marriage. Bnt tbe end is life—that we become the children of God; after which all things can and will go ifaeir grand natural course; the heart of ' the Fhther will be content for hie children, and ! the hearts of the children will be content in 'i their Father. Godfrey indulged one great and serious mistake in reference to Letty, namely, that, having learned the < haracter of Tom through the saddest of personal experience, Bhe must have come to think of him as he did, and must have dismissed from her heart every remnant of love for him. Of coarse he woald not hint at such a thing, he said to himself, nor would she for a moment allow it, but nothing else could be the state of her mind! He did not know that in a woman's love there is more of the apeoially divine element than in a man's — namely, the original, the on mediated. The first of God's love is not founded upon any merit, rests only on being and need, and the worth that is yet unborn. The Kedmaics were again at Durnmelling— had been for some weeks, and Sepia had taken care that she and Godfrey should meet—on the footpath to Testbridge, in the field accessible by the breach in the haha—here and there and any where suitable for a little detention and talk that should seem accidental, and be out of sight. Nor was Godfrey the man to be insensible to the influence of such a woman, brought to bear at close quarters. A man less vulnerable—I hate the word, but it is the right one with Sepia concerned, for she was in truth an enemy— might perhaps have yielded room to the sus picion that these meetings were not - all so accidental as they appeared, and as Sepia treated them; but no glimmer of such a thought passed through the mind of Godfrey, He knew nothing of all that my readers know to Sepia's disadvantage, and her eyes were enough to subdue most men from the first—for a time at least. Had it not been for the return of Letty, she would by this time have had him her slave ; nothing but Blavery could it ever be to love a woman like her, who gave no love in return, only exercised power. Bnt although he was always glad to meet her, and his heart had begun to beat a little faster at sight of her approach, the glamour of her presence was nearly destroyed by*the arrival of Letty; and Sepia was more than sharp enough to perceive a diffe rence in the expression of his eyes the next time she met him. At the very first glance she suspected some hostile influence at work!— intentionally hostile, for persons with a con sciousness like Sepia's are always imagining enemies. And as the two worst enemies she could have were the truth and a woman, she was alternately jealous and terrified : the truth and a woman together, she had not yet begun to fear; that would indeed be too mnoh! She soon found there was a young woman at Thornwick, who had but just arrived :aud ere long she learned who she was— one indeed who had already a shadowy existence in her life— was it possible the shadow should be now taxing solidity, and threatening to foil her ? Not once did it occur to her that, were it so, there would be retribution in it. She had heard of Tom's death through the Firefly, which had a kind, ex travagant article about him, but she had not once thought of his widow—and there she was, a hedge across the path she wanted to go! If the house of Durnmeliing had but been one story higher, that she might see all round Thornwiok! For some time now, as I have already more than hinted, Sepia had been fashioning'a man to her thrall — Mewks, namely, the body servant of Mr, Bedmaln. It was a very gradual process she had adopted, and it had been the more successful. It had got so far with him that whatever Sepia Bhowed the least wish to understand, Mewks would take endless trouble to learn for her. The rest of the servants, both at pummelling and in London, were none of them very'friendly to her—least of all Jemima, who wae now with her mistreBsas lady's-maid, the accomplished attendant whom Hesper had procured in place of Mary being away for a holiday. The more Sepia realized, or thought she realized, the position she was in, the more desirous was she to get out of it, and the only feasible and safe way, in her eyes, was marriage; there was nothing between that and a return to what she counted slavery. Bather than lift again such a hideous load of irksomenesB, she would find her way out of a world in which it was not possible, she said, to be both good and comfortable: she had in truth tried only the latter. But if she could, she thought, secure for a husband this gentleman-yeoman, she might hold np her head with the best. Even if Galofta should reappear, she would know then how to meet him: with a friend or two, such as she had never had yet, she could do what she pleased! It was hard work to get on quite alone—or with people who oared only for themselves! She must have some love on her side! some one who cared for her ! From all she could learn, there was nothing that amounted even to ordinary friendship between Mr. Wardour and the young widow. 8he was in the family hut as a distant poor relation—"Much as I am myself!" thought Sepia, with a bitter laugh that even in her own eyes she should be comparable to a poor creature like Letty. The fact, however, remained that Godfrey was a little altered towards her: she must have been telling him something against her—something she had heard from that detest able little hypocrite who was turned away on suspicion of theft! Tee—that was how Sepia talked to herself about Mary! One morning, Letty, finding she had Bn hour's leisure, for her aunt did not pursue her as of old time, wandered ont to the oak on the edge of the haha, so memorable with the shadowy presence of her Tom. She had not been seated nnder it many minutes before Godfrey caught sight of her from his horse's hack; knowing his mother was going to Testbridge, he yielded to an urgent longing, took his horse to the stable and crossed the grass to where she sat. Letty was thinking of Tom—what else was there of her own to do ?—thinking like a child, looking up into the cloud-flecked sky, and thinking Tom was somewhere there, though she could not see him; she must be good and patient, that she might go up to him, as he could not come down to her!—if he oould he would have come long ago! All the enchantment of the first days of her love had come back upon the young widow; all the ill that had crept in between had failed from out her memory, as the false notes in music melt in the air that carries the true ones across ravine and river, meadow and grove, to the listening ear. Letty lived in a dream of her husband—in heaven,u yet not from her"— such a dream of bliss and hope as in itself went far to make np for all her sorrows. She was sitting with her back towards the tree, and her faoe to Tornwick, and yet she did not see Godfrey till he was within a few yards ot her. She smiled, expecting his kind greeting, but was startled to hear from behind her instead the voice of a lady greeting him. She turned her head involuntarily; there was the head of Sepia rising above the breach in the haha, and Godfrey bad turned aside, and run to give her his hand. Now Letty knew Sepia by sight, from the evening she had epent at the old hall; more of her she knew nothing. From the mind of Tom, in his illness, her baleful influence had vanished like an evil dream, and Mary had not thonght it necessary to let him know how falsely, con temptuously, and contemptibly, she had behaved, towards him. Letty therefore bad no feeling ! towards Septs bat one of admiration for her grace and beauty, which she could appreciate the more that they were so different from her own. "Thank you," said Sepia, holding tost by Godfrey's hand, and coming up with a little pant. " What a lovely day it is for your hay making ! How can yon afford the time to play knight-errant to a distressed damsel?" "The hay is nearly independent of my presence," replied Godfrey. "Sun and wind have done their parts too well for my being of much use." "Take me with you to see how they are getting on. I am as fond of hay as Botton in his translation." She had learned Godfrey's love of literature, and knew that one quotation may stand for much knowledge. " I will with pleasure," said Godfrey, perhaps a little consoled ia the midst of hiB disappoint ment; and they walked away, neither taking notice of Letty. " I did not know," Bhe said to herself, " that the two houses had come together at last. What a handsome couple they make!" What passed between them is scarcely worthy of record.' It is enough to say that Sepia found her companion distrait, and he felt her a little invasive. In a short whiio they came back to gether,- and Sepia saw Letty under the great bough of the Durnmelling oak. Godfrey handed her down the rent, careful himself not to invade Durnmelling with a single foot. She ran home, and up to a certain window with her opera-glass. But the branches and foliage oE the huge oak would have concealed pairs and pairs of lovers. Godfrey turned towards Letty. She had not stirred. " What a beautiful creature Miss Tolland is!" she ssid, looking np with a smile of welcome, and a calmness that prevented the slightest suspicion of a flattering jealousy. "I was coming to you" returned Godfrey. " I never bsw her till her head came up over the haha. Yes, she is beautiful—at least she has good eyes." " They are splendid! What a wife she would make for you, Cousin Godfrey! I should like to see such a two." Letty was beyond the faintest suggestion of coquetry. Her words drove a sting to the heart of Godfrey. He turned pale. But not a word would be have spoken then, had not Letty in her innocence gone on to torture him. She sprung frcm the ground. " Are you ill, Cousin Godfrey ?" she cried in alarm,and with that sweet tremor of the voice that shows the heart is near. -" Tou are quite white!—Oh, dear! I've said something I oughtn't to have said! What can it be ? Do foigive me, Cousin Godfrey." In her child-like anxiety she would have thrown her arms round his neck, but her hands only reached his shoulders. He drew back; such was the nature of the man, that every sting tasted of offence. But he mastered him self, and in his turn alarmed, at the idea of having possibly hurt her, caught her hands in his. As they stood regarding each other with troubled eyes the enbankment of his prudenoe gave way, and the stored passion broke out. " Tou don't mean you would like to see me married, Letty ?" he groaned. "Yes, indeed, I do, Oonsin Godfrey! Tou would make such a lovely husband !" " Ah! I thought as much! I knew you never cared for me, Letty!" He dropped her hands, and turned half aside, like a figure warped with fire. "I care for you more than anybody in the world—except perhaps Mary," said Letty; trnshfulneBs was a part of her. " And I care for you more than all the world! more than very being—it is worthless without you. Oh, Letty! your eyes haunt me night and day! I love you with me whole soul." "How kind of you, Cousin . Godfrey!" faltered Letty, trembling, and not knowing what she said. She was very frightened, but hardly knew why, for the idea of Godfrey in love with her was all but inconceivable, nevertheless, its approach was terrible. Like a fascinated bird she could not take her eyes off his face. Her kneeB began to fail her: it was all she could do to stand. But Godfrey was full of himself, and had not the most shadowy suspicion of how she felt. He took her emotion for a favourable sign, and stupidly went on: " Letty, I can't help it! I know I oughtn't to speak to you like this—so soon, but I can't keep quiet any longer. I love you more thau the universe and its maker. A thousand times rather would I cease to live than live without you to love me. I have loved you for years and years—longer than I know. I was loving you with heart and soul and brain and eyes when you went away and left me." " Cousin Godfrey!" shrieked Letty, don't you know I belong to Tom ?" And she dropped like one lifeless on the grass at his feet. Godfrey felt as if suddenly damned; and his hell was death. He stood gazing on the white face. The world, Heaven, God, and Nature were dead, and that was the soul of it all, dead before him! But such death is never born of love. This agony was but the fog of dis appointed self-love; and out of it suddenly rose what seemed a new power to live, but one from a tower world: it was all a wretched dream, out of which he was no more to issue, in which he must go on for ever, dreaming, yet noting as one wide awake! Mechanically he stooped and lifted the death-defying lover in his arms, and carried her to the house. He felt no thrill as he held the treasure to his heart. It was the merest material contact. He bore her to the room where his mother rat, laid her on the sofa, said he had fonnd her under the oak tree—and went to his study, away in the roof. On a chair in the middle of the floor he sat, like a man bereft of all. Nothing came between him and suicide bnt an infinite scorn. A slow rage devoured his heart. Here he was, a man who knew his own worth, his faithfulness, his an changeableness, cast over the wall of the universe, into the waste plaoes, among the broken shards of rain! If there was a God— and the rage in his heart declared his being why did he make him ? To make him for snch a misery was pure injustice, was wilful cruelty! Henceforward he would live above what God or woman oonld do to him! He rose and went to the hay-field, whence he did not return till after midnight. He did not sleep, but he came to a resolution. In the morning he told his mother that he wanted a change; now that the hay was safe he would have a run, he hardly knew where— possibly on the Continent; she must not be un easy if she did not hear from him for a week or two; perhaps he would have a look at the pyramids. The old lady was filled with dismay; hut scarcely had she begun to expostulate when she saw in his eyes that something was seriously amiss, and held her peace—she had had to learn that, with both farther and son. Godfrey went, and courted distraction. Ten years before, he would have brooded; that he would not do now; the thing was not worth it! Hib pride was strong as ever, and both helped him to get over his suffering, and prevented him from gaining the good of it. He entrenohed himself in his pride. No one ahonld say he had not had his will! He was a strong man, and was going to prove it to himself afresh! Thns thought Godfrey; bnt he is in reality a weak man who must have recourse to pride to carry him through. Only, if • man haa not love enough to make a hero of him. what i» he to do? He was away a month, and oame back in seeming health and spirits. Bat it was no small relief to him .to find on his arrival that Letty was no longer at Thorn wick. She had gore through a sore time. To have mode Godfrey nnbappy, made her miserable; bnt how was she to help it? She belonged to Tom! _ Not once did she ebtertain the thought of ceasiBg to be Tom's. She did not even say to herself, what would Tom do if she forgot and forsook him—and for what he could not help I for having left her because death took him away! Bat what was she to do ? She mast not remain where she was. No more mast she tell his mother why she went. . She wrote to Mary, and told her she could not stay much longer. They were very kind, ahe said, bat she must be gone before Godfrey oame back. Mary suspected the truth. The fact that Letty did not give her any reason was almost enough. The supposition also rendered intelligible the strange mixture of misery and hardness in Godfrey's behaviour at the time of Letly's old mishap. She answered begging her to keep her mind easy about the future, and her friend informed of whatever concerned her. This much from Mary was enough to set Letty at comparative ease. She began to recover strength, and was able to write a letter to Godfrey, to leave where he would find it, in his study. It was a lovely letter—the utteranoe of a simple, child-like spirit—with much in it too, L confess, that was but prettily childish. She ponred out on Godfrey the affection of a woman-child. She told him what a reverence and love he had been to her always; told him, too, that it would change her love into fear, perhaps something worse, if he tried to make her forget Tom. She told him he was much too grand for her to dare love him in that way, but she conld look up to him like an angel—only he must not oome between her and Tom. Nothing could be plainer, simpler, honester, or stronger, than the way the little woman wrote her mind to the great man. Had he been worthy of her he might even yet, with her help, have got above his pasBirn in a grand way, and been a great man indeed, Bnt, as so many do, he only Bat. upon himself, kept himself down, and sank far below his passion. When bo went to his study the day after his return he saw the letter. His heart leaped like a wild thing in a trap at sight of the ill-shaped, childish writing; bnt—will my lady-reader believe it ? the first thought that shot through it was—" She shall find it too late 1 I am not one to be left and taken at will!" When he read it, however, it was with a curling lip of Bcorn at the childishness of the creature to whom he had offered the heart of Godfrey Wardour. Instead of admiring the lovely devotion of the girl-widow to Per boy husband, he scorned himself for haviug. dreamed of a creature who could not only love a fool like Tom Helmer, but go on. loving him after he was dead, and that even when Godfrey Wardour had condescended to let her know he loved her. It was thus. the_ devil befooled him. Perhaps the worst devil a man can be possessed withal, is himself. In mere madness, the man is beside himself:, but in this case he is inside himself; the pre siding, indwelling, inspiring spirit of him is himself, and that is the hardest of all to oast ont. Godfrey rose from the reading of that letter cured, as he called it. But it was a cure that left the wonnd open as a door to the entrance of evil things. He tore the letter into a thousand pieces, and threw them in the empty grate—not even showed it the respect of burn ing it with fire. Mary had got her affairs settled, and was again in the old place, the hallowed temple of so many holy memories. I do not forget it was a shop I call a temple. In that shop God had been worshipped with holiest worship—that is,, obedience—and would be again. Neither do I forget that the devil had been worshipped there too—in what temple is he not ? He has fallen like lightning from heaven, bnt has not yet been cast out of the earth. In that shop,, however, he would be worshipped no more for a season. At once she wrote to Letty, saying the room: which had been hers was at her service as soon as she pleased to ooonpy it; she would take her' father's. Letty breathed a deep breath of redemption,, and made haste to accept the offer. But to let Mrs. Wardour know her resolve was a severe strain on her courage. I will not give the conversation that followed her annonneement that she was going to visit Mary Marston. Her aunt met. it with scorn and', indignation. "" Ingratitude, laziness, love of low company, all the old words of offence she threw afresh in her face. But Letty could not help being pleased to find that her aunt's storm no longer awamped her boat. When she began, however, to abnse Mary, calling her a low creature, who actually gave up an independent position to pnt herself at the beck and call of a. fine lady, Letty grew angry. " I most not sit and hear yon call Mary names,. aunt," she said. " When yon cast me ont, she stood by me. Yon do not understand her. She ia the only friend I ever had—except Tom." "Yon dare, yon thankless hnBsy, to say sneh a thing in the house where yon've been clothed1 and fed and sheltered for so many years! You're the child of yonr father with a vengeance! Get ont of my sight." " Aunt," said Letty, rising. " No annt of yours!" Interrupted the wrathful woman. "Mrs. Wardour," said Letty with dignity,. " yon have been my benefactor, bnt hardly my friend; Mary has tanght me the difference. I owe yon more than yon will ever give me the chance of repaying yon. Bnt what friendship conld have stood for an hour the hard words yon have been in the way of giving me, as far back as I can remember! Hard words take all the sweetness from shelter. Maty is the only Chris tian I have ever known." " So we are all pagans except yonr low-lived lady's-maid! Upon my word!" " She makes me feel, often, of ton," said Letty,. bursting into tears, " as if I were with Jesus himself—as if he most be in the room some where." So saying, she left her, and went to pnt np her things. Mrs. Wardonr looked the door of the room where she sat, and refused to see or speak to her again. Letty went away, and walked to Testbridge. "Godfrey will do something to make her understand," she said to herself, weeping as she walked. Whether Godfrey ever did I cannot tell. 