BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. The victory of Iroquois and Foxhall, in winning the Derby and the Grand Prix, has greatly stimulated what they call " running races," in New York, and the meetings this season have been unusually successful. It has also directed the attention of the general publie to the superi- ority of running races, an a means of gambling, over trotting matches. At the bottom of their hearts it is by no means unlikely that five Americans out of six prefer a trotting match to a running race as a spectaole, but it is a tame thing to bet on. It is generally a foregone con- clusion that, in spite of allowance, a particular horse will win ; and in the auction pools you get little more than your stake if you back the favourite and he wins, while in the rare cases when he loses you are heavily out of pocket. But in a running race, with its dozen or more competitors, there are endless chances. Just at present it is very fashionable to throw away money in buying tickets in the French pools upon particular horses, and the gamblers are making a great deal of money. As soon as the memory of our victories in Europe has faded away, however, the general spread of this form of gambling among clerks and business men will cause alarm. The diseaso, however, will bring its own romedy, as soon as it has reached its height. The expression of tho anger and mistrust which the French occupation of Tunis called forth in Italy has boen prudently toned down ; but the sentiments thus aroused are as active as ever in the minds of the people, who keenly ro Bent tile isolated action which has risked a new re-opening of the Eastern question. Italian acumen appears, however, to have nlroady exonerated tho French people from all suspicion of hostility to Italy in tho North African im- broglio, rightly attributing tho annexation of Tunis to tho occult influenco of M. Gambetta, whom tho Italians style " The Busybody President," and who is believed by them to méditât© nothing less than the establishment of a similar " Protectorate " over the whole of the southern shore of tho Mediterranean. As France is already arranging a Franco-Tunisian trea'y of commerco which will effectually oxcludo all other nations from trade with the Beylick, it is probable that any overt attempt on tho part of Franco to annex Tripoli would precipitate a war, in which even Mr. Gladstone would fail to keep England a more neutral spectator. The Empress of Germany, who has been very ill, is now out of danger. Prince Bismark's health appears to be soriously impaired ; and his adroit digging of a pit botweon France nnd Italy seems likely to be one of the last triumphs of his unscrupulous activity. Tho personal estate of tho lato Dean Stanley has been Bworn under £84,000. The heroines of Nihilism, according to the Figaro, aro mostly daughters of poor army officers or petty civil officers, or even of shop- keepers, who, feeling the influence of modern times, aro anxious to rise above the lovel of their parents-coarse, ignorant pooplo in the main. Either by their own talonta or by tho aid of influential patrons, the girls gain scholar- ships and enter some high Behool, where their brains aro crammed with a heterogeneous maas of knowledge. At 19 they leavo, and in their turn become teachers. Finding their parents uncompanionable, they abandon homo for some wrotched lodging, whore they oko out a miser- able existonae by giving poorly- paid lessons. Food is scarce ; the feminine pleasure 'of dress is impossible, tho restraining power of family affection is absent ; they grow hopeless and dis- contented, when some day they form Socialist acquaintances, rapidly adopt thoir ideas, and having found an object for their lifo, with feminine rashness, devote themselves to the cause oven to the very death. Mr. Childers is now a name of woe to the British army. In his madness for reorganisa- tion, Mr. Childers, who a few years ago nearly destroyed all esprit de corps in the Royal navy, has abolished all regimental numbera. We shall hear no more of tho grand old 42nd High- landers, the 3rd Buffs, tho 18th Royal Irish, the famous "Dirty Half- hundred," or tho 50th Regiment, the 23rd Welsh Fusiliers, or the 06th-who died only last year, liko hornes, at Mniwand. All regiments will be formed into "territorial regiments," and old soldiers will look in vain for the gallant regiments they once were proud of. By the Gazette of the 20, July, a regular Black Wednesday for the officers came off, and is without a parallel- 55 generals, 66 lieutenant-generals, and 34 major-generals are retired alone ; while the changes in the lower ranks are even more than proportionately large. A funny cricketing incident is recorded from Whitehaven. Platts, the Derbyshire professional, while playing for twenty-two of Whitehaven against All-England Eleven, played a ball which got between his body and his shirt He vainly tried to dislodge it, and had the entire eleven in pursuit while he ran round the field. He was ultimately caught, and the ball taken from its lodging place, the umpire ruling that the batsman was not out. It will be agreeable to the many "Old Blues in the colonies to be informed that arrangement have been definitely made to perpetuate the memory of their distinguished, but ill-starred schoolfollow, the late Sir Louis Cavagnnri K.O.S I., by placing a marble bust of him upo a pedestal in the great hall of Christ's Hospital Mr. William Christie, who for many yent has taken an important share in the work of th Royal Observatory at Greenwich, is spokon c os likely to succeed Sir G. B. Airey in the offic of Astronomer Royal ,' The news of the conspicuous success whic attended tho great review beforo tho Queen i Windsor Park, will bo received with no littl satisfaction by Volunteers in all parts of th world. The need for organisation for sell defence has been so cordially accopted and si loyally carried out in tho largo proportion o British colonies, that they cannot but bo grati fled at this last and most convincing proof o the value of local forces. In the early days o difficulty, when drill was still defective and dis cipline nonrly entirely absent, detractors anc hostile critics said enough to strangle a movemeni of less vigorous vitality. But now the force hat won its way through bad report to an excellence which has gained for it the warmest enconiums oi the highest military authorities. To thepublished laudatory opinion in general orders by the Duke of Cambridge must bet added the unofficial approval of a great and practical soldier whe stood near the Queen's carriage as tho citizen soldiers of England defiled past the royal flag, The Prince Imperial of Germany, as the hero oi many hard-won fights, knows how to ostimatc troops accurately, and he was visibly struck bj the soldierlike demeanour of this niaguificen body of men The success achieved by th Volunteer Force is the best answer to the cr that this country can only be adequately d< fended by conscription. Compulsory servit can nover produce suoh results, and ti establishment of this fact ought to be sufiicioi to encourage all Colonial Volunteers to go c and prosper. Tho Irish (remarks the Spectator) aro voi angry with the consus returns. They show, is stated, that while the population of th United Kingdom has increased sinco 1871 t 35,500,000, an increase of 4,000,000, ¡that c Iroland has diminished to 5,150,000, a I loss c 250,000 souls. Iroland has therefore duoline from being half the whole kingdom, as she wa in 1811, to only ono-seventh. The number o houses is also less by 48,000. Of the total L mor than a million aro Protestants, the Catho!'' in Ireland not exceeding four million' less than 12 per cent, of the whole tion of tho two islands. The Lr' papers say the decline is due top ytfo. rule, the same process beginB to DO1 observabli Sweden, which is independent, and fairly ha] The truth ia, humble people begin to know they can be prosperous elsewhere, and they | Much of the great Irish emigration comes England itself, and much more goes to Americ in both lands they aro happier thou at hor What is there to regret in that 1 It is to noted that the two counties in Ireland wh. have increased are Antrim, where Belfast ofii work for everybody ; and Kerry, where t purely Celtic population is too poor even I emigration. Earl Granville has addressed a ciroular Her Majesty's Diplomatic and Consular Agei abroad, informing them of the decision of I Majesty's Government to make no peounk advances in future to ransom British subje when in no public character they are captui by brigands. Capturing Cook's tourist» will i tyejreforo pay, and brigands mott, in future o> fine their attention to British officials, but busi- ness will bo dull we foar. The London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing of Dean Stanley, thus rofors to his sermon on ",Dickens" :-"The same sympa- thetic feeling ran through the Dean's funoral sermon on Dickens, in which, after quoting from the deceased novelist's will, his profession of religious belief, the preacher went on to Bay : ' In that simple but sufficient faith ho lived and died. In that simplo and sufficient faith he bids you live and die. If any of you have learnt from his works the value, the eternal value, of generosity, of purity, of kindness, of unselfish- ness, and have learnt to show these in your own hearts and lives, then remember that these are the best monuments, memorials, and testi- monials of the friend whom you have loved, and who loved with a marvellous and exceoding love his children, his country, and his fellow-men. Thoso aro monumonts which he would not ro fuso, and which tho humblest, and poorest, and youngest hero have in thoir power to raise to his memory.' " Of all the Governors who have been in Aus- tralasia, none . retired from our shores with greater wealth than did Sir Henry Barkly. It is said that ho amassed, by land speculation alone, over £40,000, during his seven years' reign. A London paper says :-" Cigarette Bmoking is rapidly on the increase both in England and on the Continent. In France no less than 291 milliards of the luxuries are said to be smoked annually, a total whichgivesforeachday 805millions, foreach hour 33 millions, and for each minute 559,000. It is said that if all tho cigarettes smoked in a single year could bo placed in a line end to end tho series would reach a length of moro than two million kilometres, and would sufiico to go 500 timos round tho circumference of tho earth. This is startling enough in itself, but it becomos much more so if the total is divided amongst that part of tho population which is noticed as specially addicted to cigarettes. Even allowing for a rensonablo consumption of these smaller deli- cacies by the habitual pipo smokers and cigar smokers, wo shall havo at least 409,000 cigarottes per minute to allot to 370,000 smokers ; so that each one of them would have to keep smoking cigarettes at the rato of ono a minuto.' It is a sight worth seeing, tho construction of a railroad in mid-nir along the perpendicular bluffs fronting the rivor in St. Paul. Hundreds of mon for a distance of a mile or moro aro to be seen perohed along the edge of a precipice, en- gaged in cutting a sholf out of the hillside for tho short line trace of the Chicago, Milwaukeo, and St. Paul railroad. Somo aro digging, some shovelling, others rolling hugo boulders and blocks of sandstono to tho track below; somo are drilling holes in the rock for tho blasts that occasionally reverberate liko tho discharge of a battery of artillery, whilo othors with ropes round their waist aro suspended in places whore the danger of falling is imminent. Bolow, men are engaged in roinoving earth and rock from tho railroad track, a locomotivo and derrick assisting in tho work of lifting hiiae blocks out of the way. The contractors of this marvellous piece of work aro running two gangs of men, those at night boing principally occupiod in carrying away tho matoritl deposited during tho day. About 1,200 men are now working on tho niiie-milo short-cut, and tho amount of work ac- complished is simply prodigious. If all England and Scotland (writes the London correspondent of the S. A. Register) had been Buffering such weather as that of London thoro would havo been poor hopo of a good or op this year, but the solar wave seems to havo very definite limits Were you to got into a train at King's Cross or St. Paneros and travel duo | north you would bo hardly ten milos out of town beforo observing a perceptible chango in tho temperature. Last Saturday I had occasion to travel over the Midland line, and by the time I reached Trent tho summer appeared to have gone. It was not only cool and agreeable, but the sky was cloudy and tho wind sometime blew in raw gusts. As wo approached tho Border the omorald-grcen grass on the hilisidos told of very mild genial weather. ' Beyond the Border I was gravely assured that winter had not completely , ended yet. The nights were cold and sometimes frosty. Tho day was ushered in with storms, and you would be fortunate if theydid not hayo showers irJli»!« <?»»'"-TW«»» Cranmer hare " his branches " in common with the Authorised Version, making in this way the fig-treo masculine, notwithstanding the feminine gender of the word in tho original Greok-the names of trees being feminine, for the most part, in Greek as in Latin. Hero are a few moro unhappy specimens of tho way English idiom is so often sacrificed to tho Groek by the revisers, whose revisions al- most invariably betray a fuller familiarity with the language of ancient Greece than with the j tongue of modern England. On several occa- sions, for the " loud voico " in tho Authorised i Version they substitute " great voice," and they give us " waterless places" for "desert places, and tho " hell of Bro " for " hellfire." But one of tho most glaring instancos of the revisers' method of chopping and changing tho Authorised Version _ to suit the Greek will be found in Matt. xiiL 37, 39, whore tho revisers give us, " Ho that soweth the good seed is the Son of man ; and tho field is the world ; and the good seed, those are the sons of the kingdom ; and the tares aro tho sons of the evil one ; and the enemy that 'sowed thom is the devil ; and the harvest is tho end of tho world. " These addi- tional " ands," marked in italics, happily found no place in the Authorised Version, and by their omission it gained in simplicity and strength. Now, the Greek word hero rendered " ana " is not tho regular Greek conjunction hal, which prcoisely and properly represents our " and," but rather tho Greek particle " de, " of constant recurrence, and rarely if ever translated-but if so, generally rendered by "but." Why, we ask, have tho rovisors deviated from their moro usual method, and givon us so many '.' ands " in the passage quoted, when the original has not o singlo kai-the representativo of our " anoi.' " Again, it is a pity that the revisers had not con- sulted Borne English grammar or some English grammarian beforo they sent forth from tho Jorusalem Chamber as "idiomatic English" (-'t. Luke xviii. 6), " If ya have faith as a grain of mustard seed, yc loould say to this sycamore tree, Be thou removed, be thou planted in the sea, and it would have obeyed you." This is certainly more Greok in form than English, It is a further matter of grave rogret that the revisers have loft unrevised many terms con- fessedly either not at all understood by the masses, or altogether misunderstood by them ; such as "charger," "cumbered," ?' publican" (where wo ought to have had either "tax farmer" or "tax-collector"), "pinnacle" of the templo (for which we ought to have had " wing "), and many such othor words ; while they have aggravated their faults by adding new puzzles for simple, uneducated people, such as the word "apparition." In the last caso, as in many others, tho revisors have evidently had their eyo on the Greek word rather than on its English equivalent, nnd havo altogether ignored tho excellent advice given by Cardinal Newman : " Translation in itself is but a problom how, two languages being given, tho nearest approxi- mation may be made in the second to the ex- pression of ideas already conveyed through the medium of the firs'-. The problem almost starts with tho assumption that something must be sacrificed, and tho chief question is, What is the least sacrifice 1 Under theso circumstances, perhaps, it is fair to lay down that, whilo every caro must bo taken against tho introduction of now or tho omission of existing ideas in the original toxt, yet, in a book intended for general reading, faithfulness may be hold to oonsist in expressing in English the seiwc of the original, the actual words of tho latter being viewed as directions into its meaning, and scholarship being necessary in order to give the full insight whioh they afford ; and next, that where something must be sacrificed to precision and intelligibility, it is better in a popular work to be understood I by those who aro not critics than to be applauded I by those who are." I The stately dignity of the style of the Authorised Version in many passages is sadly i lowored by the changes introduced by the I revisers. Take, for example, " the boy Jesus," i for the Authorised Version, " the child Jesus ; " I " signs " for "miracles;" "release and yo shall be released," as a substitution for "forgive and ] yo shall be forgiven ,. " " what shall a man give < in exchange for his life!" instead of "what I should a man give in exchange for his soul i " i and "eternal tabernacles" for "evorlas'ing i luibiittions. " Now, in this last substitution tho ' .'revisers would have shown themselves much t 'I wiser in their generation, and more alive to the ' distinctions of English if not of Greek Bynonyms, i I by keeping to the words of tho Authorised i I Version, for the term iaíieniac/e carries with it a ] Isort of distinct connotation of what is Uansicnt ' land temporary, as the taburnaclo was only a « Ucmpo) aiy building, and as such oppoBedto tho i iiaiwion or the permanent abode and tho ever- i astinghabitation. So that "eternal tabernacle," < dewed from this standpoint, becomes a sort of J ontradiction in terms ; for if eternal, it cannot i io strictly a tabernacle ; and if a tabernacle, it < lannot bo eta nal. i Was it, we wonder, from a prosciont con iciousuoss of tho poBsiblo superiority of the ; ilder version in tho eyes of tho public, that the revisers altered the Authorised Version, "the old wino is better," into " the old is good," to i blunt tho point of any contrast which might be drawn botweon the older and the newer version 1 A very considerable number of the new phrases introduced by the revisers aro simply usurpers, and can claim no right to any position 'in biblical phraseology. Such phrases as the ¡" liberty of glory," " mind of flesh," "Ml of \fire," aro certainly very literal transcripts of the jGreek, but thoy como to us as utter aliens, which have nevor boen naturalised in our language, and aro strangers that frighten us with their strange looks and unfamiliar sound. Is such ¡phraseology, we ask, in harmony wi'h the genius of our language, or likely to bo under- stood by our people 1 Are these words tint those who run may read, and read with under- standing and edification ? In what sonso is the ordinary mind of the English Christian to I understand tho phrase, "tho liberty of glory 1 " DOOB it mean tho liberty that leads to glory, or the glory that is tho effect of liberty, or rather the glorious liberty of thoso who servo God with a willing heart?-though this, its best and | truest sense, is procisoly the sense most remote of all from the form of expression used by the revisers. Equally puzzling and perplexing is the now phraseology, "hell of fire." What will this appear to mean to J he ordinary reader 1 Does it mean a hell of fire as opposed to a hell | of some other kind, as to the Tartarus of pagan , mytholgy? or does it mean a hell of firo as i opposed to a heaven of fire ? We can undorstand r the firo of hell, or hell firo ; but really tho i revisers' new coinago, " hell of fire," is altogether i beyond our poor understanding, i One of the most unpardonable sins perpetrated t by the rovisers has been their uncharitablo i elimination of tho word "cliarity" from St. , Paul's triad of the Christian graces, and the i substitution of tho word "iouc." This is a very ' gravo offence alike against English religious i instincts and literary taste The word " charity " i is much too preoious, much too dear to the \- heart, much too sweet to tho ear of English ; Christendom, over to bo lost to the languago of . Scripture, and too deeply intorwoven with tho very fibre of biblical phraseology eyer to be torn asunder from it. " Charity " is " love," , but it ia Bom o thing grander and greater, more , glorious and more divine than " lovo," which : may be a more human passion, a mere earthly principle, a mere carnal appetite, a mero passing sentiment But " charity " is a golden coinage, expressly minted in the Christian Church, ex- pressly stamped with the divine imago, to mark it off from the comparatively valuolosj if not incomparably baser coin which too often passes \ current under tho namo of " lovo " on the lips 1 that speak the language of England. Hero tho Greek word ar/ape has confessedly two meanings: it means tho divine love which wo call " oharity," and the human affection which wo call " love." The Greek word, in these it] two beat senses, ia like a diamond with two facets-one reflecting, ' as it were, the brightness of heaven, the other a mere earthly light ; and the rovisers have clioBon to ignoro tho brighter and moro sacred reflection in favour of ono that is less sacred and less brilliant-mainly guided, as they havo been, by the erroneous principle of invariably render- ing the same Greek word by the same English word. In carrying out their rule of ' almost uniformly rendering tho same Greek term by1, the same English term, and this with little or no discrimination and discretion in crucial cases, the revisers have done uniform violence to the genius of our language, and a gross in- justice to its inexhaustible resources. Un- happily, they have most relaxed their rule in, cases of comparatively Utile import,, and moat rigidly enforced it where we lose much by so rigid an application of their rule. Now, two solid and unanswerable arguments may be urged against the revisers' canon and practico of uniformity of rendering. The first is drawn from the very nature of the Greek language', and especially of the Greek of the Greek Testa- ment, which abounds in words that have several meanings akin to each other, but widely different in their applications and value, such as " cfencAo," to convict and to contriucc; paracletos, the Comforter and the Advocate ; agape, love and charity.^ Now, if we adhere rigidly to the rule of giving to each Greek WON, with its various meanings, only one rendering, we do it injustice by ignoring its other meanings, and we further wrong our readers by giving them an imperfect and inadequate interpretation of all that the Greek word denotes and connotes. It the Greek word, like a diamond with many facets, reflects many lights and many lustres, it is only due to the English reader that he should have all these lights and lustres brought to his mind's eye, and the moro so as the light and the lustre is that of Heaven ; and if all the lights cannot be reflected in one passage where the word occurs, then the unreflected lights of the word should be reflected in other passages. Our next argument is drawn from the vory nature of the English language, essentially dis- tinguished as it ¡B from the Greek by the variety of its phrasoology, owing to its composite character and varied origin. Hence we have suoh bilinguals as " act" and "deed," " mirth " and "jollity," "sin "and " wickedness." Now, why should the revisers set at nought the rulo of their predecessors on this point, and forco upon the English language principles repugnant to its nature, contrary to its usages, which servo no other purpose than that of securing a dull and monotonous uniformity ? What, we ask, is gained, for example, by altering the Authorised Version, 1 Cor. xii. 4-6, from "There are diversities of gifts, and there aro differences of administration, and there nre diversities of opera- tion," into " There are diversities of gifts, there aro diversities of administration, and there are diversities of operations ? " In tho original Greek of this' passage nothing is made to turn by the writer on uniformity of wording, and there- fore nothing eau be lost ; but something can well be gained to the English reader by a diversity of wording, for this would break the monotony of the repetition. But, with a sin- gular and unaccountable inconsistency, in many passages where the strength of the argument or the beauty and point of the illustration of the inspired writer does turn on the repetition of the same word in a simplo or compound form, the revisers pass it by with silent contempt or in shcor ignorance, and thus do an injustice to the Greek and a wrong to the reader. Here is an examplo of what is meant. In St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians, who were famous for their architectural skill and celebrated for their beautiful temples and housos, tho Apostle reminds them (chap, ii v. 20-21) that they were mombersof the house of God; and he plays throughout on tho word house, telling the Ephesians that they were built up as a house on the foundation of tho apostles and prophets, Christ himself being the chief corner-stone, on whom the building of tho home grows into a huly temple in the Lord, for an everlasting house of God. Now much of tho point of the pissage is blunted by tho rovisors when they follow tho Authorised Version-"But yo are follow- citizons with tho saints and of the house- hold of God, being built upon the foundation of tho apostles and prophets, Christ Jesus himself being the chief corner-stone, in whom each several building, fitly framed together, groweth into a holy temple in the Lord, in which ye also are builded together for a habitation of God." Nor do the revisers show more respect for thoir own principle of uniformity of wording even in rendering our Lord's words, as in Matt. x. 26, where they repeat, as they often do elsewhere, the errors of tho Authorised Version-"For there is nothing covered that shall not bo re- vealed," instead of tho moro forcible and more faithful rondering, " For there is nothing covered which shall not be uncovered." On almost every page of the work the revisers have violated their own rule of uniformity of rondering, as when they givo us at different passages, for ono and the same Greek word, tho following different renderings:-"Holy Ghost, Holy Spirit;" I " bom, conceived ; " " bidden, commandod, I appointed." I If the revisers had boon faithful to their own ( ideal, and consistent with their own rules of ? uniformity of wording, they could not have so ' porsistently ignored tho cognato constructions ' which are so frequent in tho original. This * construction, which adds precision and beauty to ' passagos, is by no means an alion to our own ' Innguage, for wo use it in such phrases as die the ' death, fight the fight, sing tlut song. In our ' Lord's Sermon on the Mount the revisers give us, and rightly give tis, " Swear not by the ' earth, for it is the footstool of his feet "-precisely 1 as wo find it in the Greok. Tho same construe- ' tion, when found in many other passages, is ' altogether ignored by them, as when they give 1 us, "uncovered the roof instead of "unroofed the roof," and " no man putteth a pieco of undressed ' cloth" for " no man patcheth a i¡atch ;" or again, ' in tho Second Epistle to the Thessalonians, they ' render " for we hoar of somo that walk among ' you disorderly, that work not at all, but are oils;/ bodies," where the Greek is very forcible, ' and means "that do not mind their own business, but busy themselves about other people's ' business." Hore the rendering of tho revisers ' not only dulls tho point of the original, by refusing to recognise its cognato form of ' presentation, but actually misrepresents the ' sense ; for tho Apostle does not complain of the indolence or idleness of tho Thessalonians, but ho docs complain of their working or busying themselves with what was not their own business, and for such unnecessary business, neglecting their own business. ' A mongst the most striking sins of omission perpetrated by the revisers Is thoir rondoring of St. Mark's Gospel, chap. vii. 20, whore thoy have left tho Authorised Version unrevisod, and have rondered " now the woman was a Greek, a Syrophoenician by roce," whioh is simply a con- tradiction in terms, for if the womau were a GreeV, then she WBB not a Syrophoenician, and vice versa. Hero the word rendered " Greek" should have been rendered " Gontile," as is olsowhere dono by the revisers, and this would have turned nonsenso into senso. The older translators woro much wisor in their generation, for Wicliffrondored tho word by " Heathen," and oven the generally inaccurate Rhoims version gives us " Gontile." If the aim of the revisors was to place beforo the mind uf English readers all that the Greek expressed, neither moro nor loas, it is difficult to understand the silent contempt with which thoy have treated BO many of tho Greek prepositions especially in composition, and the Greek diminutives, as well as the collocation of the Greek words. Hero is a sample of the treatment complained of : in St. Matt. i. 20, 21, tho Greok compound verb is simply rendered " take" by tho revisers, who would havo done it moro j na tico by rendering it ' ' take to thy side," for hero the word is technical, and marks a matrimonial usage. Tho samo Greek preposition is frequently ignored alike by tho Authorised Vorsion and the revisers, even where tho full point and precision of the sentence seem to turn on it ; as, for example, at St. Matt. xxvi. 53, the revisers give us : " Or thinkest thou that I cannot oeseccrt my Father, and ho shall send me more than twolve logions of angels 1" where the Greek means, " Thinkest thou that I cannot call my Father to my side, and he shall place by my s'de moro than twelve logions of angols 1" The two_ compound verbs hero nro both technical military terms ; tho former parakalcsai, implies summoning to one's side as an ally ; and tho second, parastcsai, is a military term for drawing up soldiors in CIOBO array side by side ; and both these terms aro in perfect harmony with the military legion, a Roman word for which in English wo should employ the term regiment. As a sample of the revisers' comparativo neglect of the Greek I diminutives wo point to St. Matt. xv. 26, "And ho answered and said, It is not moot to tako the children's bread and to cast it to </ic dogs," I whoro " littlo dogs" more satisfies tho require- ments of tho Greek and the context, Hero Wicliff and Tyndale and tho Anglo-Saxon version give us " whelps," and it Is to those earlier versions that Chaucer uvidontly alludes in his Friar's Talo Think« one the woman Canaan that said That whelpes eate some of the crumbes alle That from the Lorde's table downe falle. , It wonld, as a rule, be a dangerous innovation for,any translator to reproduce in his version the order of the original word* in every instance, if this were possible ; but it certainly becomes an imperative duty to respect the order of the original when in the language from which ho translates a word ia placed first for special emphasis, and the language into which ho trans- lates easily admits of giving the same word the same prominent position to which it is entitled '?Ordo vorborum," writes St. Augustine, "est sacraraentum." At St. Luke xxii. 49, the writer places the Greek word for a kiss first in the sentence, to call special attention to it, and 'r to connect it more closely with the previous sentenon. Hero the revisers render, "Judas, betrayest thou the Son of man with a kiss!" whereas the Greek order domands, " Is it with a kiss, Judos, thou betrayest the Son of man V for this brings the question of our Lord more in harmony with what went immediately before, " He drew near unto Jesus to kiss him." In St. John xviii. 36 the revisers seem equally blind to the emphatic order of the Greek, and give us, "My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world, then would,roy servants fight," whore the Greek order runB, " My kingdom is not of this world, for if of this world were my kingdom," whore the rovorséd order is adopted for omplmsiB. It is further,a matter of regret that the revisers almost uniformly reject the usage of the Greek cmpluitic article, which so often sharpens the point, and clothes with beauty the terms to which it is applied. Thus, for example, in St. John's GoBpol, our lord calls himself, not, as tho rovisers, following the Authorised Version, give it, "the true light," "the truo bread," "the good shepherd," " the truo vine ;" but, as the Greok runs, " the light- the truo light," " the bread-the truo bread," " tho shepherd-tho good shepherd," " tho vino-the true vino." By some such reproduction in English of this emphatic form in the original the revisers would have done far moro justice to the Greok, and brought out moro the meaning of the Divine Master without doing any violence to the English language, which admits such emphatic UBages-as we find in Shokspeare's " farewell, a long farewell," " a frost, a killing frost ;" and in the most powerful pas3agos of our best prose writers, and of our groateBfc orators-as, fpr oxample, ia Burke's " tho medium, the ¿lily medium, for regaining their affection and con- fidence." _ I 