YOUNG IRELAND A Fragment of Irish History.* [BY SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY, K.C.M.G.] CHAPTES 'IV. — A BIRD'S EYE View of IRISH HISTORY. — (Continued.) While the submission of O'Neill was being com pleted, James I. came to the throne. There was great joy in Ireland at the accession of the young King of Scots, for -while he was still a pretender he had assiduously cultivated the goodwill of the trisfa^as a prince of their-own Milesian stock, and thereon of a queen who was reputed to hare died B martyr for tie Catholic faith. Now, it might be . toped, the nation would have fair play, at ipAnt. and even nerhans a srleam. of- court favour. But his English councillors knew that he could Fcazce hold the English throne if he made conces tione to Ireland, and one of his earliest acts was e. proclamation announcing that liberty of con science he could not grant. But though religious liberty must be refused, English iaw would be in troduced to erery part of the island, the sword be sheathed, and every man indiscriminately taken into the favour of the king's icsjestie.t In this liLp- py era the' Irish were destined to learn how 2H.UC& more destructive an instrument ttuin the B*TO?d that was sheathed is the inkhorn, when it ;??. r-:aced on the concil-board to frame Acts of .- r'uai.'-.ant and Orders in- Cc-jncil. Though gai ?:.«'. ???'Sturers could no longer, in ihs- language ???? vbts j .?:. . H - ?rnia, 'have the kiliicg.of scrue .??' '--i' t..- .?« ;:;oj ii;j.':s pastime, they might still, \' ? aey wco ekiliV.,. -:r joy much the same recrea tion, ia the way oi devising beneficial measures for the country. Bsfore quitting the Middle A^e.s it-will -be In structive to note, that during the era of tb& !f«dorfi, their agents in Dublin Castle habitually practised arts which we are taught to associate exclaeiveJy with Italian nobles and Eastern des pots. To cut off daagereus chiefs some wera trapped by proffers of friendship and made pri aoners for liie, eome were poisoned with gifts of wi&e; or food ssnt to them with profuse pledgee of friendship : others wera slaughtered on their own besvilie in the exercise of hospitality to their assassins, end many were inveigled to public con ?ieitncec that they might be more conveniently muitiered in batcbes. Not tbe Irish annals alone, but the Stats papers of the period supply conclu sive evidence of this system, and of the official suthority under which ic was practised. It helped,: doubt! ..ss, to .stamp on ihe native mind an ideal of Sassenach, duplicity which .Englishmen find revolt ing afld incredible. In tbe transactions now to be briefly described, and which, form the foundations of our modern history, English writers in general are agreed that the paramount nauon exhibited singular wisdom and benevolence. Through constantly changing and troubled tiroes they we:e always right; right when tLey did in Ireland the esact reverse of -what they were accustoinad to do at home ; right, by a singular good fortune, whea thz,y disragarded rules, of morality and justice, which elsewhere are oi permanent authority. Lord Bacon was of opinion, that a large settle ment of English husbandmen in Iielanc. able to £uard as well ae to rill tfce laud, would belp to aecure the interest of the Crowa ; the only ques tion was -where to plant them. O'Neill and Tyr comell had proved dangerous adversaries ; they possessed a textile territory, and *-& their ' loose order oi: inheritance ' had been duly changed into ' an orderly succession,' they were quite ripe for coniiecation. But they had been ostentatiously Eeceived into favour at the closes of tbo late war, ;iEd some decent pretence for destrojjDg tJjeni so soon was indispensable. It was found iu a letter conveniently dropped in the iDreciucts of Dublin Castle, disclosing a new conspiracy. Of a con spiracy there was not then, aud 'has not been ein.ee discovered, any evidence worth, recording : but where so noble a booty was to be distributed by rhe Crown, one can conceive bow ill-timed and disloyal any doubt of their treason would have ap pe&red; at the Court ei James, or of the Lord iteputy. They were proclaimed traitors, and fled tc toe Continent to solicit aid from the Catholic po^er? t Without dolay James &;id his couii sellc. ? Jt to work. TLe King applied to the City of London to take up the lands of the wild Irish. They were well watered, he assured them, plenti fully supplied withiubl, with good store of all the necessaries ior man's sustenance ; and moreover yielded timber, .bides, tallow, canvas, and cordage for tlie purposes of commerce. The Companies of Skinners, Fishmongers, Haberdashers, Vintners, nid the like, thereupon became Absentee Proprie tors and have drawn Irish rents from that day to t!iis. £22 counties in Ulster were confiscated, and not merely the chiefs, but the entire populntion dispossessed. The fruitful plains of Armagh, the rich pastoral glens that lie between the sheltering iiiHe of Antrim, the undulating meadow landa stretching by the noble lakes and rivers of Fer managh, passed from the race which had pos soseed tkem since before the redemption of man kind, i t is not difficult to see in imagination the old race, broken by battle arid sufferiEg, and de prived, by a trick of State, of their hereditary chiefs, retiring slowly and with bitter hearts before the stranger. The alluvial lands wera given to English courtiers whom the Scotch king round it necessary to placate, and to Scotch par tisans whom he dared not reward in England. The peasants driven out of tbe tribal lauds to burrow in the hills and bogs w«re not treated according to any law known among civilised men. Under Celtic tenure the treason of the chief, i£ he committed treason, affected them no more than the offences of a tenant for life affect a remainder man in our modern practice. Under the feudal system they were innocent feudatories ^'who would pass with the forfeited land to the Crown, with all their personal rights undisturbed. It was in this manner that the famous Plantation of Ulster was founded. The method of settlement is stated with com mendable simplicity by the latest historian. The ' plantators ' got all the land worth, their having; what was not worth their having — the barren mountains and trackless morass, which after two centuries still in many cases yield no human food — were left to those who, in the language of an Act of Parliament of the period, were ' natives of the realm of Irish blood, being descended from those who did inherit and possess the land.' The con fiscated territory amounted to two millions of acres. ' Of these a million and a half,' says Mr. Froude, ' bog, forest, and mountain were restored to the Irish. The half million acres of fertile land were settled with families of Scottish and English Protestants.' The natives were not altogether content with this arrangement, and their per versity has been visited with eloquent censure by indignant critics down to dur own day. There is reason to believe, however, that if a settlement of. Irish Catholics bad been made in England by Mary or James II., on whom the best lands of Norfolk and. Suffolk, Essex and Sussex, Sent and Surrey were bestowed, while the English were left only the forest, mountain, and morass, that that just and temperate people would not have entirely approved of the transaction, and might even be tempted to call it in question when an opportunity offered. The newcomers have 'been painted in unfavour able colours by critics not unfriendly to the plan tation, in many cases they were good soldiers or skilful husbandmen, who under more favourable conditions would have been an element of strength to the country. But the settlement had the fever of usurpation upon it. The rightful owners were forthcoming, And the planters held by no higher title than naked force; good as long as force was on their side, but no longer. Fences were erected, * The right of republishing- "Young Ireland ' : A frag ment of Irish History,' in New South Wales, Queensland, Tasmania, and New Zealand, has been purchased by the proprietors of th« Tony asd Coithtbt Jouekai.. +- Sir John Davies. It was at tbe opening- of this new erath&t; Sir John, then Attorney-General, made tbe con clusive admission, regarding the previous government of ths country, quoted is a previous note. %. In his ' Flight of the Earls' the Rev. C. P. Mechan has painted with, singular power and feeling the adven- tures of O'Neill and his associates at foreign courts, be- seeching help-in vain ; till at length weary of the hopeless task one after another laid down his weary head in a foreign grave. It may be noted that the precise offence imputed to the chiefs to justify an enormous confiscation in-. soliciting aid against their lawful sovereign from Philip of Spain. James, who considered the offence worthy otwEignal a punishment received agents in his own. court from the Netherlands, soliciting his aid against the same.. Philip, who was the -lawful sovereign of Flanders and Brabant quite as much- -as James was lawful sovereign of Tyrone or Tyrconnell. But one learns from a study of. Angla-Irish history to discriminate. When a Catholic nation invitee the asfirtanoe of a-OftthoUc prince they are, perverse rebels properly punished with the heaviest, SeSmwj bu« wheT«7 ErotestwtJiaisU*. inritea the,' ?wi*MS» «t ?Pro»«rt*Bti, prince tbegr aim gpaerous ^io^WH«tta»*h«»4i*tfo{ censoleaoe toSottotfy ^^^wtmaaiff^^^^^-r-r-T-.-r^-' — ? ? ? «v - i fruit trees planted, simple churches built, and after a time white walled bawns rose in tbe midstof waving corn-fields and rosy orchards. It was a pleasant sight to see ; but within a gun shot of the gay harvest and garden, the 'remnant of the native race, to whom the land had descended since the Redemption, were pining in misery and bitter discontent. The barren hills or frozen bogs to which they were- banished yielded little food except the milk of their kine. ' The mountainy men,' so the new settlers contemptuously named them, would have been more magnanimous than any race who have lived on this globe, if they acquiesced patiently in the transfer. Ihey could not forget, any more than their kinsmen in the Scottish Highlands, that The fertile plain, the softened vale Were once the birthright of the Gael.* If their efforts to 'spoil the spoiler,' and 'from the robber rend his prey,'* do not thrill sympathetic boudoirs, and if the scenes of their exploits are not the annual haunt of sentimental tourists, it is not because the exploits were dif ferent from those so favoured, but because an adequate poet has not yet arisen to interpret them to mankind.+ The abolition of the loose method of inheritance (by which Irish lands used to pass to the right owners) was followed by anothir amelioration, without which it would have been incomplete. When a Catholic proprietor died- leaving children under age, the king, lJike a true father of his people, undertook the charge of the orphans. A Court of Wards was established for the purpose, and as James could not get a wife out of Spain for his son, on which condition he was ready to ' kiss the Pope's panteufle,' he became an ardent Reformer, and it was ordered that the children should be strictly educated in the Reformed re ligion. If they- were girls they were provided with Protestant husbands by James or Bucking ham, This device proved a most successful stroke or State policy, and with the favours and blandish ments of the Court judiciously distributed, did more than the laws of Henry and Elizabeth to win over the old families. Education is stronger tban natural instincts or inherited opinions. The Janissaries were Christian orphans trained to be Mussulmen by the Sultan, and the most remorse less enemies of the Celt in the next generation were O'Briens and Butlers, Fitzgeralds and Burkes, who became more English than the English themselves. The experiment in Ulster naturally provoked imitation. Charles I. was as eager to plant as his father. He was represented in Ireland by a trenchant Lord Deputy, remembered in that country as ' Black Tom ' and memorable in Eng lish history as Thomas Wentwortb, Earl of Strat ford. Wentworth resolved to make a settlement in Connaught to rival the settlement in Ulster. The first business was to clear out the owners in possession. The wildest inventions in Candide, intended to illustrate human absurdity and wicked ness, will not match the pretences on which the forfeiture of these estates was founded. In the previous reign, when the king substituted 'an orderly succession ' for the Celtic method, the Connaught proprietors had duly submitted and paid him a heavy fine to have their new patents enrolled in Chancery. The officers of the Court, wilfully or ignorantly, omitted to make the proper entries in their books ; and this misfeasance was declared by Court lawyers to have forfeited the lands of the province to the king. It is a maxim that no man can profit by his own fraud ; but maxims are not made to bind sovereign princes. As tbe blessing of English law had been extended to the whole nation, it was necessary that this opinion should be confirmed by the judgment of a Court and the verdict of a jury. If a dozen of his fellow-countrymen found a Connaught pro prietor's title bad, calumny itself must be mute. Wentworth marched to the West at the head of a formidable military force; as ' good lookers-on,' he said, and accompanied by the necessary retinue of judges and lawyers to perform the judicial ceremony. Some of the juries were frightened into verdicts; some were wheedled into them, for to sharpen the persuasive power of the judges. Wentworth secretly gave these learned person ages a percentage on the forfeitures. But in vialway the juries were of opinion that, notwith standing the misconduct of the officers of Chan cery, the land did not belong to the king but to the owners, and found accordingly. Wentworth's method of encountering this difficulty may help to mitigate .our surprise that the Irish, people did not cordially love the system of jurisprudence, which has undoubtedly secured equal justice to many generations of Englishmen. The jurors who found a verdict according to their conscience, and not according to the wishes of the Lord Deputy, were immediately brought before the Castle Chamber in Dublin, and fined -£4000 each and their estates seized till the fine was paid ; a penalty the equivalent of which would impoverish many a noble of the present day. The sheriff who sum moned the jurors was dealt with in a more decisive fashion; he was first fined and then flung into prison, where he was kept till he died of the pro cess ; an example to future officials to array their panels more discreetly. |^ Nearly a generation had elapsed since the plantation of Ulster, when the troubles between Charles and his Parliament approached a crisis. The Scots rose against the king and invaded England in the interest of the Oppositon, and Charles summoned to his aid the army which Wentwortii maintained in Ireland ; &n; army re cruited in part from Irish Catholics. In tbe House of Commons this project evoked a storm of resistance. It was permissible to call a Scot tish army into England, and it was a natural right, which no one would be mad enough to dis pute, to send an English army into Ireland; but if an Irish army were brought into England, on any pretence whatever, that was an outrage suf ficient to release subjects from their allegiance. The Irish, who did not quite see the force of this distinction, began to bestir themselves. They beard of threats in the Commons that Popery must be extirpated. Pym, the leader of the Puritans in the House of Commons, boasted, it was said, that Parliament would not leave a Papist in Ireland. They noticed the successful rebellion of the Scots, they saw their old enemies in conflict, and the time seemed propitious to re gain their ancient lands, and to save such as remained from obsequious judges and panic stricken juries. Roger Moore, a man greatly gifted both to project and to persuade, and whom contemporaries of all parties pronounce of un blemished honour, brought leading men together, kindled them with his own convictions, and in line there was now a genuine conspiracy on foot to seize the seat of government and' summon the Irish race to arms. The servant of one of the conspirators betrayed his master, several of the leaders were seized, and the government of Dublin put effectually on their guard. But the North was beyond their control. There the clans who were pillaged by James, or their immediate de scendants, rose on an autumn night forty thou *- " Lady of the Lake.' t Such a poet may perhaps arise in unexpected places ; for-the Irish struggle has exercised a strange fascination over young imaginative Englishmen. Lord Macaulay began his splendid experiment in ballad poetry by sing ing the Celtic resistance to the invasion of Strong-bow ; Lord Lytton's first published poem. 'O'Neill,' had for its hero that unconquerable Hugh who so long baffled the arms of Elizabeth ; aad Southey has celebrated with pas sionate sympathy Robert Emmet, the last Irish rebel who gave his life for his cause. |> This was not Stratford's only experiment in manipu lating juries. The House ot Commons, on the occasion of his impeachment, cited among the catalogue of bis offences in Ireland — " That jurors who gave their verdict according to their consciences were censured in the Castle Chamber in great fines ; sometimes pillored, with loss of ears, and bored through the tongue, and sometimes marked in the forehead, with other infamous punish ments.' Strafford, who was a wise tyrant, did other work in Ireland, however. He got flax seed from Holland and workmen from Belgium and fostered a linen trade among the plantators, which is prosperous to our day. Fortu nately for Ulster, linen was not a staple of England. Straf ford's most notable proceeding is still to be mentioned. Though Charles's character as a compound of egotism, and faithlessness is one of the most familiar studies in English history, it may borrow a characteristic touch from Irish records. Before these transactions he appealed in sore stress to his Irish subjects for a grant of money; the Catholics took his wants into consideration and offered the sum of £120,000, provided that no proprietor sixty years in undisturbed possession should be troubled respecting his -title, and that Catholics should be allowed to practise as barristers without taking the oath of supremacy. Charles took the money and promised the graces (as they were named) which they desired. The Puritans, however, grew daily stronger, and to keep the promise of tolerating Popery, even in so small a matter as not cheating them out of their estates, soon became inconvenient. Some of the bishops of the Irish Establishment transmitted a fierce remonstrance to England against any concession to Catholics, and as Gharles was a good churchman and loved his bishops. he was sorely perplexed. But above all there was the glory and profit of making a plantation of Con naught no longer possible if be kept his word. Wentworth saw an easy -way out of the difficulty. Let him simply, not keep his words and he for his part was willing to assist so worthy a purpose by bearing all the blame. Charles's whole character is painted in the two facts— that he broke his promise without scruple after he had spent the money, and thankfully accepted Strafford's offer to stand between him and the infamy he had incurred. . sand strong, led by Sir Phelim O'Neill and other chiefs of their own blood, drove ;out the English and Scotch settlers, and repossessed themselves of their ancient tribal lands. This is the trans action known to English writers as the ' Great Popish Rebellion,' and the ' Popish Massacre.' By whatever contumelious nickname it may be branded, what happened in Ireland is what would have happened in any branch of tbe human family. When a favourable opportunity offered they ' spoiled the spoiler.' So the Saxons dealt with their Norman conquerors, as fur as their power and opportunity permitted, and the Dutch with their Spanish, conquerors, and the Sicilians with their Pfreach conquerors. Though there were dreadful excesses committed by both parties in the end, it is certain beyond all con troversy, that the first aim of the Irish was to regain their own without any sacrifice of life. On the night of the rising, and during the six days that followed, only one man was killed — a fact which stamps with complete certainty their original purpose. When blood is shed it is like kindling the prairie ; no one can any longer pre tend to limit the devastation. But there were some signal instances of moderation. Certain priests, it is recorded, concealed fugitives under their altars,* and a bishop of the Protestant Establishment, who had distinguished himself by humane conduct in his day of power, was per mitted, in the very focus of the insurrection, to fill his house with English settlers, and shelter them from all molestation. The contemporary accounts of the transaction are quite as untrust worthy as the narratives of Titus Oates and his confederates. Tbe settlers depehded absolutely on the support of England for maintaining their position. Many of them had suffered greviously, and the remainder were in danger of losing the fruit of all their toil and enterprise. What sort of stories they sent to Westminster under such circumstances, to inflame the zeal of their par tizans, may be conceived. All Puritan England was ready to believe, and eager to hear new marvels of Irish iniquity. Pious tears and rage were excited by a description of the ghosts of murdered Protestants appealing in broad day light, day after day, on the bridge of Portadown, wringing their hands and uttering piercing shrieks- for-an avenger. One peculiarly stubborn ghost held his ground for more than a month. A bishop was among the witnesses of these impres sive facts, which exhibited, as one can conceive, Heaven itself among the allies of the plantators. The tbeory finally adopted, by English and Anglo-Irish writers generally, with respect to this transaction, wben the clouds of prejudice and misrepresentation were blown away, is perplexing to human reason. To seize the hereditary lands of the Irish race, and drive out the inhabitants from the pastoral valleys and rich alluvial plains which they and theirs had enjoyed since tbe dawn of history, was a wise stroke of statesman ship it seems ; but to seize the same lands occu pied for a single generation by English settlers, and drive out the inhabitants, in order to replace tbe original population in their own possessions, was a crime of incredible creed and cruelty. Fairly judged at this day, it must be admitted that the transfer of the land back to its original owners was made with as little premeditated violence as in any agrarian revolution with which itcan be fairly brought into comparison. Bloody reprisals were the custom of the age. In the Netherlands, in Italy, and in France, the faction of the Catholics and the faction of the Reformers killed and ravaged without remorse. That a race whose chiefs had been trapped like wild beasts, or assassinated in the very offices of hospitality, among whom the tragedy of the Pacata Hibernia and the kindred tragedy of the Plantation were performed, should have been strung into no deadlier a humour will be for ever a marvel to men vrho have studied human history and. human nature. Tne outrages shamefully exaggerated were no part of the original design. The rising when it fell under the guidance of Roger O'Moore, finally swelled into a revolution, had its parlia ment at Kilkenny to which Charles sent ambassa dors, and its armies in the field, to which in the end he would gladly have committed his cause, and conducted its measures with notable clemency and moderation.t In the Irish Parliament, called tbe Confedera tion of Kilkenny, the Catholics of both races were fully represented. Owen O'Neil, known in Irish annals as Owen Roe, a soldier who had acquired skill and experience in the armies of Spain, came to the aid of his countrymen. Throughout the war lie exhibited sagacity, soldiership, and pat riotism, but he was constantly thwarted by the Anglo-Irish, who were more solicitous for the security of Charles than for the rights of the nation. It is the glory of Hampden and Falkland to have loved England better than they loved the king; and Owen Roe certainly loved Ireland better than he loved the king. The Pope sent a nuncio to aid the Irish with his advice, and with. the nuncio came some help in money and arms. It is not necessary to follow through its varying fortunes a war which the Confederate Catholics maintained for six stormy years.^ They were fighting for freedom of conscience, as the Scots at the same time were fighting for it ; as the Dutch somewhat earlier had fought for it. They did not succeed in escaping from bondage, but the wrath of their keepers at the attempt deserves the sympathy of mankind in the same measure as the rage of a slave-driver whose tranquility has been disturbed by unexpected resistance to the lash. When Charles was deposed and executed, Crom well carried his victorious array across the Channel to conquer Ireland for the Commonwealth. His campaign was as coldly merciless as was Alva's in the Netherlands, or Carew's in Desmond. We are assured on high authority that he was in truth a humane and beneficent ruler, who only struck hard because it was necessary to execute divine justice on the authors of the Ulster rising. In pursuance of this meritorious policy he be- seiged Drogheda, which was held for the king, and put to the sword the entire garrison, and the population of all ages and both sexes, nobody being spared. The massacre continued for two days. It is admitted that between three and four thousand persons were butchered in cold blood; and a score or two of the inhabitants who alone escaped were sent as slaves to the tobacco planta tions. Among the garrison was an English regiment commanded by an English cavalier, and as Drogheda always lay within the English Pale, where the native Irish were long forbidden to inhabit a walled town, the traders and citizens were almost without exception Catholics of Eng lish blood. What Cromwell actually did was to kill certain Englishmen and Anglo-Irishmen in order to punish the offence or O'Neills and O'Reillys, Maguires and MacMahons. The ac count of the transaction which he sent to England was that it was a righteous judgment executed ' on the barbarous wretches who had imbued their hands in so much innocent blood.'' He re peated this lesson of divine justice at Wexford. There the garrison and population were Irish, but Irish of the South. There is no reason to believe that it contained one soldier or citizen who had ever crossed the Boyne, or been any more associated with Sir Phelim O'Neill than with Praise God Barebones. The modern justification for these massacres is somewhat defective in its foundation of facts § Cromwell was now undisputed master, and a period followed which we are exhorted to recog nise as the sole era when an authentic God-given ruler made divine justice prevail in the land. Of his divine government of Ireland the naked facts are these : Two years after the war was at an end, and when the fighting men of Ireland to * Ireland's ''History of Ireland.' Leland was a Pro fessor of Trinity College. Dublin, and a Chaplain to the I»ord-Lientanant in the time of George III. The Scotch were treated with peculiar forbearance. The Irish made, proclamation, on pain of death, that no Scotsman should be molested ill, body, goods, or lands. — 'Carte's Ormond, L, 178.' f Unless on the hypothesis that there is a separate scheme of divine and human justice, and a separate law of nature applicable to Ireland, it is difficult to account for the contradictory judgment which a man ordinarily so wise and just as Mr. Carlyle applies to nearly identical circumstances in Ireland and France.. In Ireland the agricultural population, driven wild by pillage and oppres sion, rose and repossessed themselves of lands recently taken from them, and in the process committed and en dured cruel excesses. In France the agricultural popula tion, also long oppressed and pillaged, rose and burned the chateaux of the noblesse, who had possessed them for centuries, killed the owners whenever they could find them, and when their partisans were in prison rose in conjunction with a city mob and murdered them in cold blood. Of the Irish transaction Mr. Carlyle has written a vehement and unmeasured condemnation. Of the French massacre he says 'Horrible in lands that had known equal justice. Not so unnatural in lands that had never known it. Le sang gut eouU est il done si pur? asks Barnave, intimating that the gallows though by irregular methods has its own.' — Carlyle's ' French Revolution. X Before the close of the war Owen Roe suddenly died- poisoned, as it was somewhat rashly concluded. The age of poisoning was passed. § See Cromwell's 'Declaration for the undeceiving of deluded people,' in a note at the end of the chapter. the number of 40,000 had been encouraged to take service with Spain, he drove out by beat of drum the entire Catholic population of three pro vinces, excepting only hinds useful to hold the plough or herd the flocks of the conqueror. Aged men and women, feeble and sickly persons, many who were protected by general treaties, others who were protected by special terms of submission, some who had received personal guarantees for personal services, were driven across the Shannon, to find a shelter if they could among the bogs of Connaught, and their lands divided among his soldiery! Peers and knights who had fought for the king, to whom they had sworn allegiance, were held by the representative of divine justice to have incurred this penalty. If they returned they became liable to be banged without trial. Of the children of the poorer people, seized in a rape like Herod's, he caused 1000 boys to be sold as slaves in the West Indies, and 1000 innocent Irish girls to be sent to Jamaica, to a fate which would scarcely be adequately avenged if the authentic ruler spent an eternity in the region to which cavalier toasts consigned him. The admitted aim of the Lord Protector was to extirpate the Irish race, and his policy is still known among them as the ' Curse of Cromwell.' If this be indeed the art of divine government, it was afterwards prac tised more successfully in the fusillades and noyades of the French Jacobins, and in the Bul garian atrocities painted by a modern statesman ; and it reaches its perfection in the management of a prize by pirates, when the crew are made to walk the plank and the booty distributed among the victors. Cromwell's conduct is still defended on the same fanatical pretences employed to justify the expulsion of the Huguenots from France, the Moors from Spain, the Jews from England, and the Christians from Japan, and the grounds are good for all these transactions, or for none of them.* Before Cromwell's policy was carried to com plete success the Restoration brought back the Stuarts. Charles II. having compensated or re instated a host of Royalists ejected from their estates in England, turned his attention to Ire land. The enemies of his house were in possession of the lands confiscated under Cromwell, and the friends of his house, the original proprietors, who were the last to lay down arms for his father, some of whom had shared his own exile, were in penury and destitution. It was a case needing prompt handling, and Charles handled it with unusual promptitude. To pacify the Irish Puri tans he confirmed the settlement of property under the Commonwealth. . That is to say, Crom well had given to his soldiers the estates of the Catholic gentlemen who had fought for the house of Stuart, and the restored house of Stuart graciously confirmed the arrangement. Charles would probably have preferred doing justice, if justice could be done without much personal inconvenience. But he loved his harlots and jesters too well to run risks ; and to do justice, in this matter was made difficult by a sentiment always powerful in England, a sentiment which has created a perpetual barrier between the two nations, and which while it exists will never suffer them to unite. His English parliament, crowded with cavaliers and returned exiles, would not have- helped him to displace Englishmen, though they were Cromwellians, and to make place for Irishmen, though they were Royalists. His impulse to do justice was at best not very strong. A slice of confiscated land remained at the disposal of the Crown, with which he might have made a provision for a few more of the worst cases of injustice; but his heart was touched with fraternal affection, and he gave the bulk of it — a hundred and seventy thousand acres and upwards — not to Irish sufferers, but to his brother James. + Although the cavalier par liament did not give back their estates to its Irish allies, it is needless to say that it did not quite overlook them. It compelled the king to withdraw a rash indulgence by which they were permitted to practise their religion. It passed a Test Act, by which no person could hold any office, civil or military, without subscribing a de claration against transubstantiation ; and as bullocks from Meath and Kildare brought down the price of fat stock in the English market, it declared the importation of cattle from Ireland to be a public nuisance. This was the reign of the ' Merrie Monarch,' a time of national enjoyment and revelry in Eng land, interrupted only by an English Popish plot and massacre in Ulster, over which history is so clamourous. The plot was the famous invention of Titus Oates ; the massacre, the trial, conviction and murder of his victims for eighteen months, whose execution went on merrily long after judges and juries had ceased to believe a syllable of the evidence. If the Catholic king, who soon fol lowed, had been strong and merciless as Cromwell, if he had slaughtered the judges, juries, and spectators of this massacre, and their contem poraries indiscriminately for the offence of being alive at the period, if he had sent men in thou sands to be slaves in the West indies, and women to a worse fate, he would be qualified to-day, doubtless, to be recognised as a benevolent agent of divine justice. When James II. embroiled himself with his English subjects by attempting to make changes by royal prerogative, which could only be legiti mately made by Act of Parliament, he sought support in Ireland. The Irish never loved James, but his present offences were not such as could reasonably be expected to move their indignation. He was a Catholic, and he sought to extend re ligious liberty to Catholics and Dissenters. If his method was harsh and arbitrary, the boundaries of royal prerogative were ill- defined, and nations have never been slow to condone offences com mitted in their own interest. A little later the strictest Scottish Whigs forgave William for sus pending laws by his royal authority in Scotland ; though suspending laws by royal authority was the offence for which his predecessor had been driven from the throne. James selected as Lord Lieutenant in Ireland, Richard Talbot, the head of an Anglo-Norman house which still remained Catholic, created him Duke of Tyrconnell, and gave him his confidence in a degree unusual to his frigid nature. Talbot is credited with a plenti ful catalogue of vices by English writers. It is probable that he was boastful and profligate, and perhaps unveracious, but he was certainly bold, resolute, and devoted to his master and to the nation he was sent to rule. We must judge him by his age and his contemporaries. He was far from being so unscrupulous a partizan as Shafts bury, the spokesman of resistance in England, and he was a generous and chivalrous gentleman com pared to the hero of Blenheim and Malplaquet. When a conspiracy to bring in the Prince of Orange began to be talked of, Talbot disarmed a large number of Protestant gentlemen, whom he suspected of sympathy with William, and armed and regimented the native population 'whom he knew to be friendly to James. What else, indeed, was an agent of James to do? The Protestant gentry were for the most part heirs of Crom wellian settlers, and hated James as a Papist, and feared him as a king who might call in question their title to their estates. They themselves bad taken much stricter precautions. When they were in power a Catholic was not permitted to possess the simplest weapon of defence; half a dozen Catholics meeting in Dublin or its neighbourhood constituted, an illegal assembly, and in country districts Catholics were not allowed to leave their parish except to attend the neighbouring market, in periods of alarm the precaution has been taken by every government in- Ireland before and since ; but so singular are the canons of criticism applicable to Irish affairs, that a noble historian who was a Cabinet Minister under Queen Victoria, when arms were taken from Munster Catholics and distributed among Ulster Orangemen, treats this precaution of Tyrconnell's as a grave and exceptional offence. The principal employments, civil and military, in Ireland, were necessarily bestowed, on native Catholics'. ' The highest officers of state, in the army, and in the Courts of Justice (groans Lord Macaulay) were with scarcely an exception filled by Papists.' ]: It was an intolerable grievance certainly, in a Catholic country, under a Catholic * The difficulty of harmonising the opinion of two nations, respecting representative men, is not less striking in this era than in any that preceded it. The Inspired eyes which saw the heavens opened could discern nothing but evil in Irish Catholics fighting for liberty of- conscience, or in Irish Presbyterians when they were troublesome to Cromwell. The author of 'Robinson Crusoe,' born to delight the youth of all nations, makes it a bitter reproach to Oliver that he abandoned the scheme he had under con sideration to expel the whole Irish race from Ireland, t There were nearly 8,000,000 aerss to dispose of without interfering with Cromwellian occupation. . Two millions and a quarter were given to Irish in possession, Irish of. English descent, Irish declared innocent, or saved under provisions in the Act of Settlement; to English courtiers or soldiers there were given four millions and a half. James got a great slice of the remainder. See Mr. Prendergast's invaluable 'Cromwellian Settlement.' ] Macaulay's ' England," Vol. n,. p. 70. king who had only a handful of Protestant partisans in the island, tbat Catholics were so employed. To be sure, in England, when James's opponents got the upper hand, tbe highest offences of state, in the army, and in the courts, without a single exception, were filled by Protestants, but that was 'bien different.' While the Prince of Orange, in correspondence with some of James's Privy councillors and generaie, was collecting on the coast of Holland, an army of Dutch, French, and German troops to invade his kingdom, the king summoned to his aid a portion of his army in Ireland, recruited like the army of his father in a large part from Irish Catholics. An army similarly recruited has since won memorable vic tories for England in Spain, Belgium, and France, in Africa, Asia, and Australasia, but the proposal was received with a roar of indignation, and a deluge of libels. At the same time two Irish judges, one of them recognised even by unfriendly critics as the foremost man of his race, were sent to London to make certain representations respect ing the condition of Ireland. These officials would have been received with distinction at Versailles or the Escurial ; in London the mob surrounded their carriage with burlesque ceremonies, among which potatoes stuck on white wands were con spicuous. The favourite jester of the present day, who ordinarily pictures an Irishman as a baboon or a gorilla, is scarcely more delightfully humorous; and the perversity of a people who do not love such charming pleasantries, has naturally been the perplexity of English writers down to our own age.* James fled to France and left his enemies in possession of England and Scotland. In Ireland Tyrconnell held the country for the king, and. sent him advice to head a French expedition to Dublin, where he would be loyally welcomed and reinstated in a kingdom. Louis XIV. gave him officers, arms, ammunition and a little, money, but no soldiers ; and with this poor provision he landed at Kinsale in the spring of 1689. The Irish received him in triumph ; installed him in Dublin Castle, the traditional eeat of authority, and the best men of the race tendered him their service. A parliament was summoned. It necessarily con sisted almost exclusively of Catholics. The Pro testants elected amounted to about half a dozen. The Protestant peers who answered the king's summons reached about the same number, includ ing three Protestant bishops ; but small as the num ber was, it was certainly in excess of the propor tion of Protestants in the country who supported James. The Government was chiefly Catholic also, though James had several English Protes tants in his Cabinet, but they were necessarily the minority .t The Irish parliament of James has been a standing target for slander down to our own day. Suddenly called together among a people who had slight experience of parliamentary forms, and who had grievous wrongs to redress, they conducted themselves with, singular moderation and good sense. They created an army and a navy, they established religious equality among all Christian creeds, they made vigorous efforts to foster native manufactures, and were the first to declare the fundamental doctrine which the Eng lish and the Irish parliaments reaffirmed a cen tury later, that the King, Lords, and Commons of Ireland were alone entitled to legislate for that country. This Catholic parliament did not pass any law inflicting penalties on Protestants for their opinions. Their fathers had been merci lessly persecuted by the Puritans ; they them selves and their children were soon to be merci lessly persecuted under a daughter of the king for whom they were in arms. Their fellow Ca tholics in England and Scotland at the moment were under prosciiption and persecution, but they set an example of moderation and for bearance nearly unique in history. The tithes paid by Protestants were ordered to be paid to iha Protestant clergy, the tithes paid by Catho lics to the Catholic clergy ; an arrangement which bears a favourable comparison for substantial justice with a settlement of the same question made in our own day. They did not deprive Pro testants of arms, or the franchise ; they did not ex clude them from parliament or the learned pro fessions; they did not forbid them to acquire -or inherit property, or to educate their children in their own faith, nor tempt them by bribes to con form to the religion of the majority. These were wrongs which they did not inflict, but which in the end they were destined to endure. It is true they restored to the lineal heirs the estates which Cromwell a generation before had taken from them. But they accompanied the measure with compensation to ionocent persons. In restoring the estates they followed the example of the English parliament. Under Charles II., a few years before, the estates of bishops and chapters, sold by the Long Parliament at fair market prices, were resumed without any compensation to the purchasers, and the bishops and chapters reinstated in them. When William was established in authority the same course was taken with the estates of Irish Catholics and Jacobites. It is indeed the course which any government or legis lature in Europe at the period would have inevit ably pursued. But in James and his Irish Parlia ment, it was a proceeding for wnich historical critics can find no conceivable excuse. The Protestants naturally sided with William. It furnishes a significant commentary of the fatuity of human schemes that the towns and for tified places in Ulster, which James's grandfather had established to maintain his authority, were now strongholds of William. The gates which James I. raised at Berry, Coleraine, and Ennis- killen, were shut in the face of James II. The transaction most honourable to the Protestant iuinority in all their annals is the fortitude with which they held Londonderry for more than three' months against the arms ot James. Neither the most painful destitution, nor the most favourable 'terms could shake their constancy. Fighting under the feeble lead of James, the Catholics were defeated at the Boyce, by an army composed of veteran troops, Dutch and French, who had served in William's continental wars and the English guards, accompanied by a hand ful of Irish Protestants. James fled to Dublin, and after brief delay back again to France. William got possession of Dublin and took im mediate action to strengthen his position. The train bands of the capital were purged of all Papists, and it was ordered that only Protestants should' be permitted to serve in them thereafter. This was a judicious precaution, and must not be confounded by a heedless reader with the action of Tyrconnell in disarming Protestants, which of course admits of no excuse. When James fled to France the Irish, disencumbered of his timid and meddlesome counsels, stood gal lantly at bay. The French officers recommended a capitulation, but they would not hear of sub mission. They maintained themselves for twelve months ia Munster and Connaught against the skilful soldiership of William and Ginkel, till they were able to make an honourable capitulation * While James was meditating- a flight to France, some good friend of the revolution indulged in a playful device of a more practical sort. A crowd of fugitives whose dress bespoke them ploughmen and labourers, rushed into London at midnight, shrieking- the dreadful news that the^ Irish army were in full march on the city, burning houses and slaughtering women and children in their course. Letters containing horrible versions of this Popish atrocity were delivered in' distant and widely sundered districts of the country at the same time. The citizens rose and armed in self-defence, and as no enemy appeared they passed the time agreeably in sacking and burning the houses of Catholic gentlemen and tradesmen. The enemy never appeared, and the story turned out to be a pious fraud; a partisan of the Whigs afterwards claimed the merit of having schooled tbe shrieking fugitives with his own lips, and written the letters with his proper hand. As the Irish army committed no offence, London was naturally indignant with them, for having given her so much trouble for nothing. \+ Lord Macaulay is disgusted at the number of O'Neills and O'Donovans, MacMahons, and Macnamaras who thronged tbe benches ; a phenomenon as amazing as to see Russells and Stanleys, Smiths and Brownes, in the Parlia ment of Westminister. Other modern wiiters have made the scanty representation of the minority a subject of re proach. How the Irish Catholics could have been so bigoted as to prefer entrusting their interests to men of their own race and faith is amazing, to writers of a na tion who two centuries later, out of five hundred and fifty representatives of England, Scotland, and Wales do not elect a single Catholic gentleman. The peculiar and ex ceptional law to which Irish transactions are supposed to be subject is a marvel. James took his government from the rank of his supporters for the most part. 'It was now,' says Lord Macaulay in a fine burst of indignation ' impos sible to establish in Ireland a just and beneficent govern ment; a government which should know no distinction of race or creed.' This it seems was a sort of government which it was incumbent on James to set up in Ireland in the seventeenth century. In England a different system of equity was doubtless proper, for tbe noble historian records with entire approval, that all James's appoint ments of Catholics to office were immediately cancelled by William and Mary, that English peers who had become Catholics were committed to the Tower for high treason, that before James had reached Calais the Popish priests were in exile or in prison, and no monk who valued his life dare show himself in the habit of bis order, and that finally Irish soldiers were not permitted to remain in England ; in short that distinction of race and creed was the cardinal point on which, the action of the administra tion in England turned. at Limerick. The seige of that city is a story of gallantry and devotion embracing all classes, and both sexes of the beseiged. But the Irish aa nalists record with greatest pride an incident that marked its close. Before the city was actually delivered up, the arrival of a long promised ex pedition from France, with men, money, and arms, was announced ; but Patrick Sarsfield, who was in command, considered his honour and the honour of his race engaged in completing the capitula tion, and completed it accordingly with a French fleet lying in Irish waters. Tne treaty of Lime rick guaranteed the Catholics tha same exercise of their religion which they had enjoyed under Charles II., and the maintenance of properly ns it existed at the date of the instrument. The bulk of the Irish army withdrew to France with Sarsfield ; a handful who remained lived as dis banded soldiers have lived in every country, by scanty supplies from friendly natives, and predatory levies off unfriendly settlers. The new government gave them a fine lesson of humanity and moderation, for ' every kern that was caught was hanged without ceremony on the nearest tree.' William's parliament took back the estates restored to the Irish owners, and reinstated the Cromwellian settlers or their heirs. If the reader desires to be in harmony with the verdict of English history on these transactions, he must be careful to discriminate, for that verdict is a little puzzling and contradictory. It was right under James I. to take away the land from the undoubted owners in Ulster, but it vcas an atrocious outrage for the owners or their heirs to reclaim it. It was right and righteous of Crom well to confiscate two more provinces. It was politic and proper under Charles II. to confirm this new confiscation by his enemy (though the contrary course was taken at the same time in England), and it was shameful and even fraudulent in James's parliament to reinstate the original owners. But it would not at all have been wise or proper for William to have followed the ex ample of Charles II. and confirmed the settle ment made by his predecessor. On the contrary, be was clearly bound to drive out the owners once again. If a reason why be demanded, the reader is to understand that the improvements made by tbe English settlers created a title superior to the original ownership. They claimed by the right of a higher civilisation — a plea which, if it be good, would justify Paris in seizing upon London, and London in seizing upon Liverpool or Glasgow. But he must not fall into the error of supposing that if the Puritan settlement in Ulster or Munster had been a French settle ment in the weald of Kent, or if the chances of war had enabled Baron Haussman to plant boulevards and open a Rue de Dorking in Westminster, that the principle would be applicable in such cases. It is only in force in Ireland. ' The treaty of Limerick guaranteed to the Ca tholics advantages which can scarcely be con sidered excessive. They weretto retain suchv estates as they possessed before James II. came to the throne, and to enjoy the exercise of their religion as fully as they had enjoyed it under his brother. But when the flower of the Irish army had withdrawn to France, and the remnant could be hanged without ceremony, the concession began to look excessive and even inordinate. The parliament of Cromwellian settlers in Dublin first passed'a stringent statute depriving the Catholics of arms, and another ordering all ' Popish arch bishops, bishops, vicars-general, deans, Jesuits, monks, friars, and regulars of whatever condition to depart from the kingdom on pain of transpor tation,' and then proceeded to consider the treaty. They resolved by a decisive majority not to keep the condition affecting the Catholics. William, who had signed the articles of surrender with his own 'hand, struggled for a time to preserve his honour ; but it is not convenient for a new king 'to be in conflict with his friends, and after a time he gave way. It the laws of public morality were not as we know suspended in the case of Ireland, the house of Nassau would lie under another imputation in this business, not less dishonour ing than the judicial murder of John de Barne velt, or the massacre of the MacDonnells at Glencoe.* Had this transaction happened in France, and the wrong been inflicted on the Hugenots, it is not improbable that the critics who have taught us to abhor the bad faith of the Bourbons and Bonapartes, would have discovered another suit- able text for moral indignation. But the ordinary English reader has not heard much of the capitu lation of Limerick. Still less does he know that the disregard of the public faith carried its pun ishment along with it ; of which he has not altogether escaped a. share in permanent public taxes. The bigotry which, by revoking the Edict of Nantes, drove an army of skilled artisans out of France, did not prove a more disastrous blunder than the bigotry which by repudiating the articles of Limerick drove a hundred and fifty thousand Irishmen into the armies of France during three generations ; soldiers who under Louis le Grand and the first Napoleon baffled the policy of England, and changed the history of the world at Fontenoy and Austerlitz. The names of great Irish soldiers emblazoned on the walls of Versailles, among ' les officiers genereux morts pour la France,' and of statesmen and diplomatists buried in cathedrals and colleges from Vienna to Madrid, and a host of less conspicuous names carved in cloisters and vaults in Rome, Louvain, Douai, and Valladolid, represens a lormidable force transformed by bad faith into irreconcilable enemies. When Anne succeeded William the minor pro visions of tbe treaty, spared in the first instance, were one alter another set aside by law. The Catholics were reduced to a condition closely re sembling the bondage which black slaves endured in the southern States of America. They were excluded from Parliament, from the magistracy, from the army, navy, and public service, from the bar, and finally from juries, and from the fran chise, all of which they had possessed under Charles II. The nobility and gentry in general sought a career in Catholic states ; the class who remained in Irelaad and the children they reared were disabled, from disturbing the supre macy of the conquerors by being reduced not merely to poverty, but to the worse bondage of ignorance. Education was forbidden. To become teacher in a Catholic school or tutor in a Catholic family was a felony. To establish or endow a Popish school was strictly prohibited, and no Papist could become an usher in a Protestant school. Many youths wera sent to foreign colleges, and to check this abuse Catholics were forbidden to leave the country under heavy penalties. Religion was more fiercely repressed. That no more priests might be ordained, all bishops -were banished ; and with them ali the religious orders. To return, or to introduce any foreign priest, was made a capital' offence. The secular priests already in Ireland were permitted to remain on obtaining a license from the Government, but after a little this permission was subjected to, the impossible condition of swearing that the Pope had no spiritual authority in Ireland. The means of necessary self-defence were taken away. Ca tholics were deprived of arms, and excluded from the militia; but a paternal sovereign enabled them to participate in the patriotic services of this force by paying twice, as much as Protestants towards its support. They could not build or arm vessels of war for the defence of their coasts ; but if tbe Pretender or any Catholic prince in vaded them, the duty of making good the injury inflicted was assigned exclusively to them. They were forbidden to purchase or inherit landt or to hold it as lessees, except on a limited and im perfect tenure. Children were encouraged to be come informers against their parents, by a right * For more than a century the violation of the treaty of Limerick was as common a reproach to England on the continent, as the partition of Poland has been a reproach to Russia in our own day. It will not be necessary, how ever, to have recourse to the censure of foreign critics or the recrimination of plundered Catholics to understand the transaction. As Act of Parliament was passed, styled ' An Act to Confirm the Articles of Capitulation at Lime rick,' and its character ia described in a Parliamentary record of permanent authority. The more moderate of tbe conquerors, and some malcontents who got none of the plunder, made a stand for public justice, and having failed to amend tbe bill, entered a protest on the journals of the House of Lords signed by ten peers and four bishops of the Irish Establishment. This document declares that not one of the articles agreed upon between the King and Sara field was fully confirmed ; that while it was the manifest intention of the treaty that they should be confirmed in favour of those to whom they were granted, the pretended confirmation placed the Catholics 'in a worse position than they occupied before.' That words were inserted in the Aot which were not in the Articles, and material words in the Articles were- omitted from th« Act, whereby thuir meaning and intention were altered. That one important clause which affected the liberty and property of the Ca- thoUcc was altogether omitted. And as this anxiety about }usttoe to oonqu«rea Catholics might saea a little unrea sonable and ill-timed, the protest terminated by declaring that certain Protestants who had purchased property, or accepted mortgages, on the luith of the Articles, would be wriOMly injured by the bro»ca of public faith committed In tha matron. of succession granted to any child of a Catholic who conformed to the State Church ; the betrayal of a Popish father or guardian being in the eyes of Parliament equivalent to baptism and confirma- tion. If none ot tbe children conformed the estate' at least was broken up ; on the owner's death it was divided among his sons in equal parts. The bulk of the nation were from that time a sort of tenants-at-will in their own country. But it is easier to enact a penal law than to enforce it. A few Catholics saved their estates by the aid of Protestant friends, for to the credit of human nature, there were always individuals more generous than the law. Priests and teachers were still found to brave all penalties, bourses were established in foreign colleges for Irish students, and the law was not always strictly enforced. The Puritans hated the natives with the same pious scorn with which the Castilian hated the Moor, and they were encouraged to indulge this passion without stint; but otherwise they were treated as mere dependents by tbe Crown. The population, whether'Cromwellians or Catholics, were subject to the rule which long prevailed in all British possessions throughout the world, that the dependent state on]y existed for the benefit of tbe paramount state. If they wove their wool into broadcloth, they were not allowed to carry the fabric to any market but England. If they' preferred to sell the raw material they were not allowed to sell it in any market but England. They smuggled it a good deal to France and Spain, and their lawlessness has not escaped bitter reproach. But they still find apologists in Ireland who insist that a bench of bishops, or the twelve apostles, would have smuggled under the circumstances. The Protestants of the capital who were of the religion of the court, and the Protestants of the Plantation, who were for the most part Presby terians or Puritans, agreed ill. The courtiers de tested the perversity which rejected bishops and dean, and might, it was suspected, on slight pro vocation, come to reject kings and nobles. The Established Church denied the validity of their marriages, constantly troubled them in the ex ercise ot their faith, and deprived them by Epis copalian tests of a fair share in the ascendancy' they had helped to win. The planters who had long kept watch and ward against the ' moun tainy men' despised the worldlings who spent their lives in witnessing state plays and ungodly dances, or in intriguing for employment and favour in the Castle yard ; and were never sorry to see Church or king in a little trouble. Among the Catholics there was no national literature ; no books of any kind indeed except a few pamphlets written by Irish priests or exiles on the Continent, and smuggled into the country. But an injured people have a long memory. By the fireside on a winter night, at fairs and mar kets, the old legends and traditions were a favourite recreation. The wandering harpers and pipers kept them alive ; the itinerant schoolmaster taught them with more unction than the rudi- ments. Nurses and seamstresses, the tailor who carried his lapboard and shears from house to house, and from, district to district, the pedlar who came 'from the capital -with shawls and ribbons, the tinker who paid for his supper and shelter with a song or a story, were always ready with tales of tbe wars and. the persecution. A recent historian, already quoted, cannot repress nis disdain that in those times — for this was 'the Augustan age of Queen Anne' — no great drama or epic poem or masterpiece of art was produced in Ireland; but it ia not on the gaoiers in this penal settlement, but on their prisoners that the critic's reproaches fall. Under the House of Hanover the penalties got gradually modified. The Irish Catholics took no part in the risings in favour of the Pretwnder ; the memory of the Stuarts was stained with bad faith and selfishness, and of all the Stuarts James was the most odious ; but though quiet at home their exiles had recently won the battle of Fonte- noy, and it was discreet to tolerata them a little. Priests who could furnish the surety of two free holders for their peaceful conduct, and did not outrage good taste by showing themselves in public, were permitted to perform their functions in by streets, and back places, provided always that they were careful to ring no bell, and; erect no steeple, these indulgences being abso lutely incompatible with the Safety of Church and throne. . The policy of the penal law, it must be ad mitted, was entirely successful. There remained, a Catholic people, but no Catholic nation. A host of historical families disappeared, and the few Catholic peers and gentry -who retained some fragment of their ancient property, were never heard of outside their demesnes. A hundred, years after the battle ot Auchrim a Catholic merchant pleading for emancipation, declared' that there was no longer any reason to fear a claim to the forfeited estates, as the descendants, of the ancient possessors had sunk into the dregs of the people and were labourers in the fields or porters on the quays of Dublin, or bepptrs in the streets unable to read or write, or piove their, legitimacy, or trace a pedigree.* No institution' remained to hold together the fragment of the Irish race except the national Church, which had braved constant persecution, nnd the humilia tion which is harder to bear than persecution — to watch over its flock. The Catholics, like tho Jews, excluded from political life threw their energy into trade, and a race of successful mer- chants at length arose, who bef;an in the time of George III. to make some claim to their natural rights. Their claims got listened to by statesmen and thinkers, but made no impression up on the mass of English opinion, till circumstances. forced upon the Government the necessity of bidding for their sympathy. When the American colonists took up arms it was noted that Irish Catholics, and still more Irish Presbyterians^ were conspicuous among their leaders. There* had been a constant stream of immigration from Ireland to North America for^orea generations ; a movement probably destiupa to ii;rlaence the' course of its history, in tha' end, jis decisively as the sailing of the Mayflower. After a time tha ominous words were uttered in the London par liament, 'America has /been lost through th& Irish,' as a warning that Ireland might be lost by the same agency, and they marvel lously stimulated the sense of justice among politicians. ' The Irish of English descent, though they en joyed a monopoly of power and patronage, had' also grounds of discontent. Their manufactures' were deliberately extinguished by the English Parliament in the interest of Yorkshire, and they had been wounded in their pride worse than in their interest. Their parliament in Dublin could initiate no business that was not previously sanctioned by the English Privy Council, and. was no better than a utensil for the minister in London. They hed not been permitted to forget that these were oppressions, and that for such oppression there was a remedy. Swift, in an anonymous pamphlet, taught their anceBtors the doctrine obvious enough now, but startling in those days, that they were entitled to enjoy with out exception all the rights possessed by English men in England. A reward for the discovery of the traitor who broached so dangerous a sedition was offered in the Dublin- GAZETTE, but no one dare betray the Dean. The philosopher Molyneux formulated the same claim, in, a famous treatise, which was duly burned in Palace Yard by order of the House of Commons,in London. Lucas, a vigorous demagogue, who believed in popular liberty provided it was restricted to good Pro testants, reiterated the doctrine in the Irish House of Commons, and had to fly from the wrath of the authorities on Cork Hill. The Ame rican contest turned a vague sentiment into a purpose and a passion. The coast of Ireland facing the Atlantic was swept by privateers bear ing the flag of the United Colonies, and Paul Jones in their name carried off a prize in the narrow sea between Ireland and Scotland. 'The Irish Executive were unprepared and helpless. They could only furnish ' a troop or two of horse, and part of a company of invalids' to defend. Belfast, lying dangerously near to the last adven ture, and they were compelled to allow that vigorous town to defend itself. They sanctions the formation of a Volunteer corps tor the pro tection of the northern coast, in which a landing had been successfully effected by the French less than twenty years before. The example spread: rapidly all over Ireland, and the Protestant peers and gentlemen ;who were then supreme, soon found themselves at the head of fifty thousand troops, clothed, armed, and disciplined without assistance from the State. Citizen soldiers speedily came to have clear convictions on citizens' rights. It was such a native army which had enabled the American colonists to assert themselves,and gave solid weight to their opinions. The example was irresistible. A con *«tion of Volunteer officers, held in the Protes tant churca at Dungannon, pronounced that no power on earth, save their on King, Lords, and Commons, bad any rigbt to make laws for the Irish people. And they brought the force of the whgle nation in support of their contention by declaring at the same time for the immediate emancipation of the Catholics. In the Irish Par liament there were many men of experience and ability, and happily ose man of genius and supreme patriotism. Henry Grattan, then in his o&h; year, ton of the Recorder of Dublin, by education and connections a Whig, invited. Par liament itself to »ffi-raa thejpTincip'ie of indepen dence proclaimed at Dangannon. Parliament assented in a delirium of enthusiasm of which tbe whole nation partook. Freetzmde was next proclaimed, to the destruction of the sacred right of England to buy, sell, and carry' for the Irish. George III. would have treated these pro ceedings as naked rebellion a little earlier ; but the recognition of a new Republic beyond the Atlantic, was a lesson which penetrated even the dense prejudice of the king; and happily at tbe moment, he had Charles James Fox among his advisers. The Lord Lieutenant was instructed to confirm the declaration of independence ; bat the Irish leaders, to avoid future complications, required the English Parliament to become a party to the resolution by renouncing for ever all claim to legislate for Ireland. The English Parliament, noting the temper of the Volunteer army, and pondering, doubtless, on the stripes and stars which had so lately won a place in- the heraldry of nations, accordingly resolved— ' That it is the opinion of this House that the Act' of the 6th, of George I., entitled * an Act for the better securing the dependency of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain,'- ought to be re pealed.' In the sixteenth and eeventeeth centuries it 'was Catholic soldiers and statesmen who had kept alive the sentiment of nationality ; this last -victory was won exclusively by Protestant patriots.* Ireland had now a free Parliament which under- stood her interests, and greatly promoted her material prosperity. But in temper and pre judice it resembled an old Parliament of the Pale ; its magnates being for the most -part men who inherited forfeited estates and who lived in mortal fear of a French invasion. This parliament refused to strengthen itself by ad mitting the Catholics to representation, or even to widen its bases by giving all Protestants the franchise. The Volunteers who had inspired-it with courage to assert independence, attempted by a new convention to compel it to accept reform. But Lord Charlemont, the commander of the citizen army, a great noble and a man of thought and culture, was timorous and punc tilious, and at the last moment he shrank from the experiment. The people lost confidence in the Volunteers, and the Government felt it safe to disband them. * Th- iiJ..-a «f a National Gnord in Prance is said to have been ta]:,.!; from these Irish Voluikteersof 1783. 