INDIAN JUGGLliRY. (I'UO:.r TIII: NEW YOUR TIMKS.) People have often asked why some enter prising theatrical manager does not bring olio of tlio wonderful jugglers of India to Europe or in this country. Wo have h;ui Japanese jugglers who proved to lie much inferior to such accidental wizards as Lloudin and Herr mann, and we are soon to witness Nautch dances by gonnino Nantcli girls, but no East Indian juggler has ever left his native country. Everybody lias heard of the amazing miracles performed almost daily in India. The stories of the juggler wild throws a bail of cord into tho air, where it remains long enough for liini to climb up by it until ho disappears from sight; or of tho juggler who carves a boy as ho might carve a chicken, and then reconstructs tho boy out of a heap of disjointed limbs and ?uiacellanoous organs, aro familiar to us all. They are often quoted by spiritualists as proof that miracles oven more astonishing than tho composition of bad poetry by the spirit of John Milton are actually worked by the " occultists " of tho Orient, and aro often retold in tho newspapers as having been vouched for by that rather vague person, " a recent traveller." Wore one of these incom parable Eastern jugglers to bo brought to ?Europe by a theatrical mawsgor, (he latter would make a certain and enormous fortune within a very short timo. And yot tho very men who import cheap Japaneso juggler.?, or the more interesting Nautch girls, never make tho slightest effort to secure a real miracle-working fakir. This is certainly very strange, and, in fact, quite unaccountable, except upon a hypothesis which, is as rude as it is tin warranted. Tlio montion of East Iiulinn jni^glers and thoir fonts must at this particular period re mind everyone who knows the facts of the recent marvellous disappearance of a Small boy in JJlackboro, Mass. At the request of thoao most nearly interested, the affair has thus far been quietly ignored by the press ; but it is now understood that there is no need of any further mystery in the matter. The facts, according to Mr Ebonezor Lathrop a loading citizen and* undertaker of Blaekboro, are briefly as follow; and will bo found, in tensely interesting Mr Lathrop is not a spiritualist, but until lately he has taken a good deal of interest iu spiritualism, and has sometimes expressed the belief that there may bo " somethin orothor " in it, Three weeks ago there came to Blackboro a professional medium, Mr G. T. Horner, who alleged that he was travelling for pleasure, but wlm, at the request of a local believer iu spirit*, consented to hold a seance at the house of Mr Lathrop, whoso pro fessional acquaintance with departed Black boro eitizeiu might reasonably be supposed to render them willing to meet a respectable medium under his roof. Tlio scancc was ap pointed to bo held on the night of the 8th of December, and seven living spiritualists agreed to bo present. It was the inisfortuno of Mr Lathrop to have a peculiarly objectionable boy- Master Thomas Wallis Latln-op, named after his maternal grandfather, aged LI years 011 the 27th of last November. Tliomas, or Tom, as ho was popularly called, was a particularly bad boy. Much familiarity with collins aiul funerals had, perhaps, its share in rendering him callous and indifferent to serious things; but it is very certain that ho feared nobody' and cared for nothing. Ho made his esti mable father's life a burden to him, and it was the general opinion of the village that Tom's private funeral would be a most de sirable undertaking event. The sf.tncc was held at the time and place appointed, and was in many respects a creditable atl"air. Communications from a number of prominent ghosts were received, and the spirits of two persons whom Mr. Lathrop had buried, Dcacon Smedloy and Prince (coloured) were fully materialised, and were recognised by everyone present. It was in connection with the appearance of the coloured ghost that Tom Lathrop made known his hitherto unsuspected presence in tlic l-oom by a war-whoop and a largo apple, the latter being thrown at the ghost' with such excellent aim as to hit him on the nose and eliet from him tho brief and pointed re mark, " Golly !" Tho indignation of tho assembled spiri tualists was naturally great, and Mr Lathrop who promptly captured his graceless son, was about to lead him away for punishment, when the medium said : " Bring him to me ; I will deal with him." Tom was accordingly given to the medium, who was an athletic man, and who, seating himself on a chair in the full view of the audience, placed the boy across his kneo and prepared to operate on him with tho palm of his hand. Mr Hornier struck only one blow, for tiio instant his avenging hand descended there was a brilliant Hash of light, a loud report, and Master Twin disappeared instantly and utterly. The doors and windows were closed, and even if they had not been it is certain that the boy could not have left the medium's lap and escaped from the room unseen. For that moment until tho present time not the slightest trace of Master Thomas Wallis Lathrop has been seen. The medium's explanation was a simple one. He said that by his occult power ho had decomposed the boy into his original gases, and that these had united with tho natural gases of tho atmosphere. The people of Blackboro, with but one exception, agreed that this was tho first evidence of any good in spiritualism that they had yet seen, and there was talk of inviting Mr Ilorner to take charge of tho district school. To tho astonishment of everybody, Mr Lathrop seemed dissatisfied, and he has served a formal demand on the medium to recon struct his boy within 10 days or to pay his value, to be decided by three arbitrators or a majority of them. Now, this is a story which is as wonderful as anything that has over been told of the East Indian jugglers. It is unquestionably as authentic as any story told by " a recent traveller." and is far more circumstantial in its details than tho best efforts of that eminent authority. It will be unhesitatingly believed by all the believers in Indian jugglery, and ought to be of immense service to spiritualism. In short there is not a word of truth in it, which is precisely the moat important characteristic of tho tales of East Indian jugglers, and perhaps accounts for tho fact that no one has thought it worth while to hire one of them to exhibit his childish tricks before an intelligent audience. 