\- j = IHEOXTEHCT COITBT.—His Honor the Chief Justice has intimated that he mil attend at the Insolvency Court at 1.30 toi-day for the purpose of adjourning the meetings till Tuesday next. MAIL PASSKNGEBS.—The following persons are booked to leave per the mail steamship Cathay, which sails to-morrow, April 13. For Sontbunpton—Mr. and Mrs. &. Bymill, tiro daughters, four sons, and servant, Mr. and Mrs. Burreil and child, Mrs, Gibson, Misses Gibson (8), Mr. and Mrs. ArtKar Pomeroy and two children, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hay, Dr. Archer, Mrs, Archer, Miss Carter, Mr. C. S. Todd. For King'George's Sound—Mr. W. Sandover, Misses Hamilton (2), Mr. Brennan. This is a much larger number of passengers than have left by any mail steamer for some time past. EXHIBITION OF PICTUEBS.—Mr. P. E. Reynolds, the well-known fine art dealer of Melbourne and Sydney, intends opening an exhibition of works of art in the Town Hall next week. The collection will include a variety of Goapil & Co.'s splendid French engravings, and a somber of Prang's popular oleographs, comprising figure, landscape, and flower subjects. There will also be reproductions in chromolithography of the drawings of Birket Foster, Bowboth&m;, Sydney .Cooper, and others; aquagraphB, photographs, photogravfngs, and autotypes; Many of the art publications embraced in the collection were shown at the Melbourne Exhibition, and proved a great attraction there. DEATH JIT THB HOSPITAI,.—A man named James Lawrence Beid, who was admitted into the Hospital on March 31, owing to injuries to his back, received whilst on board the s.s. Franklin, at Port A ugnsta, died in'that institution ait half-past 7 this morning. SUDDEN DEATH.—On Monday night the City Coroner made enquiries at Queenstown respecting the sodden death of Mrs. Cocks's little girl, Wilmot Ann, aged thirteen months, who expired about 1 o'clock that day. Dr. Mitchell was sent for, but before his arrival the child bad breathed its last. Knowing nothing of the case, he could not give a certificate. The Coroner did not think an inquest necessary. THB DAWN or THE MUXEMTCU.—At the Police Court on Tuesday morning, after the cases had been disposed of, a man gaily decorated with flowers rose from the seat npon which he had been sitting, and intimated to the Bench that he was desirous of making a statement. Mr. Beddome gave the necessary permission, and stepping into the witness-box the man at once, in a low monotone' monotone began:—" Gentlemen of this Court— I have taken this extraordinary step of intro ducing myself to your attention for the purpose of delivering myself from the bonds which encompass me, and also to direct particulor attention to the serious fact that a vast amount of actual responsibility now acts upon every person in authority, and every Christian in society in] these colonies regarding the interesting and glorious work that for so many years has been hanging over these colonies, and which I am now anxious to bring before y oa These pamphlets I hold in my hands have declared unto' Hie world for the past six or seven years the very important fact that I am the Son of God, the " Christ of God, created so by the Divine Power of God the Holy Ghost, for the purpose of accomplishing his divine purpose* relating to the personal reign on earth of the "Lord Jesus Christ. These pamphlets explain how—" Mr. Beddome—Is there any more of that? The Speaker—Yes; I will go on. Mr. Beddome—But I am afraid if it is of that description we cannot hear it. (Laughter.) because it does not come within the functions of this Court. The Speaker—But it is a very important matter and I am He made two or three more attempts to continue, bat Mr. Beddome was immovable and the man had to step down. It is supposed that his mind is affected by religious mania. YOUWG MEH'S CHBXSTIAK ASSOCIATION.—The annual public meeting in conne ctinn with this Association will be held at the Town Hall this -evening. Addresses will be delivered by Mr. D. Murray, J.P. (President), Mr. C. H. Goode, JP. (Vioe- President), Hon. H. Scott, MJi.C. and the Revs. 3. F. Hocter, UA, and D. O'DonnelL THE STKIGOGUB PBOPHRTY.—An adjourned meeting of the members of the Adelaide Hebrew congregation will be held at the Synagogue Vestry this evening to consider the question of authorizing the traseees to take Steps to enable them tb sell the Synagogue property if deemed advisable^ THE ADELAIDE EXHIBITIOX.—Messrs. Jouberfc and Twopeny in another colomn give particulars respecting • sumber of prizes which they offer to be competed tor at the Exhibition by colonial artisans and children attending the public schools. IMTEECOLOKIAX METEOROLOGICAL COITFE- BBMCE.—It is proposed by the Victorian Government that a Me tears logical Oonferenoe shall be held in Melbourne by representatives from the various Australian Colonies some time during this month, and Mr. O. Todd, CJtLG^, will represent South Australia. THE GENERAL ELECTIONS.—The second batch of elections took place on Monday, there being contests in three districts. In none of these, however, was the scrutiny oompleted last night but so far as the examination of the votes had proceeded, the candidates stand in the following order:—Albert—Messrs. Hardy, Henning, Shannon, and Bull. Bnrra—Messrs. Rounsevell, Ward, Ridgway, Bees. Wallaroo—Messrs. Ross, Furner, Pater, and Beaglshole. The scrutinies will be resumed thiB morning. METHODIST NEW CONNEXION CHTJBCH.—The school anniversary services of the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-street, were held on Sunday, April 10. The pulpit was very efficiently occupied by Mr. J. D. Bone in the morning, and by Dr. Bollen in the evening. Hymns were sung by the children in excellent time and tune. Six young ladies connected with the school tastefully rendered two hymns, the scholars as a whole singing the chorus to each hymn. James Foweraker, one of the scholars, presided at the organ in a very creditable manner, giving promise of considerable proficiency. The congregation was only thin in the morning, but there was a good company in the evening. The collections were several pounds in advance-of last year. TBEBEIITATIOH AT BOWDBK.—A few days since the pupils attending the school conducted by Miss Ann Hamence presented that lady with an affectionate address, on the occasion of her retiring from scholastic duties. The address was accompanied with a handsome writing desk and some useful articles for housekeeping. SOUTH ATJSTUAUAM FISHING COMPANY.— This Company have given Mr. George Playfair, of Birkenhead, an order to turn out one of the swiftest, largest, and best-built steancers constructed in South Australia. Mr. Playfair has begnn the work, and hopes to complete it in three months. The vessel will be 101 ft. long between the perpendiculars, with 18 ft. beam and lb ft. hold. She will be of the composite order, fitted with three watertight bulkheads. The cargo space will be forward, and the passenger accommodation right aft, with a monkey poop 35 ft. long. The middle space will be devoted to the machinery, consisting of 50 nominal horsepower engines of the bsst type. Between the machinery and the poop will be a room for fish, to be preserved by Bell-Coleman's refrigerator Their early applisation of this patent is both novel and significant with regard to the shipbuilding of this oolony. In addition a space of a foot wide around the aides of the hull will be filled with charcoal to assist in cooling the compartments. The contract rate of speed is thirteen knots an hour, and the engines will be constructed under the supervision of Mr. Adam Miller, of London, who furnished the drawings. The .tonnage will be about 130 register. , MOBPHETT - STREET PsffitTIVB METHODIST CHCECH.—- The anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with the Morphett-street Primitive Methodist Church were held on Monday evening, April 11. About 200 persons sat down to the tea, and the public meeting, a which Mr. W. W. Winwood presided, was also very well attended. The Chairman referred to the great good which Sunday-schools had done and were doing all over the world, and said that moBt of the eminent men of the time were indebted to their Sunday - school training. The Secretary (Mr. T. Maddern) read the report, which showed that there were thirteen teachers and 123 scholars now attending the. school, and there were ISO volumes in the library, which was very well patronised. The receipts for the year amounted to £17 10s. 8d., and the expenditure to £19 3s., leaving a. balance of £1 I2a. 4d. due to the Treasurer. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. G. Wright, Diment, S. Wayland, and Goodwin. During the evening the children sang a number of hymns in a very pleasing manner under the direction of Mr. Manns, and Miss Corin presided at the hanLonium, The proceeds are expected to amount to about £20. THE NEW HOBSE BAZAAR.— The fine building which Mr. S. Barnard is having erected in Currie-street to-do duty as a Horse Bazaar is rapidly approaching completion, and it is expected that the opening sale will take place during the latter part of next;week. The|offices fronting on to Currie-street have been described in these columns previously; but as the completeness and size of the sale-yards, carriage repositories, loose boxes, and letting stables will serve to make the Bazaar the best of its kind in South Australia, if not in the colonies, a few remarks on the internal arrangements may prove of interest. At the rear of the premises there is a circular sale-yard fitted with pens, and several yards that will be used for selling colts in, and it is estimated that upwards of 200 can be disposed of in a day by means of these conveniences. Great care has been taken in arranging the seating of the company, so that buyers may have every opportunity of inspecting the stock they are bidding for; and while well protected from rain, &c.;, all the various compartments have been arranged BO that plenty of light and air are admitted. Ten loose-boxes, 12 ft. x 10 ft. 6 in., have been built, all of them fitted with the latest conveniences, and these will be at the service of any horse-owners who may come over for the May race meetings. The stables are capable of holding a hundred horses. They are particularly well ventilated, and floored throughout with clinker bricks. Upstairs two roomB, one of which runs almost the whole length of the building, will be used as carriage repositories, a lift having been provided to convey the carriages from the lower floors. Mr. Barnard calculates on being able, if necessary, to stow 500 traps in these roomB in such positions as will allow of their being shown to advantage. Harness-rooms, ostlers'-rooms, and nicely fitted up ladies' waiting-rooms are all in their placeB, and facing the entrance to the interior of the building is the ordinary sale-yard, which does not, perhaps, look quite large enough when taken in comparison with other parts of the establishment, but its uncompleted appearance, no doubt, makes it look smaller than it really is. We understand that the Fulham yearlings will be sold at Mr. Barnard's new establishment nex month, and then its capability of holding a crowd will be fully tried. ADELAIDE CITY MISSION.—The annual tea and public meetings in connection with this mission took place at the hall, Light-square, on Monday evening, April 11. About 250 sat down to tea, and at the public meeting which followed the hall was crowded. Appropriate [addresses were delivered by the Chairman (Mr. C. H. Goode), the Revs. D. Paton, L. G. Carter, J. Lyall, J. G. Wright, and Mr. Berry (City Missionary)' gave an interesting account of the way in whi^h he carried out his mission work. The anniversary services are to be continued to-night, when the children attending the Sabbath-school are to be shown dissolving views belonging to the Sundayschool Union. CCSTOKS REGULATION.—The following is a new regulation respecting abatement of duty on goods damaged on the voyage:—" In future no application for repayment of duty on goods damaged during conveyance from the last port of shipment will be entertained, unless the damage be stated within seven days after landing of such goods. Within seven days after the necessary surveys and fixing of allowance to tie made, all required documents to complete the claim must be deposited with the Comptroller of Customs Accounts." LEWIS RELIEF FUND.—The Hon. Treasurer (Mr. W. L. Dickson) received from the Masonl: Lodges, through Mr. B. H. Laker, a cheque for £45 on account of this fund. The contributions to date amount to £51614s. TOTOC-BTHEET BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.— The anniversary services of the Young-street; Bible Christian Church Snnday-»chool were celebrated on Sunday and Monday, April 10 and 11. On Sunday morning the Rev. J. Foster preached, and the Rev. Dr. Hagg&r; iu the afternoon and evening to very good congregations. On Monday evening a tea meeting and a service of song (Jessica's First Prayer) were held, both of which were well attended. At the latter Mr. J. S. Evens presided, and gave an address suitable to the occasion. The Secretary (Mr. B. H. Wilson) read the report, which was very satisfactory. The Service of Song was very well given by the choir and children, and was loudly applauded. The connective readings were given by Dr. Haggar. It was notified that the annual picnic would be held on Good Friday. The proceeds of the meetings are estimated at abont £10. 