NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, September 26. The house of George Cooper, in Cleveland- <*> street, Redfern, was rendered a complete wreck by an explosion of dynamite which occurred at half-past 9 o'clock on Saturday evening. The building was conitmcted of weatherboards, ani oonriatod of three rooms. Oeoper has been employed executing sewerage works at Black Wattle Swamp, and was in the habit of keeping dynamite, Masting powder, and other goods re quited in tunnelling, stored in his dwelling bonce. On Saturday evening be was rolling a keg of dynamite under the bed, when was also a keg containing Msa?ng powder. It is farther said that he was smoking a cigar at tie time, but thia is improbable. By some means the dynamite exploded, tearing down the trout portion of the bouse and palisading, and making a complete wreck. The consuuion extinguished all the kerosine lamps in the vicinity, but did not wake a couple sleeping in an adjoining weatherboard cottage. Cooper was much burnt, and is in a critical condition. His sou, who was sleeping io the next room,Jsit burnt slightly. A Urge fire occurred in George-street last night on the premises of Tillock, grocer, aud Larkinc, produce agent. The Utter has been burnt out about three times. The damage v> ertiiHtedat about £10£QO, bat thepremises were well insured. The weather Is very uneettlcd. The gale L?i abated. 7.30 p.m. The steamer Governor BUckall,f rom Brisbane^ five days oat, arrived this morning. She Departs B terrific gale on Thursday and Friday, daring which she rode under close-reefed canvas. Oa Friday night ahe experienced violent gqaall* and atremendoos sea, the barometer ranging from 29? to 30?. On Saturday ahe sighted a barque with the foremast and main topmast gone, and distress signals flying, bat was unable to render her any assistance owing to the heavy sea, and the sbxt 'apply ?f co"1 **c bankers. The steamer Ajex baa been dispatched to-day bom Newcastle to render assistance to the barque. The steamer Lticfaardt, bound north, was off Ballias, and r< ported her mtchinery broken down and dis abled. The schooner Jessie Bpears went ashore dvi ing tte gale en the North Spit, Gamdan HavtD, aud Is likely to become a total wreck. The True B.'ue,Behoauer, went a*hore at North Hi ad Tweed River, aud v full of water. The crew were saved. One of the smallpox patients on board the hospital ship Southcott is reported to be in an extremely critical condition ; the others are in a satisfactory state. The premises of Mr. John Pope, commission agent, Yortesbeet, from which Mrs. Pope made bee escape recently, have been released from Quarantine. The Education Department has been shifted to the Colonial Secretary's old office, whiohu ?opposed to be the oldest building in Sydney, and whiofa lias been renovated and repaired, Tillock's stock of groceries consumed by last night's fixe was insured for £10,500 in various .jr — TrTFl>Ws The ecriou charge sgiintt Dr. yon Heekerel cf using isUfnunento with intent to procure anhnarriage In tiuoaseof Xlaanor Antill, wai partly heard aud again nmandad,bail being refused. An extraordinary charge was preferred at the Police Court by Annie Nelson against her hus band, whom sbe aoeaied of attempting to murder her, presenting a loaded revolver at her head, and using threats that he would shoot her dead. The complainant, who is an attractive young women, deposed that she had been only a fortnight married, that her husband com pelled her to marry him against her will by presenting a revolver and threatening to shoot bet unless she complied with his demand- She was afraid ?f bar life owing to his vio* lenee. The case was remanded after thedefen dant had been bound over to keep the peace towards a lad named Murray, whom he had also threatened to shoot The result of several adjourned meetings of miners at Mewoastle, who have long been dis contented witb the present hewing price of end, is that tbe men will continue work as at present without a fresh agreement at 4s. Bd. as hewing rate, fourteen days' notice to terminate (he contact on either side. These being the best terms procurable, were accepted, 11 p.m. Oecrge Cooper, the man who blew up his house with dynamite, is still in a critica 1 flooditkm at the infirmary- It is stated that whilst in the act of moving the explosive com pound he was smoking a pipe, and probably dropped a spark which earned the explosion. During tbe reoent voyage of tae immigrant ship Nineveh a practical joke was perpetrated which has since led to unhappy, eonsequenoes. One of tbe young f^****lt immigrants dressed herself in a white sheet, pretending to be a ghost, and at dead of night stalked among the sleep ing girls, whom she aroused. In one Instance the shook was so severe that the girl lost bar reason and became hopelessly insane. She was examined an the arrival of the ship by a medical man, on whose certificate aha baa been sent to the asylum. The matter will be inves tigated by tbe Immigration Board. A strange discovery was made yesterday by* gentleman whOst visiting his wife's grave at BookwoodOeraetery. He found the open empty coffin, bearing marks of bavmg beau recently disinterred. Tbe lid was gone, and tbe coffin bad evidently been violent! j wrenched open, the screws being broken. The matter has bean placed in the hands of the pffitw. An?xtensiva robbery was committed at the Garnets Head Hotel, West Maidand. A aom of about £80 was abstracted from a drawer ia the landlord's bedroom, besides a quantity o* jewellery belonging to bis wife. A largely-attended meeting of American siti sens, cated by Consul Williams, was held this afternoon at the Chamber of Commerce, the Consul in tbe chair, at which resolutions wan passed that a message of eondoleoee and sym pathy should be transmitted to the widow of the deceased President. Four Chinese gentlemen were baptized as Christians by Dr. Steele on Sunday at St. Stephen's! Ohurah. A banquet was given thia evening to Miohaei Both. 