Turf Talk' At Bcbundarah (Manaro) Races, Mr. W. Gibson's Moor, light won the Hurdle Race ; and Mr.M'Millan's Panic won the big handicap. The Nimitybelle Races afford the following records: — Maiden Plate, Mr. Farrell's Unitj ; Nimitybelle Handicap, Mr. Bell's Miss Dread; Manaro Handicap, Mr. Pendei - gast's Ackbar ; Consolation Stakes, Mr. Newton's King Tom. The New Year's Day Bendemeer Races gave the follow ing results: — Maiden Plate: Mr. J. O'Hara s First King 1, Mr. F. Burroston's Bee 2, Mr. P. Dixon's Thirty Five 3\. Handicap: Mr. G. Wilson's Merrilong, 1. Publican's Purse: Mr. G. Wilson's Merrilong. 1. Pony Race; Mr. H. Coone's Piebald, 1. After having been postponed on account of the welcome rain, the Bega races were duly played out on Thursday and Friday, the 13th and 14th instant. The uncertainty as to the length of the postponement had a serious effect upon the attendance, which was not nearly so numerous as it would have been had the stewards shown more decision in the matter. The knocking about he received on the voyage greatly interfered with the prospects of Rosinante, and Em press was honoured by being made first favourite for the Bega Cup, but she could only get third to Stand- Up and Rosinante. Stand-Up did not start for the principal event on the second day, the Town Plate, and Miss Whiffler won by a length. An abridged report of the meeting will be found in another column. The conditions of the Bungendore Maiden Plate have been announced, and it is probable that the meeting will take place on the 9th and 10th of March. It is thought that before the season draws to a close the A. J. C. and V. R. C. will have their rules revised, and establish a court of appeal. The most important meetings to be held on Anniversary Day are those which are to come off at Newcastle and Parramatta, and it is likely that each gathering will receive a fair share of patronage from the metropolis. The Parra matta programme comprises half-a-dozen handicaps, and the racing promises to be particularly interesting. There are a dozen and one in the Hurdle Race, with Eros at the head of affaire with the very fair impost of 10 st 10 lbs, a weight that he is quite master of, and, should his owner see fit to send him, he must be particularly hard to beat. Blackbird is well in at 9 st 11 lbs, and if he does not make a mistake at the jumps his dash of foot should enable him to finish very near the front ; but, with only 6 lbs less than the top weight, Radi cal has got more than his share. Bullocky and Secret have been kindly treated, and if the last-named be dressed in her best she will probably come home in front, with Eros and Bullocky as her attendants. The Flying Handicap is very open, and at the weights the chances ot Sunlight, Surrey, and Rosinante appear to be the most hearty ; but danger may also be expected from Blackbird, if he be reserved for it. Boniface (late Baronet) may also work his way into the J™ _flig;ht. All Fours and Wagga Wagga look well for the Prince of Wales' Stakes ; and even with 9 st 3 lbs up Suirey appears to be a cut above those opposed to him in the Galloway Handicap. Old Maccaroni is again in the held, and heads the list for the Anniversary Handicap with 8 st 9 lbs, but he belongs to the past, and Creswick seems to Ye -n16 ^e.8^ ckance of the four top weights. Eros ana Blackbird are entitled to respect with the comfortable impost of 7 st 5 lbs, and Love Not Mia Rosinante have also been leniently treated. ra.ce be produced by the Twoandthreeyear oJa Handicap, but Templar has been rather harshly used when allotted 8 st 12 lbs, and on paper nothing looks better inan West Country Dick and the bad-tempered Boniface. JJwners of horses are reminded that non-acceptances must »e declared on or before to-day (Saturday), when the general entry for the Newcastle Meeting will also claim attention. Un the 30th of last month the Coraki (Richmond River) itaces came off with the following results Maiden Plate : tuT' o' J^dock's Cedric 1, Mr. D. M'Pherson's Zulus 2, Mr. C. Thomas's Echo 3. Hack Race: Mr. S. Shanley's ^isber 1. Jockey Club Handicap : Mr. F. Bundock's ednc, 4 years, 7 st. 10 lbs., 1 ; Mr. S. Shanley's Princess, ged, 9 st. 5 lbs., 2 ; Mr. D. M'Pherson's Rhadamanthus, TiJ 6 v8' 6t* * 3. Flying Handicap : Mr. G. M'Lean's i, °p, 6 years, 7 st., 1; Mr. Bundock's Centurion, years, 8 st., 2 ; Mr. Shanley's Princess, aged, 9 st. 1 lbs., -J-jv settHng Mr. f . Bundock was the largest winner with £50. As will be seen by the appended results, some of our «es have been doing very well in New Zealand. At the Auckland Racing Club Meeting Mr. J. Smith's Tim Whif -p,;„ wo® l^le. Derby, easily beating Rewi, Kenil worth, m ice Charlie, Moonstone, am} Woolbroker, in 2.56J. Tim Whiffler was bred by Mr. W. Dargin, of Richmond, and i6bv Tim Whiffler (S.), from Parachute, by Kingstone from Yarroville ; by Whalebone (by Speculation) from Industry, by St. John from Crazy Jane, by Rouse s Emi grant from Stella, by Peter Fin from Spaewife (imp.) He ?was sold at Mr. Kiss's yearling sale, and purchased by Mr. W. Forrester for 100 guineas, and afterwards 6old to Mr. E. Perkins for 150 guineas, and was then taken' to New. Zealand. He also won the Maiden Plate, and the following were the results of the other leading items of the meet ing : — Publicans' Purse*. Billingsgate 1, Maid of Honour (bred in N. S. W.) 2, Paramena 3. Auckland Racing Club Handicap : Mr. J. Hunt's Yatapa 1, Lonehand 2, Vampire 3. Grand Stand Handicap : Libeller 1, Foul Play 2, Hilda 3. Mares' Produce Stakes : Moonstone 1, Rosarina 2, Prince Charlie 3. Auckland Plate, 2 miles : Foul Play 1, Ariel 2, Kenil worth 3. Steeplechase : Agent 1, Sportsman 2, Ghost 3 ; Lonehand was the favourite, but refused everything. Stewards' Handicap, 1 mile and a dis tance: Libeller 1, Foul Play 2, Billingsgate 3. J. Hazeldine, the cross country rider, has returned from a successful trip to New Caledonia. The Sydney Turf Club intends to hold a meeting at Rand wick on the Saturday following the A. J. C. Autumn Meeting, when the added money will amount to nearly £500. It is improbable that Grand Flaneur will be sent to j England, at all events until he has carried silk in the V.R.C. j and A.J.C. St Legers. Mr. J. S. O. Stanislaus' racing mare American Girl, was stolen from her stable at St. Albans, on Monday evening, the evening prior4o a two days' race meeting that was to take place there. It appears that she was looked upon as a ' good thing ' for the principal handicaps there, and her owner's suspicions lead him to the belief that some interested parties have planted her. A search up to Tuesday e\ -»ning proved unsuccessful in finding her whereabouts. The Randwick race- course is in capital order after the rain. Since the introduction of the totalisator racing has begun to decline rapidly in Queensland. The Auckland E. Star, referring to the scratching of Foul Plav and some ill-omed rumours respecting the proceedings at the late racing meeting, says : — ' The fact that Mr. M'Donald had only just bought the horse is an excuse for not having stated earlier his intention to reserve the horse for the Wellington Cup, but it would have been far more 6atisfacto'ry if he had declared at an earlier time which of the horses' engagements he intended to keep. While on this subject it may be well to refer to the growing complaints of the degeneracy of the turf. Bookmakers and their horses are obtaining the supremacy in the New Zealand racing world. There rule is becoming quite absolute. The national pastime — once followed for the sake of sport — is fast degenerating into a low scramble for public money. Bookmaking assumes an undesirable phase when the ' talent ' own or have control of the best horses. How much more is the disgust felt at the dis quieting reports which have floated so often on the public ear, that certain bookmakers, horseowners, and handicappers have identical interests, the end and aim of which has been to fleece the general public. If a rule were laid down that horses should start or no bet, there would be a little better chance for confiding investors. The racing atmosphere is very tainted, and a moral thun derstorm is required to clear the air. At how many meet ings has money been taken on horseB that were either crippled or were known to be non-starters by those who took the money? Was it not money taken in several instances in this manner at the present meeting '{ And, if so, is not this downright robbery f The gambling element is gaining too great an ascendancv. The abstract merits and performances of the noble i ace£oi se are becoming of secondary interest to the mad greed of the betting. Unless the clubs take a high stand the whole details of race meetings will be made subservient to the ruling passion. We have heard of a haudicapper writing to an owner of horses for a favour, and reminding him that handicapping time was drawing nigh. In order to guard against the possibility of any collusion, would it not be better to pay all chief officials right well for their services, and not allow them under any conditions whatever to have any money interest in a race 'i In order . to discourage jobbery and corruption, most stringent rules should be laid down for the protection of the outside public.' Foul Play was sold with all engagements to Mr. F. Matthews, who, it is thought, is only acting as an agent. Austin Elliott, Coongoola, the pony Hester, and Exile have left by the Siam for Calcutta. The Adelaide horse Don Carlos has been backed for the Wentworth Handicap to win about £800. It is probable that Wellington will put in an appearance at Geelong before he takes his departure for India. Sir Thomas Elder's well-bred colt, Prince Albert, full brother to Royal Consort, died of pleurisy a few days ago. A jockey named Pearce was rather seriously hurt through being thrown from Mr. Lang's mare, Mirthful, at Flem ington, a few mornings since. Mr. T. W. Field, of Tasmania, died in Melbourne last week, at the age of G4. Blue Gown, the winner of the English Derby of 1868, has been sold to go to America. The final acccptance for the Geelong Cup and Handicap will fall due on Monday next. The meeting, which is to take place on the 28th and 29th of this month, has every i indication of being a great success, and the honours are likely to be divided amongst Odd Trick, Progress, and Savanaka. The Mares' Produce Stakes appears to be a gift for Progress, who has been unfortunate so far in having to meet such a wonderful colt as Grand Flaneur ; and Wcleome Jack may come home in front for the Sires and MareB' Produce Stakes. It is rumoured that Captain Standish has accepted the post of private secretary to our late popular Governor, Sir Hercules Robinson. A deal of welshing was practised at the New Year's Day Meeting of the V.R.C. It is with much regret that we have to chronicle the death of Tim Whiffler, one of the best and gamest racehorses that ever faced a Hag in Australia, but at the same time one of the most unlucky, for he had to meet the ' Black Demon,' The Barb, in nearly all his races, and so was prevented from being the champion of his day. ' Old Tim,' as he was familiarly called of late years, was by New Warrior (imp.) from Cinderella, by St. John (imp.) from Cinderella, by Rous's Emigrant from Spaewife (imp.), and wa6 bred by Messrs. Hassall and Roberts in 1862. Odd Trick rules as favourite for the Geelong Gold Cup at 4 to 1, and Progress is next in favour, while Avernus and Darriwell have also been freely supported. The Burrangong programme appears in our advertising columns this week, and shall receive full attention in our next. A full report of Mr. Town's sale at Hobartville, Rich mond, which took place on Thursday, will be found in our columns this week. We beg to draw the attention of racehorse-owners, &c.;, to the sale, on January 2G, of the racehorses Sir Solomon and Bendemeer, particulars of which appear in our adver tising columns. Attention of horseowners and others is directed to the closing of stakes of the Hawkesbury Handicap. Nomina tions must be sent to the secretary, Mr. C. S. Guest, pre vious to the 1st of February next, or they will not be acccpted. On Wednesday and Thursday next we are to have the Newcastle Meeting, and, judp-ed from the way in which the principal handicaps have filled, the reunion should be a great success. There are 17 in the Jockey Club Handi cap, headed by Sweetmeat with 9 st 9 lbs; but, as he is certain to be an absentee, he must pass. With 2 lbs more than her stable companion (Secundus), Black Swan should come home before him as she did in Tattcrsall's Cup , but the three top weights appear to have none the best of it when a glance is cast at Braidwood, who, with 8 st 6 lbs, and in the humour, must take no end of beating. Although Strathearn ran so welj for the Summer and Tattersall's cups, it is doubtful if even his most enthusiastic admirers will here accord him support, when he will have 8 st 2 lbs in the saddle ; but Creswick, if in his best f -rm, would just about walk in with 7 st 8 lbs. The Dean is well in with 7 st 2 lbs, and so is North Star with 6 Kt 10 lbs ; but the former is too bad-tempered, and the latter cannot stay and of the light weights nothing' looks better than Eros, Gleam, and Norma, and they may see Braidwood, Creswick, and Mr. Mayo's best home. The weights for the City Handicap are framed upon about the same scale, and the same horses should divide the honours. The Shorts is ex ceedingly open, but on paper Verdict, Eros, and Hypatia appear to have the brightest prospects, and as the last named is said to be wonderfully fast she should not be over looked. The general entiy is to close on Saturday next, when it i6 expected that the secretary will have to deal with a long list of entries. [Bx TELEGIlArH.] WEST MAITLAND, Monday. The adjourned annual meeting of the Northern Jockey Club was held, at Brown's (late Fullford's) Hotel, this evening ; the chairman of the committee, Mr. H. H. Capper, presiding. The attendance of members was small. The' report of the club's transactions for the past twelve months, and the treasurer's balance-sheet, were read and adopted. The balance to the credit of the club is about £200, and this after making some expensive improvements to the course during the year. The election of officers and tlie committee then took place, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. 