CHAPTER XXXV. THE MUSICIAN. One evening, soon after tbe baby's arrival, as Mary sat with bim in ber lap, tbe sweet tones they had beard twice before, came creeping into her ears so eentiv. that she seemed to be aware of their presence only after they had been for seme time coming and going: she laid the baby down, and stealing from the room, listened on the landing. Certainly the sounds were born in the house, bnt whether they came from below or above she could not tell. Going first down the stair, and then up, she soon satisfied her self that they came from above, and thereupon ventured a little farther up the stair. She had Blready been to see the dressmaker, whom she had come to know through the making of Hesper's twilight robe of cloud, had found her far from well, and had done what she could for her. But she was in no want, and of more than ordinary independence—a Yorkshire woman, about forty years of age, delicate, but of great patience and courage; a plain, fair, freckled woman, with a belief in religion rather than in God. Very strict therefore in her observances, she thought a great deal more of the Sabbath than of man, a great deal more of the Bible than of the truth, and ten times more of her creed than of the will of God; and had she heard any one utter such words as I have just written, would have said he was an atheist. She was a worthy creature, notwithstanding, only very unpleasant if one happened to step on the toes of a pet ignorance. Mary soon dig- . covered that there was no profit in talking with her on the subjects she loved most: plainly she knew little about them, except at second hand —that is through the forms of other minds than her own. Such people seem intended for the special furtherance of the saints in patienoe; being utterly unassailable by reason, they are especially trying to those who desire to stand on brotherly terms with all men, and so are the more sensitive to the rudeness that alwayB goes with moral stupidity: intellectual stupidity m&y; coexist with the loveliness of an angel. It is one of the blessed hopes of the world to come, that there will be none each iu it. But why eo many words ? I say to myself; will one of such as I mean, recognize bis portrait in my sketch P. Many such bare I met in my young days, and in my old days, I find they swarm still. I could wish that all such bad to earn their own bread like Ann Byrom: had she been rich, ebe would have been unbearable. Women like her, when they are well to do, walk with a manly stride, make the tails of their dresses go like the screw of a steamer behind tbem, and are not nnfreqnently Scotch. As Mary went np, the music eeased; but, hoping Miss Byrom would be able to enlighten her concerning its source, she continued her ascent, and knocked at her door. A voice, rather wooden, yet not without character, invited ber to enter. Ann sat near the window, for, althongh it was quite dusk, a little use might yet be made of the lingering ghost of the daylight. Almost all Mary could see of her was the reflection from the round eyes of a pair of horn spectacles. "How do you do, Miss Byrom P" she said. " Mot at all well," answered Ann, almost in a tODe of offence. ' Is there uothiDg I can do for yon ?" asked Mary. " We are to owe no man anything but love, the apostle tellB us." ' Yon must owe a good deal of that thon," Baid Mary, one part vexed, and two parts amused, " for you don't seem to pay much of it." She was just beginning to be sorry for what she had said, when she was startled by a sound very like a little laugh, which seemed to come from behind her. She turned quickly, bnt before she could sec anything throngh the dark ness, the softest of violin-tones thrilled the air cloEe beside her, and then she saw, seated on the corner of Ann's bed, the figure of a man young or old she could not tell. How could he have kept so still 1 His bow was wandering slowly about over the strings of bis violin; but presently, having overcome, as it seemed, with the help of his instrument, his inclination to langb, ho ceased, and all was still. " I came," said Mary, turning again to Ann, hopiDg yon might be able to tell me where the sweet sounds came from, which we have heard now two or three times; but I had no idea there was any one in the room besides yourself. They come at intervals a great deal too long," she added, turning towards the figure in the darkness. " I am afraid my ear is out sometimes," said the man mistaking her remark. "I think it comes of the anvil." The voice was manly, though gentle, and gave an impression of utter directness and simplicity. It was Mary's turn, however, not to understand, and she made no answer. ■ I am very sorry," the musician went on, " if I annoyed yon, miss." Mary was hastening to assure him that the fact was quite the other way, when Ann pre vented her. "I told you so!" she said.- "you make aa idol of your foolish plaything, bnt other people take it only for the nuisance it is." •' Indeed yon never were more mistaken," said Mary. "Both Mrs. Helmer and myself are charmed with the little that reaches ne. "It is indeed seldom one hears tones of each purity. The player responded with a sigh of pleasure. "Now there yon are,miss," cried And, "a flattering of bis folly till not a word I say will be of the smallest nse!" " If your words are not wise." said Mary, with suppressed indignation,/1 the less he heeds them the better." "It ain't wise, to my judgment, miss, to make a man think himself something when he is nothing. It's, quite enough a man should deceive his own self, without another to come and help him." "To speak the trnth is not to deceive," replied Mary. "I have some knowledge of music, and I say only what h true." "What good can it be spending his time scraping horse-hair athort oatgut!" "They must fancy some good in it up in heaven," said Mary,. •' or they wouldn't have so much of it-there." " There ain't no fiddles in heaven," said Ann, with indignation; "they've nothing there but harps and trumpets." Mary turned to the man, who had not said a word. " Would you mind coming down with me," she said, "and playing a little, very softly, to my friend ? She has a little baby, and is not strong. It would do her good." " She'd better read her Bible," said Ann, who, finding she could no longer see, was lighting a candle. "She does read her Bible," returned Mary; " and a little mnsic would perhaps help her to read it to better purpose." " There, Ann!" cried the'player. The .woman replied with a scornful grunt. " Two fools dou't make a wise man, for all the franchise," she said. But Mary had once more turned towards the musician, and in the light of the candle was met by a pair of black eyes, keen yet soft, looking oat from nnder an overhanging ridge of forehead. The rest of the face was in shadow, but ahe could see by the whiteness through a beard that clouded all the lower part of it that he was smiling to himself. Mary had said what pleased him, and bis eyes sought her face, and seemed to rest on it with a kind of trust, and a look as if be was ready to do whatever she might ask of him. " You will come ?" said Mary. " Yes, miss, with all my heart," he replied, and flashed a full smile that rested upon Ann, and seemed to say he knew her not so bard as she looked. Kicing, he tucked bis violin under his arm, and showed himself ready to follow. " Good night, Miss Byrom," said Mary. "Good night, miss," returned Ann grimly, j " I'm sorry for you both, miss. But until the j Spirit is poured out from on high, it's nothing but a stumbling in the dark." This last utterance was a reflection rather than a remark. Mary made no reply. She did not care to have the last word ; nor did she fancy her cause lost when she bad not at hand the answer that befitted folly. She raa down the stair, and at the bottom stood waiting her new acquaintance, who descended more slowly, careful not to make a noise. She could now see, by the gaslight that burned on the landing, a little more of what the man was. Be was powerfully bnilt, rather over middle height, and about the age of thirty. His complexion was dark, and the hand that held the bow looked grimy.' He bore himself well, but a little stiffly, with a care over his violin like that of a man carrying a baby. He was decidedly handsome, in a rugged way month and cnin but hinted through a thick beard of darkest brown. "Come this way," said Mary, leading him into Letty's parlour. " I will tell my friend you are come. Her room, you see, - opens off this, and she will hear you delightfully, fray take a seat." ",Thank you, miss," said the man, but remained standing. " I have canght the bird, Letty," said Mary, loud enough for him to hear : " and he is come to sing a little to you—if you feel strong enough for it." " It will do me good," said Letiy. " How kind of him!" The man, having heard, was already tuning his violin when Mary ceme from the bedroom, and eat down on the sofa. The instant he had got it to his mind, he turned, and going to the farthest corner of the room, closed his eyes tight, and began to play. Bnt how shall I describe that playing F how convey an idea of it, however remote F I fear it iB nothing less than presumption in me, so great is my ignorance, to attempt the thing. But would it be right, for dread of bringing shame upon me through failure, to leave my readers without any notion of it at all ? On the other hand, I shall at least have the merit of darwg to fail—a merit of which I could well be ambitious. If then my reader will imagine some musio loving sylph attempting to guide the wind amongst the strings of an seolian harp, every now and then for a moment succeeding, and then again for a while the wind having its own way, he will gain, I think, something like a dream-notion of the man's playing. Mary tried hard to get hold of some cine to the combina tions and sequences, bnt the motive of them she could not find. Whatever their source, there was, either in the composition itself, or in hie mode of playing, not a little of the in artistie, that is the lawless. Yet every now and then would come a passage of exquisite melody, owing much, however, no doubt, to the marvel lous delicacy of the player's tones, and the utterly tender expression with which he pro duced them. But ever as she thought to get some insight into the movement of the man's mind, still wonld she be swept away on the storm of some change, seeming of mood incou* grnons. At length came a little panse. He wiped his forehead with a blue cotton handkerchief, and seemed ready to begin again. Mary interrupted wim with the question, " Will yon please tell me whose music you have been playing F" He opened his eyes, which had remained closed even while he stood motionless, and, with a smile sweeter than any she had ever seen on such a strong face, answered— " It's nobody's, misB." " Do you mean you have been extemporizing all this time F" " I don't exactly know what that means." " Yon mast have learned it from notes ?" " I couldn't read them if I had any to read," he answered. "Then what an ear and what a memory you mutt have 1 How often have you heard it ?" "Just as often as I've,played it, and no oftener. Hot being able to read, and seldom bearing any muBic I care for, I'm forced to be content with what rnns ont at my fingers when I shut my eyes. It all comes of shutting my eyes. I couldn't play a thing but for shutting my eyes. It's a wonderful deal that comes of shutting your eyes! Did you never try it, missF" Mary was so astonished both by what he said, ] and tbe simplicity with which he said it, having clearly no notion that he was altering any thing strange, that she was silent, and the man, after a moment's retnrihgvbegan again t6 play. Then did Mary gather all her listening powers, and braoe her attention to the tightest—bat at , first with no better success. And indeed that was not the way to understand. It seems to me at least, in my great ignorance, that one cannot understand mnsic unless he is humble towards it, and consents, if need be, not to understand. When one iB quiescent, sub missive, opens the ears of the mind, and demands of them nothing more than the hearing —when tbe rising waters of question retire to their bed, and individuality is still, then tbe dews and rains of music, finding tbe way clear for them, soak and sink through the Bands of the mind, down, far down, below the thinking place, down tbe region of muBic, which is the hidden workshop of the soul; the place where lies ready tbe divine material for man to go making withal. Weary at last with vain effort, she ceased to endeavour, and in a little while was herself being moulded by the music unconsciously received to the further understanding of it. It wrought in her mind pictures, not thoughts. It is possible, however, my later knowledge may affect my description of what Mary then saw with her mind's eje. First there was a crowd in slow, then rapid movement. Arose cries and entreaties. Game hurried motions, disruption, and running feet. A pause followed. Then woke a lively melody, changing to the prayer of some soal too grateful to find words. Next came a bar or two of what seemed calm lovely speech, then a few slowly delivered chords, and all was still. She came to herself, and then first knew that, like sleep, the musio bad seized her un awares, and she bad been understanding, or at least enjoying, without knowing it. The man was approaching her from bis dark corner. His face wbb shining, but plainly he did not intend more music, for bis violin was already under his arm. He made her a little awkward bow— not much more than a nod, and turned to the door. He had it half open, and not yet could Mary!1 speak. For Letty, she was fast asleep. From the top of the stair came the voice of Ann, screaming— "Here's your bat, Joe. I knew you'd be going when you played that. You'd have for gotten it, I know!" Mary heard the hat come tumbling down the stair " Thank you, Ann," returned Joe. " Yes, I'm going. Tbe ladies don't care much for my music. Nobody does but myself. But then it's good for me." The last two sentences were spoken in soliloquy, but Mary heard them, for he stood with tbe handle of the door in his hand. He closed it, picked up his hat, and went softly down the stair. Tbe spell was broken, and Mary darted to the door. But just as she opened it, the outer door closed behind tbe scraDge musician, and she bad not even learned his name. 