Throckmorton's Ghost. [NEW YOBK GRAPHIC] Major John Raine Throckmorton died a few days ago on a Mississippi plantation, to which he had gone on a visit. He was sixty-five years of age, and liad served in both the Mexican war and in the war of the Rebellion, but it was not for his services in either that he was famous in Louisville or through Kentucky. As the " Courier Journal" says, " it was a woman." Her name was Ellen Godwin, and twenty-three years of her life were passed in teach ing the man contrition. As early as 1852 the public began to talk of John Throckmorton and John. Throckmorton's " ghost." Wherever John Throckmorton was seen a shabbily dressed girl followed after him, dogged him with her presence, and haunted him like a nightmare. If he left his hotel in the morning to walk down the street the shadow ill dingy black appeared promptly at his heels, saying not a word, nor breathing to those who observed au intimation of her purpose. If John Throckmorton was at his club this woman hung faithf illy about the doors until he made his appear ance, and then wherever ho went she followed, until, perhaps he sought refuge* in his private chamber, where bolts and bars kept her back. No matter if it rained pitchforks, if it were hotter "than Hades, or colder than the breath of the Arctic, John Throckmorton appeared not in public but that his shadow was close at hand to torment him with her presence, . to taunt him with his crime, to teach him repentance. Her image was ever before his eyes; she perched about him as relentlessly as Edgar Allan l'oe's raven sat upon The pallid bust of Pallas, Just above his chamber door— Not a prophet or a thing of evil,, but a woman full -of vengeance, full of determination, a womau scorned. Throckmorton went to Boston.' to New York, to Philadelphia, to New Orleans, but it was all the same. His shadow was faithful in its pursuit. It couldn't be dodged. Even when this man sought refuge and surcease in the army, his shadow, like a Nemesis, was still on his track. John Throckmorton grew grey, and tliin and shaky with age, the girl grew into a woman, and with her maturer womanhood came increasing determination. She would make liim suffer ; she would teach Mm contrition. The picture has been seen a thousand times on the sired s of Louisville. A tall, slim man, with white side whiskers, white liair, and a face expressing mingled mortification and recklessness; in front, a woman, shabbily dressed and closely veiled,'shrinking along behind. "Throckmorton and.bis ghost," whispered the spectators, as the two marched silently down on the street. "The woman he ruined," speaks another voice. " The woman he scorns, rather," says somebody else. "The woman who Will die at his heels," says another still, and so they all talk. John Throckmorton and Ellen Godwin keep up this weary journey through, life. It is rare that they speak to each other. Occasionally Throckmorton breathes an oath or a threat, but the woman only unities. She is carrying out her purpose. What docs she care what Throckmorton says or what the world thinks ? Some say she is insane, but those who know her best say not. Throckmorton, among 3 lis friends, laughs at the matter, and refers to the woman as " his hell's delight." But. his pretension of carelessness is all assumed, Upon one occasion. .O^e^ifi^gma^tem^ Wthe fwiikllng of an * orjtonhas Toiei^eaa bloV across inlying stretched out. upon-vthe,«d.ew>a! . _. ...... Jthd^e $<&bi;£i<nfy*, Tt MamatiC scene in the mouth of He the meets alley. hiBi Tbrockmorton^has ".Hell's delight,'' andbringsfortha mzOT^o cttther throat. She throws 3&a;<« ffiffVeil with ahsmiie of scorn, and says:— " "Kill me, John Throckmorton, but kiss me first. TKte man becomes powerless with, a^we at the reckless i bearing' ^ of lffi.il "the J.juJ.M.X^ ^v6man/an& AAM flees Som fmm'hfir ber sight, mcrht.. but but soon she is on his tiail again, and it is the old, old pfcory of " TlirockmorKfti^aiftdrhfe ghoBt?" At the •expiration of twenty- three yeare a triaLitakes place m-the Louisville Chancery Courts Ellen Godwin is chafed with hmaciy,l?y Jolyi Throckmorton,.and an iiquest is held. The courthouse infilled to overflowing, and the excitement is intense; The prosecuting witness, with scores fit other, fitnesses to back him, tells the history of the, long, years that the accused has doggeel his footsteps. After a while Ellen Godwin is -placed mpon $ stand^to 'tell -lidr story. She was a gjrl but fifteen .years of age, she says, when she inet this map Throckmorton. He sought her out at hbme, and she learned to love him, subsequently falling a victims to to licentious caresses. Even after this "I loved'this man, "she said "so passionately that I found the desire to be at his side irresistible. I began to follow him upon the streets, solely because I loved him.' He laughed at me, and spoke sneeringlv of me to his friends. B[e forgot the prbmisea he hact made tne, and I forgot my love for him. I learned to ha'te 'hiih. ' Before I had followed about after him because I worshipped him; now I determined to follow him because he had scorned me and because I hated him as intensely as I had loved him. I souglit tb teach him contrition, but he was too proud to repent, too stubborn to seek my forgiveness, and I was too resolute to forget iny purpose, and so day af^er day and night after night have I been upon his track. I have suffered, and so has he." Upon the occasion of this trial, Ellen <3odwin stood the examination and cross examination of the counsel for the prosecution »s firmly as •she had carried out her purpose of teaching -John Throckmorton that a womanscomed is a .woman wronged. The jury, without leaving their seats, decided that the defendant was a sane woman,and the court promptly dismissed the petition of John Throckmorton asking that she be committed to: the lunatic asylum. The trial, however, parted Throckmorton and his ghost. Ellen Godwin declared that she had'exposed her faithless lover sufficiently, atid gave up her intention to fceach him contrition.,; Miss £od>viu - wrote the history of the entirt '&fEaiivanalia;^ been offered by a. well.known publishing house.10,000 dol. for the manuscript, which upon his earnest advice she refused, and the.book, was never published. Miss Godwin was quite a brilliaut writer,, it is.said, tmd. many ot her articles were publSshedby tlie leading magazines of the day. About a year ago she died of consumption at her homfe orr Jcfrersbft-stre'et near Shelby. She left behind her -a neat little fortune, which passed into the hands of some of her relatives, who* still reside In LpusviUe and are emiently respectable people. It has been stated that she was always shabbily dressed in her pursuit of John Throcl^orton. Thip she, did; intentionally, because, asJsshe stated to her counsel; slie wanted her own appearance to be as reproachful as possible. John Tlirpckmortou and .Ellen Godwin are both dead now;; But -this story of their lives is an exemplification of the fact that " truth 16 stranger. t)ian fiction." ! 