AUSTRALIAN EXPERIENCES. By OS. How I PLATED THB GHOST, AXD ADDHD MYSHLF TO TBB POPUIATIOH OF VLCTOULA. I am afraid I am always destined to be what I have always been—a roving, thriftless, vagabond. At least, everybody who knows me says so. Still, I am but a single member of a large army'of such, and therefore do not see why everybody should take such a special interest in my individual doings. And it is because I prefer giving my own version of fame of my experiences to allowing others—mere prejudided persons, I assure you—to do so, that I write now. Passing over my " bunking"—a local Jfcerm at the school near London, at which I was boarder—from the old " governor's" terrible discipline, my joiniDg a Dutch billyboy brig, bound for Hamburgh, ia the elevated capacity of cabinboy; my returning in the same round tub to London, and becoming owner of a fourth-rate crossing" fake, : whose late proprietor had retired on his " fortin," and taken to the costering line; my subsequent inveiglement by a wheedling philanthropist into a Bef age for Destitute and Homeless Boys; my escape from tiut terrible thndl; my setting up as a periwinkle merchant and consequent insolvency; and my re-entry into the seafaring world as a " bosun's boy"—I say, leaving the relation of all these preliminary matters out, I shall bring the reader with me to my first entrance into Australian waters in the year' eighteen hundred and something some. (It might not be discreet on my part to be too particular as to dates.) It was on a bright warm morning in April in the year above mentioned that oar vessel—that is to say, the vessel of which I was " bosun's boy," or as it was entered on the ship's books, "fokes'l boy"—entered Hobson's Bay, and in due course of time, which in this case meant three days - afterwards, swung' alongside the .Sendridge Pier. Erdted dreams of wealth untold filled my imagination as I looked upon the new golden land upon the shore end of which I was now about to tread, but my fidelity to my skipper wav, I knew, too strong to tempt me to bolt, as many young shellbacks, do, except of course, under extraordinary pressure! And it is only for the purpose of showing that my accidental (and at the time illegal) presence in the colony was really., caused through the extraordinary pressure of " circumstances over which ! had no control"—as the whitewashing lawyers say—that I am about to relate the incident which answers to the heading this sketch. In port, I had little or nothing to do, being always easily able to devise excuse of work in the " bosun's" cabin. It used to take me all day to clean bis and the carpenter's boots, wash up their mike their bonks, trim lamps, and sweep out an 8 x 4 cabin, and thus I got out of being "told off" with the other ship's boys, These poor beggars had hard times of .it; they had to scrape off old paint, scrape and grease masts, holystone decks (man-o'-war fashion, no slummocking, but" knuckledown and take your prayerbook") and, in fact, wece run like niggers all the time that the officer in charge could devote to them. But even their duties were relaxed at last. The oaptain had left the ship, only reappearing on board at rare intervals; first mate had gone also for his spell ashore of a week or two ; ; second mate soon followed; the middies 1 (that is, those, of them who had pocket money) never did stay on board; and at last, there were only left, of quarterdeck officers, the third mate and senior midshipman—both young, highspirited, fun-loving fellows. What larks we used'to have during" : those few brief bappy daysThere were Jack Gonley, ordinary seaman—Liverpool Jack,, he was dubbed, and Tolson and Binden, alias Bill and Dick, **fokes'l -boys," and myself. Oh, yes;I found time to join them in these matters; for I will confide to the reader that I had discovered since tbe advent of these glorious times—I suppose practice had made me perfect in my duties—that I could do all my cabin work in less than an hour in the morning, and in a few minutes after the midday and evening meals. The third mate used to encourage Liverpool Jack in his pranks, and many were the admiring knots of land lubbers who watched some of our devilries. For convenience, I will dub the third mate, Nautilus. Well, Nautilus would offer rewards of grog, cigars, tobacco, or halfcrowns, in order to set us daring each other in all sorts of feats, and risky and breakneck some of them were, too. Up and down backstays, squatting on royal trucks, diving from davits, and many others. Well, one day there was an unusual amount of animal spirits to spare amongst us, and as if specially arranged for the letting loose of animal spirits, there were three or four stagings swinging over the starboard side, they having _ been fixed in order that the men might commence painting operations. Thei vessel lay port side to the pier, her head pointing to the sea end. Each staging was simply the usual single plank hung over the side by ropes seonred to each end. There waa a distance of four or. five feet between each plank, the aternmost one being right on the vessel's quarter, or a little aft of it. . To see the mad chevy-chase we played along those planks, which swung np and down on end as we dashed after each other, and the feufnl leaps from one to the other which we - successively and successfully, made, was enough to have cet the mbst frigid blood on fire, and it - may be easily understood, that the excitement did no!; grow less With what it fed on. At the tail end of a. wild plank Bcamper and scramble on deck, I being last, the third mate let go the rope which held up one end of the last plank. I was right, in the centre'of it, and i went down into the green water with a splash and an impetus that was as powerful as it was sndden. ' So.pawerful was it, and so deep was I carried down, that when, with the* natural • impulse of a swimmer, I sought the surface, I found that I had been taken underneath the i rudder, and had come up on the port quarter. However. I simply thought of sharks, swam to and scrambled upon the lower cross beam of the piles of the pier, and lost no time in gaining my berth to change my clothes. I saw no one on my road thither. Having put on dry togs, I returned on deck. "A hen there I was surprised io iind it deserted for the poop. AU the forms on the poop, ioo, were leaning over the starhoard going alter on below and stern with rails, evident watching anxiety something and interest. On running to the starboard side I Saw two or three excited swimmers in the water, while a boat, manned by strained and anxioui men, paddled about in a purposeless fashion. Without a moment's hesitation, I made for the ccal-bunkers, down near the fore hatch, and hid myself. I had an idea I would be a ghost. I .had read of ghosts—ghastly white Bheet th'ngs, surmounted with a scooped-out turnip, grimly lighted with a candle. But I would be a real, live, flesh-and-blood ghost, would outghost all other ghosts. I lay in concealment, and thought it out with a keen appetite. Fortune seemed to favour my intentions, for by-and- bye Liverpool Jack descended the steep and narrow hold with a coal bucket in order to get the fuel needed for the afternoon's service. Of course, Jack would help me. "Jack," I whispered. "Who, in the name of St. Patrick is there?" he replied. It's me, Os," I rejeined, as I emerged from my greater into his lesser obscurity. "Ob, the devil! Oh, holy Mary!" he ejaculated in somewhat strange combination of personalities, " is it a ghost you are. The Lord save us!" No, Jack," I said, " it's really me. I'm not drowned. I wes only larking. Jack. I'm all right. I'm biding here, and I'm going to givj Nautilus a fright to-night. By golly, won't it be fun. I want you to help me; I know you will, Jack." But I was reckoning without my host, and the result proved that I knew too much. Jaok was not such a reckless scoundrel as I had considered him to be. Imagine my astonishment when, instead of entering into my project, Jack, with one blow of his fist that made me see stars, and with a hissed-out, "Take that," sent me spinning. Then he caught hold of me end on, and literally passed me up the steep bunker-hatch, landed me OD deck, and proceeded to give me the warmest rope's-ending I ever got in my life. He was a Herculean-built fellow, of 5 feet 11 inches or so, just 20, and in the very pink of strength and courage. So you can guess that I dely relished the entertainment he provided for my benefit. His forcible commentarieo, both in speech and in deed, upon me, brought all hands to the scene, but I was well pummelled before he threw me off, and gaspingly exclaimed to the mystified crowd—" The young rascal went and hid and wanted to play .the ghost; the whole ship's company after him for two hours, and here are the police and the third mate with the drags/' I had rerer counted upon my supposed drowning causing such a fuss; nor bad I thought to turn popular indignation against me in this manner. It appeared that the third mate had gone nearly frantic over my supposed death, which he attributed to his own thoughtless act. From his hands I reseived a secoud rope's-ending. arid the cuffs fioj the " bosun" that evening were not "fewand far between." It was •with aching bones I retired to a bpare cabin on the deckhouse—where there were some old ropes and other lumber—after my evening duties were performed. I dared not go into the " fokes'l" until the men had gone, most of them having evening leave on shore. I reviewed my position. When quiet reigned "forrad" I slunk to my berth, and grabbed hurriedly'my best suit of clothes and a shore hat—technically called a cheesecutter—ef which I was in no small degree proud. Getting back again to tbe spare cabin, I donned my best togs over the clothes I had on, and stealthily leaped from tbe port fore-chains on to the pier. I had Australia before me now without a copper in my pocket. I walked quickly ont of the lighted streets of Sandridge into unknown darkness, and soon discovered that I was following the line of the beach. Steadily on through n plantation, which I now know to have been Albert Park, away past St. Kilda, not daring to stop. I found myself at about two or three o'clock in the morning in what appeared to be the country, and turned towards a farmhouse, on whose premises I could make out the existence of.a haystack. I was lucky enough to find that a great wedge had been cut out of one stack, that a ladder stood up against it, and that a tarpaulin covered the untbatched cut portion. Creeping under this covering, Z soon forgot all my woes and my ghostly ambitions. On the next day I got a feed from the kindly farmer's wife, and found that I was a short distanoe from a place styled Brighton-on-the-Beach. I. never told the good dame, where I had slept though. That was my first night on Australian soil. 