Thomas Carlyle.* It is ten years since the great mail who has just passed away placed in the hands of Mr. Froude a col lection of MSS, for publication — if it was deemed fitting — after death. These two volumes of ' Reminis cences ' form but a small portion of this collection, and are now printed immediately after Carlyle's death, in accordance with his own wish. It was purposed, indeed, that the type should be set up while lie was still alive, and could himself revise what lie had written. But the effort was found to be too much for him, and Mr. Froude lias now entered upon the first part of the solemn duties of his literary executorship in this publication. A brief preface explains these circumstances — defines the ?editor's responsibility — and gives the leading incidents of Carlyle's life. And it may be said that no more affecting revelation of the sorrows, the noble tender ness, the heroic submission to suffering of a great heart has been given to the world for a long time than that which is contained in these two volumes. The first of these papers was written some fifty years ago in London, at the time of the death of Carlyle's father — indeed within a few days of Carlyle's hearing of that ?event. It is intituled ' James Carlyle of Ecclefechan Mason.' It would not perhaps bo an easy task to search through our literature for an example of more perfect tenderness and power in portraiture. The rugged and yet most gentle Scottish peasant, so strong — so lovable — so simple — so believing, stands out from these pages as a figure perfectly known to us. It is not the least certain note of the completeness of the work- that one forgets in contemplating it tlie greatness of the title to the world's reverence in the fact of the man being the father of 'Carlyle, and only rests gratefully and lovingly upon tho perfect character of the man himself. Carlyle ?lingers over the recollections of the sweetness of this noble nature. ' He was to the last the pleasantost man I had to speak with in Scotland.' He is grateful that Heaven has spared him the separation until he is «ble to bear it ; till he too, ' by manifold struggles feels his feet on the everlasting rock ; ' and can say, mot with unwet eyes nor with unsoftened heart, Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord ; they do jest from their labours, and their works follow them.' ' Yes, their works follow them. The force that had been lent iny father ho honourably expended in manful well doing. A portion of this planet bears beneficent traces of .his strong hand and strong head. Nothing that he under took to do but he did it faithfully and like a true man. I «ball look on the houses he built with a certain proud in terest. They stand firm and sound to the heart all over his little district. No one that comes after him will ever say, * here was the finger of a hollow eye-servant.' They are little texts for mo of the gospel of man's free will. Nor will his deeds and sayings in any case be found unworthy — not false andbarren, but genuine and fit. Nay, am not I also the humble James Carlyle's work P I owe him much more than existence, I owe him a noble inspiring example (now that I can read it in that rustic character). It was he ex ?clusively that determined on educating me ; that from his small hard-earned fundB sent me to school and college, and made mo whatever 1 am or may become. Let me not jnoum for my father, let me do worthily of him. So shall he still live even here in me, and his worth plant itself hon ourably forth into new generations.' The example of his father's life, ho hopes, he even f-rays, God to keep constantly before his eyes. Tho humble Scottish stonemason is to teach his great son from the grave. ' Let me write my books as he built bis houses. Let me learn of him.' lie thanks G-od .humbly and fervently for giving him such a father ; and has ' a sacred pride ' in his peasant father, 'and 'would not exchange him even now for any king known to me ' : — ' The more I reflect on it, the more I must admire how completely nature had taught him ; how completely he was devoted to his work— to the task of his life, and content to let all pass by unheeded that had not relation to this. It is -a singular fact, for example, that, though a man of such openness and clearness, he had never, I believe, read three pages of Burns' poems. Not even when all about him be came noisy and enthusiastic, I the loudest on that matter, -did he fed it worth while to renew his investigation of it, or once turn his face towards it. The poetry he liked (he ?did not call it poetry) was truth, and the wisdom of reality. Burns indeed could have done nothing for him. As high a greatness hung over his world as over that of Burns— the ever-present greatnes6of the Infinite itself. Neither was he, like Burns, called to rebel against the world, but to labour patiently at his task there, uniting the possible with the necessary to bring out the real, wherein also lay an ideal. Bums could not have in any way strengthened him in this course, and, therefore, was for him a phenomenon merely. Nay, rumour had been so busy with Burns, and destiny and Lis own desert had in very deed so marred his name that the good rather avoided him. Yet it was not with aversion that my father regarded Burns ; at worst with indifference and neglect. I have heard him speak of once seeing him stand ing in ? Rob Scott's smithy ' (at Ecclefechan, and no doubt superintending some work). He heard one say, 'There is the poet Bums.' He went out to look and saw a man with boots on, like a well-dressed farmer, walking down the village on the opposite side of the burn. This was all the relation these two men ever had ; they were very nearly coevals.f I knew Robert Burns, and I knew my father. Yet were you to ask me which had the greater natural ?faculty, 1 might perhaps actually pause before replying. Bums had an infinitely wider education, my father a far wholesomer. Besides, the one was a man of musical utter ance ; the other wholly a man ot action, with speech sub servient thereto. Never, of all the men I have seen, has one come personally in my way in whom the endowment from * Reminiscences by Thomas Carlyle Edited by James Anthony froude. In two volumes. 1881. t Burns died the year after Thoaias Carlyle was bom. nature and the arena from fortune were so utterly out of all proportion. 1 have said this often, and partly know it. As a man of speculation — had culture ever unfolded him — he must have gone wild and desperate as Burns ; but he was a man of conduct, and work keeps all right. What strange Bhaptable creatures we are ! My father's education was altogether of the worst and most limited. ' I believe he was never more than three months at any school. What he learned there showed what he might have learned. A solid j knowledge of arithmetic, a fine antique handwriting — these, with other limited practical etceteras, were all the things he i ever heard mentioned as excellent. He had no room to strive for more. Poetry, fiction in general, he had univer sally seen treated as not only idle, but false and criminal. This was the spiritual element he had lived in, almost to old age. But greatly his most important culture he had gathered — and this, too, by his own endeavours — from the better part of the district, the religious men ; to whom, as to the most excellent, his own nature*gradually attached and attracted him. - He was religious with the consent of his whole faculties. Without religion he would have been nothing. Indeed, his habit of intellect was tho roughly free, and even incredulous. And strongly enough did the daily example of this work afterwards on me. * Putting out the natural eye of his mind to see better with a telcscope ' — this was no scheme for him. But he was in Annandale, and it was above fifty years ago,* and a gospel was still preached there to the heart of a man in the tones of a man. Religion was the pole-star for my father. Rude and uncultivated as he otherwise was, it made him and kept bim ' in all points a man.' Oh ! when I think that all the area in boundless space he had seen was limited to a circle of some fifty miles diameter (he never in his life was farther or elsewhere so far from home as at Craigen puttoch), and all his knowledge of the boundless time was derived from his Bible and what the oral memories of old men could give him, and his own could gather ; and yet, that he was such I could take shame to myself. I feel to ruy father — so great though so neglected, 60 generous also towards me — a strange tenderness, and mingled pity and reverence peculiar to the case, infinitely soft and near my heart. Was he not a sacrifice to me ? Had I stood in his place, and could he mot have stood in mine, and more ? Thou good father ! well may I for ever honour thy memory. Surely that act was not without its reward. And was not nature great out of such materials to make such a man ?' The portion of the life and life-friendship of Edward Irving is perhaps in a mere literary point of view the most finished of all the pieces in the two volumes. This was drawn in 1866 (Irving died in 1834) ; and Carlyle says after these thirty-two years had passed away, ' The memory of him is still clear and vivid with me in all points ? his last visit as fresh as if it had been yesterday ; and he has a solemn massive and even pitiable though not much blamable or a heart even blamable, and to me always dear and most friendly aspect in these vacant kingdoms of the past' The family of the Irvings lived near Carlyle's birthplace, and were all known to his father. If time and space permitted, a sketch of Irving's schoolmaster might be adverted to — who was al6o once or twice for a few weeks, as substitute for some absentee, Carlyle's teacher. Carlyle eulogises the schoolmaster's attainments — geometry, Latin, arith metic, English syntax. ' But what he did profess or imagine himself to know he knew in every fibre, and to the very bottom. A more rigorously solid teacher of tho young idea, so far as he could carry it, you might have searched for through the world in vain.' It is of this old schoolmaster, as a type of the kind of citizen which Britain used to have, that h9 indulges in the gro tesque piece of humour, in which he contrasts the pro ducts of our modern civilisation — ' very different,' he Bays, ' from the Demosthenes DisraeliB, and inspired young Goschens. Weep, Britain, if the latter are among the honourable you now have.' Carlyle recognizes the diligence, the beautiful sympathy and ingenuity of Mrs. Oliphant's well-known life of Irving, which he says is ' nowhere so true and touch ing to me as in that last portion where it is drawn almost wholly from his own letter to his wife.' The recollections of Lord Jeffrey, which are contained in the first part of the second volume, open with a very striking picture of the ' Outer House,' in Parliament square, Edinburgh, on the evening of November 9, 1809- — the day on which Carlyle entered that city for the first time : — ' An immense hall, dimly lighted from the top of the walls, and perhaps with candles burning in it here and there, all in strange chiaroscuro, and filled with what I thought (exaggevatively) a thousand or two of human creatures, all astir in a boundless buzz of talk, and simmer ing about in every direction, somo solitary, some in groups. By degrees I noticed that some were in wig and black gown, some not, but in common clothes, all well dressed ; that here and there, on the sides of the hall, were little thrones with enclosures, and steps leading up, red-velvet figures sitting in said thrones, and the black-gowned eagerly speaking to them ; advocates pleading to judges, as I easily understood. How they could be heard in such a grinding din was somewhat a mystery. Higher up on the walls, stuck there like swallows in their nests, sate other humbler figures. These I found were the sources of certain wildly plangent lamentable kinds of sounds or echoes which from' time to time pierced the universal noise of feet and voices, and rose unintelligibly above it as if in the bitterness of incurable woe. Criers of the court, I gradually came to understand. And this was Themis in her 4 Outer House,' such a scene of chaotic din and hurly burly as I had never figured before. It seems to me there were four times or ten times as many people in that ' Outer House ' as there now usually are, and doubtless there is something of fact in this, such have been the curtailments and abatements of law practice in the head courts since then, and transference of it to the county jurisdiction. Last time I was in that Outer House (some six or seven years ago, in broad daylight), it seemed like a place fallen asleep, fallen almost dead.' Though he was familiar with the figure of Jeffrey in the Courts as early as 1811 — a year or two before the latter became famous — Carlyle bad no personal acquaintance with Jeffrey till 1827, when they were brought together by Barry Cornwall, whom Carlyle had long known intimately and much esteemed. From the first Jeffrey seems to have inspired a feeling of regard and admiration. Bright, graceful, courteous, witty, and unselfish, bis entry into the loneliness of Carlyle's life— apart from their ultimate intellectual association — was a pleasure and a blessing. ' An im mense acquisition to me,' says Carlyle ; and again, ' It made us feel as if no longer cut off and isolated, but fairly admitted, a life to be admitted, and taken in tow by the world and its actualities.' There is much grim humour in the picture of his intercourse with Jeffrey in the early times of their friend ship — Jeffrey, with his brilliant, practical, and thoroughly party intellect, refusing to gratify Carlyle's longing to hear the former speak of his experiences in the world, and bending his energies to converting Carlyle from 'German Mysticism' into what he calls 'Dead Edinburgh Whiggism, scepticism, and materialism.' Carlyle became a contributor to the Edinburgh Review, sending his first article on ' Jean Paul Bichter ' 600n after his introduction to Jeffrey, and shortly aftewards an article on German literature generally. This was the beginning of a friendship some years later heavily shadowed by cir cumstances at once sad and somewhat grotesque. The astronomical observatory at Edinburgh was about to be remodelled, and a fit observer was required. Carlyle, poor, looking about for remunerative employ * Written in 1832. ment of come Knd, ' eagerly anxious,' as he Bays, 'of some humblest anchorage in the finance way among his fellow-creatures' — thought of this office for himself. He confesses that in anything like special preparedness for such employment, he had no qualifications. He had hardly ever looked through^ a telescope, but he had ' good strength in mathematics and in astronomy,' and did not doubt that he would be able to discharge the duties satisfactorily ; — ' In a word I had got into considerable spirits about that astronomical employment, fancied myself in the silent mid night interrogating the eternal stars, etc., with something of real geniality— in addition to financial considerations ; aud, after a few days, in the light friendly tone, with modesty and brevity, applying to my Lord Advocate for his countenance as the first or preliminary step of procedure, or perhaps it was virtually in his own appointment— or per haps again (for I quite forget), I wrote rather as inquiring what he would think of me in reference to it ? The poor bit of letter still seems to me unexceptionable, and the an swer was prompt and surprising ! Almost, or quite by re turn of poBt, 1 got not a flat refusal only, but an angry vehement, almost shrill-sounding mid scolding one, as if it had been a crime and an insolence in the like of me to think of such a thing. Thing was intended^ as I soon found, for his old Jermyn Street secretary (my taciturn friend with the blear eyes) ; and it was indeed a plain inconvenience that the like of me Ehould apply for it, but not a crime or an in solence by any means. * The like of me ? ' thought I, and my provocation quickly subsided in contempt. For I had in Edinburgh a kind of mathematical reputation withal, and could have expected votes far stronger than Jeifrey' son that subject. But I perceived the thing to be settled, believed withal that the poor secretary, though blear-eyed when I last saw him, would do well enough, as in effect I understood he did ; that his master might have reasons of his own for wishing a provisionary settlement to the poor man; and that in short I was an outsider and had nothing to say to all that. By the first post I accordingly answered, in the old light style, thanking briefly for at least the quick dispatch, affirming the maxim bis dat qui ciio dat even in case of refusal, and good- humouredly enough leaving the matter to rest on its own basis. Jeffrey returned to it, evidently somewhat in repentant incod (his tone had really been Eplenetic i-puttiry and improper, poor worried man) ; but I took no notice, and only marked for my own private behoof, what exiguous resource of practical help for me lay in that quarter, and how the economical and useful, there as else where, would always override the sentimental and orna mental. ' I had internally no kind of aneer against my would-be generous friend. Had not he after all a kind of gratuitous .regard for me ; perhaps as much as I for him ? Nor was there a diminution of respect, perhaps only a clearer view how little respect there had been ! My own poor task was abundantly serious, my posture in it solitary; and I felt that silence would be* fittest. Then and subsequently I exchanged one or two little notes of business with Jeffrey, but this of late autumn 1833 was the last of our sentimental passages ; and may be said to have closed what of cor respondence we had in the friendly or effusive strain. For several years more he continued corresponding with my wife ; and had I think to the end a kind of lurking regard to us willing to show itself ; but our own struggle with the world was now become stern and grim, not fitly to be interrupted by these theoretic flourishes of epistolary trumpeting ; and (towards the finale of ' French Revolu tion,' if I recollect), my dearest also gave him up, and nearly altogether ceased corresponding.' They met frequently afterwards in London, Edinburgh, and elsewhere. Jeffreys always called upon Carlyle in his subsequent visits to London ; and Carlyle punc tually called upon Jeffreys if passing through Edin burgh ; but the old frankness, tenderness, and confi dence were gone — as distant as the stars which Carlyle had hoped to have interrogated in the silent midnight at Edinburgh. But the influence of Jeffrey upon Carlyle is manifest in every line of this paper. Of no other critic or man of lettters among his contempora ries has he spoken, in terms of such warm appreciation, — indeed it might be said of such extravagant admira tion. It i3 in these words he closes this part of his re collections : — ' He was not deep enough, pious or reverent enough, to have been great in literature ; but he was a man intrinsi cally of veracity ; said nothing without meaning1 it to some considerable degree, had the quickest perceptions, excellent practical discernment of what lay before- him ; was in earnest too, though not ' dreadfully in earnest in short, was well fitted to set forth that ' Edinburgh Review ' (at the dull opening of our now so tumultuous century), and become coryphaeus of his generation in the waste, wide spreading and incalculable course appointed it among the centuries ! I used to find in him a finer talent than any he has evidenced in writing. This was chiefly when he got to speak Scotch, and gave me anecdotesof old Scotch Brax fields and vernacular (often enough but not always cynical) curiosities of that type ; which he did with a greatness of gusto quite peculiar to the topic, with a fine and deep sense of humour, of real comic mirth, much beyond what was noticeable in him otherwise ; not to speak of the perfection of the mimicry, which itself was something. I used to think to myself, ' Here is a man whom they have kneaded into the Ehape of an Edinburgh reviewer, and clothed the soul of in Whig formulas and blue and yellow ; but he might have been a beautiful Goldoni too, or some thing better in that kind, and have triven us comedies and aerial pictures true and poetic of human life in a far other way ! ' There was something of Voltaire in him, something even in bodily features ; those bright-beaming, switt and piercing hazel eyes, with their accompaniment of rapid keen expres sion in the other lineaments of face, resembled one's notion of Voltaire ; and in the voice, too, there was a fine half plangent kind of metallic ringing tone which used to remind me of what I fancied Voltaire's voice might have been : ' voix sombre et majestueuse,' Duvernet calls it. Tb.e cul ture and respective natal sceneiy of the two men had been very different ; nor was their magnitude of faculty anything like the same, had their respective kinds of it been much more identical than they were. You could not deliue Jeffrey to have been more than a potential Voltaire ; say ''Scotch Voltaire ; ' with about as much reason (which was not very much) as they used in Edinburgh to call old Playfair the ' Scotch D'Alembert.' Our Voltaire, too, whatever else might be said of him, was at least worth a large multiple of our D'Alembert! A beautiful little man the former of these, and a bright inland to me and to mine in the sea of things, of whom it is now again mourn ful and painful to take farewell.' It would be a kind of profanity to attempt an analysis, in however reverential a spirit, of the heart breaking paper on Jane Welsh Carlyle. One feels in the presence of a spirit so fair and bright, ' with some thing of angelic light ' — of a sorrow so crushing and complete that to intrude upon it is to 'taste the grave, and to enter into the regions and possession of Death.' We shall leave thie portion* of the book untouched. It is too sacredly beautiful for criticism. In an appendix is given Carlyle's recollections of some men of letters whom he had met with in his life. The paper containing these remembrances is of a very fragmentary and imperfect nature. It is characteristically intituled ' Reminiscences of Sundry,' and is dated as having been begun on January 28, and finished on March 8, 1867, at Mentone (Alpes Maritimes). The paper is of little value as a matured critical judgment of the genius and place in our literature of any of the distinguished men who are spoken about by the author. Indeed, it com* mences by a repudiation of the title of any of them to real greatness as being worthy of more than a transient remembrance; and none of them were to Carlyle, to use his own words, 'ever virtually interest- 1 ing. or consummately admirable.' Southey is the subject of the first of these recollections. Of the time when he became first acquainted with Southey's books Carlyle can give no account. It is probable that it was long after Southey was widely known and admixed. It is possible that it was not till he had become poet laureate, and was exposed to the tempest of abuse and malignity which that appointment provoked. Indeed, Carlyle's attention appears to have been called to the poet rather by his humiliations than by his achievements, by the abuse and slander and heartless attacks of newspaper j writers, superficial reviewers, and contemptible pamph leteers, rather than by the rare genius, the true nobility of life, and that which in late years Carlyle found in the man — the 'piety, the gentle deep jgjgj affection, the reverence for God and man, flj full of self pity, like the wailings of a mother, and yet with a clang of chivalrous valour finely audible too.' Carlyle enjoyed the attacks upon Southey, and it was not till a year or two later that his poems seem to have come to the hands of Carlyle. He then read ' Thalaba,' ' Curse of Kehama,' ' Joan of Arc,' and these at once awoke in his breast kind lier and more respectful feeling. His estimate o£ Southey is pretty much that of Thackeray in the well known passage in one of his lectures, where he saya that although we have left the poef s old political land marks miles and miles behind, protest against his dog matism — nay, begin to forget it and his politics : ?hrewdly suspect that in the contest between Time and Thalaba the former is the victorious destroyer, and that few people are now frightened by the Curse of Kehama, yet that tenderness and admiration and reverence will be cherished for bis life as long as kind hearts like to sympathize with goodness and purity and love, and upright life. It was in 1836 or 1837 that Carlyle made the acquaintance of Southey, through the friendly offices of the author of ' Phillip von Artevelde.' At this interview Southey quoted 6ome ver6e3 which Carlyle somehow believed to be Southey's own, but which, on being questioned, he declared to be Praed's. Carlyle still cherished the suspicion that the verses were Southey'6, notwithstand ing the disavowal; but he subsequently met — he de clares — with the same verses in 6ome review of a reprint of Praed's works. The recollection of this quotation of Southey's suggests a few sentences concerning Praed himself. It is very doubtful whether Carlyle had any thing beyond the merest superficial acquaintance with Praed. Indeed he speaks of him as if he derived his knowledge from a ' biographical sketch by some pious and regretful old friend of his and rather refers to his academic and political distinctions than to his literary performances. But surely there is nothing in the world to justify the assertion that 'the poor young man died and sunk at once into oblivion — tragical, though not unmerited nor extraordinary.' Poor Praed, whose brightness and quaintness, and Hood like combination of pathos with humour, were so fascinating — and whose career gave promise of euch brilliant achievement, is, however, referred to in these terms of sad disparagement ; and yet one might have thought that if Carlyle cared little for the author of Lidian's Love, he would have had a kindly and a grateful remembrance of the man who sang of the Covenanters ' mangled and marred upon the bloody pil low of their rest' in the ' Lament for Both well Brigg.' Soutbev would, of course, have loved and admired Praed, who deeply reverenced Southey's genius. In one of his mOBt touching pieces to his wife, accompany ing a presentation of Southey's books, Praed asks her to 'prize these tomes of golden rhyme,' Of Southey's intense BenBibility, his highly wrought nervous excitability, the manifest suffering which un kindness of any sort caused him, and the fervour of his happiness when the ' pleasant theme was touched genially,' Carlyle speaks with much eloquence. Look ing on the fine face of the poet with its ' amiable red blush, beautiful as a young girl's,' when he was happy, and the serpent-like flash of blue or black blush (this fact very few rarely knew, though it did occur too) when you start upon the opposite.' Carlyle marvels how the man had managed to keep alive — had not been torn asunder by his sensibilities — furiously pulling this way and that. And with noble charity, and perhaps with deep philosophy, he solves the difficulty by attributing Southey's preservation to his ' thoroughly honest heart,' There are many pages devoted to Southey ; but with the exception of a passage having reference to Shelley, there is not much to interest the reader in Carlyle'e recollections of the poet. They spoke of Shelley, of whom and of whose life Southey spoke ' without bitterness, but with contemptuous sorrow and evident aversion, mingled with pity.' This is easily enough understood. In every circumstance of his brief and sad and eager life, he had declared war to the deepest convictions of Southey. Between Shelley and Southey there was an impassable gulf. The author of ' Queen Mab,' and of ' The Sensitive Plant,' was one upon whom Southey would look with unpitving eyes. But Carlyle's criticism is more difficult of comprehen sion. ' To me, also,' he says, ' poor Shelley always was, and is, a kind of ghostly object — colourless, pallid, without health, or warmth, or vigour; the sound of him shrieking poetry, as if a ghost were trying ' to sing to us ' ; the temperament of him spasmodic, hysterical, instead of strong or robust ; with fine affections and associations gone all such a road — a man infinitely too weak for that solitary scaling of the Alps which ho undertook, in spite of all the world,' . Of all epithets to be applied to Shelley, surely that of ' colourless ' is the unhappiest. A deeper and a subtler critic has not failed to point out that no one since Shakespeare and Spenser has painted so magnificently — ' The sanguine sunrise, with his meteor eyes, And his burning plumes outspread.' About 1840 Carlyle met Wordsworth. It is in these words that he speaks of him : — ' Of Wordsworth I have little to write that could ever be of U6c to myself or others. I did not see him much, or till latish in my course see him at all ; nor did we deeply admire one another at any time .' Of me in my first times he had little knowledge ; and any feeling he had towards me, I suspect, was largely blended with abhorrence and perhaps a land of fear. His works 1 knew, but never con siderably reverenced ; could not, on attempting it. . A man recognisably of strong intellectual powers, strong character ; given to meditation, and much contemptuous of the un meditative world and its noisy nothingnesses ; had a fine limpid style of writing and delineating, in his small way ; a fine limpid vein of melody too in him (as of an honest rustic fiddle, good, and well handled, but wanting two or more of the strings, and not capable of much !) In fact a rather dull, hard-tempered, unproductive, and almost wearisome kind of man ; not adorable, by any means, as a great poetic genius, much less as the Tresinegistus of such; whom only a select a few could ever read, instead of mis reading, which was the opinion his worshippers confidently entertained of him ! Privately I had a real respect for him withal, founded on his early biography (which Wilson, of Edinburgh, had painted to me as of antique greatness). ' Poverty and Peasanthood! Be it so! but we consecrate ourselves to the muses, all the same, and will proceed on those terms, heaven aiding «. ' This, and what of faculty I did recognise in the man, gave me a clear esteem of him as of one remarkable and fairly beyond common,— not to disturb which, I avoided speaking of him to his worship pers ; or, if the topic turned up, would listen with an acqui escing eye. But to my private self his divine reflections and unfathomabilities 6eeme& stinted, scanty, palish, ani ancertsin ; perhaps in part a feeble reflex (derived at second handthrongh. Coleridge) of the immense German fond of - such : — and I reckoned his poetic storehouse to bo far from an opulent or well furnished apartment ! It was perhaps about 1810 that I first had any decisive meeting with Wordsworth, or made any really personal acquaintance with him. In parties at Taylor's I may have seen him before ; knt we had no speech together, nor did we specially notice one another. One such time I do remember (probably be fore, as it was in my earlier days of Sterling acquaintance chip, when Sterling used to argue much with me) ; 'Words- worth sat silent, almost next to me, while Sterling took to asserting the claims of Kotzebue as a dramatist (' recom 1 mended even by Goethe,' as he likewise urged) ; whom I with pleasure aid my endeavour to explode from that mad notion, and thought (as I still recollect), ' This will perhaps please Wordsworth too ; ' who, however, gave not the least sign of that or of any other feeling. I had various dialogues ^ with him in that same room ; but those, 1 judge, were all or mostly of after date.' The judgment is so strange, so utterly unaccountable, that one is tempted either to doubt the value of Carlyle's critical faculty in poetry, or to suppose, for example, t.Viitf Buch a man as the author of the ' Christian Year ' jn the well-known dedication of his Prelections on Poetry, delivered before the University of Oxford, and inscribed to Wordsworth, was guilty of meaningless extravagance of eulogy. But it is idle to speculate upon the matter. It is inexplicable that Carlyle should have so regarded one, of whom it may be said that from millions of cultivated men and women ' thoughts of gratitude fall like dew upon his grave ; ' as the great poet himself sang in the prelude, of his own thoughts of a humble creature whom he had loved. And it is the more marvellous because in the works of no other poet in our language, one would have thought could Carlyle have found such pure sources of whatever poor human consolation can be found for such suffering as he was doomed to bear, as in those of liim who showed how — ' The primal duties shine aloft like stars : The charitics that soothe, and heal, and bless, Are scattered at the feet of men — like flowers.' We have abstained -rom allusion to some of the wilder utterances about contemporary men of genius (entirely unworthy as the utterances are of the name of criticism) which are to be found here and there. Host lamentable is that upon Charles Lamb and his sister, which we think might, and indeed ought, not to have been allowed to disfigure the awfully affecting picture of Carlyle's domestic life in which it appears. No estimate of the most delicate humourist, and one of the very noblest men of letters in the literature of England, is more false, more cruel, and more absolutely unintelligible than that which is unfortunately con tained in this allusion. To Carlyle Elia presented but ' a ghastly make-believe of wit,' '^diluted in sanity,' and even his physical infirmities, hia stutter, and his trembling gait were the ' emblems of imbecility, bodily and spiritual.' Alas! that such heaiiless and revolting absurdities, flung, as it were,- in the face of the world's love and pity, should have disturbed the solemn religious frame of mind into which one is put by the contemplation of so much nobleness, so much truth and real grandeur of soul as are to be found in this book. 