' The judging a. exhlhbita in the horse olasis commenollod, or rather was rosumeod on theo deond dnyCtbout eloven ,.m., the gentlo moen w'loso namee are nlroeadly lletion?lqd naoting as judge,, Muhli more, in. torest wae evinceld ,n the UoClnd day. by ,visltora in the exhibits that jlaraded the ring, jindr there couill not heve been lone thion li00 peoronn erowdlol erouonl it. One ot the gentleonie ineide the ring ob, served thatl the orcethon of a raisoed pilat fomn would well reojicy the coC (of orcotion li1d be a greart icioveuieoIe to vlire, iloring the annual ohows oiqielpl ,' tluowar d s, h )rouse. D. Grahalbs lii"?i cy.16r villo, and \, Waelmoley, ihaed oniO dilli. culty in kcolping tMu ring clear during the day, no dIoniea wsie the criiwd of ploollo wlii pu'Rssed onii thu ropei), and to ladiic ruiieially it miumut hluave Iioon very f?itigum. ing to remain on their feet, for luoure to gotlhor. I,',r thorne ciiuiaully nouatl ahould ieo 1irovidoel, midl a ofew ruuitis ronatn on thilu ibwm rt iriullnd woill aost but little. ''luho 7'hit hlt ualledu in wuur~ th lciovl ipacud laclkuiyi. the qualitlceul f w wlilli eore to hli teututul Oii th liiiW uei'uuind fuirlildeg a condiitiiun of tluh Iprizu, No lanu than nix. tiuon (if trhea e mouiitcoil anld it mlne ho nali withoutn fear of contradllotion tlihat they wero in Iblouding, colour, lnd' mctili, wilutiliCr ]itJuh tligl y oFr n, wholy, the beat ring rof saleable hackneys that hls yet' been exhibited at Kiama. Indceedl, the writer heard the judges say that they have not seeo a superior lot of steeds at any show, and tlhe i. xperienc of either of the gentlemuon actnig as uld.'es is not limited to one district or one cJlony. Tho judging of this lot was a dilti. cult task, but the prize takers were promineilt for brooding, paces, and spirit, though, to one not an export, any of the! sixteen might beconsidered in high form. The horse to rwhoso owner first'prizo was awarded. Mr.'H. Love's chestnut goldiiig, " H:dlly Mount," 5'years, by "The Drone" out of a " Lord of the Hill's" dam. Holly Mount is a noble steed, (brod by Mr..J. Miller of Lake George) and deserved the laurels though so .keonly .contested. Messrs. W. and J. Buohanan'as Gentlike was coint'nt 'with'seeond prize, though he' was generally: adinired for'showy etibon. Mr. Ri. Oordon's Darkie, by Ben Bolt by Trump Card and Mr. Hugh Love's bay six.year old golding " Get Bck" by '! Stockivell," dai "Maivourneon " were "b'dth con*. mended.,i The latter has' proved.hiiisolf to' be a splendid oourser, being from the stud of H. Mass'oy, Esq., of Oundaroo.e, Tile selection of the. boat hunter-to leap 3 foot ( inches-from fourteen competitors was no easy task.. Some of tho. horcs moved woll, but when faced to the hIurdle defeated tlo best efforts 'of their riders in attempting to got them'to rise over the pole. Ths absence of guiding poles or wing fences to keep restive' lioses from swerving off iht an annoyance to'hnany a horse owneor, who very properly deemed that it is niot fair to eixpect an untrained horse to leap.wlhore, by an,. extra stride to the right or left he. may avoid jumping., Mr, "', - II Weston lhad great dilioeulty in getting his grand hIunter Kyogle, by Kyogle (ip.), )to face the orowd, but' when he camo to the jump, hlie made on each occasion very little of the' hindle, having cleared it a yard at a time. Several of the horses madesileondid loeaping but trippeod once or twice. TIhe second prize.taolse, Mr, J. Calvert's, had plenty ofhbone and nmuseole, andwaswellu aces thotighl not very good iti sone poiilts. Mesiinoishiitoat Was creoated by.the" franu' ic' efforts of a gentleman riding ai gray horse. The horse baulked, and tvico the i'idor .wontfor mother"earth 'over horse, pole, and all. No nommoesdations wore made by the judges, though a bay and a chestnut, the property ofMr. H,.Frederioks 'ero much adinired and did 'their work well. A roan bay mare ridden,by Mr.l, E, Tate (of' Jimlieroo)'was also promiineunt for good hoiitlig quilitji? I: Tho' prizoe' for ponies syore taken by: Mr, E, 0 , H Westons and' FMr, John 8bymotir of Shollharbour, Both prize ponies were oonsldored excel* lent of their celassa, and out of ton entries, there weoreobut one or two" dwsirfe," with suoch propoertion. MIaster B, Hind. marslas's game . little dappled gray wss the strongoet in the crowd. Mr;W.' Johliaton's piony o was cbioni'ddd: Three pairs of buggy horos?,oompoted for the' blue'; 3Mr: 1. H"Westain again this year takinog the first prico withhis:handsome pair of greys Dick l" and "Kaizer," Mr, W, Jones got secolid foi路a' idce unstandinsg air of bays bred by-Mr, 0omorford of ' tqhavono The next lot were the carriage ll's whioh were driven (in honour) by the ownors-a practice thatmight properly be dispensed with 'Of thoese ight comr pdted; the first prize boeifg taken by Mr, G. 'omerville's ,brown ,'rump. .ard colt a splondid' ai'iil neaorly 17 hatnd liigh, yet did dft 'loik "路"lkggy'-'Lns tlid dealers'say, Thie second prize was. taken by Mr. J. O, Johnseton of Roaed Yaltto~ for a nice black mlure that moyed' idly. Perhasps the besoat broken horse' itlh'e ri hi' a handsome rich' bay ivith ilihk polits driven by Mr. Major of Sydney,:'Thie 'biontbof :theo day was of ladies'hackneye ltobe ridden b/ya lady. TIhat was the iattractive part of it; and withouat any'ttompt at being comic, there is no concealing the fact that the bachelors took a deep:interest in this part of thb'busie' noss. The horsei wore 's splendid' lot in Wvhih the'progeny of Trump Oahd 'aind Oossack were: prominent, Douabtless the judges wore benodicts, but whether admir ing the steeds aor their rideos more than thirty minites-and,doublo the time oqo-. Gidd in'jtidgi' for' othbe lPrites-psie~d' before the awards iver made as follows: 0, W, Oraig's oh h (riden by'Miss'lilligan) first price; W, . &E; J3 Buohanan's blk h Gentliks (rldenh', Missi Wood (Spring Hill), second; Tate Brothera'.ch h (riden by ilMtPi'sdPr)b tliird; I, Girdon~' Darkie (rldden"'by:Mi路路f e Prioe) 'f(nrtlslf;":Couch'e hamtrdbl "(ridden bjy Miss Bhrivlee) fiftlih$' 0\. Wood's (Jambeoro) Last Trial (ridden hy Miss Wood) sixth i Oole B3rothere' Duarkio (ridden h y. Mies:Qole) soventh. 'woenty competed, and wnoroe very flne lot. Ft was suggested that ttlibr'riWit:'""iuo h o.n,evident;ilmprovement)initho.. iostttnis of the fair eqrestrians, iuntheir manage. nont of their steeds, and thoir gsnerml charactor as ridere, thusjidges should send Ilidrii ratsd. thie ritidn'icd to compotd for 'a pika~fdingwo ' ' i ghost merit as riders offered by two getliomon not at P"k'p fitsdof,'e t'i" 'Bonedlotiio ratnlk. Tlirejidagei a' inittod they 'orounlioi'tto the tak bofote tlheoy "commenoed jndalng for this speoolal prizce, and it was soud, evi. ionood that. iii their :oholeo, 'Durlng tIe two.days tohe judges complained tlha thoyt ivord ' lisot eipplied uith tli'orrbot Ne,' 'of ponpoting horoa; mid n inoommonded that in future the entries;, bo made so.tlat each class of oxhlbits niay be found entered in a ionsccutivo order,ung!lor.lts proper:suame 