EPITOME OF NEWS. tS" Wb compile the following Snmmary of Colonial evenU from the various journals to hand Complaints are being made of the action of the gaol authorities in sending female prisoners from Darlingburst to Bathurst to complete their sentences. When dis charged they invariably prove a great an noyance to the police and the public. With regard to larrikinism in Bathurst at the present time, the Western Inde pendent remarks:—" The pranks of these pests to society are assuming new phases in Bathurst. One night last week, four of these fellows walked into a respect able hotel in the city and called for drinks, which were duly served by the publican, aud soon consumed by the men. When they had drunk the liquor, they with smirks and grins pretended to search their pockets for money to pay for it. Of course they found none there, and walked out of the hotel, and have not re turned to discharge the debt of honour. A publican cannot sue in a court of jus tice for drink supplied over the bar, but in such cases as the above, he could give the larrikins into custody for obtaining goods by fraud, and it is a pity he did not adopt this course. On Monday evening (says the Wagga Wagga Express) a young married wo man, named Mrs. Walker, about 23 years of age, was admitted to the hospital suf fering from concussion of the brain and other injuries received in consequence of a fall from a horse. It appears that she mounted a horse which was standing out side Eeane's hotel, North Wagga, where she had been employed as a general ser vant. The horse " bucked" and threw her heavily on the metal road. She was picked up unconscious, and has remained in that condition since her removal to the institution. Recently in the little town of Cooma (says the Manero Mercury) a boar chased a little girl who threw stones at the pig, but the girl escaped. A boy named Burgess set on the pig a valuable dog belonging to Hugh M'Kinnon, and the boar tore open the windpipe of the dog and killed the animal. A drunken policeman is reported to have recently threatened to break into a house at Dalby occupied by three women, one of whom escaped by the back way. The man was secured. There is some in dignation manifested because the police authorities have not yet taken action. We (Manning River Times) were told that a young lady, accompanied by a gal lant escort of course, was proceeding down Albert-street, Tares, on her way home from an evening party, which she was propouncing to her beau " to be so nice," when suddenly she gave a scream, and clinging tightly to her protector (happy man) gaBped out " Look there !" point ing to a horrid-looking apparition of gi gantic proportions a few yards in front. The gentleman, as the ghost appeared stationary, iu duty bound, having so pre cious a charge, proceeded to investigate the matter, and in great trepidation ap proached nearer the object to find it to be some of the circus paraphanalia thrown over a stump. His spirits immediately revived, and he did not forget to boast of the heroic deed he had performed in defence of youth and beauty. The lady did not quite faint, and be declares he was not a bit afraid. As an instance of the unparalleled se verity of the winter in the Cochin Cochin district, Mr. T. Hardcastle supplies the Brisbane Courier with the following :— "A tab was standing outside the fire place on the night of the 2nd July. In the morning a cake of ice I| in. thick was taken off. The cake was placed in the ; Bh&de;, and at 12 o'clock it was still 1 in. , thick ; it did not dissolve till 3 o'clock. . A frost equally as heavy was experienced on the 2nd June, which killed arrowroot, ■ maize, potatoes, &c.; The young gum ■ bushes are all frosted. On the morning of the 15th June a child 2 years old was | placed on a tub of water, the ice on ; which supported the child easily. The milk has been frozen to a solid cake. It I is quite common to see the water frozen , in the houses." ■ The Bateman's Bay correspondent of the Moruya Examiner writes An ex- 1 cedent illustration of the " biter bit" ; came to my knowledge recently. An attorney to whom a somewhat impecu nious client had given a cheque for .£50 in payment of his bill of costs, presented j the cheque several times, but with always 1 the same result, " N.S.F."—not sufficient , funds—in the corner. Almost without ! hope, the attorney presented it, yet once : more, observing to the clerk as he did so, ! "The same old tale, I suppose." The ! clerk looked over the client's account, and having added up the total to his credit, ; remarked quite innocently, " £48 ; only j two short." Suddenly a happy thought < struck the sharp attorney. He would ; pay in £2 of bis own money to the credit of his client and immediately present the cheque, for the payment of which there would then be sufficient funds. Unfortu nately he had not the money in liis pocket. He rushed back to his office, and in less than half an hour re-appeared at the bank, and to make assurance dou bly sure, he paid £5 to the credit of his client's account, and then triumphantly presented hiB cheque of £50 for payment. What waB his dismay when the clerk re turned itt aB before marked "N.S.F. !" " Why, you told me he had £48 to his credit," cried he, " and since that I have paid £5 more." " True," replied the clerk, " but siaoa you left, Mr. has been here, aud drawn out all that was standing to credit !" The Mercury says :—Mr. Alexander Mair, a conditional purchaser in the Gul gong district, now on a visit to Maitland, has shown ub a model of the primitive style of improvements which the pioneers of settlement are alone able to compass. In other words, a representation in little of a selector's but and its surroundings. This species of habitation, with slab walls, bark roofs, the inevitable veran dah, and giassless windows, is lesB com mon now than formerly, for in many lo calities galvanised iron has taken the place of bark and slabs alike, and con stituted a tenement more durable, but certainly less picturesque and Australian than the old bark hut. Mr. Mair, though not a mechanic, has faithfully worked out every detail—the slabbed walls, the sepa rate sheets of bark for the roof, the floor ing, and the straddle-poles which keep the roof in its place. Lichens, and other ve getation of the like nature, have been made to do dnty for trees and shrubs; raoBB represents grass ; and some stones are disposed in a very natural way in the corner of the enclosure in front of the honse—an enclosure formed by a mimic two-railed fence with slip-panel in the middle, where the pathway leads up to door. The model is most interesting, and, in days to come, when the state of things it depicts has been entirely superseded, will give a very vivid idea of the way in which some people have had to live. Land in Adelaide has been sold at the rata of £59,000 per acre. [ Shearing is in full swing at NVilcannia. Mr. Hartley Williams, who was recently appointed Judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria, is a native of Australia. Sir B. O'Loghlen'a Ministry in Victoria is considered very weak. On the journey of the Princes from South Australia to Hamilton, the coach stopped for a few minutes to change horses at a solitary stable between Pe-1 nola and Casterton. The morning (says the Ballarat Courier) was chilly, and j the young gentlemen availed themselves of the opportunity of promoting circula tion by a run round. Presently the younger of the two descried the gloom's wheelbarrow, in which he induced his elder and more sedate brother to enthroue himself, and wheeled him round the stable several times at a merry pace. Sud denly landing biui at the groom's feet, be Baid, " There now, I suppose you'll have that barrow carefully preserved in a glass case." The young gentleman waB not j unobservant of hero worship, and we shouldn't wonder if someone gilds the wheel. A nugget of 80 ounces is reported to have been discovered at Boort, beyond Hebbleburn, in the Inglewood district, Victoria. Indications of good reefs were discovered at the same place. A strong rush appears likely to set in. While a case was being heard in the Echuca Police Court, recently (says the' Advertiser), somebody " trod on^the tail" of a Newfoundland dog, ana it at once set up a loud bowl. The police magistrate (Mr. Graham Webster) said, " Whose dog is that % Constable, find out the owner, and bring him before me." The owner, however, could not be found, and Mr. Webster directed the constable to take the dog away and lock it up. Wbeu the order was given, Mr. Munro, butcher, Echuca East, said, "The dog is mine, your Worship." Mr. Webster said, " Come forward, sir; you are fined 5s. for contempt of court in having your dog here." Mr. Munro paid the fine, and, looking under the table devoted to the use of members of the legal profession, said, "There's another dog here, your Worship." The dog, a small greyhound puppy, was produced from under the table by a constable, and Mr. Webster sharply asked, whose dog is that 2" Mr. Pennyfather, the well-known barrister, replied, " The dog is mine, your Wor ship." Mr. Webster replied, " Very well; you are fiued 5s. for contempt of Court." Mr. Pennyfather said nothing, but it was evident from the expression of his countenance that he " thought a lot." Sir Henry Parkes promised last Tues day evening, in the Assembly, to give his full consideration to the subject of insti tuting a further search fer the remains of the explorer Leichhardt. We (E. News) are informed on the best authority that all the rumours concerning | the Bermagui mystery, and the propa bility of its being soon cleared up, are ab solutely untrue. The police are as far from a clue to it as ever. | The E. News, of July 20th, says:— We are informed that a very injudicious ! act, and one which caused great vexation to a number of people, was committed this morning. A gentleman came out of the quarantined house of Mrs. Bonner, in Pyrmont, and immediately took his seat in a public vehicle, in which were several ' passengers, rno&tly; ladies. Naturally the passengers were highly indignant, and many felt not a little uneasy lest the germs of small-pox had been brought into ! the coach. Who was the errant gentle- j man ? j Last night (remarks " Zigzag, in the j Echo), the Premier made overtures for a truce with Mr. Garrett; in fact, almost sued for peace. He said, " The hon. member might be sileut in regard to per sons who are generally silent in regard to him." In other wordB, " I let you alone, generally ; why can't you do the same to me 1" There can be no question the member for Camden carries one of the toughest lances in Parliament; and as that puissant weapon now rests on the cross benches, a minister may be par doned for not wishing to drive it into op position. The member for Illawarra, also, is a man of weight, and he, too, appears to be duly appreciated. " It was an able argument," said the Premier, referring to that honorable member's speech, " and he had never heard that part of the ques tion argued with greater ability." Very likely ; but if so the Premier must have been up in the clouds when the educa tional controversy was raging a few years ago, for then Mr. Stuart used the same argument against his opponents, and with at least equal ability. Is the Premier in a " dou't-want-to-fight" mood, or does he merely wish to make a discreet selection of an adversary 1 The revenue of the Victorian Railway Department for the past six months ex ceeds that of the previous term by .£154,000, of this .£75,000 is to be devoted towards paying off the interest due on railway debentures. Sir A. H. Palmer's Cambridge Downs Station, Burke district, Queensland, has been purchased by Mr. Henry Young for .£55,000. The proposal to give religious instruc tion to public school children before or after school hours has been tried in Ade laide and failed. The President of the Adelaide Public Teachers' Assembly Btated on Saturday that he had given notice three times at the West Adelaide school that be would read the Bible for half an hour before school hours, but not a single child attended. He tried the experiment in the evening, with the same result. Other teachers generally en dorsed the president's experiences. We (Newcastle Herald) understand that on Monday morning as the barque Glaramarra, bound for Portland (Or.), with a cargo of coal, waB about to proceed to sea, a rather strange scene was enacted. The crew assembled, and going aft to the chief officer in a mob, desired to be put ashore, as they did not intend proceeding on the voyage; further, adding that if forced to go they would, as soon as they got outside, refuse duty, and compel the master to put back. Captain Morton, being informed of the circumstance, pro ceeded ashore, and having purchased re volvers and ammunition for himself and the officers, had his vessel towed out to sea. No cause is assigned for refusal of duty. News has been received at Mornya, that a boat accident which might have terminated with more serious results, happened at Wallaga Lake a few days since. Senior Constable Berry, Consta ble Hughes, and "Peter the Greek," had occasion to go to Montague Island to get a man, charged with wife desertion. Having accomplished their object, they began their return, and reached the bar about 7 p.m. While attempting to cross, the boat was driven on the rocks, the oars smashed, and a hole knocked in her bottom. The occupants narrowly escaped, but Senior Constable Berry was much hurt in his endeavours to save the boat; from being smashed to pieces on the rocks. There were 156 twins born in Queens land during the year 1880, 75 males and 81 females. There were three triplet births, in which there were three males and Bix females. Vacciiiationcontinuespopular In Dubbo. Fifty children a day is the average attend ance on Dr. Tennant. .£60,000 worth of silver coinage has just been brought to Sydney. _ : Mrs. Austin has contributed £8000 for 1 the erection of a hospital for incurables at ! Melbourne. { The Commercial Bank at Walgett has i : been nearly burned down. 1 j Black caterpillars are reported to be j doiug damage to the gardens in Hobart. j ' An old married woman named Briscoe, j ' has been found dead on the beach at Bellerive, Tasmania. Cause of death un- j known. The Princes have a library of well-se lected books on board the Bacchante. Most of the volumes look as if they had been frequently read. During the last few days several pieces of land have been leased at Carcoar by Chinese, for the purpose of cultivating tobacco. Sir Patrick Jennings has presented a valuable statue of St. Patrick to the Roman Catholic Church at Parramatta. Mr. Amos (of the firm of Amos Bros.) is at present in Dubbo. His visit (says the Dispatch), it is understood, is in con nection with the erection of the temporary bridge across the Macquarie at Dubbo. The works along the lineB are being pushed forward with great rapidity. An enterprising hawker from South Australia has (says the Western Champ ion) brought into Western Queensland over eight tons of goods on camels. All of these goods were eaBily disposed of at high prices. We hear that over 100 pairs of Adelaide boots were sold at £1 per pair. There is no one to collect customs dues in these parts of the colony, and no doubt the trade will attract speculators in numbers. Our merchants in Roek hampton and Brisbane ought to take note of this. It having been reported that two Chinamen who recently arrived from Sydney were afflicted with small-pox, at their house, situated about niue miles from Goulburn, on the Crookwell Road, the Superintendent of Police despatched Dr. Gentle, accompanied by two police men, but they found the Chinese all healthy. At 'Wilcannia, stores are being carted from Wentworth at £23 per ton, and by coaches at the rate of £50 per ton. There are no candles or kerosene in the stores there. At a football match at Kyneton, Victoria, on Saturday, one of the players broke his collar-bone. The appointment of a plain clothes' constable in Ballarat Bast, chiefly to pa rade Biidge-street, for the purposes of enforcing the "move-on" bye-law and trying to rid the street of a number of thoughtless young girls, has, so far, had the desired effect. One of the leaders of fashion in Mel bourne goes home shortly to a Detached Squadron officer. The silver coin transmitted to the colo nies in 1880 from the Mint, London, was as follows To New South Wales (Syd ney Mint), £25,000; to Victoria (Mel bourne Mint), £80,000; South Australia, £57,000 ; WeBt Indian colonies, £41,100 ; West Africa, £16,465; Cape of Good Hope. £84,375 ; and Fiji, £5000 ; total, £308,940. The worn silvercoin withdrawn from the colonies amounted to £86,425. The want of rain at Brewarrina is begin ning to be seriously felt, and the drought threatens to become serious. There are great complaints on the part of the squat ters. The Ophir gold field is again attracting attention. A party of practical men are now working at Lewis' Ponds. Numerous fresh discoveries of reefs have also been made near Carcoar. The Ballarat Times records the death of Miss Margaret Hutcheson at the very advanced age of 91. The deceased lady preserved her mental faculties to the last, her eyesight alone of her bodily senses being affected by the ravages of old age. Miss Hutcheson had been in the colony 22 years. She was annt to Mr. W. B. Ran ken, of Saltrani, whose mother, still liv ing with him, and the sister of Miss Hut cheson, is now 84 years of age, and is quite active and hearty. This lady lias been in Australia 60 years, of which 59 have been spent in the neighbourhood of Bathurst, with the exception of two trips to the mother-country. A very sad and fatal accident occurred at Craigie on Wednesday last (the South ern Argus states) to Mr. Velt's child, a little fellow between four and five years of age. From particulars to hand, it ap pears he was near the schoolhouse with some other children, when the ram came up to him, and the child put his hand out, wehear to turn him away. The ram immediately butted the child, and renewed the attack. Miss Terry, who was passing at the time, rushed to the little fellow's assistance, and succeeded in driving the brute off, and she then picked the child up, who was ter ribly bruised and covered with blood. He could not raise his head, and Miss Terry thought he was mortally injured, which proved correct, as be died a few hours af terwards. The Tuena correspondent of the Ba thurst Times states that a dreadful acci deut happened to two unfortunate Chinese diggers at Tuena on Wednesday last. It appeared that three Chinamen were work ing some old ground near Tuena Creek, when about 50 tons of earth gave way, completely covering up one of the men, and burying the other as far as the neck, and jamming him against the bank. After some considerable time, the China man whose head was visible was extri cated, being then alive but much ex hausted. His companion, when uuearthed, was quite dead, and his head was found to i be smashed to a mummy. The one that j was got out alive is not expected to sur- i vive the shock. The third Cbinamau was I at work with the others, but did not get hurt, having just moved away from the place a few seconds before the fall of earth. The Inglewood correspondent of the Melbourne Telegraph reports that in telligence has been received from Boort that a selector named Jones Peterson, living at Yando, some six miles from Boort, has become the fortunate pos sessor of a splendid nugget, weighing about 80 oz. It seems that his children, , while out looking for some cattle, acci- ; dentally dropped across the welcome | stranger, firmly embedded in the ground ' among some roots. It is supposed the nugget must have been lost or secreted where found in the early days, as there are no indications of auriferous country in the exact locality. Had it been found in the mallee the case would have been different, as many old miners settled in the Boort district consider that there is plenty of gold in the mallee. The nugget was purchased by the manager of the National Bank at Boort, and forwarded to towa for assay. The Adelaide Government propose an I amendment of the'Destitute Persons' Be lief Act, with a view to dealing with baby farmers. The Echo, of July 21st, says:—The police have reported to the City Goroner that at about 2 o'clock this morning Mrs. Jane Eames, 41 years of age, wife of Mr. William D. Eames, chemist, died at her residence, No. 14, Oxford-street. Mr. Eames states that deceased left her resi dence on Wednesday, intending to call and see her mother or sister, both of whom reside at Wynyard-square, and did not return until 8 o'clock in the evening. She passed behind the counter and went into a room off the shop. Mr. Eames then missed a bottle (containing a solu tion of opium) from the shelf, and told a boy in his employment, named William Gavan, that Mrs. Eames had taken it. The boy went and questioned Mrs. Eames, who stated that she had taken poison. Mr. Eames then went and saw his wife, and, as she appeared to be very drowsy, he immediately sent for Dr. Fortescue, who, on arrival, used the stomach-pump. It appears that, shortly before taking the bottle of poison, Mrs. Eames went into the shop of Mr. Geoghegan, a tailor, whose premises are next to Mr. Eames's, and said that she was only going to live 24 hours, and that she was going to poison herself. For the last three years the mind of deceased bad been impaired. She had been in the Gladesville Asylum, from which she was discharged in 1878. Also:—The dead body of a woman named Elizabeth M'Neil, who used to eke out a subsistence by selling type for marking linen, was found in a portion of abuilder's shop in Lower Pitt-street, which she had rented for the past six months. The builder's shop is in the occupation of Mr. J. Cummins. A portion of it, in which the woman lived and stored a most heterogeueouB collection of valueless things, bad been partitioned off, and a bunk a little more than 18 inches in width , served her as a bed. She was seen alive on Weduesday evening at about half-past 5 o'clock, offering type for sale in front of No. 51, Pitt-street, and subsequently in front of her habitation. At different periods this morning men knocked at the door of the place, desiring to obtain some articles for which they had given orders, but they received no answer. As the woman bad not been seen to leave the place, Mr. Cuminins looked over the par tition, and found that the woman was dead. The police were informed of the fact, and Dr. Gillman was communicated with, but on his arrival he was unable to account for death. Amongst the miscel laneous collection of things which the wo man collected was a bottle of white liquid, which the police took charge of. It is possible that it may contain some chemi cal, not necessarily a poison, which she may have used to compose the marking ink, which she also sold. It is said that deceased, who was unmarried, about eight or nine years since conducted a school in the Oddfellows' Hall, Brisbane street. All her clothing was in a miser able condition, and showed that she knew what poverty was. The place was so small that it is hard to conceive how a Jnitnan being could live in it. " -fEgles" of the Australasian pens the following :—An eye-witness tells me that when the Princes arrived at Ballarat, Jimmy, a well-known blackfellow, and the last of his race in that district, had taken up a rather prominent position near the railway station entrance. A mounted trooper ordered him back, and Jimmy was about retiring, when my informant said to the official—"Let him have a front place ; he has a better right here than any of us. He is on his own ground —we are only usurpers." The officer, with commendable sympathy, let Jimmy keep his position inside the lines, and there was no heartier nor more sympa thetic cheer than Jimmy's for the Queen's grandsons as they passed. There iB, I think, something touching in this little incident. Mr. Richmond Thatcher has arrived in Sydney, from New Zealand, as advance courier for Mr. James Carden, and has made arrangements for the latter's open ing at the Queen's Theatre about the end of August. At the Gulgong Police Court, on last Wednesday, Robt. Jackson, residing in the Cooyal district, was fined £20, with costs, and, in default, six months' imprison ment in Mudgee gaol, for illegally UBing a horse. A sad accident happened to a little boy about eight years of age, son of Mr. Thos. Phillips, of Clunes road, on Thursday last. The little fellow was climbiug a gate, when he slipped, and in falling one the spikes of the gate ran into his abdo men, causing such serious injury that he died on Friday evening. Mr. George Loder, the well-known President of the Northern Agricultural Association, who never was hard upon strangers going upon his runs, has had to close all his paddocks, under pe nalty of prosecution, the nuisance of some Singleton larrikins trespassing after kangaroos " with mongrels" having be come too great. The Wide Bay News says:—A sad case of drowning occurred last Monday morning, about one o'clock, in the river near Mungarr. It appears that two bro thers, named Andersen, were going down the river in a punt, when one of them fell overboard. His brother used every exer tion to save him, but without success, and he, poor fellow, went down immediately. Much sympathy is expressed hy his friends at such an unfortunate accident. The Ipswich Advocate, of Friday, states that a young man named David Blair died on Thursday at Goodna in con sequence of injuries received from the kick of a horse on the previous day. It appears that the deceased was driving the animal out of the stable before him when he was snddenly kicked in the lower part of tlie abdomen. He lingered on until one o'clock yesterday when he suc cumbed to the injuries he had received. The Argus gives the following particu lars of the finding of old coins near Mel bourne :—A rather extraordinary disco very of money was made on Monday on the Military Road, between Emerald-hill and St. Kilda. Mr. H. Clark, one of the inspectors connected with thepublic Works' Department, wasstandingonthe road talk ing with three men who were seeking em ployment. In kicking the sand about he turned up a shilling, and, on further search being made, a piece of au old sailwasfound, and in it there was £20 in silver and £24 in sovereigns. Tbe silver was very much discoloured, and had the appearance of old leaden coins, but on examination they were found to he all legitimate coins of the realm. Some of the sovereigns bear date 1716, and are all in an excellent state of preservation. The money was equally di vided between Mr. Clarke and the three men. Since the discoveiy the ground has been searched by hundreds of persons, but the only other money found was a farthing. Tbe money was discovered aboutfouryards from where a large sum was found about 12 months ago. < At Grafton oranges are 6d. per dozen j at tbe tree this year, and bid fair to en rich those who have orangeries, as the to bacco has done for the farmers. The Wagga Wagga Exfress says With regard to the debt which we have contracted for the formation of our rail ways, there can be no doubt that the prospects of the colony have more than justified it. Tbe opening-up of the coun try by this means has proved equal to an ticipations, and the ultimate results can i not fail to be satisfactory. Bat with the 1 opening-up of the country has naturally ; come an increase of revenue from the sale i of land ; yet hitherto the receipts from i this source have been bundled into tbe ; common cbest without any regard to the I necessity of providing for that rainy day when our financial credit may not stand so high as it does at present. It is, of course, a very simple mode of looking forthcoming responsibilities in the face to merely "chance"it," but it is by far a safer and more satisfactory plan to be prepared to meet the probable emergency. It is quite sufficient to remember that British securities are liable to important fluctuations, and we shall at once realise the necessity of being prepared for any contingency that may arise with regard to our own bonds. We are far too young to take liberties with oar credit; we are allied to a reputation too good and too old to render the idea of repudiation possible. A new weekly paper is about to be started under the patronage of the li censed victuallers of Sydney. Its co iumns will be devoted to sporting and matters connected with the trade gene rally. The Melbourne Age states that a case of what is known as " lambing down" was beard, on Thursday, at the County Court, before his Honor Judge Cope, when H. j Cookson sued A. L. Levy, a publican at j Sandridge, for the recovery of £49 LOs., j which he had entrusted to his care. It : appeared that the plaintiff, in the month j of April last, went on the "spree," and j entered defendant's hotel with £49 10s. in his possession. He gave the luoney to Mr. Levy to keep for him during the time he stayed at his hotel. He remained there for eighteen days, and at the expir ation of that term left the hotel. A few days afterwards he sent his wife to Mr. Levy to ask him for the balance of tbe money, when £2 was handed to lier. The defendant put in as a set-off an ac count amounting to £48 9s. 0d., which was for board and lodging and liquor con sumed during eighteen days by the plain tiff. By this account it appeared that the plaintiff swallowed the inordinate num ber of 30 bottles of champagne during the time he stayed there, to say nothing of the unlimited " drinks" of beer, brandy, whisky, claret, &c.; On some dayB his thirst could not be allayed under nine bottles of champagne, with a plentiful amount of brandy besides. The defend ant claimed that as the account became due he took plaintiff his money and re turned it to him, demanding his payment, when plaintiff paid him. To this plaintiff | replied that he had no recollection what ever of doing such an act, and if he did it was done whilst he was drunk. His Honor considered the charges exorbitant. In his opinion 10s. a day for board and lodging, and 10s. a day for drinks, was as much as ever the defendant could liave expected. He made an order, therefore, for the return to plaintiff of £30 of the money. j The year which terminated on the 30th of June last appears to have been marked ! by general fiscal prosperity in nearly all ! the Australasian colonies. Victoria had I ! at) increase of £553,090 upon the pre- j . vious year's revenue; South Australia, c ! £179,490: Queensland, £288,100; and i [ New South Wales, £1,251,603. | In his discourse at St. Andrew's Catlie I dral, Sydney, the Rev. Dr. Ellis said — | " You have reason to be proud of your j ; public schools. In these schools the j children are far better educated than i ' in our public schools in England, and j ■ your boys of twelve are years ahead of i our English school boys in point of educa ' tion. Government supervision is an ex- j eel lent thing, and I think that if your la dies' schools and private schools were all [ : brought under compulsory examination, j the attendants at those schools would be ; infinitely better educated." The working of diamond drills in Vic- j ! toria is everywhere affording excellent re- j | suits. At Stawell, a depth of over 1700 ; [ feet has been attained, and from the core, j which was taken out of the reef 12 feet j thick at that depth, payable prospects ; have been obtained. At Maryborough some promising prospects have just been obtained in new ground by the same , means. On Sunday week Dr. Thomas, the ! Anglican Bishop of Goulburn, preached . on board the Inconstant (of the De- j tached Squadron.) Goldsborough and Co. have received j £232,000 for their business in Melbourne, i Mr. Copeland gave notice of a motion j in the Assembly laBt Thursday night, to , the effect that it was advisable to open the | Gallery of Arts on Sunday afternoons, in I view of the large attendance of Sunday ! visitors at the Museum and the public li- I brary. In one of his very own speeches last ! Thursday night (says the E. News), Mr. j Buchanan denounced all those who had j any consideration for what the Home Go- i vernment thought of colonial legislation, they were " scurviest of the scurvy— j poor, pitiful slaves, unworthy to darken j any Legislative door ; descenders to base ; subterfuge, deception, chicanery, base j fraud, lies, and were scandalously infant- : ous." Mr. Garrett retorted by saying , that Mr. Buchanan was nothing if not | outrageous and disloyal, and that when ■ the country called for patriots, he trusted one would be found who thought more of ; his country than he did of bis tea. Tbe . hit was too palpable to be missed, and ' the laughter and cheering were unrestrain- : able. ; There is (says the Brisbane Tele- { graph) a brass plate ou the doorpost of t No. 23, Queen-street, Brisbane, bearing j the inscription " The Darling Downs and Western County Land Company." This company was formed in London during the Premier's first visit to Eog- j land. It has a nominal capital of a j million, and its first transactions were , the purchasing, at a satisfactory price to the sellers, of the Hon. P. Bell's stations | Jimbonr, Westlands, and Buaraba; and of the Hon. T. M'llwraith's sta tions—Cork, Ayrshire Downs, and Meri vale. Messrs. J. P. Bell, T. M'llwraitli, and Smyth are the local directors, and Mr. Grimley the Secretary. A discovery of bismuth ore, in consi derable quantities, has been made in some worked-out alluvial ground at the Percy River, 25 miles from Gilbertson, Queens land. Murdoch, the crack cricketer, has com menced the practice of his profession as a solicitor at Coetamundrs. Tasmania has now decided to quar antine all vessels arriving from this co lony. A distressing accident recently occurred 1 at Bream Creek, Tasmania, to a little boy ofaboutl2yearsof age. Some logs were be ing drawn by bullocks, when unfortunately the little fellow got between two logs, and had the part of the calf and most of the flesh of his leg torn clean from the bone. Robert Lowe, a horse trainer, was fined £2 and costs at Adelaide on Wednesday, for selling ticketB in a sweep on the Mel bourne Cup. Dr. Robertson, who has been visiting the copper and gold mines around Mount Perry, states that the Mount Perry miners are doing the right thing in promoting | deep development. The doctor is of opin ion that Queensland ores are so varied that, in order to work them profitably, they most be treated as follows :—To smelt all rich ore, dissolve all poor car bonates in acid, and treat poor ores by cal cination. The £1000 found in a bag on a wall j at Little River, "Victoria, has not yet been claimed. The police believed it to be the property of a man named Thos. Rourke, of Skifton-atreet, Ballarat. A bullock driver recently hitched his team to Mr. G. A. Bogild's residence at Wide Boy, and left them. They got rest less, and in walking off pulled the entire honse to the ground. His Excellency Lord Loftus, in not attending the annual commemoration fes tival at the Sydney University on Satur day week, has given rise to much unfavour able comment. On New South Wales railways during 1880, 81,909 trains, of which 52,581 were passenger and 32,328 goods trains, were run a distance of 3,239,472 miles. The earnings amounted to £1,161,017, and the working expenditure to £647,719, or 55*79 percent, of the earnings ; 5,440,138 passengers travelled, of whom 1,495,662 were first-class, and 3,944,476 were se cond-class. Included in these figures are 12,375 season ticket-holders, representing 1,638,324 journeys. The proportion per centage of these classes is for first-class passengers 1519, second class 54*79, and for season ticket-holders 30*11. The merchandise traffic consisted of 793,498 head of live stock, 224,603 bales of wool, 1,123,166 tons of minerals, and 522,773 tons of general goods. The esrniugs per mile open were £1475, the expenditure was £823, the net earnings were £652. The earnings per train mile were S6"02d., the expenses 47'99d., and the net earn ings 38.03d. The Government have again reduced the rates charged for carriage of wool from Riverina to Sydney. The rate from Narandera to Sydney last season was 12s. 6d. per bale, but this is now to be reduced to 10s. per bale. 1 A veterinary surgeon is appointed in Victoria to superintend the taking of lymph from cows for vaccination pur poses. Milner Stephen got into hot water at Melbourne during his recent visit there. A grand silver bearing reef has been discovered in South Australia. The Legislative Assembly adjourned at an early hour last Friday evening in order to give the members an opportunity of at tending the ball at Government House. Friday's E. News says:—All precon certed arrangements in connection with the Detached Squadron are likely to be subjected to considerable alteration, owing to an event which occurred this afternoon, and which atfirstcansedconBiderablealarm. Rear-Admiral the Right Hon. the Earl of Clanwilliam, C. B., who had appeared up till noon to-day in his iiBiial good health, was on board the Inconstant, and when on deck shortly before 2 o'clock, fell down ina fit, which it is thought wasofanepileptic character. He was at once attended to by the medical officer of the vessel, and all that inedica! science could do to restore him was done, and happily, as we learn, with gratifying results. The Earl was uncon scious for two hours, but latest reports state that he is much better, and there is reason to hope he will be completely re stored very shortly. The news did not reach shore till some time after the seizure, or might otherwise have prevented the ; planting of the commemoration trees { by the Princes, who are much attached to the Admiral. The latter was to have visited Government House this after noon to take part in the lawn tennis 1 party, hut when the guests assembled the j news of the attack met them. It is more : than probable that the departure of the | squadron, which had been fixed for to morrow, will now have to be postponed j till the Admiral's health is restored. We understand that the ball arranged at Go vernment House for this evening will not j be postponed ; but a dinner to be given on board the Inconstant this evening has been abandoned. The illness of the Ad miral will also, it may he assumed, neces sitate either a postponement or a modifi cation of the contemplated demonstration in the harbour thiB evening. All the me dical officers of the fleet have been sum moned to attend the Earl, who is slowly recovering from his attack. The event has created considerable consternation among the fleet and in official circles, and also in the city when the news was brought ashore. The Saturday's issue of the same jour nal says :—This afternoon being a half holiday, large crowds of people wended their way to the vicinity of Farm Cove, to witness the departure of the squadron under the Right Hon. the Earl of Clan- | william, C.B.. which had been announced to leave at 3 o'clock. Every point of van tage was occupied by sightseers, and lady Macqnarie's Chair and the Botanical Gardens were much crowded, while there was a great number of persons gathered ! on the Man-of-war Stairs, in the hopes of seeing the Royal Princes on their way from Government House to the Incon stant. The fleet was ready for sea at noon, and all arrangements were com plete. The Admiral was very anxious to leave, and was very much better in health than he was yesterday, hut viewing the re sponsibility of the position which he occu pies,it was deemed advisable to hold aeon- I sulfation of thesurgeons of the Inconstant. This was accordingly done, and after de liberation they advised that it would be better to delay putting to sea fur a few days, in order that the admiral might have perfect rest. Accordingly it was ! signalled round the fleet that the vessels were to remain until further orders. Of course this was not generally known, and numbers of persons continued to wend their way to Farm Cove, and it was not until nearly sundown that the majority of the crowd realised the fact that the ships were not leaving. The harbour presented a grand appearance thiB afternoon, the yachts of the Royal Squadron and the Prince Alfred Clubs being out, together with steam launches and boats of every descrip tion. The deepest regret is, of course, felt for the cause which Iirb led to the detention of the squadron, but the offi core and crew will be glad to have an op portunity of spending a longer time, aud thus seeing more of the colouy. The Royal Princes are the guests of his Ex cellency the Governor. A company has been established in Melbourne (says the IS. News) for the preservation of meat by an entirely new process, which has been patented by Mr. A. Lee, the inventor, and superintend* ent of the works there. The meat is placed in tins, subsequent to having been prepared, without the removal of any par ticle of the bone or fat, and when opened presents the appearance of cold, cooked meat. It is, perhaps, rather denser than meat whioh has been subjected to a pro cess of boiling, but this is easily accounted for by the fact that the pieces sre pre served intact, and it adds in a great mea sure to the delicacy of flavour. No foreign matter is introduced in its preser vation—not even salt—but the process, which is Btated to be exceedingly effect ive, is carried out on scientific principles, and with the strictest regard to cleanli ness. The jelly is exceedingly delicious. Mr. Lee, who has the meat on exhibition in Pitt-street, Sydney, yesterday received a visit from members of the Sydney Meat Company, who were highly pleased with the viands which were then opened for their inspection. A number of tine have been sent to London and other capitals, and pronounced by practical persons to be a superior class of article. The company working the patent is registered as the Australian Fresh Meat Company. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, of Victoria, has invested a sum of money, the interest on which ib to be devoted in perpetuity to the purchase of an annual gold medal for the person who shall perform the most meretorious act of humanity in each year. 1221 tons of quartz from the Hodgkin sou, in Queensland, recently, gave 1539oz. of gold. The E. News says Although the pro gress of the small-pox epidemic has been carefully noted by the public, few pos sibly are able to state exactly bow many are or lisve been suffering. There have, since On Chong's child took ill, been 1C persons affected, of whom 12 were adults and four children. Of these three died, two adults and one child, the remaining thirteen being now at the quarantine sta tion and doing well. The Murrurondi cor. of the Mercury writes :—A Noble and Generous Act: A week or two past a poor man, a teamster, not living 100 miles from Quirindi, was run over and killed while on a journey a long distance from his home. His poor wife proceeded up the country to see him interred; when she was informed that her late husband was indebted to a firm at Quirindi in a large amount, so before she returned to her home she went to Quirindi to see what arrangement could be made to pay the amount, upwards of £00. The gentleman, after hearing all the poor woman had to say, told her that, as soon as the loading on the waggon was delivered at its destination, she was to take the waggon and horses home, and do the best she could with them, then giving her a receipt in full discharge of all claims against her. This truly noble and big-hearted man was Thomas Steel Greehan, of'Quirindi. Adelaide, Friday.—The exhibition was opened yesterday with considerable cere mony, which passed off successfully. Three thousand persons were inside the building and many thousands outside un able to gain admission. During the day the attendance was over seventeen thou sand. The medical men have decided that Mary Allen, whoBe suspicious illness was reported in Sydney, last Thursday, is suf fering from true small-pox. She lives in Fowler-place, Sussex-Btreet. The other case, of a child, is alleged to be chicken pox. Friday's Tam worth News says The Weather: The wont of rain is beginning to be felt severely by the farmers and stockowners in this district. There is hardly a blade of grass on any of the runs. Reports from Artnidale chronicle a plen tiful downfall. The crops, which should be 18 or 20 inches high, are no more than C or 7 inches on most of the farms between here and Manilla. Also :—Severe Accident: On Tuesday Inst, a lad named Charles Smith, son of Mr. John Smith, of the Armidale Road, met with a very severe accident. It ap pears he was engaged pruning a peach tree, when by some means he lost his hold and fell to the ground, breaking both arms, besides putting out each wrist, and otherwise bruising his body, Dr. White was soon in attendance, and per formed all that was necessary. The Toowoomba Chronicle says :—An accident, which we regret to say has re sulted in fatal consequences, occurred to Mr. Frederick Care, on the evening of Wednesday, the 13th inst. The circum stances were as follows :—Mr. Care, who was engaged as maltster at Messrs. Per kins and Co.'s brewery, was getting over a gate in the brewery-yard, when by some means he fell backward, and, in falling, injured his spine. His medical attendant advised the patient's removal to the hos pital, where he was conveyed on last Friday evening, but wbere, despite all that medical skill could suggest, the un fortunate titan succumbed to the injuries he had sustained, and breathed his last on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Care, who was about 30 years of age, has left a wife and two young children to mourn their loss. The Brisbane Telegraph says :—The Commissioner of Police has received the following telegram from Inspector Isley, at Port Douglas, dated Monday, as fol lows " Sergeant Breen writes that a man named Joseph Marshall has either been lost or killed by the blacks on the Thornboroiigh and May town Road. The Thornborough police are in search." Also;—An accident occurred at Bur pcngary on the Oth instant, which re sulted in the death «f Florence Amelia Burnett, a young woman about twenty years of age. The deceased's father took a gtin from the stand for the purpose of loading it, but, finding that one of the nipples wsb choked, he went into theyard, taking with him a hairpin to try and clear it, which, after a short time, he accom plished. He then put some powder down the nipple, placed the head of a wax match on the top, and pulled the trigger, with the result that, instead of issuing from the muzzle of the gun, the powder flashed hack. Burnett repeated this ope ration, but with the same result. On ap plying the powder, and match a third time, the gun exploded, the result of which was fata! to the unfortunate young woman, who was at the time standing a few yards distant from her father. It appeared that the gun had, without the knowledge of Burnett, been loaded a short time previously by one of his Bons, and when it exploded the contents were lodged in the body of the deceased. Dr. Bancroft was in attendance as speedily as possible, but all efforts to save her life were in vain. She lingered on for two days in great agony and then expired. The Melbourne Government--are "seek ing "to draw wool away from Sydney by reducing the freight by 6d. per bale. 