Forms with Ghostly Faces. TALKING WITH JHYSTEBIOUS APPARITIONS. (Fbom the ' New -Yoek Tbibunb' Jukb 29.) In the parlour of a pleasant house m one of the suburban towns on Long Islandassembledone even ing recently a Email party invited to witness certain mysterious phenomena, called spirit manifesta tions by those who believe in the close connection of the present and the future life. The host was a prosperous New York business man, whose household consists, besides himself, of only bis wife and two servants. The visitors were an ex colonel from the West, a New England manu facturer, and a newspaper man, all solid-looking persons of more than average avoirdupois and with no appearance of being liable & fall victims, to delusion. The ' medium' was a middle-aged woman from Boston, tall, slender, and delicate, having a highly sedative nervous temperament, and low vital powers. Her husband, an elderly man, was also present, the couple being guests and friends of the family. Among the spiritual ists the 'manifestations' of this ' medium'#are ranked as the most perfect of the kind known. A good deal has been published about them in the journals of the Beet, but the family in whose house the medium is now a guest, naturally ob ject to newspaper notoriety, and their name and residence are therefore not given here. The house is a spacious villa, standing in the midst of handsome well-kept grounds. On. the main floor there are two parlours, separated from the library and dining-room, by a wide halL All the rooms were lighted during the seance except the front parlour, which was* separated from the baek parlour by heavy curtains. The door leading from this darkened room into the lighted hall was locked and the sh,utters of the windows were secured. At eight o'clock the medium came down from her room' and lay upon a lounge in the dark parlour. Several shawls were placed upon her by the lady of the house although the evening waa warm. The nix. spectators took seats in a semi-circle about 12 feat from the curtained door. First, the Lord's prayer was eaid by the hostess and a hymn was sung. Then a large music-box was wound and set agoing. After about 10 minutes the certains were drawn aside and there walked out a beautiful girl dressed in white with a long lace veil thrown around her head and over her bare arms. She was greeted in the met affection ate language by the host and his wife as their daughter Lizzie who died about three years ago. The face had a curious indistinctness, and the eyea could hardly be seen at all, but the hands and arms looked substantial enough, and the figure advanced with a firm step, its little white shod feet peeping out now and then from under the long white robe. Nothing more Jjeautifnl and charming than the appearance of the girl as she glided across the room coud be imagined. Her drapery diffused a delightful perfume, her long veil was managed with perfect grace, now thrown half across the face, now stretched out across the shoulders and over the arms, and now held aloft with one hand. The figure first stooped to notice some flowers on the console' table, then stepped around one side of the semi-circle of sitters and pointed to a painting of herself which stood upon an easel and returned behind the curtain. Emerging again she came forward and threw her veil over her father's head, then passed around the rear of the chairs and touched each of the visitors on the head. Her hand was warm and of a velvety softness. As she stood under the chan- : deher, where a single shaded light burned, the 1 reporter stared hard at her face, but it still had a 1 ghostly, indistinct appearance. The apparition 1 went out into the hall, entered the dining-room, - returned and again disappeared behind the cur- ? tains. Twice che held one curtain far aside so ' that the oompany could plainly see the medium i lying on the lounge enveloped in her multi- s tudinous wrappings. A third time the girl '. appeared. She beckoned her mother *o come . to the curtain. A whispered conversation was ; carried on between the two which the othere could not hear. To the host and wife this was evidently as much their daughter as tbough she were still alive. She came at all the sittings they said. Their affectionate delight at seeing her could not Lave been feigned. In the course of the next hour and a half eight other figures came out of the curtained door. Two were recog nised by the Western colonel, cne by the New England gentleman, and two by the reporter. The remaining three were strangers to all the company. All were women but one. The figures varied considerably in height, size, gait, and manner; and the garments, though invairably white, were of different form and style. All the faces, though plain enough for recognition, had a curiouB, impalpable, ghostly look, and in most cases the eyes were closed. One of the most definite countenances was that of a relative of the reporter, a woman of strong features and strong character, who died at the age cf 70. She came out to where he 6at, took him by the hand, beckoned him to come to the curtain, whispered two words in his ear in a strange, gasping voice, gave h»™ her cheek to kiss as she used to do in life, and lowered the curtain. The male apaarition appeared to be a young Philadelphia journalist who died a year ago. He showed great delight at seeing Ms old friend, the reporter, grasped his hand,and patted him on the cheek, but after a vain effort to speak at the opening of the curtain, disappeared. A des cription of .tne ghostiy visitants of the other members oz the circle might be monotonous. They were all white-robed women, some young* some middle-aged. They sodded, waved their aims, clasped their hands as if in prayer, and extended them as in a benediction. The colonel khelf at the feet of an apparition whom Jie called Katie, and she put her- hands on his iie&d; and when he rose. kissed his forehead. The New England man was greatly moved 'by one of his ghostly friends; lie, too, knelt. Afterwards, he followed her to the curtain, and holding it a little aside whispered for a little while to the form within. Nearly every one of the apparitions were careful in coming out or in returning1' to hold tht curtains eo *b to ehow the recumbent form of the medium on the lounge. .The reporter, though greatly interested in tbe whole performance, was maturally*most closely observant, of the forms which claimed bis acquaintance. -One of them, and perhaps the most distinct and beautiful of all the apparitions, was a girl with light brown hair anda singularly sweet and dignified face. The skirt of her white dress was ornamented with golden ban asd discs./ In her hand she held a lace veil, apparently Jtto lenger Chan a pocket handerchief. She stood befoift.the eurtajn and began to manipulate the velL, 'Be«»»ae is weaving lace/' exclaimed the lady of tibia Jurase. The veil crew longer and longer until it wae about fire feet square. A silver baud ornamented the bor der. The girl came ionraSl into the xoomand beckoned tte rejwrtertoidwiioe and kneel be fore her. ! He dropped oa one taee^lodkfd Jong ?aid «teadily «$ fcej- Jaoe ,^utjttoald atptTectonize it. yoaf*M4ifrfliBketliirer gtfc'aao reply,- 'JImb X ever eeen^ou before f ** A shake or the liead gave a negative answOT. TaJdngtkeyeii^o™11©1 «? the apparition threw it over the ^uestioneria head — eo that it entirely «nvejoped Mm. Then she clasped her hands as if in prayer, and again placed them on his head. .She removed the veil, and he rose end took her h^td^-a small, aoft, white hand. . Her bare earns vsnB|^erjv white and beautifully. formed. Jlerifac&'aljpnoiugta. the fea tures were definite, diddpuot 'have-r* life- like ex pression, . and - «^1 3al^IJKEes.,^»!B0^iOO nearly, closed for their ^Iom^* to 'jaiOTTjbgmBhed. Her Erarmentis were 'f -JP- fyf jWMfy^Wffl^T^^ uexxuro ikuq gave out an. ex^iuLBite?_p#r3§EBi^.:s As she retired to the curtain t^ reportefSbllowed her, begging her to tell her. joame. She *tood lor about a minute, holding the curtain one side, and partly concealed by it and allowing one hand to rest in bis grasp. Then she whispered ' Your guardian,' and, after aa affectionate balutation,iwithdrew her hand and vanished. The last figure which appeared, also fhai of a young woman, did not come onfeide «€he curtain. Someone said 'The power is almost! exhausted.1' The circle waited 10 minutes, but- nothing more came. A moaning sound Bummbned the iady to the assistance of the medium, wiho was found under her wrappings on the loxmge. It was, perhaps, a quarter of an hour, before ehe folly came out of ? her trance. Meanwhile* the visitors went into the diniag-rooiai Knd talked over the phenomena to tatosfy theineeelvesJ they had all witnessed the same'tbinge, Bdtha^^no one/might think he had been the Victim ef tatdekualsn not shared by the. othier=. Two pf ^-Ti»3li0x8 ze turnedto tne city, tae otter jemai^edoiverinjglit. Ad he eat in his Toom, lulled by tiieila^ping or the waves against the seawall that berdterod£&e;'lawn and the sighing- of tSie bight' wind intii6-fiee^l)-£ whole experience eeemea like^straage amd.beau tifnl phantaonag&na; pf jje^wned ^objes, white, arms, waving veils, and graceful gliding forms. Recalling bywn e£Eort»ll the jte$ftMfto»tiejste*nRe performance, he said to himself ir^ShiB can be accounted forinone of:^ir«e wayB^otily: first, it may have been a gross vdeeopUonr-aj masquerade of living people dressed np to represent ghosts. This explanation is hardly tenable, tjhongli. Ther character and respectability of tb» fampy are; against it. Then, wjEterajBould theytemploy nine persons to represent spirits and how did they all; get into the darkenedioom ? Besides., there was' something unsubstantial .about all the forma. They did not look like ho many Hvxojr people, decked out in c-owns:&nd; white veils. A second explanation is that the spectators were in some way mesmerized and thought they saw what they did not see. The history of mesmerism, delusions, unconscious cerebration, France, and similar phe nomena does not, however, furnish any -example of three healthy, robust men Bitting for two hours in the apparent full possession of their.senses and fancying they see and speak- with a series of ghoBtly forms, whereas in fact they see nothing. The third explanation is that the forma were what they professed to be — the apparitions of men and women whose spirits have left the earth. 