A RACE FOlt LIFE. (Continued from WJJednesduy last). IN EIGOT 0IIAPT1ERS.-- CIIAPTI'T VI. Travelling by wheels over such irregular ground, in a vehicle built for strength rather than for the ease and comfort of its living freight, is but a rough method 1 of locomotion, and we rocked and bumped " and jolted in a manneur that would have maddened those whese only experience was of the smooth gliding along the iron highway, or the regular roll upon the trimly macadamised road. But to me, 11 after my late exertions, it was a luxury indeed to lie on a well-stuffed mattress, h beneath tile white tilt of the wagon, screened in a great measure from the d sun's vertical rays, and able to close my eyes at pleasure, instead of having to keep a watchful look-out, and to help 1 along a tired horse with spur, voice, and rein, as a hurrying traveller must do. Sometimes I foll into a dozoe ; and at last, after an hour's halt at three o'clock, a when we kindled a fire, and heated the contents of a tin can of coffee, while the a animals grazed, with their forelegs hobbled, lest they should stray too far on the plain, I fairly feloil into a sound sleep, w which lasted till we rumbled into the b dusty main street of the small town of Oceola. Much refreshed by this greatly needed repose, I determined to push on pr through the night, and, buying a horse ti from a dealer with whom the driver of the wagon was acquainted, I set oflat a rattling pace along the main trail, now wv easily to be made out, to Fort Scott, Oi leaving Batesville far to my right. . MIy intention was, should I not be lucky th enough to find the wagon-train, of which fe I was in pursuit, still at the fort, to con- bh tinue the chase on the other and more fa perilous side of the Kansas boundary, da confident, that if my strength hold out, I bk should come up with it. The chief dan- o, ger, so far as I know, which I had now tlh to apprehend was from skulking bands of Fa Indian thieves, too weak to resist a direct un attack on the escort of Jem Garnham's tim well- provided caravan, but hovering near, WE in the hope of stealing a horse or two, or re of plundering any vehicle that might break dovn. Should I meet wittl one Iri of these parties, I should infallibly be til robbed and dismounted, and not improb- ma ably murdered as well, if only for the sake pia of bringing home the usual hideous trophy co of victory to some Arapahoe or Cheyenne ho1 village. On the other hand, should I til once overtake the wagon- train, there ma would remain few further impediments, he except those of fatigue and the chance of sta sunstroke. fin There was a river to be forded, and the we banks being high and rotten, the mud te- an nacious, it was rather troublesome to get on across, but otherwise, I journeyed on he without any particular misadventure. Not a living'creature did I see, save the per small owls that whooped and wheeledin dai circling flight over the tall and yellowing no grass ; or the prairie-dogs, so called, that the sat at the mouths of their numerous bur- ac rows, as rabbits might at home in Eng- the land, uttering their short yelping cry as los my horac-hoofs broke the stillness of the shi night. I was compelled, though unwil lingly, to halt for an hour or tao, that bee my new nag, a black mustang, old coo but sound and strong, might feed and 1ot rest, and then I pressed on, speeding the along the desolate track. With all my weo efforts, morning found ime still on the fre waste ; but some hours later, I espied the ove timber stockade of Fort Scott, with its acc encircling ditch, the wood-smoke of its pre fires, the cannon peering from embrasures mo in the low earthern parapet, and the flag sky of the United States flying on the roof of but the commandant's house. The little out- tur post was a mere collection of wooden . i shanties for the accommodation of the bsl company of infantry quartered there, the with a larger shed for stores, and two or three small houses for the commandant, of doctor, and agent, or sub-agent, for ant Indian affairs. These tiny strongholds, the calculated merely for defence against the too attacks of the savage foe that ranges hoc round them like wolves around a fold, pat are often deserted, and allowed to s crumble to ruin, or possibly tenanted by tllr some neutral Indian trader, who regards ho all men, white and red, as his customers, a f and is cosmopolitan in his political me sympathies. Then an order from the see Washington War Office sends troops and workmen to the abandoned fort, and me there is much putting together of log- Iba huts and framework houses, and the tla palisade is renewed, and cannon are wit mounted, and up go tile stars and stripes wih in token of military possession. oxi I found the scanty garrison paraded, ust close to the low fence of the soldiers' little cor garden, where the humblest vegetables the were grown by the care of the men them- the selves, welcome additions to the mono- W, tonous rations of beef, pork, biscuit, and ths cake-bread. Here s grave had been dug, us and as I rode up, an unpainted coffin of t rough planks was being lowered into its ie resting-place. The officer in chargd of th the post stood beside the grave, with an br open book in his haud, and read the be burial-service aloud in a clear, high- bu pitched voice; while a gentlemuan in br plain clothes, whom I afterwards found be to be the surgeon, and two ladies, whose iv presence there seemed at first incongrous, in but who were the wives of officers who ta had not been deterred by hardship and ri1 peril from following their husbands into at frontier exile, stood within the enclosure. th Some paces furtler olff, in the outer yard, at stood or lounged in various attitudes a i group of Indians, watching the pro- of ceedings in silence. They had probably m come in for tradina purposes, for they u had with them two laden pack-horses, and their number comprised almost as , many squaws as warriors; but whatever u their errand might be, their appearance, o as they stood or reclined like so many 1 bronze statues draped in gaudy blankets, or robes of bleached bison-skin, added to , the picturesque charactor of the scene. The brief ceremony over, the men were dismissed, and the commandiing officer , closed his book, and, catchinig sight of me for the first time, drew near the place where I was standing beside mniy horse. "'I suppose, my man, 3ou belong to Garnham's party ? Vou had better make haste to catch thilei up, ]hadn't you " lie called out,. with somethinig of military imporativeness in the tone of hIis address ; and then looked hard at me, and added, reddening slightly : "I beg your pardon, sir. I mistook you for some loitering teamster of a train that has just passed, after dischlarging government stores. You are perhaps tihe now deputy- agent from the Indian Commissioner's Office-Mr Williams ?" I briefly explainedl to thile oflicer who I was, and whlither bound; and nothling could be more courteous or sympathetic thlan the reception which I experienced from the little colony of educated persois of whom he was the chief. Every one agreed with the'commandant that 1 could niot do better than travel with Gnham.ans s wagqh-tbalntn while regrettjng thai it W'a's Ie'podsib to do mhblt tb he'lp Sme in what might perhaps be the difficult I task of overtaking him. "You see," said the officer good ar naturedly, " we cannot lend you a horse, ,I or sell one, because the few we have here are the property of Uncle Sanm, and we d ust not dispose of government beasts. But 1'll tell you, Mir Fern, what I c?n do, if you like the notion : we will give your e nag a double feed of corn; and if I am any n judge of horse-flesh, he will be able, with no weight on Ihis back, to get fairly we!l through another stage or so. Take two I Lhours' rest, and give us the pleasure of i your company meanwhile. You shall t have the use of a troop-horse- we have r eight or nine spare ones hero, left by the c dragoons-for twenty-live miles, and I'll send three of the men who know how to fl ride, to escort you across the prairie, and d bring back the charger. Your own I: mustang, having gone so far with an fu empty saddle, will carry you on until you h are up with Join Garuham and his train, f; -No thanks. One Christian must help d another in these wild parts." ti I learned that the funeral which I had h witnessed was that of a countrywoman of a my own, the wife of an English emigrant si who, with his family, had taken a passage p by the wagon-train to the auriferous lands e of Idaho or Nevada. a "Poor Smith had three children, the s, prettiest little fair-haired things," said S the captain's wife sadly; "but the it journey in this heat, is a cruel one for the n young and tender. The poor little boy is was dead when the wagons came in, and A one of the girls died two hours later. The h mother had been ailing for months, and ai the grief and fatigue together made the gi fever worse. We did what we could ; m but she grew delirious, and sank terribly pi fast. The children were buried yester- in day ; and as the train had to start at day- m break, the bereaved husband could not cc oven see his wife's remains laid beneath hi the turf. He has gone on into the wild ha Far West, with the only child that is left sa under his sole care. It is not the first time, Mr eeern, that we have seen ye melancholy and sudden partings in these regions " wl In two hours, under the escort of an so Irish corporal and two soldiers chosen for m their knowledge of the noble art of horse- of manship, I was galloping across the mi plains, thanks to the kindness of the co commandant, on a big Northern troop sa horse, while my black mustang, held by qu the bridle, raced along besido me in ia fo manner that justified me in hoping that ths he would got well through the ensuing we stage. I had been warnied that I might lee find the head of the caravan of which I wl was in chase, rather "a rough diamond tl and a keen bargainer," but that, when th once an arrangement had been concluded, ad he would prove trusty enough. ca; " Give him my. card, on which I've tic pencilled a word or two," the commnan- of dant had said smiling ; "and if that is at not talisman enough, you must invoke a the name of old Harper,. your eccentric tal acquaintance, who is a noted Nestor of ha the prairies. Garnham is not a bad fel- on low to his passengers, when oncehe lhas foi shaken hands over a bargain." IH The Irish corporal, who told me he had da been ia whipper-in, long ago, in the old bl country, to Lord Kil-somebody's fox- wl hounds, was quite willing to oblige me on EI the ground of speed ; but the soldiers tal wore less practised riders, and we had wt frequently to pull up and wait until they tl overtook us. By the time we had tit accomplished some twenty miles of the pl1 prescribed distance, I espied certain fr, moving objects black against the southern m: sky, which the corporal conceived to be buffaloes, but which on a nearer approach e1 turned out to be mounted Iudians. ish "Sure, they'll be friendlies-Osages, ha belike, or perhaps Pawnee' hunters," said do the corporal. to " I don't think so, corporal," said one so of the men. "See the show of spears go and leathered heads they. make against fo: the sky-line. 'Tis too far south for Sioux, cli too far east for Apaches : theni's Arapa- be hoes, or perhaps Kiowas, on the war- be path." It Very imposing was their aspect-a little bi threatening withal-as they hung, like a of hovering hawk, on the horizon ; but after if a few minutes they retreated, and became pc mere specks, and soon afterwards were to seen no more. We all breathed more freely. when the of menacing apparition to the southward co had vanished. It was of course impossible wi that we should have seeoon the Indians af without their seeing eu. Savage man, GI whose whole life is spent in struggling for pa existence, and in snatching at food, has by usually very quick, far-sighted eyes. My w] companions wore in the :blue iniform of lie the United States, with military caps on goi their heads. And rifles at their backs. by We were but four, certainly, but th then the tactics of the wilderness forbid he useless expenditure of valuable lives, liad the wild .horsemen, with their heeads bedecked with scarlet feathers, and co their crimson blankets streaming in the so breeze, charged down upon us, their num bers must hIave insured them the victory, but not without the loss of two or three a braves, for whom the death-whoop would W resound mournfully, mingling with the ivail of widows and orphaned children, in some camp far away among the moun- as tains. Tradition dictates to the aboe. C rigines their own old system of stratagem w and surprise, and no doubt it was to this w that we owed our immunityfrom instant t attack. "'Injuns," said the corporal ' pithily, "'like to get a fistful of trum.s a' afore they begin to play." Asid the re- t mainder of my ride under oeicort· was quite ' uneventful. P At the end of some five-and-twonty h miles of.prairie travel, we came to the I usual halt ia a watered spot, and ate our cold provsions while the horses cropped b the grass. Then we parted, not without ti my slipping some thainkfully receive d Ssilver ilto the corporal's hard hands; a and the soldiers wheeled their horses oi s a the top of the next swell of prairie to " r wave their caps and give me a cheer of I O adieu. And then, for about an lhou, I 0 rode on alone, until niy horse neighed t shrilly, tossing his head towards the o south, whlence come, the fitful pulfa, the a wind rf the desert. I looked hastily Sto tihe left, and saw a sight, lwhich, I am y not ashamed to say, curdled my blood, Sand made the cold damp of mortal terror start upon my heated brow. 'lie Indians ! i 'lihero they wers, some half-mile distant, 'g cominig up, swift an:d silent, like so many , grim spectres on hlorseback. Clearly it uwas the same war-party thatI had soen u whilesi riding with thle soldiers. Thlsy t were nearer now, and were swooping down evidently wiih tihe intention of cutting me I olL I could see the tall red feathera on ig their heads, and their whlite shields tic rnd tisselledl lesces, and the beads, and ad frings, and bhrbarie finery that orna us monuted thimir shaggy steeds. iMy horse neigihed again. Iiosusraging himn with nt hand and voice, I urged him on, quicken th in g my pace. 'There were some low pg bushes that screened me for a monuent; p anid it iv?'?e nt until I lhaid as'ndeld the tit hill, and had, to my groeat joy, caught. sight of twenty white-topped waggons and d- a drove of horses at some distance- G, taruham's caravan, dounbtless-that the re Indians saw that I was aware of their o approach. 3\. Then came a race such as few men have i ,, ridden, considering the heavy stake i wr which I had on the event. I forced my I y weary mustang on, shouting loudly at i I intervals, in the hope that the people of 1 the rwagon-train miight hear me; while f iucesanut strokes of the whip, rushed towards me, striking their open hands c u3 tlon their months, to enhance the effect S of the appalling witr-hoop. On they tl rcanme, brandishing their lances, yelling, t, I flogging, and gesticuhLting like. so many tl 1 demons. They gained on me, for my ti poor tired horse could hardly be kept at I full speed ; but I spurred on, tlrning my cl heal now and then, to see the painted tl faces of my ghastly pursuers gradually draw nearer, as, with loud' threats and w threatening gestures, they pressed me Is hard. Presently, an arrow flew past me, w and then another, and then I felt a 51 sudden plain, as if the sting of a wasp had at pierced my right arm,. just above the cI elbow, and heard a whoop' of exultation hI as at the same time my horse wiicied and w swerved, hit by an arrow in the neck. sB So near were the Indiana; anddso deafen- ct ing was their clamour, that I had hardly pi noticed the halting of the caravan ; but st now came a shout of another sort-a deep, w Anglo-Saxon cheer-and a trampling of M horses, and crack, cracking of rifles, tli and then mny mustang stumbled, and tl gave 'me a severe fall. I recovered fe my senses, to find myself with my head en pillowed on my dead horse, while over fi me bent a broad-shouldered, grizzled pt man, with silver buttons to a'homespun le .coat, whorm I guessed to be Jem Garn- la ham. ," No bones broke, but the arrow fe has gone clean through the chap's arm," di said the trader gruffly. " Open your Pt mouth, young fellow, and let's hear who li you be, and what you are after." ' or I found Mr Garnham to be very much ut what thecommandantat the fort had repreo an sented him to be. He was not by any nu means a bad fellow, but he was morose or of man'ier, ahd had a sharp' eye' to the of main chance. By his promptness in an coming to the rescue, he had undoubtedly ill saved my life; but when it came to a th question of the pecuniary consideration at for which he was to take me on across ri the plains to the Rocky Mountains, he was utterly unreasonable. That I was help- in less and alone in the midst of a prairie, or whore, if abandoned, I must perish by ca the hands of the savage enemy, was, in lit the eyes of the master of the caravan, an mt additional inducement to make what lie wl called a "slapping profit" of the transac- tic tion Had I been a poor man in search or of work, I suspect he would have sworn loi at me for the trouble I gave, offered me mi a teamster's place without wages, and m< taken me on with his company. But I ov had money'; and he was unconscionable pl: enough to demand three hundred dollars th for my fare to the borders of Montana. are However, by exhibiting the comman- cii dant's card, and, still better, the few gil blotted lines of introduction with ha which I had been favoured by old tie Harper, I brought this mercenary Samari- nme tan to consent to more moderate terms. I by was to p y one hundred dollars, and for ca this I was not merely to be coiducted to di the Mlontanu boundaries but the trader th pledged himself to borrow a horse for me so from some one'of his friends, on which I of might reachl.arthage. wE " And iiow," said .th caravan chief, so0 when the necessary ceremony of hand sol shaking had been gone through, and I ad hasd paid earnest in the shape af a fifty- pr dollar note,' " I calculate, as you are pi town-bred, Mister, and not tas tough as ba some of us Western men, you had better tai get:into yonder wagon, and ride quiet, pa for the rest of to-day. To morrow, I'll Tl clap you on horseback again, if you like it Ita best, but after that rattling, fall your to] bones must anohe, rather. My lads have foi taken your saddle and traps off the dead a bit of horse flesh there ; so here's a horn we oflwhisky; and nowi jump in, and sleep ch if you like. You'll find a Britisher there, wi poor chap, and his child-meeba they di told you that history at the fort." l was glad to creep in under the screen of the white wagon-tilt, and sat down on a Ia cotton mattress beside the unlucky kr widower, a meek, civil, little man, who ra afterwards told me that he was' a i Gloucestershire mechanic, a grainer and si painter, who had:been allured to emigrate pr by accounts of Californian prosperity, but ur who now sat like one stupefied, with his 'v head buried in his hands. The poor little th girl, weary with sobbing, and overcome ws by the heat and fatigue, was asleep, with m thle.glistening traces of tears still visible on to her pale cheek. tt There is nothing more to relate di concerning the remainder of the journey, lo so long as I made it under the auspices of Ci the redoubted J'Tem' Garnham. Some- st times I rode on one of many spare horses, w and at other times I took a seat in the wagon where my disconsolate countryman di and his little daughter were established. es Children are seldom long in making my m acquaintance, and this orphaned little w creature soon became very friendly, and would nestle by my side, and fall asleep y with her head on my shoulder. At her age, tc kindness consoles more quickly than can ever be the case with those who are old ontughl to know the full extent of the loss they have sustained, and I ransacked my memory for inursery tales, and re poeated' or invented iursery rlhymes for her entertainmnet, until her tfirst sorrow grew less. The father continued for the most part moody and silent, as if spirit broken; but at times he was more talka tive, and I could see that he was a well- d disposed fellow enough, with a certain amount of cleverness,, but without the r sturdy robustness of mind and body 0 which the settler in a new country should U Spossess. The child cried bitterly when, L on thle limits of the Miontana Territory, 1 their English fellow-traveller left the caravan; and poor Smith himself drew tle back of his hand across his blood-shot eyes, as he said huskily: " Good-bye, a sir, and tlhank you for being so kind. I shall feel lonelier now, if that can be, Sthan I did before." And so they purAuOed their journey with the caravan, while I, Smounted on a hired horse, set off for Oarthage. it Mont:ita, as its name implies, is a n rugged region of cliffs and dales, nestling ' among thie southern spurs of the Rocky 'n Mountain range, and full of glens whlore se pretty cataracts, like streams of molten n silver, fall neglected over rocks of many is a brilliant tint, and of shattered crags il capped by gigantic cedars, and carpeted a- with clitbing plants. Large butterflies se of strange and gaudy hIues flitted among th the tufts of wild flowers thlat grew in n- every nook and cleft; and more than uw once the graceful forms and tapering it horns of a herd of antelopes shewed he ,thls?i'rd s odn tse strmmft o.sab'm pie. it. cipitous rock, too steep to be scaled by ad man. At another time, the scen3ry \- through which I passed might have he tempted me to linger, but now I scarcely ir gave any heed to the objects around me, absorbed as 1 was in my eagerness to e reach Carthage in time. T passed the ae night which succeeded my depa tore from y the caravan in a roadside inn ; and by to four o'clock in the afternoon of the next if day I found myself, with a beating heart, 1 o drawing very near indeed to my destina I tion. r 1 " Take the turn to the left, after yew i s come in sight of the cross wheer the 1 t Spaniard war murdered ;" such had been the instructions of my fast informant as 1 to the road ; " and push slick on through 1 the canyon, Mister, and yow'll find the a 7 town, such as 'tie. I wonder what they'd t t have said in old Baltimore, wheer this I child war riz, to a huddle of fifty houses e I that says it's a town." 7 r I rode on through the deep ravine, u I with towering walls of rock on either g ahland, and a brawling stream beneath, I which is locally called a canon, and pre- R L sently caught a glimpse of shingled roofs g and white walls flashing through the b clumps of glossy evergreen foliage. • The N i heat was stifling; and the air, through which the hollow hum of innumerable in- d sects and the shrill chirp of the prairie cricket and the cicala resounded, was s; parched and unrefreshing, while the sun k struck down upon me, between the rocky V walls, like the fiery shafts of Phoebus. My right arm was stiff and painful where y the arrow had wounded me, for though si the hurt was slight, it had added to the ft fever of my blood, and besides, I was sadly wayworn and spent with excessive fatigue and exposure to the sun's full power, never so much felt as on the shadc hss plains But here was Carthage at last; and I had been so diligent, that I D felt assured, unless some unexpected acci- v; dent had precipitated the trial of the w prisoners, of being in time to save Willy's cc life. The thought of that gentle, goner- .l one boy in the hands of prejudiced and D untutored ruftians, his self-elected jailers M and judges, nerved me yet as it had J; nerved me throughout the long and ardu- m ous. journey. But, as the hunted deer Al often reaches the safe covert only to bleed or and die, so did I feel more weary, more of ill, when on the eve of gaining the spot le that I had toiled so hard to reach, than vi at any previous period of that diflicult si ride. dt I rode into the long straggling street, Ci intersected by narrow lanes, that led up st or down the wooded glen in which the so- nu called town was built, and irregularly so lined with houses, some of wlich were B mere log-huts or cabins of rough planking, fo while others were larger and more proton- S1 tious. There were four or five tall hotels or taverns, and a store or two, and some ti, long ranges of stabling for horses and ge mules. Most of the houses had gardens, bh more or less well stocked, and where often co overgrown with vines and creeping- la plants. Under an enormous tree were of three or four knots of Mexicans, sitting th around little tables, smoking their paper of cigars and sipping chocolate, while a i gipsy-featured fellow, in a broad-brimmed co hat and a faded suit of green velvet, ar twanged his guitar for their entertain- ad ment. On another scrap of sward, shaded pa by alt evergreen oak, there sat around a so cask turned on end, which for a time did es duty as a card-table, four bearded men in of the red shirt and felt hat, the heavy boots, di suit of slop-clothes, and bandana cravat, th of the regular gold-digger. There they re were, pipe in mouth, playing poker, or ar some such refined game, but as they were Ti sober, or nearly so, I determined to di address them. " Wants to know wheer ye preacher lives, the stranger does. \S Reverend Aretas White ! Wall, Mister,. M barring a Mormon missionary, who is a hi tailor to trade, scalp me if I know of a I11 parson hereabouts ! Reverend White! st Them Mexicans, with their yaller faces, wi have got a priest of their own, but he sh talks Spanish like themselves. Don't see, wl for my part, how a preacher could scratch ph a living among us mining chaps. Nobody so wants to be married-there's no babies to ca christen-and as for burying, that's done v without fuss. You've come to the wrong sr diggings, stranger." ca The spokesman of the poker players b1 had obviously told me honestly all he thl knew, so that I had no resource but to cc ride on. I did not quite like to gi inquire the way to the prison, and be- st sides I doubted whether I should easily " procure permission to visit my brother, n unless I were a.ccompalied by some person M wvell-known to the authorities. To find or the good-hearted minister who had cc warned me of Willy's danger was clearly tv my best course, and it suddenly occurred nt to me that the post-master, of all men in " the town, would be able to enlighten me bi as to thie Rev. Mr White's address. I h did not even know where my brother's lodgings were situated. Sucha town as re Carthage has no letter- carriers, no named w streets, and numbered houses. Those w who hope for a letter, call for it at the qi apology for a post-olfice, where some b deputy's deputy doles out the correspond- ti once to those who claim it. I addressed Ia myself, therefore, to a lad who was whittling a stick before a tavern door, ti "I Want to know wheer post-office is ? L You must be a rare Jacky Newcome, not a to know ! Out theer, by the stump of the old cedar, whore you see the big yellow t squashes inside the fence, is Gregg the post-master's, and if he don't happen to P be asleep, or in liquor, he'll attend to you," answered thle stripling. I dis- d mounted, for my horse was weak and lame, ansd, with the bridle over my arm, Sadvanced towards the garden, where the b ripe gourds lay mellowing in the sunshine. There were two or three mehito houses, of decent appearance, between me and this rustic post-office, and as Ilimped wearily on, a voice from an upper window struck upon my ear : " Why, it can't be h George- George, old follow-is it you or your ghost ! Who on earth, dear old chap, would have thought of seeing you here, as if you had Sdropped from the moon !" 1 I looked up. There, at an open window, with abuioecricketing-cap resting lightly on his fair curls, was Willy him self. There was no sign of receut sutffer ing in hIis fresh, frank, young face, as he bent forward to hail me. The sole er xpression of his eyes was that of unmitigated wonder. There he was, free, a well, and happy-looking, he, for whose ag sake I had done and borne so much, uy under the firm impression that I, and I re alone, could rescue himn from the en hangman's hands, I staggered, and let ny the bridle drop from my bonumbed arm, igs and then, for amoment I stood staring ed stupidly up at Willy, trying hard, but in ies vain, to rally my ideas. ng "So, you are released. Thank Heaven in for that !" I gasped out, at last. san " Released !" exclaimed my brother, in ng a tone of the mosat unfeigned surprise. red, " Wieho in the world wa.to l'elease ie I re- and frodm wh'at ? But, .Geoige, poor deqr old boy !" he added in sudden alarm, as lie got a better view of niy haggard eyes and thin face ; "you are ill, old fellow. Come in ; or, stop ; I'll" I heard no more. The houses, the trees, the rocks on the mountain-side, all sPeemed to spin before my dazzled eyes as if they were spokes in a giant. wheel that was beginning slowly to revolve. There were strange noises in my ears, as of a flood rushing on to overwhelhn me; and my unfeobled limbs no longer obeying my will, I sank down on the dusty road, and it seemed to grow dark all at once, as if night had come. The next thing I remember was that I was in bed in a bright, trim, little room, with flowers in the window, many sketches, coloured or in crayons, pinned to the walls, and an easel with a half finished picture in a corner. Beside me was Willy, looking very pale and anxious There was another man present, a rough unshorn fellow, with stains of mud and gravel on his muiner's clothes, but whom I guessed, by the case of instruments he was putting up, to be, in the intervals of gold-digging, a surgeon. He had just bled mo, for my arim was tied up, and he was wiping the keen blade of the lancet. " He is conscious now," said the doctor. My memory recalled a name. " Willy," said I, "I came because a man you know, a clergyman, the Reverend Aretas White, of this place" " No such minister here, you may take your oath of that !" returned the bluff surgeon; and then I fainted again, and for some days lay between life and death. (7o be continued.) 