EPITOME OF NEWS tV ?j8°wing Summary j"u—' - ' ' v a e**0^«i« V**T *ounMlk to hand ;— *V^-S fiays •—On Wfidnes ^^nn>T lectured to ' the Uiniarra We* d*S \o.r V-\ ' tfr* the British identity barks being mil ro •>«}• has received a „t to lecture in other vo,bM«JU 4 arts o» sl>jLJ}-a there are as many J ; T'o° tl {oibcant Police Magistracy 1 fpl?v «t I''1 !,'e batch are al io * , oifractice, Crown Lands "I Itovuey 'silrt»M.p_'s> aJ|(j ;lny num V jgSlini"'-i of "hlagp desire teste])from j bev 0 i. . ,v:it untiaiil to those of thoT»\'\a r has filled the office J G lldnfVJ'; for a longer time ' ° /^aypister, having held that th*u ' , ears' nine months, and n^ic® jinistriefl. teU. .^rfEXAMINElt the follow ■ " eis J111' *'lu Recent Grafton aetiowr"1,10"' " S!rI' ■ vtl|t.-jaiiiha. Ujr liom t" Cl — Dr. l'urdie gave ovi ^kUended the defendant \- U »!• al"l she was in a very ®in ■ «te. —The Crown Prose V'«J-8tood defendant con cu % the death of a child n^|pd accidentally.—At a lit was" brought tip for .tSlfe . 1» in reply to his Honor, •Itffif,, - • ®?fends here w ho would tUio>( id behaviour. Her. #teeuslaud. His Honor, 'VioUe to the gill of the Hmimuted. and said he finished already severely isoninent and disgrace, tiuld still he the better Hit, and would therefore I kept in confinement for ' jot so touch for puiiish a-ould he taken care of, ■t during that time she .''•■if* ''.kindly, \- ° I Mansfield, while in a . tion, fell into the Tweed ' fd |rowned, last week. It is 1 ed haa a wife and family . pre Clarence district. ■x,s£S.o jni.tion of the recent Gene . ff "I tt Grafton, Judge Murray -4?*% Blowing remarks His :,»» ischarged the jurymen from j dance, and, in thanking bat, with the exception of tiled by illness, their at tend Mi perfect, lie complimented id populous district also on its i imuiiinity from crime. There feeu two cases, and neither of ; residents of the district A i with the Western districts was j £ irable to the Clarence, and lie i fieir immunity from, crime was J jreat measure to the sobriety of j ® pitants. Drink was responsible j '< (degree for, a large proportion of , ■a.e—* us people became more sober 1 unity, so crime diminished."—j ' jidly agree with the last sentence J ♦going paragraph.] j \- fujowoon Dispatch says ;— s e I of a snake in the grass" is an j F (risin, but it seems necessary to j , ;for oue in hay as well as grass, s allowing incident shows. Oneday [ »k Mr, Jseth Davis With some men j igaged carting hay hear Bombay, ' licit unloading the dray at the j a son of Mr. Davis, who was on j i the load, was startled at seeing a j ^SEoT-^faraB of six feet iong, dose to liiiii. He called to his father, who pinned the reptile with one of the prongs of a pitchfork, and held it down j. until another of the party came with a j stick and put an end to the venomous creature. Young Davis may safely be j said to have had a narrow escape, for had : ho uot seen the snake in the nick of time, j the chances are that ho would have been ; bitten. „ 1 1' Wreckers'" in the Ct'MHt',ui.axn sil.R says:—Judge M'Farland told a ! blactfellow the other day that had ho j (the blackfellow) been a whitcuian ho | WouU have given him two years instead j of um for interfering with an unprotected f fcmali. I wonder what would have been - the "dowry"" if the defendant had been a I Distrtt Court Judge. i On Friday last (says the Qi'KANUEVaf Aon) i® Bandall Schofield and aiiothet , youuginan were briugitig in a bnlledk to; the slaightering yards, tlio beast became, retractry and refusing to travel farther took rfuge against the fence of Mr. Brook^%)roperty at Garryiweti. Young tSoliofiel Tode up 1 to the animal with a "e» tidislodgs him from his position, , when til bullock cliayged the horse and , ridor jjjd disembowelled the former. , Eteipmg J>om tho, enraged beast, Seio- j field disuKiri^ed, and the wounded litrao j getting away fwm control dashed off in lis i agony and canieintotmvn with his entrals ,j gdrailing after him. He was as (juickly »b passible put out ot his sufferings. Tie ■ horse was a yaluatla animal, the propory [ of Mr. Martin Byrne, junior. j A newspaper started at IVilcanns, | styled the \ViL«:axxiA GnAStiEU, brong t j out its first issue under difficulties. Tie j printing plant took three Weeks to accon- j jiUsli the journey by water : then it wa , entrusted to a , bullock dray which w» j bogged and lost eight of for n nionth. L 1 was 'brought on hoard auother tORtn, ii i which the bullocks died one by one, ant j a team of horses had to be sent out to supply the plice of the defunct bovine, j Afterwards it was upset into the rivtr, j nn«t a black ditar had to rescue the pack- > ages piecemeal. Finally it reached itsv destination at Wilcannia. I) The Maxebo Mercuuv is responsilde , ,for the follufcing JM bitIu ,a cex-taio electoral district in the colony, two de- j Seated candidates sent up a supply of gr°2 | o a polling-plscc, the keeper of which as favourable to their interests, and he u insirucUd to treat all hands. Instead distributing the " Uish" to thofreo and i spinJent electors, the receiver kept it | himself,_ opened a shanty, and has j selling it to a favoured few for whom j j "og was intended e proseut lest 1 day. One geutnm^n Wskc8 up j himself 40s. for " sun- j Our roadors wT| understand this 1 t happen ov Jtl«nar«—oh, no, ! ■» th—pevah. ; ?■!, -fl.S'MW was paid , ihuius for Cahlegranis, ! General Post Office, ■ destage stamp of a new . •^ issued. It is aimi- I Y^Ures to ibe present ! ^however, is of a , ^ is printed oil ] ° hitherto used, ■ "p.ter kind, it will ! uid}' to the . t .0 f .>!" gltC^f It ib very possible (remarks the A'.']'-) that, when the Royal commission is ay pointed to enquire iuto the causes that led to the failure on the part of the police '1 to catch the Kellys, 'a serious difficulty will present itself. The superior oflict-rs Of the force will claim the indulgence of a commission to r Very large extent in giving their evidence on the ground that nearly all the communications made to them were made under the pledge of strict secrecy. Many of the agents em ployed hy the police were not known to each other. Sherritt, who frequently slept in the same house with the relations of the outlaws, was on one occasion shot at by the police,who were weeompaui.-d by a police agent. At the time .Sherritt J was in the full pay of one of the officc-rn ] of ihe police at tienalla. Much of the in formation, in fact nearly all the informa tion. obtained by the olUcers was under the pledge of secrecy, promises being made, not only that the name of the in formant should not be given, lint also that the information itsulf should nut lie divulged, inasmuch as tiie tia'.uru of the - information would fr< piently indicate ! the source from whence it catne. In view of this liilliculty it is possible the enquiry | will not 'be open to the Press, so that the witnesses w ill be under as little restraint as possible. , The Blenheim correspondent of the Otaoo Daily Times writes:—" The New Year was ushered in by a terrible occur rence. About 12.20 on Saturday morn- ' iug a house occupied by a bricklayer I named Daike caught fire, and was soon burnt to the ground. When the lire was discovered Daike was aroused, and es caped in a blanket. Tho charred remains of Mrs. Daike were found under tlio kit- I chen floor. An iuqnest was held to- day, when the principal evidence was given by Daike, who stated that he and bis wife { were intoxicated when they went to bed. When ;awoke by the noise of the lire in the back room lie got up, took his w ife to the front door, and told her to open the deor and run out, as the tiro was increas- 1 iug.' He did not open it, as she had plenty of time herself, but returned to the bed room to throw out what he could get, and believing his; Wife had escaped he got through the window. He did not know I his wife frsa missing until the house was ] so far burnt that nothing could be saved. Other evidence went to show that the DaikeB lived on good terms." A very barefaced robbery was (the Forbes Times reports) perpetrated at the ! Albion Hotel early on Sunday'morning. 5 Mr. and Mrs. W. Richards, of Carrawo bitty, who were staying at the hotel, had retired to rest about 12 o'clock, and, as the; "night was excessively hot, bad left their bedroom window partly open. About 2 o clock Mrs. Richards was awoke • by the glare of a bull's-eye lantern; and at once discovered that a strange man was in the room. As soon as the fellow found that Mrs. Ilicbards was awake lie decamped through the window, but not without taking some' money from Mr. Richards' pocket, ' and other valuables. A'good deal of the muney was in cheques, the payment of which was at once stopped. Thursday's Echo saysA fatal acci dent occurred about noon yesterday to a man named Henry Palmer. The unfor- 1 tunate man was employed as a labourer at Smith's Wharf, and while engaged in ; some work he fell a distance of about 10 I feet on to his head, sustaining a fracture j of the skull. He was picked up ill an insensible condition, and died a few miu- j utos afterwards. The deceased was con- ; veyed to the Infirmary by Nonstable' Man- j nion.—Also : A man, aged 20, named John Maclean, a butcher by trade, was taken to the ''Infirmary yesterday, sutler- { ing from a very severe compound fracture 1 and a large lacerated wound of his left log. Whilst riding along William-street I lie collided with a cart. He was admitted. A lad named Pcrcival Thomas Carter, 11 : years of age, and residing at Woollabra, ' was kicked by a horse yesterday after- i noon, and received thereby a compound J depressed fracture of the frontal bone, ; with hemmorrhage into his right eye. j He was taken to the Infirmary where he : was admitted. A cabman, name nu- j known, was taken to the Infirmary yes terday, in an unconscious state. He had j been thrown from bis cab in William- st., j through the horse bolting, and received a severe scalp wound, fracture of threo of J his left ribs, and severe contusions over j the left eye. He was admitted. A man nnnu'il David Lewis was admitted to the j Infirmary yesterday, with the third and fourth bones of bis right foot fractured, i An ingot of tin fell on his foot whilst | following his occupation as a lumper on board ship. ! By the steamer Beagle which reached | Newcastle from Sydney on Tuesday, a j targe batch of diggers returned from the Temora gold rush, most of them intending to .go Northward in search of temporary ; employment. From their statements it would appear that gold is there in almost unlimited quantities, but the absence of Water simply means ruination to a great | 'number of the men stopping on the field who do not chance to be in the very ! midst of good luck. If a good supply of water could be guaranteed, we should doubtless see thousands iiiere following to the locality. On Wednesday last (says ihe Bathcrkt Free Press) an accident occurred to a young man named Petit, aged 10 years, while ho was engaged at his work at Wal lerawang. Petit, with several other men, was loading trucks at the railway station with heavy timber. The loading is done by pulling tho logs, which are of an cnor- I moils weight, from the ground by means J of chains. Whilst one of these heavy -pieces Was - being raised the; chains broke and the log fell back. Ill falling it rolled on to Petit, who was-standing by, and >ho, although be saw his danger, was | Wsable to move out of the road. The I dog, ro]|ed up his body, and reBted on his stomach. He was utterly •powerlvss, but his companions lost no : time iu «xtricating him. The weight on his body vHa so great that eight men had to use ftll \heir power in removing it. i After being (teed, Petit was removed and I attended to ; it the earliest opportunity ' he was forwarded to the Bathnrst Hog- ' pital, and there his wounds were ex- i amined by the metljcal men and proper ! remedies instantly applied Marvellous to relate, upon examination it was found that-tho only serious injirj-caused was a simple fracture of one & his legs. Hoi has also received seine iutarnal injuries, but dining the whole tiotj he retained • consciousness. I A tjAZETTK proclamation declares that ] the election of Mr. Iluss i to the j Legislative Assembly ,r the electoral district of Hi not- i witliHtandigj the dcla '• W t y-A. ^ ^djay '*■ ^ -vVr agj.-,*- o'i ^ - The K. Skus 'Says :—Kobcy v. the Oriental Bank : Messrs. Kobev and t"o., merchants, <»( :'.m, George-street, have forwarded us ilie following:—have just received a cable front our,Mr. H. T. ltobey, who is in Ijotidon, informing ua ttiat the appeal to the Privy Council of the Oriental Hank in the case of Kobey and others v. Oriental Hank has been dismissed. In this case we obtained a verdict for i*7-0J and costs in February, 1S7S, against which the bank appealed to the.'Full Court here for a new trial, which was unanimously refused, after which they appealed to the 1 Vivy Council where, we learn, it has heen dismissed. This is a case where the plaintiffs won every point, step by step, yet it took three years to have the action dually settled. The schooner Flora, from Sydney to Newcastle, while rounding the breakwater 'tinder Nobby Is, early on Saturday morn ing, was nearly wrecked amongst the heavy Southerly rollers. .She hail to let go her anchors to prevent drifting on to the breakwater, and was in considerable danger and roiling heavily. The guns from the Hill o«re tired, and the life-boat proceeded out promptly, followed by the small tug Perseverance, which pluekily succeeded in getting her safely to port. Messrs. I'lown's steamer Prince Alfred was in attendance us soon as possible, to render assistance. The Government t>. Aj.'ix was more than half an hour getting under weigh, and then only steamed alongside the wharf. Two passengers by the mail steamer City of New-York were swept overboard during a gale that ship encountered. Their names were Arthur Simpson and David Silva. Friday's E, News says :—The French Escapees : This morning a considerable stir was occasioned at the A. S. N. Com pany's wharf, on the appearance of live French escapees, all handcuffed, and in charge of some members of the Queens land police force. It will be remembered that these men were a short time ago dealt With in Queensland, and were or dered to be sent back to New Caledonia, whence they had made their escape. They arrived in Sydney a few days ago, and were lodged in the Water Police Sta tion, still in the custody of the Queens laud police. This morning they were handed over to the French authorities, and were brought down to the Circular Quay, where the steamer City of Mel bourne was preparing to start for Noumea, New Caledonia. On their arrival at the vessel, one of the prisoners managed to slip his handcuffs and make a bolt, but was soon afterwards captured. There was a large crowd congregated watching the proceedings, which at one time threat ened to become sensational, for on the men finding that their destination was to be back to their late (prison, their j«re viuusly quiet demeanour was thrown aside, and they broko out iuto open violence. After some trouble, however, they were safely put aboard. Asingular exhibition of brotherly love happened at Forbes tlie other day (says the Times). A valuable race mare was to be raffled in which one of two brothers, the elder, had a chance. The raffle came off, but the elder brother was nut present. -His throw, however, won the mare. Ho bad not beard of his good fortune the next morning, when his younger bro ther entered his bedroom, and, with all the bland-like innocence be conld throw into his face, offered him J.1 for his chance in the raffle. The elder, never dreaming that his brother would perpe trate atich a swindle, accepted the i'l. tin making enquiries he found that Mr. Junior had been up before him, and pur chased for a sovereign what turned out to be worth £">."> to A very Goliath among sheep (says the Al.nrr.v JUsseil) was killed last week at tlie Yabba station of Messrs. A. Pstou and Sons, on the Mitta Slitta. Tlie animal in question was a crossbred we ther, which turned the scale when dressed at 140 Ihs. We (Otaco D.uj.v Times) have already. 011 more than one occasion, expressed "111 strong conviction that the narrow-winded policy of Victoria is the one groat obsta cle, at present apparently an insurmount able obstacle, to Australian federation. We do not expect to change that policy by anything New Zealand can do, but at least our Government should take its pro per stand, and join with Adelaide and New South Wales in advocating a more enlightened course of action. A warning to horse owners that cannot be too widely circulated is given by a correspondent of the Inoxewooo A 101:1: TisEit, Victoria. He says ;—"The feed ing of burses and cattle in these neigh bourhoods on new wheat and what is known as 'heading' has proved singularly destructive to those animals, proving how* necessary it is that caution should be exercised in depasturing or keeping cattle or horses for too long a period at one time in newly harvested paddocks. Vari ous valuable animals have been lust this season in Wycliifella and Mysia from this cause, while others have been so dis abled by being what is termed foundered that they are rendered unable to work, and ever after to a certain extent crip pled." The Hekalii says :—The Minister for Lands is to be commended for the steps he lias recently taken to reserve for pub lic use several localities that have been represented as suitable for reservation, and undesirable to permit l.o he alienated. One of these, known as Hangar's Falls, in the New England district, comprises an area «f 104(1 acres. Dangar's Falls, which are distant about 13 nriles from Armi dale, have been for years a great re sort for the people of Armidale and the surrounding district. A trip to the falls is rarely missed by visitors, and is of frequent occurrence among residents. One of the finest views is obtained from the bottom of the ravine, where the water falls from a height of 300 feet, aud descends clear of the rocks to within a few feet from the bottom, and emerges into a' deep waterhole, surrounded by perpendicular rocks. The Milii Creek Falls are also embraced within this re serve. The water flows down the rocks, instead of falling perpendicularly, hut the scenery is said to be less picturesque than at Hangar's Falls. The Great Falls re serve, in the same district, comprise 81K acres. These fails are described as being less picturesque than Dangar's or Milri Creek : the water runs down a steep rocky incline, instead of falling perpendi cularly, and it is difficult to obtain a good view except from a very few points. In the same district, near Wulciis,is another reserve comprising 4T>0 acres, and. bracing the Momia Falls, have been spoken of W Wwle as the grandest sc-n»ry and though tlie amount 1 over is not great, exceptj large creek can bo seen. •about I I above the creek, and the ravine seen from I this point is about half a mile wide. The ' falls ore also noted for a remarkable echo, I and words spoken in an ordinary tone are , repeated several seconds after from the i rocks a quarter of a mile distant, with the 1 same distinctness as when uttered. The ! approach to the reserve is good, and it | will also embrace, in the Ella Creek, a lavouritewatering-plavefor pic-uic parties. The falls are situated about Jlij miles Easterly from the town of Walcha. The MKi.noriiNr. Daii.x Tm.Ker.uii says that the management of the Ex hibition was committed to the care of citizens conspicuously tmli!led for the re sponsibility, and the result has been a crop of blunders, varied by frequent epi ' sodas that liear a supiciciotis resemblance to political jobbers. [ At Mtidgce tiie pastoral, agricultural, ! faruieia, and free selectors' societies have [ amalgamated, and the new bodv is called ! the Mtulgee Agricultural Society. We (liivi-.njNj; flit.vzini:) regret to learn that by the sinking of the steamer Wagga I W ogga on her last trip don n stream, the Rev. Mr. Dodwell, the Church of Eng land Minister, who has lately coma to Hey, lost his library, the wearing apparel of his family and himself, and most.of his | furniture. The whole was on board the J boat at the time, and from being so long 1 submerged it has been completely de stroyed. The loss amounts to £40(1 and ' upwards, as there was no insurance. Wc : ate glad, however, to hear that his cou ! gregation has set oil foot a subscription to i recoup the rev. gentleman f loss, and trust that it will nWt with a hearty and generous response. No clergy man is able to sustain such a loss without seriously feeling it, and when it unfortu nately happens, the members of the com munity amongst w hom he labours should I make it a matter of duty to aid kirn in his difficulty. A correspondent from Cowra, to the Town ash Cocsruv, writes :—" On Dit: That we are going to have some more ad ditions made to the number of magistrates Blroady in this town and neighbourhood. To my thinking there are too many of the kind already. Men wlio are mixed up in all the petty peddling affairs of business are not the class of men to he expected to adjudicate with impartiality. Doubtless the late political scavenger work, so suc cessfully carried out by those engaged in it, must he rewarded in some way or an other. To this we do not object, but we hope the new batch of justices will not sit the less easily in their dignity w hen it comes to them if we now express the wish that they may be an improvement ou sume of tliose w ho at present air theireloquence on the local forum."—[Similar rumours have been prevalent in Anuidale for some time past, and some of the names men tioned in connection with " juBiiee" have caused much amusement.] Notions now a days differ as to certain forms of speech used being unfit fur repe tition iu Parliament. Many phrases which are now put down as " not parliament ary," will be recognised as attaining the highest standard of parliamentary pro priety, a meeting of the National Reform j League, says the AhuVis, was held on Jan. I 11, from which a deputation was appointed I to wait oil Mr. Berry, with reference to I certain hills in Parliament. The Secre j tary suggested to Mr. Berry the advisa bility of circulating copies of the Hansard ] among the members of the League, as a | guide to the tone of dilfereut members j speeches, and their voting on the Jio-eon i fidciice motion. Mr. Belry disapproved . of the idea as so much " foul and dirty : language" was used by lion, members. ; For this reasou, he said, he had " eri'.el 1 lair.ed serious thoughts of abolishing the Hansard altogether."—O Teiiipora O ; Mores I | Mr. Buchanan says the proper punish . nient for personators would be to brand ! them oil the forehead with the letters " O.M.G." He siibscipieutly retracted, i deeming the decoration loo severe a pun | ishiuc-ut. There has been general rain throughout ' Queensland. j A couple of constables are on duty to j prevent inquisitive strangers going on j board the steamer Sural a, now nuder i going repairs iu the Melbuurne graving dock. A Enabalong correspondent has sup plied the FORBES TIMES with the follow- ing information. On the evening of the 28th Dec.1880, Senior Constable Hynes, of Euabalong, received information that the house of a woman, named Elizabeth Dooley, at Cudgellico, had been broken into that morning by an aboriginal named Murray, who had committed a murderous and brutal assault on her. Murray beat the woman fearfully about the head and body, threatening her that if she did not let him accomplish his brutal purpose, he would murder her. Great praise is due to .Senior Constable Hynes for the man- ner in which he effectedthe speedy cap- ture of Murray, as he arrested him early on the following morning, between Eua- balong and Condobolin, while fishing, giving him only a few- hours' liberty after he committed the offence. ' The Hkuai.p says :—The Trade of the i Colony ; There has been a very great in ] crease in the export, trade of the colony j during the past twelve months, as cnin ; pared with the twelve months inime ; diatvlv preceding. For the year ended ! 1st January last the value of the exports : was io4o,('Po ; in 1 S7'.t ilie value was | £7,{iHi,0."i(5. It thus appears that the • amount has increased by over two millions i sterling. Jt may he remembered, li«w ! ever, that owing to the drought the value of the exports of 187'J showed a reduction | of about a million sterling on the amount i of those of 1878, so that, in estimating . tho progress of the colony under this : head, the earlier period should be taken, j An advance from X'!,<177,530 in 1878, to £'J,845,0'JH in 188fl, shows a very marked j development in the manufacturing and productive industries of tho colony. The J import trade, however, exhibits a decline ! i in value, for while the amount in 1j j was £11 in 1880 it was ^"'y j Xll.OBt.87L The Tan wonxn Nicks sa" :7~T*In~ i i wcrtli Flour at l'aris : A g. K-- deal of do-, i lav occurred in distrihuti-S ! j imiiio at tiiB I'arie ' I lion of 1K7S, and it was not until s"in0 j two or three months ago that Messrs. ! Lewis, Bros, received their atvard "r j tlfiiir manufactured by at t nix Flour Mills, here, And Paris, Tj^e nvvards consists of * J j grajibed ^ertificiito and a ma*?* j j medal ^ on the reverse of whi^- . |«h^c'-*Utiipetwreath, firm h»» done / -ix?• "TtKanA district l>' :.uus Sun-vim; New s | ts London correspondent has been addressed l" the j hip company with n-ft-reiice to the deposits collected at Ade ■ loide, MeiKfHaue, and Sydney, on ac ! count of tUo ;«eue»l average expenses iu ] I connection vitli the stranding of the So- j ' rata (s.), informing the direvtnrs that ; | should the amnttnt so collected he found : i on adjustment of the average to boexcess ! ivo, auy charge of eointuission on the 20 ! ! per cent, deposits will meet with deter , mined rcsiitai.ee by those interested. It j is intended in fact not to settle on the i adjustment until it is clearly ascer tained that all the charges in the state ment ate reasonable, and that the repeti : tion of what was so strongly objected to, . though too late, iu the case of the Cuzco, ; has not. been attempted, f Tut tivxiiiB Times says:—A somewhat ; j sudden death occurred on Sunday from i sunstroke, the victim being Mr. Buchanan, ; an elderly man, resident on the South side of the river, in the vicinity of Junes' Hill. He was walking along the road on the morning of that day, having on his head a fur or liair cap, when he was sud denly seized with vertigo and fell down ; before the doctor, who was sent for, ar rived, death had snperveued. Several cases of illness of greater or less severity have occurred in the neighbourhood from the same cause, so that it believes all persons whose occupation or business loads them much mere abroad to take all due precaution to ward off or protect themselves from the bum's rays during this vnrusuiilly hut summer weather. Saturday's E. News says :—Yesterday afternoon a chemist, named Jas. Hughes, lodging at Garrett's hoarding-house, 111 Lower George-street, made a most deter mined attempt,at suicide. He had only lately arrived front Queensland, but had been iu Sydney on two or three previous occasions. Between 4 and 5 o'clock yes terday a fellow lodger, named William [ j Best, entered Hughes' room, and found him lying en theffoer with several wounds | in his throat and a razor by his side, and a table and on the floor. He was removed to the lulirmary by Constable Duisley, where it was found that lie bad a wound j HI inches long near the windpipe, a guper I ficial wound below this, and one or two i small cuts on the left side of the throat, j His wounds were dressed, and he was i placed in the casualty ward. 11 ughes is a | single man and a native of Jamaica, and ; it is supposed he was in a state of delirium j tremens from excessive drinking at the time of the occurrence, j Also :—The delegates from the various i colonies who are now in the colonies for i the purpose of attending the Jntcreolo 1 nial Conference ore to-day the guests of j Sir Henry l'arkes, at Fatcoubridge. They j left Sydney by special train at 311.20 a.m. j to day, accompanied by the Premier, the : Colonial Treasurer, Sir John llobertson, ! and other Ministers. If social intercourse can in any way lubricate the state ina ; chinery and make matters wolk smoothly i the present conference ought to be of the : most comfortable and satisfactory cha , meter. The whole of next week will be provided for by the public men of New Suuth Wales, who are enacting the part ! of the hosts of those of the other colonies. I tin Monday, as previously stated, they ) will tie the guests of the Speaker (Sir ; George Wigram Allen), and on Tuesday | of the Colonial Treasurer (Mr. Jas. Wat ; son). On Wednesday they will be enrer ; tained by the Chamber of Commerce, aud j on Thin-day it is likely they will lie taken to view the beauties of the harbour and ; suitably regaled by another prominent , member of the Ministry. This will leave i Friday or Saturday for the protectionists ' to do honour to Mr. Berry, and so next j week will have its programme made up. Tile J'xi.meh. Ciiiioniii.k relates the : rapture of a Chinese robber by a stng ; hound, and belonging to Mr. C. * t l!nen. Oil the 10th inst. the dog met bis master '■ on his road home at the Queen, and as the aniuial barked rather unusually Mr. ; OTtrieu followed it to a forge, where he found his carpet bag had been secreted. , Subseipieutly he discovered that a ijuan ! tity of clothing had been taken from bis hut. But he could find no traces of the thief. On the Sunday following, how ever. while in bed, Mr. O'Brien was , aroused by hearing a noise indicating that tlio dog was engaged in a severe struggle, and, on going to the spot, was j bonified to tirid that tlio bound was I worrying a human being. He managed ; to choke off the animal, which at that time had seized the thief, who was & , Chinaman, by the neck. The flesh had been torn off "John's" right aim, and the light side of the body so opened that the entrails were visihle, while there were ugly holes in the neck. I'olico assistance was tent for, but before it was obtained, the Mongolian had disappeared, and word has since reached Maytowu that he I 1ms succumbed to his injuries, j The Maitvnouovun Cimosii i.r says :— ; The mysterious disappearance of a large i sum of money in a maimer which indi 1 cates very barefaced robbery is not a ! pleasant matter for us to record, but ■ such an event was brought under the no i tice of the police on Friday. The re j port is that on that day Mr. George j ltiitherford, general storekeeper, Ade i lade, placed a sum of £223 in bunk notes, | tied up ill a pocket handkerchief, in a j supposed place of safety behind a l.iokilfe J glass in his shop, arid d' liug his t''"" j I porary absence from the jnviinse- that j | morning, the whole lot disappear-"- j j ! formation was at one" given t„_.ne pence. j j foil up to last nicht nothing in th1 w,0 ! of a clue had b'«" obtained. I At Cown> w 1,10 a J narrow es 'lJe ln"» a turn occ"i'r ;it ,!"= y oa i Wao * t-e maid servants w*' Rkout retiring ; f _ the night when, bV40"16 means, tliej^ oe a mass of flames in " \- ^ " t-*—' fitri innately »hera^a,.n"«&m;®" f ■"*t- ' 6t Ashing the b£ ' much tuucloc^iri _curred. V <«/;''r' nature a * "'^av„1Jr. hwi, dostr' an,}", V"J»' »„ r" JVuw r it, i (Jr)i ,a f t . ''fc/r. j Wilt m<>"tj >S"'oji. ">"*t , if Is' "'»tt I..1 if n, ■ hook!"3-? ' of A lucky half-crown Ye, i.anp Times) was tint *"* fci^ht of our bsvil .jj-, "'hi; contributed to make cure a share in •weep, periodically i bourne races by C. i of the betting ring. . - 3[ j made up secured the »• '"J1 each of the lucky control®. 3 j dred pounds for his make ,, «y , th«"Va < ring. LJT_ jm-. rownJ have determined to shaf'. tune with the I'arramat ar>" [ tune with the t'ai-ramat eat> i,,s jeacli of the winners suf^'V^ v - ! towards the funds of that®5 J admirably conducted ii)sf|.use%s ,©* | About a dozen young" ., Vo-jC1^r | laid themselves out for?! ®U»vC uv I sport mi Now Years Eve, i Assembling together, tbey fPpsiC1 j it would be a good joke it Y V»VV bridle. sittiAt»<4 in ,,t *iZr ti^'v bridge, situated in one of theL® throw it into the river. Thf*' 1 at once entertained, the im \tw' | raised, and, after a deal of {T H?* it at. work, they arrived with it at hank, dust then, lioffersr, ■ constable with two of his me£nH= v themselves. They had been watT^'M' whole proceedings at a distajtfnu*F° guardian of the peace thought' jy would he just as n ull for them to I,, /1 bridge back to the old spot, and p| its proper position, and they iutint!" * much to the jokers, lint tins w t | easily done, the ground having fj » ' C-. ""' "m ««u and it was not until some hard pg" J j shovel work had been jnrform all was made straight. Some la; ! oat linnets "Tis strange but true, f.ir jTort'V " ways stranger than fiction." fcj;r)"k, morning, as the workmen w( Au the first shift in the EldolvJ-nf (i n (says the ilAi.i.uuf Sr.u;) |t„ , lo,.J dale—it,.. .We I->F •JUtlo dale—the shaft now being d$amr?;IK' of 70 feet—one of the werknjr will light my pipe "before giT !\ J, He according sat on a liea|)i(a*at }" ; proceeded to rot his tobaeoDrhi.i. " ed„e ..f ,1. . l.;r. - ■ edge of the knife came in <»> a. , °,n< some hard substance, and alter , development displayed a lad Acs" af f® j set with a Mosaic or stuue cul|'.'V''1'* duly embedded in the tehafe i ')url [ frogs we read of in solid di> j workmen were astonished, T, 1" j e»s may see the ring be callil, " e '!t ■ Ibrlton, in ISiook-street. C«,.0 the subject were profound ?ed a . in amber, neither rich nor raft,.. ? 1 ! wondered how (he devil it goft . UI" I A correspufidcat of the £/« Iw® j Chuosi. ll States that an tlld 7®?.* i tempt to kuiu ..If the grass off., fte| run was made on the tlnd f |jLrJ I inspection, it was seen that ,5e " ) five placeshad been tired witlife- ,f SS"r j a mile, and the second lire o j0 niC: » uiuu, auu uie SCCOIKI lire ->»0 " Deiiiliqiiin. On an J near t# ,.h„|,f'? three or four places within aiLu, '^al» patently been wilfully set ft thto!? * vile perpetrator could' have ft | tuotivo than to trv and b«,rf I before him, and it i's to be Mfc3?e j may he found on t. ; There are six candidates"*,'^ | Hicf}iieanbsyaiiele,-torate,':>fkltriie«t»' the resignation of Mr. Th<*s?\a;', is l'"1 j The Mn-xrurs,,, Tin| i T. IV. Meymott met «ithrxce9*!^ , , Oils accident on .Saturday I bv)^ ; It appears that Mr. Mel1!® ^s'a, ; turning home in his carriag? S' " ' boy Hollow about five oVjj'"'" ! accompanied by Ids daiight'^ 1 maid servant, and three .jtiicc — ! Kvans's children. On ,v:1 J: kiscinv 5 . part of the hill near the ; he found the road very shifter,®*Taft ; and Wont on to tbo gi.ij.-yi^ie r>. III. left hand side. After proceL & a £ I way and limtiiig that the sidf-ig 'was : coming much higher than the road? ; considered it advisable to descend t?' ; road, which ho attempted to do at a f ; where other wheel marks were visf When he put his foot mi the brake i ' turned the horsu to leave the bank wl j was two „r three feet higher than ; road, the carriage gave a j„]t, Mr. J] ; niott thereby missed his footing «u I brake, atid losing his balance fell to j ground in front'of the oil' side <\ h ! whete he lay itisensible for some tuttiu . Iti the mean time the horse, which j Innately was a very tjtiiet one, procee. l at a gentle trot, and the children, bee. i big frightened, began to scteain ; thereby attracted the attention : air. (lately, of Wingen, who was i iug into Mtirruruudi about a hand yards in advance of where the aeeiJ took place, and who immediate!e ■ , mounted and stopped Sir. Mcvim horse, ami releasing the children ft carriage, drove back to wher ( mott was lying. The first thing mott reeoileets after falling I carriage was Sir. Cutely ® head and kindly attending, j then being able to got I was driven Iiotne to j , j tiift Bttl'Vnut rlii'Llf ^ linff, a,,d Winiv ^f«H. ] FurtUii-ttely i.mja af the i-ltV),?. linrt beyond the fri'.-ht ]).. " j war sent for and having o:tamim!d"l injury foiiim that no bones w,..v. i i but that Sir. Mey in o tl «- * ' !U"3 fmed il JLtZ;eVT his iutep up t„ |,;s filc , £•'<<-3 fn wee torn at the knee S!, m ' i' * TO IMS ronm f,. *, 7 end tumble to move without ';?! P'i" -"Old sum,ess i,| "V155'8'"1 "f lits hodv, esoeciallv I , 1»» «»1 arm ' i/ S rJSbt should. arm. ,>„ FrM b" Meymott #1S sti„ - 3f hr>"Z ctmt pain itl lh j . ';' am and could n-tdre^^C «as »|So great pain and difficultv i "1» <»f lying down. J 1 in risin Tit j? ixtw f .f . the r ">< t? «f ™ lt}£r (y . Ok.. ..'V,,-. rated, the *,<# WKSllol V L good X i.isi-. Hut tills colli iness wis -luxtined to !aei after s lewf years, the duelist ion wit h •!i:uli>«ss. tier tnono-i asistc; in frtdieving herself po^ the ghost «f her predoesggor, sa>t self every where folioii'ad by »4 w iil>. u -dead child in her aruitjs, ims destruction to her and Sur I en. I'leqiienfly she has "escaped \ her house ami homed through ;tlip T ts of Hoiiie towards thoTihi-r, crvt i«, " My children ! My children IE SEil AI STKAL''^ MEAT t o. IX l.itsne , ti: London correspondent ■■ hi. >>; i:k suites :ts full «w'-,'a • ' ecu to the new Australia ®f»is gvg X"ias^ 'tmrJeA JK"-1 V. «harel"' € >»:/*« V par, \,ft _ ^ *os. 1 ,* = for- ] tu fei" u«d ' which ■ ui«- i mem and j ten ft ; tl." rV" It'll ioii* a ' g'l I't'l H ' ' ioiitilic dtiol ( taiitma frtim 'eJ'" 1 Italia. Not' * . ! Tattoriiiaji tlj J"3 j Imbler of tlit paiiy thought. , i '•> know Ilia . : 'r- ; with every i r'H" j wharfs, the c se- : est energy of. *re j disastrous ft f3 ' his K'ihs, holt1 M-entary of ! tho Times, J nine of tinsel ,m , StnithfieM *£* l meat hy l, #»* '«i ,-rtit j i». fact. tlu'v wv 045 j tin; it lit-'i rt ; siss unfrozvst uto f*r iU quality afj<1 '• i ii»aii f" that \Unwsh !• V^iiS Ul(a v j ocss in th' £ tlli'SC liUlC1 " ! al„i» W 