AQUATIC NOTES. By "Aquarius." The disappointment on Tuesday morning l&9t, even amongst those who do not take any particular interest in rowing, was something intense when they read the telegrams in that morning's newspapers to the effect that " owing to the Thames being blocked up with ice, and the rowing course being thereby im peded, it has been decided by the umpire, under the terms of the articles of agreement, that the sculling championship race between Hanlan and Laycock, postponed from to day (Monday), shall be rowed on Saturday next, 22nd inst. In the meantime both men remain in active training, but as they are unable to go on the river, they are taking strong walking exercise." Since then, tele grams have been received informing as of floods on the Thames, and the severity of the winter ; and a telegram published yesterday- informs us that " the river Thames is ice bound, and it is impossible that the sculling championship race could be rowed for many days. All bets on the race will be off after Sunday next." Thus, judging from present indications, there is veiy little likelihood of the match coming off after all, more especially as Laycock's leave of absence has nearly expired ; but it is sincerely to be hoped that the match will be eventually decided, and set at rest for all time any doubt that may exist about Hanlan being the best oarsman in the world. Commenting on the result of the race be tween Hanlan and Trickett, the New York Spirit of the Times remarks : — "For a month before the race Hanlan was hard at work on the same course with Trickett, and fee Aus tralian party had every opportunity to watch his daily practice, to see him row his trial spins, and to time him over measured frac tional portions of the course. .But nothing that they thus saw or heard could .shake their blind confidence in the antipodean giant. They backed him freely and per sistently from the day of their arrival in England up to the day of the race, and all sensational stories about Trickett's ill-health, ' 1 poor condition, and over- training are swept away by the simple fact that his backers Were full tof confidence and betting their money freely up to the very minute of the i nvu" side the Atlantic, Barney Thompson followed similar tactics. TTa toolc arri .®ere hets, deposited round sums, of /Trickett' money in all the prominent sport ing resorts, actually bet New York City to a standstill, and the market,- an hour before the race, could have been; correctly quoted : 'Thompson offering ..unlimited sums on Tnskett, with no takers.' And yet in the race Trickett never had the ghost of a chance, and Hanlan actually made sport of him, and played monkey capers all over the river in' a race which decided more money than any ever rowed in the world." . The New York Herald of the oth December, gives the following account of the second match between Boss and Trickett. It will be remembered that Trickett won the first match bv four lertortha hnf fLof r _ e>— JU uuxistajumice ui a foul, the referee ordered it to be rowed over again : " The weather was misty, but fine, and there was a fair sprinkling of spectators , along the banks of the river. The water was .calm, and there was a good tide.. Boss rowed in a jersey, but Trickett was stripped to the buff. The race was a most lmp/raitiwg one. The start was veiy even, but Boss soon went ahead, and had the lead by nearly three lengths at the point. He maintained the same lead through Hammersmith Bridge, which he passed in 9min. 19sec. from the start. He then went further in front, had the race in hand at Chiswick, passed Barnes bridge three lengths ahead, and won with great ease by about the same distance, never having been headed. - Ross had the lead of a length at the .boathouses, which are the first landmark after the start. Trickett, after Barnes Bridge had been passed, was much exhausted, while Boss was going well within himself. Trickett, however, made a last game effort, but Boss also spurted, eventually win ning easily. The start was delayed by a pre vious local race. The time of the race was OOmaCm 4 Amaa i ) 2 3 . rt f -60U11U. -ivsei;. xwss naa cne ourrey station. There were two or three false starts before the men finally got away, Boss pulling a stroke of 34 to the minute and Trickett 38 to 39. Boss, even at a slower stroke, drew away. He slowed down after passing Simmons's boathouse, and even then maintained the lead. Boss's time for the first mile was 5min. 14sec. At this point, Trickett became very slow, and Boss increased bis lead at every stroke, seemingly without effort. In the next half-mile Trickett, spurted repeatedly, but was unable to touch Boss, who had the lead off the Soap Work3 by three lengths. Trickett slightly decreased the lead after Chiswick Eyot was passed, hut Boss passed Chiswick Church 12sec. ahead, and after this he did as he liked, occasionally easing and not attempting to row. The re sult,, to say the least, has placed public form altogether at defiance. The victory of Boss in the second race requires much explanation, as a sorry figure was cut by the Australian com pared with his easy victory of Monday. How ever, one thing is certain — both contests were genuine, and were carried ont in n. snnriemon. like style. Indeed, it is useless to insinuate that the proceedings on either occasion were unfair. The facts of the race'on Monday can be put into a nutshell. Both men were un well, and by no means fit to enter the boats. Trickett then was the better of the two. The few days' interval no doubt benefited Bosb, who had done little work. The port and beef tea upon which he had since trained caused him to row 61b heavier. He looked better in the face, and appeared more confident. Trickett, although he had been staying at the seaside, still wore the same careworn expres sion." A general meeting of members of the Bar- won Bowing Club was held in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, Mr. C. Shannon being in the chair. A letter was read from the secretary of the Victorian Bowing Association, asking if there was a member of the clnb good enough to torm one of the Intercolonial Eight-oared crew, to row at Sydney in April next. The letter was referred to the captain. A state ment of accounts was submitted, which showed that, after paying for the shed, and supplying a new stock of boats, the debit balance would amount to £137 19s. 5d. Mr. Nicholls stated that the bazaar had yielded a net profit of £450. Mr. Strachan stated that it was pro posed to hold the usual regatta early in the season on the Barwon Biver, and Mr. G. Up ward, of the Coyio Club, had promised to cpl- leci, subscriptions towards prizes for the re gatta races. A meeting of the Colac Bowing Club com mittee was. held on Wednesday evening, directly after the annual meeting had been held, for the purpose of picking crews to re present the club at the forthcoming regattas to be held shortly at Melbourne, Ballarat, and Geelong. The following are the crews se lected : — Senior Four- oared : Pearson (stroke), Page (3), Hearn (2), Hancock (bow). Maiden Gig: Hammond (stroke), Hart (3), Deans (2), and Ulmer (bow). The New York Spirit of the Times thus refers to Laycock: — " Laycock, the tall Aus tralian winner, is a man among ten thousand, and has earned the unoualified aimrobation of every decent man in Christendom. We have had scullers who planned,, scullers who plotted, scullers who talked, scullers who lied, and scullers who stole, but here is a sculler pure and simple : that rare aquatic jewel— a sculler who sculls. lie came to England as a sort of companion and friend of the much- yaunted Trickett, and brought a boat along, just for the sake of healthy exercise. The in fallible riverside critics all said he did not know how to row, and sympathised with his stupidity when he made a match for l,600dol. against a third-class Englishman who could, of course, row right away from this awkward colonial. Finding that this untutored savage had money and would back himself, Hosmer next jumped at him, and was speedily accommodated with a ftimilflj- match. Then ' Hawdon wanted a slice of the cake, and was promptly helped ; and, 1 lastly, Hanlan and his backers picked I out Biley as a sure thing, and made a fourlh ' match against this industrious simpleton from far-off shores. As soon as the match making was over, the rowing commenced. Laycock paddled away from Blackman, and everybody said Blackman was stale. He leisurely finished far ahead of Hosmer, and it was found out that Hosmer wa3 over- trained. He made a laughing-stock of Biley, , and Biley had not been in the country long j ' enough; and his fourth victim, Hawdon, who had wen in the country quite a sufficient time, was keen enough to forfeit his match, . and thus save half his money. Then comes ' the regatta, and, Laycock finishes an easy ; winner, beating Ross and Hosmer and Smith and Trickett and Biley and all the, smaller fish, and now he challenges Boss and Hanlan, and expresses his willingness to row anybody, anywhere, for any money. If a certain Ame rican sculler had Laycock's heart inside his vest, the champion of the world would have lived in New York since 1876." The protest made by the Hawthorn crew against the Corio Bay crew for fouling them in the senior eight-oared race, at the last Colac R(%atta, was decided on Tuesday last. The umpire refused to decide the protest or take evidence, as he was too distant to see the foul ; but he expressed an opinion adverse to the Corio Bay Club as being in shore of its proper line. iae xvegatca Gouimiitee onerea to refer the protest to the Victorian Bowing Association, but the dabs decided to leave it to the Regatta Committee. Six witnesses were examined, and the Corio captain was present, and was heard in reply; finally the committee decided in favour of the Haw thorn Club, who will receive the prize, but they exonerate the Corio from intentional wrong in the foul. . The time for receiving entries foe the Port land Cup has been extended to Monday, the 24th inst. 