i city Life in corinth. S| Bishop Moorhouao delivered tho frith oi his P Series of lectures upon city life in Corinth 03 rjishown by the writings of St. Paul, at St. Paul s iffiPro-cathcdral, yesterday, 'f hero was again a largo vjutteriduncc, and his Lordship spoke as iollows 1 I shall endoRTor to-uay to oauiun, — & church's conflict at Corinth with immor.dity, and te next Wednesday, when X abalJ deliver the last of f'l this series of lectures, 1 shall speak to yon 'U'of the church's conflict with false liberty. iS.Vo loam from the fifth chapter of tlio first t - epistle of Corinthians that while the meuibera of r! the church were boasting and swelling about ? thoir wisdom, their spiritual gifts, and thoir I'i loaders, they wcro Suffering a form of immorality bjto lift up its head amongst them unrebttked |tf which would bavo been counted in famous even K amougst tlio heathens. This was a flagrant stain H upon their purity, a poisonous ' contagion which SI threatened their very life. Gathering up, tlicrc- 8j fore, a"- it were all the spiritual forces of the H church, liis own apostolic authority, the suffrage H af the assembly and tho power of tho Lord Jesus, 1! which dwelt in both, St Paul smites tho offender jffl with tho rod of excommunication. Tho terms in 89 which lie delivers his sentence are peculiar, and H reveal tc us in a very striking way tho apostles U view of the relation of the chnrcli to paganism. H Ho solemnly delivers the offender to Satan, Iho B ogure hero would seem to bo suggested by the B ancient theocracy. Tho church was tho holy Ktily, surrounded everywhere by an outlying H\\.v».vhism. Of the city of God Christ was tho lord jsjaa rtTiiu-. Of ihu diirk J- main ot heulhefiisUi, Hhfae ruler was Satan. To deliver a man then to Satan was to cast him forth into the outer dark- 13 ncss, where Satan ruled. Carry him forth, the IfS apostle seems to say, to the confines of the camp 9 of God, and stamping on liis broiv tho brand of fl| excommunication, drive him out into tho waste HI wilderness of paganism, where his mostcr will EBbe, not Christ, but Satan, tho lord bf that lost Blond. This form of speech presents to us most (M vividly the awfulness in tho npostio'B eyes of tho sentence ho was pronouncing, and at the same |H timed ho moral austerity which puts holiness be- BlaCon; ia-Sf. "hing. Vie must not forget to notice, nj however,' first, tho occasion of this Btorn disci- Elplmo. It is not provoked by nny examination of lithe stale of the mind or feelings of the offender, Bwnjiit by opsn and notorious transgression ; trans- jrasgrcsiion so flagrant and visible, that unless the IMchurch east it out, she must appear to all men ffflto condone ami sharo it. Wo notice in the second Ipjplace tlie n'urposb of tho discipline. Itis in- Mtended, through present suffering, to reclaim tho lifoffemler: '-that tlie spirit may bo Saved ill tho Kgitay of tho Lord Jesus." Christianity never pun gSfisiics merely to mako an _ example of a man, it RKnevcr sacrifices tho individual to the society ISSwithout thought of the individual's weal. Jt llfmakes much of the single ooul,_ recognising its Rgloity nature, its woiidfous destiny, its place in BEth c heart and work of the Divino Saviour. This mis the very note indeed of the evangelical spirit. jsj|At the same time, of course, it ennnot neglect Bathe contagious character of evil. Such a ono as jffithis incestuous odeuder, if he were suffered to fitfflmnu his infamons sin in men's eyes unrobuked, gwould infect and deteriorate the whole body. SThis conseqnonca would follow in any age : land how 'much uioro then in that, when |lhe church was scarcely extricated from the deleaving taint of pagan immorality, when, a small "and ieehle band, it was threatened on every sldo 5S>y the almost unbroken power of a vast and Sshauiclcss heathenism. Do you not know, crien at he apostle, how small a portion of fouven snf- vfice.i to change tho whole nature of tho dough ; I and is not the lump here at Corinth all too apt to Vespond to tho evil influence ? Do you hot see thai tho littlo island of purity recently arisen Jroui the foi iiile-a abyss is beaten and assailed on every side by tho billows of an overflowing licentiousness? Do you not sec that the dykes of Christian law and disciplino hardly keep out the Jurious flood, and that if you suffer any, even the Jmuiiest brmch in them, to go unrepaired, the iaging sea of wickedness will too suroly reclaim raits own ? The world of St. Paul'B days was like Ktbnt wild and lawless land, outside the pale of jfiYrthur's Christendom, of which the lauroatosings Sin his Idylls of the King. In the midst of phis chaos of lust and crucity there rises tho for- Stress of the Christian Church, to find sanctuary' Kin which tho hunted soul of malt is seen flying in fifthc night, with nil the legions of ovil in full Sjrcliose. What kind of refuge wore it if tho evil Wfounil place within — if the soul escaped only from R'dcnth into a dungeon ? Discipline, and oven the P'jtcrnest discipline, was necessary in days like fethopo, not only for the church's sake, but also for I'.the world's. It is a branch of the same subject fgwhich tho apostle takes up in tho 7th chapter of i .'this epistle. The Corinthians hud asked him i 'three important questions on the subject of mar- f ringe — Were1 married Christians to live together, if or might they separate 1 What should bo done .when a Christinn convert was married to a hen- '_then ? And, lastly. What should parents and (.guardians do— should they givo their virgins in .''marriage? To tho first question the apostle's reply is prompt and clear — between Christians i marriage is indissoluble. " Lot not the wife Tdcpart from her husband." This answer was die- ' tated by the loftiness of the Christian ideal of : itnarriage. It was a anion not between two bodies '.merely, but between two spirits, each supplying to the other something that it lacked, the man .'giving to tho woman strength of character and firmness of will, and receiving for his own solace 'and elevation grace, sympathy, tondorncss. This union, so deep and dear, requiring nothing less than a lifetime for tho development of all its 'wealth of mutual improvement, was further hal lowed and glorified in the Christian chnrcli by its Representative character. It was taken as an image of tho love between Christ and his church ; pnd those who entered into it a ero bidden to aim it nothing less than tho tenderness and purity of that divine and eternal relation. To establish Inch a relation in the world was to lift humanity ;,to a higher phnsc of moral existence. Frera tlie K, floors of such a homo there went forth influences fgWhich gave a now purposo and fashion to every i relation, whether social or political, of human jsjifo. It elevated woman to an absolute equality i with man. It made slavery impossible, for !, slavery cannot co-exist with Christian marriage, and how could yon part those who were one in .Christ, one for eternity? As Uauer has pointed font, "It was Christianity which by the quiet (power of its family and wedded life broko down (the aristocratic and despotic spirit of the nncient fjworld," making thoStato less, and tho individual rmire, aud setting the crown of cxistoncc not on thgEe qualities and relations which wore political, Tbut which were spiritual and human. What a gracious tenderness is there in T'crtuliian's do- aenptiou of tho union of two believers " of one hope and ono conversation." "Both arc bre- thren, both are fellow servants ; there is no (difference of spirit or of body ; they are truly two in'one flesh. Whore there is One flesh there is also one spirit ; tbfy pray together, fast together, lead and admonish one another. They are to gether ia tho church of God, in sorrow or in joy ; neither conceals anything front the other ; neither is troublesome to the other. Christ rejoices when He sees and hears such tilings ; to snob lie sonds Hit, own peace." Perhaps this description may Owe something to the fervid writer's African imagination ; but the ideal is there, and before tlie Gospel suggested itsucli an ideal could have presented itself to no man's mind. In its very statement we feel the breathing of that pure and tender feeling which brooded like a heavonly 'dove above tbo Christian home. From tho stand point of such an ideal what answer could the ajmstle give to the first question but that Chris tian marriago was indissoluble ? Perhaps, ulso, 'recognition of his Christian standpoint may ngSp us to understand his probably unexpected decision of the second question. It was very 'natural for a convert, man or woman, who bail a heathen partner, to feel doubts about the validity Pfjtlic marriage union. Tho more clearly the tonvcrl. realised liis union with Christ, ail the more was he likely to feel the stress of the difficulty. He was drawn into union with Ciffist, how thou could ho continue in uniim with one who was out of Christ? wffiaily diversity of taste3, dispositions and (dibits would obtrude the reality of something Ptej n spiritual separation. Was not, then, tho nafriape ipso facto dissolved? The apostle do- Mfs that it is not so. That same new spiritual lljiion to Christ which created the difficulty had tshuoklod and sanctified tho married relation I the Christian wotnuu tied to a heathen Iiub- i by this sacramental bond of Eden drew her dieving husband into the kingdom of God. tic with Christ could not be broken. Neither 1 jier tie to her husband. Therefore tho lius- l iiittst be conceived as drawn, if not into the i of the kingdom, at least into a kind of Sratic twilight, which was better than the r darkness of heathenism. And for the same m the children of mixed marriages are to be led .holy, capable through their connection Bhj their believing mother, and through the in- reaion of her spirit, of being baptised into the gOie Name. It is impossible to concoivo a IJhBgcr declaration of the permanence on iHstian principles of tho marriage bond. ®lio more startling then is it to find the jWtlo in bts answer to tho third question of S)Sor'."lhians leaning to tho side of celibacy. about virgins is — though ho admits SHimciiity of the question, and only professes Sgvo his private judgment on it— that it is stes lor them, Jf their will bo free, not to jpj'. But now it is of the utmost importance, jte would understand this decision, that we in- no mt tlie grounds of it. Is it based upon the > of man, and of the marriage institute, or ("ny reference to the circumstances of a clar ago ? If the former, it is equally vnlid, ias li goe3, for all time ; but if the latter, only nave application to thoso who are in contemplated circumstances. I can have ibt that the grounds of tho npustlo's coun- i of the latter kind. He says that single o supposes, " js good for the present dis- t wt. Paul said that persecution was im- Bgi a Persecution that would put men in I' of losing preporty and life, and which involve them in torture, imprisonment and I every form of suffering. And who could fail to sec that innrriago would multiply tho trtnis oi such a lime almost indefinitely. A man mlgnc bear to suffer himself, hut if he saw his wifo bud- jectod to indignity, Itis children tortured, starvou or iluprisoned,— would not this ho a fearful trial of his faithfulness ? Might not many a mans constancy givo way, and at best must not ins sufferings be most cmolly aggravated? urc'y» in the prospect ot nnch a lime, it was uewu iu, a man who was master cf his own will noL to marry, or give his daughters in marriage. Certainly, however, this is not the only reason given by Bt. Paul. lie seoms to say that marriage will cause a man or woman to care so much to please the part her as to interfere with duty to Christ. Now, we know that this is by no means a necessary consequence ; but, on tho contrary, in such a marringo as that described by Tertulhan a man might bo sustained in his self-dovotion to it W tho tenderness and elevation of ins wite s character. What, then, is tho meaning of luis statement of the apostle? Wo must remember that it only expresses tho apostles opinion with respect to that time and place. Anil, remembering this, it is natural to ask whether there , wcro any circumstances in the life of Corinth which were likely to call form such counsel? There certainly were. Itis trno that no Christian fatbur would havo thought o. giving his daughter to a heathen : but then lie must give her to a man who had been n bcatbeu, and who looked upon ranrringo with very much of the heathen fcoling. The Christian ideal of marriage could not have been realised in a single generation. As in the case of all now ethical conceptions ordinary hutnan beings could only comprehend and conform to it through a succes sion of efforts and through the transmission of moral aptitudes acquired slowly in a succession of generations. Hindoo converts know that they slioald be truthful ; but it requires a succession of generations to work out the old heathen leaven of deceit. If then among the Pagans at Corintb the ideal of marriage was low and impure, we might expect that the shadow of the evil would rest at first over tho homo of the newly-con verted Christian, and that the ideal of marriage was low, almost indeed at its lowest, In the Corinth of tho apostle's dnys, wo havo the clearest evidence.. Tho Greek wife of those times was stniplv a houschould drudge, without edu cation, living, as Plato cays, a lilc of seclusion and darkness, rarely seeing her 'husband; and iiviug mostly in separate apartments in the so ciety of her slaves. Marriage was so distateful to tho Greeks that, as among tho Romans, it liad, to be enforced by law. Tlie morals of the Greek women were as low as their intelligence : in Sparta, especially, where married women lived in such iv state of unbridled licentiousness a3 is hardly creditable. It speaks for itself, that, in tho whole course of their history, the Greeks de veloped no noble woman. Antigone is the creation of tho imagination of Sophocles ; hut where aro the lliriums, the Deborahs, tho Abi gails, of Greece? Horrible as it is to havo to say it, where among Greek women there was culture thoro was brazen immorality. Aspasia, tlie Il lustrious companion of I'cricles, and Thcodota, the friend of Soeratos, were not amongst tho wives, but tbo Hctaine of Greek history. Corinth was tlie metropolis of these Ilctaine under Roman rule, and besides was tho most dissolute city in tho world. Remembering these facts, and bearing in mind that ideals are but slowly realised, it is wonderful that evon among . Christian converts at Corinth marriage was still a relation which encumbered a matt with cares which stood in tho way of prayer, and was gene rally rather a check upon debauchery thun what in ideal it wns, and in fnct it afterwards be came. It was of this marriage that St. Paul spolce, and of it ho said that it was leas desir able than celibacy. The apostle's advice in Hhort was foundod entirely upon the circum stances of his own time ; upon tho drcr.d of ap proaching persecution, nnd upon the .imporfent realisation of the Christian ideal of marriage. But now, in view of that disastrous history of celibacy which has sought to justify iteelf by tlie apostle's teaching, it is most importojit to point out what was not the ground upon which that teaching was based. It wns not based upon iho view that marringo was in itself less pure or honorable than virginity. Strange to say_ this grous l1— doctrino of u Inter Christian asceticism — was built upou a philosophy which the church had rejected as heretical. Nothing could bo fiercer than Tertullian's denunciation of gnos ticism as u system of doctrine. Nothing can be clearer than his submission to tho sentiment which gnosticism created. I havo before ex plained tho fundamental position of gu criticism. It held tho existence of two independent prin ciples—the ono good, tlie other ovii. Tho gool principlo it identified with spirit, the evil prin ciple With matter and the finite world. Eetwoon these principles there was everlasting war. If, therefore, a man would be rid of evil ho must free himself not from wilfulness or selfishness— the only thing which is really ovil— but from mattor and the finite, as though it wore only evil to havo a body nnd limitation. This Bttaiigo theosophy can bo traced first to tho Indian and Egyptian gymnosophists, and through them to the Buddhists of Hindostan. "The identity of this occult element," it has been truly said, " working under so many forms, and during tho lapso of so many centuries, and struggling on from oust to west like a pestilence, Dorn in the mud of the Gauges, and spreading death to tho shores of tho Atlantic, becomes manifest when wo keep tlio eye fixed upon certain of its constant characteristics." In spread ing through tho world with its high philo sophical pretensions and its dolusive pro- misc to Solve the dread enigma of evil, it had thrown a kind of glamour over tho soul of man. Many imbibed from it a contempt of the material and the bodily who fiercely resisted it as a theory of life. No mnn; indeed, could think at all iu the first four Christian centuries without feeling tho spell of its speculative fascination. It wns to those centuries whatGcrman philosophy has been to these. It swayed the feelings nnd sentiments of its bittorest foes. Bauer lias shown with great skill how its contempt for the bodily produced a two-fold effect. On the one side, it led soiuc of tho gnostic socts to affirm tlint bodily acts wore tilings inuutereut, auu tuut a man mignt preserve his spiritual purity while wallowing in tho worst vices. On the other hand, it produced a hatred of everything connected With tlio body, and ended in the most rigorous asceticism. Its effect on the Christian view' of mar riage was deep and most disastrous. In their admiration for gnostic asceticism, men liko Tertullion strovo to combino mi aliownucc of marriage as something lawful, but inferior, with a fanatical admiration of celibacy which passed all bounds of reason. Tho error as ivas but na tural, quickly spread. In the works of Basil and Chrysostum the worship of celibacy lias passed into an almost unreasoning fanaticism ; ami what it is most important to observe, it is based everywhere, though unconsciously to tlio saintly writers— upon till) gnostic view of the fundamental impurity of everything bodily. The church was nursing a viper in her bosom, and wlien it was warmed, It lifted its horrid head aud stung her well nigh to death. The effects of this asceticism wore two-fold. Through its low heathen view of marriage it drew everything that woe best and holiest into the secluded life of celibacy; nnd those trying to satisfy tho heart of man made for sympathy, nnd tho pure domestic affections, with solitary Visions, it produced at length that prurioncy of feeling and falling orer into forbiddon lusts and practices, it is painted in colore so sombre, und with an an guish so deep, by the wonderful brush of St. Ohrysostom. Secondly, by iinprisoniug, one may almost say by entombing, all that was spiritually lovely and inffuential In tlie cloister, it left the peat mass of humanity with a sense of its own inferiority and a suspicion that even its holiest nfl'ectiohs were uncletui, to sink deoper and deeper into the mire of an unblessed sensuality. In reading over again, with reference to this sub ject, the picture drawn by Salvian of tho moral condition of tho church ami tho world in tho fifth century, when this system wns bearing its ripened fruit, I experienced a shock of horror which, I should have thought, a former acquaint ance with it would have made impossible. But who can read, even for the fiftieth time, of a atatoof Christendom in which " every Christian assembly had become a sink of vices," where "you will barely find one who is not guilty of all tho worst erimes that can stain our humanity where there is hardly a nch man who 13 not ciiurgeable with both the sins of murder nnd adultery, where, in slaughtering and debauching thoir slaves, they recognise it as a right, not a crime where tho awful desolations of the bar barian invasions did but produce blasphemy and worse immorality, if worse could bo ; where the vices of a degraded and debased Christendom awoke the open scorn and almost incredulous amazement of tlie pagan conquerers ? Who can survey such a picture as this, drawn by a man of the highest character, writing of what he has seen, and shuddering to tell his tule, with out feeling that this horriblo gnostic contempt for tho body and tho sauctitics of tho homo was an emanation from the pit of darkness itself? Not in vain slmll I have drawn this picture, nnd called attention to this error, if it warn some among us of tho danger of tamper ing- with that most sacred of Christian institu tions and most lovely of Christian ideais-'-tho joining together of two redeemed souls in the bands of Christian marriage. Never does St. Paul hint even at any contempt for the body. The body with him is holy : it is nothing less than the temple of the Holy Ghost, the germ of a new birth, in which it shall no longer bo corrupt and natural, hut spiritual and immortal, crowned with the glory of Christ. Resist then, I beseech you, every effort to dim tho lustre of this glorious ideal, treat tho suggestion of temporary"' ties, or of easier methods of divorce, as they deserve, and bo ever oil your guard against tlio specious fallacy that celibacy is better than marriage, or that there is anything holier on earth than the Christian home. Remember, above all (aud 1 deliver it as n grave aiid solemn warning to this community) that what ootiio peoplo are seeking to tamper with in the name of a bastard socialism, is a precious moral habitude of parity of exceedingly slow growth, hard to form and easy to I03C, which once lost, moreover can only bo required by generations of painful restraint, compelled by social catastrophe. You may doatroy the oak of a hundred summers in an hour, but it will require 100 years to roplaco it. 