FiEMlMGTON TnAlHHIS NOTES- By Asmodeuh. The ever restlesi wing of time Iras brought with it another touting campaign, and in viow oE tho approaching annual meeting of tho V.It.O. I havo onco inoro been ilirectod to tenant my accustomed " point of observation" at Fleming- ton on behalf of The LeivJev readers. As is woll kuown lo those who havo a knowledge of tho peculiarities indispensable to a thorough tooting ordeal at tlio headquarters of tho Australian turf, the uudortuking is not one upon which to embark with unmixed feelings of pleasure. The incon veniences and hardships la which your vigilant tout aro amenable aro too apparent, and cxcopt to those to whom it comc3 as a labor of true lovo, a four wcclcs' rcconnoitro of tlio training tracks 5s anything but a period of 4 beer and skittlc3." In. the first placo u early lo bed and early to ri30 " Is. the firat regulation that inu3t bo strictly und stringently observe!, otherwise (outing becomes a farce. Kccondly thcro is no re laxation, from duty; attendance' on tho ground requires to bo continuous lo bo effective, even something akin to nocturnal gallop > being nothing uncommon nowadays— MaU'a Melbourne Cup trial to wit. Parting company with one's wann blankets on cold mornings, such a3 those expo, ricuccd during tho past week, is by no means tho least arduous of the tout's daily dutie3, His presence on the "classical" fiat cntaib other nnd more formidable troubles. At tho out- sot be has to make himself thoroughly ac quainted with tho hundred and odd nags (now on tho daily increase) who are habitual visitors to the ground, and if ho ho a newspaper tout, ho. must bo careful nt tho outset that some of tho coynosccnli do not palm ofT upon him, fifty, Supple Jack for the Tho Barb, Bo3wortU for Gohlsbrough, "Warlock for Kecundua, or tho Maribyrnong Plato favoriLo for Grand Ha- neur. However, wo must givo the aver- ago newspaper representative credit for possessing sufiiciont discrimination to ovado troachci'ous trap3 of tho doscription men- tiouod, though there are on rocord well pre- florvci inslancos in which thoy they havo been villanously "had;" instances In which tho ghosts of do:id horacs havo been mado to accompany certain live 'uns in their morning constitutionals; whoro two-yeor-olds havo taken part in Mel bourne Cup gallops, and where woll known stud colobritics have been mado to imaginariiy reap pear on tho training track. Tho existing nchool of touts aro doubtless too wqU- cducutod to. Jheir ' business to bo misled to such u- ridicalone extent, still thoy havo numerous diflicuUics of varied character to contend with in their endeavors to render a truo and reliable ac count of tlio actual work transacted daily. Thoro aro , so many different tracks simultaneously occupied by. horses, clothed aud unclothed, that ncu.lo observation is necessary, and now that the posts on tho trainine courao proper havo been altered, tho task of calculating the dis- tancos traversed is surrounded with fresh embarrassments. Then, again, unles3 ono ishn constant Attendance to watch everything that goes on, ono isplucod in a most awkward p03i- tion for ascertaining the desired information of some more unusually important gallop that may have tnkon place, porhaps during a brief adjourn ment for breakfast at Hostess Mitchell's, whom exertions on behalf of touts and trainers is perhaps tho moat ptcasurablo featuro in connection with tho periodical campaigns on the Saltwater Flat. Tho ltacccourso Hotel breakfasts arc quite an institution in connection therewith. Tho introductory qualities of tho "burgout" is only oqualled by tho oxtrcrao deli, cacy of tho time- honored sweetbreads, and rivallod solely by tho oxquisitcly equipped home-fed Berkshire rash«r and tlio nume rous other accessories which have holpod to mako tho hostelry euch an ani mated eight o'clock rendezvous to all whoso business or pleasure bring (hem wUhin tho race- courao environs. "Enough of this," I hear tho more horsey of my readors oxclaim, so I had better at once buckle on tho harness nppondagc3 and Bottle down to tho sterner busino33 which bus directed my footsteps to tho oquino capital Tuesday was tbo occasion of my first visit Olio morning was not judiciously selected for a renewal of tho acquaintanceship with tbo training ground and ito many associa tions, Daylight had been preceded by a couplo of hours' steady rain— welcome onouHi or itself— which rendered the going a trifle sticky. Under tho circumstances tramcrs displayed no inclination to mako an Oftrly commencement, and . it waa some time after tho olook had struck fivo that that usually early bird, Joo Morrison, oloctod to make tho first impression on tho woll Kopt tracks. Matters atmospherical oxorcisod an oaually npathBtic influonco on tlio touts, who put forward a very weak front, many of tho /in'jitm'i Who aro usually soon at thoir posts nt this Bonson of thoyoar borne particularly conspiouous Dy thoir absence. Tho wcathor, howoror. lsa mattor of important 'considonition with tho ma jority of visitors to .Plomington, and nono but tho thorpughly- Boasonod votorana aro'attractod to tho P i licus of tho racopourso-upDn suoh'a'raw, unin. vitiiig morning na that" which awaitod my eM'jrti mirio? Z'nni"S of tho wool;. . Aa may Imvo h6on suuouiatod, thoro waa auito an aluoaoo of "swallow catchinp," slow nnd' tiiclinm work being tho gcucivd 'order observed by the majority of the toains. As previously intimated, tho prozess of " uncarlliiiig the worm" foil to tho lot of Joo Morrison, who led off, cantering tlio junior mem bers of his lonin. Tho Maribyrnong l'lalo can didate Al!atulcr showed himself to ho moro- rest less than tho - generality -.of the King of llio Ilings, nnd did not appear to go through his daily preliminaries with- good taslc. Old Wel lington, a Iriflo on llio light side, though very, gay and fresh withal, uoxt nppoared in company with Tho Czar, who lias boon again taken in hand aftor a long spoil. Tlio last-named lookcil a bit lusty iu his clothing, but be moved with mnrkod liberty, and kopt his placo alongBido Wellington for two useful rounds ot tlio outer circle, llio paco being incroascd to tliroo-riuartors pressure during tho latter half of tho journey. Truinpolor, look ing as well nnd as much inclined to "star-gazo " n3 ever, was restricted to a long cantor, supplo- incntcd witli a brush homo along tho strclcli lo the far boxes. The remainder of Morrison's string worked in moderation. Mi. Crook, who lias a numerous and formidahlo toara under his super vision, next assumed possession of the sand and tan tracks, llio heaviest part of tlio programme being allotted to Chatterer, ltiverton, Kautiiiis and Attache. Tho first-named, looking decidedly on the big side, struck out witli his customary freedom on tho tan, and finished up a really good go iu company with Attnohd. ltiverton bounded along with ogual liberty ovor the samo ground, and dins lost nono of his characteristic relish for fast work. Tlio whilom stablo companions Mercury and Holla-, drum, who havo been treated to a prolonged rest, performed a couplo of useful turns on tho tan.- Both aro considerably improved in appearance, nnd should Savior succeed in putting tiicm through a thorough preparation, thoy will no doubt reudor a crcditablo account of thcmsoivc3 beforo the end of thescason. Mr. Crook's Derby nag Nautihisnextaltractcdattonliononthooutcr track, wiiero ho exorcised unaccompanied, and finished up by striding out determinedly for a mile. lie lias a workmanlike stylo of getting ovor tho ground, but certain of tho professionals did not unite like llio gait in which lie reached homo. After tho "lath anil plaster" accounts circulated concerning Darohin, I was agree ably -surprised to sco tho Dcry -colt fill tlio oyo so much on emerging from, his box in company with his nido-do-cuiup, Torrihlo Billy. Lurlitio's strapping son seemed full of health and vigor, though perhaps a trilio light on tho.uuartcrs, and executed n satisfactory spin of a mile and a half, tlio latter portion of which was negotiated at. an interesting pace, tho big follow drawing away from his associate nt llio finiBli. To all nppoar- nnccs, Darobin is in a fair way of completing a genuine propnration, and should Mr. Dakin ho fortunate in bringing him fit to the pest, his un- doublo 1 pace and weight- carrying capacities aro well calculated to bring him into high esteem oil tlio day. Tho greatly improved Albyn worked loiauroly . alongside Outlaw, prior to Walsho putting in an appoaranco with tho Queens land nuarlotte, Warhawk, Sir Oliver, Ad vent and Lord Clifden. Warhawk retains visible evidence of tho severity of the Hawkes- Imry and Haiulv.-ick campaigns, and ho will re- uuiro to pick up his crumbs smartly to be classed among llio probable winners at the coming V. Ii.O. meeting ; Lord Clifilon was thy only mem ber of the team that was put out of a walk. In company witli Abe Davis's pair, Kespite and Joscphino, ho- took part in wbat proved lo bo ono of llio fastest gallops of tho morning, tlio trio travelling two miles and a half iu all, the last portiou of which was negotiated at a rattling pace. Lord Clifden, in bandages, Logan very gingerly, hut on rubbing off tho soreness, he settled down takingly, anil ciuite pleased tho watchers. Chii'ncy's lot, including Soothsayer, Canary, Bandalbion, Harp of I-lriu and tho steeplechase inaro'Lucy performed uio- derato work, as also dill the separate teams of Messrs. Malion, Moran, Cripps, Prestwick- and Jollctt. Mr..ScIman's lot likewise disposed of ordinary routiuo exercise. Warlock is getting on famously, and hopes arc entertained of Mr. iSolmnn being able to prill "'him through a successful ordeal, in which ease a repetition of his three-year-old form, which caused him to triumph in weight-for-ago contests over such lioiis as Chester, Cap-a- pie, Lockloys, Swivcller and Sussex must not be overlodkcil. ll is to ho hoped tiiat Mr. St-Iman's persevering efforts will result in llio game littlo chcsiuit being at le.ist brought fit anil sound at. tho post for tho Melbourne Cup'.; Abo Davis gnvo Coriolnmts and Sportsman a couplo of miles of it, tho last part fast, 'l'lio former is an improving colt, and goes with more freedom than formerly ; while Sportsman, who is built on very much tho saino lines as Lo'rd Harry, though on a smaller scale, give3 promiao of a useful career over the small sticks. The New Zealand division, undercharge of Goodman, did not make their appearance until an ailvaiicod hour in tho day, when Hilarious stripped for a strong single-handed gallop on tlio tan. lie is a free mover, fairly revelling in his work. Noilhor of tho othor three, Sir Motlrod, Sonintis and Idaliiim, wcro put out of a walk, apd having their shoots on, no opportunity was afforded of critically intor-' viowing.tlicm. Lang's string did not mako thoir appearanco up to noon ; neither did I wait to sob the second strings of Messrs. Selman, Dakin and Crook put in an appearance. Another unpromising morning greeted lliooarly. visitors to Flomington on Wednesday, when tho programme of cvonts was utterly dovoid of any thing bordering on tho scnsntional, thoro being, very few interesting gallops to relieve tho niono- tony of tho proceedings. Darobin, Somims, ltiverton, Nantilus, Despite and Warlock- wcro among the principal perforators of tlio morning. Morrison ngain opened tho ball witli Tlio Czar, who cantered on tlio tan preparatory to indulging in a fust mile with a stablo companion, which' f took to bo Don Quixote. The Czar showed evi dent signs of grossness, and ho requires a lot of beef taken off beforo facing the Hag 011 his merits. .After Wellington hail placed a couplo of strong miles to his credit, tho two Maori cracks Sornnns and Sir Modrcd smldonly emerged from tho bottom sheds. Tho Dorby colt jumpod off somo distance in advance of tho Cup horso, and strided twieo round tlio outer circle in talcing form, Sir Modrcd contenting himself witli a singlo Burvoy only. Very little idea oouhl bo formed of thoir condition as they glided by, but both wcro in great hoart, and performed liko thorough workmen, Sir Modrcd'a beautifully timed, dnisy cutting notion being especially ad mired. After his good work of 'tho previous morning, Hilarious waB indulged with medium cxbrciso on his own account, whilo his stablo- companion Idalium was restricted to walking ox-', crciso, boing In physic. The movomcntsof tho Queenslandors woro of an unimportant character. Sir Olivor anil Advent both created afavorablo - impression on boing stripped for a auiet breather. . Tlio forinor is a niccly-ftirnisbod colt, and moro forward than -tho majority of tho Flomington two-year-olds. . Bclladrura, who is nicety treated at 8 st. 2 lb. for the 1'oor.ik Handicap, at Caulficld, struck out for a fastish mile in company with Mercury, tho ohesnut goink with moro freodom than usual. Darobin,' with' Torrihlo -Billy for an associate, cantered a milo, and. then covorcd tho Dorby distance at a rattling- paco, finishing liko n lion, and placing Billy In- - difficulties at the .finish. Tho performance was it' - vory croditablo ono, nnd though dovoid' of any: "timo" oignificarico, it was favorably criti- 1 oisod ovon by tho colt's previous dotra'etoVa.. : liillilla was apparently sent against the watch for a mite, but tlio adverse wind she encountered along the home stretch spoiled (Ito record. Fiyingp.m, a promising Maribyrnong Water, by Bctbnut Green from Saucepan, next ran .four furlongs in fine form, gelling homo in side ,52 see.,' a splendid performance against such a wind. Tho unreliable ltiverton next attracted attention by his tactics 011 tho tan, where liocoin- -iiionccd by cantering a milo, afterwards increas ing tho paco and finishing up with a sterling spin of nearly two milos. lie hounded along with ciiaraoloristic freedom, and pulled up all well, his suspicious leg showing 110 immediate signs of alarm. Nautilus fairly soltlod My Lord at tlio end of a milo spin, still ho did not fotch ' home liko a slayer, and I very much iiucslion his ability lo livo tho last half mile with tlio good field that may fairly ho oxpocled to put in claims for tho "bluo ribbon." Abo Davis gnvo Corio- laniis, Respite and Sportsman ono mile and n half nt tliroo-riuarler paeo on tlio tan ; after which Mr. Selman stripped his two improving cliesiiuta, Warlock and Wizard, for a couplo of fast miles on tlio same ground, tlio gallop being highly satisfactory. Warlock is no more tho sluggish mover of old, nnd to those, who remember "tho amount of stcol aud whipcord rcauired to send liirn along in his earlier days wero quite surprised at bus treo stylo of going iu work. This was about all tho work dono worth recording. Thursday brought with it a continuanco of the gloomy woafiior oxperiencod on the open ing days, of llio week, nnd a slight fall of rain at early morn somewhat damped the ardor of trainors, the majority of whom rostriclod thoir teams to ordinary routine work. Morrison mado his customary early ap- .pcarance, and began by giving Wellington, Tho Ozar, Don Quixoto, Trumpeter and llio rest of his striug strong work in turn. Mr. Crooko's tot wore next put through thoir facings, ltiverton again doing a strong go .wins, whilo Chatterer and Nautilus also porformcd strong work separately. Somnus went mode rately fast, as did Hilarious, but thoir stablo com panion, Sir Modrcd, was treatod moi 0 leniently. 'Tho other moro interesting work of tho morning ' was porformcd by Soollisayor ( who looks vory gay) Darobin, Warlock, Wizard, Sportsman, Oorio- hmus, ltespito, Josophiuo, Mercury aud Bcila- druiu. Mr. Deakiu's .Maribyrnong candidate, Fryingpan, mot with an accident during the morning, which was fortunately unattended with liny serious results. Tho colt managed to got away from his boy, and whilst making a holt of it lie fell heavily. IIo quickly recovered Hie uso of his logs, and narrowly escaped injury in his endeavors to escape at tho narrow outlet near tlio avonuo. Luckily some persons at tho gatc3 cap tured the runaway beforo ho had a chance ot doing' any furthor mischief.' Friday boing tho off-day of the week at Flomington, tlio proceedings yesterday woro of a very fommonplaoo character. The only gallop worth recording was that performed by the New Zealand trio, Sir Modrcd, Somnus and Hilarious. They completed a vory fast milo and a-half, tlio tiuio for tlio round of the outer circle being 2 min. 35 see., tbo fastest spin of the season. Sir Mo lrod wont particularly well, and seomod lo havo most ih hand at tho finish. Tell Mell and Poliio showed tho next beat gallop of the morniug. Lainond's newly arrived team, consisting of tlio A.J.C!. Derby -winner, Wlieatcar, Zulu, Primroso ami Spinningdale visited llio ground for gentle exer cise. During llio nftoruoon the arrival of tlio Sydney division caused considerable stir ill the neighborhood of Flomington. The teams, which arrived by special train, were tbeao of Messrs. Ivory, Do Mratrc and T. Brown. Ivory brought half-a-dozen horses, including Lord Ilurghley, Surrey, Swoetmcat, I'luto and Master Avonel. Torn Brown was accompanied by a similar num ber, amongst them being Crcswiok, Gamin, Snioaara, Gladys nnd Trump Yobs. Do Meelro's lot uumbcrod nine in all. Waxy, Sardonyx, Gipsy Cooper, Carmen anil othor horses from New South Wales arrived liy a later train. Tho addition of such a 'formidable contingent i3 cal culated to infuso renewed vigor into llio morning doings at Flomington, aijd I hope to be able to furnish a moro interesting budget of news for next week's Lcadtr. 