NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. There is a good opening for quartz miners at Copeland.' Intermural burials are at last strictly prohibited at Newcastle. There are prospects of a good spring in the Wagga district. Presbyterian cliurohes are being erected at Pyrmont, Cooma, and Armidale. The memorial to Bishop O'Quinn will take the form of a Magdalene asylum. More than 5000 b«li-s of the new clip of wool have reached Sydney liy train. . The visit of H.M.S. Miranda to Aolia and Tanna islands baa been successful. Fifty-seven of our railway carriages have been provided with continuous footboards. The railway is proposed to be extended to the Upper Flinders district of Queensland. In April 31,782 persons emigrated from Liverpool to America, and only 13 to Australia. Timber commands high prices in the Sydney market; cedar, pine, and hardwood iu demand. Caterpillars are making great havoc with tbc young grass in many of the paddocks about Yass. Up to August 27 the exports ot the port of Sydney exceeded in value those of last year by over £1,000,000. Interesting experiments have been made by Mr. E. C. Cracknell in connection with the storage of electricity. Edward Trickett is training with Hanlan, at the letter's borne, for his race with Riley on Saratoga Lake next month. The tender of Mr. Thomas M'Beath, of Cootamundra, has been accepted for the additions to the Gundagai Gaol. The Goulburn Football Club have resolved to close the season by a day's athletic sports, to take place on the 1st prox. A Bourke correspondent writes :—" One inch of steady rain now would mean one foot of green grass in a month's time." The N.S.W. Institute of Surveyors proposes that members should, after examination, aflix " M.I.S." to their names. In the Darling district there are two runs which each pass 500,000 sheep through the shearers' hands every year. A branch lodge of the Ancient Order of Druids was opened in Goulburn last week, when about twenty-live members were initiated. A turnip fully 30in. ill circumference has been exhibited to the Mwlgec Locomotive. It was grown a few miles out of Mud gee by a Mr. Butler. A Billiard and Bagatelle Bill was introduced into the Assembly last week. The Licensing Biil now entirely relates to persons who trade in liquor. The Mayor of Sydney has presented a valuable gold cup to the New South Wales Rifle Associa- tion, to be competed for annually at the Intercolonial Match. The Assembly, last week, declined to sanction a proposal that tbc colonics should contribute towards the cost ot maintaining the Australian squadron of the navy, A' gentleman at Hay has offered a free grant of an acre of ground in the township most desirably situated for the residence of the bishop, or for the site for the cathedral. The Chief Inspector of Stock says that in a few years four or five million sheep will be shorn in districts where, a short time ago, there were only a few hundred thousand. Great preparations have been madu for the visit of the Princes to Fiji. A cottage han been built lor them at Levu^a. This looks as if the Fijians meant to keep their Hoyal visitors l'or some time. Trade between Sydney and Noumea is increasing. The India («.) left last week with the largest cargo ever despatched from Sydney to New Caledonia. Williams, the well-known pedestrian, by completing 101 miles without a rest, has eclipsed all previous performances of the long-distance men in Australia. A correspondent advocates the formation of military volunteer companies in any part of the colony where they can be raised. The Defence Commission discourage such a proposal. The Grafton Argus reports the death of a child, on the Lower Clarence, from the effects of vaccination. Another is suffering severely lrom the same caUEe. Mr. J. J. Riley, Mayor of Maitland, has presented a valuable cold medal to be competed for by the Maitland Volunteer Corps, with a view to encourage good shooting. During the first six months of the present year tbc New Zealand Accident Insurance Compiny paid £1344 13s. 4d. as claims under accident insurance policies. Carroll, the superintendent of the quarantine station, Sydney, has been suspended. A Royal Commission has been appointed to inquire into the doings at the quarantine station. A Brisbane correspondent points out that at Stanthorpe a real English winter can be enjoyed. Throughout the past week the thermometer there hasn't ranged above 45° Fahr, in the shade. Mr. W. Jolly, one of tbc best known magistrates in Sydney, died at his residence, Newtown, last week, from cancer. Mr. J. I. Kettle, another well- known Sydney magistrate, is also dead. Mr. J. B. Richards, J.P., who died at Bathurst last week, had been more than 60 years in the colony, having been employed in the Western District as a surveyor before Bathurst had an exist- ence. Hill End has not yielded all its gold yet. A new shaft in the old Eureka claim was bottomed a few days since on a 9-inch reef, from which a bucket of quartz containing 100oz. of gold was taken. Already there is rivalry between the Riverina towns as to which shall be the see of the new Anglican diocese. Bishop Thomas says Hay is the most suitable place; but Deniliquin has begun to fight for the honor. The Art Society of New South Wales has appointed Messrs. G. Collingridge, G. Podmore, E. W. Minchin, and W. C. Piguenit as the Hanging Committee for the Exhibition at the Garden Palace on the 3rd October next It was announced in Mndgee that a party at Hargraves found a lead, from which they obtained about 6lb. gold, in consequence of which they are going to erect an engine. The party have taken up a lease of the ground. It is reported that about 70 head of cattle have died while travelling in the Darling country through over- eatiugapricklybnshgenerally known as the " nettle bush." Cattle eat it iu large and dangerous quantities only when they are very hungry. Thus tbc Cooma. Express:—" The collapsing of the newly-formed company to work the Victoria reef, at fcydra, after the expenditure of about I5d. per man, is another instance of the stick-toit and nil dcsperaivhim qualities of the Cooma A robbery has been reported to the police at Juuce. A party of Mongolians were clearing ground for a squatter, and were paid by a cheque for £300 odd. One of them offered to go and get it cashed at the bank, but he has not been heard of since. A new grand stand is to be erected on the Association Cricket Ground, Sydney, hy February next, which will cost about £8000. It will accommodate 1600 persons, and will be a credit to the colony, as well as a very great convenience to the patroDS of the noble game. Sir Henry Parkes is of opinion that the federation of the empire may be brought about by fair conference between the mother country and its dependencies. The conference would, of course, be held in England, and there would be a nice little trip home for some people at other people's expense. The life of a Sydney detective is not a happy one. An expert in tracking scoundrels has just received a letter, of which this is part :—" May a mother's dreadful curse attend you, and may sleepless nights be your slumber. May bad luck dog you at the heels and the devil keep you company." By the last mail news has arrived the success of another of our colonial youths. Mr. J. Hubert Murray, the son of the late President of the Legislative Council, Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, has succeeded at Magdalen College, Oxford, in gaining a demiship of £95 for five years against eighty competitors. The Inspector of Public Tanks and Wells appears to be a most energetic official—one who is not sparing of mental or physical labor iu the pursuit of his vocation. During 1S80 he travelled 6000 miles and inspected and reported upon 30 works, besides furnishing valuable information regarding droving roads and reserves. The discoveries of iron ores at Mount Pleasant have resulted in the finding of various seams of ironstone, from one to six feet in thickness, at Mount Keira. amounting in the aggregate to fully thirty feet of ironstone strata. These are seen' cropping out in the steep banks of a creek in that locality, all dipping into the mountain. We (Sydney Mail) have much pleasure in reporting a new addition to the already large and excellent llect of the Sydney Amateur Sailing Club, in the shape of a new half-decker, built to the order of Mr. Henry Stevens, the well-known sailing master of the Australian, by Mr. George Ellis, the celebrated builder, of Waterview Bay. In the Assembly the other evening Mr. Watson stated that it was not true that the bridge -over the Murrumbidgee at Wagga Wagga was insecure, and that men were in constant attendance to repair injury done by the traffic, or that other cylinders were to be put down to strengthen the bridge. Our (Herald) Noumea correspondent states that ou the 20th August a boat was stolen, and a report spread that a gang of convicts had escaped. In the course of a few hours one of the Government steamers recaptured the boat about twenty miles from Noumea, on the West Coast There was but one man in her, instead of a supposed gang. Mining affairs at the Old Kiino (reports the Gundagai Times) are looking up. There are about twenty miuers now at work in the claims, and some have a few tons of stone to grass. The crushing machine has been put into thorough good order by Messrs. Harford and Co., and although it was started last Thursday, it has not begun to crush for the public yet Mr. E. G. Cronin, the late superintendent for roads at Bowenl'ele, was, on the eve of his departure for the Hay district, presented with a splendid watch, a purse of sovereigns, andanillumiuated address expressive of the esteem in which he was held by the residents of the district The names of Sir Alfred Stepbeu and other prominent citizens are appended to the document A' biackfellow named Watty Watty, against whom evidence poibted strongly at the inquest to having murdered his gin Mary, whose remains were found on the bank of the river at Bourke on the 7th July lost, has been captured at Brewarrina. He was brought up at the Bourke Police Couit on Saturday, and he made a statement tantamount to a confession of the crime. By a Gazelle notice it appears that the Postmaster- General has introduced the Bystem of impressing onepenny and twonenny stamps ou envelopes supplied by the public for the purpose no fee being charged l'or the stamping beyond the' value of tbc stamps. This will be a great convenience for business people, and the Postmaster- General is to be congratulated for the introduction of the idea. Intelligence has been received from Hay that the MildSra barge, with 500 bales or wool aboard, nagged in the llirrumbidgee on Saturday and sank? The accident took place a Hay, and the vessel is now lying in 6ff. ot water. The wool was insured, and is valued at about £10,000. The Mildura was in tow of the Success steamer, owned by Messrs. Air and Randall, ol E Ou's'aturdav night, August 27 (says the Mount Barter Courier), one of the navvies on the Nairne railway line was arrested at Bridgewater, and lor want of better means of detaining him he was chained to a log. Before morning he bad made himself scarce, log and all, and managed to react his own camp, below the. Summit station, about three miles away, where, with the assistance of some mates, he got rid of his encumbrance. The trustees of Hyde Park, Sydney, having passed a by-law providing for the destruction of goats found in the Park, a correspondent of the Herald states that he saw two goats taken to an enclosure, and then describes how four men proceeded to destroy them :—They dug a small hole, and then battered and chopped out the animal s brains with a shovel; and the writer adds that the bleating6 of the poor animals are still ringing in his ears 1 The Tcmora Herald says :—Mr. W. F. Pratt, the puddler, made a smart trip into Cootamundia last week. Mr. Pratt was riding a whip horse, and lor a trilling bet rode into Cootamundra in three and a quarter hours. The time was gauged by telegram, and the start being from the lower town would make the distance about 38 miles. This is a rather remarkable performance for a draught horse, when it is remembered that it occurred the day after the rain. A well- known sheep-classer, named Benjamin Dowling, died in the Wagga hospital on the 3rd inst., from the effects of apoplexy. He had been much addicted to intemperance for a long time previous to his death. He belonged to an ancient and aristocratic family residing near Colchester, county Essex, England. In addition to the rate of wages Dowling could always earn, he was in receipt of £1200 per annum, 'which now goes to other members of his family. By the City of Adelaide, from Melbourne, two very aristocratic bulls arrived at Sydney a few days since. One, from the herd of Mr. C. B. Fisher, is an especially fine specimen of the bonne race, whilst the other is a good representative of the herd of Messrs. Robertson Brothers, of Colac. These bulls have been purchased by Messrs. Fanning, Griffiths, and Co., of Wooroowoolgen, Casino, for the improvement of their already fine herd. Mr. White, of the telegraph office, Goulburn, informs the Southern Argus that on Monday week he received from a iriend in Sydney three young iigeons, with a request tint they should be re- next morning, iu order to test their speed. feased Accordingly, on Tuesday morning, Mr. White released the birds at one minute past 9 o'clock, and two of tbem reached their home iu Sydney at 55 minutes past noon. The other pigeon did not turn up, and he fears that it was shot by some " sportsman." We understand that an action at law of a somewhat peculiar nature is shortly to be instituted against the Government It is said that a gentleman who some years ago received an appointment in the Railway Survey Branch of the Public Works Department, but whose services have not been either availed of or officially dispensed with, and who has not received his salary, now intends suing for arrears of pay, amounting to a considerable sum. A writ for the amount of £5000 has been issued. We (Herald) have been favored with a specimen ot the artistic manner ill which silk may be woven so as to present an interesting picture. It is the production of Thomas Stevens, of Coventry, the inventor, and represents in colors the first train built by Geoige Stephenson, in 1825, travelling amidst English scencry. Excellent perspectives have been preserved, and the train has been made to stand out iu bold relief, while the complicated mechanical superstructure of the engine has been made remarkably distinct On Sunday night, the 4th inst, (says the Daily Telegraph), the office of the Illtmarra Mercury was broken into by burglars. Thethiefor thieves having discovered the cashbox in a drawer, wrenched it open with some instrument, and took away therefrom about £12 or £13, consisting ol' notes, gold, silver, and copper. Although the street in which the office is Bituated was lull of people at the time of the robbery, the burglar actually used a light, which was noticed in the office by several persons. The Rev. James Coutts, of Newcastle, who originated the project of building the Sailors' Home at that port, aud who promise! a sum of £1000 towards the fund on condition that the committee raised £2000 more, has now resolved to place the sum promised in the bands of the present committee, allowing them sole control, the only condition being that the money shall be returned to him in the event of the committee not raising £1000 more, instead of £2000, as formerly stipulated. The committee already have upwards of £400 of the sum required in hand. The foltowing circular has been issued :—" It is hereby notified, lor general information, that a temporary camp, provided with floored tents and other conveniences, has been formed at a site between Little Bay and Long Bay, where it is proposed to receive and maintain for a time, at the public cost, persons presumably healthy who may desire to be removed from overcrowded houses from which persons have been taken who are infected with the small-pox, with a view to the more complete disinfection of such houses, and to prevent the further spread of the disease." In several of the Australian colonies whose agricultural returns have been published for the last season, the wheat harvest appears to have been greatly below the average. In New South Wales the yield was equal to 14-687 bushels to the acre ; in Victoiia, to 9-951 ; busliels; in South Australia, to only4-965; and in Tasmania, to 15 bushels. Only for Now South Wales was' that an average yield, and in Victoria it was' below the average of the previous seven years by 2i bushels, in South Australia by 3| bushels, or nearly one-half, and in Tasmania by 3 bushels 1 or one-sixth. The lady passengers at a station not very far from Mr. Dacey's hotel and the big mill got a fright (says the Cootamundra. Herald) the other night A person representing himself as a porter did the round of the carriages Tvith the customary porter's cry, and poking his head into each carriage as he went along. He was disgusted at the effect. One lady fainted, imagining herself to be "stuck up" and mistaking the porter for Ned Kelly's ghost, though he looked more like a Red Indian from the war- path. The explanation is that the said porter whilst asleep had his face raddled by some larrikins. The Fiji Argus states that Mr. Jones, of the Bank of New Zealand, met with a severe accident on the 25th August The accident was caused by one of the hawsers parting arid swinging across the deck, when, coming in contact with that gentleman, it knocked him down,inflicting injuries which rendered him insensible for some time afterwards. Mr. Jones was afterwards removed to the Bank of New Zealand, of which he is an official, where he remains in a very precarious s:ate. It was found that his head was badly cut and bruised, and it is feared that the spiue is also injured, as the lower limbs are paralysed. The will of the deceased prelate, BishopO'Quinn of Brisbane, is published in the Courier. He gives his personal property and effects in Queensland, including his library, to his brother, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, and Dr. Murray, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Maitland, to be held in trust for his successor in the diocese of Brisbane, to be handed down by him to his successor, aud so on. All his real estate is to he used for the purposes of a benevolent asylum, by which term is meant" all charitable and educational objects, except the building and maintenance of churches and the support of clergymen," In referring to the progress which the colony of Tasmania is making, a barrister ia Hobart writes to a friend in Sydney as follows :—" Mining is all the rage here just now, in fact people have very little time lor attending to anything eUe. Almost every one is in for it, and it is the all-absorbing topic of conversation wherever one goes. Every day prospecting associations are being formed, the operations of the majority of which are to be carried on at the West Coast. The Government have had a skilled man, Mr. Thureau, to report on the mineral resources of the West Coast, and bis report was to the effect that it was most wealthy." Oar readers will remember (says the Gmilbum Post) that a few weeks ago we reported a number of cases that Mr. Milner Stephen professed to deal with, one of which was a young man named O'Brien, from Collector, who had been suffering for some time past from general paralysis, and was completely helpless. It is evident that no good resulted from the " laying on of hands" bv Mr. Stephen to this patient, for he has been admitted to the hospital, and so helpless is he that at the time of our visit the matron was engaged in feeding him with a spoon, for which the unfortunate young man appeared to be very grateful. The following is a very mild example of how quarantine affairs are managed in Sydney. A man aud his wife occupied tbc same house in which were also living a lodger and his wife. During the temporary absence from home ol the proprietor, the lodger's wife took small-pox, and was at once hurried off to the quarantine station ; the red flig being hoisted over the premises she was taken from, and in which there were still left the proprietor's wife and the lodger. Oa the return of the proprietor he was refused admittance to his home, and for eight weeks the only occupants of the house were the lodger and the proprietor's wife, ingress or egress by others being religiously refused. The Australian Diamond DrillCompany(which is amalgamated with the American Diamond Drill Company) is putting down drills in several parts of the colony. At present they have a drill down 240 feet at Temora, trying for water; one at Jervis Bay, 750 feet, for coal; one at Gosford, 550 feet, for coal; and two at Hexham, ou the north-east side of the Hunter River, for coal, one being down 410 feet, and the other 110 feet. There was one at Port Hacking, trying for coal, but the company have suspended operations there, and have taken the drill to the Goulburn district to bore for coal. At Gosford a seam of coal, said to be from 4 feet G inches to 5 feet in thickness, has been passed through. At the meeting of the New South Wales Horticultural Society last week, a paper on vine culture was read. It was suggested that it might prove profitable if more attention were paid to cultivating vines in hothouses, and reference was made to the fact that in London hothouse-grown grapes sometimes letched as much as 15s. per pound. It was considered by some that, as it was possible under the present mode of cultivation to get grapes from the various colonies during several months in the year, the proposed experiment would not prove a success. One member said, " I am doubtful whether the public trill pay 15s. a pound for grapes if yon force them." Another member remarked," Ton will have to 1 force* the public to cause them to do so." Experiments are now being made in the Electric Telegraph Department with the object of introducing in our railway trains an effective method of communication between passengers and the engine-driver. The plan adopted will probably be the following:—A small battery, to which an alarm bell will be attached, will be fixed upon the engine, and communication with the battery from the various carriages and compartments of carriages will be secured by means of wins, which on being touched in a certain way will instantly give the alarm. This touching of the.wires will be managed by means of.something in the form ol' a button, which will be inside each carriage compartment, protected by a glass cover, and all the passenger wishing to give an alarm will require to do will be to unscrew the glass cover and press the button. A return of-the number of persons maimed and killed by Government tramways, and the amount of compensation paid in each case from the 28th September, 1879, to the 10th August, 1881, was recently laid on the table of the House, in pursuance of an order made by the Assembly dated I9lh July, 1881. During the 23 months eight persons have been killed and' 11 injured. The list of'killed 18 "as follows :—Jolin Fitzpatrick, servant of.lthe.Department; Richard Richatdson, Wm. Davies, Simeon Emery, Martin Fahey, Thomas Culleton,. the Hon. George Oakes, and Samuel Schumacker, none of whom were passengers in the cars, the fatalities having occurred on the line. Three servants of the Department were injured, four passengers, and four persons who were not passengers. The only compensation paid was in the case of P. Mahoney, who received att award of £250 by a jury in the Supreme Court for being thrown off a cab which collided with a motor. Mrs. Moore's claim for bruises about the head received in a collision has been sent in, but is not yet settled. The following shocking occurrence is related by the Armidale correspondent of the Tamworth News:—" A man and a woman with a small family of children, who were travelling in a covered dray, encamped recently near a station. The man came to the station to purchase some rations, and informed the superintendent that his wife was very ill. Three days after the superintendent visited the camp of the wanderers for the purpose of inquiring as to the sick woman's welfare ; but to nis surprise could fee no one near the dray save a little girl nursing an infant, from whom he asked her father's whereabouts. The child anBwered,' Oh, father is over theie'—pointing with her linger—'burying a woman' PJOceeding a few yards in the direction indicated, he came upon the man filling in a newly made grave, and aBked him what he was doing. my ' wife,' replied the traveller. Burying 1 1 Do you know you are doing wrong ?' queried the superintendent. ' No—am I V replied the man. And so the interment was completed ; and so the matter remains at present. No inquest was held on the remainB of the unfortunate woman thus hurriedly hidden in earth with as little ceremony and as unconcernedly as one would bury a dog." An intercolonial billiard match was played at Perkins' Exchange Hotel, Sydney, between Byrne, of Melbourne, and James, ol Sydney, on the 9th inst. The play commenced at half-past 8 o'clock p.m. by. Byrne going off with the lead. He secured his first 100 by the time James had scored 47, aud his second when James was at 140. The Sydney man then 'came up, and at 240 caught Byrne. A number of small breaks brought the scores to 394 for James, and 402 for Byrne, when a brief adjournment took place. On resuming, liyrne went ahead again, and by one or two pretty breaks reached 500, James being 50 points behind. No large breaks were made until Byrne reached 600, which he did when James was 525. When 630 was called the Victorian representative wis -exactly 100 ahead of his opponent. By a couple of good all-round breaks of 45 and 37, and several 'smaller ones, James icached 700, with Byrne at 681; Another brief recess was then taken;; iJames failed to add to. his score on resuming flay, and Byrne ran up a break of 59, including-18 spot strokes, the best of the evening. From that time to the finish he had it all his own way, making breaks of 29, 40, aud 33. The match was finished at a quarter to 1 a.m., Byrne being the winner by 122 points. The play was only middling throughout. About 200 persons were present 