THE O'MAHONY., CHIEF OP THE COMEEAGHS. ;?- CHAPTER VI. I^UNAND FROLIC IN THE OLD FARM-HOUSE — SHAUN-NA-COPPEL's ADVENTURES — 'THAT '- 'WAS THE ONLY REAL BIT OF DIVAR3HUN I HAD SINCE I LEFT IRELAND.' (Continued.) ' ' Yis, your honour,' said Tom, ' you're right enuff . I'm shmelling it menelf all the way, an' I'm afraid I'll take it too, your honour, but God's will be done. Shure, poor people must help one another. ' ' What are you raving about, you idiot ?' exclaimed the gauger as he ran up and pulled the sheet from my face. ' I'm not over good-lookin', as I said, at the best of times, but I put sich a face on my self and gave sich a groan of pain an anguish that Crosby dropped the sheet and reeled back. ' ' Is that the phriest or doothev, Tom P' I muttered. 'Och! iv I could only get the phriest before I'd die!' ' ' Might you be a docthor P' asked Tom in a most humble manner of Crosby ; ' bekase you may know more than our ould docthor, who said he would not live to go to the hos pital ; an' what will his poor wife and the bairns do P' ' ' ' What the deuce is the matter with him P1 shouted Crosby. ' ' Not much your honour ; but sure a heap of people have died around our place with it this year.' gk,' ' What has he, my man P' ' ' Only the spotted fever, your honour.' ''Spotted fever!' shrieked Crosby, as he and his party started up the road, ' Good Lord ! I hope we haven't got it.' ' So, your honour, we went our way in peace, and I got a handsome penny for my potteen.' 'That was a capital trick,' eaid The U Mahony. Juo you thinJc did he ever hnd out how you out-witted him ?' 'I think not, your honour, for I soon got him removed. You see we could not make an honest pinny wid him at all, so I made up my mind to hunt him out of the place.' ' You did ! How did you do it P' 'I'll tell your honour. You must know that the fellow wasn't too honest, after all, and Ned Casey used to sind him money and whiskey, and he used to close his eyes whin he met him wid his load/of potteen, nor could he ever make out his still. ' I knew this well, and after putting my whiskey in the waggon I jogged off to Lis more. I knew it was the gauger's day to be out, so I was sure to met him. I had not gone far when I met himself and a couple of flintlemen riding towards me. When they came up Crosby asked: 'What have you got there ?' ''Musha, a little dhrop of whisky,' I replied. ' ' That's candid, anyway,' said one of the gintlemen. B \' ' Crosby has an easy seizure this time, Hewetson,' replied the other as they crowded around me. ' ' Well, whore are you going with it P' shouted the gauger. ?'' ' Shure, I'm carrying it to a gintleman wid my master's compliments.' ''Ha!1 shouted Crosby. 'Who is the gintleman P' ' ' A Misthor Crosby, your honour, that, liven in Lismore.' ' ' Crosby ! ' muttered tho other. ' Do you mean me, air i' I'm Mr. Crosby, the excise oflicor.' ' ' Begor, I believe you are the man, sir. Shure, Mr. Casey told mo — ' ' ' Stop, that will do, Go your vray, my good man, and deliver it to my wifo, and tell tell her that tho Rev. Mr. Hewetson and a jcevr friends will dine with me this evening.' 'fBut how do know you are the right person, your honour P' ' ' You dunderhead, here is a. crown-piece for you, and here is tho key of the cellar, and tell hor to put this along wid the other keg.' ' ' I'll do it, an' long life to your honour !' I exclaimed as I drove away. ' When I reached Lismore I drove up to the gauger's house and asked for his wife. She came out and I said to her : ' Mrs. Crosby, a friend is sinding a little present to the Rev. Mr. Hewetson, and I met Mr. Crosby on the road an' he handed me the koy of the cellar, an' says to me, ' Give her this, an' tell her to give you the keg of whiskey in the cellar to carry wid you to the gintleman.' Be tho same token, ma'am, Mr. Hewetson waa wid him.' ' Mrs. Crosby opened the cellar and I soon had the keg in the cart with the others, and then drove around a back lane to Mr. Hindi's yard.' ' Capital ! capital !' shouted O 'Mahony. 'What did he do when he discovered the toick played on him P' ' Begor, your honour, when he came home that night, after dinner he asked his wife to tap one of the kegs the man had left that day, until they'd thry the new whiskey. ' ' He left none here,' she replied, ' but took away the one in the cellar, stating that you ordered him to carry it to Mr. Hewetson's.' 'He saw he was sold. The laugh was against him. The story soon spread abroad, and he got himself removed toFcrmoy.' Shaun's stories were greeted with shouts of laughter, in which Mr. O 'Mahony heartily joined, and it was far in the night before the party retired to rest. nTTAPTTCT?. inr. love's young dream — ?sun wild goose at HOME — LOVE AND PATRIOTISM COMBINED. The home of the 6'Mahonys was most picturesquely situated, overlooking as it did a deep stretch of beautiful country and a richly-diveroified landscape. Sheltered from the northern breeze by the long, serried ridge of mountains that separates the coun ties of Waterford and Tipperary from Cork, its southern aspect, combined with the fertile and wooded nature of the country around, rendered it a pleasant and agreeable residence. The house itself was old, but still retained in its age a venerable and re spectable appearance. An old house sometimes reminas one or an old man — though tottering with decay there is something so venerable about it that we almost love and reverence it. We people it with the light hearts and gay spirits of our younger days, that rendered it so happy and so musical with the silvery laughter of lov ing hearts, full of the electric fire and delusive hopes of life's young dream. An old family mansion, that has cradled and shel tered generation after generation of the same stock, should be held almost as sacred as the tomb that contains their bones. Every nook and corner about it is hallowed with some sacred recollection or traditional story of those who have lived and departed. If the crumbling walls only contain a few old paintings of grim warriors or courtly beauties they add lustre to the family history ; and if a ghost or, better still, a banshee forewarns the approach of the dread monitor to any member of the fnmilv. no oun,rterin£ra on the escutcheon of ,_ , „ „_ — ^ 7 ? _^ ? _ — ^ __ ? _ ____-._ ? an Irish family could be half as strong cre dentials of its antiquity and respectability. The O'Mahony mansion was a strangely built, two-story, rambling kind of place. The gable-ends towered high over the thatched roof. A large, wide hall divided the house into two parts. On one side of this hall was the parlour, while on the other was an im mense room, which in the more opulent days of the family was used as a dining-room both for the chief, his family, and retainers, but had been modernized into a drawing-room and two bed-rooms. At the end of the hall was the kitchen, which was also a spacious, old-fashioned concern. The upper floor was divided into pleasant sleeping-rooms. In the comfortable old parlour a pleasant fire of peat and wood burned and sparkled brightly, for the chill of the autumn evenmgo rendered a cheerful fire an agreeable addition to domes tic comfort. In an easy arm-chair beside the fire sat The O'Mahony himself. Though he was of almost gigantic proportions, there was some thing kind and amiable in his expression and manner. He was surrounded by his family. His wifo, who had been an invalid for some time, sat beside him reclining back on cushions, while his two daughters sat near the table reading. His three sons, also, who had grown up to bo fine young men, sat around the fire. Hugh, tho eldost, possessed immense bone and muscle, and, if one were to j udgo by the open, frank expression of his oye and candid manner, ho, too, had much of the daring im potuonity of his father. Owen, the socond son, was a young man of elegant appearance and refined manners. He had not only ro ceived a clandestine classical education, but had aleio spent two yearn at college in Franco, preparing for tho prioothood. Ho had lately como homo, and was, of courno, treated with movo than ordinary respect, not only by tho members of his own family, but also by tho peasantry of the neighbourhood. Tho young est son, John, who wan called after his father, wao a dreamy youth, tall, graceful, and of a rather taciturn, melancholy disposi tion. Such was tho group collected around that bright fire on the evening alluded to. There was no candle, for tho glow of the fire threw a sombre light around the apartment, and the pale lustre of the full moon floated through the open window, giving a dreamy air to tho place, which was heightened considerably by some old pictures of ancestral chieftains, who seemed to look down complacently upon the family circle. The O'Mahony sat silent' and absorbed in meditation, while the student entertained the others with his travels and adventures on the continent. His sisters questioned him closely about French balls, dresses, and the like, whilo the father and brothers would fain have him talk all night about Napoleon and his grand army. When the young student spoke about the re views he had seen, tho great battles he had heard and read so much about, and of which he had accounts from the survivors them selves, his frame would dilate, his eyes sparkle, and his whole soul indicate that tho military pride of his family vrac struggling hard in rebellion against the peaceful nature of the sacred profession for which ho was preparing. (To be continued.) 