Death of Ouida. A TELEGRAM, the accuracy of which, though impugned by some, there seems no reason to doubt, has announced tons the death of one of the best known and most eccentric writers of English fiction. The writings of Ouida are familiar with everyone that reads anything of current literature, and the judgment passed on them is as varied as the subjects treated. By some Mdlle.de la Bamee, for such is the lady's real name, is regarded as the quintessence of all that is infamous, a Zola in petticoats, a female Paul de Knock, with a dash of the Marquis de Saade. By others she is considered a mere word painter, a perennial spring of of fine phrases and voluptuous imagin ings, responsible for an infinite quantity of gosh but powerless to harm because of her real ignorance of the dissolute in life. By a third party—and I am not sure but that their opinion is not the jnstest—she is held to be a woman? of sensibility, very rash and very unconven tional, whose extravagant pictures of impossible heroes and preposterous poets are set side by side with the most eloquently worded descriptions of nature; and whose unpleasant portraiture of the sbamefol side of civilized life is more than half atoned for by herevident disgust at grossness, and her strong sympatb" for the weak, the suffering, the poor. The customary scandal concerning the woman who dares to live her own life has been circulated about Mdlle de la Ramee. " Society" journals have depicted her as a masculine brusque and ill-bred, woman while the amiable anoymas who such periodicals have hinted at a" strange secret history " which they could relate did it so please them. It may be accepted as an axiom, that ont of every ten stories told by men about women nine are lies, and I shall not repeat here all the pregoant scandals which can be read in the columes of journals of European circulation. All that Mdlle. de la Bamt-e chose to be known cohceriog her life is that she is the daughter of a French gentleman, has lived much abroad, likes dogs and horses, and prefers Bohemia to the land of the Philistines. For the rest, her books, written under the defiant sig nature of Ouida, or " Yes! indeed" must speak. I think that Oudia's name first appeared in the United Service Maga zine, but she soon became popular. Major Lawrence's school of muscular' quietists was in at the time. Guy Living, stone with his six feet of magnificence and Boyston Keene, the "cool captain," who passed his life in one long straggle with his constitution, had replaced the more temperate friends of Major Whyte- Melville in public favour. Bat if the Dick Tressilians and Lionel Branepetbs of Major Lawerence were exaggerations of tbe Digby Grande and Honorable Crashers of the author of tbo Lady and the Locosts, they were as moonlight unto sunlight, and as water unto wine, compared with Cecil Castlemaines, the "Beauties of the Brigades," and the BEAUX SABRETURS of Ouida's gallery. The reckless half savage life of the Bo hemian ' hers—driving fine - horses, laughing with clever men,, .reaping notoriety, spending money, being miser able—what more could a Bohemian desire? And the wild note of the wild bird that never stoops to wrist is hushed at last. Its note- ran clear to the end, but how much beauty has it left unsung! The tranquil homes of the , Italian peasants were visited by that wild bird, bnt it never perched on an English, home stead and sang the sweet delight of peace which dwells on English ground. It is not for us to judge the song too harshly. Never, surely feels a man so mean as when, with ready quill, he site down to write out his little portion of compre hension of the ghost of some dead thing, which in life was a power and * name. 1 We are so willing, we journalists to earn a few pence, even if we get them by swathing a mummy. Wordsworth has something about a man willing to Peep and botanise Above his mother's grave. And yet he did not know the modern journalist. Poor Ouida! She is dead, and has paid all debts. Much that is foolish, mncb that is extravagant, little that is mean or cowardly, is buried in her grave. Let critics write of her what they will, they cannot at least refuse one of her works a place among the most, notable of the time she UtedL in, and for her mingled moods of merriment and grief she may take to herself Swinburne's epitaph' upon the sweetest singer of old France, Villon, —our sad, bad, mad, glad brother's name. MARCUS CLARKE, in the Leader 