/ i : MELBOURNE. ; i (from our 'own' correspondent.) . . ' Saturday evening. Is a phosphorescent rabbit an agreeable object on the supper table 1 , This question ans wers to a considerable extent' the vatioinations which have bqep indulged in with respedt to tbe possi- biUty.af . the people taking to pbosphorised - rab bit. as an article of diet. As a matter, of fact rabbits' wliioh die of that poison are so blown out and their skins so distended that not even the poorest /housekeeper would purchase/ them. Again, the districts in which poisoning 'will be most wholesale will be those which never contri bute a rabbit to the principal towns, and when they deqtroy them . do so only for the sake of the skins. So the sqare about the possibility of thje meat/preserving companies using poisoned rab bits — which, by the way, hasjalready proved pre judicial to- them— and the dread of householders may be allowed to die out. - People who can't differentiate the corpse of a phosphorised frorii that of a healthy rabbit should be shut up iii their burrows. But I am not so sure about the effect of - rriiltions of bodies of decomposed bunnies on the atmosphere. True, phosphorus .corrodes quickly, and prevents effluvium', 'but the medical profession and the chemists ought ;to tells us if danger from this cause will arise. There iB to be another alteration in the day of ' the departure of the P. & O. Company's mail steamers from Melbourne. Some time since the company applied to the Postal authorities to be allowed to alter the hour and date of sailing from here. , The steamerB for the last few weeks i have left on Wednesdays at one o'clock, but the oorapany's superintendent asked that a change to Monday at eleven o'olook might be made. The matter has been lying in abeyance, but a letter ;has now been received from the Imperial Postal .authorities through tlio Chief Secretary's depart ment, stating that between the months of April and September the homo steamer would require to leave Gaile for Aden two days in advance of Scontraot timo, in consequence of the prevalence 'of the south-weBt monsoons. 1'his would in volve the departure of the Melbourne steamer on Mondays instead of Wednesdays, and Berious in convenience to the meroantile public. It would also considerably interfere with the Saturday half-holiday enjoyed by the postal employes, be sides compolling them to work on the preceding Sunday. Under tho ciroumstances the Poat- maator-General, Mr Langridge, considers that tho change could not well be made, but as tho Home Govornm'ent pays a very much larger sum towards the maintenance of tho service to wliioh ours is hooked on, ho has offered to alter tho date of departure to Tuesday. This offer has to day been cablod to the Imperial authorities, and a reply is expected in a day or bo. Tho Board appointed to inquire into aud report on tho best means of providing the oity with a supply of puro wator hold a sitting to-day. They were principally employed in preparing a draft report on the question, which will probably he submitted to Parliament on Tuesday or Wednes day noxt. In the moantime the Commissioner of Public Works intends to purchase the land at the inlet of tlio Yan Yean lake, fencing in the Whittlesea town common, and making other im provements. : Query. — Why is a note of interrogation, like tho ghost in '! Hamlet ?"— Because it " comes'in suoh a question-able shape." 