UP IS THE CLOUD KING; OR, THE AIR, AND DOWN IN THE SEA. CHAPTER XX.—(Continued). BY W. STEPHENS HAYWABD, AUTHOR OF ' THE BLACK ANGEL," &C.; Although there was a stiff breeze blowing, .. j felt none of the effects of it as wo wore borno along, aud the heat began to get quite oppressive. In order to obviate this as much as possible, I rigged an awning over the house aud platform. Of course, had I so chosen, I could have got any amount of coldness by ascending to the higher regions ; but this was not my wish, as 1 preferred to keep near the surface of the sea. I employed the afternoon and evening iu clearing away, and examining the lifeboat; for it was highly probable we should ultimately be forced to abandon the balloon aud take to it. Hitherto we had not seen a single sail; nor, oil consideration, did I wonder thereat, for we were not near the track of either outward or homeward bound ships. I now seriously began to contemplate our position and prospects. I had ascertained that we were being swept by the current of air rapidly to the south; but I knew that a time would soon come when our course would be arrested; that we should reach the region of perpetual calms, tremendous rain showers, water- spouts, and light, baffling winds. This region, comprising some five degrees on either side of the equator, is called by sailors the Doldrums. What would be our fate when wo reached this ? Should we be continually drifted backward and forward about the Line by the light, baffling airs which there prevail, until, our water and provisions being all expended, we should be compelled to take to our boat, and trust to our oars to clear us from these latitudes of eternal calm? It seemed very probable; and it was with feelings of great disquietude that I looked forward to the prospect. Night-again came ; and, after throwing out a little ballast, in order that the balloon might ascend to a safe elevation, I, worn out by fatigue and anxiety, fell into a deep sleep, and did not awaken therefrom till the dawn was breaking of the Third Dag.—Towards noon I noticed somo heavy, dark clouds to the south-east, which, from their appearance, betokened rain. We were still being drifted to the southward; but the breeze was obviously falling, and I knew we were approaching very near to the belt of calms and rains. Now I began to wonder what would be the effects of heavy rain on the balloon. Would the wot absolutely destroy the varnish in time or would it have but little effect ? Although I gave the subject deep thought, I was unable to come to a conclusion. One thing was certain; and that was, that the moisture would cause the gas to condense greatly, and it cautioned me to be prepared for the event. Night again came, and still found us drifting sloivly to the south, the breeze gradually dying away; till, shortly after midnight, I could tell by examining the surface of the sea that it was uearly a dead calm. The pole star was now all but invisible, being only a few degrees above the horizon, while new constellations appeared in the 60uth. Thefourlh day came, and with it a sweltering heat almost insupportable. Much of the varnish of the balloon melted ; aud fell in drops on the awning over our heads. The pitch in the seams of the lifeboat also melted] while the gas in the balloon expanded so much as to threaten destruction to its envelope. Slowly the breeze faded away, till, by noon, there reigned a perfect calm. The surface of the sea was smooth as glass : while all around the horizon dark rain squalls gathered, threatening a deluge ere long. Occcasionally, in patches, the sea would be just rippled by cat'spaws ; but these trifling aire soon died awav J again. Night came, and was followed by another day, the very counterpart of the last. I found that, despite the almost perfect calm, wo wore gradually drifting to the southward, till, about the sixth day, all motion ceased, aud wo hung suspended in space over a wide expanse of sea Uilin, unnppled, glassy old Ocean seemed to have sunkinto slumber: all nature participated in the deep repose. The vertical sun blazed down upon us heating the car and house till both were almost insupportable, parching our throats rwWtm burning thirst, and actually ^blistering our skins when we exposed ourselves. I never remember a heat so - dreadful so oppressive. The air was heated as though it came from an oven, lad each breath seemed to increase the fever that burnt in my veins.. And now there arose another and. terrible source of alarm. Our thirst being stimulated by the great heat, we had consumed daily large quantities of water. Having emptied the small barrel in the bouse I determined to tap the cask on the platform, which held 150 Imagine my dismay when I discovered that it was empty. One of the staves had been stove iu, loosened, and the whole of the contents had leaked away. I found on examination that every drop of water we had amounted only to four gallons : allowing a little for evaporation and waste, this would leave thirty pints. Thus,- by restricting ourselves to a pint a day each, wo had only sufficient for fifteen days. A pint of water a day ! Those only who have suffered the horrors of thirst beneath a scorching sun can know how terrible a thing it is to be restricted to such a quantity; on less, life could not be supported. But after the expiration of that time, what a prospect was before us! Death, in its most horrible the slow agonies of death by thirst— till the blood, drying up in our veins, should leave us scorched and withered mummies. Those only who have themselves suffered from a scarcity of water can.imagino the horrible appearance people experiencing intense thirst present. The tongue swollen, dry, and cracked, protruding from the mouth ; the lips bloated and livid ; the skin hard and rough; the very liquor which moistens the eyeball dried up; perspiration and all tlie excretions utterly stopped—the whole making up a picture daily, hourly more dreadful, the agonies more intense, till death mercifully steps in and closes tlio sad scene. I had seen something of this, aud read much more, and shuddered at the thought. Then an idea struck me—a gleam of hope shot across my mind. The rain! for were we not iu the regions of heavy' tropical showers and calms ? But on consideration another source of danger loomed in the future. It had been my hope to have been wafted out of this narrow belt of variable winds and calms; but should such be the case, we must leave behind us our only hope of water. This, then, was my dilemma: to remain was death by starvation or drowning, for, lighten the car as we would, the balloon could not float for over, on account of constant leakage of gas; to go was to perish from thirst —truly, a terrible predicament 1 Again aud again I thought and strove to find some way out of the difficulty; but the most hopeful prospect in view was, that I might be able jto collect a quantity of rain water. But then, again, how would these heavy tropical showers affect the balloon 1 and how much could we collect daily above our consumption 1 I could not answer these questions; and when night closed in upon us, I was still in a state of perplexity and the deepest anxiety. Hitherto we had had no rain. Seventh Day.—Again the sun rose, and mounted the heavens, hot and scorching. The bosom of the ocean was scarcely rippled by the faintest zephyr, though I fancied we were slowly, very slowly, drifting to the northward. In vaiu I scanned the horizon for a sail, for land. We were hundreds of miles from the tracks of vessels—hundreds of leagues from land. At noon our thirst began to be unbearable. Ramoon beggod eagerly for water; so I gave him half his allowance, enjoining him to be caroful of it. Poor fellow! he thought not of the terrible prospect before him, swallowed it at a gulp, and asked for more. I, more prudently, sucked mine slowly through a piece of fine glass tubing,—part of my chemical apparatus,—suffering it to moisten my tongue and palate before swallowing. But this ex- pedient could not keep the fiend Thirst at bay for long. By an hour after noon my pannikin was empty, and I craved for more. Ramoon's entreaties were piteous, and wrung my heart. " Water, water! Gub mo water, or I burn up!" Pitying his misery, I resolved to let him have a portion of his half-pint, even if I stinted myself. I poured about a gill into his pannikin, and directed him to suck it through a piece of tubing, as I had done. Ho followed my advice; aud if it did not quench his thirst, it at least cooled and moistened his palate moro effectually. Long before sundown I was compelled to commence my remaining halfpiut, and give Ramoon the whole of his share. When he had finished his, he sat watching me sip mine with so wistful a gaze, that I could not refuse to share it with Mm. Night came, and with it, by good Providence, a plentiful dew. I took a piece of linen, and mopped up every drop of moisture I could find, till it was wet enough for me to squeeze some into my . mouth. Then, when the burning thirst was somewhat alleviated, I continued collecting the dew and squeezing it intoa pannikin. I, as well as Ramoon,—who after the day's experience, saw the urgent necessity,—kept at this work till near four o'clock in the morning, when I felt it necessary to get some rost. But with all our labor we bad only collected a little over half a pint. Still, this quantity, in our condition, was a priceless boon. For the time, the demon Thirst was banished; for the cool air of night, and the dew falling on our bodies, had in a measure satisfied the demands of nature. Eighth Day.—When I awoke, the sun was high in the heavens. It was nearly nine o'clock. I believe it was "the return of the thirst which waked me, as I felt it at once. I firmly resolved, at any cost, not to exceed the amount I had fixed on as our allowance— viz., one pint apiece. This, however, did not include the half-pint or rather more which wo had collected the night before; so that, by sucking this slowly, wo were enabled to do till noon without touching our regular supply. Towards evening the burning fever returned as bad as ever ; and it was with the utmost difficulty that I could restrain myself from taking one great draught, and finishing my pint at once. But no ! my resolution remained unshaken, and at sundown I had still a little left, which I divided with Itamoon, who, poor fellow ! hail long previously finished his. All the afternoon I had been anxiously scanning the horizon, in the hope of discerning symp toins of rain; but, alas 1 was doomed to dis appointment. Still, the hope of the cool dew of night kept up my spirits, and I looked forward to quenching my thirst, and seeming a least another half-pint. Night came, but, alas! no welcome dew descended on us. The sky became clouded over head; and when this is the case, but little or no dew falls. In vain I waited and watched and prayed for the expected moisture. None came, and the night passed in feverish longings, and vain hopes. Ninth Day.—Another day—hot, scorching as before. But now, long before the sun rose, we were parched with thirst, and, moreover, were fevered and fatigued by want of sleep. I could not entirely master the desperate craving for water; and before noon my pint was all gone. Ob, the horrors of that afternoon ! May I never experience them again! Often was I tempted to go to the keg which contained our little stock, drink my fill, and take my chance for the future. But I conquered the desire, and, though suffering intensely, when night fell had not touched a drop over my pint—indeed, I had given the unfortunate Cingalese nearly a wineglassful of my little stock. The poor fellow was deeply grateful, and I believe did his utmost to repress and control his feelings. Fortunately the night brought with it a slight dew—not to bo compared to that of the first, but, in comparison to the second, a very heaven to our parched frames. Tenth Day.—Still tho same scorching heat and deadly calm. Sometimes the ocean would be gently fanned by a cat's-paw of wind; but it always died away again, leaving the surface smooth and glassy as a mirror, and, like it, reflecting the dazzling rays of the sun up to us. There were only a few light, fleecy clouds to be seen, and these, alas ! betokened fine, hot weather, in place of the rains I hoped for All this while I had reason to believe wo were drifting in a northerly direction, at the rate of perhaps some ten miles a day. In the afternoon tho heat grew intense, and our sufferings from thirst augmented in a like degree. Then The task of clearing away and lowering the life-boat was neither a long nor a difficult one. She struck the water with her stern first, as I had slung her mainly by the head. The splash of the light boat in tho water fell welcome on my oars. It was, as it wore, a link connecting air and earth—or rather, water. Tho balloon was floating at an elevation of not more than fifty feet, and, now that it was relieved of the boat's weight, showed a decided tendency to rise. Indeed, its buoyant power partly lifted the bow of the boat from the water; and I noticed at the same time that it was towing slowly through the water at apace of perhaps a mile or a mile and a half an hour. I wasted no time, but, intent on my pro- it was that I remembered to have read that unfortunates who, like myself, had suffered these dreadful pangs had experienced much benefit from immersing the whole body in water. The thought struck me that there was nothing to prevent my doing so. During tho last few days the balloon had been gradually settling down towards tho sea, till now it floated at an elevation of only somo two hundred feet. It would bo an .easy task to clear away and lower tho boat, and then take plunge-bath myself. Of course, I could at pleasure regain tho boat, and either ascend by f means of a rope-ladder, or bo hauled up by my companion. I no sooner conceived the idea, than I resolved to put it in execution. jected bath, stripped to my canvas trousers, and, after hesitating one brief moment, plunged boldly over the edge of the platform. Being a good swimmer, and accustomed to take headers from considerable heights, I did not fail to jump head first on this occasion. One moment's quick rush through the air, .and then I felt the splash and shock of the water. went down a considerable distance, on account of the height from which I had leaped, which was greater than I had calculated. I struck out for the surface, which I had reached somewhat out of breath. For a moment or so paddled gently about, waiting till tho salt water should run from my eyes and hair, and enable mo to see. I was in no hurry—had no idea of danger; already I fancied my plunge-bath had modified the pangs of thirst. When I did open my eyes, I was well-nigh crying out with dismay. Tho balloon was full a quarter of a mile away, and, towing the boat after it, was rapidly increasing the distance. At once I realised my desperate peril. A light breeze had been slowly rising, and just as I leaped from tho platform asudden puff had wafted tho balloon away. And now to my horror I perceived that the breeze was absolutely rising; tho surface of the sea, which au hour ago had been smooth as glass, was now ruffled by the wind. I struck out desperately in the direction of the boat and balloon: but, borne on tho wings of the wind, tho great air-bag sailed away, towing the boat behind, and seemed to mock my frantic efforts. In less than ten minutes balloon and boat wore quite a mile away, and each moment the balloou rose aud increased the distance. I glanced over my shoulder and saw great black squall sailing up from tho wind's eye. In a few moments it was upon me, and amidst torrents of rain a hard wind swept over the ocean. For a time the rain and mist hid all from my sight, except the water a few yards around me. The black squall swept on, and in the course of ten minutes or a quarter of au hour it had gone by. Then tho wind began slowly to fall I still kept on swimming manfully for dear life, and each time I rose on the crest of the waves which the squall had caused, strained my ey in the hope of discovering my aerial ship and boat. In vain. The black clouds and falliu^ rain which had passed over obscured all ahead A half-hour passed, and then the shades of evening began to closearound me. Desperately, frantically I struck out, and shot through the water at quite three miles an hour—for I was a swift and powerful swimmer; but all in vain and when in a short time the black squall disappeared in the distant horizon, and the bright rays of the setting sun illumined the wide expanse of ocean, I realised all the full horror of my situation. The balloon was nowhere to be seen, and I was alone battling with the waves, in the midst of tho Atlantic Ocean ! CHAPTER XXL ALONE, SWIMMING IN THE MIDST OE THE WIDE 1TLANTIC. My feelings may possibly bo conceived by somo few (only by those who have themselves experienced tho extremity of mortal peril, when all hope seemed gone, death inevitable); but can certainly never bo described. Tho dull wash of tho waves, and my own laborious breathing as I struggled on, were the sounds which broko the dismal, the tremendous solitude. What was the solitude of Robinson Crusoe, of Selkirk, to mine ? My case was as that of the last man, alone, in full health and strength, and doomed never more to look on the face of human being. Such were my thoughts as I struggled on, my strength gradually failing, as hope already had, I had thus been swimming for more than an hour, when I noticed that a faint air of wind was blowing; I turned and faced it, for the sea now began to feel oppressively warm, and the cool breeze was most grateful. But as ~ still paddled on, the instinct of life compelling me so to do, oven against all hope, another fact became apparent—tho breeze was strongly rising, and with it the sea. I knew what this foreboded—a spa rom drowning: for although a powerful swimmer might by great exertion keep himself afloat for hours, perhaps oven for a day, in smooth water, half an hour of a short choppin] sea would assuredly drown tho strongest swimmer in the world, much more a poor youth like myself, weak and exhausted from privation and fatigue. No matter!—let death come, and come quickly. Already my arms began to ache, my breath came quick and painful, my brain grew dizzy, and my eyesight dim. These were my thoughts, as I swam slowly on with fast-failing strokes in the black obscurity. Presently the wind, which had threatened to increase, sank, and it fell once more dead calm. Ahead,, around, I could see nothing but the dark expanse of ocean, above mo the gloomy, starless sky—while the dismal plash of the waves made the darkness and solitude more dreary. Presently, and without the slightest warning, I felt something touch my feet. A moment my heart beat wildly. Could it be that some current had drifted me to land—might it not be a sand-bank, or perhaps a portion of some wreck, my feet had touched 1 I was soon undeceived—to my horror; for the next instant I felt a quick rush of a cold, slippery body, and then " saw before me a phosphorescent gleam in the sea, as some object darted quickly by. I screamed, and my heart stood still with terror. A fish 1—a monstrous fish! A shark! Oil, horror! No wonder the blood froze in my veins at the dreadful thought; still, though I came near it, I did not faint. I know not what it was that at that terrible moment kept up my energy : but ~ hesitated not a moment, and, prompted more by instinct than by reason, turned round, and commenced swimming in an opposite direction, as swiftly, and with as little splash, as possible. Perhaps the monster had not seen me I Such was my desperate hope. Any death were preferable to that. Drowning were surely a luxury to it; but I had scarce made a stroke in an opposite direction than I stopped aghast. For I saw that the sea was all phosphorescent with gleams ot light, aud could even distinguish beneath my feet in its great bosom streaks of light and largo luminous bodies darling about. Instantly -a flash of joy illuminated my soul. I was for the present safe from tho iiorrid jaws of the seatigers. Sharks never go in shoals or schools— usually in pair*, oftener alone. What these fish were, I had no means of knowing, for they soon darted away, and left me, as before, alone in the dreary expanse of sea and sky. They might be albicores or bonettas. Porpoises, perhaps, I thought; but on second thought this could not be, as fish are compelled to come up and blow every few moments; while those which had passed beneath and around me never came to the surface, so far as I could judge. Strange to say, the reaction from the sudden terror seemed to have put fresh strength into my failing limbs, and I found less difficulty than heretofore in supporting myself. Now I felt a breeze on my cheek, and turning as before to' meet it, swain on slowly with measured strokes, using no more exertion than was absolutely necessary. A new hope now seized me. If I could only keep-afloat till daybreak, some sail might be in sight, or land, or perhaps the balloon, who could say 1 And with that buoyancy of spirit which has brought me through so many perils, I persuaded myself that it would bo so. I judged that it was now past midnight: in about five more hours day would begin to break, and if I could only struggle on so long, I might possibly be saved. But, alas ! I soon found my powers begin to fail me again. The breeze, too, rose once more strongly, but steadily, and sent every now and then a dash of water over my face and head, blinding and filling my mouth—telling me that the end was fast approaching, and that I could not last much longer. Half an hour passed, and at the expiration of that time I felt so exhausted, that I was forced to desist from swimming, andkeep myself afloat by paddling gently with my hands, and unceasingly treading water to give ease. But as the time wore on, my weakness increased apace. Now, in spite of all my efforts, the waves would frequently dash right over my head, aud I had to renew my exertions in order to keep my head higher, and prevent this, which, if repeated a few times more, would assuredly end my earthly troubles. Still I struggled on; though, as if bent on my destruction, the cruel wind rose, and the remorseless waves reared their crests higher and higher, till not even by the most desperate exertions could I keep my head from being submerged again and again. The salt-water blinded, choked, and halfsuffocated me. Again and once again,—till at last my senses began to fail me; and I felt slightly delirious, though I still struck out, aud, gasping, panting, drowning, managed to get an occasional breath. What is that I hear ? Music ! Ay, music ! heavenly music! Bright angels singing sweet songs to welcome me. Now a wave washes right over me, and it is some seconds beforo I can get my head up to breathe. God have mercy on me! Adieu, bright world! Hopes, fears, ambition, dreams,—all fade away ! So does tha sky—so does the sea—so does my consciousness. Hark! music again. I can bear a song—a rhythmical'chant borne ^across the bosom of occau. Is it true, or is it a phantom of my brain ? Nerved I know not how, for I am rapidly sinking, I again make a few frenzied strokes, and listen. Yes ! I am not mistaken. I hoar a slow, monotonous chant como pealing over the waves in the silence of the night. The wind at that moment lulls, nor do the waves dash so hard. I hear it!—a song, a song!—and sung by a mortal voice! ° CHAPTER XXII. HEAVENLY MCSIC !—SAVED ! " Tan-a-toony, Hey-ah! Tan-a-toony, Hey-ah I" Such was tho monotonous refrain borne to me by tho wind. But to me, in my despair, no song warbled by opera prima donna, no grand and rolling oratorio, no earthly music— ay, no heavenly music—could bring such joy. I knew the voice. It was that of Eamoon, aud the rude 6ong he was singing was a sort of chorus I had often heard lascars and coolies make use of when hauling in a rope. I gathered all my strength, and, battling fiercely with the waves and my own weakness, shouted with all my force, " Ramoon ! Ramoon ! The song ceased, aud my soul thrilled with emotion. I was heard. There was a dead silence, as though the voice had paused to listen. Again, with my whole strength, I shouted out, " Ramoon! Here, save me ! I am drownrr !" Then, in reply, I heard- tho well- known voice -. Oil, ba Jumbo, who da crocodile am dat ?" Here, here !" I again cried, forgetting that if, as in all probability was the case, be was in tho balloou, he could not direct its movemonts, but that it would drift with the wind wherever it wafted him. A thrill of horror shot through me as I thought of this. Tho balloon might drift by me, and I could not possibly intercept it, even had I not been much exhausted, but strong. For I knew that even the faintest air moved at three or four miles an hour, whereas I could not swim at the rate of one. " Eamoon, Ramoon !" I cried, in despairing accents; " it is I! Here ! Save me!" " Hullo !" I heard him shout in reply ; " is dat you, gub'nor 1 "What is you ? In de sea, or in de clouds, or in kingdom come 1 If you is, tan't no use. I don't want no ghosts. Dis chicken be one himself 'fore long." I strained my eyes in the direction of the voice, and could faintly discover a large black object in the gloom : " The balloon !" Each moment it swept yet nearer to me. Not directly towards mc, however, but as if it would pass downward about a couple of hundred yards to my left. I gathered all my remaining strength, and struck out, hoping to intercept it. But, alas, my efforts were necessarily feeble, my progress slow, and, though I did my very utmost, I saw it would pass me, and sail away with tho wind. " Ramoon, Ramoon !" I shouted, with despairing energy; " pull the valve-string; let out gas, and veer away on the lifeboat line. I'm not a ghost, but soon shall be if you don't save me." The balloon was quite close now—not more than a hundred yards to my left, and about the same distance from the sea. I could now, too, perceivc the lifeboat towing behind, with her stern only touching tho water, and at once conjectured that Ramoon had been endeavoring to haul her up. Hence the song. It was marvellous what renewed vitality hope had put into my exhausted system. My faculties seemed sharpened, as well as my energies revived, and I could plainly hear Ramoon bustling about tho platform, and soon distinguished the rushing sound of the gas as it escaped. Then I noticed that the boat sank down into tho sea on even keel, aud tho balloon itself slowly descended also. I still swam with all my force, and noticed with joy indescribable that I lessened the distance between the boat and myself, which I could now see was not more than fifty yards off. She acted in a measure as an anchor to the balloon; for, fortunately for me, as I afterwards discovered, she was ..half full of water, and, what with tho escape of gas, and the. extra weight, the drift with tho wind was not quite so fast as the pace at which I was enabled to swim. Still it was slow work. Inch by inch I struggled on, battling savagely with the waves, with a strength and determination of which I should have been quite, incapable half an hour previously. Nearer and nearor I got to my haven of safety. I soon heard the splash of the water as the boat was towed along. Fortunately the breeze did not rise ; on the contrary, it rather sank, and each moment tho distance lessened, aud my hopes were raised in proportion. I could now seo Ramoon leaning over the platform, and supposed he could also see mc. Anyhow, breath was too prccious to be wasted in words. A few more .strokes, aud I am safe. Now twenty yards scarce separate us. Providence bo thanked 1 the wind at this moment lulled yet more. Ono more minute of desperate exertion, and I cluteli the gunwale of the boat, and am saved. Saved! Who call ever appreciate the glorious ecstasy of that moment, as, having scrambled on board, I sank panting and utterly exhausted in the stern sheets ? Saved! Saved from a death, languishing amid a dreary waste of sea—unnoticed, unpifcied, and unknown J If I live for a thousand years, I feel certain I shall never again experience a moment of such bliss. "Saved. 1 " 3 ... I murmured the word to myself, and leU into something between a swoon and a sleep. When I came to myself, I found I was lying at the bottom of the boat, and my head resting on a thwart, and the water washing all over me up to my chin. It was quite calm, and I had been so long immersed that I felt no inconvenience. Glancing around, I perceived that the balloon still floated ahead, and above us, and that the boat was towing at the rate of perhaps, four miles an hour, for the breeze had again freshened. I think it was Eamoon who aroused me, for now that I was awake and conscious I could hear him constantly laughing. "I say, gub'nor, am you dead? What for you no get up! De wind eomin', and by-by de boat upset." " All right, my friend," I answered ; " I am better now. Throw down a rope, so that I can make a tow-line for youjto haul me up. I shall be strong enough presently, but now I feel very weak and faint." " All right, gub'nor; look out." Then he threw out a rope's end, which, after a minute or two, I succeeded in catching, and having rested a little longer, made a tow-line, and placed myself therein. X was very careful to fix it securely, for I knew that if I again fell into the sea nothing could save me. I said to liamoon : " Are you ready to pull up ? Tie the end of the rope to the small winch, and heave away when I sing out. Are you ready? Haul away." Then I again committed myself to the waves, which had so nearly proved my destruction. But I felt Eamoon begin to heave on the rope immediately, and in a short time I was right under the balloon. Then I felt myself lifted from the water, and in a minute managed to scramble upon the platform. Eamoon—honest heart!—fell weeping on my neck, overjoyed to think X had returned feafely after my perilous and all but disastrous bathe. A draught of brandy wonderfully revived me, aud I was enabled to recount what had happened to myself, and listen to him. "Well, gub'nor," he began, "just 'xactly after you jump out, soon de wind begin to blow; do berloon begun to go—I didn't know it at fust, ebery thing was so quiet; but soon as ever I did, I began to try to stop him. Fust, I throwed out a sand-bag. Dat only make go wurser, and lift de boat out o' water pretty high. Den I 'gun a pullin' o' de strings, and dat warn't no use neither, for de berloon come down close to de water, and sailed along like ole boots; well, den it come on to rain, and I couldn't see you nor nuffin' else; well, as I couldn't do no good anyhow, I thought I'd go for to catch some water, an' so I did—didn't I drink, neiver!—forty hundred pailfuls—and filled de big barrel as well." I smiled at the forty hundred pailfuls, but said nothing, as I knew my friend's proneness for exaggeration. " When de rain, and de smoke and fog go 'way, I looks about—you's gone—nowhere in sight. So sez I, he's.bin an' gone and lef me and swum back agin. Well, de night comes, and I tinks to myself I'd better go back too, leas'wise go some'here—and den I sez to myself, dis 'ere boat's a stopping of me and de berloon—so up he comes—den I begins a liauliii' on him, when I hears some 'un holler —fust I thinked it were a ghost or debbli, or a flyin' man-jumper like we see down in de sea, gub'nor. Presently I knows it's you, an* I years wot ycr say, an* does it, and here we is." " Here we are, as you say, thanks to you. Eamoon, next to Providence. Water, too—a whole barrel full; fortune favors us, Bamoon, my boy—we shall yet weather the storm, and ' our names will go down to posterity as the most marvellous, the moBt daring, the most successful adventurers since the days of Columbus and Irancis Drake. Come, let's 'licker up,' as the Yankees say, and then hoist the boat." This was soon done, and when he had hoisted the boat, and got rid of a bag or two jot ballast, the balloon roseslowly. The dawn was now breaking fast, and, completely tired • out by fatigue and excitement, I went into " the house, and, after giving strict directions -to my faithful subordinate, sank into a deep ; ^ieeji. I will reserve the events of the next S-'&idBpciseedingdays; for another chapter. (Sohe continued.) 