LOVE, STRONG AS DEATH. CHAPTER X. Loveliness Needs not tho.foreign aid of ornament, But is, when unadorn'd, adorn'd the most. T?noTsoN. ,.TsEt; was- something very attractive about ,the "Du6 do Grandcour; in his tall spare 'figui'e, in his pale thin high-bred face, his clear deep-set blue eyes, and his smile of singular:, seetness ; his voice, too, was 'pleasint and mellow, and lie spoke English with the slightest possible accent. "I fear," he said, "that I have come too late to secure a dance with you, Miss Gra lhain, but, if you can give me one, I must 'ask you to ' dance without dancing,' as the Germans express it. At my age, to dance a valse would be absurd, and the set and measured arrangements of a quadrille bore me vastly. It is also hardly fair to ask you to give up a dance for so old a man as my self." " 0, indeed," said Muriel, heartily, "I have been dancing so much that I shall not be sorry to sit down. I will give you the next, which will be a quadrille, with the greatest pleasure. In fact," she added, "I have no more engagements till after sup per." Which will be after the quadrille," said the duke, smiling; "not a very long rest after all." They made their way to the conservatory, and as they seated themselves on a low couch, he asked her what she had thought of the ordeal to which she had been sub jected that day. "I was half-frightened, half-amused, and wholly glad to get home," was the answer. "Everything is very new to 'me; I have never been to London before, and this is the second ball I have ever been to. I had seen portraits of the Queen and the Princess of Wales, and all the other very great people; but somehow or other they never seemed realities till to-day. And yet now it seems like a dream." "I was watching you," he said; "but I do not suppose you saw me." "Yes, I did," she replied simply; " and I wondered who you were ;" and the delicate flush on her cheek deepened at the recol lection of his earnest, penetrating gaze. "You reminded me," he said in a low voice, " of one who was very dear to me. .In fact, when I first saw you, I experienced a shook of intense pain, mingled with pleasure. It seemed as if the dead had come back to life I She was as young and as fair as you. She had your eyes and your bright hair. Some day I must tell you, of her tragic end ; but not now ; this place is not fit for so sad a story." He passed his hand impatiently across his brow. ".You must forgive me," 'he said, as he observed the wondering look upon the sweet childish face ; "but an irresistible something compels me to speak to you as ii I had known you through all your young life. I hope to have the pleasure of making Lady Marwood's acquaintance this evening, so that I may attend her receptions, and get to know you better. I am an old man, old enough to be your father; you must be just the same age that she was-my poor child I" ".I am eighteen," said Muriel, and then she timidly said': " Was it your daugh ter ? ' " My. only onie I " was the reply : " but we Iwill, speak of this no more to-night; such memories are painful, and why should I sadden you this evening I " And: then the talk:glided on to many another tbpie, and Muriel listened with interest to her companion's strange and varied stories; while to him, the man of :the world, the somewhat blase favourite of society, the fresh intelligence, the naive sensibility, and the utter simplicity of this lovely child was as refreshing as a draught of pure mountain air to the weary wayworn traveller of the desert. Lady Marwood was.immensely delighted by the general admiration bestowed upon her. protdgde. On their return home, she . eiit for a few moments into Muriel's bed room, and chatted over the events of the day. " The Due do Grandeour asked per mission to call here to-morrow," she said. "He seems charming, one of the courtly men of the old school, aristocrat from the crown of his' head to the tips of his toes. The duchess was telling me that he wanders about the' world in search of distraction; he has never got over the loss of his daugh ter." "Ho;w did she die ? " asked Muriel. "I don't know ; I believe it is a horrible story, but the duchess had no time to tell me to- night. Well, good-night, my child; sleep well and pleasant dreams I " Once alone, Muriel sat for some time looking out at the rapidly brightening morning. She had been gay, bright, and happy all that day; happy with the happi ness. of -youth and health; but as she watched the rosy streaks deepening in the sky, some beloved memories seemed to rise, the deep violet eyes filled, the 'gentle lips. quivered. "'Tf he were only hern." el'n murmured, "I should be quite, quitd happy I " Shei knelt down by her bed to make her Ssimple prayer, and.as she buried her face in her hands, she whispered gently, " God bless 'my poor Basil; help us both, and keep him safe for me." onorca C x. Iemainebranco wleos with all her busy train BSwells at my.breast, and turns the past to pain. GOLsssTrn. .The steram of life settles very quickly into ih?iw channels.'. In a :few weeks Muriel had become Sthoroughly accustomed to her life, .but iltlihdugh she employed herself as only a very young girl can during her first season, there were many hours when she longed to be back at the Abbey, with her dear friend J.diid'godmother. Muriel'sperfect trust in Fairfiax, and the conesibusness of her own entire devotion to him, went far to help her through the almost fatigriing routine of pleasure. She felt much easier and happier since "shi biid written to him, so she settled to her life of gaiety with a contented andt ,: oeerful mind. There weore eidless balls and dinners, 'theatres, operas, garden-parties, and the thousand-and-one distractions and amus meats susual to those' who live in the full swing of the London season. Never very strong, Muriel began to look exceedingly delicate under this constant whirl of excite mont. Always gentle, sweet, and thought ful for others, the tenderest and dearest little creature in the world, she became an immense favourite, and it was a source of much wonder and surprise to Lady Marwood and others, that she in no sort of way showed a preference for any particular one of her very numerous admirers. The Due do Grandcour was perhaps a favorite, but then he was an elderly man, and, knowing what her attraction was in his eyes, made her perhaps more attentive to him than to others. Lord Denzil was one of the habituds of Lady Marwood's house, but he was obliged to confess that though Muriel always seemed glad to see him, she never gave him the slightest opening for any declaration of his affection for her, for, to tell the truth, notwithstanding her indifference, he was each day becoming more infatuated about her, and would often endeavor to construe her gentle and kindly manner into some thing more. It was one fine day just at the close of the season, that a merry little party, consisting of Lady Marwood and Muriel, a pretty Miss Grantham with her fiancd, a handsome colonel in the Guards, the Due do Grand cour, and Lord Denzil, Lord Marwood, and a Mr. Wilberforce, all went down to dine at Richmond. Muriol, who lately been complaining a good deal of langour and fatigue, sat down after dinner on one of the garden seats on the terrace at the Star and Garter, Denzil placed himself beside her, and the rest of the party sauntered idly through the grounds. "How lovely it all looks in the moon light I " she said, as she feasted her eyes on the soft picture of dark trees and hazy river far beneath her. "Nights like this make me home-sick, and I feel I want to be back at the Abbsy, to smell the sweet scent of the hay, to hear the nightingales in the yew-grove, and to be.with Harraine." " The time is not far distant when you will be once more there," said Denzil. "And you," she said. "Do you return to Broadlands ? " " It will depend upon circumstances. Do you know, we began to think that perhaps you were going to forswear England." "What do you mean ?" cried'Muriel in astonishment. "-Well, I for one thought Grandeour would persuade, you that to be a 'duehess; and to go and live in France would be pleasanter than returning to the Abbey." " Pray, do not talk in that way," said Muriel. " The Due de Grandoour is old enough to be my father." " But," said Denzil, " that is nothing nowadays. You must be very unwoirldly, Miss Graham." . " No, only natural," shereplied. " Surely to marry, one ought to love . ' " One ought," said. Denzil, " but few do." " More's the pity Il Ialways look upon love, I mean real, true love; as the greatest good in life," said Muriel, thoughtfully, " and there are no people I pity so much as those who marry without it." Denzil looked at. the fair fresh face, the sensitive mouth, and the clear steadfast eyes, and a lightning glimpse of what his life would be with such a possible heaven as her love shivered through him. To think of her at Broadlands, his helpmeet, his love, his wife I With such a woman, into what'might he not develop I her gentle companionship, her sweet presence, would make life entirely different to him. He was silent for a few moments, and then coming nearer to her, he said very gravely : " Miss Graham, I have something to say to you-you must know what it is." She looked up surprised and somewhat startled ; her thoughts at that moment had been far away, and she replied honestly enough "No indeed; what is it ? " "I fear," he said very'; quietly, "that I am very presumptuous, but I. love you. My whole future, my life, is in your hands. Can you, will you give me :one. word :of hope ? " i Muriel turned very pale; she played nervously with her bracelets. She felt that she must speak. She was more touched and embarrassed than she could have believed possible. " The only way,"' she said gently, "in 'which I could bid you hope would be if it were in my power to give you my whole heart, and indeed my life itself; but "-and a bright burning blush overspread her cheeks -" both, dear Lord Denzil, passed out of my own keeping sonic time ago. There is my secret. But you must forgive me. I never suspected this. I never thought of such a thing. I did not mean," she faltered, "to give you any encouragement." " You never have, you never did," said Denzil, as he took her cold little hand in his, "and I Was a vain fool to think you would ever have anything to say to me ; but 0, Muriel-dear, sweet Muriel I should you ever want a friend, should you ever be in tuy lillou lby or ov?v1v, yvtt hkuw thlat I would die to serve you." His honest young face gleamed white ini the moonlight, and Muriel could not but noticehow his lips were trembling. "I believe you would," she said simply. "I am so sorry-so very sorry for you." He would not trust himself .to speak; he looked intently at her, then raised her hand to his lips, Irissed it passionately, and hurriedly left her. She felt all bewildered, but was preseistly aroused by the return of the rest of the party. "Did you see Lord Donzil, Muriel? " asked Lady Marwood. " He canme to bid us good-night-said he had to hurry back to town about some important business which he had forgotten. Very odd; but see," she went on, without wauting for an answer; " see who we have found." Mluriel looked up and felt suddoely faint. It was Sir James Forsyth.' What mdmories tile sight of him evoked ! They all sat chatting and laughing about old friends and now, when Sir James presently said "'You will never guess where I was staying last month." One said one place, another suggested somewhere else, and so on. Muriol, not particularly:interested, was gradually falling into a reverie, wvhen her attention was suddenly arrested by a nameo. Sir James was speaking. " You are all wrong. Don't you remember the handsome and mysterious Fairfax, Lady Marwood ? Well, I was his guest in his old chateau of Bellevue for about a fortnight." Muriel leant forward, her whole soul in her eyes. "Indeed I " said Lady Marwood. "And what is he doing with himself? A very fascinating man. Why has he buried himself alive ? " "Ho was very nearly being buried in the ordinary manner just before I arrived there," said Sir James. " The poor fellow had been at death's door from some low fever or other. You never saw such a wreck. It is the most lovely place, his chateau, left to him by some eccentric and mysterious worthy. There are hanging woods, ocean views, and a ghost, I believe, into the bargain, for there are some rooms into which nobody ever goes, but occasionally curious and startling noises are heard, and the villagers all declare that the place is haunted." "Delightfully romantic I " cried Lady M1arwood. "But why did you not persuade Mr. Fairfax to come to England with you ? " "I tried, but with no success. I fancy the poor fellow is dying, and wants to die quietly at home. You never saw such a change. Like Hamlet, he does not set his life at a pin's fee. He seems quite indifferent to everything." Muriel had sunk back on her seat. The talk glided on to other topics, when presently Lord Marwood attracted attention to the lateness of the hour, and there was a general movement. " Muriel," said Lady Marwood, "come, dear. Why, how quiet the child is I She was very tired when we started. She must be asleep." The Duke went to her and took her hand. " Miss Graham," he said, "it is time to go home. Allow me to take you to the carriage. The dear child I how she sleeps I . SBut Muriel had fainted. CHATEER XIs. Ocltavia. -0 my good lord I . Believe not all, or if you must believe, Stomach not all. ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA. .The succeeding day was one of the most ipaififul that Muriel had ever passed. Do .what she would, occupy herself how she might, and she strove very hard, notwith stan'ding a feeling of alarming weakness, to exert herself, she could not forget Sir James Forsyth's words, nor the haunting fear that Basil Fairfax might oven now be lying dead without a friend near him to have soothed his last agonies at Bellevue. Lady Marwood had no suspicion as to the cause of her sudden indisposition.. She put it down to the heat of the weather, the fatigue consequent upon the perpetual round of gaiety-in short to every cause but the right one. Imprinting a hiss upon her protgdeo's pale cheek, Lady Marwood left her to rest in the cool shaded drawing - room the afternoon after her dinner at Richmond, and proceeded on her usual round of shopping and visiting. Muriel had not long been alone when the Due do Grandcour was announced. In his hand he carried a large bunch of Gloire de Dijon roses, dewy and fragrant. " Do not," he said, as Muriel was about to rise from her chaise longuc, ." do not move. You are looking sadly pale; I was very anxious to learn how you were after yesterday'd misadventure, and thought perhaps you would enjoy these roses." And he laid them on her lap. " How kind, how very kind of you I " she murmured. "You are always thinlking of things that give me pleasure." "I fear," he said seriously, "that it will be my last opportunity for some time. I received a communication this morning from France which will necessitate my immediate return." " Indeed I we shall be sorry to lose you." "Do you remember," lie said, "my telling you when we first mot how much you reminded me of one who is dead ? That one was my daughter-my only child. I may have been a careless father, but I loved her dearly. Perhaps though this does not interest you ? " "On the contrary," said Muriel, "I should like to hear anything you may have to tell." " She was very young," continued the Duke, "when at Vienna we made the acquaintance of one of the haudsomost vagabonds you ever saw; an adventurer, a s'rarien-in short a brigand I" Muriel started. "The influence he obtained over my daughter was enormous. Eventually lie asked my consent to make her his wife,. which of course I refused. She however loved him better than she did me. She fled with him, and though I sought for her far and near, they had laid their plans so cunningly thatr I could get no trace of them. Two years ago in a fit of jealous rage he murdered my poor Lucillo I" "O I" cried Muriel, as she suddently remembered the terrible story. "It was too dreadful. But I thought that she hbd been a Mademoiselle do Villofort ? " " That was her name," said the Duke gravely. " I had not at that time succeeded to the title I now hold. Ever since her toerrible death I have boon endeavouring to find her murderer. As yet he has eluded my vigilance, but I will never give up the pursuit; my one aim, my one object in life is-rovengo I " " And have you heard anything now 5 " asked Muriel timidly. "Yes, only this morning. He is a person not easily forgotton-Monsieur Paul Sans Pour; very tall, with a pale, striking face, dark deep-set eyes, and hair black as the raven's wing. He was, I think I told you, the chief of a band of brigands, and I have this morning received some information about him of a very curious nature. Toll me," he said after a pause, as he bent upon her his searching and piercing gaze. "You know a man named Fairfax. Who and what is hlie ? " "I cannot toll you," she repliaed with some embarrassment. " There is some .secret, I know, connected with his life, which we may not now know, but which will be all explained some day. But why do you ask ?" " Why do I ask ?" he replied in a strange voice; " because I believe him to be an accomplice of Paul Sans Pour, an aider and abettor in his shameful and nefarious practices, perhaps even an assassin him self !" "Impossible I " broke from Muriol's white lips. " Hardly so," replied the Duke in slow and measured accents; "else why does he make his chdltcau a refuge for a murderer ? Paul, the brigand, the destroyer of my Lucillo, has been tracked to Bellevue, the owner of which is your friend Fairfax I" Muriel leant forward, her chooeeks and lips ashy white. " At Bellevue I " she stammered, and her trembling lips could hardly frame the words. " O, it is impossible I " " He has boon soon there," said the Duke, "and I am starting by to-night's mail. Please God, I shall bring the murderer to justice I " Muriel clasped her hands in silent agony, but her brave heart never once faltered. " Whoever the murderer may be," she said firmly, " I would stake my life that Mr. Fairfax has never done anything unworthy of a gentleman." " He is fortunate," said the Duke quietly, "in having so warm an advocate. When I meet him I shall look at him with some curiosity I And now I must bid you fair. well; I have much to do before I start this evening. I hope it will not be long before we shall mooeet again, and remember you have no more devoted friend than myself." "One thing," said Muriel hesitatingly "may I ask you to do one thing for me ?" "Anything," was the reply. " Will you, then, send one line to me after you have been to Bellevue, telling me if you have been successful in your search ? " " I will," he answered, and then he bent over her hand, which he raised to his lips, and in another moment he had left the room. How little did Muriel guess how much she would have to bear before they moet again. For some time after the Duke had left her she sat with her face covered with her hands: an unaccountable depression possessed her, and bitter tears forced their way through her slender fingers. She never for a moment believed that there was anything against Fairfax; she could only suppose that through some quixotic sense of generosity he had been induced to give refuge to a hunted man. And yet there kept recurring to her mind the fact that there was some strange mystery in the life of Fairfax, a mystery which he himself acknowledged, and in which, dearly as he loved her, she was not allowed to participate. Would the time ever come when there would be no more secrecy, when, in fact, all doubts, uncertainties, and anxieties would be at an end ? and would she ever attain the tranquillising certaitity that, happen what would, she and Fairfax were bound to each other for life ? For she knew well enough that her affection would be undo viating, and that there was no trial she would not undergo so that she gained peace at the last in the possession of the man she so devotedly loved. But now her thoughts woere full of his possible, and very probable danger. What could she do to help him; how warn him; to whom could she turn for assistance ? The door was at that moment thrown open, and Lord Denzil was announced. " I met Grandcour in the street just now," he said, his handsome young face all flushed and eager; " he told me you were not well. I felt I must come and see you. Dear Miss Graham, pray tell me if there is anything I can do for you." Muriel, who, pale as death, was standing by the sofa, with her eyes fixed on the ground, now looked up suddenly; a deep flush overspread her chooeks, and stretching out her hands with an imploring gesture, she said earnestly: " There is something you can do." " Anything I " he exclaimed passionately; " only tell me what it is." " You remember," she said slowly, " that gentleman who Was staying at the Chase last autumn-Mr.-Mr. Fairfax? I want to warn him of a trouble which I fear is likely to fall upon him. But no one must know about it. Can you-will you-send a telegram for me ?" " Certainly; but one word, and yet it is hardly fair that I should ask. You told me last night that your heart was not in your own keepirn. Is it--- ?" " You have every right now to ask," she said; and the tears were trembling in her large blue eyes. " Mr.-lhe--is very dear to me. I believe I am the only person who in this matter can put him on his guard." She hurried to the writing-table and quickly wrote the telegram, which merely consisted of these words: Leave Bellevue at once. There is danger. " Go now," sho cried as she pressed the paper into Donzil's hands; " pray go at once; I feel there is not a moment to be lost. Some day I will explain, but all his peace and happiness may depend on hisi receiving this in time." As he strode quickly through tihe doorway, Muriol pressed her hands tightly together; and with one cry of "Saved-saved, my own I" she buried her face in the cushions of the sofa, and wept as she had never done before in her life. Up and down the long grass-grown terrace-walkl in front of an old chilteau, far away in France, a man was pacing back wards and forwards. It was Basil Faibfax, looling but tlhe wreck of his former self. Moodily he walked to and fro, his eyes bent on the ground, the whole expression of his face sad and serious. Silently he stood and watched the sun, as he set in rod glory behind the darkl pine woods, and then once again he resumed his weary walk. With a sigh, he was about to enter the house, when his attention was attracted by a boy who was running at full speed up the long chestnut avenue. In another moment a telegram was put into his hand. With a vague feeling of wonder he opened. it, and as he read his face grew white to the very lips. With a smothered oath he crumpled the paper in his hands, then with an effort at self-control he placed some money in the boy's hands, and bade him return to the village. Ho was no sooner out of sight, than Fairfax, striking his forehead with his hands in a passion of excitement, cried in broken-hearted accents : " Tracked I-tracked I O, just Heaven I when, when will this be over ? It is almost more than I can bear I But who can have warned me ?" Hoe again opened the paper to look for the name of the sender of the telegram, which he had omitted doing in his first hasty glance. He started back as if ho had been shot. " Muriel l" he cried, and what agony there was in his voice. " My Munriel ' But how came she to know anything! 0, good Heaven I What does she know ? My darling I-my saving angel I God bless her I" He pressed the paper to his lips, then he dashed away a tear that glittered in the dark depths of his eyes, tore the telegram into minute fragments, and called aloud : "Jean I" "M'sieo ?" A tallgaunt man, of middle ago, but with an immensely-powerful frame, came out of the porch. To him Fairfax spoke a few hasty words the man seemed troubled and anxious. He looked fearfully around once or twice, and then hurried into the house. Some hours later the moon rose in silent majesty over the gaunt grey tower of the Ohditeau of Bellevue, which throw quaint shadows from its mullioned gables and its deep peorte cochare. But all was still, no sound save the sigh ing of the wind as it rustled through the pine-trees, now silvered in the bright moon light. No living thing. save the insects which chirped amongst the leaves and grasses, or the night owls, which every now and then gave out their melancholy cry. Bellevue waoi deserted-was silent as the tomb. (T'o be continued.) 