THE SEPTEMBER MAGAZINES. Mr Herbert Spencer continues his socio- logical disquisitions in the Contemporary Review, and in the present instalment of them he treats of the militant type of society, its "vexation, and administration ; inciden taffy pointing out the direct relation which subsists between militant activities and a protectionist policy, of which we have had two striking exemplifications in the United States during and since the civil war, and in Germany since it has risen to be one of the great military powers of Europe. "Such an economic state, it is observed, as that which existed during early feudal times, when, as in France, the castles made all the articles used in them, is a state evidently entailed on groups, small or large, which are in constant antagonism with surrounding groups." The evils of the militant spirit, which is shown to be on the increase both in Germany and England, we clearly indicated by Mr Spencer, who shows it to be completely hostile to individual freedom. The fourth of Mr. R. S. Poole's essays on ancient Egypt and its relations pays a high tribute to the former inhabitants of that wonderful country for their knowledge of mechanics, and their great achievements in architectural art, in which constructive skill, imitation of nature in its principles of form, decorative fancy, imagination, knowledge of colour, and a true sense of proportion were all combined. Comparing Egyptian with Greek architectures, Mr Poole says that "we are conscious of a loftier idea and of a more forcible expression" in an Egyptian temple or pyramid even than in the Parthenon. Professor Goldwin Smith, in an article on the Canadian tariff, takes great pains to show that it is not protectionist, and is not directed against the mother country and he says that " Sir John Macdonald and his colleagues are, in fact, able to boast that the result of their policy has been a diminished importation of American, and an increased importation of British goods," The professor adds that the motives of the Canadians in framing it were purely financial and commercial and he makes the assertion that "the general principle of free trade, either in regard to production or distribution, cannot appear otherwise than evidently true, from whatever point on the earth it may be viewed. . . Free trade," he subsequently adds, " is only a special application of the general principle of non-interference with the beneficent course of Nature." As to the United States, we are told that " the only hope of a reduction of the import duties lies in the reduction of the debt, which is fast going on, and in the maintenance of kindly relations between England and that country. We may remark, in addition, that the American protectionists are beginning to discover that thefiacalsysternofthecountryrequiresamend ment, for we and such a thin and thick advocate of the monopolists as the New York Tribune stating that "even the extreme high protectionists generally agree that an intelligent revision of the tariff would be a good thing." Professor Goldwin Smith having been the first to propose the dismember- ment of the British Empire, is, of course, in favour of the incorporation of Canada with the United States, which will be promoted and facilitated, he believes, by a commercial union. "But all men of sense," he says, " are contented to leave the political question to the future, feeling that it would be unwise, as well as wrong, to do violence to any existing sentiment, and that the indispensable condition of a change in the internal relations of the country is the full and deliberate consent of the great mass of the people. There is little reason to fear that anything of this kind will be hastily done. power is practically in the hands, not of the people, but of the politicians, who as a class, and without distinction of party, are naturally wedded to a system which, as has been truly said, causes Canada to grow more politics to the acre than any other country in the world." The professor seems to fear that if Canada should unfortunately suffer from a couple of bad harvests and experience a commercial relapse, a movement in favour of what is called a national currency - that is, a large issue of inconvertible paper money would sweep the country. ProfesaorSheldonAmosre- views the constitutional aspects of Mr. Bradlaugh forcible exclusion from the House of Commons, and the conclusion he arrives at is, that " a gross constitutional outrage has been committed by means of a chance combination of a number of persons, swayed, it would appear from the reports, mainly by a variety of strong feelings and personal antipathies, It must be reluctantly admitted, too, in disparagement of one of the most eminent and capable officers the House has ever had, that this combination was supported by the Speaker, who seriously misapprehended his duties, and allowed himself to be made the implement of a casual, tumultuous, and tyrannical majority," thus losing sight of his true character as the organ of the whole House, fully and solemnly accoutred with all its traditions, laws, rights, privileges, and responsibilities." Professor Amos strongly deprecates the practice of attaching opprobrium to people on account of their professing atheistic opinions-a practice which he describes as " the legacy of one of the most dead and irreligious periods in the history of English Christianity that is, part of the eighteenth century and he contends that " it is only by the exercise of utterly unfettered liberty of thought, if at all, that an inquirer or doubter can, Apart from a simple acceptance of a revealed creed, work his way out of darkness into light Mr. Arthur Mills contributes a succinct narrative of his impressions of New Zealand, received during his tour of the islands in the early part of the present year. He is astonished at the progress that colony has made, its prosperity, and at the general resemblance which its principal towns bear to those of the old country. In all of them, he says, "the appliances of civilisation, the provisions for lighting, roads, public con- veyances, shops, banks, compare favourably with those of any large provincial town in England." As to the advantages which New Zealand offers as a field of emigration, he writes : " There are only two classes to which the country offers tempta- tions as a home, namely) to those who are ready to work for wages as shepherds! domestic servants, or labourers ! and (2) to those who can take out with them a few thousand pounds tony sheep. Young gentlemen who have never been able to buckle up to anything at home, but fancy that, with a gun and a pipe and a spirit flask for their stock in-trade, they can find a sphere for their indolence in New Zealand, had far better stay in England and sweep crossings or break stones on the roads. For servants, male and female, for smiths, wheelwrights, and shop, herds and ploughmen, there are abundant openings at good wages always. The election cry of the working-men in the Australian colonies Eight hours to sleep, eight hours to play, Eight hours to work, eight bob a day, very freely epitomises his lot." In the North American Review, Professor T. Harris discusses a question which seems to be exciting as large an amount of controversy in the United States as in these colonies, namely, the mutual relations of the church, the state, and the school ; one of his objects being to demonstrate that it is impossible for the school to give the education which the family, or civil society, or the state, or the church should give. The Firstly these, he argues, should give to the evils the indispensable training in personal habits, such as cleanliness, care of the person, KBpect for elders and superiors, obedience to take, the sense of shame, family piety, and, above all, the use of his mother tongue." The advance of the school is defined to be that of íií,V1"g,-h-e child knowledge and skill in the mJ?-,C?ltieaoftheworldofa=ienoe,literature, one history.,' the conventionalities of interest is?" that we been called by a tWtf thinker reading, writing, and arithmetic Civil Society comes in as a teacher after the schoolmaster has finished his special work, and instruct, the boy in his trade or vocation, thus" qualifying him to contribute the product of his own labour to the store of the world. Then follows the education of the state. This consists in the political education of the man into a citizen, and involves his learning what are the laws of his country, and the positive and negative duties which are incumbent upon him as a member of the community. The fifth form of education is that of the church, which instructs human beings as to their origin and destiny, and their relation to God. Each of these five formulas a specific sphere of useful. ness, and its definite functions to fulfil and where these are omitted, the education of the citizen is necessarily incomplete And Professor Harris contends the th. school is the least important of the whole ; while he remarks that " he who claims for the school all education, or holds it responsible totalled cation, is outside all rational points of view, and cannot understand at all what the school is or should be. To those who charge upon school education the responsibility of the political corruption which exists in the United States, The replies that the accusation is unjust. For he says, " the school cannot reach the adult immigrant nor the adult native that is illiterate. Besides, it has against it the powerful demoralising influence of the direct education of the state, which endows ignorant and irresponsible people with thought of suffrage, and thereby furnishes a temptation amounting almost to a necessity of self-preservation fo the political parties to secure the vote of this lowest political stratum by corrupt means, The school does not furnish the corruptible voters; it assists to remedy that side of things in fact, it teaches those who learn science and wisdom from it, that it is wrong to use corrupt means, even to gain good ends. The unscrupulous demagogues grow up in spite of the school, because of a bad start in life through defective family nurture in homes where want may have dwarfed the growth of self-respect and because the existence of a class of voters who have citizens' privileges without intelligence or patriotism is a corrupting influence terribly strong for young men of large directive power, when enforced by the further corrupting influence of the silent encouragement of unscrupulous party deeds on the part of men who stand high in society," He contends that the very discipline of a well-ordered school is conducive to morality, and he quotes statistics to prove that the illiterate portion of the population in each state and nation produces from four to fifteen times many convicted criminals as an equal number of the population that can read and write, while the percentage of criminals from the upper class of the population, destitute of family education, and from the class that has never learned a trade or business devoid of the education of civil society has been proved to be quite as large as that from the illiterates.'' In a thoughtfully written essay on natural ethics, Mr. M. J. Savage raises the question whether there is any natural basis of morals, any reason in the nature of things, for calling some things right and other things wrong, and any natural way of finding out what these are? He alleges that there is a natural standard of ethics, and that the experience of the race proves virtues to be those things which are good, and vices those things which are injurious for men ; the one standard of moral action being life. And life and happiness are, or should be, convertible terms, because science shows that all healthful life is naturally productive of and accompanied by pleasure. But what is the experience of the race "? Mr. Savage replies that it is summed up in every normal man's intentions, in- stincts, and practical judgment. The conclusion of the matter is given in the following passage :-" What are the natural motives toward right? They may all be summed up by saying, They are the instinctive, undying, and all-powerful human desires for life and happiness. Is this only refined selfishness? Not at all. Selfishness, is a vice, is not the desire for good for oneself, but only a willingness to gain personal advantage at the expense of the welfare of another, To desire a good for oneself that includes good for all others is not selfishness. And, in spite of pessimistic fault-finding, there is already more unselfish- ness than selfishness-in its evil sense-in the world; otherwise there would be no society at all. And the world is also a place where, in the long run, the good of one and the good of all are found to coincide. A BenBible desire for life and happiness, there is a desire for these for all." Passing over an impressive protest against Jewish ostra- cism in America, from the pen of a Jewish lady, who animadverts upon the fact that " there is always a latent surprise in the Aryan mind that a Jew should be a gentleman," and a paper by the Rev. J. H Ward on the decay of New England thought, we come upon a somewhat startling paper by a university professor on ghost-seeing, in which he avows his belief in the reality of apparitions, quoting a number of well authenticated instances from ancient and modern history and cites the testimony of science to the fact that light is not dependent on external impressions, and that all perception is an act of the understanding. As to the manifestation of translated souls," he observes that " the negative is demonstrable on physical grounds; and the affirmative can never by individual testimony, be established in the common conviction of mankind. But, he goes on to observe, " there are mental experiences, mysterious indefinable, which suggest the action upon us of conscience, intelligent powers experiences which answer to the beautiful idea of spiritual guardianship, so rife in ages past, Who has not known them? Who has not experienced at times those sudden in- tuitions, impulses, new determinations of thought and will, whose advent could not be explained by association of ideas, as links in a chain of mental sequence, where the preceding involves the following, but which burst upon UB like messages from the Un- known, interposing with a flash new births of the soul ? inspirations that shed exceeding day on the mind-those inexplicable warnings that restrained us on the brink of danger, those Swift figurations of hope that caught us tottering on the verge of despair, those sweet consolations welling up from the deep in our agony of grief who has not known them ? How natural to suppose in them a spiritual influence streaming in upon us from without I" There is some entertaining reading in an article in the late Nassau Senior's " Journals and Conversations" in Fraser. The deceased economist enjoyed the friendship of some of the most distinguished of his contemporaries in England and France, and he had the happy knock of drawing them out, while a singularly retentive memory enabled him to remember and record what they said. We seem to know Louis Napoleon better from what Mr. Senior gathered con ceding him from the personal entourage of the late Emperor than from any other source. He was thus described by Madame Como, the mother of one of his children : " He always liked the worst children. The fond of his character is selfishness. The form which his Selfishness takes is vanity, and his vanity is vulgarly common- place. It is love, not of esteem, but of notoriety-not of the approbation of the wise or of the sympathy of the good, but of the astonishment of the mob. As a child, he liked bad children ; as a man he likes bad men." The single redeeming trait of his character seems to have been gratitude to former friends. Mr. W. M. Torrens contributes a seasonable article on registry of title, in which he explains the rensonwhyLord Westbury's Act was a failure, and points out how all difficulties have been overcome in these colonies, while he combats the arguments which are advanced against the adoption by Great Britain of the colonial system of registration of title. He also sustains his position by quotations from the reports of Messrs. Gawler and Turner, in South Australia ; of Mr. Jordan, in Queensland and of Mr. Bunny, in this colony. In an article on the House of Lords, it is argued that the mere fact of its existence is a strong argument in its favour; that, as a rule, wherever the members of the aristocracy are well known they are popular and that the abolition of that chamber would only increase the power of the body to which its members belong. 