TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON. Jolt 16. Several of the nags engaged at the Grand National meeting having arrived at their metropolitan Quarters, some interesting work was done this morning. Morrison opened proceedings by sending Trumpeter long alow work, ana Wellington, after cantering onoe Tonnd the outer track, was set going, and galloped another round in good style. Cnifney indulged pilgrim with a canter of four miles, r.G.juso going steadily twice round the track, fUDdmnninghomeatastrongpace. Belladrum was on the tan, enjoying a canter, and finished np with a fast gallop once round. j Bandalbion was cantering. Soothsayer did fctrbng exercise. The remainder of Chif ney's string did nseful work. Mr. Moran Sent Gazelle twice ronnd the track strong work, Symbol doing similar exercise; (hej both went well. Victor strode along on the tan for three miles, and Cyclops fiid a long gallop on the outer circle. Mr. Splman treated Jack Tar to a good extender for three miles on the tan, whisper also doing strong exercise; Warlock, Wizard, and tbemstof the team.exercised. Yeendsent Mnt Ribbon a mile gallop, and Intrepid, who flatty fresh, went steady work three miles an il a ' half. Taxaraxacnm, who appears yfinftb improved sinoe his sojourn in South AustMia, went twice ronnd the ground at a mod pace, and moved nicely. Rosewood, in oompany with Attache, went strong work, i 6«m Davis'e Hebe (went steady exercise. Respite and Zambesi were sent a strong i galTorv-thelatter wept very well- andCanard kittled along at a good pace for a mile and a I quarter. Abdullah, who was very freali, did long, steady work. President went a good pace for about four miles. Eros, who is in Mahou's stable, and engaged in the Maiden Steeplechase, was riddeu to hounds by Captain Lord Charles Scott, of ller Majesty's ship Bacchante, Shipnal, also engaged in the Maiden Steeplechase, with Floya in the saddle, did a couple of rounds over the schooling fences, and acquitted him self creditably; this horse shows quality and size with it. Fair Maiden was working, and The Ghost did useful extended exer cise. Mr. Crook's team were working at intervals, the Derby colt Nautilus, with Murphy up, going twice round the track, and improving tbe pace the last round. Cora, who is engaged in the Flat Race, did useful exercise. Darebin, in company with Ter rible Billy, did nice stretchiug work on the tan. Mr. Lang's Pollio, Commotion, and Pell Mell were doing good sound work ; there were several other horses and ponies cau tering on the various tracks. CAULFIELD, July 18. Something like 25 horses beiug in training at Caulfield for the Grand National meeting, I viaited the tracks on Monday morning, when a good deal of useful exercise was gone through; Dan Robinson being the first to commence operations with Noonday and Westbury, and they did nothing of import ance. Mr. Duffett sent Bar One, who looks healthy and well, a bit of sharp work, his colts Ca-'sar, Tain worth, Novel Connexion colt, and Birdcatcher did useful work. Lang seat Nimrod, a brother to Monarque, and Union Jack, a Proto-Martyr colt, and Van Tromp, who is engaged in the Maiden Hurdle Race, for some steady exercise. Sussex, with Rowe up, did a useful, stretching gallop of three miles. Mariner, with Himalaya in hand, in dulged in a long cauter of three miles. Young Alfred, with Rowe up, and Dutchman, with Goodie in the saddle, did a good, striding gallop of three miles and a half, Don Pedro, engaged in the Maiden Hurdle Race, joining them after going a mile; they all went very well. Scylla and Minnow, a filly engaged in the Flat Race, were treated to a bit of sharp exercise; I thought the latter strode along nicely. P. Heywood had Robbie Burns, Waterloo, Dhurringile, Napper Tandy, Santa Clans, Chuckster, Discount, and Sir JoBeph on the ground ; and they all did nice cantering work. Mr. George Watson had Swiss Boy down, and his son was schooling him over the fences. Jones had Sea King, Woodlands, a Yattendon colt, Liberator, Dougalston, and Doncaster doing work, but nothing worth recording. j CAULFIELD, July 19. A glorious morning, and the tracks in first clasB order; a lot of good, legitimate work ! gone through. Leaving town by the 55 minutes past 7 train, I was in time to see Mr. Conelly's horses working. Incognito, who has im proved very much, and Beadsman, looking very healthy, did some half-pace work. Stockbridge, very big, was walking, when Jones appeared with Woodlands and Sea King. They cantered once round the track, and galloped another mile. P. Heywood wa9 i the next to business with Dhurringile and | Robbie Bnrns, but they only went a long canter. Napper Tandy cantered once round the ground, and strode along for another one at three-quarters pace. Csesar, Birdcatcher, j and Tam worth were doing cantering exercise. Sussex, with Rowe up, and Young Alfred, with Batty up, went three miles at a fair pace ; both horses appeared very anxious to gallop. Young Alfred, who goes with great resolution, pulling off, Sussex went along by the side of Dutchman, who had been doing a sweat, for another round. Waterloo and Santa Cians cantered slowly for three rounds. Nimrod, looking very gay, and Union Jack were doing serviceable work, and Van Tromp was schooled over the hurdles ; he acquitted himself very well. Lucy, with Mr. Filgate up, cantered for four miles. Mr. Duffett sent Bar One a sharp gallop of a mile; this horse looks fresh and well. Mariner and Himalaya went slow exercise, and Minnow did some half-pace work. Don Pedro, with Rowe up. went long work and came along the last half mile. Westbnry was cantering, and Noonday with Yonng Fireworks were on the ground walking. Leng sent the Proto Martyr colt and Monarque's brother steadily, Jones had Liberator, looking gaily, a Yatten don colt, Dougalston, Doncaster, and Creme de Bouzy, but they were merely taking gentle exercise. P. Heywood had four of his yonngsters, giving them a spurt. Mr. Wat son sent Swiss Boy Btrong work, with Heywood up. 