CONFESSION, A NUT FOR THE BISHOPS TO CRACK. (To the Editors of the Frotestant Standard.) SmB, — As the Bishop of Brisbane recommends : the Book of Common Prayer for our guide, there are other matters I should like to draw his atten tion to. but I am afraid lest he or your readers might get wearied, but there is one in particular which with your permission I will now name. In the ordering of Priests I find the Bishop is directed to' pronounce these words to those that receive the order of Priesthood. " Receive the Holy Ghost for the offioe and work of a Priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sinB thou dost forgive, they are- forgiven and whose sins thou doBt retain they are" j retained." Awful, terrible words, to come from the lips of mortal man, as inner like myself. Can it be possible that those, who utter these words can reflect on their meaning, or believe that they really possess the power to confer the anthority whioh these wordB convey ? or do they merely repeat these ub part of the 1 ceremony ' and in a perfunctory style 1 after the manner of the old Priests at the time of the Reformation who gabbled through their dry latin and at the same time were not able to repeat the Lords Prayer ; and then on the other hand can it be possible that the newly made Presbyter having heard these words, on rising to his . feet, believes he possesses such . authority ? That this is the keystone to Auricular Confession and absolution there can be no doubt, and that the words are taken in their ordinary . sense there can be equally no doubt. I have before me now a copy of the Petition presented in England to Convocation in the Spring of 1873, in whioh ' find these words. The humble Petition of the undersigned Priests of the Church of England, sheweth "that in view of the wide-spread ' and increasing use of Sacramental Confession,- your Venerable House may consider the advisability of providing for the education selection arid licensing of duly qualified Confessors in accordance with the provisions of: Canon Law." . It is upon these lineB that the " Society of the Holy Cross " (described by the Archbishop of Canterbury from the Presidential chair of Convocation on the 6th July, 1877, as a " conspiracy against the Doctrine, the Discipline and the Practice of our Reformed Church") published the second part of the " Priest in Abso lution" a work so depraved that it beats Peter Dcub or Ligouri hollow, so bad that there iB no printer's name to it and no copy aB by Law directed was ever placed in the British Museum. That these words are taken in their ordinary acceptation there oan unfortunately be no doubt, as it is now a common thing to find at so many of the Church doors in oar Mother Country, a notice board hung up stating the times and days on which confession will be heard, and even in this Colony we have had it advocated in tho only Church Paper we had and that too by a Clergyman having a " Cure of Souls" but we have to thank our good luck in , having a Protestant Bishop who put his foot on it, the serpent ho wever is not killed, only scotched, one thing I always notice, that the great desire to keep' Saints and other like days . comes from Clergymen who are noted for Matins and Even song arid Choral services. That the Book of uommon Jrrayer is a wondertui production or beautiful prayers and extracts from the Bible and well adapted for congregational use I think few will deny, and1 as a whole a Church may be satisfied with the efforts of the authors of it, but like every thing human it has some defeots. With these to fall back on, it is that a determined.; Ritualistic party in the Church are now endea vouring to undo tho work of the Reformation and bring trio Churoh and Kingdom of England back to Romanism. , If by my few remarks I shall have awakened any , of your readers to a sense of their .danger 'arid' duty at So critical a time as the present, I ' shall indeed be tlinnkful, and to those who 'would feel a desire to enquire further as to the necessity of a revision of the Book of Common Prayer I would refer them to tho works published by the Evangelical Church Union of whioh Lord Eburv is the President. Thanking you for your forbearance and courtesy I am, vours faithfully, ROBERT THOMPSON. 13 December, . 1881. 