Lord Brackenbury : A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. JEDWAKDS, CHAPTEE LIII.—Wheee was 'Tonio Mohettj r Blood! The boy belonging to the Trattoria, who came every ? morning to clean and sweep up, and old Anita, who at this? season of the year was at her post as soon as it was full day light, were first to give the alarm. Then came Maria the. serving-maid, and Giuseppe the cook, quickly followed by the landlord and his family. And then, scrambling out of their beds, flinging open their windows, screaming shrill questions to those below, the lodgers, in various stages of. undress, came scurrying down, almost tumblina' over eat-b_ other, and crowding to the gateway. Blood ! Whose blood? How shed? When, and by ?whomV What had happened under that dark arch in the dead of night, when die dwellers in the Osteria del Cappello were asleep in their beds? Questions which all asked and none could answer ! If murder had been done, it had been done so swiftly and silently, that not a sound, not a cry, had jarred upon the stillness of the night. Stefano Beni, waking to the shrill clamour, did as the rest — ran to the window ; saw that something unusual had happened; flung on his clothes, and hurried down. ' What is it all about ? What is the matter ? ' he asked1, fir6t of one, then of another. 'Murder is the matter ! ' 11 There has been an assassination under the archwav ! ' ' There's tlood on the stones ! ' ' Blood thaf s not yet dry ! ' He pushed, his way through the crowd, and there, in truth, just midway of the gateway, lay an ominous crimson pool, connected by a 'trail with another and a smaller pool close against the Etrcet-kerb. ''Tis blood, sure enough,' said the wheelwright ; 'but I don't see why it need mean murder. I bled as much from the nose, one not day last summer.' There was an outcry of dissent. A murder it was, and a murder it should be ! They were not going to be defrauded of their tragedy in that way. Darting forward with a sudden cry, one of the women stooped, snatched something from between the stones, and held it on high for all to see. ' Dio ! see here, neighbour Stefano ! Was your bleeding brought on by such a thing as this ? ' It was a broken knife-blade about two inches and a-half in length, and three-quarters of an inch in breadth. The wheelwright looked grave, as well he might ; and the babble of tongues, checked for one second, broke out shriller than before. 41 It looks as if it might hare been six inches long before it was snapped across,' said the landlord, turning it this way and that. ' It is a dagger — it cuts both ways ! ' cried the woman ?who had picked it up. Stefano Bcni put on his glasses. ?' It is not a dagger,' he said. ' It is a knife-blade, newly- ground to a double edge .'' ' Ground for the purpose ! ' said the landlord, solemnly shaking his head. And then again the women shrieked that it was a murder —an assassination— a vendetta ! ' But there is no blood on it,' said Stefano Beni, drily. It was true. There was no blood on it — not a smear ; not a speck ! The thing seemed almost incredible. Here was the broken, weapon of the assassin — yonder, the blood of the victim. How, then, could the blade be unstained ? ' Che ! che ! che ! ' said the wheelwright, contemptu ously. ' Murders are not committed in this way ; and murdered men don't generally walk away, to save folk the trouble of burying them ! A drunken scuffle, a broken knife, a cut finger, may be— and there's your murder ! ' The landlord put on his judicial air. ' There's more blood here than ever came of a cut ? finger,' he said. ' But can't you do better than to stand ataring and guessing ? 'Where is the handle and the rest of the blade ? Find that, and we should perhaps get a clue to the mystery. But there ! It's no good attempting to search, unless you all clear out of the gateway. Stand back, Monna Teresa — stand back, Guiseppe ! By your leave, dame Gianetta. Come into the courtyard, good friends, or go out into the street, as you like best. Now, 'Lina Pezzi, since vour eyes are so sharp, try if you can find the handle.' Thus encouraged, the woman who had picked up the piece of broken blade went to and fro, peering between the stones, scraping over the rubbish-drifts in the corners, and exa mining the contents of the street-gutter outside ; but for all her searching, neither she nor any one else could find the other half of the weapon. ' If I lent you my spectacles, 'Lina Pezzi, maybe you'd discover the corpse,' said Stefano Beni. Poor as the joke was, it raised a laugh, and changed the temper of the crowd. 'Murder or no murder, I won't waste my time any longer,' said the cobbler, shuffling off to his stall. 'Nor I mine,' echoed Basilio, the joiner. 'I've a coffin to finish before breakfast, and my customer won't wait.' ' And before I earn a soldo to-day, I must take my mare round to the blacksmith's, to be shod,' growled Paolo, the vetturino. Then the landlord bade his lad fetch sawdust to soak up the blood, and a mop and a bucket of water, to cleanse out the gate-way; and presently the men dropped off one by one to their work ; and old Anita lit her brazier and spread her chestnuts to roast ; and only Monna Teresa, Dame Gianetta, Brigitta, and some others of the more inveterate gossips, lingered and wondered and chattered, till the last crimson stain was washed away. Sleeping at the back of the house — sleeping soundly, too, after lying awake and weeping half the night — La Giulietta heard nothing of the clamour that roused her juncle in his bed-chamber overlooking the courtyard. But 6he woke ?with a start, nevertheless, conscious that she had slept too late ; that she had dreamed troubled dreams ; that some thing was wrong— though what that something was, she could not at first remember. Then it all flashed back upon her memoiy. He was gone ! Gone to share the perils of those who go down to the sea in ships ! This was why her dreams had been all of wreck and disaster ! This was why she woke with that dead weight at her heart. But she must not begin the day with tears and terrors. She must get up quickly, and light a little fire of sticks and pine- cones ; for Uncle Stefano has a big cup of hot boiled milk every morning before he goes off to his workshop in the Piazza Bra. ; and that cup of milk and a dry crust are all the food he takes till midday, when he comes home to dinner. So La Giulietta made haste with her simple toilet, and ran to knock at her uncle's door as she went bv. ' Uncle Stefano ! ' But he was neither in his bedroom, nor in the outer room nor in the balcony. He had got up without being called, and gone out without waiting for breakfast. Was he 60 early, then — or was she so late 'i The clock pointed to a quarter-past seven. Cielo ! so late ? How could she have slept to such an hour ? And the little uncle, rather than awaken her, had gone away fast ing ! She would run down at once to the Trattoria, and learn whether he had taken a cup of coffee before starting. If not, she must boil his milk, without a moment's delay, take it in a stone bottle to the Piazza Bra ! Opening the outer door, however, she found herself face to face with Monna Brigitta. 'Ecco, my child!' said the clogmakf.r's wife; I 'was just coming to you with a message from your Uncle Beni. He is gone to work ; and will get a bit and sup at Donda's Cafe in the Leonana, as he goes along. ' Oh, Monna Brigitta, I am so vexed !. 1 cannot think how I came to sleep so late ! ' 'Late or early, my child, you have nothing to be vexed about,' said Monna Brigitta. ' He only did not care to take the time or trouble to come up all these stairs again.' ' Had he gone down, then, for anything?' ' Gone down ! — why — don't you know ? ' ' Don't I know what ? ' 'Oh, the Blessed Saints ! Such a scene as we've had, and you to have heard and seen nothing ! Nay, then, e am Giulietta, I must come in for a minute, and. tell you all about it !' So Monna Brigitta came in and sat herself down ; and, witn such embellishments and exaggerations as her imagina tion suggested, told the whole marvellous story from begin ning to end. Meanwhile, La Giulietta, listening with parted lips and frightened eyes, grew paler and paler as the narra tive went on.' ' Your uncle may scoff as he pleases,' said Monna Brigitta, when she had talked herself out of breath ; ' but I maintain that a black deed of some sort was done last night under our gateway ; and if it wasn't murder, it was something very like it. You should have seen the blood ! Two big pools ; and the stones all splashed between, as if the poor wounded wretch had tried to get away, and was stabbed a second time ! But there ! I declare you're as ?white as a ghost, child !' White, indeed ! She might well look white ; for her thoughts flew at once to her lover, and her very soul turned sick with horror. Not vainly had she felt that vague pre sentiment of evil when they parted. Not vainly had she wetted .her pillow with tears, and sobbed herself to sleep ! ' Then that sound that Cesare noticed once or twice, when t . \ they were talking on the balcony — that sound, as of some j one lurking and listening below ! ? One name rose to her lips; but she dared not utter it — one j question ; but she dared not ask it. j Where was 'Tonio Morreti t j When Monna Brigitta was gone, she dragged herself to the window, tremblingly, heavily, as one drags along in dreams; and there — although it was now nearly eight . o'clock— there in its accustomed comer stood Moretti's vettura. I The other men had cleaned their carriages, and put their horses to, and driven away long since. The women ' had filled their cans, and gone about their household duties. Maria, the serving-maid, was running to and fro with hot dishes between the kitchen and. the Trattoria, Tie land lord and a country carter were busy loading a caretta with empty wine-barrels. The children were whooping and racing about the yard ; the cocks and hens were scratching over the rubbish heaps ; the daily life of the place was going on, just as though no dread unknown thing happened but a few hours before. The only unusual feature in this familiar scene — (unusual, that is to say, at so late an hour of the day) was 'Tonio Moretti's vettura. The yard was generally clear by half- past six ; at latest, by seven ; and 'Tonio, as a rule, was one of the first up and about. But there stood the vettura with closed blinds and empty shafts, all splashed and muddy from yesterday's driving ; and yonder, through the opendoorway, she could hear the uneasy stamping and whinnying of his horses, waiting for their morning feed, and wondering why their master neglected them. Where was 'Tonio Moretti ? In after years, Giulietta. lSeni could never recall that day's agony and suspense without a shudder. Somehow or another, by force of habit, as it were, and half unconsciously, she went through her ordinary household duties ; but to sit down calmly to embroider when these were done, was impos sible ! She could only walk restlessly to and fro, listening, watching, wringing her hands. When Stefano Beni came home at midday, she met him on the threshold. * Uncle,' she said, ' my CeBare is dead or dying. That was his blood; and 'Tonio Moretti is his murderer.' Her cheeks were white ; her hands were like fire ; her voice sounded hard and strange. Startled and alarmed, the wheelwright strove in vain to calm her. *' It is of no use,' she said. There stands 'Tonio's vettura. It has stood there all the morning. His horses are starving in the table — there is no one to feed them. He is afraid to come near the place. His hands are red — he dares not show thorn ! The brand of Cain is on his brow.' ' But I tell you it is all folly,' remonstrated the wheel wright. ' 'Lina Pezzi picked up the dagger ! ' ' 'Lina Pezzi picked up a bit of broken blade with no blood on it. Now, in the name of reason, my little girl. ' Reason ! ' she cried, holding her head wildly with both hands. ' Don't talk to me of reason. Find out the truth for me, or I shall go mad ! ' Then Stefano Beni, being fairly at his wits' end, promised to do what he could — to go round to 'Tonio Morotti's lodging ; to make inquiries at the police bureau and at both the hospitals ; to do anything, everything, if she would only try to be patient. So the poor child promised patience, and kissed him with a look that sent him down stairs with the tears in his eyes ; and when he ?was gone she went to her room and poured out her heart in prayer and petition to ' Our Lady of Sorrow.' 'When he came back, some three hours later, the vettura was no longer in the yard. Ernesto Moretti, 'Tonio's cousin, who lived down by the Porta Canossa, had been round meanwhile, paid an indemnity of a week's rent, and fetched the carriage and both horses away. ''We were the best friends in the world !' said the land lord, in astonishment. ' I've stabled his beasts for t-vo years ; he has had his dinner at our Trattoria pretty nearly every day ; and we have never had a word of difference. I cannot understand it. But ecco ! it is the way of the world !' ' Ajr, neighbour,' echoed Stefano Beni ; ' it is the way of the world !' But he chuckled softly to himself as he went up the stairs. The door opened before he reached his own landing. She had been listening for his footfall ; but now that he had come, she could not speak. ' Cheer up, my little girl!' he said, coming 'quickly in, and shutting the door behind him. ' Cheer up .' all is well — it is 'Tonio who is in trouble — it was 'Tonio's blood that was spilt, and not our Signor Capitano's ! The poor brute is in bed, and a surgeon attending him. 1 saw his landlady, lie tells her he met with an accident last night ; but he seems to have been drubbed within an inch of his life. His face and head, she says, are one mass of bruises— three or four of his front teeth knocked out — and his eyes swollen up as big as a couple of oranges. He won't be able to see — much less to get up — for a week or more, the miserable devil!' ' You are sure that this is true ? ' she asked, breathlessly. 'Sure — positive; for after I had seen the landlady, I went on and saw the doctor. Now, are you satisfied ? ' ' 1— I don't know,' 6he faltered. ' If I do not get a letter to-morrow morning, little uncle, you must take me to Venice.' But when morning came, the dear, welcome letter came with it. Ca;sare Donato was safe, and well, and very busy ; and expecting to weigh anchor for Trieste in a couple of days. Chapter LIV.— Strange, if Fortuitous. No ; there was evidently nothing wrong with Cesare Donato. Busy as he was, he wrote daily, though briefly, from Venice ; and from Trieste despatched a letter written during the trip from port to port. The letters were plain, straightforward letters enough ; not high-flown, like lovo letters in romances ; but simple, and earnest, and full of manly tenderness. Such news as they contained was purely about business. At Venice everything reminded him of the happy dav they had spent there together. It was especially delightful to him to remember that she had been on board the Diamante. She was now associated with tbe vessel in his mind for ever. He could recall her as she looked, as she spoke ; on deck ; in the saloon ; even in his own little cabin and counting-house. It enabled him to realise the happiness that would hereafter be his, when her presence there should be not a dream, not a remembrance, but a blissful reality. It was his consola tion, being parted from her, to know that each sunset brought that happy future one day nearer. Then he told her how at Venice he had shipped an unusually heavy cargo, the greater part of which would be immediately discharged at Trieste ; while at Trieste, he was about to take in goods for delivery at Ancona, Barletta, Bari, Zante, and Smyrna. It had been his intention to go direct from Trieste to Bari, and thence to make straight for Smyrna. But man proposes and trade disposes; and these new commissions, besides delaying his arrival at Bari till the middle or end of the following week, would add a fortnight or three weeks to his outward journey. Such was the substance of his first letters. He told her in each of them that he was well — quite well — never better ; repeating the statement so often and so emphatically, that a less unsophisticated correspondent might have suspected it to be written with a motive. La Giulietta, however, had no such suspicion ; and her content was absolute. That there had been an affi ay of some kind that night under the gateway of the Osteria dell Cappello was certain ; and that 'Tonio Moretti had come to grief in that affray was no less certain. But that Cesare Donato was unhurt — not only unhurt, but entirely unaware of what had there taken place — was now quite evident. If it had been his blood ! This was the thought that crossed her mind, whenever she passed the spot. There was no faintest stain or trace left upon the stones ; but she could not look on them without shuddering. If it had been his blood ! If he had been found there in the morning, stark and white, with that knife-blade in his heait ! Or if, mortally wounded, he had been carried away, to die soon after in the nearest hospital. And if 'Tonio Moretti's hand had done the deed! .... The girl's heart was heavy with remorse when she remembered how quick she had been to assume the commis sion of a deadly crime, and to fix it upon an innocent man. She was, for the time, as sure of the fact as if she had seen the blow aimed, and her lover bleeding at her feet. And oh ! the storms of rebellious despair, of passionate hatred, that shook her very soul that terrible morning, while she waited, waited, waited for her Uncle Stefano's return! With shame and sorrow she remembered those sinful moments. Not till she should have confessed all to Padre Anselmo; not till she should have performed some just and fitting penance, could she feel innocent and happy again. Following the letter penned at sea, there next came one written in harbour at Trieste ; written, too, in characters so curiously cramped that La Giulietta did not at first sight recognise her lover's handwriting. The opening lines explained the cause of these crabbed hieroglyphs. Donato had hurt his right hand, nnd could with difficulty hold a pen. Heedless of the inconvenience he had gone on using the hand for some daye ; bat it now had- beccme bo swollen and so stiff that he feared his writing would be scarcely legible. He did not tell her how became by the injury; but he eo wrote about it that she concluded it to be a sprain, or a bruise, brought on by handling heavy goods_while the vessel was lading at Venice. f. The next letter consisted of only three lines. His hand had been dressed by a surgeon, and was now bound up ; so that to write was all but impossible. He was, in fact, for bidden to use it. Except as regarded this luckless hand, he was well ; and, as usual, very busy. Then came two days of silence, followed by a pencilled word, evidently written with extreme difficulty, in which he told her that he was just about to weigh anchor for An form At first, the girl had thought lightly enough of Donato's accident. A daughter of the people, she had not been so softly reared as that she should fret because her lover chanced to sprain a wrist, or bruise a finger. She would have been ashamed to take alarm at so trifling a mischance. But now, as day after day went by, she began to feel vaguely uneasy. ' I cannot think why his hand does not get well, little uncle ! ' she said, going back to the subject for the third or fourth time since Stefano Beni had come home from work. The wheelwright, smokiDg his after-supper pipe, shrugged his shoulders by way of answer. ''It has been going on for eight— nine— ten days; and getting worse instead of better.' ' Ay ; but those things, you know, are slow to cure.' ' Those things ! ' she repeated, quickly. ' What things ? He has never thought to tell me how it happened! I should feel easier if I knew exactly what was the matter.' ' Now, my litttle girl ; I think you are worrying yourself about nothing,' said old Stefano, kindly. ' Our Signor Capitano is not one to take notice of a trifle.' ' It may have been a trifle at the beginning ; but it is a trifle now? Remember Gaetano Alberi ! ' (Gaetano Alberi was a young cooper's apprentice, who had once upon a time lodged in the Osteria dell Cappello). 'That is not a case in point, my littJe girl. The lad was a beginner, and did not know how to handle his tools.' ' But it shows how a trifle may end. Every one said it was nothing at all — a mere scratch ! But his arm swelled and turned black ; and his teeth became fixed ; and the poor boy died of starvation ! ' ' That was from a wound, child ! He contrived to cut through some muscle in his hand ; and the place gangrened, and it brought on lockjaw. Who ever heard of lockjaw being caused by a sprain or a bruise? ' ' We don't know that is a sprain or a bruise. It may be wound ! ' she said, shudderingly. 'Not likely.' 'Not likely, do you say? You forget that 'Lina Pezzi never found the other half of that knife.' The wheelwright took his pipe from his mouth. He looked startled. 'Per Bacco!' Till this moment, he had never seriously connected Cosare Donato with that midnight scuffle under the archway. He had made certain that it was a mere vetturinos' quarrel, such as they had seen among the men in the courtyard, many a time already. But now, to be sure, the thing looked doubtful. There was 'Tonio Moretti's battered condition on the one hand ; there was Cesare Donato's accident on the other. As regarded time and place, the coincidence was strange, if fortuitous. The motive, again, would not be far to seek. Jealousy, opportunity, vengeance — no element of plot or passion was wanting f Therefore Stefano Beni's incredulity was at last shaken. Therefore he took his pipe from his lips, and exclaimed—' Per Bacco ! ' Then, talking it over with his niece, he counselled La Giulietta to press her lover for the facts, and to tell him everything. By ' every thing,' he meant all about 'Tonio Moretti's courtship and rejection; all about that broken knife-blade, and those pools of blood under the gateway. 'If he cannot use his hand,' said the wheelwright, ' he will get some one to write for him. At all events you will then know the worst.' The advice was good ; but, like good advice in general, it was hard to follow. How could La Giulietta write these things to her lover ? How could she tell him that long story about 'Tonio Moretti— 'Tonio the beaten, tbe battered, the rejected, of whom Cesare Donato knew not even so much as his name ? It would be ungenerous, and she could not do it. But she nevertheless wrote a letter that evening, when her uncle had gone to bed. In this letter, with such in sistence as her love and her fervid native tongue inspired, she entreated Donato to let her know exactly how he came by his accident ; above all, to toll her if it was a ' cut wound' — for of a 'cut- wound' in the hand, she enter tained the deadliest terror. Then, lest he should deem her anxiety baseless, she recounted the history of the lad Gaetano Alberi, telling how he had maimed his hand with an adze ; 'and how, although the injury was at first so slight that he scarcely even thought to bind the hand up, ho died at Ia6t in agony. ' He was the only son of a widow,' she wrote, ' and the widow lives still. She is very poor and solitary ; and she shares one small attic with another old woman as poor and solitary as herself. If I lost you, Cesare my well-beloved, I should pray to the Madonna to take me to you all at once— as I pray to her now to give you back to me'in safety.' It was a long letter — the longest the girl had ever written ; and she sat up writing it till an hour past midnight, by the great clock in the Piazza dei Signori. She heard its iron tongue above all the church clocks of Verona. But Cesare Donato's answer, written with almost all his accustomed freedom of pen, completely reassured her. He was now in harbour at Ancona, where he found her letter awaiting him. His hand was much better. The accident had been very slight ; so slight that he should not even have mentioned it to her except as it was necessary to account.forthe shortness of his letters and the imperfections of the writing. As for '? cut- wounds ' and 'lock-jaws' he laughed the idea to scorn. She must banish such ner vous fancies, for, in truth, nothing could be further from the facts. A little local inflammation, a little swelling, a little stiffness, and all was summed up. These syinptonn had now so far abated that by the time she should have received this letter he would have recovered the full use of his hand. ' There ! ' said Stefano Beni. ' Did I not tell you so ? If you want a downright answer, you must ask a down right question. There's nothing like plain dealing. And now, my little girl, I suppose your heart is set at rest? ' Yee ; her heart was set at rest. Once again she rejoiced in the blessed assurance of her lover's safety ; once again, too, she formally acquitted 'Tonio Moretti. And yet ? And yet, even now, Cesare Donato had not told her h )w he came by his accident ! Chapter LV. — ' Friexd Peter.' We have seen how the winter months were spent by Lancelot Brackenbury ; how, living a hermit- life among the ruins of Old Court, he drudged manfully through his multitudinous duties, and became, in very act and deed, his brother's successor. For Winifred Savage, the time went by more monotonously, but, on the whole, more happily. The woman's patience, the woman's adaptability to circum stances, were hers. She found herself, as it were, landed for awhile upon a quiet plateau whence she could look back upon the years that were gone, and forward to the years that were to come. And though her burden hitherto had not been exceptionally heavy, nor her path very thickly set with thorns ; yet some thorns there had been, and some weight of burden ; and at all events she was weary. So, being weary, she found it good and pleasant thus to rest awhile half-way between the old life and the new. And in what a peaceful round the days and weeks slipped by, repeating themselves like the refrain of an old- fashioned melody ! There were the morning hours of art-study in Herr Kriiger's atelier ; the afternoon walks with Katchen and Brenda, varied now and then, when the snow was hard, by a sleighing excursion to Schleissheim or Sehwaneck ; the quiet evenings given up to reading, working, and music ; the cheerful meals ; the simple worship at morn and even, when with' a prayer was begun, and with a hymn was ended, the labour of the day. But Winifred's happiest hours were those which she spent in her own pretty room— that boudoir-studio, with its windows looking to the Alps, which Lancelot had furnished with all things fair and fitting for her use. Here she loved to sit, reading the books he had given to her ; i thinking of him j writing to him ; dreaming dreams of the happy future; and enjoying a solitude that was never lonely. In that room, whichever way she turned, her eyesT rested upon something either beautiful in itself, or beautiful' ' in its association with beauty. On the walls, in plain black frames picked out with gold, hung a few good prints and etchings— the ' Belle Jardiniere ' of Kaffaelle ; Michael Angelo's' Vision of Ezekiel;' Titian's' Sacred and Profane Love ; ' a ' Coronation of the Virgin,' by Fra Angelico ; Albert Diirer's ' Saint Jerome in his Study ; ' Turner's ' Little Devil's Bridge ' and ' Norham Castle ' from the Libor Studiorum. For sculpture, there was a cast of the Venus of Melos, in half life-size ; a reduction of the ' Torso of the Belvedere,' colossal even in miniature ; the well-known bust of Augustus in the bloom of his beautiful and serious boyhood ; the pathetic head of Ger manicus ; a mask of Jupiter of Otricoli ; and a cast of the terrible right hand of Michael Angelo's ' Moses.' So much for the art that ennobled that homely upstairs room. For music, there was a little white-wood cottage piano of Zurich make, a pile of small volumes lettered Mozart, Haydn, Mendelssohn, Beethoven, Schubert. For reading, a tiny bookcase stocked with such books as Lancelot was sure she either loved already, or would love when she knew them ; Shakespeare first ; then Milton, Spenser, Wordsworth ; Homer and Plato in translations ; Bacon's and Macaulay'j? Essays ; some of Hazlitt, some of l)e Quinccy, some of Leigh Hunt ; Schlegel's ' Dramatic Literature ; ' Sir Joshua Reynold's ' Discourses ; ' Flaxman's ' Lectures on Sculpture ;' and the first two volumes (being all yet published) of a work called ' Modern Painters,' about which there was beginning to be much talk just now in the literary and artistic world. When to this catalogue are added the names of those old friends whom Winifred had brought with her from The Grange— Dante, Ariosto, White's ' Selborne,' Longfellow's ' Hyperion,' Tenny son's ' In Memoriam,' and Lane's translation of ' Tho Arabian Nights ' — it will be seen that she was sufficiently independent of Pastor Kreutzmann's learned shelves down stairs. Then, besides her prints, and her casts, and her books, there was an easel for her use, when she should be disposed to work at home ; a writing-table, a reading-desk, a lamp, chairs and a couch covered with shining chintz ; the inevitable German stove up in one corner ; and on a bracket between the windows, an elaborately carved Swiss clock, like an Oberland chalet, inhabited by the liveliest and most punctual of wooden cuckoos. There are few pleasanter tasks than that of guiding the footsteps of one whom we dearly love ; and Lancelot, while surrounding her with beautiful things, was in fact forming Winifred's taste in many matters of which till now she had known little or nothing. Her scanty education, and the profound retirement in which her three-and-twenty years of life had been spent, excluded her of necessity from the world of Art. She heard no music at Langtrey Grange ; she saw no pictures ; she had access to only a few books. And yet she was not ignorant. The books were few ; but it was surprising how much she had got out of them. It has often been said that to know one good book, and to know it thoroughly, is worth all the slight acquaintance with all the light literature in the world. Now' Winifred Savage's few books were of the best. She knew some of them — Dante. Shakespeare, and Milton — pretty nearly by heart ; and to be fast friends with any one of these three in in itself a liberal education. She owed her intimacy with Milton to the classic taste of old Lord Brackenbury, in whose estimation ' the poet blind yet bold ' stood second to none but Homer. He was wont to say that he regarded the appreciation or non-appreciation of ' Lycidas ' as the crucial test of a man's ability to enjoy poetry of the highest order ; and he made it his especial care so to educate Miss Savage's taste that she should not only feel the majesty of Milton's 'mighty line' in 'Paradise Lost,' but that she should also be' sensible of the learned pathos of his Doric elegy. Her copy ci Milton was one of hip many gifts, and it bore her name in his handwriting on the fly- leaf. For her knowledge of Dante, on the other hand, sho was indebted to CuthbertBrackenbury's rare Italian scholar ship. At one time, while as yet their engagement was tacitly understood rather than formally ratified, Winifred used quite 'regularly to read and analyse, with the young man's help, a page or two of the Divina Uomm-edia every Wed nesday afternoon ; that being the day on which he was wont, to pay his weekly visit at The Grange. These analytical readings led to the loan of many books from, the library at Brackenbury Court ; and Winifred, before she was seven teen, had read, or at all events skimmed, the majority of Guicciardini's twenty, and Sismondi's sixteen volumes ; to say nothing of Hallain and other writers on mediaeval literature. So much for her Milton and her Dante. These came to her, as ' the gifts of fortune,' from without ; but her Shakespeare, like reading and writing, seemed to come ' by nature.' It was, at all events, a home-found treasure. In the bottom of a dark and dusty cupboard in a little ground floor room where the old Squire, Winifred's grandfather, was wont erewhile to keep his accounts, his fishing-tackle, his pipes, tobacco, whips, spurs, ammunition, top-boots, and a miscellaneous collection of foxes' brushes, staffed birds, and the like, she one day found a precious store of Iong forgotfen books — some odd volumes of the ll Tatlcr' and 'Spectator,' Boswell's 'Life of Johnson,' a bundle of early numbers of ' The Gentleman's Map-azine,' a much thumbed Walton and Cotton's ' Compleat Angler,' and a battered copy of the Second Folio of Shakespeare, dated 1632\. It was such a shabby old book, so worm-eaten, dog eared and cropped, that it was a wonder it had not long since gone to light the fires, or old Squire Langtrey's pipes. The margins, too, were scribbled all over in places with childish pencillings ; while here and there laid carefully away between the leaves, were scraps of ancient newspaper cuttings, and receipts for themakicg of frumenty, syllabubs, and such other dainties, written in faint brown ink by the hand of some good housewife of perhaps more than a cen tury ago. The book, however, was very nearly perfect. It wanted only a page or two at the end, and half the title. The rare old portrait was there ; and Ben Jonson's verses on the opposite leaf were not missing. Lord Brackenbury, when he found his coal, was no- richer than Winifred Savage when she unearthed that dila pidated Shakespeare. It may, indeed, be doubted if the possession of the coal ever gave to any of its successive owners one tithe of tbe delight and enjoyment with which the lonely child (then little more than nine years of age) found herself suddenly landed on Prospero's enchanted isle, threading the green thickets of the Forest of Arden, listen ing to the hammering of the armourers in the camp at Agincourt, and to the melancholy wash of the waves where Tiraon lay ' entornb'd upon the very hem o' the sea.' For years— that is to say, up to the time when the great feud was made up, and books from Brackenbury Court began to find their way to Langtrey Grange— that volume repre sented her whole stock of imaginative literature. Story books, poetry-books, picture-books, she had none. While other girls of her age were reading Miss Edgeworth and Joanna Baillie, Winifred Savage was deep in Macbeth and King Lear. Thus it came to pass that she was very well-read and. very ill-educated. She could analyse Dante, but her igno rance of decimals was appalling ; and she knew nothing of ' dancing, deportment, and the use of the globes.' Though not, perhaps, quite duly sensible of the enormity of these shortcomings, the girl worked hard all through that winter in Munich. German she acquired, almost without being aware of it, and although it is not given to even a heaven-born genius to master the methods of Art in three months, she, at all events, learned to express rounded form in outline, and penetrated the mysteries of light, tone, and shadow. Above all, she acquired the invaluable art of' seeing [correctly; an art which most people lic-v they possess, but which is in truth as rare as that of rigtu thinking. For some weeks Herr Kriiger set his new pupil to draw from casts; and it was not till the crocuses lifted their yellow and purple heads above the snow in his neglected garden, that he one day put a lump of clay and some modelling tools before her, and bade her try to copy Michael Angelo's mask of a satyr. For this attempt she' got some praise, which on Herr Kriiger's lips was not common. 'Go on as you have begun,' he said, 'and you may compete at the Kunst-Verein next autumn.' Herfellow-etudents marvelled that, being thus encouraged the young Engianderinn only looked pleased, and was silent. 11 Had the master said that to me, I should have kissed his hand, and wept for joy ! ' Baid one. ' She did not utter a word ! ' exclaimed another. ' Ach Himmel ! these English are as cold as ice, and as proud as Lucifer !*?' chimed in a third. Sat Winifred knew that long enough before the time ft»X that autumn competition should come round, Bhe would have ceased to occupy an easel in Herr Kriiger's studio. And thus the winter and the early spring passed peace fully and profitably by. A happy time, barren of incident, 'rich in culture, fruitful in promise ! Once, and only once, did anything happen worthy to be called an ' event ; ' and that was when a plain open carriage drove up one bleak afternoon in March, and set down two gentlemen at the artist's door. They came, apparently, to inspect the class. One of these gentlemen was very deaf and fussy, and had an ear-splitting voice and a big knob on his forehead. The other — (Winifred became crimson when she saw him) —was that same, that very same, little old gentleman who had, on a certain never-to-be-forgotten occasion, emerged so in opportunely from behind a big tree by the riverside in the Englischer Garten. He looked as bright-eyed and sbrivelled-up as ever, and wore the same scrap of ribbon in his button-hole. When the class-room door was thrown open, and Herr Krttger appeared, ushering in the visitors, the students rose as bv a common impulse. But the deaf gentleman shook his head, and protested impatiently. 'No, no, no,' he said. ' No stopping '. no stopping '. I like to see them at work ! ' Herr Kriiger made a sign, and all resumed their seats. These were evidently visitors of some distinction — Art- inspectors, perhaps; rr, at all events, persons occupying some official position. AVhoever or whatever they might be, Winifred was thankful to shrink down before her easel, and hide her face over her work. Meanwhile the strangers went round ; the deaf gentleman stopping for a moment here and there, criticising freely and talking incessantly. ' What have we here — head of Lnoeoon ? Humph ! nose too short— corner of mouth not sufficiently drawn down. Try again ! try again ! And this—' 'Wingless Victory r ' So— Bas-relief very difficult. More difficult than round — oh, Herr Kriiger ? Not bad, however, not bad! Several new faces since I was hero last, Herr Kriiger. And who is this little maiden — Von Braun ? What Von Braun, eh V The Yen Brauns of Partenkirche ? Good— good. Drawing bonds and feet, eh ? Quite right. Beginners must go upon all-fours before they try to walk ! And the Fraulein in black, yonder r ' Herr Kriiger hastened to replj\ ' Fraulein Savage, your Majesty— a young English lady who is passing the winter in Munich.' But his Majesty heard not a word of the answer. ' What name?' he shouted impatiently. ' What name? Where from V Eh? eh? What— English ? Why didn't you Eay so at first? Very pretty, very pretty. A head for one of your Dianas or Uraniap, eh, friend Peter 'i '' And, passing his ann familiarly round the neck of the little old gentleman with the ribbon, his Majesty shuffled on, serenely unconscious that his hearers were not deaf, and that he was himself as deaf as a post. Winifred at once recognised this eccentric specimen of Royalty. She had heard too much of his bluntness, his oddities, and his deafness, not to be quite sure that she was in the august presence of the ex-King, Ludwig the first. But then who was the bright-eyed old gentleman of the Englischer Garten ? Who was * ? Friend Peter ? ' ' ' What ! Don't you know ? ' exclaimed the damsel who was copying the head of .Laocoon. ' Why, that is Peter von Cornelius !' This was when their Hoyal visitor had gone on to Herr Kriiger's private studio ; a* detached room at the farther end of the garden. ' Do you mean the Cornelius who painted the frescoes of Hie Glyptothek V ' asked Winifred, innocently. ' I mean the great Cornelius, Fraulein Winifred,' said the Bavarian girl with immense dignity. ' There is but one I Cornelius— as there is but one Michael Angelo. But have you not met him before? He bowed as if he knew you.' Winifred did not think it necessary to reply to this question. Such was the one 'event' which marked the placid course of her winter studies in Munich. In the meanwhile, however, as the spring came on, the time for Lancelot's return drew nearer. Ho was to come at Easter; and Easter would fall towards the end of , April. This by arid by resolved itself into a definite date. He decided to leave Old Court for London on the 17th of the month, and after spending a couple of days in town, to cross from Dover on the 20th. She might therefore expect to see him on the evening of the 21st. From the moment when these dates were finally fixed, the Intervening weeks seemed to melt away faster than the last hoar frosts of spring before the sun. 