ME. BURNETT'S OVERLA.ND JOURNEY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—According to promise I purpose this week giving your readers a brief account of the second part of my journey overland to Melbourne and back again to Jamestown.* On Thursday, March 24th, at midday, I left Mount Gambier in one of the Western stage company's coaches for Casterton, which was reached the same night at 8 p.m., where I found my old friend Mr. Nicholson, the father of the Rev. Joseph Nicholson, waiting to convey me to his home. Left at 5 a.m. next morning with the passengers who had arrived the previous night from Adelaide, and proceeded direct to Hamilton, where we arrived at 11.30 a.m., which afforded me ample time to see a few of our friends before the departure of the Portland train for Melbourne. How vividly did I recall my farewell visit to Hamilton 18 months ago, when crowds attended the mass meeting, and scores signed the pledge. My friend, the late Venerable Archdeacon limes, M.A.., one of my temperance converts, took part in that meeting, and the next morning I breakfasted with him at the parsonage. He commended me and my mission to God. I hoped often to meet him again, for he was in the prime of life. Your readers will remember that the Archdeacon, with J)is curate, and many of his parishioners, died last year 'of diphtheria. The Church of England in Victoria then lost one of her choicest and beBt clergymen. At 1 p.m. we left by train for Ararat, and then proceeded to Ballarat ana Melbourne, arriving at 10.30 p.m., or hours from Adelaide, inclusive of all the stoppages on the way. I broke my journey at Geelong, midday, between Ballarat and Melbourne, and received a warm welcome from my old friends Mr. and Mrs. Balding; The following mornings Saturday, I took the first train for Melbourne. During the morning I had the pleasure of renewing the acquaintance of the leading men of the metropolitan press, and of thanking them for the assistance they iiad rendered to me during my first year's work in South Australia. In the afternoon Mrs. Burnett and I spent four hours in the Exhibition, which even surpassed my most sanguine expectations. In many respects it reminded me of the Exhibition of 1862, with this difference, that the colonies and New Zealand were represented on a much larger Bcale. As the people of South Australia have read so many accounts of the Exhibition from the special correspondents of the Advertiser and Register, it is unnecessary for me to go into detail with the very limited space I have at my disposal. I may, however, just refer to the Victorian and New South Wales pyramids of gold, which stand out so prominently; also the copper raised in South Australia, which attracted crowds of people. Victoria, up to last year, had raised close upon One Hundred Millions of gold, and New South Wales, Thirty-three Millions. As a matter of course, I wended my way to the South Australian native scene, of which your readers have read so much, The figures are really good, and all its surroundings, and reflect great credit upon the gentleman who devised it. I recognised a host of old friends on passing through the different courts, among them our respected Chief Secretary, the Hon. W. Morgan, who had just arrived from Sydney, and who wa9 to leave for home by the next steamer. On the evening of the same day we called upon Mrs. Dare, widow of the late Doctor Joseph Dare. I observed hanging up in the dining-room a beautiful oil painting of the beloved doctor, which had been recently presented to Mrs. Dare by a number of gentlemen connected with Brunswick-street Church. At Mrs. Dare's I met my old friends the Rev. llalph Brown, J. G.Turner, and John Hardy, formerly a publican, one of my first converts to temperance and Christianity in Victoria, who has been the means under God of induciug upwards of 1000 persons to give up intoxicating drink; among them many confirmed drunkards. Whilst at Fitzroy we spent a pleasant halfhour with the Rev. J. S. Inskip and Mrs. Inskip, the distinguished Americans who, with Messrs. Osborne and Gardiner, had recently arrived from England and Ceylon, and where upwards of 5,000 persons had been benefited by their united efforts. The specific character of the Mission is to bring ministers, officers, and members of Christ's Church of every name into a much closer and real union with Christ. They feel that the " missing link" between the Church and the world is " holiness," to revive the doctrine of Bible holiness. These devoted servants of the Lord Jesus are now fast completing their tour round the world. Later on in the evening I visited my friend Doctor Waugh. president of Wesley College, who brought me his "red ribbon badge," which I invested him with the night when 200 persons took the pledge at a meeting over which he had presided. I regard the doctor an acquisition to the temperance cause. The following day was the Sabbath, and a blessed Sabbath it was to me. The Inskips and their co-workers were announced to open their mission that day in Wesley Church, the largest church in the city. Crowds attended the morning service, gathered from far and near; some I recognised from Jamestown. Mr. Inskip was the preacher. The sermon was on " Holiness," and occupied one hour. 1 could have sat much longer, as there are so many conflicting reports concerning Mr. Inskip, who is the centre and more prominent of tiie group. I may be permitted to furnish your readers with my own impartial opinion concerning him. The sermons 1 heard morning and evening in Wesley Church were clear and logical expositions of the subject with which he dealt. Though at times Mr. luskip became animated and really eloquent, there was nothing bordering on extravagance, either in manner or matter. His great aim evidently was, to use one of Dr. Talmage's familiar sayings, "to bring God's people of every name up higher," and he has succeeded. At the close of the morning service many believers knelt at the communion rail, and solemnly dedicated themselves to God. Others knelt in their pews. The felt presence of the Holy Ghost, the Sanctifier, was manifest everywhere. On the evening of the same day the church was again crowded to overflowing, and marvellous power attended the word spoken. Mrs. Inskip, who with her husband is over 60, but remarkably active, assists in all the services. Mrs.. Inskip presided at an American organ, and assisted by the lie v. A. Gardiner, who possesses a fine tenor voice, they sing together a variety of hymns. The choruses are taken by the four evangelists and the entire congregation. Mrs. Inskip occasionally addresses her own sex, and with happy results. Messrs. Osborne and Gardiner are spoken of as intensely earnest men. Mrs. Burnett, who has been associated nightly with the band, writes it is impossible to over-estimate their work among the churches. Whilst in Melbourne I was the guest of my old friend Mr. S. Smythe, of Flemington, where I met the Rev. J. F. Horsely, who was the principal cause of Mr. Inskip's band coming out to these colonies. As the mail closes in a few minutes, I can only add a a few more lines to my letter. On Monday, March, the 28th, I left Melbourne for Geelong, where I spent the morning visiting those who had lost friends. In the afternoon proceeded to Ballarat, where I met "Silver Pen," Mr. H. Henry, J.P., and my oldest friend in Victoria, Mr. David Hann, J.P., who accompanied me to Stawell, my destination that night. Mr. C. C. Forster, my former host, had invited several ministers aud friends to meet me, including one of my converts to temperance. On Tuesday the 29th, I joiued the overland mail at Ararat, and reached the beautiful city of Adelaide at a quarter past seven p.m. the following Thursday. After spending a little time with my children, I left the following morning for Evandale, where I spent a few hours at the rasidence of Mrs. Evans, spoke the same night in the Independent Church, left on Saturday at three a.m. for Caltowie, near Jamestown, having in 19 days travelled 1,600 miles. Excuse haste. Yours, dear Sir, faithfully, MATTHEW BURNETT. Gladstone, April 25th. The Belvidere Primitive Methodist Church held its anniversary services on Easter Sunday and Monday. On Sunday the Rev. H. Holmes, the circuit minister, preached twice to good congregations. On Monday a public tea was held, which was attended by visitors from far and near, including a number from Strathalbyn. At the public meeting which followed, the Rev. H. Holmes presided. Mr. Waters read the balance sheet, showing that with the proceeds of the present services the debt on the chapel had been reduced by £50 in three years. Speeches were delivered by Messrs. Hocking, Stanton, and Jackling. The children at the services sang very nicely under the leadership of Mr. J. Thomas. Votes of thanks closed the meeting, which was followed by a supper. 