IV- EFORE THE CURTAIN. — It is announced, and Mr. I fl J Punch has heard the announcement with extreme ) regret, that Mr. Dewhursthas nowconcludedhis long and II f — i enjoyable season at the Queen's Theatre. Merit is cer- ijl J tain of recognition at one time or another : and, after K a very hard and uphill journey, Mr. Dewhurst has demonstrated that he has merit of the highest order. This talented actor has had to play against crushing odds, and yet in spite of an indifferent company and some similarly unpleasant drawbacks, he has proved himself a great actor. He is now going away, and Mr. Punch wishes him fortune and success wherever he goes. He is not likely to be forgotten, and Mr. Punch has writ his name where every day he turns to look at it. That's something to be proud of, and Mr. Punch knows that Mr. Dewhurst will appreciate the high compliment paid him. Hundreds sigh and die for nothing like Such distinction, and lifetimes are spent in attaining it. When Mr. Dewhurst returns it is to be hoped he will secure the Theatre Royal and a company qualified to give him that support to which he is justly entitled. Mr. J. E. Kitts, a veteran manager, who has been before the theatre- going public since 1851, and who has marshalled some of the most successful companies through the colonies, and who for twenty years was the late Mr. Lyster's right hand, had a very successful benefit at the Queen's Theatre last night. A varied and interesting entertainment was provided. After having done service for over a quarter of a century, the Queen's Theatre, which at various times has been the home of equestrians and horses, of minstrels and song, and latterly of actors and drama, is to be demolished, and a new and palatial structure erected on its site. Mr. J. R. Greville is to be the lessee of the new theatre, Mr. Greville is an old and experienced manager, and he knows how to succeed. Mr. Punch is glad this popular house will have a popular manager, and that there is to be an additional lustre imparted to it in the sweet by- and-bye. The Opera House people have temporarily put up their shutters ; but Mr. Wilson is not likely to keep the theatre closed long, and when it reopens it will probably be with increased attractiveness. Mr. L. M. Bayless, Mr. Punch is glad to hear, has now secured the lease of the Gaiety Theatre, and has carried out a number of exten sive and elegant alterations. The theatre has always been most inviting, but Mr. Bayless intends making it more so, and he is the manager to carry out his intentions well and completely. Mr. Maccabe makes merry still at the School of Arts. That this entertainment is a popular one is attested by the immense numbers of people who nightly throng the Hall and witness the laughter- inspiring performances provided. The Ghosts, harmless and amusing, have possession yet of the Victoria Ha.ll, and Mr. D'Arcy Read's programme is one of strong and enjoyable interest. Barlow and Walhalla's Circus has taken up a station on the Hay- market, and the performances of a compact little troupe appear to have become popular. A women's (why will those interested persist in calling it a ladies' ?) Go-as- you-please is the reigning attraction at the Hippo drome. 'Madame Favart' is taking large audiences to the Theatre Royal. « Mr. L. M. Bayless announces the advent of the Mendelssohn Quintette Club. This famous troupe promises admirable entertain ments, and Mr. Punch anticipates a treat in hearing them. 