MARY MARSTON, BY DR. GEORGE MA.ODONALD. chapter xliv. J08BPH JABFHR. Another feet Mewks carried to his master— namely, that, as Mary came near the door of the bouse, she was met by "a rough-looking man," who came walking slowly along, as if he had been going, up and down waiting for her. He made her an awkward bow as she drew near, and' she stopped and had a long conversation with him—suoh at least it seemed to Mewks, annoyed that he could hear nothing of it, and fearful of attracting their attention—after which the man went away, and Mary went into the bouse. This report made his master grin, for, .through the description Mewks gave, he suspected a thief disguised as a workman; but his hopes being against the supposition, he dwelt the less upon it. The man who stopped Mary, and whom indeed, she would have stopped, was Joseph Jasper, the blacksmith. That he was rough in appearance no one who knew him would have wished himself able to deny, and one less like a thief would have been hard to find. His hands were very rough and ingrained with blaek: his fingers were long, but chopped oft square at the points, and had no resemblance to the long tapering fingers of an artist or pickpocket. His clothes were of corduroy, not very grimy, be cause of the huge apron of thick leather he wore at [his work, ;but they looked none the better that he had topped them with his tall Sunday hat.' His complexion was a mixture of brown and browner; bis black eyebrows hung far over the blackest of eyes, the brightest flashing of -which was never seen, because all the time he played he kept them closed tight. His face wore its natural clothing—a moustache thick and well-shaped, and a-bCard not'toh large,'ofa colour that looked like black b'nrned brown. Bis hair was black Bnd curled all over hia head. .His whole appearance was that of a workman; a careless glance Could never have suspected him a poet-musician; as little could even euch a glance have failed to see in him an honest man. He was powerfully built, over the middle height, but not tall. He spoke very fair old-fashioned English, with the Yorkshire toue and turn. His walk was rather plodding, and bis movements slow and stiff; bnt in communion with bis violin they were free enough, and the more delicate for the etrength that was in them ; at the anvil they were as supple as powerful. On his face dwelt an expression that was not to be read by the indifferent—a waiting in the midst of work, aa of a man to whom the sense of the temporary was always present, but present with the constant reminder that, just therefore, work mnst be as good as work c. r be, that things may last their due time. The following was the conversation concerning the purpose of which Mewks was left to what conjecture was possible to a serving-man of his stamp. Hury held out her hand to Jasper, and it dis appeared in his. He held it for a moment with a great but gentle grasp, and as he let it go, said:— " I took the liberty of watching for you, miss. I wanted to ask a favour of yon. It seemed to me you would take no offence." u You might be sure of that," Mary answered. " You have a right to anything I can do for yon." He fixed his gaze on her for a moment, as if he did not undeistand her. " That's where it is," he said; " I've done nothing for your people. It's all very well to go playing and playing, but that's not doing any thing , and if he bad done nothing, there would ha' teen no fiddling. You understand me, miss, I know; work comes before music, and makes the soul of it; it's not the music that makes the doing. I'm a poor hand at saying without my fiddle, miss; you'll excuse me." Mary's heart was throbbing. She had not beard a word like this—not since her father went to what people call the " loDg home"—as if a home could be too long! What do we want bnt an endless home?—only it iB not the gtave! She felt as if the spirit of her father had de scended on the strange workman, and had sent him to her. She looked at him with shining eyes, and did not speak. He resumed, as fear ing he bad not conveyed his thought. What I think I mean is, misB, that, if the working of miracles in bis name wouldn't do it, it's not likely playing the fiddle will." " Oh, I undeistand you so well!" said Mary, in a voice hardly her own, " so well! It makes me happy to hear you! Tell me what I can do for you." " The poor gentleman in there mast want all the help von can give him, and more. There mast be something left, ejjrely, for a man to do. He must want lifting at times, for instance, and that's not fit for either of yon ladies." '* Thank you," said Mary heartily. " I will mention it to Mrs. Helmer, and I am snre she will be very glad of your help sometimes." " Oonldn't yon ask her now, miss V I should like to know at what hour I might call. Bat perbapB the best way wonld be to walk abent here in the evening, after my day's work is over, and then you conld rnn down any time, and look out; that wonld be enongh; I shonld be there. Saturday nights I could just as well be there all night." To Tom and Letty, it seemed not a little peculiar that a man so much a stranger should be ready to walk about the street in order to be at hand with help for them; but Mary was only delighted, not surprised, for what the man had said to her made the thing not merely intel ligible, but absolutely reasonable. Joseph was not, however, allowed to wander the street. The arrangement made was, that, as soon as bis work was over, he should come and see whether there was anything he could do for them. And he never came but there was plenty to do. He took a lodging close by, that he might be with them earlier, and stay later; and when nothing else was wanted of him, he was always ready to discourse on his violin. Sometimes Tom enjoyed his music much, though he found no ,little fault with his mode of playing, for Tom knew something about everything, and could render many a reason; at other times, he preferred having Mary read to him. On one of these latter occasions, Mary, occupied in cooking something for the in valid, asked Joseph to tead to her. He consented, bnt read very badly—as if he had no understanding of the words, bnt, on the other band, stopping every few lines, apparently to think, and master what he had read. This was not good reading any way, least of all for an invalid who reqnired the soothing of half thought, molten and dilated in sweet, even monotonous sound, and it was long before Mary asked him again. Many things showed that he had had little education, and therefore probably the more might be made'of him. Mary saw that he must be what men call a genius, for his external history'had been, by nis own showing, of an altogether common-place type. Hia father, who was a blacksmith before him, and a local preacher, had married a eeoond time, and Joseph was the only chUd of the second marriage. His father had brought him np to his own trade, and, after his death, Joseph came to work in London, whither his sister had pre ceded him. He was now thirty, and had from the first been saving what he conld of his wages in the hope of one day having a smithy of his own, and his time more at hia ordering. Mary saw too that in his violin he possessed a grand fundamental undeveloped education; he was like a man going about the world with a ten-thousand pound note in his pocket, and not many sixpences to pay his way wieh. But there was another education working in him far deeper, and already more developed than that which divine music even was giving him; this also Mary thoroughly recognised; this it was in him that chiefly attraoted her; and the man himself knew it as underlying all his conscious ness. Though he conld ill read alond, he conld read well for his own inward nourishment; he could write tolerably, and if he conld not spell, that mattered a straw, and no more; he had never read a play of Bhakspeare— had never seen a a play; knew nothing of grammar or geography —or of history, exoept the one history com prising all. He knew nothing of science; but he could. shoe a horse as well as sny man in the three Hidings, and make his violin talk abont things far beyond the ken of moat men of soience. So mnoh of a change had {Missed upon Tom in his illness, that Mary saw it not unreason able to try upon him new and then a poem of her favourite singer. Occasionally, of oonrse, the feeling was altogether beyond him, but even then be wonld sometimes enter into the literary merit of the utterance. "I had no idea there were snch gems in George Herbert, Mary.'" he said once. " I declare some of them ate even in their structure finer than many thiDgs that have nothing in them to admire exoept the strnotore." "That is not to be wondered at," replied Mary. "No," said Joseph, " it is not to be wondered at; for it's clear to me the old gentleman plied a'good bow. X can see that plain enough." *" " Tell ne how you see it," said Mary, more interested than Bhe would have liked to show. "Easily," he answered. ' "There was one poem"—he pronounced it pome—" you read just now" " Which ? which ?" interrupted Mary eagerly. " That I cannot tell you; but all the time yon were reading it, I heard the gentleman—Mr. George Herbett, you call him—playing the tune to it." " If yon heard him so well," ventured M iry, " you could, X fancy, play the tune over again to us." "I think I could,"he answered, and rising, went for his instrument, which he always brought, and hung on an old nail in the wall the moment he came in. He played a few bars of a prelude, as if to get himself into harmony with the recollection of what he had heard the master play, and then began a lively melody, in which he seemed as usual to pour out his eonl. Long before he reached the end of it Mary had reached the poem. " This is the one you mean, is it not ?" she said, SB soon sb he had finished—and read it again. In his tntn be did not speak till she had ended. " That's it, miss," he said then;" I can't mis take it,' for, the minute you began there was the old gentleman again with his fiddle. "find you know nov what it says, don't you ?" asked Mary. "I beard nothing bat the old gentleman, answered the musician. Mary turned to Tom. " Would you mind if I tried to show Mr. Jasper what I see in the poem ? He can't get a hold of it himself for the master's violin in his ears; it won't let him think about it." "I should like myself to hear what you have got to say abeut it, Mary! Go on," said Tom. Mary had now for a long time been a student of George Herbert; and anything of a similar life-experience goes infinitely further to make one understand another, than any amount of learning or art. Therefore, better than many a poet, Mary was able to set l'orth the soopd and design of this one. Herself at the heart of the secret from which came all his utterance, she conld fit herself into most of the convolutions of the shell of bis expression, and was hence able also to make others perceive in his verse not a little of what they were of themselves unable to see. "We shall have you lecturing at the Royal Institution yet, Mary," Baid Torn; "only it will be long before its members care for that sort of antique, Tom's insight had always been ahead of his character, and of Late he had been growing. People do grow very. faBt in bed sometimes. Also he had in him plenty of material, to which a childlike desire now began to give shapes aud sequences. The musicians's remark consisted in taking his violin,' and once more giving his idea of the "old gentleman's." music, bat this time with a richer expression, and falter harmonies, Mary had every reason to be satis fied with her experiment. From that time she talked a good deal more aboat her favourite writers, aud interested both the critical taste of Tom and the artistic instinct of the blacksmith. But Joseph's playing had great faults; how could it be otherwise? and to Mary great seemed the pity that genius should not be made perfect in faculty, that it should not have tbat redemption of its body for which unwittingly it groaned. And the man was one of those childlike natures which may indeed go on a long time without discovering this or that ex ternal fault in themselves, patent to the eye of many an inferior onlooker, for the simple soal is the last to see its own oatside—but once they become aware of it, begin that moment to set the thing right. At the same time he had hot enough of knowledge to render it, easy to show him by words wherein any fault consisted—the nature, the being of the fault, that is—what it simply was; but Mary felt confident that, the moment he saw a need, he would obey its law. She had taken for herself the rooms below, formerly occupied by the Helmers, with the hope of seeing them before long reinstated in them; and there she had a piano, the best she could afford to hire. With its aid she hoped to do something towards the breaking of the invisible bonds that tied the„wings_of Jasper s genius. His great fault lay in his time. Dare I sug gest tbat he contented himself with measuring it to his inner ear, and let his fingers, like horses which he knew he had safe in hand, play what pranks they pleased ? A reader may, I think, he measuring verse correctly to himself, and yet make of it nothing but rugged prose to his hearers. Perhaps this may be how severe masters of quantity in the abstraot are so care less of it in the concrete — in the audible, namely, where alone it is of valne. Shall X analogize yet a little further, and. suggest the many who admire righteousness, and work iniquity; who say, " Lord, Lord," and seldom or never obey ? Anyhow, a man may have a good enough ear, with which he holds all the time a secret understanding, and from care lessness offend grievously the ears he ought to please; and it was thus with Joseph Jasper. Mary was too wise to hurry anything. One evening when he came^as;uaual, and she knew he was not at the moment wanted, she asked him to take a seat while she played something to him. Bat she was not a little disappointed in the reception he gave her offering—a delioate morsel from Beethoven. She tried something else, but with no better result. He showed little interest; he was not a man oapable of showing where nothing was, for he never meant to show anything; his expression was only the ripple of the nnconsoions pool to the sway and swirl of the fishes below. It seemed as if he hsd only b narrow entrance for the admission of music into his understanding—bat a large oat let for the spring that rose within him, Bnd was therefore a somewhat remarkable exception to the common run of mortals ; in them the capacity for reception far exceeds the capability of production. His dominant thoughts were in musical form, and easily found their expression in music; but, mainly no doubt from want of practice in reception, and experience of variety in embodiment, the forms in which others gave themselves utterance could not with correspond ing readiness find their way to the sympathetic place in him. Bat pride or repnlsion had no share in this defeot. The man was open and in spired end stupid as a child. The next time ehe made the attempt to open this channel between them, something she played did find him, and for a few minutes he seemed lost in listening. " How nice it would be," she said," if we could play together sometimes!" "Do you mean both at once, miss?" he asked. "Tea —you on your violin, and I on the piano." "That could hardly be, I'm afraid, miss," be answered; " for, you see, I don't know always —not exactly—what I'm going to play; and if X don't know, and you don't know, how are we to keep together ?" " Nobody can play yonr own things but your self, of course—that is, until you are able to write them down ; bai if yon would learn some thing, we could pls^r that together " u I'dbn't know how to learn. I've heard tell of the notes and all that, but I don't know how to work them." " You'have heard the choir in the church— all keeping with the organ?'', said Mary. " Scarcely since I was a child—and not very often then—though my mother took me some times. But I was always wanting to get out egain, and gave no heed." " Do you never go to chnrch now ?" " No, miss—not for long. Time's too precious to waste." ' •' How do you spend it then ?" " As soon as I've had my breakfast—that's on a Sunday, I mean—I get up and lock my door, and set myself to have a day of it. Then I read the next thing where I Btopped last— whether it be a chapter or a verse—till I get the sense of it—if I can't get that it's no manner of use to me; and I generally know when I've got it by finding the bow in one hand and the fiddle in the other. Then, with the two together, I go stirring and stirring about at the story, and the music keeps coming and coming ; and when it stops, which it doeB sometimes all at onoe, then 1 go back to the book." " But yon don't go on like that all day, do yoo ?" said Mary. " I generally ge on till I'm hangry, and then I go oat for something to eat My landlady won't get me any dinner. Then I come back and begin again." "Will yon let me teach yon to read music?" said Mary, more and more delighted with him, and desirous of contributing to his growth—the one great service of the universe. " If yoo would, Mies, perhaps then I might be able to learn. You see I never was like other people. Mother was the only one that didn't take me for an innocent. She used to talk big things about me, .and the rest used to laugh at her. She gave me her large Testament when she was dying, bat if it hadn't been for Ann, I should never have been able to read it well enough to nnderstand it. And now Ann tells me I'm a heathen, and worship my fiddle, becsnse I don't go to chapel with her; but it do seem each a waste of good time. I'll go to church, though, Miss, if you tell me it's the right thing to do; only it's hard to work all the week, and be weary all the Sunday. I should only be longing for my fiddle all the time. You don't think, Miss, that a great person likn God cares whether we pray to him in a room or in a churoh?" " No, I don't" answered Mary. " For my own part, X find I can pray best at home." "So can I," said Joseph, with solemn fervour. " Indeed, Miss, I can't pray at all times till I get my fiddle under my chin, and then it says the prayers for me till I grow able to pray myself. And sometimes when I seem to have got to the outside of prayer, and my 6oul is hungrier thau ever, only I can't tell what I want, all at once I'm at my fiddle again, and it's praying for me. And then sometimes it seems as if I lost myself altogether, and God took me, for I'm nowhere and everywhere all at once." , Mary thought of the " groanitigs that cannot be uttered." Perhaps that is just what music is meant for—to say the things that have no shape, therefore can have no words, yet are intensely alive—the unembodied children of thought, the eternal child. Oertainly the musician can groan the better with the aid of his violin. Surely this man's instrument was the gift of God to him. All God's gifts are a giving of himself. The Spirit can better dwell in a violin than in an ark, or in the mightiest of temples. But there was another side to the thing, and Mary felt bonnd to present it. " But you know, Mr. Jasper," she said,11 when many violins play together, each taking a part in relation to all the rest, a much grander musio is the resnlt than any single instrumenc could nrA/lnnA." " I've beard tell of each things, Miss, bat I've never heard them." He had never been to concert or oratorio, any more than the play. "Then you shall hear them," said Mary, her heatt filling with delight at the thought. "Bat what if there shoald be some way in which the prayers of all souls may blend like many violins P We are all brothers and sisters, yon know—and what if the gathering together in church be one way of making up a conoert of souls ?—Imagine one mighty prayer made up of all the desires of all the hearts God ever made, breaking like a huge wave against the foot of his throne!" " There would be some force in a wave like that. Miss!" said Joseph. " But answer me one question—ain't it Christ that teaches men to pray ?" " Surely," answered Mary. " He taught them with his mouth when he was on the earth; and now he teaches them with his mind." "Then, Miss, I will telh you why it seems to me that churches can't be the places to tune the fiddles for that kind of concert—and that's jast why I more than don't care to go into one of them; I never heard a sermon that didn't seem { to be taking my Christ from me, and burying him where I should never find him any more. For the somebody the clergy talk about is not only nowise like my Christ, but nowise like a live man at all. It always seemed to me more like a guy they had dressed up, and called by i his name, than the man I read about in my mother's big Testament." "How my father would have delighted in this man !"said Mary to herself. "Ton see, Miss," Jasper resnmed, "I can't help knowing aomething about these matters, because I was brought up in it all, my father being a local preacher, and a very good man. Perhaps if I had been as clever as sister Ann, I might be thinking now 'jnst as she does; but it seems to me a man that is born stupid has muoh to be thankful for; he can't take in things before his heart's ready for believing them, and so they don't get spoiled, like a child's book before he's able to read it. All that I beard when I went with my father to his preaohings was to me no more than one of the chapters fall of names in the Book of Chronicles—though I do remember once hearing a Wesleyan clergyman say that he bad got great spiritual benefit from those chapters. I wasn't even frightened at the awful things my father said about hell, and the certainty of our going there if we didn't lay bold upon the Saviour; for, all the time, he showed bat snch s ghost or clond of a man that he called the Savionr, as it wasn't possible to lay hold upon. Hot that I reasoned abont it that way then: I only felt no interest in the affair; and my conscience send nothing abont it. Bat after my father and mother were gone, and I was at work away from all my old friends—well, I needn't tronble you with what it was that set me a thinking—it was only a great disappoint ment, such as I suppose most young fellows have to go through— I shouldn't wonder," he added with a smile, " if that was what yon ladies are sent into this world for—to take the oonoeitont of the likes of us, and give ns something to thinkabont. What came of it was, that I began, to read my mother's big Testament in earnest; and then my conscience began to speak. Here was a man that said he was God's son, and seat by him to look after ns, and we must do what be told, or we shoald never be able to see our Father in heaven! That's what I made out of It, MisB. And my conscience said to me, that I most do as he said, seeing he had taken all that trouble, and ceme down to look after us. If he spoke the troth, end nobody could listen* to him without being sore of that, there was* nothing left bat jast do the thing he k»jd. So I set about getting a hold of anything he did say, end trying todo it," £nd then it teas that I first began to he: able 3io play on 'the fiddle, though I had been muddling away m it for a long time before. I knew I could play then,., because I understood what'it said to me, and gotbelpootof .it. I don't really mean that,, you koow,_MiBi; for I know well enough that the fiddle in itself is nothing, and nothing is anything but tbe way God takes to teaoh as. And that's how I came to know yon, Miss." " How do yon mean that ?' asked Mary. '• I nsed to be that frightened of sister Ann • that, after I came to London, I wouldn't have gone near her, hnt that I thought Jeans Ohrist wonld have me go ; and if I hadn't gone to see - her I should never have seen you. When I went - to see her I took my fiddle with me to take care < of me; and when she wonld be going on at me I wonld jnst give my fiddle a squeeze under my arm, and that gave me patience." "But we heard yonplaying to her, you know."' " That was because I always forgot myself while she was talking. The first time, I remem ber, it was from misery; what she was saying Bounded so wicked, making God oat not fit for any honest man to believe in. I began to play without knowing it, and it couldn't have been very load, for she went on abont the Devil pick ing np tbe good sped sown in the heart. Off I. went into that, and there I saw no end of birds with long necks and short legs gobbling np the corn. Bat a little way off there were the long,. beautiful stalks growing Btrong and high,. waving in God's wind; and the birds did not go near them." Uary drew a long breath, and said to herself— "The msn is a poet!" " You're not 'afraid of yonr sister now ?"she said to him. "Hot a bit," he answered, "Since I knew yon I feel as if we had. in a sort of a way changed places, and she was a little girl that must be ho moored and made the best of. When ehe scolds I laugh, and try to make a bit of fan. with her. Bat she's always so sore she's right - that yoH wonder how the world got made before - ehe was np." They parted with the understanding that whon he came nest she ehonld give him bis first ■ lesson in reading mnsio. With herself Mary made merry at the idea of teaching the man of: genius his letters. Bnt when once, through trying to play with her one of bis own pieces which she had learned from hearing him play it, he had discovered. how imperative it was to keep good time, he • set himself to the task with a determination. that would have made anything of him that he - was only half as fit to become as a musician. When, however, in a short time he was able to learn from notes be grew so delighted with some of tbe mnsio Mary got for him, entering into every nicety of severest law, and finding therein a better liberty than that of improvisa tion, that he ceased for long to play anything of his own, end Mary became mortally afraid lest,, in developing the performer, she had ruined the composer. "How can I go playing such loose, skinny things," he wonld say,when here are such per fect shapes all ready to my hand !" Bnt Mary said to herself that, if these were shapes, bis were odonrs. 