'lits hias Notlhligi to do with the . ewcaistle Cetsetery. WE can hardly expect a very large proportion of':our',?readers to implicitly believe ,the sti'ango . narrative which follow.'.' ,Scientific men--more especi ally physicians and chemists--who have paid any'attention to the subject of .which we )are about to give so curious .n 'illustration, will, of course, set a proper hluei'upon the' facts fur nished ; bht wo shall not complain if. the general public should regard them as too strange to bIe, true. All we have to say to the latter 'class is that we have carefully and personally in vestigated the priucipal facts, and have receive;d the ininor 'details 'from sources Which are indisputably reliable. Near the terminus of the California street railroad, and lying immediately at the foot of the beautifal slope which forms Laurel lIil 'Cemietery, is a cer tain' private residence which is an eki, cellent type of a snug and comfortable San Francisco home. The house, which is moderate in size; is sur rounded by ample grounds and em bosomed among trees of most luxuriant growth. A singular "profusioli of foliage is, indeed, the principal fealure of tie adjacent region. The soil is of alnost phenomenal fertility. Nor is this the result of careful cultivation, for the residents of the neighbourhood declare that fruits, flowers, vegetables and trees spring from the rich soil as if by magic. Tbe most curious thing about it is, however, that while vege table life is now so exuberant in this favoured spot, it is only a few years since it was as barren as tne sandy desert in which it stands as a delightful oasis. Though the vicinity has always been pleiitifully supplied with water, which filters down from the hill above, and is used from artesian wells by every house in the neigbourhood, the one we speak of included, yet the soil still remained ungrateful and un productive sand until the cemetery was laid out, while in proportion as the beautiful City of the Dead on the hill-side has extended its limits and increased its population, so has the little paradise in the hollow below augmented in natural luxuriance. These facts may appear unimportant and irrelevant, but the reader will find that they are not so. In thie house at the foot of the hill- the pretty home peeping out through its treess at the great, picturesque treasure house of Death on the opposite slope lived until recently a family named, let us say, Jones. Mr. Jones is a success ful business man here-a good fellow, ntaurally of aif extremely practical turn of mind. He was married some years ago, and shortly afterward moved into his present residence.- His wife, a charming lady well uinown in San Francisco society at first objected to living in such' close proximity to the ghostly and silent metropolis on the hill 'but betw';en'her husband's mock ery of her fears and her own admiration of the place, she soon succumbed. -It is true that her mind was never quite' easy on the subject of the cemetery. On moonlight nights, when her hus band was at the club or the lodge she would sit at one of the front windows and, filled with foolish fdncies, would watch the shadows among the waving pines and cypresses; or on some dark, stormy nights she would think she' heard the voices of the damned wailing through the gravestones and the trees ; but, except on these occasions, she gave little thought to the matter. There was plenty of society at the Jones house, and, among all the friends who called, there was none nearer or dearer than a gentleman-whom we Will call Mr. Smith. He was a little blue eyed, red-haired man, who had been Jones's chum and jid?zs ALhsates in the days of'the latter's bachelorhood. He had even been Jones's rival for the present Mrs. J. But this had not altered their friendship, and at least twice a week Smith dined with his old crony. He was even more severe on Mfrs,"Jones for her dread of the ghosts than her husband was, aid among other chaff which he volunteered when the subject came up was a wish that, if he died before her, he might be buried on a little rise just within the wall of the cemetery and just opposite the house. " If there aer such things as ghosts," said he, laughingly, " I will take care that mine keeps the rest away from you.", Now, it happened that Smith did die, and was buried on the very spot he had indicated, whether out of defer ence to his wishes or because Mrs. Jones set some value on his promise of protection, we are unable to say. A few months after this a son and heir was born to the house of Jones, to the infinite delight of its parents. The babe waxed strong in the sight of God and man, and grew .exceeding fair to behold. He grew altogether too fair,. in fact. His parents were both darlk complexioned, yet this son of theirs was radiant as Apbllo~ with his blue eyes, fair' skin, and hair:that anybody but his mother Would,: have called a fiery red. -But "this' Wasn't the worst of it. In addition'to these peculiari ties--in expression, disposition, every thinig-:the infdnt :Jones was tho fac" similn? ':a?'?d ' precise ' cos'smteipait of the defuanbt Smith.' Let us draw a vail over the trouble whiohfollowed. What husband would not' be disturbed under such circum stances ? Surprise gave way to suspi cion, and suspicion tO fierce ac~isa tions, which were tearfully denied by the unhappy little mother. 'It is not difficult to imagine what this state of affafirs would have led to, but for another extraordinary occur rence which now happened. Jones and his wife began to bleachr out, as it were. Day by day their hair grew lighter, their complexion fairer, their eyes bluer, until they, too, in appear ance and expression, might have been taken for tle brother and sister of the deceased Smith. This phenomenon was so utterly inexplicable, and so hor ribly suggestive of the supernatural, that every effort was made to keep the 'matter secret. The wretched pair jconfined themselves closely to their home,-ind quietly made arrangemenba ;foi departing for parts unkmown. Now, is so happened that a certain 'learned scientific man, well known in !this city for his knowledge and scholar ship, was a close friend of the Jones family, and had carefully watched the strange trausformatiou of his friends' from the outset. Without sayingany thing about it, he quietly but resolutely :set about solving the mystery, and in ;this task was greatly aided by a long considered theory of his owil. as will be made more apparent directly. One evening Dr. Brown, as we will 'call the sanmzt, called' on the Joneses in a state of unusually high spirits, not unmixed, however, with an air of mystery. After a few words of con versationi ho rose and beckoned the blonde, but sad, parents to follow'him into the seclusion of the library. hIaving carefully closed the door, he produced from his pocket a small phial, and said, in a low impressive voice : "E]ureka !" His astonisded hosts listened re spectfully to this quotation from the coat-of arms of California, and wailted for him to proceed,'which he did in the following words: " I have discovered," he said, " the cause of your strange transformation. I have long suspected it, and am now able to prove' that my theory was right. In this phial, which, you observe, is labelled Essence of "Sith, there is sufficient material for naking twenty people, I don't care if they are negroes, exactly like'your late friend Smith. Where did I get it? What isit? I will tell you. I gotitoutof your artesian well, and it is the water of that well-reduced by chemical pro cess from several hundred gallons down to the contents of this tiny bottle. You know that I have always maintained the belief that the singular fertility ef this hollow was due to the decomposed matter filtered down from the gra-eyard on the hill opposite. I argued to myself that if this nutriment could give such life and vigor to fruit and vegetables, it must also have an effect on the animal life which feeds on those products of the soil, or which drinks the water that has brought the fertilizing down here. The process to which I have subjected this water I will not now explain. Suffice it to say, that my experiments upon both it and the vegetables in your garden, confirm my theory beyond all doubt. I have even gone so far as to try the effects of the water in a prepared state upon a dog of mine. In three weeks his hair turned from black to red, and he is growing more like Jones in the face every day. The fact is that your well is fed from a spring which rises above Jones' grave, and filters directly through it. 'The entire hillside is full of such springs, and if the other resi dents of the neighbourhood are not troubled as you have been, it i~ only because they never saw the people whose likeness they are gradually taking on, or because their well-water has filtered through so many graves that all identity is lost. Such was the Doctor's explanation of the singular: Jones' transformation, and we believe it is the correct one. In a recent conversation he promised us further particulars, as well as a detailed scientific elucidation of the matter. He is actively pursuing his inquiries, and declares that, by the aid of portraits in his possession; he will soon be able to establish the likeness between several people living near the cemetery and others long dead, who are buried in it. Whether he can db so or not, we cannot tell; but in any case his theory is not a pleasont one for the residents about Laurel Bill and Lone Mountaiu to contemplate.-S nn Frazncisco News Letter, June 4, 1881. 