More Ghosts. [From All the Year Hound.] C. Abbey, in Cheshire, th^ ancestral Beat of the C. family, is the scene to which £hp writer invites the reader's attention. The old part of this fine old mansion has been made into bedrooms and offices, not being in keeping with thi splendor of modern requirements. Thus, what used to be called the "coved saloon" was first degraded into a nursery, and is now used as a bedroom. When the late Lord C. grew old, this room, in which he had played as a child, was occupied by his niece, Miss P., who before her marriage resided in the house. Lady O.'s dressing-room was only divided from the " coved saloon" by a short corridor. Oue evening Miss P. was alone dressing for a very late dinner, and as she rose from her toilet-glass to get some article of dress, she saw standing near her bed—a little iron one, placed out in the room away from the wall—the figure of a child dressed in a very qnaint frock with an odd little ruff round its neck. For some moments Miss P. stood and stared, wondering how this strange little creature could have entered her room. The full glare of the candles was upon its face and figure. As she stood looking at it, the child began to run round and round the bed in a wild distressed way, with a look of suffering in its little face. Miss P., still more sod more surprised, walked up to the bed and stretched out her hand, when the - child suddenly vanished, how, or where, she did not see, but, apparently, into the floor. She went at once to Lady C.'s room and enquired of her to whom the little girl could belong she had just seen in her room, expressing her belief that it was supernatural, and describing her odd dress and troubled face. The ladies went down to dinner, for many guests were staying in the house. Lady C. thought and thought over this strange appearance. At last she remembered that Lord C. had told her that one of his earliest recollections Was the grief he felt at the sudden death of a little sister of whom he was very fond, fourteen years old. The two children had been playing together in the nursery—the same "coved saloon," running round and round the bed—over night. £ the morning when he woke he was told she had died in the night, and he was taken by one of the nursery-maids to see ber laid out on her little bed in the "covedsaloon." The sheet placed over her was removed to show him her face. The horror he had felt at the first sight of death made ao vivid an impression on him, that in extreme old age he still recalled it. The dress and face of the child, as described by Miss P., agreed precisely with his remembrance of his sister. Both Lady C. and Miss P. related this to the writer. Dr. Gason. a physician resident at Rome, very old and esteemed friend, told the writer what follows :— ' I waa called to attend an English girl at Home, Miss P., living with her aunt, Mrs. Evans. From the first I saw it was a case that must end fatally. I became greatly interested in my patient,, and attended her more as a friend, at last, than as a doctor. When she became worse my wife and I took turns to sit up during part of the night, so as to allow Mrs. Evans to have some hours' rest. ' I was sitting, about two in the morning, in the Baloa of the apartments occupied by these ladies. Like many small apartments abroad, the bedrooms opened from this central room. On my left was Mr». Evans's room, where she then lay asleep. On the right was my poor patient's room. Both doors were open to enable me to hear the one, and to call the other. Z was sitting in the furthest part of the salon, which was lighted by a lamp. I was as wide awake as I am now. I had just turned up the lamp, thinking that it grew dim, when I saw a figure dressed in white pass out from Mrs. Evans's door into Miss P.'s room. As it slowly moved along the other end of the salon from where I sat, I did not distinctly see the face or features, but the unusual dress, and ashadowy look about the figure, which glided rather than walked, surprised me... • - -X concluded, however, as I sat looking at it in the somewhat dim light, that it must be Mrs. Evans who had gone to look at her poor niece, dressed in some bedroom tiolet new to me. "But, as she did not return, I rose and looked into her door. Mrs. Evans was fast asleep in her bed, I then went into Miss P.'a room, who lay in a troubled doze. "I was shocked at the sudden change in hear appearance since I saw her an hour before. Death was in her face, which had from -white turned now to an «shy grey color. About 5 o'clock I called up her aunt to take my place. On retiring about 10 o'clock in the morning, I could not help questioning Mrs. Evans aa to whether she bad gone late into ber niece's room. "It was not I,' she replied. I-never moved from the time I lay down until you'called me.' When I went into Miss P.'s room, she Was sinking rapidly. She clasped my hand with, all her remaining strength, and began speaking quickly, but very indistinctly. I understood ber to say, 'Oh, Dr. Gason, I am so glad you are come—I can die now—I have something to tell you—a white figure in the night—the figure of Ob, do try and understand me—the white figure ' These words were repeated many times; but the poor girl spoke so low, and she breathed with such difficulty, that it was impossible for me to catch her meaning. Most painful was the struggle to tell me what waa on her mind. To the last she held my hand, and her lips moved, but no sound came from them, and in half an hour she was dead." "I love thee, I love thee, 'tis all I can say," spooned a gushing youth to his favorite barmaid. " Yes, so I've noticed," said the girl. *• And that won't do for me. Give me the man who'll go further and say he'll marry me at once, and I'll talk to him." A 