CHILTERN SHIRE COUNCIL. Federal Standard. It is time the ratepayers of Chiltern should begin to reckon with their local council. The audacious attempt made at the last meeting of that council, of intro- UUUlLig bLLC bum CUU Ui Llio >YCU£C IU , constructing a road leading from Christ mas Town to Barnawartha, shows which way the wind blows. If we add to this the revival of the matter of the old road by Dillon's paddock, there can be no shadow of doubt that the time has come for remonstrance. The petitioners for the Christmas Town and Barnawartha road," it is true, only ask for a survey, but that once made, the making of a road must follow. It will be in the natural course of things, sooner or later; but when backed up by municipal argument that result, it may be guessed, will . be very much sooner or later. "Were the proposed road of any utility to the public there would only be the question to consider whether municipal money could not be better expended elsewhere ; but as it would be principally used by the time- honored mail and boy, there seems little occasion to entertain the proposal of surveying it. To survey it, as we have said, means its ultimate construction. If it does not, it is simply throwing away good money for & useless purpose. There are already very good roads m every direction which connect Christmas Town and Barnawartha with the outer world. If they are not good enough, it would be better to make them better by the expen diture of any surplus money upon them, rather than create new ones that will assist iu impoverishing all the roads. If the Christmas Town and Barnawartha direct line of road question is an impu dent attempt at diverting public money in the channel of public gain, what shall be said of the revival of the ghost of Dillon's road? It is only a ghost of a road, so that we use no fancy term in calling it such. It has no shape or being except in the imagination of certain people, for it is not to be found on any authorised map nor is it acknowledged by the De partment of Lands and Survey. When the question was up for discussion before — only a few bare months ago — that Departmen declined to survey a road there, and said if it was to be done, the Chiltern Shire Council should bear the expense. Councillors will correct us if a letter to this effect is not to be found in their archives. It was thought the ghost had been laid long ago, but here we have it again under new friends and patrons. This time it is the purchasers of Dillon's paddock, Messrs Merton and Woods, who again introduce it to the notice of the council. Instead of repudiating it, or getting rid of it as before, the council in its wisdom are for patronising it, and are dangerously approaching the period when it is too late to retract, and when a road by Dillon's paddock will involve the Council in endless litigation, if it does not absorb a proportion of the municipal in come utterly unproportionate to its uses. Like other great private swindles, the matter of Dillon's road was originally introduced to the notice of the council by petition. The petitioners averred it would be of the utmost use to them in approach ing their market town, Chiltern. It is astonishing what bad memories some people have, and what fibs petitions do tell. Some years back a petition was pre sented to the Council of Chiltern Shire from the very settlers and residents of that part of the country which it is now alleged Dillon's road would benefit. The old noHHrvn iornored altogether the maenificent three-chain ghost by Dillon's paddock, possibly because at that period it had not a shadow of existence ; but it went on to ask for another parallel road which it was stated would perfect the means of com munication with Chiltern. The council of the day made the road asked for by the petitioners. It is still used by them, and until it was considered necessary to invoke the assistance of signatures to a new document, there was not any thought of, or expression of desire, to get a new road. It would be refreshing if the coun cil would allow us to publish the old and the new petitions side by side. Till this is done the council's honesty in dealing with our public affairs will always be suspected. The ghost of the road by Dillon's pad dock had its origin in a way that has a curious look about it. It was raised about the period wnen tne unutern v auey Mining Company began work at their present shaft, and when it was found room would be required for their sludge and water. There might or might not have been considerable misunderstanding be tween the owner of Dillon's paddack and the Chiltern Valley Company as to the right to mine in the paddock. Of this we know nothing- Nor ought we to be sur prised if all that was meant by the owner of Dillon's paddock was to interpose a read between him and the coming deluge. But what have the ratepayers of the shire to do with the disagreeables that may arise between private individuals ? In the first place, the ghost is of no use as a roadway to the settlements beyond; that all the farmers and settlers themselves say, or, at least, allow in their first petition. Se condly, an equivalent road has already been made at the ratepayers' expense. And last, but not least, the ownership of a road by Dillon's paddock means acting as a sort of buffer between two belligerents, without, as we have shown, being of the slightest value to the owner. In at present leaving the matter of the two audacious attempts we have been speaking of as misleading the council, we must draw public attention to a fact closely related thereto. If the fact is not closely related, it will have to be made so. The urgency for the construction of useless roads all eomes from the outer, or Indigo, Riding. It would not even make mnch matter to the Chiltern Riding if the Indigo Riding spent its own money only on itself. But the members for the Indigo Riding have lately insisted on doubly taxing the Chiltern Riding when compared with their own riding. The new water-rate at Chiltern is extra to the taxation of Is in the £ to which both ridings are subject. It is evident that if the Chiltern Riding lends to the Indigo Riding, it is not fulfilling the words of the commandment, "Let your cha rity begin at home." Chiltern Riding, by looking only after itself, might possibly do with less taxation, or, if it agrees te the present one-sided system, let it use its money more profitably to itself in some (public movement or other in the Chiltern Riding. We have not the figures, and the accounts of the two ridings are, we believe, not kept separately. As taxation appears to be the only thing that can be . got for their share of the shire, the ratepayers in the Chiltern Riding should be furnished with an account of the relative incomes and expenditures of tbe two ridings since they went into business together. If the figures are at all reasonable, we are sure the Chiltern Riding will bear its extra taxation with pleasure, and more, perhaps, to boot, if it were only to do good to an intimate neighbor.. 