ACTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. I don't suppose Sir Henry did it intentionally, but he has certainly taken the marrow out of, and thereby spoilt, one of the best little pieces of pleasantry I have had for many a day. Looking over some English papers, I was astonished and amused at the ignorance of even the leading home journals respecting Australian affairs, and I at once made out a list of some of the most ridiculous mistakes in order that others could enjoy the laugh ag well. Unfortunately, how- ever, Sir Henry has made a mistake quite as laughable, and fifty times more blameable, and when Achilles falls, what can we expect from Thersites? However, here's the ghost of the fun as it now stands. The first journal I came across gravely in- formed its readers that Bathurst was a delight ful seaside resort, and about a day's sail from the metropolis. This will be news for our Bathurst friends, I am sure, and it will please them perhaps to know that Europe is so well informed respect- ing their really charming 'seaside resort.' The second paper contains news for Sydney, as it carefully observes the colossal statue of Captain Cook is erected near Hyde Park on a towering cliff which overlooks the harbour. I have only heard one remark respecting the statue to equal the above, and this remark was made by a Cobar youth, who innocently asked if 'this 'ere Cook was a Solomon Islander.' The colour of the bronze deceived him, and I trembled to think what his opinion would be of Albert the Good, or Governor Bourke, who are ten timoo blacker. The third joke is rathor milder, and I notice the Herald has reprinted tho paragraph without correcting the mistake, but of course when another journal, makes an error, the iterald, Pilate-like, washes its hands of the whole concern. Speaking after the public dinner, I presume, at which none but Aus- tralian viands were used, the home writer notices amongst the dishes some 'splendid Murray Bay cod.' Being fond of fish myself, I will be glad to hear whereabouts this Bay is, and if, like Bathurst, it is within easy sail of the metropolis. There were a few other items like the above over which I was gloating when I unfortunately came across our Public Schools Act, in one clause of which Sir Henry seriously commands that refrac- tory children be furnished with a birch rod. I am an early riser, and I have 'bushed' it also, yet I never saw a birch, and I doubt if any other Australian has either. I am not at all anxious to see one of course, but when our own Premier, a man who opens railroads and 'murmurs by the stream,' isn't better up in the vegetation of his adopted land than this, we can only drop tho case, and discharge our English friend with a caution. He was a son of toil and his principal attire was. a striped shirt, a pair of boots (large fifteens),' and a pair of tastefully whitewashed moleskin trousers. He was ovidently a rabid democrat, or, as he himself observed, he ''didn't give a blank' for anyone,' and accordingly, rushing in where even bank clerks fear to tread, he threw himseif down in a coffee palace chair totally undismayed by the glittering array of all the splendour around, and roared out he'd tako some 'dry 'ash, and look smart about it.' Some of the distinguished visitors fainted; others fled from the spot so thunderstruck at the fearful apparition that they actually forgot to settle up, and two or three of the charming Hebes stood around as if they expected the floor to open up and swallow this Nihilistic-looking man with the awful trousers. Upon his asking why in thunder they weren't fetching up his 'grub,' however, the boldest of the ladies walked over and said a la Lady Macbeth, 'Sir, your presence is totally undesirable, but if you must receive refresh ment at our hands, you will please to ask for it in the idiom of polite society, and when you require what you term 'dry 'ash,' oblige by referring to it as an arid culinary sym- posium. Then the man with the whitewashed trousers slowly rose, picked up his hat, and told the lady not to mind, he'd go to some place where they spoke a little English. There comes a good story from the alligator land' of a yoimg gentleman larrikin, who, being -' fined £5, was asked if he had anything on which ?.--.. the court could levy, upon which he promptly replied, yes he had his mother. Wo doubt he often levied on her himself ; but tho court declined the property. Something of a like nature is told of another gentleman who hails ?Prom 'the 'Bocks,' and who, being asked by th° Police Magistrate hero what ho did for a living, innocently obsorved, ' Oh, mo wife mangles an' goes out washin'.' The days of chivalry aro not quite' over yet. I take this to bo a capital time for delivering a short astronomical lecture, because, in the first place, Mr. Proctor is now well out of reach, and I am not likely therefore to injuro him, or to take tho] broad out of his mouth, as it were, and our friend Mr. Tebbutt is busily engnged praying for rain, and looking after his crops and othor ter restrial matters. Now, to begin — Jupiter is drunk. I don'fc mean to say that he of Olympus has been to Ganymede's pewter too often, but tho planet Jupiter has lately given unmistakable proofs that he is not the respectable party astronomers thought ho was. For some years past the counte nance of Jupiter, never very settled at any time has been disfigured by an enormous red spot, and although Proctor thinks this is caused by a rent in the cloud atmosphere which enables us to see farther into the interior, still I unhesitatingly Btato this red spot is the result of colonial beer on fcho planet's nose. How, however, Jupiter shows a number of white spots along with this red one, and those clearly prove the planot's stomach is out of order and requires somo patent medicine. Not long ago astronomers thought Jupiter wns as cool as John Davies during polling time, and some actually believed ho i.,i !;L contain inhabi tants. These fancies, ln.-.vrrer, are now dispelled' and a few facts show why. Firstly, there aro only ten hours in one of Jupiter's days, and as ho is something like 1300 times as large as oil],. earth, tho time it would tako to asphalte his streets, and lay down tramways, &c;, would (at our rate of going) occupy about four eternitioo. In a ten-hour planet, by tho way, the Civil Service would have a remarkably hoalthy time of it Secondly, Jupiter spins round at the rate of eight miles a socond, which io five hundred times tho velocity of an oxpress train, and faster almost than a newspaper man can got into debt. It thoroforo is only reasonable to prosumo that no human being could hang on to a planot going nt that paco, and of tor a few turns he would become giddy, and drop into that mysterious country called tho ' Never Never.' Thirdly, they some times have a light little storm over there, and when they do tho wind blows at tho rate of 200 miles an hour, and the storm, if it is any sort of a burst at all, generally lasts from six to eight weeks. A macintosh maker, or a good boot and legging mamifacturer, could retire into private life after three storms on Jupiter. Fourthly, Jupiter is a sun almost the same pattern as our own, and probably -warms and nourishes an earth like ours also ; 'but as I know nothing what ever, of this world at present, it may be wisdom on my part not to tell anyone. Lastly, this lecture is closed.. ,. , r,. ?;,,., : . .. . Maestro Qriqvza says : ho bolioyes' there is as much native musical tdiont in the ' Cornstalks ' .as there is in those wlib are fortunate enough to bWborn in tlibLari'd of Soiig, as good old Jeff .of the Treasury poetically calls it, and Professor Mobs 'says' the same of us when compared with the i children of his' fatherland. This is great praise indeed ? but'aa Australia has not yet pro duced a, composer much' superior to Mozart, or a singer whb can take down the flag of Patti, it; may be as well for us to strike back and discover the cause. Twdreasbns.stand'out'before all, the first being the criminal carelessness of the State respecting anything tending to encourage art, and the \ almost total want of compotpnt critics to point out defects, and bestow a little judicious praise when morited. So long as wo oloct men as ; rulers' who havo about ns much idoa of art as a pademelon has of astronomy j the first-mentioned cause will over remain an obstacle to our intellectual advancement ; and tho some may be said of the second cause so long as wo employ the .present class of critics. I have no desire to single out any section of the Pross now, but as a sample of Metropolitan criticism I will draw attention to the Herald's wonderful critique on the last Musical 'Union concert. Sydney is at present blessed or cursed (it's merely a matter of opinion) with three distinct styles of critics. The first consists of those who thoroughly understand music, but who cannot write English ; the second of those who can write English, but who couldn't tell B flat from an earthquake; and the third consists of those who combine tho literary, and musical ignorance of the other two in a degree. which seems little short- of marvellous. Wo will now turn to the Herald's late effusion, which is a fair specimen of all from the same pen, barring the omission of tho usual poetic ' guBh ' which has made feins critic famous. First, wo are treated to a 'stick ' or two of ' padding ' about one of tho most commonplace and nonsensical songs ever com posed, a song of which the melody is a theft, and. the accompaniment might have been written by a South Sea Islander. It was sung, how ever, by a lady friend— and of course we are but mortal. We are next told this same lady ap peared in a miscellaneous duet. Now, an elec tieneering meeting is generally composed of a miscellaneous mob, and a Q-erman sausage has the reputation of being a very miscellaneous article of food ; but what in tho name of Beothoven, Webor or Lewio Scott is a miscellaneous duet ? Dr. John son must havo turned round 'in 'his 'miscellaneous grave when tho word was written. Wo aro thon told that a sibilant noise was heard as a gentle man sang, ' No tongue can tell.' As old Polonius would say, sibiliant ' is good,' but as it is rather too miscellaneous for most readers, I had bolter state at once it simply moans in theatrical par lance ' goosed.' Tho next item is a gem in its way, and would refloct credit on that prince of blunderers— Sir Boyle Kocho. FirBt, wo are in formed tho chorus wore obedient to the slightest sign from tho pianist, and immediately after we read this tho pianist was compelled to sit with his back to tho singers all the evening. Now, what possible sign can a, man make when his back is turned to you ? l\Tone, unless he kicks like a mule, and few singers would suffer that. Lastly, we learn tho -parts in Hauptmann's motet are un evenly balanced. They are nothing of tho kind Hauptmann was no fool in matters musical, and hi3 parts are far better balanced than the heado of our Sydney critics. Tho voices wove unevenly balanced, fair maid — not tho parts. I never thoroughly 'appreciated tho saying, ' Speech was given us to conceal our thoughts,' until I read Sir John Kobcrtson'a wonderful oration at the Conference dinner. Tfc is very evident Sir John considers Mr. Berry as a gentle man who would make a capital stranger, and the xr.ij lie cut poor Now South Wales up would dishoarton even a Chinese gardenor from settling down amongst us. According to tho Knight of Watson's Bay wo have no natural advantages hero whatover, excopting our harbour, and oven that is only so-so, whilBt Melbourne, on tho other hand, is a city built of jaspor, and tho Yarra a river flowing with milk and honey, especially honey. Sir John evidently looked upon the Oonforcneo dclogatos as so many spios sent to take utook of the promised land, and ho accordingly look scrupulous caro to show them the dirty side of everything. ' Whon thou hast a good wife,'* said an Oriental philosopher, ' go down on thy knees fifty times a day, and thank Heaven for it, but above all things keep her from the eyes of others, and lob not the world becomo aware of her goodness.' Sir John evidontly understands this advice, and OLhello himself was not more jealous of his spouso than is our crafty knight of Miss New South Wales. Does any one of our lady readers wish to pookot £10,000 or so without tho slightest effort ? If so, bore is a certain recipe. Tako an old gentle man, marry him, and then assure his life for the largest sum you can. Next, take a cottage out Woollahra way and make it part of the marriage contract that the old gentleman rides on a Wool lahra 'bus twico into town and twice out every day for twelve months. That is all, and judging from tho present state of the road, I should say that before three months have passed there will be a charming young widow in tho matrimonial market, and a most desirable property with her also. I expect the usual commission of course on this if the affair succeeds. It is reported hero our gifted friend Kendall has removed to Cundletown, and over sinco this rumour has boon made public I have boon working myself bald-hoaded to discover what in tho heavens above, or the earth beneath, ortho wators under tho earth he will find to rhymo with Cun dlotown. ' Bundle down' is all I can see at pre sent, and there's no more poetry in that than there is in a box of Holloway's pills. It is be coming more and more painfully evident every day that wo want a monster christening over here, and that some one possessing a little sense and a musical oar should re-name our towns, &c;, and act as general sponsor. The native names are often harmonious in tho extreme, and aro generally given so as to point to some peculiarity of the place applied to- but by-and-byo some vandal comes along, and then .Tharee Nyrang is changed to Buggvillo. Thoy do things bettor even in bonightod Amorica, and to prove this, and to prevont Kendall from desponding over that fearful name, I will quote two appropriate verses from the pen of a Yankee bard — To Lake Aglnnoogeuegamook. All in the State of Maine, ?'-.?:? A man from Witterquergawgaum caine, : One evening1 iu tho rain. ? .' '. ?: ?' Ifen 'from Sekle'dobslcus Sir,' said lie, ' :??: | ?.'.' Just starting on a totir, ^ ! :; ', And go to Nomjammoosooskillicook To-morrow m'orn at four.' I have hoard that the reading of tho above ton times ovory quarter of an hour is a sovereign remody for either lockjaw or the rheumatism, and I trust thoy will also give friond Kondall heart to attack that nightmare name of Cundletown. I think even tho most casual obsorvor amongst us cannot fail to remark, that affairs in Ireland are in a rather unsettled state at present ; and io those who know a little more of tho business, it cannot bo anything but a matter of the greatest surpriso that England, tho mistress of tho world, tho nation upon whose judgment and diplomacy tho whole of Europe sooms to place all conlidonce in their hour of need, and tho nation ever bo will ing to busy itself pacifically with tho quarrels of others, cannot manago tho affairs of a little spot like Ireland without driving its people into open rebellion, and that this rebellion is carried on by those people simply in order that thoy may be al lowed to live. A Texan farmer was onco discovored shooting wheat into somo rocky land with a shot gun, and being asked Iii3 reason, replied, that was the only way a crop could be sown on a farm like his. This wns meant for a joke ; but tho Texan was before his age, find it' he worked an Irish farm at the present time he would find to his cost that his rifle would bo quite as requisite an agri cultural implement an his ploughing machine or his patent thresher. By a late homo papor (not an Iriah onn either) I find that on ono farm the harvesters as they worked wero guarded by two troops of hussars, two companies of artillery, and fifty constables. A otrangor passing that farm would got a sort of hazy idea that lie was amongst the Zulus, or that tho Ba3uto war had broken out in a fresh place, but ho would never dream that theso troops were there to shoot down tho peasantry of the l:uid that gave to England tho gallant horoou, countless iu number, wh° fought and died to incroaso her powor, and tho brilliant statesmen who subsoquontly onabled hor to hold tlio spoils she won. If you told tho stranger this, ho would roply you had an oxeollent vein of humour, and a comic journal would givo a trifle to socuro your sorvicos ; but if you also told him this forco was 3ont expressly over to protoct a crop which positively consisted of only two acres of potatoes, eight acres of turnips, sovon acres of mangels, and tho produce of 20 acres of grain, tho stranger would got from tho plaeoas if he had 3ccn a ghost, and inform the authorities that ono of tho madmen had broken looeo from some asylum. And yet theso things are simply fnotp. We laughed at tho thundering artillery and tho legions of Melbourne braves blazing into the littlo CHonrowan shanty; but after reading tho above, ; let us keep our laugh for England. If there is ono man who has givon mo more trouble of la) o than another, it is a party by the name of Captain Boycott. Hardly a day passes but the cable is jerked to its fullest extent to tell us all about this Boycott. 'Tho authorities waited on Captain Boyoott and offered him their services.' ' Captain Boycott was entertained at a sumptuous dinner; and things are now quiet on ? the estate of Boyootti' 'CaptainBbycottaddreesed ? : a large and influential' meeting,-' and said he was : - in, ? favour ; of Britannia ruling the .? waves, and » : -.: Chinese labour, -whioh1 was ' received' witlu great . ;.?( cheering;'. 'Captain Boycott attended a religious 8ervice, and was afterwards honoured with alight repast of stewed tripe and onions at tho rectory;' And so on, until I begin to wonder who in thunder this Captain Boycott is. At first I thought he was a champion souller, and had pulled Hanlan'a head o IT ; thon I thought he must bo a socond Edison, and had patented ono of those brilliant inventions which work so well whenover they aro not wanted; but whon the .:?? troops began to bo mixed with Boycott, I mado dead certain ho was a second William Toll, and had freod a downtrodden land by popping off its G-esler. After this, however, I studied more, and I found this hero was simply a shut-fist man, who would suffer death itself rathor than allow those whom Q-od afllicted by placing them in his power an hour's spell from tlioir weary toil or an extra potato skin to gr.ico their hard-earnod meal with. If Boycott wag a country grocer and caught a fly meandoring across his countor, he'd chaso that fly half a day in order to catch him and pick the sugar that might bo sticking to his tiny heels. That's Captain Boycott. But bo's a good man — from an English point of view — and ho makes a splondid stranger. 