AMUSEMENTS. At the Thealro Royal " Madame Favart" again, last evening, drew a crowded house. This comic opera appears to increase in popularity, and tho principal characters were called before the curtain- to receive the well-merited approbation of their successful efforts. It will be repeated this evening. The fonrlii appearance of Mr. J. Dewhurst last nigiit, at the Queen's Theatre, in his favourite character of Hamlet, attracted a large aud appre ciative audience, who testified by frequent applause their gratification nt the excellent performance of this favourite play by the company. Mr. Dowhurst by his acting shows that his research and study have supplied him with many new and valuable points, nnd, in rendering the part he takes, mani fests itt a striking manner his talent nan tragedian. To-night Mr. J. 11. Kitls is t) tnkeliis benefit. The entertainment will consist of "Much Ado About Nothing," Mr. Dewhurst appearing as Benedick, nnd Miss Willis as Beatrice, lo be followed by a concert, to which Messrs. llodge, Baker, Ilinchy, lTAier. Itanlcs. and Kitts will contribute. Mr. Kitts has been now since 1851 as a theatrical manager before tho public, nnd to bis hard work is attributable much of the succors which attended the prolonged seasons Mr. W, S. Lyster, with whom Mr. Kills wns lor 20 years, Mr. Farquharson, Madame Bishop, nnd other eclebrities enjoyed, lie has deserved well of thu public, and he should have a good benefit. Mr. Maeoalin ngaiu entertained n crowded nnd delighted audience nt the School of Arts, last night, in his amusing performance, entitled " Begone, Dull Care," which will bo repeated this evening. At tho Victoria Hall, the "Ghosts" afforded amusement to a good house. This novel entertain ment is evidently becoming very popular, its mys tifying character being in itself a great attraction. It will be again performed tonight. The third performance of Walhalln and Barlow's great American circus comes off nt tho Haymarket to-night. The entertainment has been well patro nised up to date, and deservedly so, for the funny clowns, Johnny Cowan nnd Dupeo ; the star artistes, tho Walhalln Brothers ; Mr. J. Lewis, the hurdle rider ; Scgerino, the bare-backed rider ; Young Queensland, the Australian equestrian ; Professor Barlow, with his ponies, dogs, and mon keys j and the horses, all coulribulo to nn excel lent evening's amusement. A midday performance takes place ou Saturday. Tho Ladies Tournament at the liippodrorao in Pitt-street last evening took place in the presence of nearly 1000 spectators. Eigiit competitors, : ns before, appeared on tho track, who were cti- ciitraged in their pedestrian efforts by combined applause as each successive mile was accomplished. At 11 o'clock tho scores stood as folio ws Miss Phillips, 92 raile3 12 laps ; Miss Wallace, 85 miles 12 laps ; Miss St. George, 79 miles ; Miss Walker, 74 miles 15 laps ; Madnrao Audcrson, 64 miles j 1\fi«e Pflrrn milrva 19 Inns ? Miqq fVRnnn. ftl miles j Miss Nicholls, 50 miles 1 lap. Tho contest will bo decided on Saturday night. The Gaiety Theatre will bo opened on Saturday night, tho 8th October, when Sir. Alfred Dampier will appear, supported by the English actress, Miss Amy Adore (her first appearance), and a good company. 