TELEGRAM A T T A, WANGARATTA, At a meeting of tbe Wangaratta Hospital Committee, held laet evening, applications lor tbb position of bouee surgeon were reoelved and ooneldered. There were six applicants, and Dr, H. '.M, M'Farlaad, of Molbourno. having very high testimonials wm unani mously oleotedi SYDNEY. The Victorian bowling team played elxtoea of New South Wales nt Annandsle yesterday, and won by 30 points. The play was vary good. In one rink, Butler against N. Fayten, seven- teon ends were playod for an aggregate of seventeen points. Some of tbo toam play at Cook's Bark to-day, and othere go (on a trip to the Blua Mountains, Tbe-LtoenBed Victuallers' Association has re solved la bring tbe oondaat ol certain magis trates towards publicans lately seeking re newals or romovals of buslnoeo bofore Barlla- ment, with a view of gottlng licensing powers taken away !rom)lho magistracy. Tbe man Lynch, who jumped from tho parnpet at the Rnllwsy Hotol a fortnight ago, died ycitsrday, Ing a letter for sovoral months bofore deliver ing it, wsb fined £10 at tho police oourt for negligence oi dnty. During tbe etttlng of tbe magistrates at the Water Bollco Court yesterday, a seene occurred botweon Mr Williamson, a solicitor, and Mr Bonlold, a magistrate. Each oharged the othor with a want of common senso. The obalrmnn bad to Interfere and otop tbe blokorlng. Tbo roport that Mr Hugb Holt, station- master at Waratab,wns drowned In tbo Taracna Is gronndloss, He bar slnae turned up at Jerilderlo. It la stated that the proprietors of Cole's Oiroua netted "L21, 000 during the Australian tour; Several men who lost woek struok for eight hours' at Rilohlo's establishment, Parramatta, bavo relnrned to work, but all the tanners aro still on slrlki. A man named Rldgway, who was arrested Maryborhngb, In Victoria, under the name of Millar, In aonsanuenae of his extraordinary oonduot and bolng found suddenly In peseoseion of a largo sum of money, for whloh ho oonld give no satlsf aotory acoount, was brought up befora tba Water Polioo Court to-dny, under re mand from Viotorla, and was charged with forgery. Several blank drafts were found on him, bearing the slgnnturo of a- person named Miller, ' who is in tho employ of tho honorable Henry Mooro, M.L.C, The prisoner had reprcs sented.blmeelf at the post office here as John Moore, and thereby obtained two registered letters oontalning bank drafts for LD0 oaoi, which ho cashed and than deoamp'd to Vio torin. He wae committed for trial. EiOwlng to tho great luaroaeo In the traffio in tbe city thoroughfares tbe Transit Commis sioners bavo oommcnced a ornsade to compel all drivers of vehicles to keep to the left eldo of the street. Abant a dozen cabmen and omnibus drivers were fined yesterday far intrlngiog tho by- laws In regard to this. . A ghost Is supposed to have mado lie ap. pearanoe3 at Hugbnadra, and strange to say two clergymen went out last Sanday to lay It, Tho manifestations are' attributed to a girl who ie supposed to be a spiritist medium. TfaeS:nato of tbe University '-Is considering the expediency of admitting female students to tbe leotures, examinations and degreos, bnt before the proposal oan be oarsled Into praotloe, reoourso uiust be had to legislation. The Board of Studies bos reported favorably. Tbe cbargo of negligence preferred by a patient in the Infirmary against tho doctors and nurses was Investigated yesterday, and dismissed by tho oommlttea ae being without foundation. The epeolmen of tbe new description of noise; less tramway motor imported by Mason Bcoi,, run a trial trip Batiefaotorlly yesterday, Mr O'Connor, M.L.A., was oharged, at tbe Water Polios Oonrt yesterday, bb the master of the steamer Fawn, with a violation of tbe barbor regulations In following tbe late Intercolonial eight oar tost race. Tho eteamer had been' lent to blm, and he took a party of friends in ber, He told tbe police be was in ohargo of tbo bont,and tbey eammancd blm as tbe master. The proceedings canood considerable amuse ment, and after occupying all day tbe oase wo dismissed, Messte G. H. Reld-ond Baohanan continue tbelr newspaper warfare as to tbo merits and demerits of -protection and free trade, and aro . slanging oaob other with inoreaslng vlolsnos. Mr G. R. Dibbs, tbo dofsndant In tbe slander notion of Shepberd v Glbbs, having completed bis twelve months' Imprisonment, was released to-dny. Efforts are being mnde to call a pnblio meeting to express sympathy with him. No lees than seven bnndrod deelgne have been sent In to compete for . tho premium offered by Mr John Sands, tbo stationer and publisher, for tbe best deelgne -for Christmas cards, Tbe deelgnB will ebortly be exhibited In tbe art gallery, At tbe Wnrwlofe races yesterday there were were lonr starters In one of the raaeB, Oho rleter, who was leading, fell, and Duke of Lynne oame on him, and Sydnoy oannoned against Duke of LInne, and oame down also, Tho reenlt was tbat Decoy, the fonrtb horse, won. Chorister and Daks of Llnne are Injured In their eplnes, and the latter was shot by his owner. Two of the jockeys wore eerlonely injnred. Tho hon, Patrick Hlggtn Is reoovetlng from his lata eerlone IllnCBs. ADELAIDE. Mr Thomao Hardy, the premier vlgneron of South Australia held his annual vintage fete last night at blB Bankslde vineyard. Over 200 employes nnd tbelr friends assembled on tbe occasion. Mr Hardy bas altogether 230 acres nnder vines In various parts of tbe oolony nnd this year be has made 05,000 gallon ot wine, Thle yield Ie lees by 20,000 gallons than the yield laet eoaeon, althongh Mr Hardy has more ground nnder vines, a result onused bylthe orops ol gropes being proportionately, only about one half of that of last year's. This year's wine, however, Is of a very superior quality, owing to the eummor being very oool. Mr Hardy greatly regretted thao he war not awarded thelEmperor William's prize at tbo Melbourne Exhibition, and eald tbat It wai through tho Inexplicable way In wbioh the exhibits were sent up to the final jmy. His employes took advantage of the opportunity to present him wltb a silver onp. Tho Marine Beard rsoommenda tbat a fresh survey should be mnde of Spenoer's Gulf as early as possible, ae It is alleged tbat the , pre sent obarts are incomplete and inoorreot.. - Mr E. Selkman, of Selkman and Monle, who recently beoame unavoidably Inaolvent owing to alroninstanOOB over whlob be hyd no control; bar been presented with an addrese and testimonial, and entertolnod, at a ban- qnot by tbo residents of Jamestown and Oal. l0",l8' BRISBANE. According to latest advices, there Ie a popu lation of 800 nt tho Nobo rnab, nnd nnmbors eSIll arriving dally. AU tho men at work aro getting gold. Font nuggets hove been found weighing rospeotlvely 42 Cz,, 38 oz,, 21-z., aud 20oz., besides a nnmber ot emalltc ones, A payable reef has been found, 