THE LITTLE OLD GENTLEMAN WITH THE FRILL. By the Author of " The Mysteries of Heron S Dyke," etc I. The afternoon of a stormy winter day was drawing towards a close. I was standing at one of the windows of my rooms in Carew's Buildings, staring intently into the windows '" of a room opposite my own on the other side of the flagged court that separated the two. I say that I was staring, and staring, too, with all my might The room which thus attracted ' my attention was empty, and had been empty ? ever since I had come to live in Carew's Buildings. The Venetian blinds were drawn up to the top, and in one of the windows was a bill on which might be read in large letters, " These Chambers to Let." I had often wondered, with the languid curiosity of a sick man about trifles, ? why their last tenant had left them ; had he got married 1 or had he died Î or had he come into r a fortune-and why they remained unoccupied . so long ) They were the only rooms in the buildings that were to let, and whenever I looked out of my window that staring placard over the way met my gaze like an eyesore, and many a time caused me to turn irritably away. At this time I was just recovering from a long illness, but was not yet allowed to venture \- out of doors. I had very few callers, and when I was tired of reading and writing and I was still too weak to write for long at a time ' there was nothing left for me to do, save to 1 lounge in my easy chair by the window, and watch the few people who came and went, always with hushed footsteps as it seemed to 7 me in the quiet court below ; or to listen to the muffled roar that was borne to the listening ear from the busy streets no great distance away ; or gazing upward, perchance into some rift of blue sky overhead, to dream the dreams of a young man who is desperately in love, but who sees no prospect of being able to marry the sweet object whom he adores. At such times it was that the blank shuttorleBS windows over the way used to draw my gaze towards them with a sort of fascination which I was too weak to resist. To my sickly fancy they seemed like we huge eyes that were for ever watching me. How I wished that some one would take the rooms, and furnish them, and fill them with a sense of human occupancy. Like my own rooms, the chambers that were to let were on the second floor, and as they faced nearly due west, it followed as a matter of course that whenever the afternoon sun con- descended to show his face within the somewhat grimy precincts of Carew's Buildings, he shone for the space of an hour or more full on the two vacant windows, and lighted up the dingy interior and the panelled wall beyond. Exactly opposite one of the windows was a door which presumably opened into a bedroom. There was a second floor, as I afterwards found, which opened on the common staircase, but neither this nor the fireplace was visible from my windows. As I was standing at my window on this particular occasion, with my hands buried deeply in my pockets, whistling under my breath, and wondering why Winifred had neglected to answer my last letter, my eyes were attracted for the thousandth time to the staring windows over the way. The sun was shining brightly through them, and without thinking what I was about, 1 mentally began to count the number of the small old-fashioned panes. While thus idly occupied, to my great surprise. I saw the door of the inner room opened, and next moment there entered a little white haired, elderly gentleman, dressed in a black tail coat and waistcoat, and pepper-and-salt continuations. He wore high pointed collars that reached nearly to his ears, a white cravat, and-could I believe my eyes a large frill that protruded from the bosom of his shirt inch a frill as, depicted in a miniature at home, had been worn by my grandfather some forty years before. An old-fashioned bunch of seals depended from his fob. I rubbed my eyes, and looked again. The little old gentlemen were no hat, which struck me as rather a singular omission on his part, seeing that in all probability he had merely come to see the rooms with the view of renting them either for himself or some one else. This thought was still in my mind when he came forward to one of the windows, and stood there for a few moments looking out and rubbing his hands, and smiling as though he were in high good humour with himself. Me he did not seem to notice at all. He was a pleasant- looking old gentleman, with crisp white hair and ruddy complexioned man, as it seemed to me, who could appreciate a good dinner, and who had broached many a magnum of prime old port in days gone by. v Presently he turned from the window at which he had been looking out, and I saw him pass the second window, after which he was lost to view, and I saw him no more. I concluded that he had left the room by the door which opened on the general staircase. Having nothing better to do, I thought I would wait and have a good look at him as he emerged from the doorway into the court. I liked his looks ; there was something so pleasant, wholesome, and old-fashioned about him that I was anxious to see him again. The sun set ; the light on the windows of the empty chambers faded and died out ; the shadows in the court deepened ; the day was at 1\. an end. By and by came the lamplighter, and when he was gone 1 rose from my chair, drew the curtains, and stirred my fire into a blaze The little old gentleman had certainly not come out ; there seemed no light any where except in my own rooms. Where could he be What could have become of him But I had other and more important matters to engage my attention as soon as my lamp was lighted. I sat working and reading till ' nearly midnight, and then went to bed thoroughly tired out. Certainly anything " rather than the little old gentleman was in By thoughts the following afternoon, when I mi suddenly startled by seeing him again. The hour was about the same, but to-day there was little or no sun, the sky was overcast, and the empty rooms opposite seemed to have gathered within themselves a deeper gloom than the gloom that filled the court outside. When I first saw him again he was standing at "I the window, looking out, and rubbing his hands, and smiling to himself, exactly as on the previous day. On this occasion I did not see him enter the room, nor was his figure to-day by >< _ any means so clearly defined as it was the first, time I saw him but that was easily accounted . ' t for by the difference between the two afternoons As before, he only stood looking out for a few moments, then he turned and crossed v in front of the second window, and is passed out of my range of view. Certainly it seemed somewhat strange that he should be there a second time, precisely at the same hour, and apparently with no other motive for his visit '? than on the first occasion. There was something about such a proceeding which puzzled me. Yesterday I had waited to see him come out of doors ; to-day I would do the same. I knew by light the occupants of all the Chambers in Carew's Buildings ; my little old gentleman was certainly not one of them. But I watched and waited in vain. It became quite dark at last and still he had not come out. The little gentleman was a good deal in my thoughts that night, and I looked forward to next afternoon with something bordering on impatience. Should I see him again There was evidently a mystery about his visit to that empty room, ' The moment the clock struck 4 I stationed myself at the window. I had not waited five minutes before I saw him again. As on the first occasion, the door of the inner room was * opened, and he came out of that into the front room. Again he stood at the window for a few moments, smiling and rubbing his hands, and again he turned and walked passed the second 1 window, and to was lost to view. The mystery 1 with deepening. Next morning my doctor said to me, " It's a lovely day, and a short turn in the Park would do you no harm." I was sick of staying indoors, and had been badgering him for several days to give me permission to go out, but now that the wished-for privilege was accorded me, I was in no hurry to avail myself of it My anxiety to see whether the little old gentleman would appear for the fourth time was far in excess of any desire I might have to go out into the fresh air and < Sunshine. I decided to remain indoors and watch for him again, in ' > S About half-past 8 Tony Hamilton hand into my room. - Tony was an old chum of mine, a man who overflowed with talk and high spirits, and his visits always cheered me up and did me good, To-day I hailed his coming with delight. Should my little old gentleman appear again, I would point him out to Tony, and claim that erratic youth's assistance in solving the mystery. I awaited the striking of the hour with ill concealed nervousness. To Tony I must have seemed but very indifferent company. The moment the clock began to strike I rose and went to the window. Tony followed me. " You've not a very jolly look-out here, old man," he said. "Enough to give a fellow the blues. Why don't you get away into the country for a month of It would do you a heap of good." I did not answer him, for at that moment I saw the door of the inner room opened, and the little old gentleman came in, shut the door behind him, and came forward to the window. " Queer customer that, Tony," I said, nodding my head in the direction of the old gentleman. " I wonder what he can want in that empty room so often. I've seen him there three or four times before." " Whom are you speaking about, Boncastle ?" asked Tony. "There's an empty room over the way, certainly but there's nobody in it." "Nobody in it I Where are your eyes I" I asked with some impatience. "Can't you see that little, white-headed old gentleman who is looking through the window and rubbing his hands 1 And see how he turns and passes the other window and now he is gone " I laid a hand on Hamilton's arm as I spoke, and pointed with the other hand to the two windows. Tony turned and looked at me, a fine con cession shining out of his eyes. " My dear loncastle, the sooner you get away into the country the better," he said. Then he placed his hands on my shoulders, and pressed me gently down into my easy chair. "But about the old gentleman at the window ?" I began, " There was no old gentleman at the window," said Tony, as he sat down opposite to me. " The room was and is empty. There was no one there." For a moment or two I stared at him in a helpless sort of way, and then I said, "Do you mean to tell me that I didn't see some one there ?" " I mean to tell you nothing of the kind." "I swear to you, Hamilton, that I have seen him stand at that window at four o'clock every afternoon this week a little, white hair, old-fashioned look gentleman, with a big frill to his shirt, and a bunch of tears hanging from his fob. Do you mean to tell me that I can't believe the evidence of my own eyes ?" " Not always, I'm afraid," answered Hamilton, drily. "Take the case in point. What you saw, or rather, what you fancied that you saw, can have been nothing but a figment of your brain, the offspring of your own disordered imagination, without substance or any foundation in fact. You must get away at once, old man, or you'll have a regular fit of the blues. You are a long way out of condition, that's evident, and a thorough change of scene is the only thing to pull you straight." Could it really be as Tony said I asked myself again and again after he had gone. ' Had the little old gentleman no existence save in my own imagination ? Was he merely an illusion of my own creating The more I thought about it the more inclined I grew to believe that Hamilton's theory in all probability was the correct one. Where these morbid musings and uncanny fancies would ultimately have landed me, and how many more times the old gentleman would have condescended to make himself visible to me, it would be impossible to say, had not happily for me, my brother-in-law, Frank Burrows, appeared unexpectedly on the scene. He had come up from Oxfordshire on business, and his wife's orders were that he was not to go back without me. " And it would be as much as my place is worth were I to do so," added genial Frank, with his broad bucolic smile. " So just point out what traps you'll want, and I'll have them packed in no time." Frank was so strong and determined, and I was so weak and undecided, that resistance was out of the question. In less than half-an-hour from the time he shook hands with me I found myself in a hansom and on my way to Paddington Station. With a sigh of relief I reflected that I I had left the lil fe old gentleman behind me, pro- j bably for over. I II. At the end of six weeks I came back to town thoroughly renovated in health and spirits. The little old gentleman had been often in my thoughts, but I had long ago veered round to i Tony Hamilton's opinion that he was nothing more than an illusion of my own disordered brain. " Poor old boy 1 I shall never see him again," I mused lazily to myself as I was flying Londonwards in the train. " I wonder whether I he has gone to puzzle and frighten some other fellow whose nerves are as weak as mine were Probably he has no other way of passing his time." -I had been idle far too long, and was anxious to get to work again. I hugged myself inwardly when I thought that I was again about to renew those long pleasant mornings in the Museum reading-room, that I should again taste the flavour of those long solitary evenings in my own cosy little den, surrounded by my books, with my lamp at my elbow and my inkstand within reach, and with my darling Winifred's portrait over the chimney-piece, gazing at me with tender serious eyes, and seeming to be deeply interested in all that I was about. The old spell that had been broken for a little while by ray country visit came over me again as strongly as over the moment I set foot in London streets. It was dark by the time I reached Carew's Buildings. Having discharged my cab I walked through the gateway and up the court, which gave back a hollow echo of my footsteps. There were lights in several of the windows. I turned in mechanically at the well-remembered stair- case, and as I did so I glanced over my shoulder at the windows of the empty rooms over the way. They were empty no longer. I looked and looked again. There could be no mistake in the matter. The blinds were only half way down, but heavy red curtains were drawn across the windows, through which the lamplight inside glowed warm and comfortable. I laughed to myself as I ran upstairs. "My little old gentleman has been ousted by somebody," I thought. "I wonder where he has found another home " Next day was warm and spring-like, and I had my writing table placed near the window. As I looked up now and then from my work I could just make out the figure of someone moving about the rooms over the way, but whether my now neighbours were young, or old, or what he was like in any way, I was not sufficiently curious to try to ascertain. The very fact of rooms being occupied gave me a pleasant sense of companionship, which was all I cared for. Of the occupant personally I desired to know nothing. That same evening I was sitting idly over my meerschaum when a knock came to my door, and next moment who should thrust in his head but Tom Pettigrew. I had not seen Tom for a long time ; I did not even know that he was in London, although I had heard vaguely that he had recently obtained an appointment on the staff of one of the big dailies. " Here you are book at last ! " he exclaimed, as he gripped my hand. "I have been watching your windows for the last fortnight hoping every day to see that you had returned.' " Watching my windows 1" I exclaimed. "Even so, mon and. Perhaps you don't know it, but I am your neighbour. I've taken chambers over the way. My windows are exactly opposite yours. I saw you sitting at work this morning, but wouldn't disturb you." Here was a surprise. It was another illustration of the saying that it was only the unfore- seen that comes to pass. "It will be jolly to have you so near me," I said. "I hope the rooms ault you." Tom looked dubious for a moment. "The rooms are right enough," he said. ?' And yet somehow, I can't explain why, I've taken an odd sort of dislike to them. It will seem childish to you, I don't doubt, but when I'm sitting there of an evening, I'm haunted by a vague inexplicable sense of not being alone. I have a feeling that there' is someone in the point with tni^Mmeoo» yams Iwnftbt sees who makes no noise, and who never speaks to me, but who is none the less certainly there. I know it's ridiculous to hear a fellow who weighs 16st, confess to such childish fancies. Probably it's only my digestive organs that are out of order. But let us talk of something else. That's rather an original thing in meerschaum that you have there." Pettigrew's words let me thinking. Was there really something weird and uncanny about that room over the way-something that could not be explained away by any of the ordinary scientific laws with which I was acquainted 1 There seemed nothing for it but to await the course of events. Perhaps Pettigrew might have some fresh experience to relate to me by and-bye. Meanwhile I decided to say nothing to him with regard to what I myself had seen during the time the rooms were empty. I saw very little of Pettigrew during the next three or four weeks. As a rule his duties took him away till a late hour, and in the morning I had generally started for the reading room before his blinds we drawn up. Many an afternoon did I watch and wait at my window, half hoping, half dreading, to see the familiar figure of the little old gentleman with the frill. But he never appeared ; apparently the presence of Tom Pettigrew had exercised him, at least as far as I was concerned. One morning before I had finished breakfast Tom came hurriedly into my room. He was dressed for travelling. "I've just looked in to say good-bye, he began. " I'm under orders for Paris. Got to report on the French fates and a few other matters. Hope to see you again in about a fortnight." "Meanwhile I suppose you will lock up your haunted chamber," said I. "Let us hope that your invisible companion will have found some other quarters before you get back." Tom shrugged his shoulders. " If he doesn't find some fresh quarters, I shall. I'm about tired of his company. And look here, Bon castle, now I'm going away I'll tell you about a little thing that I've not yet mentioned to a soul. Perhaps it would have been better if I had spoken of it in any case I'll ease my mind now. He was silent for a moment, while I helped myself to another sardine. " On the second evening after I had settled down in my new domicile," resumed Torn, between 8 and 9 o'clock, as I was sitting all alone, dipping here and there into the new number of 'The Metropolitan,' happening to look up, I suddenly became aware that there was some one else in the room. In the chair opposite to me on the other side of the table was seated a little elderly white-haired gentleman, with a very large frill to the bosom of his shirt. Man alive ! what made you start so ?" "Nothing. Only a fishbone, Go on with your narrative." "I started at him, as well I might. I had not heard a sound, yet there he was before me-a pleasant-looking old party enough, engaged in the perusal of some document or another, and to all appearance quite at home. I coughed, but he took no notice, never lifting his eyes from the paper he was reading. Then all at once I felt as by an intuition that the being before me was no creature of flesh and blood, whatever else he might be. An icy shiver crept down my spine as I sat and looked I at him. 1 " He still went on with his reading, turning ' over one follow after another in the most aggra- ' vating matter-of-fact way. At length he took off his spectacles, rubbed them, replaced them on his nose, and then resumed his reading. By this time my sang froid was coming back to me, and I determined to end the affair one away or another. Who are you, sir and where do you come from I demanded, I ' Don't you know, sir, that to intrude into a i fellow's rooms in this way is a most unwarrantable liberty V At least I am under the i impression that that is what I said. It is pos- < sible that I never spoke the words aloud ; perhaps I only thought them. In any case, the old gentleman took not the slightest notice of my interrogatories. This was discourteous on his part, and I began to get ruled. Among other knick-knacks on a side table was a revolver. I had brought it with me from a South America, where on more than one occasion it has proved of service. By tilting back my chair a little and stretching out my arm, I could reach it without rising. I had been practising with it at a gallery only a few days. previously, and one of the barrels was still ( loaded. Having ascertained this fact, I laid the , revolver on the table before me, and addressed , myself again to the old gentleman. ' Now, my , good sir, I said if you don't either explain your presence, or got out of this entirely, BE sure as my name's Tom Pettigrew I'll put a ( bullet through you the moment that timepiece strikes 0, which will be in three minutes from now.' "I was not without a sense of absurdity of my words even while I was uttering them. If the figure before me were a man like myself, ] then had I no right to murder him for in trading unbidden into my rooms ; the proper plan would have been to expel him by mild ' pedal propulsion ; whereas if he were really a being without any substantiality of his own as I felt convinced in my own mind that he was then a bullet through his gizzard would have no more effect upon him than a pinch of snuff would have upon me. Still, on the spur of the moment, I was unable to call to mind any argument of a more forcible character, and I felt sure that I should not be indicted for murder, whatever else might happen to me. "To all appearance I might just as well have addressed myself to the four winds The little gentleman never looked up, but simply turned over a fresh page, smiled to himself at some clause he was reading, and rubbed his nose with the point of his forefinger. Evidently words (my words, at least) were thrown away upon him. "Then suddenly the clock struck. As the last stroke sounded I took up my revolver and fired. I took no particular aim at any part of the figure, feeling sure that I could not fail to hit it somewhere. At the moment I fired the figure was sitting before me as plainly as you are sitting before me now, but with the crack of the pistol he vanished. I could not say that I saw him go ; he was simply sitting there one instant, and the next he was gone, I got up and crossed the room with my revolver still in my hand. The bullet had buried itself in the wainscot exactly behind where the little gentleman had been sitting. It must have gone clean through him." "It's just as well that he proved to be a ghost, or you would certainly have been indicted for murder," I observed. "I presume that he has not troubled you again since you dealt with him in such a summary fashion ?" " No, I have certainly seen nothing more of him," answered Tom, " but none the less, as I have already explained to you, do I feel that he is in the room. This perpetual sense of being haunted by something that you can neither see nor hear, and which yet makes its presence felt in some mysterious way, has at length become such an expression that, to tell you the truth, Boncastle, this French Journey comes like an immense relief to me. If when I return the same strange feeling comes over me again, I shall certainly give up the rooms, much as I otherwise like them, and transfer my household goods elsewhere." " How long were the rooms empty before you took them ?" I asked. " Some three or four months, I believe." "Do you know anything of their previous tenant, or under what circumstances he gave them up. " I never even heard his name. But, now I come to think of it, I certainly did hear that he gave up the rooms very suddenly and without any previous notice. He left word that he was going into the country for a week ; but three days later he sent a month's rent in lieu of notice and a can for his furniture, and never came near the place again. It never struck me before ; but I say, Boncastle, what if the last tenant was haunted in the same way that I've been haunted " I nodded. The plot was thickening. Daring Pettigrew'! last speech I had been re- volving a certain idea in my mind. "I tell you what I wish you would let me do," I said "I wish you would let me have the entree to your rooms while you are away. I should like to i spend an evening or two there all alone. I am desirous of ascertaining whether your little old gentleman would appear to me as he appeared to i you. I confess that I should like to make but ll^uaiuW».'' U -? ! Pettigrew stared at me for a moment or two. "If you are really serious in what you say nothing can be easier. I will tell my Cerberus to let you have my keys whenever you want them. If nothing should appear to you I shall then put down what I saw as merely an effect of an impaired indigestion ; if, on the contrary " If my experience in the rooms should prove to be the same as yours, then shall we both become believers in certain things in which heretofore we have never put the slightest faith." So it was agreed, and after a little further talk Pettigrew left me. I had not said a word to him with regard to what I had been when the rooms were empty for the present I was determined to keep the knowledge of that fact to myself. (To be continued.) 