FREMASONRY DEFINED. (rom Ithe Freenrueono' Mnoeedy 4iafolaine.) I have joined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. Editor. I am a free and accepted son, or brother, or what ever it is, of that mysterious organization. I have Ielonged to inany secret societies in my time-I hlave been an Orangemnan, and a Sone of Temeper ance, aid a Fenian, and, if I. remembler ariglt, I once belonged to a gang of coiners : but thit Masonic arrangementt-this institution of the compass and squaret-distanoes them all. I have often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was-in what respects he dillered from in nrinalty being. Again and agam hIave I pumpol persons, who I thoughlt knew whlat wais what, with a view of finding out sometlhing rle garding these queer men; butt t was no go. Mnluim was the word ; anid those~ who could tell woulhn't, andl those who wouhl couldn't; but further infor eratiot I was to go anid find out. I hlad a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of super natural being; a regular ring-tailed roarer, with Ilorlles and hloofs to match, nlwho would come down the ehinmey or get throughl the key-hole, and disappear like a flash of lightning-a chap that would knock h---s out ofa fellow withl a wik of his eye, aid of lwhom the D--I himself was afraid. Tlere is one single thing connected with iMasonry of which you are perhaps not aware, anl that is--a Mlfon never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the faternlity is respectfully sunmmoned to do lhonour to his re mains; let it is all a sham, a big swindle, gottem up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiatet. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, ansd depositeld withl due solemnity in the cemetery, while tle brothlers and friendts are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear depatedl, andl the departed is en joyinlg hiimself in the back roomn of some hotel, pre ppratory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mir. Editor--Masots nev-erdie. They miay change their appearance antd move off'to other spheres, lut, as for dying, they can't do it. It is supposed that, after they have transacted wicked ness enough on tiis earth, they are toemsformed into comets asid meteors, aetd go wandering tlheough space, kicking up slhinesaand riisitg the D----I gene rally. And a great many people suppose that the last nmeteoric ldisplay was notlhing imore nor less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path-the dilihrent-coloured lights hetokening tile dlifierent degrees theyj had ac quiredl in the flesl. Freecmsonry is of an ancient date, as proved by the fact that duling tile wet season Noah usedl to hold meetinigs in the corner of tile ark. He wlas oliged to give it up. Ilowever, oHiwngtothe curiosity of Mrs. Keoahl, who, notwitlhstandi g the fact that hler lhusband placed a lig pair of lions andi a big crocodlile at thle door as oetside guard, otame pretty nier fIilitling out tihe secret, and starting a femnale lodge osn her own holok. I must tellyou thleperils and trials I hlead to undergo to lecotete a .hMason. lOn thle creningl iin queation I presentedl myself at tile door of the lodge- rooem, No. (il6,6O6G, signs of tie skull andl cross-bones. I was conducted to the ante-roome. where five or six melancholv chaps in sashes and emhlroidered nap kios were waiting to receive me. On my entraInce they all got up and turned a back somersault, aned tlel ehlietly resuned their seats. A blig fat fellow, who sat in the middle, and whol seemed to le the proprietor then said, "Sinner frome the outward world, adveance !" I advanced. " Will you give sp cverything to join us?" "Not if) ltiref i-," s-eidl I. -' T'lere's elty wife sned four. teee fine"--. (Anothler party here toll mue it was a mere matter of form.) The followern in tile towels then groaned, and saidl, "'Tis well." "Do you ole-r ieeeer to reveal anytlhing you may see or hear this evening. not to your wife? " I said, "'Pon my world, I rwill not." They then examined my teeth ande felt aey muscles, and mnade me put out imy tongue, and then groaned again. I said, "If you don't feel wcell, hlave got a little bottle here that"--. Here the fat mani took the bottlefrommee, and told me to shlt up. He thene, in a voice of tlhunder, saidl, "Bring forth tile goat." Another fellow then came forth to blildfold me. "No, you dlon't, Mr. Mason," I said; " no trickson travellers, if yea please. I don't believe in playing blincl lease's huff seith a goat. I'll ride the decil if you like, hut I don't go it blinld. Stand eack, or I'll kenock you into smnithereens." They were too muchl for ine, however, and I had to slb mit to he blindfolded. The goat wsas tlhen ledl in, sand I could helar him maeoking an awful racket amonmg tlhe furniture. I hegan to feel that I was aurgently wanted at hote : bnt I was in for it, and coulcd not help meyself. T'lree or four bellows tlhe seized Ime, allli withl a de:Coniacal laughll pitched me on the animiial's back, telliug me at the sane time "to look out for sjualls." I have been in a goodl many scrapes, Mr. 1Editor: I've been in an elec tion fight, I've been pitched out of a four-storey window, I lave gone down in a railroad collision, and up il a steamnloat explosion ; but this goat ex culion was aheald of tlhemn all. The confounded tling must Ie all wings and horns. It bumiped me against tile tables andI tile stove i:and tlhe ceiling, lbut I hung onl like a Trojan. It trlneld front soelcr saults, andl rollied over till I thought it was all over witlhme. I was just on the point of giving u1 when tile handage fell froll Ililne eyes, anil the goat l)hounded tlhroughi the wilndow with a 3yell like a Cumanclhel lndian giving iup the ghost. I was in a lodge of Ml:usons. They were Ila;leing a war-dance arouiill a skull, and playing lhap-frog anl turning handsprings, and ti:e big fat fellow of the anlte-roonm was standing on his head in tile comer finilshing the co:ntents of my little battle. Ordler wa-s soon restored, and I was led up to a desk andl told to stanll at my case. The chief engiineer of the esothbllisleiicnt theln lput his thumIIl) to his nose, andI stretching his fingers in tile shlape ofa fan towards nme, :omma::ninded silence. The rest of thle lrethllren did likewise. anm were silen:t. The governor tlren addresseld me:- "Braother Klinob, yoll are now one of us. You are Inow a imembler of all institution that as lasted over ten miillions of years. From this time hence your ,on:sittution is souIIn. You are iilpcmivous to light or heat, or any other at:mospherie ionfliene. You are water-proof, tire-proof, anl over-proof. With impunity you may walk throulgh a lake, or sit on a reild-hot stove ; with impunity drink a<uinfortis, rye-whlisky. Wahoo hiitters, or anly other poisonous :lsubstance. You are free from rhleumatismn, dysplep sia. whooping- conghl. andl the measles. IThe Sheriil lare not seize you fior debt nor tile polieinani for Ilisleallc llr. l'Yoe are Ioneof 0S, a:11 yol ore s;afe. Here is tlhe password ; with thlat and a :big clulb you can get into any lodge in Christendomi." I tlien: stood! the whlisky andl water all thle way roundl, ani I was a free and accepted 3ison. It is onue of tle paradoxes of nat:re that Will Barletont, wli hais written such piathletia farm and' l eJilstic leallads, nCiv:r ownied a farm, wife, or child. The ltmii Cattliic bishops of I'olail have sent to Mr. (liistone their views on the Land Bill. They iienumle ate cigh?tee miateliil alterltiiiis i tilhe bill which they colsider are oecessay tI mal;ce it a sa:tisfactory mesmel. 'Thelse iechile thle grating of lixity of elre t ftre ticire ts, the. exteeuion if the protection of ithe Iill to tencts in 'ri·ars withl thcir rent, thie rimiiii'al friim the hill of the elnigeatilon solhiiie for the sirclise, rcl:ono'itioni, and partition of waste landsi in Ireland, ai wll a s for arterial drainigige. An Itlian rajahl, lwho was pleasantly tlislosed to wardd the niglihi, I hadl larilial thVir eiu lal ge, after a fashion, frequently visitedi. oams years ago, io the story ruis, the Viceroy of C(dlcutt.a, al, on one hoe?asisn, hoIIrriw,1 of the latter a copy of tile ]Jdfinitrq/ JHri'.i wiit?'h e 1l i:ppened ta iesi lying on the thable. \Whcn hie returned thiI fint' ine the "iceriy askeld himi if hie fouinllaiythingihtere.st ing in it. " Oh. yea, ' hle repliedl, " many Ieautifil thiuw'4, a.lo imany disvoiiicted aitirlec." '' Itow so ?' aslked thle Viceriay. " .Seu here," 'ls\wered tihe rajalh, "thiue begins with 'l iiting the Oriag outaig,' does it not'." Alnd now tiui over the page inl you hare the 'lfist'r' of Mary StNlat."'" The Viceroylaughed. Ie perceived thltithe riaja had at temptet to rIalt the sook througIh witlhout entting the learca.s, lIe accordingy took firom his tablle a bieunltifle iivo', paiper- cltter, explaineul its use to Iis visitor, l madie hims a ipresenlt of it. lThe rajalh was ipuzzleld as to hl tile lhircs if the biook could be priitced before they werae cut open, Iut tlhis was also etxplinlel to himi. About a year after this icil'ciii'I'enle the Viceroy saw a gay uosmuupasy eunt.ring the court, ianl. in the centre of it, the raj;lah n?ste, on0 a nwhite liephant. iNo soonci' did thle irjah see tile hieceoy tlau Iv criedi: "iDo yII halpen tIl hiave an ilicut copy of thie ElflougslUh "lf. r;er . If so,. Ihllse tias' it out of sie." Thle \Viceroy threw out thile magazine. ]t waS eiught iby the ,le pa;nt, who placeil it betu'eeun Iis tiusks, rhilch hsit teui wr'oiight into elegant Patir-cuiters, sven in cludinig carviled ihanllea, and qutietly cut oipen the leaes, after wrhich, the knowini g niiiiial hpasCvI the I','u'e' ha ck to the soprised ViiCer'(ly. "'he rajlah then diImiiioiunei asl sanil to the Vieeru'y, as Ie poinltd ts tthe elephant, " Ie is you3 s? l return your pjaper-cutter alive."--.lotitrevl Il'itn ses 