The Spring Meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club was held at Flemington on the 1st of October. The weather was fine, and there was a very attractive programme, but the attendance was not so large as waa anticipated ; this was doubtless owing to the near approach or our great racing carnival, and a two days' meeting to be held at Caultield, in which many first-class horses were engaged. The proceedings were commenced by a Handicap Hurdle Race, for which eight sported silk. Rhesus was strongly supported by the public, but he cut a sorry figure all the way, and was never prominent. Marie made the running, but shirked the hurdle in the straight. Black Prince, a very fine son of Prince 'William, ran well forward during the race, and corning away at the last jump, won in a canter; Don Pedro second, and the favourite a very bad third. The Corinthian Handicap, for gentlemen riders, broughtouta good field, Pirate, -who had been backed on the course, winning easily; Sea King second, and Terrific third. The Hunt Club Cup had afair field, Syphon having the call in the betting. He went away with the lead, and maintained it for a considerable distance. At the turn home he was challenged by Mr. J. O. Inglis on old Nimbook, and the two left the remainder of the field. Instead of following the steeplechase course they entered the rails on the scraping sheds side of the last jump, and thereby missed the last obstacle. The judge had left - the box when the third horse passed the post, and conse quently did not place him. Under the circumstances the stewards ordered the race to be run after the Flying Stakes, as if it had never taken place. Backers of Nimbook, of course, grumbled, but there was no help for it. In the run off, Young Deceiver, a very plain-looking son of Smolensko, and who was judiciously ridden by Mr. J. Simson, beat Nimbook at the finish. Mr. A. Chirnside, who rode Hands Down, received a heavy fall at the jump opposite the stand, but was fortunately not hurt. The popular master of the Ballarat hounds received a round of cheers as he was dragged from under the horse, and rode him back to the saddling paddock. The Ghost was made a hot favourite for the Handicap Flat Race, for which there was a good field. - The uncertain Napper Tandy happened to be in a good humour, and galloping like a racehorse won a good race from the favourite, who had Cantala in close attendance for third place. Notwithstanding the steadier carried by Intrepid in the Open Steeplechase he was freely backed by the public, and Euchre was supported by numerous friends. The favourite cut up very badly, and was out of it from the start. Actress made most of the running, and then gave way to Euchre, who was patiently ridden ; the latter came on in the straight, and beat the mare comfortably by two lengths. Nunnykirk beat the favourite Buzza easily for the Selling Ruce. The Flying Stakes brought out a number of candidates for the Maribyrnong Plate, at the 'V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Tangle was made first favourite, Prince George, Lesbia, Miss Panic, and others also receiving warm. support. Tangle got away well, and for half the distance was very prominent ; at the distance- post Prince George, answering gamely, came through his horses on the outside, and beat the favourite on the post ; Lesbia third, and the rest together. The Adelaide Hunt Club held its annual meeting on the 1st of October. Tho Selling Steeplechase was won by Momalong, and the Maiden Steeplechase by Regal. Roebuck beat Buccaneer for the Hunt Club Cup, Bound-to-win won the Hunters' Flat Race, Wait-a-while the Members' Hurdle Race, Hamlet the Drag Cup, and Roebuck the Hunters' Stakes. A two- days' meeting was held by the Maryborough nnd Carisbrook Turf Club on tho 28fch and 29th of September. Adele, by Fireworks, won the Maiden 'Plate ; and Afghan, by The Ace, carried off the Maryborough and Carisbrook Handicap. Gonzago beat Afghan the second day for the Tallarook Handicap, and Zanga Avon the Hurdle Race. The Stewards' Cup was an oasy thing for Little King, and Bushman beat a small field for the Town Plate. The intercolonial horses engaged in the approaching Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. are arriving, and mattei'3 just now aro busy in connexion with the great ovent. Mr. Mayo has Tiled a claim against the A.J.C. , under tho now Equity Act, for the stakes in tho race in which he and his horse Elastic and tho jockey wero dis qualified. The opening day of the 'V.A.T.C. Race meeting took place on October 13 at Caulfield, and notwithstanding the threatening aspect of the weather in the early part of the day, the attendance was very good. The late rains rendered the turf in excellent order, and the racing was of a first-class description. Five started for the Selling Race, for which Bruno was made the favourite, and he justified the opinions of his backers by winning easily ; Avon second, and Cora third. On being submitted to auction he was bought by Mr. Harvey for 75 guineas. Dhurringile went out. - a hot favourite for the Hurdle Race, and won as he liked j with Black Prince second, and ' Rhesus third. A large field came to the post tor the Great Foal Stakes, and again the favourite won. Frvingpan, who held a good position from the fall of the flag, came away in the straight and beat Satanella by a length, Creme de Bouzy third, ancLSeipio fourth. The Caulfield Guineas produced one of the finest races of the day, 'Wheatear beating Royal Maid by a neck, with Topaz third. Had the mare been able to get through earlier in the race, she must have won. Only two started for the Corinthian Handicap, which was won by . Mr. A. Chirnside on Robbie Burns, beating Mr. J. O. Inglis on Buzza, after a iino finish. Twenty-three faced the starter for the Tobrak Handicap, Tourmaline having the call in the betting. At the turn in the straight, Josephine came through the crowd of horses, and won easily, JBelladrum second, and Hilarious third. The final acceptances were made for the Melbourne Cup on October 13, when the large number of 59 horses were paid up for, as against 37 last year. All the principal horses are left in, aiid the list includes Mr. Maya's Hesperian and Elastic. The football season was practically brought to a close on the 1st of ! October, by a match between the Melbourne and Carlton clubs, which ended in a draw, each side obtaining a goal. The cricket season was opened on the same day by a number of scratch matches, but none of any great import ance have yet been played. - 