AMUSEMENTS. At the Theatre Royal last night Mr, Fred. Mara- den's drama "Eureka" was again produced. The play was performed smoothly and suc cessfully. Mr. and Mrs. Williamson have characters .which fit their respective styles capitally, and they render them entirely to the satisfaction' of their audiences, while the re maining members of the company work efficiently. No change in tbo programme nt this theatre is yet announced. "Faust'.' constituted a very attractive enter tainment at the Opera House last night, and a crowded audience enjoyed the representation of Guonod's great masterpiece. The work was pro duced with the same cost as whan previously given, and it was in every way as well received. This evening " Lucrezia Borgia" will bo finally performed. The announcement that Mr. Alfred Dampier would repeat his admirable performance of " Bel- phegor, the Mountebank" drew a splendid house to the Gaiety Theatre last night. Mr. Dampier acted with his accustomed spirit, and . carried his audience completely with him throughout the Slay. Little Rose Dampier also acted the boy ;enri very pleasingly, and Mr. Richard Stewart was most amusing ns Fanfarronade. The other patts were well sustained, Miss Adere making a particularly good impression. The same drama will be given again this evening, nud on Saturday night " It is never too Late to Mend " Will bu revived. The' Queen's Theatre was extensively patronised last night, and Mr. Walter Reynold's most suc cessful drama "Ould. Erin," vrttich bas had an excellent run, was again successfully performed. " Ould Erin " will bo- repeated this evening, and on Friday night Mr. Walter Reynolds takes a well-earned benefit, appearing on this occasion, for the first time in Syuuey, as " Con, the Shaagh- raun." On Saturday Miss Georgia Smithson is to appear as "Jo," in a dramatisation of certain por tions of Dickens' " Bleuk House." Tbe novelty of the performances of the Chinese Opera Company, together with -the attractiveness of tbe presents nightly distributed, took a large number of visitors to the School of Arts lost night, The programme was repeated as originally given, and no change in the ontertainment is yet noti fied. Mr. D'Arcy Read's amusing ghost entertainments retain their popularity. L.sc night mc Vtctuna Hall was largely attended, and the performance passed off well. On Saturday afternoon next M. Leon Caron's Melbourne Exhibition prize cantata, " Victoria," is to be given at the Garden Palncc, under Vice-Regal and distinguished patronage. Among tltosu to take part in tho production, are Miss Annis Montague, Miss Eva Davenport, Mr. Ctiurles Hueuerbcin, and Messrs. Charles Turner and Edward Farley. These leading artistes are to be supported by the members of the Montague- Turner Opera Company, aud of the Sacred Choral Association. M. Leon Caron will conduct. On 'i'uesdny next Mr. Wilson's Circus is to m ike its rc-appeqrance in its new and improved form in the Ilaymarket Reserve, 