I METHODISM AT BENDIGO IN 1853, AND SOME OF THE WORKERS. (By J. James.) To gather up the fragments is often difficult, sometimes impossible. To do so always pre-supposes two things, i.e. — fragments scattered abroad, and fingers to lav hold of them. But even with fin- gers to act it is not always easily done. If, however, there is a difficulty in picking up material things, how much more difficult to gather up fragmentary parts of scattered lives, and how the difficulty is increased when it is attempted to put them together and make them so fit as to resemble the original form. Moreover, life is so fitful and fleet here with us, that the portion of life that was lived from twenty-five to thirty years ago now ap pears to be so far back in the reeoras of time as t» well deserve the title of ancient history. Besides, the debris that flows down the stream of time accumulates so fast that- there is much to be removed in order to dig our way back to primitive goldfield times. The obstacles that lie in the way of getting into proper form a fairly accurate account ot most of the stirring incidents of religious life in the earlier times arc greater than generally falls to the lot of an historian, as in our case there are no musty records treasured up for future reference and information ; and it may be doubted whether one of all the busy workers at Old Bendigo in 1853 kept any further account of events than simply to note, if he were a preacher, the text he preached from. Digging and washing from about seven in tne morning until six in the evening ; then returning to the camp, boiling the billy, frying the chop, and getting through the meal, would fill in fully thirteen hours of the day. Then to don the clean blue shirt, and the other pants for the evening preaching- service or prayer- meeting, and to remain until about ten o'clock, would not leave much time for a " chiel to talc notes." The writer certainly has none, therefore has to fall back upon what memory fur nishes. But as I was more a participator iu the benefits than a sharer of the toil, I can speti: more freely. " There were giants in those days," but I was not one of them. This chronicle will simply deal with the work, and some of the werkers of Un church at the Seventh White Hill, during the winter of the abovenamed year. — i.e., 1S53. About four months was all the time I spent there ; but these months gave a tone and direction to many lives which has endeared the men to them who were God's agents in bringing about the change ; and the ties of affection then formed will never be b oken. I will not undertake to say who among these noble men is entitled to rank first in order of m. r.t ; but William Moyle must not be left until the last. He has long since gone to his reward, wbieh, for the work he did on the goldfields alone, is not inconsiderable. He could launch out in denunciation of sin ; he could not only advise, but lead the way in the path of virtue and honor, ,or he could with the stone in the sling penetrate the joint of the harness which encased sinners and bring them down literally in the dust, where, after the word had taken effect, they would tell the Lord their trouble, and He would come and heal them. Good Father Moyle was always richer in grace than in gold ; but having done his best to succeed he did not murmur. He left Bendigo for Ballarat in 1853, where he again trumpeted for the alarm to the god less and offered Christ to the penitent ; but soon left for South Australia, where he was called home. " The chamber where this good man met his fate" was a place of glory, for the angels of God came down where he lay and showed themselves to him. It was so real (to him) that he called his daughter, who was his nurse, and said, " Mary, they are here ; look at them ;" and she said, " What, father ?" He replied, " Oh, the angels have come ; don't you see them ?" Then they took him from the vestibule to the inner court, where, doubtless, he has' welcomed many a fellow-laborer iu the old Bendigo campaign. I think no one will be found to disagree with the order of names when I mention in such close conjunction with Father Moyle, James, or " Jimmy," J effrey. But who can describe " Jimmy P" Mark Guy Pearse might ; but I know of no one who could do it "fitly" but that prince of delineators of Cornish character, I. T. Tregellas, of " Cornish Tales" notoriety. The Rev. J. C. Symons could come as near to it as any Victorian I know. Though a comic character, he was a sort of Barnabas, " full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." "The sword of the Spirit, which is tli9 Word of God," was as real to him as his own life. He accepted that weapon, and sought no other ; but he had a way in wielding all his own. Talk of free-thinkers ; lie was one in reality. He never forgot what he was before the grace of God, which bringeth salvation, came to him ; and having experienced both bond age and liberty, he boldly avowed, " No book is like the Bible," with a freedom and heartiness, and often with such quaint- nessthatsmiles and tears would commingle. The first time I heard " Jimmy" was April or May, 1853, in the old dark tent that stood on the left of the road going from tne camp aown tne flat. don t remember the text, but I remember how " Jimmy" had hold of my attention. Then he broke forth in praise to God for de liverance from sin— " Bless the Lord, how happy l am;" and with the next breath most quaintly said — " How do you feel, brother, just behind the third button of the waistcoat ?" But though humorous, he never trifled. During the revival of that winter he threw his whole soul into the work, and is entitled to great credit. He did not " settle" there ; but having made a little money at digging, went either to Tasmania or New Zealand, and tried farming. He failed, came back to Vic toria, and about 1855 or 1856 took up his quarters at Ballarat, broken down in pocket, or, as he called it at a meeting at Mount Pleasant, " shigged." But, like Paul, " none of these things moved" him. He died in harness a short time since in South Australia, where he was engaged in tbe home mission work. William Rowe was an earnest, intelli gent preacher, of whom I have heard nothing since I left Bendigo. He came over from New Zealand, where he, had been " holding forth the Word of»Life" for several years, and I think he returned there. Many remember him with pleasure as a chaste expositor of the truth of God. Several others are lost to my view, some of whom, no doubt, are gone to their re- ward, while of a few it must be said — " They are out from us." Of the living much might be said. Though " scattered abroad," many of them are " toiling on." The scattering was not caused by persecution, as was the case with the church at Jerusalem ; but God had work elsewhere for these men to do in this new land. Old Bendigo was the spot where they received baptism of the Holy Ghost, and there for a while they con tinued, calling sinners to repentance, and cementing themselves together to Christ. The standard being raised, a goodly number of the standard-bearers went forth to other fields to gain further con quests. Among tbe more prominent of those who are still with us are Matthew Morgan, of Ballarat ; J. D. Mowbray, of Geelong ; and George Fizelle, of Sand hurst. .The latter brother remains at the same old spot, like a faithful sentinel guarding the old camp, and in every way possible devoting himself to the church's interest. To those whose knowledge embraces the history of Methodism on the goldfields, nothing could be more appro priate and pleasing than to see Bro. Fizelle take the chair as president of the Local preachers' Association in his own city in March last, at the annual gathering of that, body, when, on 't behalf of the local mem bers, he guv© a hearty greeting to the visitors. May his sun run a lengthened coarse, and then set in peace ! Brother Mowbray has continued to this day, and both in the Church and in State coutinues to do work of the greatest im portance. I know much less of him than u1 u1c ubuct , usui tu luc, iii iuu uuv5 ul uly youthful manhood, he was a teacher in the pulpit ; and though young himself then, his public utterances, and the force of his example, influenced and helped to give direction to my subsequent coarse. Brother Morgan is a very modest man, and would blame me for inserting a pane gyric in his praise. But a word, please, in the interest of this subject, and for the encouragement of young men struggling upwards in the same cause. He was an enthusiast. Night after Bight, during these winter months, in his digger's blue blouse, he was iu that tent laboring to bring souls to Christ, as though the fate of worlds depended on his efforts. That his and the efforts of others were successful everybody who has studied Methodism on tho goldfields knows; but to what ex tent is only known to God. Of the men who were brought to Christ I cannot now speak ; but will conclude by stating that the gathering together of these men at the Seventh White Hill in 1853 was one of God's plans for establishing His church on. a firm basis. Men had come from all puts of the worhl to seek gold, with the intention of speeriilv- returning laden with it. Hundreds of Christians in their wild haste hud grown cold at heart ; while thousands, in the flush of prosperity, rushed headlong into vices that, unless checked, must have ruined body and soul. Christian men in their individual capacity found it hard work to maintain their in tegrity in the teeth of the force of dissipa tion that raged and swayed the masses. But " the Lord" who " liath His way in 'the whirlwind and in the storm," had also a way in the diggings, and He brought these veteran fathers, and the more nu merous young men of the princes of His Israel together, where He blessed them and strengthened them, and where they en tered into a compact to prosecute the commission they had received. In due course God scattered them, sending many away, but keeping a few there. But the wisdom of G.id is justified by the results which w already see and enjoy. The standard of the cross waves in every gold- field of our land, numbers have steadily increased, "ana una, even our own (jocl, shall bless us ; God shall fcles3 us, and all their ends of the earth shall fear Him." — "Wesleyan Spectator." 