Music and the Drama. "IT novor raino but it ponra" ia an old aphorism, whioh may, without much impropriety, bo appliod to tho muaical ovonta of tho week. We have had during tho week a dolugo of muaib, sufficient to last na for a long timo to como, for although tho songs andaounda wo havo hoard have died away into silence, yot the Ghosts of them bannt our momorioB, and will not depart. Amongat tho muaical evonta of tho wook, the porformanoea of the Austrian Band oocupy a prominont piuco. On last Saturday afternoon thia ronowned band porformod a fino aoleotionof military muaio in the Gardon Palace, and in tho grounds adjacent to it. Thero waa a vory largo and very approoiativo audienoo, and consequently tho financial part of the proceedings was most satisfactory. Tho weather, though warm, was propitiously fino, and all went merry as a marriago bell. On Monday night, a moonlight concert was given by tho samo band in tho outor domain, whioh waa also largely attended. A fino programme was oxoouted in a style oommonau rato with tho suporior merita of tho mnaio. Another concert of a uko kind was announced for Friday night. Tho banialso gave an oroheatral conoert on Tuesday ovoning, in tho Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, whioh waa vory numerously attondod, and on Wednesday ovoning and Thursday ovoning they played olaaoioal muaio in tho aamo building, in combination with tho ronounod pianiat-Henry Kotton-to praise whom would reaemblo what Shakespeare calla " frilding refined gold and paint- ing the lily." Wo would suggoat to tho band, how over, that somo of the piceos an thoir programmoa aro rcpoatod too ofton, that tho "Bluo Danubo Waltzea" might.appropriatoly giro placo to waltzos hy other compoaors, that Baoh'a " Meditation " might Yory suitably moditato rotiroment, and that novoltioB would add greatly to tho charms of thoir oonoerta. Wo havo aldo boon favoured'with a Viait|from a company of attiata aa groat in tho rendition of vooal muaio as tho Anatrians aro in tho oxooution of oroheatral. Wo refer to Mian Chriatian, Mr. and Mrs. Turnor, and Mr. Farley. This magnificent quartott, ovory mombor of whioh is oxoollont in hia or her particular vooal rogiator, performed ooncortod piceos and sang a number of bailada at oonoorts in tho Maaonio Hall during tho weok to tho groat do light of admiring andioncos, A concert in aid of tho Chizlott fund waa advor tiscd to bo givon in tho Protootant Hall, Castlo roa*rh-atrooth on Friday night, under tho loadorohip of Horr ung» Alpon. Wo must, howeVAr. poatnono our romarka on thia conoort Until onr noxt iaauo. A woll-known Sydnoy resident juat rotnrned from a visit to Mnlbourno, Bays that " La Flllo du Tam- bour Major" ia tho boat mountod and moat amuaing opora put upon the oolonial etago witlun hin rocolloa tion-noarly a quattor of aocntury. Tho Opera Houao is being crammod nightly, and thoir appears no çhaaoo oí ita wi .adrtvm.1 foi somo time to oom©* . - Mr. n. It. Harwood, &p; tho half-blind Doxa, ha* aston- ished ovcry ona by his immense amount of genuino fun which he infuaea into tho pieo*. " Sinbad tho Sailor" is still running at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne Colo's Circus appears iu Sydney early in April. At tho PrinooBS's Theatre, ftlalbonrno, MÍSB Marion Willis is playing in a aenaational drama, " Behind tho Curtain." At tho Bijou Theatro, Molbourno, on Friday night, the Misses Poorwyn woro accorded a benefit, " Our Boys " boing porformed. Miss Louise Pomeroy is playing in "Romoo and Juliet " at the Theatro 'Royal, Adolaido, with Mr. W. Hoskina aa Friar Laurence The Hyporion Opora Company opened at tho Acadomy of Masio, Adolaido, on Monday last. JUowis's Juvonilo Pinaforo Company mado its first appoaranoo at Adolaido, at Garner's Thoatro, on Monday last. This (Saturday) evening tho Johnsonian Club, Brisbane, civo a bonofib to Mra. M. Tavaroa. Tho Oarandinis and tho Misses St. Clair aro in Molbourno. Julius Herz started tho Metropolitan Liedortafel, Molbourno, with only Bevon members. Tho good results of his energy aro now apparont. HOME NEWS,-At Hor Majesty's Thoatro," Aida," " Cannon," and "Maritana" havo boon given with great BUCOOBB.-At tho Court Theatro, on Dooomber 10, " Adrienno Loaonviour" waa civon, with Madnmo Modjcaka in the principal part. Torenca's " Andria" waa performed at tho Westminster School, early in D.ocembor last. It ia played ovory fourth year at that aohool. On Dooomber 13, Madamo Norman-Noruda againiled tho oponing'string quartette (Haydn'a in E flat, from Op. 71) at tho Monday popular conoort. On December 11 a musical burlesque entitled " Tho Merry Andria," founded on Toronoo's oomody of tho " Andria," the Westminster play for thiB yoar, was porformod at the rooms of tho Dilottanto Club, Argyle-atroot, London, boforo a largo audionco. 