THEATRE ROYAL, Mr. W. H. Lezke is another example of the legion of actors who have from the days of Shakspeare essayed the portrayal of his great creation, Hamlet, with but little more to recom- mend them as exponents of toe part than a love of Shakspeariaa tragedy. Mr. Leaks, like many of those who bava gone before him, has read, and probably even studied Shakspeare, until with the ambition wfaioh is characteristic of would-be professional stars he has donned the suit of sable and appeared before the footlights as the melancholy Prince. Mr. Leake'aeooeeptionaf the character as presented at the Theatre Royal on Friday night is neither better nor worse than that of many an actor who has trod the same Vir*l- before him, but Mr. Leake labors under physioal disadvantages that have not belonged to the majority of the miner Hamlets who from timetotimebaveappeaied at the Royal, in actor who, with but veryludifierentsuppurt,can suitain the weight of such a role with moderate success is deserving of a word of commendation for his perseverance, and his intelligent conception of a part that he is not altogether fitted to fill, and in this way only can Mr. Leaks be entitled to the approbation of the critic As a tragedian Mr. Leake is of too robust a type for the .-vsthetical Hamlet. In his movements he lacks the dignity of the prince and the grace of the courtier; and his tttteranoe is to much marred by his very pronounced Hibernia n accent that the beauties of the prin cipal peerages in the play are entirely lost by it. His reading of the part throws no new ligbt upon the vexed question of whether Hamlet waa or was not mad, and in no portion of the play did his rendition of the character rue above mediocrity. His belt effort, perhaps, was in the closet scene, which obtained for him the recognition of a call before the curUia. As we have before Indicated, Mr. Leake was bat lamely supported. Miss Kemble was not in her element as Ophelia. Although she appeared with credit in the earlier acts her assumption in the mad scene was inartistic, and her voioe wanted the musi cal softness that is necessary to enlist th« sympathies of the audience. Miss Julia Merton has not the emotional pow-er that is requisite in the Queen. Mr. Vincent, as the ghost, was care ful and effective in bis delivery, bat we ques tion whether, he was justified in making a run ning exit from the stage in the chamber scene. The other characters do not call for epsetal men tion, but may be described as weak throughout. " MY PAKTiSFR." Mr. W. H. Leake will appear this ereniug in a pitce entirely new to Adelaide entitled "My l'sitacr," in which he has won die god opinion of a large section of the press in the other col&nies.; "My Partner" is a drama illustrative of life on the Californian goldfields, and theoe fore contains some characters that are familiar to a colonial audience. The plot of the piece U told as follows:—Mr. Brandon (Mr. B. K. Jones), who was formerly a London merchant, and who is under a oloal, keeps the Golden Gate Hotel at Mount Soakta. Be has two daughters, Mary (Miss Myra KemMe) and Grace. Xheir mother is dead, and Miss BosiePeniiandaets as housekeeper. There is also a Obinese servant, Wing Lee, and among the patoons of the hotel are Major Britt, a stamp oreter and placehunter; Josiah doraggs, a crafty villain, who is in love with Miss Brandon; and the two partner*. Joe Baunders (Mr. W. H. Ltake) and Eed Singleton. Xhe former is a miracle of goodness, who combines the purest affection and the most devoted friendship with the loftiest spirit of self-sacrifice, whi'e SirgUtcu is little better than a selfish cad. Both axe in love with Mary Brandon, but when Saunders swamont op sufficient carnage to tell hex so, he dkooven that she has bE3o al ready seduced by bis partner, from whom he exacts an oath to make her the only reparation in his power by marrying her. Is the second act the two men agree to part aud divide their store of gold, concealed beneath the hearthstone; but Saundera refuses to take the proffered hand of his partner, and leaves him in possession of their hut and claim. Soraggs then appears upon the scene, and endeavors to poison Singleton's mind against Mary Brandon by representing her to have been the mistress of Saunders. This in flames the indignation of Singleton, who close* with the tradooer and endeavors to strangle him. Sctagga seizes Saundere's bowieknife, which has been left on the table when tile division of nuggets took place, aud stab? him to the heart. Singleton staggers to a chair, in which he dies, with his head on the table, and bU murderer, alter helping himself to tbegold, absconds. In the meantime Saunders, having relebted, returns to the hut to shake hands with Lib former partner, and addresses him in pleading accents. Bat there is no re sponse to his overtures, and taking him by the hand he is astounded to find that ie is cold, and that Singleton is dead. Of course Saunders is suspected of the murder; the eircamsbiutiat evidence is strong against him, and while the jury are considering their verdict be is allowed to visit the hotel on parole. Mary Brandon ties just return* d to it, after a clandestine flight, for the purpose of asking her father's iorgiveness; and, hi order to protest her reputation, as she has become a mother in ti-e interval, Saundera declares that she is his wile, but, failing to produce any documen tary evidence, he acquiesces in the suggestion of Mejor Britt, that they should be remarried, and theunien rakes place there and then. Sauu dets's conviction and execution appear to be inevitable, and Scraggs appears upon the scene to wit&ees; tfce triumph of his villany, when the fH l jriMr'«" fortunately discovers a wristband, fetained with blood, which the murderer tore off .and threw down a daserted claim. It it identified as having belonged to Scraggs, who is hauled off by an angry crowd to be lynched. Baunders is acquitted, and Mary Brandon, wh3 has discovered the sterling value of Sounders as compared with his partner, v made a happy woman, as well as an honest wifca 