fnteratsmial. NEW SOUTH WALES. 0 U R S Y D N E Y L E T T E IT. ►Sydney, December 11. A juh[’ has been given to the education question by a very masterly series of letters beaded “ breakers Abend,” addressed to the Sydney Herald by the I!ev. G. F. Macarthur, an Anglican minister and bead master of the King’s School, Parramatta. Mr. Macarthur is very severe upon his co-religionists, whom be condemns in the following fully deserved if unmeasured terms. He lias been speaking of the Government and of the teachers, and then goes ok to remark :— “ There remains but one class of persons wbo are by the terms of the- Education Act responsible, and upon them I am compelled to fasten the charge of neglecting a clear duty, a neglect which has robbed the Primary schools of that one subject which, of all other subjects, would chasten their secular work, and inculcate such holy principles of Christian conduct as by God’s blessing would deliver our children and the State from ‘ the evil.’ ('pern the Protestant, churches i fasten the blame. I exclude the Roman Catholic Church for reasons which will presently be come apparent. Yes, upon those Protestant Churches, which for years harassed successive Governments, and obstructed the passage of every Education Act that was ever proposed, hv their persistent and loud demands for a provision which should secure ‘ religious instruction’ as the essential element of what ever Education Act might be passed, upon them I fasten the blame. The present Edu cation Act has made the provision they demanded. It has given their ministers an absolute right to go into the State schools for one hour every week day. It lias made their ministers to be as essential to the efficient working of the system as are the paid teachers or the. inspectors. Jt follows that if the Primary schools arc not giving the daily religious teaching, they are. in that respect, failing to fulfil the intention and the provisions of the Education Act. Eor this poor-spirited and injurious lvmissness the Protestant Churches arc both responsible and culpable. But, surely, Sir, these churches which clamoured for religious instruction in the schools must have done something to prove the sincerity of their protestations. Well, let us sec. I only wish to deal whir facts. The question is, what arc these churches doing to supply this ‘ necessary service?1 I believe, Sir, that I am only stating the truth when I say that not. one of the Protestant- Churches, except the Church of England, lias made the slightest effort to utilize the opportunity which the Education Act affords them : and that, in so far as the Church of England is concerned, were if not for the self-sacrificing devotion of a, very few of her clergy, who, despite the unceasing labours in which their ordinary parish duties involve them, have ‘made time’ to visit, at intervals, some of the Public schools, we should be open to the same charge of neglect as attaches to all the other Protestant Churches. Excluding then the devoted efforts of a few of her clergy (whom may God reward), what has the Church of Eng land done? T am ashamed to answer the question : Absolutely nothing !” All this is undoubtedly true, and I will add, what Mr. Macarthur apparently did not care to say. it was because they hated “ Borne.” that the Anglicans so acted. They were obliged, on account of public decency, to clamour for the hour for religious instruction, knowing well that we never could avail ourselves of it. Having succeeded, as they thought, in crippling " Borne,” they let Christianity go to the wall, and did not disturb their enjoyments for the sake of lire souls of others. ‘‘ (), ye generation of vipers, who shall deliver ye from the wrath to come?” The health of the Archbishop has improved, 1 as appeared by a letter from his Grace read at the last monthly meeting in aid of the build ing fund of St. Mary’s. The time for open ing the Cathedral has not yet been lixed, but, if regret is felt that: the approaching Eea.st of the Epiphany will not, as at first intended, be celebrated in new St. Mary’s, all must admit the cogency of the reasons urged by the Archbishop in favour of postponing the “ opening day.” Plis Grace says, in a letter to the Vicar-General :—■ “ 1 find it will he impossible to open the Cathedral in January. Indeed, I agree with the treasurers, and yon and I both feel this strongly, that the debt should he considerably reduced before wc could undertake the re sponsibility of solemnly opening the Cathe dral for service. Before doing so we ought to he able to feel that the building belongs to the Catholic body and not to the contractor. A little cnergv would speedily reduce our liability ; and 1 think that when we have brought the debt down to between eight arid nine thousand pounds, we might very fairly set about making arrangements for the solemn opening.” Mutters political are still in xiafu qnu. The latest rumour has it that the Premier will leave for England at the end of the year but who is to take his place is not mentioned, ' and we are not informed whether Sir Henry means to resign or merely take leave of absence. 1 Ccember 20. Hre tin's roadies you you will have hoard of the circumstances attending the burial of the late Mr. Fitzpatrick. I have nothing- to tell von beyond what ha* appeared in the papers, except that there are two conflicting stories as to whether the deceased expressed a, wish to submit to the Church. .Uis (5race the Archbishop will hold an investigation on his return to Sydney, till which time I ad vise your readers to suspend their judgments. The case seems to indicate how some people can create embarrassing- complications out of the most simple events. Father tin.1 deceased was entitled to the rites of sepulture or lie was not. In either case I cannot understand how the present difficulty lias arisen. {Sir Ilenry Parkes has been delivering some unusually bombastic speeches lately. His. most remarkable utterance was on the occasion of a banquet held to celebrate the opening of a large building establishment at Granville, near Parramatta. The bon. gentleman told at enthusiastic audience, of his admirers “he had never shrunk from foes or truckled to friends.” When one recollects that Sir Henry once courted the Catholic supports and then invented the “ Kiama Ghost,” and stirred up more bigotry than ever existed in Australia before, it must be confessed that his stock of impudence is a large one. Has he never outraged his friends ? What about Mr. Darvall at the time it was sought to create Sir Henry Inspector of Prisons ? Could Air. Piddington tell no tale of conlidence be trayed ? But bold as the above statement was Sir Henry took a higher llight, and taxed the credulity of his hearers yet more when he said that he challenged the most adverse critic to say that he had ever sought to di minish the privileges of any class or any man.” This astonishing impudence of his shameless assertion recalls the advice given by the witches to Macbeth :—“ Be bloody, bold, and resolute.” Change the first word to “unscrupulous” and you have a famous re ceipt for anyone who wishes to become a leading politician now-a-days. The Premier also artfully took advantage of the excitement consequent on the Fitzpatrick case to de clare that “ he would not submit for one instant to the shadow of intolerance-” This may be very independent, but it savours of the spirit of Mephistopheles. Whatever Sir Henry may do it is certain that loyal souls will always be found who will gladly submit themselves to the easy yoke of Church discipline. As a writer in the Ex press justly remarked, the Catholic Church de fied Bismarck, and can therefore easily laugh at “ Parkes ’Enry ” ! At the breaking-up of the different Catholic schools and colleges, it was satisfactory to note that great progress has been made both in the attendance and proficiency of the pupils, as well as in the class of subjects taught. As was well remarked with reference to the schools of the Sacred Heart, Darlinghurst, “ Exhibitions of Catholic schools ought to be held if it were only to show the gushing admirers of superior public schools that there is really nothing superior in those establish ments. The weather has turned suddenly hot, but everything indicates a fine Christmas. The exercises of the Jubilee are now over, and preparations are being made in all the churches to celebrate the approaching festival in a be coming manner. While the communicants every Sunday in the Sydney churches can be numbered by hundreds, we can have no fear of the future of Catholicism in Australia. Despite infidel schools and the machinations of unscrupulous and venal politicians, defying alike enemies without and traitors within, we can address the Church of Australia in the words of the Psalmist of old, and say, “ In tend e, prospere, prorede et ret)no." As this will reach you just before Christmas, I wish you and all your readers success in your efforts to fight the good fight, a happy Christmas, and renewed energies to begin again your career of usefulness with the New Year ! 