TURF GOSSIP. Br F.ucos./ At this period of tho year thoro is always a doubt as to the state of tho weather — whether it will he propitious or otherwise — and our winter moetiugs are of course liable to ho affected by the uncertainly. As u rule, however, wo have littio to complain of, and .seldom is a postponement found to ho necessary. When our meetings arc around Melbourne we ctm gauge the climate with some degree of certainty, and decide incur minds whether they will lake place or itavo to lio put off \- until a fnturo day. When, on tho other hand, they are to tako place some distance away, it is Hot easy to toll what will bo thoir fate. WI1011 wc left town on Friday, tho 29th July, for Ucolung, on all sides ono might hear a prophecy that when . the mist and fog cloared we should ho rewarded with a beautiful day, and wo wore therefore surprised on arriving at Goeion'g to find that a wlrei was very nearly being forwarded to Mel bourne IS slop na from undertaking tho journey. ' It had been raining heavily at Geeloag, us tho roads, meadows and streets bore evidence, and tho saddling paddock was very squashy and moist. There had been sufficient also to make tho course heavy and holding, aitd tho result was that it was considered questionable if the chances of certain candidates might not ho affected also. Fortunately tho weather was fine, though occa sionally our pleasure was threatened by a few- stray drops, which seemed like tho tail end of some passing shower. On tho other baud, the club bad been the reverse of fortunate in its ac ceptances, consequently the fields were small, and excitement appeared to languish, hut after the Trot was over things began to mend, folks looked more cliecrful, anil they seemed to forgot their momentary disappointment. The Molbourno brigade may lie put down at 500 persons, and had the local division given in return two for 011c, the club would have had roason to bo satisfied, though I am afraid it fell far short of this number. First came the Trot, ten liorses issuing from the pad dock to contest the race. Of these Von Moltkc and Brown Hawk looked most like furnishing tho winner. I say lints much without reference to the handicap, which was of course unfavorable fo these well known performers. The result was a victory for a useful inure called Black Diamond, who received 750 yards start, Van Moltkc coining Irani: second. Sovcn horses catnc forth for the llurdlc Bace, Dimrringile supplanting Cumber land in the post of favorite ; then cauio King of Trumps. Thcso throe looked remarkably well, and were no doubt the fittest horses of those that ran, Dhurringilc never perhaps being hotter. Cumberland was ridden by Batty, whereas Dhurringilc was steered by I'. Ilcywoo I, in placo of his hrotlier Phil, who is much annoyed at sonio observations which appeared concerning liiB riding in the late Hurdle Itace at Caulfield, anil declares he will relinquish the saddle, which, let us trust, is a threat that can and will he recon sidered, for Hcywooil is too good a rider and too estimable a young fellow to he spared 011 sucii a slight provocation. As to the race, between six and scvon furlongs from homo Rhesus, Cumber- laud, Dhurringilo and King of Trumps may bo said to have appeared to bo the best in the race, when suddenly Cumberland was seen to possess a long lead, followed by New Zealand, while the remainder wero pulling up or pulling oil". Rhesus had run off Dhurringilo and King of Trumps, and had himself jumped tho wing and spoilt the race. Many were the imprecations lavished 011 Chalker's head— tho rider of Rhesus —aud tliore wero plenty who declined to accept it as due to accident, and by many it is thought that the stewards should at ail times investigate these accidents, and if found to have been caused by careless, reckless or unfair rid in", that they should mark their disapprobation of such acts. As it was, nothing was dono, and the backers of tho favorito had to lament tiicir fate. From tho way Cumberland finished it was quite possible for hiiu to have keen beatou had all. the horses gone straight. The Winter Handicap was reduced to four runners, which was anything but satisfactory, anil Mr. Barnard attributes it to pandering to tiie wish for higher weights than usual. Otherwise, had he commenced a stone lowor lie feels confi dent that ten or twelve horses would have bcon found at tho post. This is very possibly correct, for where one man will run his horse in a. high handicap, a dozen generally will do so under light weights. No doubt tho owners argued that if thoy showed their aversion to the heavy scalo at Ucclong, they might reckon on- a lighter one for the Caulfield August Mooting, and thoy may he correct Of course it is not competent for 111c to say that tho reduced field was due to this cause, but if it was hot, then to what was it due'.' Although four only started, it produced a fine race, Nappcr Tandy only beating tho favorito Kohinoor by hnlf a head. Nappcr was very fit, and tho small field suited him, yot it is thought that with an artist ou his back the son or King Colo should have won. Attache looked fresh and well, hut could not stay ; and Verdure is at pre sent loo green und too impetuous and irritable. I liko her formation, and shall expect some day to sec lier win a good race. Again was. the number four in the Steeplechase. Poor old Bine Jacket lias lost his pace, so left tho contest to the other three, who made a very prolty race of it, though Collingwood always held the upper haml of thorn, and at the cud won rather easily. Victor run his best, and Rangor I. have long considered no good. Old Nimrod had no difficulty in winning the Sell ing Hurdlo Race, and retuvnod to his stable at 25 sovs. A protest was entered againBt him 011 the ground of wrong nomination, tho result of which has not transpired. Bruno, The Ghost and Nap- por Tandy were all hacked for tboRaihvay Stakes, the Gkost party being very sweet ou his chance, but ho tired towards the end, another victory being scored by Nappcr Tandy. Should any doubt tho interest wo take in the conduct of our racing institutions lot them attend .in annual mooting of the Victoria Racing Club, such as was held on Monday lust at Mcnzics Hotel; where they will get an insight into the way wo both support and conduct our racing in stitutions. Tho largo room was crowdod to suffo cation, and scvorat members took part in tho debate. As the printed lists had been in tho hands of monikers for some time before, and were therefore well understood, tho custom of reading through tho balance-sheet was suspended, and very rightly 30 too, for no ono wished again to wndo through the items they had so well digested. It was enough to know that the credit balance was £1118 larger than it was in tho preceding year, and I tako it Mr. Mooro will show 11 still larger ono in tho year to come, as caclt year there comes loss necessity for laying out money. It is nstonishing the amount of money that goes through the hands of tho club each year. As to the ponsion to tho widow of tho late secretary, Mr. R. 0. Bagot, thorc wero different opinions us to how it should be done. Ono argument against the pension of £200 per annum was that tho club could only provide for tho widow from year to year, and ulthough it was most improbablethatany future committee would disturb or slop the grants still it was felt that even committees aro capricious and unstable, and as n real kindness and benefit was intended that it would bo better to grant ono Jump sum anil secure tho said lump beyond revoke. To this no one in earnest or intent on doing a substantial OV » ivw uir.1 is v.uj wuuu UUJWtum in tUoso who had thought tho incomo proposed was sufficient for nil purposes. The discussion is likely to lead to higher benefits than thoso origi nally intended, as it will in all probability insure an income to the widow equal to £200 per annum, whereas tho capital amount invested will bo held in trust for her children. This is the act .of a kind and benevolent body of won, and another, oxaraplo of tho liberality and opondmndedness of liritifih sportsmen, who aro over roady to aid their brethren or their families when afflicted, with illnoos or in distress. In order to tako tho sense of the club as to this act, a special meeting is to be called ntnu early day.' That some sub stantial recognition of tho. Borviccs. of tlio Into Mr. R. O. Bagot should bo made wns ngrocd on all hands, and who could raiso an objection when not only are his services remembered, but also those many docds of kinduess and gene-' roaity which aro to bo met with sown broauciist wherever his cheerful voice or genial presence penetratod ? Although there has been no outward' demonstration over his los3, lam perfectly Bittis- fic.l that there is not. a man who once knew hira that docs not honor his name, as thoy regret hi los3. #Mr. Leonard carried his motion, permitting starters to assign a position in the start they thought proper to refractory horses, a power I hope to boo tempered with moderation by men who aro only tomporarily indulged with the wielding of tho fiag, ami who amy be inclined to administer tho law somewhat loo liberally. A ballot was taken for tho new committee, which was in favor of Messrs. C. I. Fisher, J. L. Pnrvcs, M. O'Sbnnnssy, A. W. Robertson, Geo. Watson and Capt. Staudish. The first annual meeting of the Victoria Club (TaUctsall's) was held at tho Prince of Wales .Hotel, Bourkc-strcefc,on Tuesday last, when a very satisfactory balance-sheet was read, showing 273 subscribers at 3 guineas, and 181 lion, members at 1 guinea, making an income of £1003 16p, Here all members aro equal, whereas, in tho old club, tho bookmakers had to pay 2 guineas subscription, and au extra 5 guiucas for plying their vocation. Now all members pay 3 guinea?. Against the receipts the highest claims are for rent, printing, stationery, telegrams and secre tary, leaving .a balance to the credit of the club of £419 4s. 4d. Mr. Thomas llaydon, the secretary to tho club, whose .salary hud been set down at £125 per annum, received a gratuity of £75, and was rated at £200 per annum in the future. Messrs. .Tames Grico, A. F, Sullivan and 9UI11I 11 II I L VI MgliUf II , HIG IU11II1I£ IIIWIUUVII7VH.UIU- mittec, were re-clcctcd. It will be seen thai there are excellent accept ances for Wyndhum Ibices, which take place to day, there being eighteen in the Winter Handi cap ' u docn in the Selling Handicap ; eight in the Hurdle Race and seven iu tho Steeplechase. There will be a special train to the course, aud with the many improvements recently added by the club, a very pleasant afternoon may bo spent. In another column will be found the weights for the Baliarat handicaps, which take placo on Thursday, 11th inst., on the old course at Dowling Forest, In tho Itimlle Race .Sir Peter commences with 12 et. 7 1b., ending with Red Rover, 9 st. Fuch liorses ns Dutchman, Alfred and Van Tronip are the best in, but of these some are said to be amiss, or not going, so wo must look for something higher for tho winner, which inight come from Rataplan, if as well as ho was at Bendigo. And there ought to be nothing much better than Marie in the Mile Handicap, unless it is Bruno or A. B C. ; and per haps Abdullah and Collingwood will be the best horses to stand on in the .Steeplechase. _ With the exception of tho Railway Handicap this is a heavy handicap meeting : and as the stakes arc not transcendently large, it is hard to say whether owners will send their top-weighted hor«es. Our horse owners arc not accustomed to tho heavy scale, and there is no saying how they will take it. Otherwise, I could wish that all jumping races were framed on this scale, so that men could ho found to ride them in reasonably sized saddles, in place of five pounders, which wc sometimes see being placed on tho backs of our jumpers. AU particulars as to special train ac commodation, Ac., will bo found advertised later on in tho daily papers, and I hope nil lovers of tho ancient golden city will rally to assist this meeting on the 11th instant. President was scratched for ' the Baliarat Hurdle Rf.ce on Tu' sday, 2nd inst. On Monday next nominations will bo received by tlio secretary of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club for tho meeting to tike place on the club's grounds at Caullicld on Saturduy. 20th inst, and us the programme is both varied and liberal there is little doubt that owners andtrainera will will ingly respond to the invitation to enter. The programme commouccs with a Handicap Selling Flat Race, which is a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added, over half a inilo. After the entry is made thchorsca will boduly handicapped, and when the rcspcctivo owners of horses in tlio race know their weight, they will thou be at liberty to place any amount on their horses thoy may seo lit, and reduce their weight accordiug to inclination. They must do .this; however, aud declare their acceptance on or boforc Wednesday, 7th inst., at four p.m.. which ucccptanco en tails no further charge. Next comes tho Handi cap Hurdle Race, of 3 sovs. each, with 75 sovs. added, ono mile and a half. Considering tho season of the year this is a liberal prize, for it is uot every horso that is now fit to take the fichl, consequently a larger donation would be a risk. The third raco is a Hunters' Stakes, of 50 sors., for amateur riders, aud it is to be hoped that Mr. Barnard will not be afraid of commencing on a high scale, otherwise riders will be difficult to procure. The Balaclava Stakes is a handicap of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added, one mile and a furlong, a distance a host of liorses should be able to travel, therefore n liberal entry is ex pected for this prize. Tho second horso receives 15 sovs. out of the stakes, which, although not a vast sum, mny prove some littio solace to tho horso that is disappointed of the first prize. Thoro is also a Steeplechase, with a sweepstakes of 3 sovs., with 75 sovs. added, which should en list a good nomination, as t hero arc plenty .of horses in training that have not bceu too fortu- nato in their ventures across country. This pro-, gramme is admirably adapted to a winter's after noon amusement, and owners must not forget that the day of nomination is on Monday next, at the offices of the club, 100 Bourkcstrcet west, and those -persons living at a distance would do well to Bond their cntrie? by lotter, so as to nr- rivo on the Monday morning or tho previous Saturday, for they would bo pcrmittod to raako niiv crnsuro from Knob onlri' bv u-tro nvlor 4n Monday, at four iuu. Tho Mnrritmbidgee Turf Club bare received ox- ccllont nominations for their mooting, 23rd, 2-ltU and 25th November. There would appear to bo30 entered for the Wngga Gold Cup, and of this lot Canary, Fctrol, Woodlands and Odd Trick .nro belonging to Victoria, and the remainder to Non- South Walos. There aro two in excess of tliis number in tbo Grand Stand Handicap, and only wanting one to make thirty in tho Town l'lato.. Then nineteen have joined tho Hurdlo Race, and ten the Steoplecbnse. Our wirc3 from Sydney give us the onirics for tlio Ilawkesbury Meeting. If correA, then there aro oight only in the Hurdle Raco ; twelve iu tho Public Auction Stakes ; thirty-seven in tlio County Purso ; fifteen in tlio Maiden Pinto ; thirty in tlio Members' Handicap ; fiftcon ill tho Prince of Wales Stakes, and twenty- fivo in tbo Turf Club Itnndicap ; with sixty in tho Claret Stakes. This is the opening meeting of the now racing season, and should bo attended with every blllbtSiT. In nnothcr column of The. Lender will bo found tho weights For Tatlcrsall's Rasa Meeting in Sydnoy, to tako place 011 the 13tl> inst. Tho meeting is scarcely important enough to attract any but two or tbroo bookmakers from here. It is complained that registered jockoys wore again wndo to pay 19s. for admission to iho Gee- long saddling paddock. . Tlio raco this year for tho fomod Goodwood Cup onded in tbc defeat of Fomaiuluz— brother to Isouoniy. Ho was a great favorite, but only got third to Du Barry, who was first, and Netting- linui second. The great rivals Robert the Devil - and Bend Or did not start. Tho winner is by Robert Houdiu from Betty. A meeting at Kensington Park is announced for Mondry, 15th inst. Tliore nro to lio a Hurdlo Raco, Galloway Race, a Welter Race, a Steeple- chase, a Flat Race, a Trotting Raco and a Selling Race. Mr. James Terry, the secretary of Tattcreall's Clnb in Sydney, may bo congratulated upon Iho excellent entries ho has received for tlio mooting to he held on Saturday, 13lh August. Ail tbo stakes have filled well, there being over thirty liorses in the Tramway Stakes, tlio other races being also satisfactorily provided for. Monday last was an ovcnlful day in tho career of our racehorses, inasmuch as tlio.v all became a year older on 1st August. Those liorses llmt were entered for our great spring liandi -aps as two- year- olds now rejoice in being rated ono year older. A match was run on Monday last hctwoon tlio once hurdlo racehorse l'.G. and President. The distance was a niilo, tlio weights 9 st. each, and the course the Flemington training ground. The match was for £10u. There was not much hotting, the wagers boing in small amounts, F.W, having the call. Tho race was not long in doubt, P.G. drawing away from his opponent and win ning easily. From the secretary of tho Pleasant Creek Racing Club we hoar that tlio annual rnccs there will take place on 2Gth and 27th Decouibcr. The Mark Tree Line races nro nppoiutcd to take place 011 Wednesday, Kith insi. The rumor which has bcon going the rounds of the clubs to the effect that Monmouth was scratcliol for tlio A.J.C. Derby is incorrect. Although it is within the hounds of possibility that he may bo withdrawn later on. Colonel John W. Conley has written to Mr. J. J. Miller by the last mail from America to say that, the filiv Nina, by Contractor from Ncilsoll It., was taken very ii! just as I10 took his depar ture from America, and congratulates Mr. Miller on bis good fortune in not having tnkon the filly with him, as slio would assuredly have died 011 the ropigc. lie also says lie has been to see several young horses by Contractor, and that lie nevor looked upon more promising animals, and predicts n great future for iiis progeny. There is 110 doubt Air. Miller lias conferred n lasting benefit on tlio continent of Australia in thus im porting so good and useful a sire as Contractor. Mr. I'll i Jellott purchased tho hurdle raco horse The Nut, at Doniliqnin, for 5Usovs. I soe that Air. liolnml lias supplied the missing link between the public and llin Caulfield Cup, and I should think his seance on this raco would meet with a largo response. A sea lire on the Caulfield Cup is to be preferred to tli.it on the Melbourne Cup, as it is a far more open race of tlio two, being only a mile and n quar ter anil a distance, instead of two miles. From remarks which have reached me outside I am inclined to fancy that Air. Roland will speedily meet with ilia 1000 correspondents. It is generally agreed on all sides that this is a better race to speculate on, and oven to open n book upon, than tlic Molbourno Cup, only that it being less known to tlic jmblie. they may not so readily join in tlio venture. When it becomes better known it wiil rapidly mature, and Air. Roland will have the felicity of knowing that he was tho first to stop into the broach and supply a want nskoJ for liy many. I confess to a very strong desire for once to become a sliare- ' holdor. Mr. H. Weeltcs lias sold Inicy to Mr. P. Glenis- tor, and purchased Jack Tar from Air. Rclinali. . This clever game liuidicraccr will shortly Icavo for India, l'anjec, Fairlic, Grab. Western Priu- cess, Country Girl and Maid of all Work arc con- on the high sens ploughing their way to tlio samo destination. Mr. Martin I.ouglili:i made a present of Bluo Jackotto Mr. Norman Wilson, to carry Mrs. Wil son, prior to his race at (Icciong. The old grey is a splendid lady's horse. Mr. William Glasscock is about proceeding to India with a shipment of horses. Tim racelior.503 Belladrum nnd Arcrcury have gone into Mr. Robert Scvior's stable to lio trained for thoir. engagements. Mr. .Tames Rcdfcarn is leaving bis farm near Geelong, and is going to Wiltiainslown to train hnving come to terms with Mr. C. B. Fisher for the place. Air. _ Bulilort, secretary of the Baliarat Turf Club, intend- having a race meeting at Dowling Forest on lloxing day. A welslier in Kngland snatched a ticket from a client wiion called upon for the monoy. repudiat ing tlio wa"or. lie was, however, apprehended, given in charge, tried, and sentenced to seven years' imprisonment for stealing tlio ticket. On Monday noxt, tho 8th inst;, arc duo 'tho general entries for the Australian Jockey Club Spring Meeting. At the same time tlic first forfeit for the Aletropolitan Stakes becomes due. The general entry for the Sydney Turf Club will also be received on tho same day. Tbo gallops at Randwick in tbo mornings are thus represented in last week's Sydney Mail : — "Beautiful weather and a bracing cool breeze wel comed tbc horses and thoir squires to Randwick on Tuesday morning, when a lot of solid work wns done, but nothing occurred to influence tbc prices upon tlic important events of tlic future. Amongst tbo first to put in an appearance upon tbo inner track wore fivo of Fennclly's young sters. and thoy were treated to steady work, which tlioy performed in the mast docile manner. Ross sent Clancarty anil Tindcrbox a canter, winding up with n fast half-mile. Carmon did long, steady work, and wns rattled along for about a mile, and Kerolito did similar .work. Advent, Sir Oliver and Tho Gazer cantered ; and after Lord Clifdcn bad dono a qniot once round, bo was joinoil by Cadmus, and tbc pair went, about, two miles and a half, tbc last portion of tbc trip at a good pace, and Cad mus showed tbc possession of a great amount of pace, while Lord Chfdcn's fino commanding stylo of going attracted particular attontion. A little micr 011 jjcgoruumain aim iv arirawit uui a coupio of turns very nicely, and Tito Witch and Yaucluso cantorcd. Fragments and Hotspur, the jumper, wore treated to twico round ; and Etna and Gloucester were asked to do the samo kind of task with n merry run homo, tbc colt, if anything, having tlio most to say. Afcnmoutb nnd Tlio Pontiff went. tivico round, both moving in grand form ; but the Derby colt is still n great deal 011 tbo stout side, nnd will require to bo rattled along if lie is to piny n prominent part in our Derby. Bathurst nnd Martindalo cantered, and then ran a fast mile, tho former holding bis own liko a racehorse with the son of Muinbracc, who is in gicat heart aud nevor looked bettor. Tbc last-named is for salo, and any ono in senreli of a inoro than useful animal, to bring grist to tbo mill during tbo ensuing season, might go fnrthor and faro worse. Crcswick and Courtcnay did a good working gal. lop twico round, both sbnping well, and tlio former liuving the most to say at tlio end. Sar donyx nnd another wore sent a useful gallop ; anil Barmaid and Tho ; knave put 111 a croditablo coupio of rounds ; while Templar did tho samo distance very nicely, Lomond sent .Spinningdalo and Primrosoa smart onco round ; Wheatoar and Zulu went a nico -gallop ; and tbo others of tbo string workod' steadily. Mistake. Alurray and Tattoo porformod onco rounu at an average paco, and then, tbo ' eolt retiring, tlio other two performed a serviceable twico round. Throo timcsround was apportioned to tlio brotliors Lord Lisgar and Lord Burgblcy, some of tbo trip being got over at a good paco. Master Avcnol and Sweetmeat were sent n coupio of turns at a serviceable bat, and tho pair arc eoming on woll. Tho tan was patronised by. Democrat, Woolsorterffor salo), Sunsct,:Cbildors, Albion, Stralhcarn, Sir John, Doctor, Stanley, and othors; and a great number of others, including a lot of youngstors, porformod quietly on tbo different tracks. It " was very cold at Randwick 011 Thursday, but thoso who faced it witnessed a lot of strong work. I'cnnolly's . youngstors cantered on tho imjcr track, und Walsh sent Tho Gazer, Sir Oliver and I Advent, with the colors up, nnd tbc two firat- named ran homo smartly. Lord Clifdon and Cadmus put in a really good twico round, and Kerolito was soul a long and strong jouruoy, Clancarty and Tindorbox did a fast onco round. Prince, Sterling, Bonny Blink and Lord Lnftus wore treated to about a niilo and a quarter, tho last half mile at a solid pace. Sardonyx and a companion vantorod a couple of miles, and then ran a fast half-mile. Spinningdalo and Primi03a were rattled along for a milo, and both look and go well. After cantering, .. Zulu nnd Whcatear did a smart half-mile ; nnd Sweetmeat, Master Avenel, Wnrlmwk, Lcgordc- inuin, Lord Burghloy and Lord Lisgar performed steadily. (Juiet work was dono 011 tlio tan by Tho Pontiff, Strathoarn, Sir John, Lady Louisa, Sun set, Childers, Hccla, Gloucester, Moninonth, Alartindnlc, Democrat, Bathurst and a lot of otlicra, including Alison's atriiig and a number of Harding's. From Alaitland wo Icnrn that Tlio Gom and Hesperian, under the care of J. Moore, continue to do well, nnd that they arc in excellent condition for Iho timo. Sccundus ami Elastic aro not quito so forward, but Mr. Alayo lias them botli sound anil well, llypatia and Daginar aro doing gculio work. Valentine continuos to improve, but Whirlwind, having met with a trilling accident, lias only been asked to do walking oxorciso of late, and tlio enforced spell is just what sbo requires." Napoleon, by Tim Wliifllcr (imp.), out of I'arisienno (imp.), by The Nabob from Partial, by Birdcntcher, a handsome horse, and once highly thought of, is going to stand at Longford, Tas mania, where lie should bccomo 11 great and Stirling acquisition. This horse is the sire of tho Into Prince Imperial. I hear that Baltic and Constance will lcavo for India about the middle »t the month. 