Wxi mh %Hnmt. The dairymaid pensively milked the goat, And pouting, «he paused to matter, ' I wish, jou brute, you woald tarn to milk ? And the animal turned to butt her. 'There goes the oelebrated Mr. O., the lame lawyer,' remarked a lady to her companion as he passed them in tbe street. 'Bxoose me, madam,' said he, turning sharply, 'yon %tb mistaken— s- lame man, not a lame lawyer.' 'I was not aware that yon knew him,' said Tcm Smith to an Irish friend the oth9r day. ''Knew him ?' raid be in a tone which compre hended the knowledge of more than one life. ' I knew him when his father was a boy.' A Dutchman having recently heard ram Galled epitits, aeked the waiter sit an inn, who had given him grog too much reduced, ?? Vat ter tejfel for jou don't put plenty of ghosts on top of de water ?:- *'My hn^bacd always tells me everything that tappeni-,' said Mrs. Smith, iu a delighted, happy tcue. 'That is nothing,' said Mrs! Jccep, ' dj- bosband tells me any number of things that dou't happen.' A very ngly woman, toying with a pig dog in front of a c&fe; on the Boulavard, said to Custy— ' Rise, and I will give jou this pieoe ol pogar.' A street atab passing by exclaimed, 'Don't; the asks too high a price for tier tngcr !' A person overheard two countrymen, wh» were observing a naturalist in the field collect ing insects, cay one to another : ' What's that fellow doing, John ?' ' Why, he's a naturalist.' 'What's tbat?' 'Why, one who catches gnats, to be sore.7* A woman accidentally went to church with t» o bonnet* on her head — one stuck inside the other — and tbe otber women in the congrega tion almost died of envy. They thought it was a ce« kind of bonnet, and too sweet for any tLin£. A yoncg wife remonstrated with her husbsndV a dissipated spendthrift, on his conduct. 'My love,' said he, ' I am only like a prodigal sou. I shall rtform by-and-by.' ' And I will be like tbe prcdigal son, too,' one replied, 'for I will arice and go to my lather.' 'Have yon (iveo electrioity a trial for your ccmp'.aiut, mac em V aeked the minister &a; is tct-k tta with the old lady. -? Kieotrioitj !' said she. ' Well, yen, I reckon I has. I was struck by lightiirg l&st; summer, and hove out tne vvu- dow, but it didu't seem to do me no good.' 'You see,' said a lively old Aberdeen bachelor, on being advised to get married, ?' yoa Bee, I can't do it, because I could not marry a woman 1 didn't respect, and it would be im pofeible for me to respect a woman that would consent to rc&rry; me.' When Beaconsfield was young the Dake of Rutland Entered at hid. Dierseli ha4 a long memory. Hetnrning from Berlin in triumph, after jeere, somebody said he would ba mvie a Sake. ' I. a £-uke,'~he exolaimed with feigned receDtmeiits, ' make me a Duke '. Why, iijt lend's a Dake !' Ibe 'Breakfast Table' dishes up this food for tborfcht:— 'When the funny man ot a London caiiy writes a good joke the editorial stiff is called up, oysters are served, and the paper don't appear that day. And it is a no:e wtrthy fact no London daily has missed a paali cation day for ten yean back.' A Cockney being oat one day amusiDg him self with shootirjg, happened to fire tbroub'h a hedge on tbe otber aide of which a man was peeing. The ebot passed through tbe nun's hat, but miesed the bird. 'Did j ou fire at me. Bit ?'' lie hastily asked. ' Oh, no, sir,' sai-i che ehtewd 8pott8man, 'I never hit what I ore at.' ' Dovey,' he said, ' I think I was telling yoa after I came home last night about the ueoea sity of eome retrenchment, in oar expenditure, was 1 not?' 'Well, really, I've forgotten, John.' the anstreied, nonchalently ; ''turn on. the phonograph and see.' He tamed ic oa and ell it caid vie, ' Whazser mazier — (hicj — Hazier? Wb*z:er maiztr ?' .An Irith agent having been instruottd to isise rent*, called a meeting of the tenants and spi'iiced tbem of tbe intention. ' Yo.i cm eftord it,' t&.d he; 'see how prices hive ritin.'' Siit-Lcc wm broken by an old farmer, »hc t-«-id, '? 'Vts, there is no denjio^ oa that. Ib utt d to cost a jiouud to get au abject slioc, »ud low, be jatcrti. it csii'c be done under tifo.' The rente iihve not been laited. There is % irt stage boy in Kew Turk who cill puibtbly not have much trouble ia holding uis own iu tins vmji la. Ceut by niu employers tor fciiLe money at Ilo tm.uk, lie was cuaiitiurf his moLtv wbtn a b» ht&aacr; hsid, ?? lTou've Jrcvpdd & bill,' Keniombtticjr, ihegaaie, ititcad oE atoop mg down, he ju;,t urn Lin imt uu tae bill and continued couiitiog When tnfuugu he p'.clcecL nn the bill &ud; tsu* w&lkmir; nft' whan tnc ,iir. siabritrrernuked, 'I guets I wai mirtaken. X mutt have dropped the bill mjec-H.'' 'X':l k«ep it to lemember you by,' saiu tne buv, aoue (vent a«sy. 'When we »ie old, Olaude, we afcall still be loveif,' the said, gczing into bin eye? with sue tnplure oi a gittea woman who writes poetry ior tie Hotton papers. 'The warm cues ot ojr jcuthful oflecuou shall never fade, but oaly grow brighter ee vre draw nearer to the aun-et. We efcull etill sitia the hash of tbeaainm^rcves, »Ld feed our soulu on the postry of ths tears, (tail we not ?' ?? Well, h»rdly,' aus vered Clande, ' oulese you want ma to remain up cili d&) break busting jour old back with arnica!' Ihen she bit oil' a tre?h cbuus of cheivicg gom, end the iO'y toned that broke tue uleuce wae the cru^hiug ol bur yold plug^ad molars. He had returned with his wife fromaeaiiaier vacation at the tebeide, and he stood iu frou . at tbe Louse giving a lriend a graphic account, of the season's pleasures. ' Weut in batting every day!' Co exclaimed, enthusiastically. ' Ah '.' responded his trieud, *' wife go ia to j? ' 'Uh, Jfs; every day,' said the returned v*;» t-.cnibt. ' Oau the awimr' queried Via tcirud witn seme interest. '.No-o, «be can't,' v/at tne reply. ' She tried and triea to Itaca, bat s j ue hctfffche didn't get the hang of ll. Sau said aae couldn't get the rigbc kick, and I lot her tuiulc that mas tbe reason; bat the l»ct wt,' — and here he looked up at the huusu, aud eaub r.is voice to a bo&ree; aspiration— 'tua tact wai a tie cuclcii't ktep Jbtr cuuth shut long eaoagu to take fcur strobes before sbe'd u»fu soma o.ily rtmaik to make, wnen kertrash — sbe'il o^a-.uw a whole wave ana go plump to tht bottom ;' aud. the husband winked rapidly as the scene »-» recalled to mind, and he went iulo thocujse chuckling wiib ^lea^ute. ButLe b&du;'caoticad a woman's faoe peering out of tbe cutbaiuB ut a ihieeu window. Xbe acquaintance uw tue front; CoLr open quickly, taw a hand reach out aad 1'iOfE the fctesice boarder bv the oollar. a**- the tieelu cf that individual crack his back us he eLot. thrcDgh tbe do;r, which tlaaiinud cobiad. his vsiiitLiug form, htard a wild and m.lled Loiee as cf a human body being hauled ovkc a tat-iacfe aud b&Dgcd; against a wall, and hwi.d a itiffltd voice like uuto that ot aa eura^ei woman say, ' Take that back bud I'll Ut you up- jouwoll-e\eu yahoo.' And tun acquaintance,, with countenance of wonder aud alarm, pasoea on, bobbiDg his head in a bewildered mwo.c. He was probabiy from Dead wood or Cluster City, or the Gounison Valley, or from some of the other places where they wear one shirt for tcrce monies acd cave no other criau eioep: ta cie with their boots on, no matter bo n an ay f qusre fett of cowhide tbere ia ia V.m. There was only oi.e otber mau in the s&Ioou; when he enierea acd enquired for lire lingers of straight V'izen. Thi£ solitary tuau sat with a lag on titber fide of a chair, his obiii resting oa tbe back of it. His eyes wcr-- halt-cloged, his tongne hsngiDg out u bit, aud hit mind wai at rett. The new arrival swallowed his liq-r.d. wiped off his chin on hie coat-tai',aud suddenly cune down in fiont of tbe sleeping man *i'..u, 'I'm from tbe headquarters of the G izj!y liver. I'm the only living reptile ai evdc i rotted Rattlesnake perrary or swam the length cf Allegetcr lake 1' ' Kh ! ' was all thtt tie other [aid, as he slowly opened one eye. ? I've ft the hull Pawnee tribe of Iujans to onset; . I've gene out fat aJdnight to tackle catamooum, tnd got op earl; ia the morning ti pall ciu— rjuron b'ars out of tbar dens ! I've looked tiLlEtr bulls out of countenance, and I've wide a grizzly t hake all over by ono j ell '.' ' V-es,1* oinwleQ oat the man oa tbe chair ?* he drew m his tongue and opened tho otber oje. 'Dju'fr teckle me,' jelled Dead stood aa he leaped c jh ib tte air and clinched his teeth together. -? I'aa rxisn who tackles me is palp in jrttt two nec'u-Js» Dcc'ttit tharand Icokatme in scat way, for i *ai an svalanobe on wheels — a landslide with a gait of i ittty miles a mini t— a tornado which ».l»ys ball wits the petks of the Hockie? ! That's He kicd of a, tomahawk I am— tnat tbe racket I've nciked evertioce I was ten dajs old!' Xae mau en tbe chair yawned heavily, stretched uis airnr, sod lifted himtelf up reith the motion* of an OepLant. ?? Whoop ! nau^U ! ' ye!Je i tie olt.tr. 'I've l-st my notched otics, but I'll n.sk(. oath that l'ie wiped oat fortveeoea «:.;!» n_ei) trd over an huLdied Iujun» '.' Tbe otuer tlonly n moved hii old bat, and Quor it 03 ta» floor. Tten he pushed up bis slaares. Hud tightened his belt, and gave himself akli^ia. ' VT-v. hit's the matter, ole mau ?' earncsily -:u- quired the man from Deadwood. The 01 '.or poked: his hair until it stood up like wi.ji, gut clear cf bis chair, aod beg*n t» fumLIe ucder bb ooat tails. W-wl'at yar gw.oe to do, old paid i1' ' Gwice fur Co apilo vet racket. I don't 'low nobedy to jump up iii down, acd holler, and whoop, and waagh n» * hen Fm straddle of a cheer aad sound aste. j ' 'Teroeti't! Then I'm dead Entry. Fac-. ???t totk j.er for another man — for a «a!l- , J, creek-barked, k:-ock-kceed, sofy pillar f -n Cal'toFJa*, tea I mcacit ttx m&ku; *to'i-me*: ol . jlx .n jict'ItVen ity Ann second*. Shake, AX [.an —put it tii.ii ? And if turn, 'ere k-ae LfcLind. tbe bar oon'c trot oat his choiaest pizaa, -iid lot* of it, Til slice off his «u», and giu 'em to je for sleeve-buttons.' 