The, mail steamor Yeuetia arrived at Al bany on Monday. Her letters may be ex pected in Avoca next Tuesday. The ordinary meeting of the Avoca Shire Council will be held at Moonambol on Wednesday next. The Golden Stream Company's claim has been a centre of interest during the last two days, on account of the starting pf the pumping machinery. On Wednes day evening steam Yvgs got up to test the connections, aud a few a£ the townspeople who were present were surprised to see how well everything worked at the first move ment. In a short time it was reported that the water in the shaft had been reduced sixteen feet, aud the experinvmt having sa tisfied all requirements the works were stopped- Steam was again got q.p yesterday afternoon, and pumping has been proceeding since then with the intention of taking the water low enough to proceed with cutting down the shaft. According to a rough estimate made on the grouud last evening it was stated that the water is being drawn from the mine at the rate of about 81,000 gallons an hour, the engiuv working a niue foot stroke and nine strokes a minute. Tho mine was visited by a number of the townspeople last evening, and on all sides the greatest credit was given to Mr Richards, the superintending engineer, for the skill and expedition show in erecting the machinery. We understand that the formal opening of the works will take place during next week. Something like a sensation was caused at Homebush on Tuesday by the foolishness of a man who had indulged too freely in liquor. On the morning of the day named a man's suit of clothes complete was found under circumstances whioh led to the belief that someone had been drowned in the reservoir. The police were sent for, and a search was made, but without avail, and further inquiries elicited the fact that a certain well known resident of the locality had got drunk, undressed at the reservoir, and then walked home " in the costume of Adam before the fall." The man had his clothes returned to him, and we are told that he was not at all nappy on his freak being discovered. The Avoca County Court will be held on Wednesday next. The list of cases which appears in another column has been re duced by the settlement of several cases out of court. The committee appointed by the Loyal Avoca Lodge of Oddfellows to arrange for a presentation to Bro Amcry in recoguition of his services as secretary met on Tuesday evening. Brother J. F. Paten occupied the chair, and thero was a full attendance. It was proposed that the presentation should take the form of gold medal, and designs for the same are to be obtained from Mel bourne. The ball committee are invited to meet this evening. The Maryborough races were commenced on Wednesday with splendid weather and a good attendance of the public. The rac ing resulted as follows : — Maiden Plate — A dele 1, Leuore 2, Doncaster 3. Selling Hurdle Race — Norma 1, Croesus 2, Buck shot 3. . Maryborough and Carisbrook Handicap — Afghan 1, Ruzza 2, Gonzago 3. Novel Trotting Race — Wantage 1. Incog nito 2, Lilian 3. Half Mile Flutter— Lenore 1, Adele 2, Little King 3. The meting was continued yesterday, with an- otYvir large attendance of the public, the events resulting as follows Distance Handicap Trot— Molly Crow 1, Master George 2. Tullaroop Haudicap — Gonzago 1, Afghan 2. Handicap Hurdle Race — Zanga 1, Napoleon 2, Crossus 3. Steward's Cup Little King 1, Wantago 2, The rac ing was of a first class character through out the meeting. There was a report yesterday afternoon that the South Homebush Company had obtained a very good prospect in their mine, but no definite particulars had come to hand up to tho time of our going to press. We remind our readers that the Bung Bong tea meeting will take place on Friday evening next, aud it may be anticipated that there will be a large attendance, as this gathering is always regarded as ono of the most enjoyable of the year. We hear that thero will be numerous visitors from Talbot, Maryborough, and other surrounding localities, and that an excel lent programme has been arranged for the after meeting. Attention is directed to a list of applica tions for land to be heard bT a local land board to be held at Moonambel ou Friday next, An interesting letter from ; our - Amphi theatre correspondent reached us too late for this jssue. A vacancy has occurred iq the Board of Adviep for the Lexton West Riding dis trict, and is to be filled by an election to be held oq the 19th of qext moqth, Intend ing candidates must send their nomination papers to the returning officer, Walter Fairlie, Esq., J.P., Lexton, before four p.m. on the 10th' proximo, The issqe of railway return tickets at ex cursion fares commences to-day. The tickets will be issued " to aud from all stations " (except on suburban lines) and will be available from Fridays to Mou- days. Tenders aro required for telegraph pples deliverable at Melbourne and Geelong, as per advertisement in another columu. The eighth annual show of the Talbot, Evansford, Majorca and Lcxtou Agricul tural Society will be held at Talbot oq the 2oth proximo. £30Q is to be given in prizes, aud entries close on the 17th proximo. Avoca commoners are required tq re? gister their cattle on or before the 8th October, to avoid the inconvenience of im pounding. Unregistered goats are to be destroyed. Yesterday's Age says " the favorite plan of Conservatives is to transfer the powers of Parliament to irresponsidle boards of private gentlemen," and the same issue chronicles an opiuiou expressed by Major Smith to the effect that the time had ar rived " to consider the desirability of re moving the railways from the -control of the Government and placing them in the hands of an independent board." Has tho Major joined tho Conservatives P The Legislative Assembly has been chiefly occupied this week in discussing the bud get proposals, aud has not therefore had much time for other legislation, although several new measures have been introduced, On Tuesday a Supply bill for £970, OCX), to pay salaries and the municipal subsidy, was passed through both Chambers. Iu the Assembly on Wednesday, Mr Robertson gave notice of the fallowing motion. — " Inasmuch as the avowed ob ject of opening the closed roads of the colony is to supply a supposed public want, without detriment to the public welfare, this House is of opinion that a legar power of restraining the com pulsory opening of all closed roads of any 3hire should be placed in the bauds of the persons most deeply interested and affected, namely, the inhabitants themselves, who are entitled to protection from the injuri ous consequences which would flow from such compulsory opening, by some efficient measure of local option." A bill has been introduced into the New Zealand Parliament intended to suppress what are called "society" papers. The following are the two principal clauses of the measure : — " Any newspaper containing malter referring to the domestic affairs, business engagements, or concerns of a pri vate character of' auy person residing in New Zealand, the publication of which matter is not authorised by such person, and whether such person is indicated by name or otherwise 5 and the publication of which matter shall not,- in the opinion of the justices before whom any penalty may be sought to be enforce be justifiable, shall be deemed to be a scandalous news paper within the meaning of this Act. If any person shall print, publish, or sell any scandalous newspaper, every such person shall for the first offence forfeit a sum not exceeding £5, and any subsequent convic tion for a like offence a sum uofc exceeding £100, and shall be liable to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding 12 months. Advices from the United States are to the effect that W. E. Sheridan, a rising tragedian, will shortly visit Melbourne. The San Fraqeisco News Letter says, 6th August, " He ought to, reap a rioh harvest, as the Australians have not seen such an actor for many a day.". He has been starring at the Californian Theatre in Richelieu, Louis XI, Sbylock, Richard III, and other parts. Ballarat lias a ghost which perambulates the New Cemetery. The Aurora-Australia was visible in Ballarat on Tuesday night. The " Henneberry wine" is the name of a new drink mauufactqred atWarrnauibool. John Hart, a brother of the late bush ranger at Greta, has beeq arrested on a charge of cattle stealing. The Rev. Mr Summers, of Hampden, N.Z., fell dead on the night of the 8th iust, whilst conducting service in church. English telegrams report that flue quality wools are selling d higher. Sanction has beeq given to the Shire of Mount Rouse to sell certain roads, Mr Longmore is iudiguaut. We learn from a New Zealand journal that Alexander Rodanow, alias Gang, tried at Boston, Mass, ou a charge of using the Uuited States Postal Department for fraudulent purposes, was acquitted, through defective evidence. The skeleton of Sir Hercules, sire of the Barb, is preserved in the Syduey Museum. Inkerman. the racer, was takeu out of one of Cobb's coaches. A sapphire of unusual size and beauty has been found in the Ratuapura dictrict of Ceylon, and is valued at £14,000. The gem will probably be sent to England. Judge Dowling's sentiments (says the Wagga Advertiser) re newspapers are worth reprinting " The life of a journal ist under the most favorable auspices, is not a very pleasant one. In tho cause of the public he frequently makes great - personal sacrifices by creating the inveterate hatred of persons who have had to be criticised -in connection with public grievances or ex posures 3 he is even open to be molested with actions for libel ; and when it is con sidered that the subscriptions only amount to shillings quarterly, and wages have to be paid in pounds weekly, some worthy effort should be made by persons who are at least over a year in arrears to soothe the pressman's aching brow by paying up. A dreadful case of suicide acoompanied by an attempted murder took place at Simson's road, near Melbourne, on Tuesday. It appears that a man named Martin, a draper, has been treated for insanity for some time past, and his wife has been repeatedly advised to have him sent to a lunatic asylum; but this she refused to do, preferring to have him in her own cave. They occupied the same chamber, but separate beds, and about five o'clock 011 Tuesday morning Martin got up and savagely assaulted his wife with a heavy stick. The man being in weak health his wife was enabled to escape from him, and went to another room, and an hour afterwards Martin was found witb his throat cut and quite dead. Mrs Mar tin's injuries, from the assault, are said to be very severe. At New Loudon,. Connecticut, died John Weeks, aged 114. When 106 he married his tenth wife, who was only sixteen. His grey hairs had fallen off, and were renewed by a dark head of hair. A new set of teeth had made their appearance, and he ate 41b of pork, 21b. or 31b. of bread and drank nearly a pint of wine a few hours before his death. Never address your conversation to a person engaged in footing up a column of figures. There's nothing so deaf as an I adder, H.M,S. Wolverine, which has arrived at Sydqey reports the punishment of the Kalo natives oq the 24th of Aqgqst. After a stormy night march, the party .reached the village at 8 iq the morning ; 180 men of the Beagle and "V\Folyerine surrounded the village ; tfie natives advanced and wounded several of the sailors ; the rifle fire soon scattered them, and two were captured. Next day the natives sued for peace, bring? ing the body of the head chief, who had been killed in the fight. The commodore addressed the chiefs on the 27th, and said that the British would be friendly with the natives, but would punish massacres. He bade the Kalos to destroy the head chief's house, which they did. Presents were dis tributed on board. The Wolverine visited the neighbouring town of Aroma, giving friendly advice to the chiefs there. Kalo is a beautiful place, aqd the architecture is superior. It is believed that the Wolve rene's visit will have a salutary effect. The ex-Chief Secretary says that, as a consequence of the change of Government, we now have " haphazard finance, a stop page of retrenchment, no Civil Service Bill, and excuses instead of measures." " But what have we gained ?" asked Mr. Gillies. " Reace, progress, and pros perity," solemnly responded Mr. Francis, amid hearty Ministerial cheers. It is reported (says the Ballarat Star) that the Royal Freiberg mine at Avoca has been purchased by Herr Krupp, the famous manufacturer of cannon. At the mine in question are many thousands of tons of pyrites, which, it is thought, from trials reported to have been made iu Europe, will gire splendid results. There are, without exaggeration, millions of tons of pyrites in the various goldfields that if subjected to scientific processes would give good returns, and the wonder is that more attention has not been paid them- Tho victory of Iroquois, in the Epsom Derhy, was known in New York before the jockey had dismounted from the saddle. A Wellington telegram dated Monday saysi— The Government are actively re cruiting for the armed constabulary iu all parts of tfie oolony, and reinforcements and ammunition are being forwarded to the forces stationed on the West Coast. The Native Minister (Mr. William Rollestou) is there already. Large numbers of the Parihaka Moaries continue their fencing operations in the vicinity of the Constabu lary camp, but uptothepreseuthavenotbeen resisted by the colonial forces. Some of the European out-settlers are leaving their recently purchased properties, and coming into the towns aud settlements iu the vicinity of towns. Other settlers are en rolling themselves in voluuteer com panies. Te Whit-i, the Maori prophet, still urges his people to maintain the peace, but to resist any attempt that may be made to interfere with them. The native minister reports that the natives are plant ing their crops, and that they are good tempered, and thai there are no warlike symptoms exhibited on their part. The following circular to head teachers of state schools has been issued by the Education department — " It having been represented to the Hon. the Minister of Public Instruction that a circular re the resting of female and pupil teachers has been disregarded in a great many schools, head teachers are now informed j that it is the Minister's desire that the in- | struction as to female teachers not being re- ! quested to stand for a longer period than ; an hour and a half at a time is to be strictly | complied with. i The legacy left Mr Berry to the coun- \ try in the shape of beer and tobacco duties ; is (remarks the Giypsland Times) a very i valuable one — the former bringing in £100, (XX) and the latter £60, (XX) per annum, ! and tho Treasurer anticipates that these i amounts will bo increased during the pre- I sent year. Add to tliem the Stamp duty ; and the Land Tax, which also originated j with Mr Berry, and it will be admitted ; that the principle of direct taxation is ! largely indebted to the Chief Apostle of i Protection for very effective recognition in Victoria. It will be still further carried out by the extension of taxation to real es tate in towns. Tenders will be invited for the construc tion of five more diamond drills. The Chicago Inter-Ocean tells a singular story of a mau who became a beggar by falling asleep in the street with his hat in his baud. On awaking he found it con tained 1 dollar in small coins. He con cluded that begging was a good business, and went into it systematically. In six years he received 30,000 dols., and with that he dropped the business, speculated iu Western lands, and is now a mil lionaire. The Revised New Testament was "set up" ou the steamer Atlautic by Appleton's types, stereotyped on hoard ship, and prin ted off immediately on the arrival of the Tessel in New York. The bound volume was selling by the hundred thousand with in twenty-four hours of the arrival of the steamor. The Sydney Bulletin, drawing attention to the ignorance respecting religion in the State schools, relates the following story; — " A boy, when asked if he knew who died for him, replied in astonishment, 'No ! Sir.' and, when told Jesus Christ, said perfectly seriously, 'I never heayd the gentleman was ill.' The father, 011 beiqg spoken to about the subject, said, ' Well, Sir, we live so far back in the bush thatl can hardly help the children being so ignorant, I hardly ever get any newspapers." A new and most iqgenious speaking machine has lately been exhibited by Herr Faber before the Physical Society, London. It is designed to more perfectly imitate, mechanically, the utterances of the humau voice by means of artificial organs of articulation made ou the human model, and it is worked by keys like a musical in strument. A bellows made of wood and iudiarubber serves for lungs ; a small wind mill is placed in front of the bellows to give thrilling sounds ; the larynx is made of a single membrane of hippopotamus hide aud indiarubber ; and a mouth with two lips and a tongue, aud an indiarubber nose complete the organs of the apparatus. Fourteen distinct sounds are uttered by it, and by combining these any word in any language can be produced — also laughing aud whispering. A curious action has just been decided in the American law courts. A member of a church in Indiana subscribed by a written promise to to gire .£10 to a collection 011 a Sabbath day in the church, but ultimately refused to pay the subscription. The matter was taken to court, and it has beeu decided that the church could make collections on the Sabbath, but could not hold a man to a contract made on that day. 