Tlio Poetry ami Music of Ireisuul. Ireland is a land of poetry. The power of the Past thero, over every imagination, ren ders it a land of romance.- The past is yot an actuality in Ireland ; in all othor parts of the British islands it is a song. Tho tragedy of Floddon Fields moves a Scotchman's fool ings, but it does not disturb his business ; the battle of Bannockburn calls up his enthusiasm, but, though it keeps him late at the bottle; it nercr koops him. lato from the counting-house. . Tho imprisonment of tho poot-king Jamio softons his affections, but it loaves his judgmont perfectty clear on bills of exchange and tho price of stocks. Even tho battle of Oullodonis gone long ago to tho calm impartiality of things that were. The 'Welshman take English money without remorso, and say not a word about tho assassin, King Edward, and tho murder of. their bards. Even tho. English themselvos have but a faint .remembrance of the Hep tarchy, the revolt of tho barons, tho wars of tho Eosos, tho death of tho first Charles, and the abdication of tho second James. But ovonts do not pass so rapidly in Ireland. Ireland is a country of tradition, of medita tion, and of great idealism. It has much of' tho Eastern fooling of passion added to fancy, with continuity of habit, as in the East, connected with both passion and fancy. Monuments of war, princedom, and religion cover the surface of the land. The meanest man lingers under tho shadow of piles which tell him that his fathers were not slaves. He toils in the field ov he walks on the highways with structures before him that havo stood the storms of time, through which the wind echoes with the voice of centuries, and the voice is to his heart the voice of soldiers, of scholars, and of saints. 'We would pen no chilling word respecting tho impulse of nationality that now seems astir in Ireland. 'We honour everywhere the spirit of nationality. 'We honour the glorious heroism, which, for an idea and a .conviction, if it cannot do, can always dare and die. Much thoro is in Iroland that wo most dearly loyo. Wo lovo its music, swoot and sad, and low and lonolj'; it comos with a pathos, a melancholy, a melody, on tho pulses of tho hoart, that no othor music breathes ; and whilo it giiovos it sooths. It soonis to flow with long complaint ovor tho course of ngos, or to grasp with brokon sobs through tho ruins and fragments of historic thought. Wo aro glad with the humour of Ireland, so buoyant and yet so tonder ; quaint with' smiles, quivoring with sen ti- mont, pursing up the lips while it bedews the eyelids. Wo: admire the bravery of Ireland,, which may havo boon broken but riovor has been bont— -which has ofton beon unfortunate, but whioh . has never b'eon eravon. . Wo have much affection for tho Irish character. Wo give unfeigned praise to that purity of feeling which surrounds Irish women in tho humblost class, and amidst tho coarsest occupations, with an atmosphere of sanctity wo acknowledge with heartfelt satisfaction that kindred lovo in tho Irish poor that no distanco can weakon, and no time chill. Wo feel satisfied with our humanity when wo seo tho lowly sor vant-girly calling for hor wages, or drawing on the savings bank for funds, to tako tears from tho oyos of a widowed mother in Con naught; Or fears from tho soul .of '-lift agpd father in ' Munstor. , Wo behold a radiance ,,of. grandeur around the hond of tho Irish labourer, as ho bounds, throe thousand miles away, at thn sound of Eopeal, at tho; name of O'Connoll; and yet more as his hand shakes as ho takes a, lotter from the post oflico, which, rudo as it may be in; superscription, is a messenger from tho cot in which his childhood lay — is an angel from tho fields, the hills, tho streams, the mountains, and tho moors wherein his boy hood sported. Wo remember with many; memories of delight, too, the beauties of Ireland's scenery. We recollect the fields that are ever green ; the hills that bloom to the summit ; the streamlets, that in sweetness seems to sing her legdnds ; the valleys where the fairies play ; the voices among her glens, that sound from her winds as with the spirit of her bards; tho shadows of her ruins at moonlight, that in pale and melancholy splendour appear liko the ghosts of her ancient horoes. — Record, Bathurst. 