MO' ??mNDAY,, JUNE 20, 1881. NoTioNOa succeeds like' success. The riended 'Reform Bill having been settled by the votes of an overwhelm ing majoirity, any number of honourablo getntlemen are ready to clidm the pater nity of it, w~ile &itlorus; of. smore modest disposition.have ,taken an early oppor tunity rof."asseting thei- right as foster fitherti t,:the grnatful' recollection of gderilionibn to coiod. "With the quick ness of, intuition,'some men sec in the settlement of this vexed question the geiiiis'tindi mhsterly diploipacy of AIr Berry. Tihe Ministerial organ itself says as miech, resfyivig to itself with an air of vast patronage the credit of having ' inspired the Premier. And remembering Mr 'Beriy's elasticity of conscience when in England, in nppro printing to himself the authorship of the Educnition law, we siuppose he will accept thie honou'r with the complacency of Q:eorge IV., who talked himself into the belief that lie himself won the battloe of Waterloo. Mr L. L. Smith on Wednesday gravely assured the As sembly.tthat they would have had no Reform Bill had it not been for him. Again, MIr 1' 'Keim on Thursdlay claimed. credit for. " having compelled the Government to deal with the ques tion that session." Immaterial as the point may appear to some minds, it is highly desirablo that neither obtuseness nor- assurance should blie suffered to thus blind the eyes of the electors. TIhe measure which is regarded by both sides of politics as so eminently sntis fiactory and honourablo in coiimpromiuso was brought about by the force of cir aumstunces, not by the direction of any one intelligenut will. Mr Berry's nnmo cannot be identified with the nmeasui" in the senise that Lord John Russell's nasme is identified with the Eiglish Reform Bill, for it little resemblesany thing lie has foresladowed. As his old friend and colleague, Mr LongnIore, for cibly said on Wednesday, " l'he h s wriggled like an eel being skinned.l At one moment lie would pass the Bill -tie al o ti haipl"tiRlh the Council iiiti made it, iatd at'intlitei he deemod the ,,ie p, roiso against plural, voting :o' essen.til thiat lie whould let "tIl eBill perislh atliii'thanni fuirbo ii. is i'Ji im r.wisinm: 'ukiteid distrusta? rid linenid.l ness thlroudgliont the'dst:r'ugle ili'oeliting llis best friends,~ j inll ti e tio lt of this was, never r o!'sc onspaicuous 'tlitn!sili thile sthibborlir resiastinco lie at fil?s evinced to anotheir coinforeiicd. 'It w"h' the attitude. of ,Messrs 'inchanlu :iidi Boltoni arind afewiotlie itdlieeoints that, compelled tihe Chief Secretairy to. reioiw, or 1ather'meet' ineti a ririiri 'sliiiit;' tIle friendly effot'ts a". cml'ronise.?? Itis rep...uiantt :"on?fs?'feling, to_ I hiov that.nliyinint or (set of ,men. would der libeately t'y"to Econtiniie ".ra iinkots strife and iigition fdoii'tlihe'sasin of . taiiiag oicil; U? veriy ciircumitancn tends to ahoy,;htliet,, ils,Berlryi would willingly have; shelved " tihe question The 'dainge, ie'owb?'over, of ignioniiig the outsplOkOen oveirtiitirs of lMessras R~nisam and Korfeiid wits too great. , 1]oth those' gentlemefn declared' that 'if' thieiy we?r misled. or, iistiikei? us ,to thelo extentn of the concessions; whichl the: Council would .mnake; they would certainly not oppose the Govesimimnt ,ruplikisitioii foi shelving the, Bill 'E .r;: riglit-tliinkiiig oan . in ,Victoria ( dt ill r'joica' at. the 1e ttlei icnt' '.of;'h thel qii st iiNi e ji tho great 'Liberil, pus r tiyhao, beeii~ tinkering,'.atstso oluinsily' 'during' tlid past foutr y?irs";' hut lo siyi "na,i fectedl, o't 'heir honouii, lie it 'said, by, the' conceessons'ofi, tlie veor'yliambei wilich M'.il;r I3ery .hisso, dvyr'andiover; again "dechlired tai'' b?e iii P r?"-i-ii to' every pitrioticiito.nplie., ;Itcannnot be said. thalt theI Legislative Couneil'rstetl: under coercion. T?hi'i ex''iitiiiltiii?l rin, o n ?oie?bvdil ei1"~'o t? l. feignedlyaickf "{f5 S he ole. thing tiat there was..ieoo nomi fue,, irseiitment, inti their milnds. '' liieiwy' Oli l l W 'tihait, after countless chi iis"oof front trhe Premier, was ..;coolly "lioiniiingi thei measure which lie hld pligiaisfid fio"n' AMr Set rvicey' lidl i('illotitg)i'ii~ctidail legislition to e eiglecitell. the feeliifg alroiad wis ex iesed byl 1 I,.,L. Smith's coiistituent,i;whol advised' that the keys obf thH Ii -House ieo'lel:t't thie Governor Mid iil would be; iigi ,,ten twelve nithso.li 'It ;wase tih Opipisi-ion, with thle llio'io iiodolritto'f Miiinstoe'iiii ts, and tlhi ad,, laicid e iodmenilie?'.of ,thu Council, swho. foresatwithi evils:'Vlhil'ch would ensue frooi 'Ih?13Berriy's' h "ing ial lowed to diro" theldBill, ns hlo prnjopoeil to dlo,.aiid it:is 'otlhei' uanxiety'to, lu.' Ile 'lRCform ghost tlht tlie contry is ins d?tted for ios , 'ii" needes' pes,n',ot to the lpaityi;li.?; ,?iie suiccessivel'cly int forth the' plebisiiit, nonliudeoisdi, 'aiii the absolute Gs!iupti:,lcy of "tl' AssemiI lly. WeVo :live no,?wish to prolorig. thl contioversy, linutthleo is a iteiiissife f; punisshmnent to Iho moted nit to Mir Berry, ianl it oust Ie justified. Neither lie nor Ihis pir ty odb ile?il;, ul? I :t sderatiin. In sigiiing;the.terems of peace uilser pi essure:hie lies signed hii! political esxtinctiot . Iesliesakls foiidly of renewicig, the conflict'after',:hoe .has hid two years' restsatiiother 'pioof-of.a t?i meanioiit utterlyoi?i;l? ;;vl I'y,,iex. citeoinent althdsccessful, ttuinli'ofiattriy., 110 will unqucestionably ho allonwil' 'a uret, but lis slillumbeir st 1st not lie otl the Trenasun''1limnhis. HIiiown'. followers do not trust him,tthloe Opl;ositioii'n; vei professed o todo ?h1,o it!d we 'nl, "hdije that the" reoutmioiin,,,wlsiih notlhersof Ihis olol coll sigsiee sviljniqijetoyiptorrw, will be thile meansl of sslustitlting intel ligsent and. plractical. sttutosmanshii fdor the hui.hlzaiu ii 'expohriilituily~s gi'cl thel colony, during, the ,reign of.Mr ilerr, ltis beon vic?? clmti . ? The' Etiglisi mail foor odsinsi?y letters and newspapers closes thisi afternoon at 4.15 Tlhe steadner, Murray iirrived over the ELtrance bar at 12.30 p.m. : or Sattirdsay, mlaul proceeded on to arairnsdalo. VWe direct the attenition of Savings ]ank depositors to the announcommuit' eulsewhere as to thli©e ihiiuid Tstidit. i : - Noeilinuatoiin ?tpers for theC Rosedaileo slchool board election must be dolivered.to the returniiig if6tbiioS t sli'iR?oasle 6'State clhool before 4litn.lhis.lidty. - The sLeetinll of thme 'Agriciltiiidl..So ciety's coimiitte~i fixed for Siti'idi?,aftibr noon, fell throughi. ,Tlieroavere":tltree other implortant fixtures the same after iusnal, so there is so01110e xcus fortthe fact, alud pruobably thi'e'ieting" ivillii i udit'i tiusd for Saturday next. ' = - Tie petition to the Commissioner of lailways, requestintg;ht h tlhle, former hours of departuro froim both terinuiii for the second train may be, reverted" to; and esiggesting all earlier hour of' leaving for tlhe Inorlning traisis, was placed in the Ilanlldsl of Mr M'Loan, M.L.A.; last week. It is largely sigied, aiidi we undeishtiidl thalit another of similar .purport2 frouh B]airnsldale is shortly to follo*. The second fQortnigltly ointOrtaniiinuen in cinncexion with the Mechamuics' Institoti, Sale, will be given to.imorrow eveninig, and shbould the' Iresnit toinipetiloils ?ict ther iiiodorato there osught to be a good attcndilanc. Tise natus of theoladics ird gesthuicmen whro have proumised to 'asiist will bo seen in another column. Accounts aro art thie Treasury, Saeio?ir A. A. I'VMillan, J,. Park, A. J. Vells, J. Robinhson, W. Bairtlett, J. IReeves and OtlleIss, uanid T. Fryer; also Crowri .grtants for J. Doonanl alud D. Williasu ioti:a nild a leose for exceutioi by Johnll PLarn'II . :, 'The teoilder of Ietusy Tasyhor, for pailit ing, and'repairs tS the public builhlinu,, ]'slinerstoni, lues bces aiccepted by tihe Public Works dopahrt!mlemlt for £73 13s. At the Polico Court, Sale, on Sitturdlay, Ctlserinle Juillk froli Wtrrsgul, was clarge'd with lu iacy, andi romanded uniitil Tuesday for Ieulical exaslillnatiol.; I]solveniey amitetimgs will be hlld onil W'edesdlc y neoxt at th e COusrt Hlous, Sale, ait 12 iiooin, in thuh estautes of Uo,',rge Weeokes, Fcrnbaisk, slaetor; and Jolin Iitchell, Siale, Ihairdresser and tobacco A fooltbalil imatch hals bec arranrged to be Ihlayed betreoll the youths of Sale iudu' Mtsrs ois Sepaolrtion Day, July 1st, at Saleo. The followig is the list of the' Sale tamin :--Dolscrty, Englishl, llacdonald, L. and S 8t oley IL Birdl, Mallot, Allon, M'lauhlan iinoy, ]lackelr, Scott, [PBratney, Walton, I. Loyiuu, A. etrup, -. Syer, T'. yors, J. Holt, auid IM. t.you_. Emsergeniesu: Stevoisa, F. Eiig i, I, Mitchell, J. I\'Dowall, J. Ori, Now Insolvent.-Daniel Haugliy; of Buln Buln , ontraetor .,Causes of imsol ovney : l nsses'u, conitracts, uand in con nectiou with selections, takel up;. heavy interest on monney b6trioived. Liabilities, £960 s ; assets, £(i ; deficiency, £00 is. Mr Cain, aslignee ; Mr H. 'H. Budd; in; solvent's attorney. :I It will- lu seen in our advertising columns that the well-known Excelsior IHop Gardees at Bairnsdale, containing 12 acres with - a four- roomnod cottage -and other necessary buildings attached, are to be lot by tender. Furtlierparticulars can ,be obtained fronmt Mr P.'"M'IVaiighlii,: York-strooet, Sale.-[Aldvt.] Mrs W.. Pearson acknowledicl?a?ojithl thanks additional contributions forI the Children's Hospital Bazaar from Mrs and, Miss Gertiudo Adams, 1Irs andl Mises! Bull, Mrs and Misses Bolton, Mrs jRose and Miss A. Poole, Miss E. Burton, Miss E. Piiani, Mr Jamieson. Press of busi iness durin the bazaar week has prevented M r Pearsoi m akiilg thliiickgilowledgii~lnt: earlier. . c; , ?' 5 ?0 : Mr M?ason-hsa given noticeoof tlie fol. slowing question, which lie iiiinids to put to the Chief Secrde?roti oy tIifiirrowv'' If lha'ii ill oli?iin frdithi lthipiiiheebt7 lih'dd iof ihe various lepartei its ii'n tl" iublic servico a writteniriport" a to whluther thel service is elliciently lsnled at" prosoent, andid ifis 'uceissaiytri makeoiijny further. apppointoents to tho Civil 'r stiIperInifer' ary service of t0id' pluy':i .will hio'presdni aRcopy of this report to'Pailiament l " l'Anld "ono iu' i iR'histiiiib lla?si ilUyi. parts: Ac;?ordiigI t the ." Mtile l??ilMr. Iqhli P 1okors ill is on the poi' t of 'varying the' erns oT'. isi ,ongninoeo t c'vwith life.. .'Aftera residonice of iiany years amongsti usi lhe isaboutii to toii' the world is iiianas ger fore'tlie italentled yo'ung actribss, Mlise Louise Pomeroy" Heu "will carry with hii, ,tle'l?'od ivishes' of' hosts'of, fridends'. wvith whoii., 'throuigh 'theocohlnuns of Piciadkhi'audi bi,:'othoer nediumibs,' e'has establishedhlimself,as a houselhold;.word. An excellent portrait ins the ulletia, will help thiena to keep their uneneory of hint green. L : siietin'b tl£' it Nortli' GijiliTalind Coursing Club wdslild oii Satturday ifter-. ihoon at 'tioe Royal 'Exchian Hotel ;' Mr J:. Wishnrt, i,? this chlitr, ,Apologies for nuoi-attendiin co irororeceived froni. two prominent idielieirs , residin' at Mlatfra, whlio .wre detained by ,,provlous engage ineots; ;cordially nasanting,1 howlover; to_ sniy fixtures tlhat inighl bresolvedl orn. MIr Muniday's acceptance of ,the'l post of jutldgo ias lls oceic witli coiisideiablid s?tis: faction, aed it iwns decided'od" the imnotion of .Mr A.' Robe'rtsoni, seconded' by Mr Sutcliffe,ithat the contest-for the M'Oul. lolh !.triophy take Iplacel on; Tuesday, 2nd, August? thep ia?id t6'bo?nhind'ihi'taftitiir' adsertisonlo ., It was ,mentioned :, that plenty of places of-' neetsiiln woiu~ld"bi availablo at.the dtonamncd, with tlie cer tainty of good sioirt. The mooting closed irith a vote of thanklisi ti the chair. IA A ieetiig, of the cominittee of; the Mafini Turf Club .'wis hldoii bFriday'lust at theu Macalister'dHo'iol Mr-We?n. Lo?e in the chair:.: ·Thoeminiutes of: last two mueetingswerwore rad and confirmed.-~ The hlon, secreta;ry, Mi! G. ;'Davi, ropiorited thlat all tho prizesiwon at the late meethng, ciwere nowi paid to the'various wiinners; The treasuror, Mr Wallion, submitted his, balance sheet, showii g a credit balrinco in the bank after. paying ill accoiits i'f £70. It wu rcidsoloeid that thle siini'of £2 10s be paid to Mr J. Tait as- a recoup for loss sustained by hiin at tho-gste. <Thoicon-.; imitteo thought that would bea fairanmount, as 20 noelbors were. added to the list after thel.purchase oftilhe ;gates, twwhich ,wotuld ifcecn 20 poiesons at 2s d eacl.' Thoih'lair-' iumun congratulated the club on its fiiucial. position.. Tho,lis't ofii oibersb liaiiled'in showed e83,., who,.lhad paid' in theire/sub scriptions, and he fullyexpeetedlthle iui, ber' would be l00 noxtyear.:It waus ro solvedF that' thIe puirchimse, of a 'piece of: ground for, a racecourse should be con-; sidbrd l'it theofirst i n?eting'bf coliullitft ini'thi 'iio racingi 'iasoii'" 'lMessrs B3ortli-. wick and. Daloy wore, appointedl aiiditai'i.' A vot'iftlthinki' to the chair closed the jrdicediiigs:.. IThloContril Board of Health call spublic attention'at the i?iesont,easobn to the im portance of vnaceenltion. T'lheorocont in-. troductioilof seainill-poi to the.coloniy of Now South Wiisles hits'ii'gafi' sliown our liability to 'sucllih ? attack ant' aii;niy inent, anid altliough.tle dtis enso, lh s lhaplily not yet raeclhcdlVietiiia,el'tholCenitiSl Board of Hoalth doonritl of creat importatce to' thl ostifety ofithleelublh that oveey. advaih! tageulioield' btd'titkoi 'of tho presoet very favouritbla sdetiti for 'ndcination 'so'liiit tiie'pirdotectioie hinchdcl c iiatilirioi is kei'oii to'aidoird isgainist the liorrois of 'siniall.tb??! may be extendel'lis ividbly "is'~~l o'ssible througlhut rthe, colony...T rhe Coentral, hloard therefore trust' tlnh'tl th' loeiil''aitie teqry authorities.will use all ineans in their poier. for securhi'g the extensioi? of valc ciuatioin inotheir respective districts. ;Uandi as thieBOisrd believe that the uiniqtoers'of tihe various .religious bodies might-.vory boeoefcially use tlhe influenco 'and oppor tuenities they possess in directing attention at the p)resent time to'tiho prob"ed 'benefits of vacciantion, they desire tod"ijiptil't'o thle tlater also" to uso theii' ilifluebii6ceih promoting a hearty coiml?nint~ciittli"h proyisions of the i accinaticie Act. ,'q ;A sotiion of !wait;of; oifidoii?hced:inthe to-eeio'row by Sir. 1·ryeul 0 Leghlodi'. Saturdiay eyouning' e"lcrhald says --Nego tieetiolis ire at present goie-g- oii b ot~eefi Weith the vicw' 'f oforieneg a comnpact ajorit3y .3gaint tli heis0ce'irnient. It is beic9k ter'?i"eIatde that th' is tinisterial 'ilthadt thee seopiPtot of iltle Oppositiunl tli'd~:i:?oS'f, toi sitideo being eirried, Sib' B1ayinit;0?Lb }hilen ccill iho doubt Ij ceallod uipop ,to;fforni a i iniw Adhieiestnrationl blet,hvlietior hej voldhl assuee tlhe o'leadi-. ship'lof the Government, or resume the position.of Attorneiy-General, is at pro slit an open qucstioln. ~low thaet tllhere is no 'roet piolitical ploint to be determined, it.iS pl'obaibleo thaet the eneoic, Ministry would be a coalitiejn onue, lwhich wcostl devote itself to the c'rreying out of goeionrl legislaotioen, which of late yeers Ihes.uu .leliably bou oneglected il pn rty wrangl-r North Llugridgelo Q. M. Co,' iledy Creek.-Thhe miieeger reportstn, June 18 : The visiting dircctir rl'eotits sehaft dlown 29 foot. C'iunttry hellitl, Iso water to speak if, chliange icclUrrieg at boLtoti dark oxi disced causing eld :eaeltlstoile comillg ill. Aeceirteined liosition of rich stone founde two niiiths back, 30 yards southl of shaeft, in ell probability thel cp of a lode. Ten drs called foir ainking shaft anotheor' 20 feet, and cross cutting west of lodo not ilet with in shaft. A mionthly.call of one pleny lper slnro will enabile the board to ccarry oni the curks with energy. Uocks, the hladelord of thle Enurrnopean Hotel, where Peter leucklhey was alcoholic ally poisoned, wasn cllharged with ,ineu alshutghter at thel Sydiey 'olico Court on Feriday mieorning.. A roeemand was grouted ned bail allowed, hlimsalf ill £200 asid two suroties of £100 each. ', 'An" extraordinary salmon has been found in the Saltwater-river. It weighed .71b,i 'nill was ciught' byiii youin ng ler,. .inamud.Ely. .There was soime doubt at first.' s to what'it:i.eally was. Some 'people said it was " a Inonter blancfish;" others,.-'- who saw ;it jumping at flies," concludedl. that. it must be -'"oither a saliioni 'or silliion trout." All doubts, howover, were sot at rest,-'henoi, nopen ing it, it wins found to contain "'. million or niori ofthighly developed .ov'a, ;iearly as, largo as peas:" Now. horoin isi a miracole. 'A million "'or' m'orb ovi, '"neatrly iislarei.,o penase " in al fish only 71b weight, which is able to jump'at flies! !Thtis beats -Mark- Twain's \jumpin'g ftog liolloi~7~N ' :iiodore the opoor fish was "on the point of spawning('.lt recont. niondT tlhe"lacchl ii larL s.Ex-press, .to wlhois.tli6'w6rld is indebted for these inte 'rostiig facts, tbo rvise the estimtate of the ovn;a In Sydney, last wook, tile stroots und 'drinas woro daily sprinkled with carbolic acid, as a proventivo to small ppx. .Tlih Now, South Wales Governmenlnt :hav decided'bo a'thuso to house v'isitatioi,i tlo hlou'sos whicro patientta dio tco'ý pulled down and burnt if doomued advisablo.-Thl o Ocean steamiler :iiwhicli'ariived- it'Sydhoy on Saturday, with 4500 Clinainott was phliced in quaramtine .for tiree weeks. Five. docto nri are visiting tlil-' .infectod. ui.iIiiiors , and. yello iflagsa 1rd, . useid 1o. m iodicdat'thli placeis iivhro'tlh dislisiio,ls exishted.' Viiceination is goi'g'h n' apace, largo sdpploies'of lymiphlbeing drawii'froi Victiria;, E%,oy' y praiutioii ''isa''boirig takeii'at tl'd othei'colonial fiorts, indl'the' Conitral Bohrd'of 'Health' ticulctei attin'-'t: tioli t vacciiniltioh at this vory favo6irabl season. Saturday's tologramn stiiteý tlit thle oeciteinoiit:is subsiding, nofro?licases, haviig btdii discovord., SAt.the Dmuiolly Police Court last. week, P. M. King, a liublicain, was called-on to show cause why a cak k of bcor seized on his proemises' siould!.dot ' be forfeited, owinrl'g to tile i'eccsasry. ldty:sthiops' ot being iatlied :thlirloii:, For'iofendai? 'it was pointiedout tlirowi ii!i prolvision in the act'ii- i'tlhleo titnuor of forfoitumi , and that it was., perfectly, inworkable., Mr Crirr'l.tli', P.MI,'wnaa clearlybof.thd samo opinion, and struck out the caso,for want of jurisdiction. A similar case wits sub seqtluently withdrawn.u'io. : _-:. r'u.2 Thie Licensed V.'ictuallors'..Association, his passed, airesoluitioil for thli'e fori'ation of strong self-pritoctivb conihiitiit~cs iii tlio' intorests. uft,tho: trade, and Ilmvo 1rljiti-' ally. decidcd oil .tthui expulsion of any itoitmbor with shall.i naist the candidature of .!'any declared oplponent; of; tle liquor trade.i"? It soeims that ,duriing tlheo. latd confiuaion in plitics cortiiin publicans Msisted jfesPrs YVale judi other:: avowed 6iioiiem ies of' tli tr.add .' - . " , STie Chinese Ilimigration Bill lhas been road in ,tilbSouth Australian 'Assoembly a second tiilte "~B6fo ' 0iiihi6oese:'land at Adelaide at all they inlis?t be vacciiitud. Tle N.Z. Housio'of'Represenltativcs last ieek' jisiied tld "ascond iiedingi of' a similar Imeasuroe' \ithoit ii division. IA OliifisO ltf-c asto boy natned James Alt.A 'i ' s _brutally.._murdored.. last. Tllhursdai aittNvtowl in -,iearScaradale. Tho he ody as fnS ii'tfud ioxtiningrl in a watorlilo, th1 h1elid 'nliarly' svedied'froin tlie body aiid ·i heivy' 'slilalrgi: f igualsot in tlhe leg. - ' Tlie Sorata' iil bo floated tout of tle Alfred Griavitig dick to-diay, s eItL ud and seaworthy its . lid? sie . wias launched. Til r.epairs;.tol tlh ivessel (cost' £24,000,, tied 300 tien werie enliloyod at tlhe work, Which lhais tttorly.beoon carried, on day atitd night, the .olectri., lighlit uitlg used. ' A; kCila iliuielld Williati ]ristowris' i caught in the Ilywhcol of t stone crushing tiacllinorti'W"illianlstoin' ititictioil oni Friday and so ntangtlcd that his- remains lhad absolutolytb'bo 'slhoelled tip. ; Mr Serjaant, i'toe'Mit.Jl A'ifor' Dtindas, lha beetn L ppointtedthesd teaher of a now Scehool at Carltobi.' It will be rdelenibordtiT that lie was fodintrly 'ai district inspict6or of Sclools." ''""' ' '.'U i ill uan otii s oitw it s foutnd tlh ot pr daI inii al lloti tide a,'nt, lui e ona,. near; Soyniour. ' It was standiing eiect as if thli body,j had, slippuddosnm upriglht,,mndl it' remained cilncOIealedl tuntil[tlirl wind tore ofla Inrgo liimb of tile tree and oxposed it toriow'' r-.' i i" ' : -: l '-i!";,l i Tlheolleged' inifalticido; at Ballaritt;'in Wiich an unimarrihd' 4'iirl' named Grace Buckinighaml wasaitnljilicited, ]la resolved itself into 'thclairo" of 'cotisi,,ilanoit of T .. , Ii .* i .U , I, .. ,>.. l t-.: i, ; • ) l . .tlhcro'iims''gro).t'aRtivity in 'lh butldio g pa4tiy, h.'.iitn'vBr ick ru'i al'lon'o ti urliugk ouit 80,000 brickis aday;,aitid: oitphiying .il, its operations 1BO0Imon and boys. :,i [,I .,. ' By' cudsent'of :tho-Assomnbly SirJohn O'Slianassy's bill tb relieve tle Abbotsford Conivclit; from ,the necessity of apending 2s Od'plr'wýek on"tloe childlret iof the state' boitrded h'wiittlioa ii lioiit tlio' mbney'i niit' rcquiirod, was passed through all its stages odi Thursday. ,' . Mr M'Kean hisa ei' gvil i6loti of his in-. tetiti'it' tOi'i't vd ' hlirtl" iiftl'e i?iattoi'"of Frnilk Sietiiiii, tlliegod'tlo luveobceoii iin iproperly convictcd.' :'.1'. SCoiustablo',:MIGlhio,' who.l(attomnpted suiicdu1 by poison lihas boot bruglht)be foro'i thl City Court,; eautiboned iuaid dis h ,At.Sydny,a. proposal has boon m ooted. to'ei vo 'the i0 stro is .with "eimlir 'wo6d 'or ii'p ia t; ,'^ ;'',".',.;.; ';.* .,";. ..i! 1. . '. ' 