The annual report of the Committee of Council on Education in England and 'Wales for the year 1SS0SI is cert .iu to possess manv items of information in teresting to people so deeply concerned in primarv education as Queenslanders are. The obligations of the State to provide elementary instruction for children is now so fully recognised as to need no exhortation and to merit no eulogy. The duty is paramount. Iu different portions of the empire legisla tion has, during the last quarter of a century, made strenuous effortB to prevent the recurrence of the evils ?which arose from previous neglect. In some cases the coloniesJj^e moved ahead of the mother courjfl^Bi their zeal for education they haSHKt stripped her efforts and almost overrun their own resources. But, whilst in this respect the old country cannot claim pre eminence over her colonial offshoots, she has during the past twenty yearB moved on with gigantic strides. The affluence of her resources gives impetus to her energies when once : they are aroused and directed to a proper object. In this young colony we are not only minus the magnificent endowments of her venerable institutions for higher education, but we are, from the paucity of our numbers, scarcely able to com ? pete with her in grants to primary edu cation. With strained effort we have \- accomplished wonders. Our legislators have done ; much . more than theorise about the potency of cultured intelli gence; they 'have adopted 'wise and broad measures for training the juvenile intellect, to take, in due course, a com petent part in the development of the material resources, in the prosecution of the commerce, and in the pursuit of the various learned professions of a ^* young country. Pride in pur educa tional provisions and appliances should not make us unmindful of the arrange ments 'and successes elsewhere. 1 '..'?'?; During a single decade marvels of progress have beon accomplished in England and WaleB. Between the years 1870 and 1880 additional provi sion wa8 made in schools aided by grants of* public money for 2,474,809 , children ; the provision now being . iv almost equal to the requirements of the population ; but, Dot beiug evenly ?' 'distributed, there is excess of accommo dation in some localities and deficiency in others. The average attendance in State- aided day schools has risen in eleven years fro*m 1,152,389 in 1870 to 2,750,916 in 1880. In the latter year there was accommodation for 4,240,753 scholars; the number enrolled was 3,895,824. During the year 1880 the inspectors visited and examined lv.oM day-schools, containing 25,601 dupan ments under separateteacbefs. Thenura ber of certificated teachers wan 31,-122; of these 13,521 were masters, and 17 901 were mistresses. Of the former 60\12 ptr ceut. had been trained in colleges for n term of two years, S'36 for one year, and 212 for less than a year. Of the females 44 79 per cent, had been trained for two years, 6 01 per cent, for one year, and 1 42 for less than a year. It, will be seen that more than two- thirds of the schoolmasters, and a little over half of the schoolmistresses had been specially trained for their work. Of the teachers who had not passed through a course of collegiate training it must not be concluded that they were not well educated and qualified for their work. The term ' trained ' is a technical one ; many of those who do not come within the technical classification have never theless passed through a thorough course of preparation under the superinten dence of high-class teachers, first as pupil teachers, thenas assistant teachers. The average salary of a certificated master is now £121 2s. 7d. ; of a school mistress, £72 12s. 8d. In the year 1870 the former was £95 12s. 9d, and the latter £57 16s. 5d. The averages are calculated upon the whole of the teachers, whether principals or assistants. .Nearly half the masters and about a third of the mistresses are provided with residence free of rent. If we take the whole of the teachers — classified and unclassified, excluding pupil teachers — we believe the average salaries here will not be ro much in excess of those at home as to induce an emigration thence of trained teachers. Of course certificated teachers from home would take a high ' division ' here, and therefore pro bably receive higher salaries. We are not aware whether in the old countrv the same practice prevails as does here. In our schools the capita tion allowances are appropriated by a smatl proportion of' the staff ; so that some salaries are largely augmented by that auxiliary, and the others get no more than the classification salaries. Let us take an example. Iu the Normal School (boys) the head master, in addi tion to his salary, gets £211 capitation allowance, the second master gets £S9 ; the next three get £47, £43, and £2S respectively. Of the remaining assis tants, five get only the classification o.'»larv,£9O; thenext'five,£70; then pome seven wi'' &55 each. In tbegirls'.aolwol the head schoolmistress gets, in -addition to salary, £108 capitation allowance., tlw next two £27 and £21 respectively. Of the remaining eleven the classification salary has to suffice.. Possibly t.'.'e prin ciple is right; talent and experience should secure the prizes ; but is it quite equitable that the prige? should be s-j few and big ? It is 'idpdless to remind our readers tnat. the State schools in England are managed by local boards, of which there are 1,663. These boards received £3,516,236 during the year. Of that amount £2,427, Si? was for teaching purposes, the balance was loans for permanent worltB. Up to last year Government had advanced on loan to Bi-hool boards the large sum of £10,739,OSO in England alone. Fiectbic Cosmobama. — The entertainment at the Town Hull was fairly patronised last night. A change of prosrammo is announced for to-night and a 1-beral distribution of gifts. New Insolykkt. — Felix ''eoreo Fooks, of Urtebatie, carpentir, was this morning adjudi cated insolvent »» forma pauptris, the first mebting of creditors in the est:ite . b.-ing fixed for the !9th instant. Waieb Police Cotjht. — A.t the Water Police Conrt this morning, before the assistant Police Magistrata, Alfred Clirk, cook on board the ship Garnock, was Bentenced to forty- eight hsnrs' imprisonment for assaulting the chief officer. Petty Debts C'oubt.— At the Petty Debts Court this irorning, before the Police Magis trate, Colonel Boss and 0. Spry, JJ.P., a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed with costs was given in the undefended case of K. Willett v. J. Butterfield, claim, refreshments, £1 24. Peofkspoh Peppbb. — The entertainment at the Minories was again well patronised last night. The professor has ' esfcaok oil ' with his ghosts. The performance consisted of a ^kr series of statuary, followed .by Pygmalion Effh Galatea, in which some remarkable ghost effects were introduced. Dioramio views of oloudland and 'the haunted barber' made the aadienoe exceedingly merry. Quito a new programme will be gone throngh to-night, iu cluding frear. Btatuary, another ghost story — '? The E«rl of Surrey and the fair Geraldine ;' dioramio views of the Bhine ; the masked lady ; a new optical illusion- the ' Trapeze Performer;' and the ' Haunted Barber.' His Exoellenoy the Governoi and MiBS Kennedy have announoed their intention of being pre. Bent at to-morrow evening's performance. The iatb V. 8. Genrhal Cabs — A former TJ. S. dragoon writes :—' Another gifted, dis tinguished, talented, and accomplished officer, of the U. S. cavalry, has been made a yiotim of the white gloved gentlemen at Washington. The idea of arming the TJ. 8. cavalry with the short Springfield riflu carabine, and sending them to fight with Indians aimed with the long riflod munkets, supplied to them by Tankee traders, has made another Cutter's de. feat. The War Department of the U. S. ia as idiotic as the British War Department. Eugene E. Oarr was a friend of tnino ; he was born in the State of New York in 1829 ; graduated in the West Point Military Academy, in 18S0 i joined with me the 17. ». army as brevet 2nd Lieutenant of the TJ. S. Mounted Rifles— then commanded by Col. B. K. Lee — whilst I went to the 2nd TJ. 13. Dragoons. He saw the great rebellion through— whilst I was a lotuB-eater — and he successfully gained the rank of Bat. Brig General and Hat. Major. General of TJ. 8. Volunteers, in all of whioh capacities he proved himself a man after my own heart, if fortune in any way had smiled on him. To have him now cut down in the flower of hia experience aa a Lieut.-Ool. of the Sth TJ. 8. Cavulry iuja mise rable squabble in an Indian fight in more than I can realise ; for when I shook hands with him ut Carlisle Barraoks, Pa, in I860, on my way to the very country he was killed in, he said, 1 My doar B , we will meet in some great battle and win the victory.' Thi« was the ory from him, aa years passed on, in hie letters to me, for he had the true ambition of all TJ. 8. military officers — to soosolidate the great portion of the English- speaking race Under one general government.' 