A Religious Ceremony on the Banks of the Jordan. A full description of what is called the 4- Immersion in Jordan water or the now baptismal ceremony ' appears in the Sunday Aliiror of June 19 : — ' The Cere mony of Overcoming Temptation, which was initiated on Tuesday, the 7th, was, wp are told, consummated on Sunday last. \n.nt 1„.rT*!i wl.l, fir. will, The typical destruction of carnality was nnturally followed hy the symbol of new birth. Fire killed and continued the old num. Baptism evolved the new man. After Service in the Tnhernnclo the devotees consregated in the family Sanctuary. The minister tock his seat on the vedi and off.red a short )-rayer to the following effect ' Eternal Spirit, we Thy pilgrim servants, desire to go on pilgrimage to the Jordan, in the Holy Land, for our re demption's sake. We desire to he where, eighteen centuries n?o, Jesus, Thy son, was baptized. Gratify, thou, our heauVs longing, nnd guide us and cheer us iu our pilgrimage.' The devotees then formed a procession, and solemnly moved on, sing ing a hymn with the accompaniment of mridan'gay the conch shell nnd cymbals, * till they reached the bathing ghaut of the Kvmul Sarabar, the tank attached to the Sanctuary. The place had been decorated with flowers and evergreens, and the fhig of the Neg Dispensation was waving in the breeze. The devotees took their seat6 upon the steps of the ghaut; the minister sat upon a piece of tiger's skin, stretched upon a wof.den vedi erected for the oc casion. Deep silcnce prevailed. It was near midday, the torrid sun burning over head, when* the minister — Babu Koshub Chnnder Sen, we suppose — 'addressed his people,' delivering a long harangue. We have only space for the opening lines. 1 Theminister* said^ — 'Beloved brethren, we have come into the land of the Jews, and wc are seated on the hank of the Jordan. Let them that hnvc eyes see. Verilv, verily, here was the Lord Jesus bnptized eighteen hundred years ago. Behold the holy Waters wherein was the Son of God immersed. See ya h?re the blessed Jesus, and hy his side John the Baptist, administering thorite of Baptism, and behold in the sky above the desccnt of the Holy Ghost, All three arc here present, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, spiritually r.nited. Pilgrim-brothers, mark their union to-dny on this hallowed snot, and see how the water shinefh in celes tial radiance/ After this address the 1 Singing Apostle ' poured water on the minister's head. 1 A number of earthern and metallic vessels were then filled with ' Santija' or Water of Peace. The minister came out of the water with his Kamandalu filled with the Water of Peace, aud sprinkled it over the heads of the as sembled devotees, all shouting together ' Pence, Peace, Pcaec.1' Some of the devotees then reverently went through the Ceremony of Immersion, while the minister changing his dress put on the ascetic's yellow robe. The whole parly having left, a nnntber of ladies and children of the New Dispsnsation came to the spot, and after Immersion and a short prayer, joyfully carried home the Vessels of Water.' 