THE STORY OF A LIFE, ? CHAPTEB TTY. MY LODGINGS AT HABBOOBFOED. . ' I bat for several weeks in that, little' orchestra of the Harbourford . .Theatre, 4 pale, thiu, ghost-like young manjf; and I played second fiddle tp , tjie full satisfaction of the management. - Once, in theatrical parlance, the ghost did not walk, or, in more general language, the management could pay no salaries. But the arrival in port of two American ships redeemed the fortunes of the theatre, and the company were : suddenly so much in funds that several gentlemen rushed into tbe extravagance of new necktieB, and the ladies indulged in new bonnets and a Sunday trip to Potty ; Island, with shrimps and tea. My time was fully occupied at this period ; and I attribute my sanity to the healthy stimulus of occupation. I rose at an early hour and commcnced tbe day in Abel's studio. With the aid of an. elementary work on oil-painting, and Abel's experience, 1 succeeded in producing several copies of borrowed pictures, which a broker purchased for a few shillings each. I followed tbis success up by one or two efforts at original work, and I remember me of a triumph of trees and water, which Abel sold to a pat ron for ten shillings and sixpence. When I was not called to rehearsal iu a morning I stood at my easel until it was time for the evening performance. I look back now to the almost unexpected effects of colour in that poor scene-painter's studio, and feel all those early sensations of re-awakened ambition as keenly as if 1 had not lived to grey hairs and family responsibilities. At odd times I sat down and tried my hand at essays for newspapers and maga zines — wayside stories, incidents of life, and other fugitive papers. I posted them with trembling hands to London editors, and looked up their periodicals at the local libraries ; but those magical initials, ' C.K.,' did not appear in print, except once in a harsh ' Notice to Correspondents.' Moreover, my manuscripts were rarely returned, though I treasure to this day the polite letter of one editor, who was good enough to say there was promise in my work, though my style was too amateurish for the publication over whose fortunes he presided. I wrote several letters to my mother, but got no reply. Tbe same fate attended my letters to Mr. Mitching ; and two which I wrote to Tom Folgate came back through the dead-letter office, marked ' gone.' The following communication from Mr. Fitz walton was a mystery which time alone solved. Fitzwalton wrote as though I knew all th*t had transpired during my absence from Lindford : — Mr. Fitzwalton to Christopher Kenrick. Dear Kenrick,— I received your favour in due course, aud was sorry to hear that you had been so very ill, at which however I do not wonder, seeing what and events have occurred on all hauds since your departure from this ill-fated city. Everybody knew that Tom Folgate was rather loose ; but none of us expected that he would do what he has done. I am sure it must grieve you very cnucb. But such is life, dear Kenrick. We have all our troubles. I am going to leave this place fur London, where I have purchased a partner ship. You will perhaps be surprised to learn that my sister-in-law, Miss Birt, is going to be married to your opponent in tbe famous battle, Mr. Noel Stan ton, who is after all a very nice fellow. What changes a few short months bring about ! I . have not been to Stonyfieid lately ; but I hear your father bears his loss with manly fortitude. I am, yours truly, W. Fitzwalton. I pored over this epistle for hours. I wrote for explanations that Fitzwalton would not give. ' His new business occu pied all his time,' he said ; and he ' could not believe that I did not know quite as . much of what had passed as he did, and more especially as that Folgate scandal was in all the papers. If I really did not know all about it, perhaps I had better remain in ' blissful ignorance, or pay a visit to Lind ford, .and make personal inquiries on the spot.' This was all I could get from Fitzwalton, and was so much offended at the coolness of his reply and its formal style that I tied up his letters with another little bundle, aud allowed the tide of fate and fortune to flow on without further inquiry or interruption. The last sentence of Fitzwalton's letter too seemed so much like a sneer that I was in clined to be very angry with the writer on this account. ' Your father bears his loss with manly fortitude 1 ' I remember that the very first time I met Fitzwalton in Lindford he sneered at my running away from home. ' And this is friendship ! ' I said. What a blessing it was, at these times, that easel in Abel Crockford's painting room !. CHAPTEB XX. IN WHICH I TELL ABEL CBOCKFOBD THE STOBV OF VELASQUEZ. ' The more I paint,' I said to Abel one morning, ' the more I understand die value of feat picture.' ' Ah 1 he be a grand chap,' Abel re sponded, uncovering the work, ' and I've this very moment almost hit upon a new idea about him, which I don't mean to say nothing about untilTve carried it out.' 'Strange I a new thought about it has occurred to me,' I said. . ' Have it now ? ' said Abel, dipping the end of «. new -ilay pipe in a cup of coffee, which Mrs.'Grockforl had brought into the painter'? - rbote, as -was her custom every morning at seven o'clock. ' Do you know the story of Pareja and Velasquez, Abel 1 ' ' I do not.' ' Tlien I will tell you whilst you are putting in that bit of sky.' ' Thank you, Mr. Kenrick, air,' said Abel, standing back, from his easel and holding his head knowingly on one side to see the effect of a ' promiscuous-like ' dab of indigo and brown madder. 'Pareja,' I said, 'was a. slave, literally kieired into tbe studio of Velasquez by' a famous Spanish admiral, Who made a pre sent -of the youth to the famous painter. They railed the boy Pareja, afterhis master, and the painter's pupils made a drudge of the woolly-headed little fellow,. He was at the' beck and call of everybody, be cleaned thepatettee, ground the colore, and indeed' wfts a slave in every respect, getting con siderably more kicks (ban half-pence. His master however treated him kindly, and the el&ve; held Mm in tlie highest- Admiration. One day Pareja, in that imitative spirit which is characteristic of man, whether he .be bondsman or freeman, tried to paint. Of course he made a terrible hash of the business, as I did, Abel, when first I took up t.he brush ; but the true passion was ex cited, and Pareja hied himself to a deserted garret in his master's house, and there set up an easel. He had nothing, but old, dis used brushes to work with, and the refuse : colour from the painting- room. Early in the mornings, and at odd times, he found a wonderful charm in daubing- the colours upon bits of board. By-and-by he improved, until the forms that he produced really gave him a positive delight,- such as the real artist feels at his own success ? ' ' Go on, sir, I be listening— 1 baint look ing at yon bit of sky — I'm trying to see that slave at work in his garret,' said Abel, when I paused for a moment in my narra tive. 'One day King Philip the Fourth and the great Rubens honoured Velasquez with a visit. In the train of the king were the nobleBt grandees in the land. Follow ing Rubens were Vandyck, Sneyders, Van Norden, and other celebrated pupils of the' king of. painters. Rubens was most favourably impressed with the works of Velasquez. The latter said his cup of happiness would - be full if Signor Reubens would leave a stroke of his pencil upon one of his pictures. Presenting a palette to the great blaster, Velasquez pointed to his chief works. ' All these,' said Reubens, with that peculiar grace which indicates the perfect gentleman, ' are finished, yet will I make an attempt.' At the same moment he picked up a piece of panel which was lying againet the wall in an out-of-the-way oorner. Turning it round to see if this offered an opportunity for leaving behind a souvenir of his art in tbe studio of Velasquez, tbe great master uttered an exclamation of surprise as his eye fell upon the picture afterwards so famous as the Entombment. This was the work of ? ' ' Pareja, the slave ! ' exclaimed Abel, bis bright eyes blazing with excitement. ' Wonderful, wonderful I ' ' Tbe slave had caught the inspiration of his master,' I continued, ' and had worked in secret, struggling with his own genius. That day opened up a glorious career to him. His master embraced him, and Pareja became famous. His attachment to his master was so great that he was killed at last in a street attack defending tbe husband of bis master's daughter. He died, thanking God that he had been permitted to lay down his life for the child of the great and magnanimous Velasquez.' There were tears in Abel's eyes when 1 : had finished, and he sat still for several minutes apparently looking at that bit of blue and madder ; but picturing in his mind the wonderful career of the Spanish , slave. ' Now, Abel, I tell you this story for two reasons — in the first place, that it may stimulate you and me to increased exertions; and iu tbe second place, because I believe your mysterious picture is either by Velasquez or by his famous pupil.' Abel stood upright at onoe and came - towards bis picture. ' Stay,' I said, interrupting him, ' there ? are such things as copies, and tbis may only . be a copy ; if so its intrinsic value is not . perhaps so very great, but we must look up . the history of the works of these great 1 artists.' ' Mister Kenrick, sir, excuse me ; I'll be back in an hour or so and throw some more light on that picter. I don't care who he's by or whether he's original. . If he was by that fllave I should almost worchip.hiiri — in fact I almost does now — and I questions as long as I can get bread and cheese if I shall sell him, unless it be to get money enough, Mister Kenrick, sir, not to buy this house, but to pay some painter to let me see him . . at work and give me some instruction. I'll be an artist yet, Mister Kenrick, mark my words, sir ; you haven't told rile that story for nothing.' Hereupon Abel fastened his apron (he would wear an apron) round his waist, put on his coat, and disappeared. In less than an hour be returned. As he came into the house I heard him say to Mrs. Crockford, ' don't bother about breakfast yet, dame ; we'll come when we be ready.' His face was aglow with satisfaction. In his hand he held the catalogue of a sale by auction. 'It occurs to me, Mr. Kenrick, sir, as there would be some miscellaneous lots at the dean's sale, and I finds out the man as bought some sundry books for five shilling. I goes to him, gives him half-a-crown for what he has left on 'em, and here's the very thing'; here's the picter, sold in London thirty years ago, ' artist unknown, ' and knocked down to the dean for twenty pound.' ' You are an ingenious, clever man, Abel,' I said. ' That catalogue may be of great service, and your discovery' of it is as good as a bit of detective police work.' '. I've heard as we knows more, about the . value of picters now nor we did thirty years agone.' ' Much more so, Abel, and it would not surprise me if we could have a search in London that your picture is worth the money at which you value it.' 'There be thousands in him, Mister Kenrick, sir. I thought as I'd discovered letters on him one day. He's a great picter.' 'No [doubt.' ' Some of the people as comes to see him goes mad about him. A lady the other day found a tear on the knight's cheek. * I can't . see it, but there's wonderful sorrow in them ; eyes, sir.'' ' The figure is rather stunted, Abel.' ' ' ? ' ' ' Well, Mr. Kenrick, sir, I've never heard that said afore ; but the criticism as I hears on him makes me laugh sometimes when I'm in a laughing humour ; otherwise I'se fit ; to get into a rage. One will say, for instance, ' abl the light and shade is beautiful.' Anther will say, ' yes, yes, very good ; but defective in light and shade.' Another will shake his head and 'say, 'magnificent in colour, Abelj 'bat a little out of drawing.' The next chap .will say, ' weak in colour, but fine in drawing ; perspective perfect.' Then there's others, us finds out bits of detail and goes mad over tbe hands ,* and -others as says the,iands.arfi'_iJlue£r,..y£ry.queer; but the texture of tbe garments wondfrful.' Some sqes 'great softness and: repose in the knight's face;' others think^it 'desLdedly hard.' ' Then there'e them as is alWaysVure ; there ismbrein the background, and advises 1 ine to ? have' all that horrid Tarnish off ; - whilst another lot says I've spoilt it with ! cleaning it, and that cleaning pictures is Vandalistu. No two is alike, and now you/ say the leading figure is stunted.1' 'Doa't be angry, Abel.' ? 'I baipt, Mister Kenrick, but; 1 be; astounded;' ' ?' .' ' ' It iB only the old story over again of the artist who placed his picture ' in . tlie : market-place for ? everybody to put ;tlieir i criticism into practical effept wfth paint'arid s brush;' ? . '' ? j ' And daubed it all butatlast--I know, : sir. They shan't daub this fcne;'T, can - tell'ee, Mister Kenrick, sir. I'll have a big : price for him if he's ever Bold ; and if he i ain't sold, why I shall have all the enjoyment ; of possession, sir.' Thus we chatted on until Mrs. Crookford said breakfast was getting cold ;' and thus we talked and painted on many another morning afterwards. They were happy days, these, to a certain extent ; but as I grew stronger and better, a fierce desire to know my real fate with regard to the girl in the lama frock took possession of me. Andri'ow and then in; bright, sunny days a whisper of ambition prompted me to look up out , of the poor and miserable associations of Har bourford. The companionship of poor Abel (who, though he was good, was very ignorant), the reek ol theatrical' sawdust and oranges peel, the everlasting drone bf ancient waltzes . and quadrilles, and the garish gas and tawdry tinsel of the Harbourford stage .oc casionally struck me as degrading. It seemed as if I was beginning to talk like Abel, as if I shuffled in my gait like that wretched prompter who played old men and made the manager's trousers ; it seemed as if the footlights were getting into my brain, and burning a bad pastile made up of oranges and smoke, that I tasted with my mind. Unless I had gone into the fields now and then, and lain me down by that shingly river which ran out into the sea, I should have gone mad. Fanoy becoming a melancholy-mad fiddler,, with your brain full of waltzes aud orange-peel 1 Fancy be coming a -maniac, with a picture of Velas quez for sale, always telling the story of Pereja,; and; nodding knowingly to every body like dear old Abel I What a friendless - and forlorn fellow I was in these days, when a light of an ambitious nature began to be rekindled amidst those strange .scenes at Harbourford. How one tender line, from Esther, or one kind word from Stonyfield — stony-hearted, cruel, infamous Stonyfield — might have raised me up ! - Sometimes at night I could hear, the roil ing of the distant sea; and it pained me to think that all memory of Lindford and the maiden I had left there would be wiped out of that river in the Lindford meadows when the quiet, meandering stream lost itself in the great waters. Where wasehe, this girl in the lama frock? — this Esther Wilton,, this soft-eyed, gentle thing ? Was she -really', false like the rest ? Had she been -won by- i gold? : Did she trust in those words of hope that I sent to her ? Would she wait until we met : again ? : Would the clouds clear ' away?. Was there sunshine behind them? : — or only black storm and wreck, and the darkness of bight ? I wearied myself with : my vague questionings, until one day in the spring, when a nearer approach to emanci pation from doubt arrived through the visit of a famous actress to Harbourford. Miss Julia Belmont of the Theatres Royal Drury Lane and Haymarket was announced -to appear at our theatre for 6ix nights only 1 CHAPTEB XXI. . . - . FRIENDS MEET AGAIN, AND ONE IS BICH. Why was I so particular in my toilette on that morning when 1 went to the first re hearsal during the 'Belmont engagement ?? .Why did -I walk with more elastic -gait, arid' feel' something like the sensation of newly conferred dignity ? When I first knew -that dear girl in the lama frock I used to ap-.' proaoli her presence with a sort of poetic fear, a dumbfounded kind of happiness. Yet'1 here I was going to meet a lady of genius,' one whom all- Harbourford would run alter, and whose wit made men quite humble and afraid: Here I was walking down the street like a' conqueror, with neither fear nor 1 alarm, until forsooth I suddenly remem bered that I was only second fiddle in the orchestra at fifteen shillings a week. This was a terrible' shock to my pride,' and inore particularly when I found that Miss Bel mont had come to rehearsal in a hackney -coach. That seemed like a reproach to my poverty. Myheroship fell down to zero.1 I was:going to iflash upon her like a meteor. Suddenly I discovered myself to be not even a star in' her hemisphere. She was the queen of the tragic muse; : Tplayed second - fiddle. She lodged at the Royal Hotel and came to rehearsal' in a carriage. I lodged' up a court, and- — - '.' It was a, happy thought cropping jap out ' of unhappy circumstances to ? steaCiilto the, ; property room'andbOrrowa wig', arid inbusjf tache. I did so, and ?A.bel'Crockford, wlio' had 'come in at the moment, ' lent me' his spectacles. They thought irib a little' mad, '- but 'my' eccentricity was not particularly ' alarming .amongst theatrical people wlio have license to do strange things. I sat .in ' the orchestra, not a conqueror, not thiB1] envied of the company as I - had promised'] myeelf, but'second fiddle.' My lady iooked charming. She was rounder 'and rosier than when I saw her last. There was atoueh of pink and white 1 in her cheeks such as Esther wore. . Was.it ; false f- Was it like ' Mrs. Mitching's peach bloom ? ; I 3id not think these questions at'1 jihe time! ; hut I remembered* being a little'; surprised; T)ie flotresseB whom Ihad seen jit Harbourford; caio to rehearsal without any Complexions. They put' these on' at ; night. - Moreover, they usually wore .their ; oldest things at rehearsal ; the theatre,1 they used to say, was so dirty. But Miss Bel mont looked as if she was' dressed for the part of a duchess. 1 ' ly The piece Was a *6mmt!cTlrattifl; -and the incidental triftsic'-wfis of importance/ ' -'Mora ; than once I thought 'Misfe Belmont fixed her eyes iipori rife 'in' a Metfrching' and inquiring manner. At theek times I professed to look very bord at my riiiisic. tbbugb £ could see but little through' ibel Orockford's ' glasses. I never played so' badly. If the leader had not befcn my friend I should assuredly have been snnbbed before the London star. There is no acting at rehearsals as yon know, at all events nothinglike wbat you iee^t night.1 ' '.'V THe^arTbourford company; 'were' the' more ' surprised. wjbat they evi- ; Gently coliiBideireil Jrnuoh waBte bf .^ower in : 'Miss; Belmont's 6coision(j .3i'splay ojf{r^I ' 'histrionio force during reheuBaL '.81ie, spoke ( ohb passage from the 'play with, wonderful ; -«ldcutibhary ' effect, so miicl^. so thajt the gftigritger Applauded, 'and se veisl- met^Verrof » me^Comp.any 'folibyed suit'; ' while th'e '.lady 7 'who . liad 1iith9rtb'Tpliyed the ')|ead cast^a'! ppnjieniptupus glance at a pinging olituriber- , maid who hoped some -day to occupy . an ; ' I !feltJ niy heart beat ' a Tittle wUdly fat j these jnoidents.y and inore . wUdly stfll at j ^the ; 'cIobsV wiea Miss' 'Bplmont' and''thp j manager had ' a short conyefsation'in '-my ! hearing. , 'I had a dear friend in Harbourford,' . said the actress. ' I first met him at Lind- : ford ';' lie was on the press there. ' Some ' time iago lie came to the Harbourford Mes senger.'; - ; ' You are quite sure ? of gbod press notices ' here,' said the manager with an obseguiduis, ; and cunning smile. ' I was not thinking of that,1' said the : My. '? . ' j ' Indeed ! ' said the manager ' curiously, ?i ' My 'friend was 'the. son of a ' bookseller. They.tiBll.mo-atthe.Messengerhewent.tp the- badi and .liecame! connected with your '?theatre.' . ' Was it necessary then that Jie sbould go ti- the bad before he .qaalifiod for the stage ? I liope, Miss Belmont—' \ I heard no more, hut quietly slipped away beneath' the stage, 'dropped iny wig and spectacles into Abel's hands, bade him be discreet, arid disappeared. I, rushed off to . my friend the shingly river. It was a bright spring morning. All nature looked hopeful and joyons. The river rolled along over stones and pebbles with a happy chirruping song. . What a change tp the gansh half-gaslight, half day light, of the .theatre. I. walked rapidly, but not so quickly as my thoughts came and went. | 'This.wdman loves me,'. I thought. ' I knew she-liked me at Lindford ; but ! was not conceited enough to . think slie lpved ine. itesides! were , jiot all my . thoughts occupied with another ? . Esther's jealousy, and. ^ier.Bister's denunciations of my con 'duct, MiBB ^Belmont's searoh for me this . morning, and hercbarming toilette, in a manner confirm the thought of the morning that the fair actrissp would accept my hand if I offered it. . She is ricbj they, say, and will retire from the stage ere lpng. With all my industry I can earn little more than | thirty shillings a week. I am in debt and difficulty. I owe Mrs. Orockford five pounds . and have not three in the wide . world. 1 1 : could marry Julia Belmont and snap my i fingers' at poverty.' . These mercenary . . thoughts conned ! through my braiu 'as I walked by the Har '. bouxford River.' Poverty is a fierce demoral j iser. ; How , poor l was, how very poor I ' must have been to have, reckoned up Miss 1 Beltriont's lpve, to, have ducbrintedmairiage in this wayl jNow'ahS tlien the river iy;oubi ;' stpp Land .flosylon at a bend, in . deep ,low ! iniifmjiirs/.like -tliat, old liver , in tjbieliihdfori |- meadov^B,' 'as ' if,, it mocked ine .with the memory^ of those happy days when '.Esther Wilton 'hung upon iny arm, or steered niy boat through the rushes and the .water-lilies. , Early spring grasses and I bnjding flowers nodded by the'rivei;, as if . in sympathetic -.whisperings with its quiet moments j arid then riiy heart would sink ' within me, yearning to' know1 if Esther Wil ton was still :tfiie to phristopher^JKenrick. ' The clouds 'racp'cl along in thp sky/one after i a^rioilier,, !jllke hands of liappy things, as'if they' said, '-onwards, oriwards — life is motion, it is only the dullards who watch and wia.it— K-nwardsi oriwards.' Julia Bel ' mpril peeriied toL. beckon me. I heard the' j rustle pf her dlkeri diess and tbe miisic of ]Her\ ringing yoice. ' By-and-hy ' the river , would ruB^ into a rqugh gorge aiid eirig the i same ' exciting song ; but ever and apon a 7sweefc patient face looked rip out of the' \- troubled ocean of iriy memory, and it seemed \- as if Hie Tiolets reflected back upon me 'the odour oifits quiet maidenly presence. '?' ?''? When I reached mylpdgirigs I found the. \- Crockfords iri a state of great exoitement. ' , ' ' 6, Mr. Kenrick, sir I ' exclaimed'.Abel. Miss Julia Belmont has been here, and left her card foryori.' _ ' I took , the card, and iri tha comer was ;print«d a Iiondpn address, * ' She seemed so disappointed that ypu were Mot at home,' said Mrs. Crockford. ' She.be an out-and-ont lady,', said Abel. 'What a splendid dress, and yet she - didn't seem tp-care a bit about, it !'' said Mrs. Crockford. ' She went aU over the house, :and- when I said it was a very poor ., place, she said yon knew her when she had : no better lodgings.' ? 1 'I sold :her three picters,' said Abel; ^' two of yours, Kenrick, and one of my ,oyrn.' ; . ''You should jiot have done that, Abel,' '.U-jaaid.; .'' leave me ,tb sell 'my««wp,,pie- ; tures.' . You've never. soU 'em afore,!', said Abel in groat astonishment. , . M , '' Wliat did ahe^ give yoti for them ? ' ' That be the bept onit, Mr. Kenrick, sir,' paid Abel, producing seven or eight sove reigns. ^ .... ,. , . . . ' I thought so,' I said. . ; 'There: ba something the ma,tter .^ifh you,' Sir. Kenrick, sir. Ypu aren't offended , mth.me ?' . .. , ,- ,... ' ' No, Abpl, my frien4, I api not ; there's my luind, and many thanks ,4», ypu, ' tiive pie my.share of theplunderl iiv. ffiipre be,' Ms ter K^i^ckt ffr-^fiye, . ppunSfc'- ' \ ''.Jhat is just what I pwe Mrs. .Crock ford,' Isai4r^d.Ilitoded'h'Mme^i&n;|y. ' She resisted' this payment, arid' Bo did Abel, rintil t said, if;they 'wbidd nbt take'it;' I sliould return it to Miss Belmont. I cannpt go. to the theatr^., to'-nj^l^-, . Abel,''J said. ' I am nptjwelL,' .What' js. tp; be done ? If , I play ? ijo. I^etitft' tKtuii Jdid this morning, I sball not be missed, ' , , ; ' I will tiy and arrange it fqr you, ' paid Abel. ^ : , . J,|. .*! Wliat is the matter ? ' ? Mrs. Orockford . asked.' . Nothing, nofUngl I shall be tetter in the'morBdhg.' We sat down to dinner in. pur plain, homely' room, and the Crockfprds cen tinued to - talk about Miss Jidia' Belmont. The manager had told Abel that the aofxess; had reoently come rnto a fortune'. It made' _me . mad, almp8t;i'to ;feel ;th|i.t l icbntinued to j 'denary attracticn^ ^tpwaras Miss Belmpnt. f' !: \- During, the afternoon . I received jtliejfol- ii lo^ng i 'note :— ' ') '??'? - j ' V Sear Mr! Kenriclt,— I have founii youout.'Iknoff' „nHy yoaavoid ine'.J7ou'ta^ve%ot proisper^inlile,'ttdd ? 'jl h'ave. ;'\yere it otherwisQ i-ou would not have heart Fer^af-p ereunow ,l-- pttLgethe prppristiGis ; t batyou know' -what a caritfcmpt We both had foi'-the arafeateBb' 'r '? ',l 1'^-- i \- 1 am my own -mistress, andhave nscently been lefts handBOme.annuity.'j Ithink our acquamtenoe- ; ship, coupled: with.my.inowledgQ^ of yourhis tory , . ana the follow feoling which it excited in'my hBart iohg ago, gives me tho right toask lor a continuatioh j ofcrirfrieDdahip.' ?j/il.-.'jj'.-'.-iJbr ^ ; , I caunot help f eelin g that, , if yoawere rich and^ you found me^joor, you would go out of your . way lxj | remind 'me of tho past, aud placa your txeaBury at niy ' disposal. '. 1 ?? '''J - : - j 1 Believe me, tliia iR no ostentation onj ray part ; ;tHe obligation is onmy side; -y? l'ou aro often in my thoughts.' Fi^iy como and 'Me me.' It has made me wretched to think that you - ihould avoiS me. ' '- ' : l: - i; . ^onrs most truly, - - ? ' . . JulJA.CEIjKONr.. . The letter ooritained a bank-note forfifty pounds. I would fain have kept it ; but for what? That I might gp- and seek^eut Esther ; '-that X might once 'moref:.a|Mid before her, ^not'a-beggar, land-hear my fate : from her ^owh lips.- And ' .supposing, she , wereall;shbhadbeen;: Supppsing the same i old love existed. Supposing, she came and nestled in iriy' armsj^ my first iove, (whoever loved tbat never loved itt first Bight ?), .Brid repeated theBe iwords whioh Ihad discovered on that once cruel - envelope. Why, then, not all the wealth in: the Indies, aB ^legacy with JuUa Belmont, ' would -take me -from that early choice; the girl in the lama frock, Should I spend Julia Belmont's money to fly to my early love ? I flung the note aside at' the thought of such an outrage. And supposing I . discovered Esther - Wilton to . be false. Supposing ehe were no better than Tom Folgate's notion of womari. Suppos ing that fellow-Howard had really won - her with his gold. Supposing I found her married.. Would this bring me back tp Julia Belmont? -Should I not curse 'the gold that helped me to such a discovery ? And conld l marry . Julia Belmont under any circumstances?' An actrass,: who had languished iu:the arms,'of'.Claude Melnottes and' Otbellos, who had- been kissed by Romeos and fondled' hy ' hosts of other dratriatic lovers. . Could I take this second hand beauiy tb my heart, having first been won.. by .modest ;lopks, ' itrpsting eyes, iiii sophisticated words, and. real . passion? I know nowthat I was unjust to MisBBelmpnt.;. but I was young &nd; romautic still, despite that fiiver and the humble: surroundings of iuy fallen fortunes. In onaturer years, not everi in thought, should I have arrainged the professibrial position : of iMiss Belmont ; but I could riot help picturing' the shrewd, clever actress and woman of the world, who would take care of irie andgive me money, against ' the dear little country, girl - whom I ? should love and protects.' But -: she will ristire from the etage.V saidimy more mercenary feelings, '.' and the: idea 'of. a beggar, like you quarrelling with -fortune, — the idea of you daring for 4:moment to hesitate about marrying' a beaaitful woman who loves yon: . and is rich and accomplished. Perhaps she woidd not have :yo,u, after all ; it may be your own conceit, this fancy of yours.' ? I was goaded to death with contending doubts arid fears. There was one thing abont which t really .did make up my. mind. I would fiddle . no more in the Harbourford orchestra. Julia Belraont ehonld not see me in that position at-^all events. Here I ? was wrpng, no, dbubt.. (The, mcuily thing, | would have been to. continue in my course 1 of labpur, so long as it was honourable ; 'land, there ; was really nothing degrading, i after; all, in. Iplayirig the fiddle in an or ;chestoa. . Many ii ,good man haB ri^en in the iprofession of; musip .from. , l^unbler service. Besides, -what should I have done ; without , it ?; Remained a 'pensioner -apon i the bounty pf poor Abel Crockford ? No; I should not have done; that. I was , weak and iU a,nd poor when I consented to . re-; ;ceiye, Abel's aid. When I.grew.stronger.J j oftentimes felt . like iome : , unhappy . prin.oe 1 ^ho had' been .kicked out. of his, dpnrinipns,; and longed tp . be free of this forced, state of, ! lowliness. . It was the proud blood of some . of those long-dead Kenricks exoiting in my veins the tamer. fluid of. tamer alliances. There was a time when the Kenrioks figured, at courts, when the men led armies and. the . women dazzled emperors. If it had not been for a drop of that old blue blood being still left in the family, I might' have been : ?living at Harbourford now, perchance play: ing second fiddle iri the orchestra. In the evening -I ;wrote abetter to MisB Julia Belmont, and returned the fifty pounds . with as much gracefulness as the circum stances .would, allow, I told her I hoped we should meet again some day ; she under no Ipse happy stars, myself with a brighter prospect before me. ,1 Assured her that I rejoiced .in her good fortune, and .counted . myself happy -in , having :.sp : noble., and, generou9..,a:{riepd. . If I palled ;KPPP bpr, I.i iBaid it womd le in the morpiiig.;, if I iid; not, I-hoped d10 wonld not think the worse ; of me, and tliat she. would not spt dowfcimyf present conduct to false pride* ... ? I had half a njind to, :^o and explain , everything to. her, including ;the jE^pntt of': my -previous visit but everi. at Lindfprd 1 1 had felt aome. 'unexplainable dplioacy about mentioning Esther.to her.apdnjiymeiscenary ; prompter again suggested:.: that,, if my fortunes grew worse, I might still change my mind, an4 wi.sh to marry the . rich ac tress. .. 0 ?? i I w^s' in Bea' of doubt and difficulty* ;; All J ((OBli^!? ww.-to niftke; -^spfiBate,fe; r totesVp wrfeowfofd jop.the.moflWWk gq' ip gtpjyi^ap.fee pr,seek ihe-adfioe,. fif, the JUtPhinge.i&t; land- 1 ford. :My.dp?ire Jp |athom the Folgate; find . Wiljwj;, n}ystory- i.Jw vfl.lwqst igrawuu initoapftssipp .wjtjun, the -past ; few days. . I.. ffi- ng(Ji)|:e.ljUi,e idea.^ihat q&n.; Miss- BelT piont'S jiurph^se of ^the piptUFes would ;help: me j on ?. WftS. 41'ome - faction to knqW ;|bS't Il|)a4 bwely toucnsd ; the lrioney,; and if .I started on tlje mpwpw, I ' fihoiili, lafter payiflg' iny. tailbjr j 'b^l, , haverli-ut 'a spvelrelgn /ftWd a 'li'^f wyinyj. little pro'pe'rties'ijrjtiv *^b^;un^l :1 I hafadreamthat )^ht. Xwti .^laiji^ to 'Julia Belmont.' We had^Jgrarid|bOTse{](, with statue^ on the staircase. Emmy Wjl* ton had superintended' tlie furnishing^ . I: walked snt^f the1 drttwin^-rdbm into Lind- ' ? ? : ? Willi (1..1 . — — ' ' ? ?ifgrd-!athpjjal,.ia?d i}iejreain Jthe^lbisters 1^ |^ilMypB,'f^hejp,aWyj ftiy '.?wo.thgr.stand'r ?4TOpsg';i,,?iatjI,jipyeiMw-i1^o.,;'i;rloye!'hiBi . yf.i^jlithen.jja^p^ijjhpt.^drfey^ish and '? Vafi^, ., Jt{^eB^^ ^s Jf j a1 ,dead- . voice ;had . v ' ' ' ; (Spoken.; ?, 1.. ± 'W^s, going-(tp.: be ill again, Ifelt ' ' .'. ^ure;:ofij#t;;;i.v^;pj;ewp^,fiattaokn.camB on . .something . ,in , this;.faihipnj ift l . drew- the bliiid. ; Jt. was ^ar beautifiil ; spiing.morning. ,.^Up siin, .just.neing,;was^Beriding. streaks of ? ? - isUy^r/sLni^pld intpotliefbaek^oo^ ; ,. ,#n .ugly' mist . w^s jioypring oyer the .^utters; .: . ! .'* .' . jt jvasiilcb the, breath ,o,f spmefeyer aipnster,'.::,. . ' ,|his . -lopal v e^ialatipn. ; t and trouble was ??.- jlowering my iiervoiis, energy down again to victini )ppint. ?! would bis ;. gone, il' dressed : ? : hu^iedly, .wrote o.short note for Abel.^x-'' . ? '?* plaining |[hat I had. -started .fpr . my father's ; house. at Stpnyfield, .where- he should hefa:' from me.,.,,. . ;i - -.?jri:! ? y ; . Out in the - qpiet streets, away'into the . -.broad highway, on hy the : open sea,- 1 felt ., like a new,' being. A dmught of ^nilk-with ??? brandy in.it.at'a wayside ,inn confirmed my Jiewsensations. .- - .-['??f'1 ?_ , ' Running away again, 'I'said to myself; and; then. I : thought of that iimisty autumn . longago. and'all .the -eveutB ithat'. had oc- - burred . since. : ' Running away from. ' too mEchkiidnesB,andgoodfortune.thls-tin2G,' - I said; aadrl^irayed in Jnyhieai:t(that soriib ' - of this .glorioue jspring sunshine and - its ..., buds and bloBsoms might really mingle v with iny future. - , 'Surely,' -I .said, 'my winter ,is , over,'-- : and the. spring-id ,at hand.' - , -: But it was net sp. The snow fell again ' upon my poor fortunes. ; -There i was ' wiriter in my purse 'for jijany a day.'Mhe ypung buds of my patent, hopes were frost-bitten. The sun of my prosperity.: was clouded.- I . ; . trudged .on thrqngbt the: great cold worldi . nevertheless, still; looking , ; for; the spring time and the -summer. , (To be cohtitiuei.) ? ? , Lpsd .Cltdb.— A 'rather stringe fe'ct is revealed in the recently-published biography of Lord Clyde, the brilliant British 's'plaier, who whUe yet a youth led the forlorn hope at: the storming; ®f '? ^sn 'Sebastian in' the Peninsular':lcaihpaign, aid who thus laid the foundia.tiori' for jiuA' .military renown sub sfequeritly.lwpn 'On jriany a wisll-fpnght field. Lord Clyde, eiiliStfed'at the' early age of fifteen, '-.an enSigrifcy- having been granted him by'the' Duke of York on the re'ebm mendation of an uncle; ' His father was a carpenter, worlting'for his living .in Glas gow; !hy naine. Maeliver. ' The Duke of York, when taking the. lad's naine,: entered it iri mistake Colin Campbell— remarking at' the time, !' another 'of the clah I sup-. pose ? 'Young Maeliver'' mentioned the circumstance to ' his uncle ori' le&Vihg; the room but the eld man Advised him' to let the mistake go— it . Would be better 'for many reasons ; and from that time till his death Lord Clyde was | Tm6wh as CoUn CampbeU. It-is satisfactory that, no man iri all the clan e'ver brought greater, credit to its name. ? . Trie 'Aubbioak PaF.sroF.NT. — General Gar field, the American President, is forty-nine ; but he doesn't look more than forty:five. With the exoeption of Giant and Pierce j' he is the youngest chief-magistrate wlio: evei; entered the White. House. About his face,' tone of thought, and_mode of speechj. there : is an abburid&g;'-vitality' that- betbltenB 'the ' most complete 'ebhditiori pf . manly health.' His hair ' is of a chestnut-'brown, ' cropppd shpri ;'? anil,, he wears' the; Jfull b'eaird. , with here arid there somp' ^BUverteutjh.ea ' cumi^'^ts' brown' luxiiriaiice^ 'In'figure 'te'is,'bV^il!the middle height'; his broad shoulders ar^' well' ' set bafek j 'anid' his abijipely, heaid is admirably poised on his firm' rounded neck. '' Jefferson excepted, he is tlie 'fineBt ^clib^ . who was ! ever promoted to jthe'p^lideritlsl cjian^ilind i he is described- 'aB'' of1 eng^ing'*^nner— ! ' conlial arid1 sihjple', ^ret; peircct^/'dignibSed. , \- The'aingels bl-his -hcttraafeijjb.j&a;* titf' b'eiiii I tiful' little iflbtlie'r,' 'airiS ', Ms f ^auiet I gentle' laAy'of ' type' dear iB'ffie^nghsli '? hearty ' soft arid /retiring,' 'yet; full' ,of 'Render , ' thoughtfulnteBS. 1 ;- - New have alnady'H4d'VyMegra^|i'a'brief|s]ietpli of the proposals which'lthe''New;'?eaWid: | government intends to sabitdt to pM- liainent during the session ;abput tp, be openc^, as disclosed by the premier in a public address to his oonstituents'at ^eeston. , The New Zealand Herald of ^lay 27j contaiiis (t fiill report of Mr; Hall's speech, which 'gives a lubid account of what has been achieved by the ^ministry during its eighteen month's' tenure of office, and a etatement of what it .contemplates1 doing in the immediate future. The hpn. gentlemaii 'bomnieiiped ^iis review iofpaBt events . by direbting attention tb the finances,' arid he was in a posit jon . .tp show that by judicious, but ' determined re trenthmeht, the' government has, so much Te'duced^e_e^eriditure ihat Jthel-amouiit ' parliament , wiUrbe .asked , to ,p^0Yidje. -»ext ' . ses^dnijinllhe; nearly i25p,p0p4e|^.^than^ ; the vetes^pf the.preywus j^ear.; , Upon Jihisi^ . topic some remarks 'were made , ^hich I'havp : , a bearing'upon Viotprian affairs.and.'the : plain- speaking'pf jthe qonserv^tiyie -press , in -.. tbis,cpl6ny.f'' .Whenjihe 1 unfoi^unate, state of |the JSew (Sealftii .fipfinpep j5vas ,amiptinced , 1 in J879at wae de'clturedbyi-.^ir. George Grey . and hisa^hSr^its tliat^. Hall'e party had-, injiireS Jhe'i.colpny^yyjpfooilimi^ fic]ency.',J '}$& course. Hall': , saysj 'stig^?' t^t'Vg^jjratb^^tban^-harm {UUpm^^^rgiQ jnaMjg ' ^..plgan : . everything. That ' temporary. , , depwjp^wft , l^^^apperhajie in^ab]e, :^ut thejaction 1 taken restpred confidence., both ftt lipme.and. . abroad, ' au^ 'New/^ew^j^p^ities now : Sliibd higher, jffiptn ^hey'«^;- eFWjdoijp .'Jj.e- ? fore. * ,'The resqji ..entmy j'uBtifiefcJihej jrg-.: . vaffStjpS k a degpieRgy-' Mft fojyi .itb aeon^^Snwaalj^gjiilibjai^yriWjllv . neyei: 'really injure# fpuntry; 'u'u&l; 'jspunoo tioh^tV&e;^ribjpoipfrefee^ ?RiJVTOin'Hpn'ajlhatJteeimprpvementinthe vts .tho ei^Wipl&^|)Uy^7thelftt§ ministei'.of r^wawT too, ^yj^iucWg, : jtb§ tepienditlii'e in!,3HsSen^^nei4- wd!hy1j?ai^iiig.:the,HiteB l^dsofitfa^o^ h^guewMed . mmdMgthegoyernmentiline^ e0nt..uppn-their -igst; in^teft^-p/ ^?jej.'.fieBt., Mb, siihU. .eiiiijUVs: ^cpmppitoghotelput^fisfcMypjgenero.nsly. of anotlier tfiat ''it 'stands without ariival.' 