THE SISTER-IN-LAW. (FROM THE ALTA CALIFORNIA.} 44 So you like this place, Barbara 1" said the bridegroom, smiling down into the blue eyes that shone like violet stars against his breast. 44 It is a little paradise 1" the bride an swered, enthusiastically. And so it was—the pretty cottage house, with its miniature bay-window, its fresco*! parlour, the little dining-room, with dados and friezes, according to the most modern ideas of art, and the chintz draped windows upstairs. 41 And everything is just as you would have it ?" questioned Mr. Fontaine. "Yes, except—" And then Barbara stopped short, and began, with a little embarrassment, to finger the buttons of lier husband's great coat. 44 Except wliat, my darling," urged Fon taine, tenderly. 44 Must your sister live with us always ?" asked Barbara, with a little pout Fontaine's brow clouded over. 44 She lias no other home, Barbara." 44 Don't you like her, Barbara ?" 44 No, I don't," said Barbara, with a shrug of the shoulders. 44 She's so cold, and silent, and sullen. And she isn't a bit pretty. I like people to be pretty." 44 You're an unreasonable little puss !" said the bridegroom, laughing. 44 Mary is well enough. It's her way to be silent. 44 But it isn't mine. And I shall be sure to quarrel with her before the week is out." 44 The quarrelling will all be on your side," said Fontaine. 44 Alary never quar relled with anyone in lier life." 441 hate human clams !" said Barbara. 44 Air, you'll get along splendidly said Fontaine, glancing at his watch. 44 And now good-bye ! I'm late for business al ready. " As he went out tlirough the pretty little octagonal anteroom, he saw Mary Fon taine, standing, like a pale statue, be tween the white muslin curtains, and the unpleasant idea whether she could possi bly have overheard any part of their re cent conversation entered his mind. 44 Go in and talk to Barbara, Polly," Baid he, cheerfully. 44 She'll be a little lonesome without me just at first, and will be glad of your company." Miss Fontaine glided, like a silent ghost, into the bright drawing-room, where the tea-roses blossomed, and the canaries sang, and a bright sea-coal fire glowed under the maroon-velvet draperies of the mantle. But, with all lier efforts to be sociable, she found herself unable to talk. Sub jects were taken up and dropped, until Barbara desisted in despair. 44 Sit there, like a statue of silence— and a grim one at that, if you like," said she to herself, as she took up a novel and leaned back among the sofa cushions. 441 can stand it, if you can ?" and a dead muteness fell on them. Mary Fontaine's eyes, falling on the op posite mirror, took in the contrast be tween the two, and the pang thrilled tlu'ougli her heart. Barbara, was like a little human sunbeam, so bright, so viva cious, so full of mirth and sweetness, with lier flossy masses of golden hair, wild rose complexion and laughing blue eyes; while she, pale and dark, with solemn grey eyes, colourless complexion, and lips that seemed stricken absolutely dumb in tbe presence of the bride, was the type of a cloud. 44 It is as she said," thought poor Mary. ' I am not ia pleasant object about the house, I don't wonder that she wants me out of it. But, oh, I did so hope that she would have loved me a little ?" As the weeks went on, Mary grew even colder and less demonstrative in maimer ; and Barbara more careless and indiffer ent, while Harry Fontaine looked dubi ously OIL " The girls don't get on well together,' said he to himself," " and I'm sure I don't know why." But one chilly autumn evening, as Maiy Fontaine was strolling aimlessly among the woodland paths, just beyond the garden wall, picking up a red leaf here and there, •she met a fat, vulgar-looking old woman, carrying a black-velvet bag, and dressed in the very height of the fasliion, coining out of the cottage gate. " Are you one of the family ?" said the old woman, brusquely. Mary looked at her in amazement. " I am Miss Fontaine," said she. " Then I think you ought to interfere," and the old woman, angrily. " I don't understand you," said Mary. The old woman opened her black velvet ag. " Look here i" she said. " Young Mrs. Pqntaine'e diamonds 1" cross of goldstudded with sparkling stones, which Mary knew had been her brother's bridal gift to pretty Barbara Stanley. " I am Mrs. Jackson," said the vulgar old woman, who had a watering eye, a red nose, and a husky voice, as if she spoke from under a feather-bed, "I'm in the borrowing and lending business, and I supplied young Mrs. Fontaine with money for her wedding-clothes. She never paid me. Said she couldn't; said her husband didn't make her an allowance—simply .paid the bills as they came in. Well, I wasn't going to stand this, you know. I threat ened to put the whole thing into a law yer's hands for collection. Then she gave me this cross for security, she said ; but I can't sell it, nor yet I can't keep it. This way of doing business don't suit me —no, nor never did. So I'm going straight to Mr. Fontaine liimself; and if my young lady don't like it she may just lump it that's all there is to it." Mary Fontaine had listened with inter est. " How much is the debt ?" said she. " Well, miss, what with interest and compound interest, and collecting charges, and my own expenses," said the odious J old woman, counting up the items on the i finger of her dirty kid gloves, " it's nigh , 600 dollars—576 dollars and 87 cents." " Come into the house with me," said ! Miss Fontaine, "and I will write a cheque j for the amount." i " You ain't in airaest ?" said the old ! woman, incredulously." il Yes, I am." When Mrs. Jackson departed, she car ried in her greasy pocket-book a cheque for 576 dollars and 87 cents, and the little diamond cross lay in a certain rose-leaf scented Japanese box in Maiy Fontaine's dressing case. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Fontaine were go ing out together to a dinner-party that evening. The bride wore her wedding dress of creamy white silk, her wedding flowers woven into the flossy gold of her liair, and a simple turquoise brooch fast ened the narrow frilling of rich Lice at her throat, as she came smiling down stairs. Fontaine looked critically at her, and missed one detail of her toilet. " Where are your diamonds, Barbara ?" lie asked—'' the little diamond cross ?" The sudden scarlet mounted her brow. "I—I preferred not to wear it to-niglit," she stammered, busying herself with her bouquet. " Go and get it at once, dear," Fontaine said hurriedly. "I want my little wife to look her best and sweetest to-night." " But Harry ." " Quick !" said he, with loving impe riousness. " I'll wait in the hall while you are gone. It won't take you a min ute. " Slowly, and with lagging footsteps, Bar- ; bara obeyed; but the instant sbe was | within her own room, she threw herself, i white silk dress and all, on the low cliintz- i covered sofa, and buret into tears and | sobs. i " What shall I do V' she cried, aloud, j in the utter despair of her poor little souL i " Oh, what shall I do ?" A soft arm was passed around lier neck; she felt herself gently lifted into a sitting posture. "Here is your diamond cross, dear," whispered a gentle voice. '' Let me fasten it on for you." " Mary V' " Yes, Mary ; your sister, dear." " But where did you get it 1 How did you know ?" " Don't stop to talk now," said Maiy. "Your husband is waiting. I will tell you all bye-and-bye." Mrs. Fontaine wore the diamond cross to the dinner party; and, when she came hack, she went straight to Miuy's room and heard the whole history of the little ornament. She flung herself on her knees at Mary Fontaine's feet, and laid her cheek on her lap, with a burst of grateful tears. " Oh, Mary !" she cried ; " you don't know what a deliverance you have wrought me. I believe I would have committed suicide rather than to have let Harry know how weak and vain and foolish I liave been. But indeed, indeed, it lias been a lesson to me. You have saved me by your noble generosity ; and, now, how can I ever thank you for it ?" Mary Fontaine's deep, dark eyes swain in tears. Involuntarily she held out her hands to Barbara, with an imploring ges ture. Love me," sbe murmured, in low tones. " That is all I shall ever ask. Call me sister—let me he truly a sister to your heart! Oh, I would rather be loved than to tread a pavement of sheeted dia monds ! All these months you have held aloof from me because I am pale and plain, and have 110 gift of eloquence to woo peo ple's hearts. Oh, Barbara, love me, and I shall be more content!" And the clasp of Barbara's anus, the touch of her warm red lips against Mary's clieek, sealed the covenant-of these two hearts. "So you've found out what a trump our Polly is !" triumpliantly exclaimed Hairy Fontaine, a few weeks afterwards. " Didn't I always tell you she was worth her weight in gold " And you told me the truth," said Barbara, giving her sister-in-law a liug that nearly took away her breatli. But the two women kept their own secret. 