MELBOURNE GOSSIP/ (PBOM OtTE MELBOURNE COBRBSPONBESI.) There is another lion in the path of the Mimstay, and, to my mind, the most formidable of all. It will be remembered by those who study politics, that the ruin of Mr Service's Ministry in 1875 was caused by that gentleman daring to interfere, or ostensibly so, with the protectionist policy of this colony. Politics after all are all severely personal, and if you touch iheir pockets you arouse the people. And at present certain influential friends of the Ministry are endeavouring to get them to take the tax off bags and woulpacks. Any more in that direction would let the devil loose at once. As far as they cany the Ministry intend to make the Royal Commission the scapegoat but some of their friends, who want to make them out the fanners' Ministry, are pressing them very hard on- these points —to their destruction if they take the advice. Sir Allan, the late secretary of the Reform League, was presented the-other night by several friends in that "body mtli a tea service in recognition of his services, X hear that general surprise was expressed at only two members .01 the late -Ministry having responded to -the invitation to subscribe—these honourable exceptions were Messrs Berry and Langridge. The Sydney telegrams last week contamed an item that must have saddened many in Victoria, especially in Sandhurst. They informed us that Mr James Booty, late treasurer of the Theatre Royal, Sydney, was -dead. His brother, Plul. Booty, was over here the other week, jiving evidence in the great case Heffernan versus Watson. Mr James Booty was quite a young man, but his was a sad, sad story, I remember him first m Sandhurst as a leader of society 111 that city, popular with, all classes and a dashing young man. He was fond of theatricals, and was an amateur actor of considerable ability, especially in burlesque, which was then veiy popular. I first saw lum as Distaffina niBombastes Furioso, and afterwards as Azucena in the burlesque of II Trovatore. He was the first, I believe, to start the idea of the Sandhurst Easter Fair of which he was the life and soul. But, like many of lus .brilliant class, he "went wrong," and paid a visit to San Francisco, where it is said he was robbed of all his money. He returned to Victoria afterwards, lus friends having arranged matters, and was. manager of St. James' Hall in Sandhurst and afterwards treasurer •of the Theatre Royal, Sydney, but lns : heart was broken, and he never did any 7 good. His spirit was too sensitive, he was too proud, to long survive the blow. So ends a sad romantic history, to which I have only referred to point tlie moral that gifts are nothing if they are not put to use. that meteor-lives are certain to end as meteors do, suddenly extinguished in the blackness of darkness. The Government Prmterslup is still in abeyance, and it will be a fight to the death over it between the Argus and the Advocate. I tlnnk it is safe to back the latter newspaper at sixes to fours. _ There is a good deal of quiet speculation about the possible changes in several electorates. Political quidnuncs tell me there is to be a great change in Sandhurst, and that the members for that district next time will be Mr John Quick and the two Alfreds, Mr Alfred Josephs, and Mr Alfred Bayles. I do fancy Mr Josephs myself, but not Mr Bayles. Mr Robert Clark is said to have lost ground, especially •with his countxymen, the Cornish- North Gippsland is also speculated about, and Mr M'Kean's deliverance at Numurkali, that he will retire from the House when Ins mission is completed, the railway to Bairasdale and the opening of the Gippsland Lakes, has given hope to those who have an eye to the seat. Let them not be too sanguine. As there is no likelihood of Mr M'Kean seeing the iron horse in Bairnsdaleand the lakes opened before the next general election he is not likely to say " Now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace." Mr Tale's brother is to replace Mr Euicliam in Ballarat- Mr Billson is said to be safe to defeat Mr Zmeke m Beech worth, as that gentleman has made no mark whatever since lus entrance into Parliament. The Conservative journals had a good deal to say about , the corruption of the 1877 Parliament. How is it. if that Parliament =was corrupt, its members did not make money? I notice m the Government Gazette of this week that the estate of the late Mr W. J. O'Hea was placed m the hands of the Curator of the Estate of Deceased Persons, and the value is set . downat ±186 6s 9d:. Certainly, if there were- good things going, Mr O'Hea had none of them. History will yet do justice to the members of the 1877 Par]lament, and declare they were earnest, sincere, and disinterested, but led by very unwise men. < An old friend of nnne, who is at present wandering m other lands enjoying a well earned holiday,. has, sent me a very interesting letter from Vienna, where he was staying at the tune of writing- I make a few extracts which. will be of interest:—"I stayed three months in the States. -The . Yankees are a strange people, but the most prosperous and enterprising in the world. The' progress of manufacture is wonderful, and French and English .firms are transporting their machinery, material, and workmen to America bodily. . I am convinced that if . the. States hold together another fifty years no power in the world will be equal to the Union. Kotorietyirantmg is one of the principal occupar tions. Fancy, a clergyman who is to attend the Methodist conference in London in September is taking lus .bicycle with hun, wi th which he intends . to travel . 111: Britain and France - ' \- - v. The commercial prosperity is enormous, but from what I hear, • a crash is imminent in Wall-street" , The public are mad on railways, 'arid the' lines that are now heuig built into.Mexico are legion. Tliese railways will in future lead to tliea.nnexa.tion of Mexico, just as : Texas was annexed. Monopoly is the order of the day 111 the'States, and when • I was there, the great capitalists were fighting for the control" of various rail-' ways: The next .war mthe-States will be one between the capitalists and the people, : and will'be the most terrible ever yet known, for the feeling even now is very bittei. The great capitalists drill their employees like tioops Spiritualism is still a living faith in the . States. A class, of mediums has now appeared that performs marvels I was not lucky enough to get an invitation to the . seances, .for they are at present very seleet;: but reputable peisons tell me tliat the mediums cause the deadixjiappear, clothed , in palpable forms, the "peculiarity being that while the body and hands are material enough, the faces ale essentially those of ghosts A sceptic told me it was all a tuck, one assistant personating all the aj paritions, but, % some contrivance wearing a difleient head each time. Anyhow, these ' ghost-faced' manifestations were creating a lot of JIOISO 111 New York when I was there Vienna 13 a livehei place ill fin Paris, and I like it even 1 etter. The Viennese are as sprightly and as wicked as the Paiisians, but-without the petit mailt e natuie of the latter, their finickuiess . . . Even here we aie not without political troubles' The Gerinaiis have a. great . spite against the Jews, but in Hungary the Czech popular tion hate the Germans and abuse them. Count Taafe, the Prune Minister, (he is not a 'Welshman) favors the Czechs and gives way to ihein, so that -they have become very aggressive The Czech students m Prague recently -attacked the German students while at a picnic, and killed some and wounded others. The populace stoned the wounded students on their returnand broke all the windows of the Germans. The scenes wore disgraceful and the Germans had .no redress. They met the fete of the Jews m their own country. The theatres still remain very dull. The Kelly season at die Pnnces's has closed. " Gratitude" was really a? good ; play,' hut the actors would not act it, and the audiences preferred ,to see Sergeant Kennedy's death re-enacted on the . boards every night. I regret that M. Kowalski has not been able to make tiieExhibition ieoncerts a success. •. Miss Tliayer's singing alone oughtto have made them. M. Kowalski's opera. Vcrcingetonx is to be produced at the Town Hall Saturday week. 