The Rook. ' n -.. The (ant letter of your Tollbw oor rospondent surpri»ed rno, Wroia BOtno oAtiBO I seem to h&yo; obtained iiii enmity, and I have boon puBlioR my br«iii-- to find tha rcMon.J-ut I have fnilu.l. I was at fint Inclined to treat bis letter with the contempt it desorvoe, and take ho notice of It faneed wore I to do so people would imagine that there wm somo founda tion for hit 0-sporsionn, and that I WMRnfr.iMoriilm. ArnM,fi»^^iMi ! I am m friffhtoned ot' him as 1 ant of tho Hugundra ghost, or that tome relative will dio and loave mo a few millions, I lately roil nf a in in who bad been imbibing freely visit ing an Att Gallery. In it there chanced to bu novoral lavge mirror*, and the man happened to post him iuI fin front of one. He mistook it for a picture nnd l-ogan to criticise it. He thought highly of the artist'* work, but wat* surprised to think ho choso tio bad a tubject, for he Raid ho could plainly rco the principal „ figure was a blackguard and a sot. Now, eould it have boon posniblo that Monsieur Toll bar had his look ing glnus in front of him whon be ' drew Tom Brown'* character, »nd, from his knowludgo of the subject, drew Iiin conclusion*. I am inclinod to think so, for what ho has written io in no way applicable to me, what over it may bo to himself. Tiiono who know* him of courno can belt tell. It may bo that he want* to ongao;o in a newspaper war with me, for ho may bo tired of waging bat tles with tho milliners of Cooma. If this be the case, I am sorry that at prexont I cannot comply with his wish ; I ut once acknowledge I am mich a vocn biliary of vituperation and knowledge' WBHlinKHgate iWl'' it wouM take 1110 t-- serve twn or throe yearn appriMiticnship on the ISntliurxt Sentinel before I cnuld even hope to niRel him on nn ci|imlity. Dot his idfln may be to blacken my character in tin- ovi-h of the pulilic. If that I'! it., I I.'JjjIi at it, fur, tu all rij{ht thinking micii, lin !i;ih hiiITuiimI ni'iro liy Imm I -? t,( .- f thnn 1, But 11 k 1 luivo 110 wish in clcar int; tny charactur to blacken his or uiy onrj«, nnd as I ntn no much of 11 John Hull iin t.o wiHhlo meet an enemy faco tu faco, and tint wait t'» shout him from behind a hedge, or strike him with a knife in tho dark, I have 11 siijjifostion to mak', It will, in my fancy, be better than a thousand , iciiors w me papers. jListnaino appoint a place in CVioina, and there on any date ho clioosus, T will mvut him face to face, and tlici ht-, if ho dares, can repeat whatho ha« written. Until ho (Joci so, I will takn no further notice of him or his letters. In fact, I do not know but that I am now playing into his hands. In thin world tlmro are many people | who do not care what thoy do if ', they gain notoriety by it, and per- j haps ho is ono, and thinks if hi makes me notice him others will do so too, He has succeodod for the present, but, unless ho doe- what I ask, ho will yol no further notice from mo. Now, Mr. Editor, I am Horry to trouble you with so much private matter, knowing as I do your work to find space for public affairs; but, as you published tho attack on me, you will also, I trust, find room for my defence. I leave tho public also lo judgo whoso character is tho worst, the traduccr :-r the traducod, the slanderer or tho slandered, A.i I am this time de fending myself, I can deal with no other matters, but will do so in my I next I Tom Brown. 