BLACKERTHAJTTHE 3 BLACK •Br PBUTETBE. r^iierc Anglican rectors pick up their notions of Infallibility-the blunder Anglian rectors commit in confounding Infallibility with the blasphemy of Geneva —Oliver Cromwell's death-bed theology— 3 black " Articles " of a fallible Church.] REFIT TO OUB. ANGLICAN RECTOE. (Continued.) Last week, my dear rector, I asked you where you had picked up your notions about fallibility and infallibility. It does not appear from your letter of September 23rd, which I quoted, in what grammar school or college library joxi gained these notions, and, froinW nursery character of them, I suppose I may give the glory of their acquisition to that venerable and very learned lady, Madame Jeanettc Walker, who had the honour of initiating you in the orthographic mysteries of a b, ab, i b, ib, u b, ub, at her «and academy for very small boys. And your notions about infallibility are worthy flf your accomplished preceptress's ferula; and still more so of the renowned which completed those studies by a paper of 29 questions on the everfamous •< 39 Articles," to prepare yon for th Bishop of London's episcopal legerdemain •commonlv called " Ordination." From these sources, f assume, yon picked up your notions about infallibility, and, therefore, I do not wonder that yon should seem to have failed so signally in acquiring the proper meaning of the word. Infallibility, my poor rector, means simply absolute c»rtainty of knowledge. Adam had this infallibility of knowledge in regard to the primal revelation made to him by Almighty God. From Adam this infallibility of knowledge concerning God's revelation descended to Noah, and from Noah to Abraham, and from Abraham to Moses, and from Moses to David, and from David to the times of the Prophets, and was never lost. The Jews often set the revelation aside, and substituted something' else in its place; but, even in the worst of their defections, the infallible knowledge of God's revelation to Adam was infallibly maintained by thousands of the people and their, priests. That Moses (for instance) had a command from God, which he infallibly understood, no believer in the Pentateuch can for J a moment doubt. Joshua acted on the'eommand given to Mioses in exterminating the Canaanites. Joshua had an infallible knowledge of what he was to do with t.he Canaanites—that is, he had an absolutely certain knowledge of a revelation made to Moses, and communicated to him by Moses, though, no doubt, Joshua may have been present at some of the revelations made to Moses. Joshua was never mistaken about the •certainty of his own knowledge. He infallibly knew. He was not, and could not be, mistaken as to the revelation received. No -one could persuade him that he had never received a revelation, or that he •didn't understand it. No one could cheat him into a false belief about it. He could •contradict anyone who asserted that he was in error about the directions communicated to him from heaven. Infallibility is altogether a matter of knowledge, knowledge so clearly imparted that it cannot be misapprehended, nor mistakenly communicated to others—knowledge beyond the possibility of doubt or distortion. Every Englishman infallibly knows that Queen Victoria is reigning sovereign of theBritish Empire. Try, my dear rector, do try yonr hand at convincing the people of Herefordshire, or of London, that their loyal belief in the sovereignty of Queen Victoria is a delusion. I think you •couldn't pursnade one sane Middlesex man, that Victoria isn't his queen. He has an infallible knowledge to the contrary. He has a knowledge you couldn't ever take out of him, and insert a different belief in its afcead. I wish to bring you face to face with your own notions of infallibility, so that you may look at them and see what they are. If ever you made a long sea voyage, my •dear rector, and stood on the poop of your good ship on a very dark night, had yon any -doubts of the ship's steerage, and that she might be going wide off her course, the man at the wheel being scarcely visible in •the gloom? No; for the man had his eye on the compass. But if there was no compass, then you might well have doubts of the vessels' going right. In fact, no one could say with certainty where she was going. And the Catholic" Church, without infallibility—without absolutely certain knowledge of the revelation made to bar by Almighty God—would be as a Orient Company'ssteamer la the middle of the Indian Ocean with no compass on board. She might be going Jight; but it was equally true that she might going wrong, and to dismal shipwreck. Infallibility can always say, " This is ifche w »y; walk ye in it," and fallibility never can say this. Fallibility means imperfect, dubious, unreliable knowledge. Fallibility is a ship whose compass is unsettled, off its •ilance, and damaged. No seaman, if sober, 1 would, depend on such a compass. It is extremely difficult, however, xriy dear rector, to. get you to "look at infallibility as it. K, Paradoxical as it is to say so, your idea of iniillibility is that it is the most fallible of a11 : things. Your letter ; of September 23rd,' witty and Barcaaticas it is, evidently considers that infallibility is only a ridiculous : piece of nonsense, Wbe-laughed at. w hard to make -oust any meaning whatever d from its scoffing levity; but, from its in- ta determinate allusions, I am able to perceive that the Pope, and the 1100 of his bishops, olid his 120,000 prieBts, and his 230,000,COO spiritual subjects, are contemptibly wrong in their notion of infallibility, and that you, the rector of Marks Parna know all about it. Why didn't you go to the Vatican Council of 1870, and give the mitred fathers there assembled the correct definition of infallibility out of your " 39 Articles ?" So far as I can translate your witty and sarcastic letter into intelligible paraphrase, you appear to think that infallibility- is some semi-omnipotent fatalistic compulsion, by the brute force of which all members of the Catholic Church are withheld all through life from saying or doing anything bad or contrary to the laws of God or man. Tour Protestant, Anglican rectorial notion of infallibility seems to be the blasphemous Calvinistic fiction, so prevalent 200 years ago among Anglicans; of irresistible and inamissible grace, by virtue of which " the believer" who had once received it could never fall away, or do anything that could forfeit his right of salvation. According to your witty and sarcastio apprehension, this is what Catholics mean by infallibility, and is the doctrine of their Church, a sinless state of inflexible sanotity, a stern perfectibility in faith, hope and charity, which precludes the risk of everlasting perdition, even by the shooting of landlords. Alas! dear rector, for your blunder. There is no more rationality in it than in the braying of that scriptural wild ass in the deserts of Madian. You must have been reading the historians lately, who say that Oliver Cromwell, on his death-bed, asked his chaplains whether the soul which had once been in a state of grace could be lost; to wliich Owen, or Reynolds, or some of them, replied, that " once in grace always in grace " was good gospel. " Well, then," said Oliver, who shot 2000 or 3000 soldiers at Droghcda who had surrendered and given up their arms—" well, then, I am safe, for I was once in a state of grace." This must have been your notion about infallibility on the 23rd of last September ; and when your telegrams informed you of the shooting of Lord Leitrim by " members of an infallible Church," you said to yourself, " Oh, this is the fruit of what they call infallibility— shooting landlords. All! the pretence is exposed. These murders by Romish peas- ants is a complete confutation of so shame, ful and nefarious a tenet as infallibility which so insults the Protestant world with its assumption of a transcendent, unsinning holiness, which prevents all professing the Romish religion from every sort of crime or breach of the Divine law. Such appears to be your notion of infallibility, and your wit and your sarcasm are expectorated on the infallible Romanists, as on detected impostors. Now, all this waste of wit and sarcasm on your part is owing to a profoundly erudite blunder of yours, which led you to mistake absolute certainty of knowledge for an absolute sanctity, which saves the possessor from all possibility of sin. Are you ashamed of your blunder, my dear rector ? Not in the least. Bather you are proud of it as having afforded you a text from which to preach sarcastic slanders against a Church which, through three long centuries, has defied successfully all your legal and material efforts to blot it out from existence, or bribe it into your apostacy. You are never so happy as when you are defaming this infallible Church. It is the very instinct of the fallible to hate the infallible, and when silenced to-day you start afresh to-morrow, and quote Scripture in defence of your malignity. The fallible loves the fallible even to the extent of impeaching the wisdom and goodness of God, who gave man a revelation, but omitted to give the means of perpetuating His revelation in its integrity to successive generations. The first generation might probably be able to preserve it for 25 or 50 years ; but, then, coirnption must needs come. But why must corruption come upon God's revealed truth after 25 or 50 years ? Has infinite wisdom no method ef protecting a revela tion from being falsified ? Tour Anglican, reformed, Protestant, and " trsly Scriptural" Church says it doesn't know; but, at the same time, hastens to point out the neglect or foreetfulness, or oversight of God. Tour fallible Church asserts that all Churches have erred. Well, but why need they err if God distinctly reveals what they are to believe? If God takes care that His creatures clearly understand what He wishes them to believe and to do, why need they forget what He oommandsf If, by the frailty of their nature, God knows they are liable to forget, His goodness binds Him to guard them on that weak side, and erect a barrier which shall prevent their falling over into error, if error be fatal. Clearly, the responsibility rests on God to save His creatures from misapprehending the solemn revelation He has taken the trouble.to make. Why should not Almighty God provide the machinery for saving His revelation from the peril of this fallen -world's changeful scenes, and the fluctuations of human thought, the ebb and flow of social science, the clash of civil discords, the collisions of rival empires, and all, that numberless series of shifting customs, and fashions, and feelings? Why should not God furnish His creatures, whom Hewaspleased to call to the knowledge of Hin^lf,. with » preventive against all variation iirthe creed He gave from mutability of ey-eiy kind, and enable it to bear the brunt if iti the arts of hell, or human ot - traitor-craft ? The infallibility of the Church iB'this preservative. The Church knows, : with an infallible knowledge, all that a Godhae revealed for the salvation of the orldi Infallibly knowing. she can infallibly eclare what she knows. -gfc.3Pa«l [Actsix.j p ells the priests, Whom he had called together A t Miletus, that he had declared to them the P whole counsel of God. The Church, therefore, had the whole counsel of God. Could she ever lose tliis whole, entire revelation ? If she could, God would never have sent such a representative of His own unchangeable purposes for the redemption of the world. God never sent any prophet without first an infallible knowledge of the message he was to convey; and, second, with power and authority to deliver the message as he received it, that is, infallibly, with absolute certainty that it was God's message he announced. The Church is not all laymen. The Church has an order of ministers. This order comprises the Ecclesiadvceius. Those who are not of this order are the Ecclesiacredent. The lay and the cleric comprise the whole Church. The teaching order is the voice of the Church, and speaks through its chief minister, the Pope, as the Church's tongue. In all cases of dispute, where the faith of the whole Church is touched, the Pope, as Chief Pastor, by God's appointment, can say with an infallible certainty of judicial knowledge who is right and who is wrong in the dispute, and thoBe whom he declares to be in the wrong are bound by the law of God, revelation of Christ, to correct themselves and conform their belief in revelation according to the decision of the Chief Doctor of the Church. Also, in a case of morals, as, for instance, marriage, which concerns the whole Church credent as well as doccns, a judgmen of the Pope is given with an infallible authority, and binds the whole body to observance. For the Church was instituted to teach a fallen world, 1st—the true faith ; 2nd—Christian morals. These constitute the domain of infallibility. Infallibility concerns itself with nothing outside this domain. The Church was not sent to teach human science, or the fine arts, or political systems. She can tell with an infallible certainty of knowledge when any of these trench on her domain of faith or morals; but the Church assumes no jurisdiction over the rules of art, or science, or forms of secular government. She cannot hold her peace if these encroach on her province of teaching the whole counsel of God or Christian faith, and inculcating Christian morals. But the Church has never interfered in these except in selfdefence. It is quite true that those whom the Church rebukes or censures for violations of the Christian faith and morals may disregard her infallible voice, just as Adam and Eve disregarded the voice of God in eating of the tree which He commanded them not to eat. They disbelieved God's word, and took the devil's word; that is, they believed in the devil in preference to God. Was this God'8 fault f Neither is it the Church's fault if some of her members shoot Irish landlords. The Church infallibly taught them that they should not shoot landlords. Does it destroy the Church's infallible knowledge of revelation, and her infallible teaching of revelation, if some of her children shoot landlords in Ireland ? No, no more than the iniquity of Judas Iscariot destroyed the infallibility of Christ. The Scriptures warn us that even the just man may fall into sin seven times a day. The scriptures say that all offend in many things. Infallibility cannot, therefore, consist in stainless, rigid, unswerving sanctity ; it consists in absolute certainty of knowledge. And this knowledge is, by God's special care, inamissable ; it can never be lost. For the promise of Christ secured the Church's infallibility for ever—"I will send the Holy Ghost, the Paraclete, to guide you in all truth unto the end of the world." And now, if you choose to revile the Church for the evil lives of some of her children, you may as well set o and revile God for the rebellions of His people when He was Himself their king, their teacher, and their guide in the wilderness. HERE OTTE RECTOE PICKED UP NOTCOKS. I told you, my dear sir, that I would more specifically point out where you picked up your notions of infallibility. Beginning with Madame Jeannette Walker, you finished with the thirty-nine articles, agreed upon in A.D. 1562, by Queen Elizabeth, petticoat head of your brand new Church, just six years old. Take notice, Mr. Rector, that you have not the smallest legitimate particle of proof to back up any statement you or your Elizabethan Church may make against the infallibility of the Catholic Church. All you advance against it is your educational notion. All you can say is, " I was taught by a fallible old maid, and my fallible Church to believe that the alleged infallibility of the Catholic Church is a falsehood." So that, your belief is all the proof you have to bring forward against the fact and doctrine of that infallibility. Tou think it is false. Tou believe it is false. That is all you can say. But, then, suppose that this belief of yours is false, what then ? At best, you have only the testimony of vour fallible Church for thefalsity of it; but, then, remember that a fallible Church never knows with absolute certainty whether it is right, or wrong. A fallible Church is sure of nothing, or only with brazen front and clamorous stolidity proclaiming that infallibility out of heaven is only a fool's dream. Fallibility of this kind, my dear rector, is yfche Church; giving the lie to the decrees of all General Councils ; setting all misbelief England. There are "39" of these propositions, all more or less reeking with the fumes of the Lutheran-Calvinistieal drunkenness then raging. Of these 39 propositions, or Articles, the three following lay down the Elizabethan notions about fallibility and infallibility; and then, my dear rector, you picked up yours. Only fancy any compos mentis Christian "subscribing" the three following "Articles" as a passport to a Protestant pulpit and an Anglican rectory, once the property of God's Church, pillaged from her at the " Reformation." The ecclesiastical colour of these 3 Articles tells of their birthplace, and must have been acquired as they came up the chimney by which the smoke of all false doctrine ascends to earth from the bottomless pit. The blackest of the three poetic black crows would, no doubt, be of a dove-like hue compared with such " Articles" as these: ANGLICAN ARTICLE XIX. Of the Church. The Visible Church of Christ is a congre-t gation of faithful men, in the which the pure Word of God is preached, and the sacraments be duly ministered, according to Christ'B ordinance, in all things that are requisite to the same. As the Church of Jerusalem, Antioch, and Alexandria, have erred, so also the Church of Rome, hath erred, not only in t their manner of living and ceremonies, but also in matters of Faith.!!! ABTICLE XX. Of the Authority of the Church. The Church hath power to decree rites and ceremonies, and hath authority in controversies of faith. And yet it is not lawful for the Church to ordain anything that is contrary to God's Word written: neither may it so expound one place of Scripture so that it be repugnant to another. Wherefore, although the Church is a witness and keeper of Holy Writ, yet it ought not to decree anything againBt the same: so, besides the same, ought it not to enforce anything to be believed of necessity to salvation.!!! AETICLE XXI. Of the Authority of General Councils. General Councils may not be called together without the commandment and will of Princes. (!!!) And when they be gathered together, forasmuch as they be an assembly of men whereof all be not governed by the Spirit and Word of God, they may err, and sometimes have erred, even in things pertaining to God. Wherefore things ordained by them as necessary to salvation have neither strength nor authority unless it be declared that they be taken out of Holy Scripture. !!! If these 3 Articles do not deserve to be called Queen Elizabeth's Three Black Crows, I shall be glad if any esteemed reader will tell me why. 1st March, 1881. on a par with divine faltib.; sad exalting every fcontradictioa to a level with consistent unanimity of the apostolia creed. Doing this, fallibility stultifies not only the declarations of the New Testament, l>ut reduces the last words of Christ to His dikttples.to an bsurdity. Where did you jMi upjmeh notions of fallibility and o! uiialUbmiy f principally from those exceedingly fallible roportions published byQueenEfoafoth, .». 1562, as haf manual of the new rotestant creed, then first formulated in 