THE INEBEIATED GEESE AND THEIIt SAD rATE. When geese take to drink, the result is preposterous, for nature never meant geese to get intoxicated. In the first place, they have no hands to hold on to lamp-posts, with: while at the best of times their balance is precarious. Even when sober a fat goose, if travelling on uneven ground, consiantly cants forward on to its beak, or backwards on to its tail ; but when inebriated it is utterly helpless. A short while ago a fanner's wife in Ger many had been making some cherry brandy ; but as she found during the process that the fruit was unsound, ehe threw the whole mass out into the yard, and, without looking to see what followed, phut the window. As it fell out, a party of geese, good fellows all of them, happened to be waddling by at the time, and, seeing the cherries trundling about, at once investigated .horn. The nreliminarv innuirr nrnviiKr caticfin^Kir 4i.npnH,;» guided poultry set to and ate the whole lot. ' No heeltaps ' was the order of the carouse, and so they finished all the cherries off at one Bitting, so to speak. The effect of the spirituous fruit wa6 soon apparent, for on trying to make the gate which led from the scene of the debauch to the horsepond, they found everything against them. Whether a high wind had got up or1 what had happened, they could not tell, but it seemed to the geese as if there was an uncommonly high sea running, and the ground set in towards 1hdm witi a steady stiong svrell that was most embarrassing to progress. To escape these difficulties some lashed their rudders and hove to. others tried to run before the wind, while the rest tacked for the . pigstye. But there was no living in such weather, and one by one the craft lurched over, and went down all standing. Meanwhile the dame, the unconscious cause of this disaster, was attracted by the noise in the fowl-yard, and looking out 6aw all her 10 geese behaving as if they were mad. The gander himself,' usually to solemn and decorous, was balancing himself on his beak, and spinning round the while, in a prodigious flurry of feathers and dust, while the old grey goose, remarkable even among her kind for the circumspection of her conduct, was! lyiisg stomach upwards in the gutter, feebly gesticulating with her legs. Others of the party wcie no less conspicuous for the extravagance of their attitudes and gestures, while the remainder were to be seen lying in a helpless conf usioa of feathers in the lee scupper ; that is to say, the gutter by the pigstye. Perplexed by the spectacle, the dame called in her neighbours, and after careful investigation it was decided in council that the birds had died of poison. Under these circumstances their carcases were worth nothing for food, but, as the neighbours 6aid, their feathers were not poisoned, and co thev set to work theu and there and plucked the 10 geese bare. Nol a feather did they leav« on the gander, not a tuft of do wn on the old gray roo?c, and, the job com pleted, they left the dame with her bag full of plumage and her 10 plucked geese, not without assuring her, we may be certain, of th ir sympathy with her in her loss. Next morning the good woman got up us ueual, and, remembering the feathers dov n stairs, dressed betimes, for it was market day, and she hoped ;o get them off her hands at once. And then she bethought her - f the 10 plucked bodies lying in the porch, and resolved that they should be buried before she went out. But as she approached the door, on these decent rights intent, and was turning the key, there fell on her ears the sound of a familiar voice, add then another and another, until at last the astonished dame heard in full chorus the well-known accents of all her plucked and poisoned geese. The throat of the old gander was, no doubt, a trifle husky, and the gray goose spoke in muffled tones suggestive of a chastening headache; but -there was ^;i no mistaking those tongues, and the dame, fumbling at the door, wondered what it all might mean. Has - - '? a goose a ghost ! Did any one ever read or hear of the spectre of a gander ? The key -turned at last ; the door opened, and there, quacking in subdued tones, suppliant and nivering, ttood aU her flock! Not a ghost was there amoncr them, for all these were plump and hearty fowls ; but, alas. among them all there was not enough feather to have winged one anew. There they stood, the 10 miserable birds, with splitting icadaches and parched tongues, contrite and dejected, asking to have then: feathers back again. 