MR. SPOOPEHDYKE'S SPOUSE. She Disagrees with Him as to the Ladies He Shall Call Upon. «Now, my dear,' said Mr. Spoopendyke, let me see the list of ladies you want me to call on. I really don't care to go around much, but a man ought to do what his wife wants him to do on New Year's Day. Where's the list ?' 'Here it is,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, flut tering around with her hair in her mouth. I wrote them all out with the addresses for you, so you wouldn't have any trouble.' What makes you put old Sister Lamb at the head of the list?' growled Mr. Spoopen dyke. ' She's got a wart on her chin the size of a firebell, and she can't talk anything but the advantages of egg over stove coal for heating the Sunday school.' But she belongs to the church, and I don't believe anyone else will call on her,' reasoned Mrs. Spoopendyke. She'll be tickled to death to see you.' « What do you think I'm starting out for ?' demanded Mr. Spoopendyke, fiercely. 1 Got an idea I'm going around like a missionary, to carry the Gospel to people everybody else is afraid of? Who's this? V, nat s this second name here ? Who's M 1-3. S-h-k- l-y-m-b-r-e-t-o-v ?' ' That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised "nor ; you would call. Never mind Mrs. Lamb, bat ; you ought to call on Mrs. YvVivarton.' What for ? What has she got iu common with me, except that her bones are hollow ? She don't know the difference between a Guinea pig and the burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if I don't think Sodom and Gomorrah were parables. Is that the kind of list you've made out ? Want me to run around among the old monuments. Who's Mrs. Swash V That's Mrs. Smith, the little widow. You know she's interested in sending women out West to get husbands. She'll amuse you.' She will if she sees me. She'll make me laugh like a hyena if she gets one eye on me. Who's that yellow-headed girl that sits two pews in front of us ? I'd call on her, now.3 ' She's a little chit of a thing. You don't want to run after those young people— a man of vour age !' ' What's the reason I don't ?' howled Mr. Spoopendyke. Got an idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven't you ? Think I'm a sort of Plymouth Rock, don't you? Got any more old landmarks that need m- Bpectioru j remonstrated Mrs. Spoopen dyke, indignantly ; 'they're nice people, and I like to cultivate them. They may be along in life, but they can't help it.' ' Cultivate 'em, if you want to, growled Mr. Spoopendyke ; ' but if yon think I'm going hoeing around among them on the 1st 01 Januarv, you're left. What d'ye want to cul tivate 'em for ? With your friends and meas, you only need weekly prayers and an aiarm 01 fire to be an old woman's home. Who else have you got here? Mrs. Siiggouspratt, Mrs. Woptenslough, Miss K-i-m-p-z-f « You don't read them right at all, com plained Mrs. Spoopendyke. That s Mrs. bil- yerspoon. and Mrs. Worthington, and Miss Hemmingway. They are just as nice as they Are they the three old worthies who howl jn the choir?' asked Mr. Spoopendyke -sternly. They've got a grandson old enough to be my father.® . , . They haven't,' sobbed Mrs. Spoonpendyke. You know better.' Well, most of ®m have. What d'ye want me to cajl on them for ? Got any more old almanacs expecting me ? Where's the Sphinx? You haven't got the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of Babel. Who're these other pyramids ? Who's Mrs. Upsidedown ?' That Mrs. Edgerton. She sent you the ielly when you were sick, and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You'll have to call on her for politeness,' said Mrs. SP.I vron't fitter; "urn ted Mr. Spoopendyke. The ieUv was soar, and she made me my a a ii..«o®ardB a plaster of -paris angel for a Wettusl other nurse of George Washington's ? Here, this is a mistake — I went to old Miss Schums- lock's funeral thirty years ago.' You didn't ! You never did !' proclaimed Airs. Spoopendyke, thoroughly aroused. That isn't her name, either. It's Miss Schofield, and she is the best friend I've get. I only want ' 1 know what you want,' hissed Mr. Spoopendyke. You want a few more ac quaintances and a map, to be a guide book to ancient Troy. Think I'm going to call on that old monolith ?. Got anything here that belongs to modern times ? Enow anybody who has been dug up within six or eight cen turies ? Who's that black-eyed girl in the Bible class ? Don't she hang out a flag to day?' I wouldn't look at lier,' sniffed Mrs. Spoopendyke. I wouldn't have you go there for worlds. Besides, she don't receive.' 'What's this?' demanded Mr. Spoopen dyke. What's Mrs. W-i- m-p-q-s t-v-x-q got to do with it ? What cemetery will I find ber in ?' That's Mrs. Willoughby,' explained Mrs. Spoopendyke, complacently. She's the young widow who recently joined the church.' ' 1 don't mind calling on her,' said Mr. Spoopendyke. She wasn't born more'n 4,000 years before the Christian era. Got any more like her ? Does this measly list contain anybody else who wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire ? Think of any more gravestones that haven't had the epitaphs worn off ?' i J TIT O luXbi OpUUlciiUjiiC vUiulj') ' and, now I remember, Mrs. Willoughby re ceives calls with friends in Buffalo. ' Dod gasi your dod gasted list !' howled Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing on the unhappy document. What d'ye think I am — a ghoul? S 'pose I'm going to prance around among all the measly old ghosts in Brooklyn ? S'pose I'm going to swash around, and eatr cake and drink lemonade with a lot of illustrations of the Silurian period ? Think I'm going to spend the day with a lot of ar ticulate old skeletons just because they belong to the same church that I do ? And Mr. Snoonendvke uouned out of the house like a bung. — Brooklyn Eagle. 