THE Legislative Council has delivered its fiat upon the Reform Bill amended by the Legislative Assembly, and it has certainly not wasted much time in coming to a decision upon the subject. The Council has disagreed with all the amendments, of any consequence, made by the Assembly ; and its message, to this effect, is to be considered by the Lower House next Tuesday. Plural voting is to remain in the bill; the £10 and £25 franchise is also to remain in the bill; the qualification of members is not to be altered from £150; and two members of every Ministry are still to have seats in the Upper House—although there are indications that if a varying of the latter provision will assist the passage of the measure, as the Council desires it to stand, this point will be surrendered. The bill, therefore, goes back to the Lower House with no essential alteration in the Council's original terms, and with the unanimous decree of the Council that it must be passed In this condition or altogether rejected. Such is the result of lastThursday evening's debate in the Legislative Council; and the outcome was heralded . by a long speech from Sir CHARLES SLADEN, to make the action, of theCouncil clear, explicit, and convincing. Now, there can be little difference of opinion as to the course which the Council has pursued. That course is one that will excite the strongest possible feeling of disgust all through the community, and , it is deserving of lio other reception. The Ministry risked a great deal when it departed from the ratepayers' roll for the £10 franchise. It risked the loss of a number of its supporters in the Assembly, and exitself to the charge of, taking up a position against the wish of the community as expressed at the last, general election. But it encountered all these dangers rather than continue a controversy which has &cited; a great deal of class ill-will, and which is standing most seriously in the way of useful legislation; and the fact of the Government taking this course should have induced the Council to treat the-Mimistry with -the most friendly consideration oyer the amendments. . The - more ' especially should the Council have done this, as, having consented to a £10 franchise in the case of freeholders, it was not asking much from the Council to "set aside thefeddituraal £15 inthecaseofx>ccupiers or tenants; and.the circumstance that the Assembly was jpnanimoua that this difference should be struck, out ahoold have induced -the Council to agree ^thi die. . sweeping of ihs ^stii&ictvm;: But the j^Qknmcil has ( prejudicevaind wonted ^.tiie creditable bring tin "dispute to an.i amicable acid just T^HnT""; -*" 1 jiWWt^jnpn^ honest ewiat&r-if; the bdt^^ does B0ft«om» to «oet3tat the Ctevernment treated by each oon- 1, leawrt it an fhe part to. concede which will us, called ocit exposes the difficulties, which the circumstances, should rather have tried to reto the £150 qualification for members, in place of £100,. and. even the frnitiniiMiwi nf - plural votipg, might have been overiooked, had ibe £10 all round franchise been yielded. On the give-and-take principle, a decision of this kind would have been entitled to considerate treatment on the part , of the -Government and' the Assembly. Bat to insstupoa the fufl'pound of flesh, to declare against a unanimous .Assembly, and to fly direct in tiw teeth of the electors, .is to take up! an attitude of die most reprehensible kind, and to treat the Government veiy badly also. There is no defence to be made forsuch action as this; and the curt manner, in which it was made manifest only'adds to the objectionable nature of the proceeding. It is impossible that the action of the - Council can be defended by any decent, logical, or reasonable process; and the very lame speech which Sir CHARLES SLADEN made, when leading die Council into the position it has taken up, establishes this assertion most completely. Political matters are reduced to such a chaotic condition by what the Council has done, that it is really quite impossible to say what will be the result. But we trust the Government will deal with the imbroglio in a thoroughly calm and statesmanlike spirit; and we are quite sure that if itdoes this, it will have the country strongly with it in-the course it pursues; and it will certainly merit no other treatment. The Council-lias really actedin a .most discourteous and. arbitrary way" "With the Assembly's amendments;'mid' no valid defence can be made m tech intolerant conduct The to dictate to' the people and thia Assembly what sort of reform sfraU. be passed; and this is such a reversal of the fitness of things, that, nothing but astonishment can be by such a proceeding. Difficulties of no small kind will' assuredly be the result of the crisis which it has caused, and the Council must bear all the blame of their existence. A REHABKABLE trial for fraud id the London Criminal Court has recently attracted very much attention in the old country. It was one of very great length, and the publication of the proceedings in the leading papers day by , day made it the "sensation" of the time. The close of the trial is given in the journals of 13th April, and most of them, the Times included, have leading articles on it. All of them, without , exception, stigmatise the case as one of the most nauseous exposures of mingled folly and fraud that, ever occurred in a court of justice. It is l f needless to add that it was a case in which the delusion of spiritism was the main factor. The facts, briefly stated, were these:—A lady of high position and considerable wealthj a Mrs HAHT- DAVIS, was drawn, by means of spiritism, into close acquaintanceship with a Mr FLETCHER and his wife, travelling " mediums" and magnetisers, and both from America. The FLET- CHERS met the lady at a little'party, or a spiritualistic seance. She appears to have confided to Mr FLETCHER the feet that she was devotedly attached to the memory of her dead mother; that her parent's spirit had appeared to her Since death; and that she — Mrs HART- . DAVIS—was not living at all a happy life. These being the materials at their disposal, Mr FLETCHER and his wife at once saw their opportunity, and took it. Of course they undertook to bring the spirit of the dead mother on the scene, and to convey messages from her to their dupe. With this kind of necromantic trickery everybody who knows anything of such matters will be quite familiar. At one of the seances the man FLETCHER went off into what seemed a trance, and taking hold of Mrs HART- DAVIS' hand, poured out a long rigmarole of what the papers, term "blasphemous nonse&se;," purporting to be a message from that lady's mother " in the spiritland." Strangely enough, in this very first message the departed mother most earnestly and affectionately recommended her daughter to cultivate the cheerful company of her dear friends, the FLETCHERS. Naturally, believing devoutly in the reality of the apparition of her mother, the daughter became even too intimately attached to the "mediums," and also to a third " medium," a Mr MOBTON, who assisted at the seances. The behavior of the group on these occasions was, as stated by themselves, of a kind that far passed the limits of propriety, and even of decency. It was conduct, the revelation of which, says the Times, is sufficient to disgust all decent persons with the very name of "medium," and with everything associated with spiritism. It adds:—" A foolish, fond, hysterical woman comes into court, and tells the tale of her own degradation, of her falling under the disgusting spell of vulgar intimacies and unbridled, if not criminal, passions." From this single statement the nature of the proceedings at the private meetings may be guessed. After a while the imposture began to assume a more definite character. Mrs HART- DAVIS, had inherited a fine collection of jewels and -diamonds and costly laces from her deceased mother, and it was the object of the FLETCHERS to get these into their possession by hook or by crook. The befooled lady had exhibited her treasures as proofs of th(j deep love her mother had borne towards her. From that moment the fictitious ghost of Mrs HEUBTLEY discovered that these jewels were possessed of some peculiar quality which was injurious toner daughter's health. A message . from " Mamma"—forwarded, as usual, by Mr FLETCHER —explained to Mrs HART-DAVIS ..that, if die wore the jewels niuch longer, there was such an amount of " plague tism" In them that she " might be taken into the spirit world before her .time." -The revered shade : further went on to recommend that the costly gems should i>e handed over to. the F l , ™ , Hot quite Willie taknn into the spirit, wprid prematurely; Mrs HART-DAVIS obeyed the mandate, >j Hi liT JT-e.^a.. -theugetjggs, I ^op^s into Mr " Bp-l^fe "nwdi^i" at oncsiflrant offinto hie etrntomdry (apace, and {Idirered alpug message from the deputed her daught adding FLETCHER by wearing same way, robbed of clothes, mate a will, her property at death to the FLETCHERS, she .went to France, 'then. letangeito F-nglnvid, and took upjier .ahoclslwjth her spiiitjst, iriends. .,-rShe even accompaiiied them-to Amerftau When there, and even on the voyage, theygrew cooltowards their benefactor, treated her scurvily, and at last drove her off in disgust Their obvious purpose was to get nd of her altogether, and to enjoy alone the fruits of their grand swindle. But the eyes of Mrs HART-DAVIS were now opened. She found herself alone, unfriended, in a strange country, and robbed of nearly all she possessed. She, placed herself in the hands of the English detectives on her return to her own country, and after an infinite deal of trouble and anxiety, succeeded in regaining a portion of her property, aiid in bringing the FLETCHERS to trial for their frauds. The woman alone was found guilty, and was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, with hard labor. So ended this remarkable, but still veiry common case, of blended credulity and cunning, superstition and roguery. Hie comments mbde bn ; it by the paUy Telegraph conclude with these remarks: —" This case shows pretty plainly tiie danger of : dfcaKng with professional spiritualists. Mr FLETCHER seems (to have been gifted with all those peculiar powers which make a person whatjis called a good ' medium.' His 'trancee,' however, were gross, and ought to hare seemed, to any one of the least perception, palpable shams. Here 'arte tpo many of these infamous impostors about, and.it is to be hoped that tllis trial will open the eyes of their dapte. Unfortunately the female conspiratjor alone' ims: been pmriBhEd, "while- the worst offender, FLETCHER himself, remains at large. - Probably he and Mr MORTON are enjoying themselves somewhere .in America, but at present tte fact remains that Justice has only befen half-satisfied by tile-verdict which tbe jury yesterday pronounced." Comment, beyond . this, would be superfluous. Such scoundrel ism wants putting down, but something more than twelve months' imprisonment is necessary for the purpose. Yesterday was the last day for the receipt of rates by the various municipalities, by the payment -of which ratepayers would become entitled in a place on the municipal electoral roll. From Monday up to eight o'clock last evening, the amount received at the City rate collector's office was £1140, which was Blightly above the sum received for the same period last year. At the Balluat East office over £950 was received daring the last four days. We are glad to state that Mr Sab-inspector Babington was slightly improved last evening, and that he was progressing favorably towards a recovery. The Princes Albert Victor and George o! Wales, now coming ronnd from Westera Australia by the mail steamer Cathay, in company, with their tutor, the Rev. J. W. Dalton, will remain (says the Argue) for a few days in Adelaide. A telegram received by the Governor of South Australia from the Bev. J. W. Dalton expresses a wish that there shonld be no public reception or ceremonial until after the arrival of the Princes at Government Hoose. It is ancerfcain yet when tbe Royal midshipmen will reach ftfelboume. It is by no means unusual—indeed it is of almost daily occurrence—for local sharebrokers at the Corner to receive orders from all parts of the Australian colonies to buy or sell mining stocks in the Ballarat, Kingston, and other .mines; but yesterday a commission was received by telegram from Kuglaud, byone of our leading brokers, to buy 100 shares in the Band and Albion Consols. A few minutes afterwards the order was executed, and within a quarter of an hoar of the receipt of the telegram, a reply was on the road back from the broker to his client—wbo, by the way, was once resident in Ballarat—announcing that the purchase had been effected. The Ballarat Court of Mines for June was opened yesterday morning, before Judge Hackett, but, there being no business therein, was adjourned sme die. It will be within the recollection of our readers that Mr and Mrs Davies, of Bnninyong, with their family became seriously ill a. few days since after breakfast, the cause being attributable to having partaken of milt: from a diseased cow, which was -mixed with other wholesome milk. A couple of samples were, therefore, forwarded to Mr W. Johnson, Government analyst, and the following is his report on the subject;—"One of the samples of milk contains blood, evidently tbe result of some sort of disease. There does, not appear to be any mineral poison present, and I am, therefore, led to infer that the poisonons substance present is of purely animal origin, and not susceptible of detection by any chemical means that can be employed." Messrs Bediervaiee and Bosenblnm waited on the Town Council last night as a deputation from tbe Gymnastic Club to obtain the council's sanction to use the Eastern marketsheds as an assembly and practice room. The mayor, in his report, stated he had received a similar application, which he had granted, subject to concessions and terms to be fixed by the council. The action o ; the mayor was confirmed, and the works committee was empowered to draw np the terms. The order of tJie day to consider and order on a letter from tbe club asking for the use of the sheds was, however, postponed. It is not often that a vehicle becomes bogged in the centre of the city, but such an occurrence took place yesterday afternoon, when a well-loaded waggon sunk to the axles in Sturt street, near the Burke and Wills monument. earth thrown over the culvert.bong constructed across the- road there had pot properly settled, and the consequence was that the wheels of the vehicle were soon half out of sight. The waggon, however, was soon unloaded, and drawn on to more solid ground. ' At the meeting. of the Town Council last night, the mayor submitted the following comparative statement showing the steady increase of rates, and consequently of ratable property in - Ballarat East. For the year ending 10th June, 1878, £3894 7s lid; 10th June, 1879, £4108 12s; 10th Jane, 1880/ £4214 14s 7d; 10th June, 1881, £1311. In addition to this-a farther sum of £50 was expected before, thc-office closed .that night. " A laborer named James Walton was arrested yesterday' and lodged in the. Town lock-up, on a' charge of steal ng a pair of trousers from Jamea Johnston. He will be dealt with to-day. The Town Council is in some difficulty at present with regard to its site for pnblic baths in Ballarat East. The piece of grpund is a reserve, but not for the purpose of placing baths upon, and tbe Minister of x&ndjs; at" present refuses to allow of any transfer. - CouncQlor Williams thought it a. shame for tbe Minister of Lands, because-he had got into a bfail in the Ajsen&ly; overtiu? Creswick reserve, t^ bringall matters in connection with reserves to a standstill. Ibe tnayor etated that lie had had the promise of tiie Ministerof lands that the land would .bepsrmanently reserVed aa aBite for baths. 3$ppetion was taken, and after » short diflenssion tbe subject was allowed to drop. . A correspondent writes:—"An old mam living in Brrard street «mth, oaawd Daviee f rajtfWwrtU'\J$> :?SjM6t ertiecjt IpF fc^jSfeS^^i^^^ ticket for a more urgent case.*' Of ^Uychildim iii this district who have obtained then-certificates of being cated uptd tiie standard, one oftiie ^xamin&tian; of School, No.—9271t a few days nnce^ euc- ; H : glaaf'column, showing one of the processes by which plated sheet glass is in Sd^jrier, Stift^rtrr^ Jt^S^mifis 7 faetjuglv having -a- dianmtar-of • 18 - inrhen, and is quite a A large sheet of glass 10 feet long by 24 inches wide, for window purposes, will also be on view, together with a number of other sorts and sizes. The glass was sent out to the Melbourne Exhibition ly a German firm, and has since been purchased byllrStansfidd. A very'snccBBB^l conoert of sacred music was jpyea last mgVinSfc Jobn'a ISrubyteoan Church, in aidfitibeeduol fond. The Bev. J. W, Inglia occupied ike chair.. Mias K. Daviee proved at jthe wgw, and Mr Biddle conducted. The performers were a choir selected from the Sunday school children, assisted by rmembera of the choir.' There were from 40iTto'509 persons present, and the concert was thorongply - enjoyed. The following was the programme:—Chorus, " The lAimng way," •children.; solo, "He 'was despised," MQBS^B. Davies; solo, "Absalom," Mr B. Dunn; cfceras, "Dare to do right," children; solo, "_He wipes the tear, Miss R -Scotti -solo, " How . willing my paternal love," Mr A^ £. Carnegie; chorus, "Sweet Sabbath chimes," children; solo, "In native worth," Mr P. Jones; chorus, "Beautiful land of rest," children; solo, Eveiy" day and hour," Miss B. Laverick; solo, "Consider the lilies," Mr M'Donald; choras, "Onward, still opward," children; trio, "Disdainful of dagger," Messrs Jones, Carnegie, and Biddle; solo, "Oh, rest in the lord," Miss B. Daviis; choras, "Baise your banners," children. It is only jastice to Btstfe that the solos were given with such good taste as to meet with the approval of the audience, Messrs Jonea, Carnegie, and Biddle securing an encore in the' trio "Disdainful of danger." He choruses were also well rendered, the pitch bong sustained and the pieces given with spirit. At .tiie close Jtfessrs Sneddon a«d Jamieson moved la vote of thanks to the . Ti.li aaj - singers, which was" carried unanimously. Mr RoBsell, J.P., attended at the Town Police Court yesterday morning, and dis charged two drunkards. '' W-e have been shown by Mr Birtchnell. of the Bible and Book Depot, a collection d -cards, which are beautiful specimens, of the rapid progress in art and the perfection -to which this class of "goods is being, brought. Messrs Prang, and Co, the celebrated art publishers, of Boston, are striking out, in time, with a grand display for the forthcoming Christmas; and Soar of their cards, which took the prizes of 1000, 500, 300, and 200 dollars respectively, are amongst the let. Novelties in the. way of gelatine, parchment, silk, and transparent birthday and wedding cards surpass anything which has been before exhibited, and the display will certainly prove very attractive to tie public. Particulars are given in oar advertising columns. The first .gathering of Ibis, the. fourth season, was held in the old schoolroom, <3oghiIl's Creek, on Thursday evening. Con? sidering the uncertain weather, and the muddy roads, the attendance" was encouraging. Tiie readings given by the Rev. F. Souter were as follows:—" Patie the packman," "The power of beauty," "The laird's wooing," "Wee Willie, the coal-gatherer," "John Brown, of Priesthill," "The heroes of the Victoria Cross," and " The miller's dog." During the evening two solos on the organ—"March from Norma," and "Salopia,"—were rendered with great taste and skill by Mrs Chapman, who also, along -with Mr Chapman and Master Crother, sang the trio in Sankey's selection, "Sowing the seed." A collection having been taken on behalf of the Clones Hospital, tiie meeting A presentation, consisting of a very handsome illuminated album and elegant silver biscuit-barrel and cruet-stand, was yesterday made by the pupils of Cambrian Hill State school to the late head teacher, Mr Archibald Millar, who has been appointed to a similar position at Murtoa. Mr Renkin, chairman of the board of advice, in a few appropriate remarks complimented Mr Millar on having won the esteem and respect of the pupils and residents of Cambrian Hill by his courteous and gentlemanly manner, and his high capabilities as a teacher, and wished bim on behalf of tiie children, all prosperity and saccess in the future. The Brown Hill Mutual Improvement Association met as usual last Tuesday evening, Mr James in the chair. A debate on "Should drunkenness be treated as a disease or crime," was opened by Mr Brown leading for disease, and the chairman for crime. The subject was well discussed by those present, and it was ultimately decided in favor of Mr Davjd Cooke sold by auction yesterday a property in Raglan street for the sum of £89, to Mr Korthey. The French war steamer Finist^re, which brought exhibits to Melbourne for tiie International Exhibition, and which has had a stay of something like ten months in these waters, leaves to-day (says the Argus) for Sydney, en route to fiance. The last of .tbe packages went on board on Thursday. During their stay here Captain Augey Dufresse and his officers appear to have gained the goodwill of the Sandridge watermen, as an appropriate address from them was presented to Captain Dufresse on Thursday. The ship Bulwark {says the Telegraph) still lies on her side at tbe Sandridge Bend. During Thursday the sea, which had been running very high, calmed down, and the cargo ceased to wash out of her. The beach, as far as the Emerald "Hill baths, is strewn with timber, some of the pieces being 90 feet long. Should the weather continue fine, most of the cargo can be saved, as the vessel is" quite stationary, and fixed in the sand. Tenders will be called at once for. raising her. -- - • One incident (says the Argus) on Thursday pat the Assembly in good humor. On the House going temporarily into committee, Mr Gaunson was found to be absent. Mr Berry moved that Mr Mirams take the chair, and the motion was carried by acclamation, which was renewed when the! member for Colli ngwood'todk the chair, and when he left it, which hp did instantly afterwards, Mr Mirams bowed his acknowledgments. The attendance on Thursday at the Children's Hospital Bazaar (says the Age) was quite equal to the preceding day's, and the amount realised is now about £2090. The bands , of flie Cerberus and H.M.S. Inconstant performed during Thursday afternoon and evening. \- No tidings (says the Argus) have been received of tbe girl who was .missed from her home at Echnca on Tuesday alight. iThe banks of the Murray' and Campaspe have been searched for miles, but no clue obtained. . . . The desertions (says the Age) from the men-of-war at'present anchored in Hobson's Bay appear to be ve.-y numerous, there being no less than sixty men reported to hare absconded from duty; and £3 is offered for tiie arrest of each. The police appear to experience some difficulty in arresting them, as the descriptions furnished are very meagre. The Postmaster- General (sayB the Argus) has decided that the reduced registration fees for letters shall come into operation on and after, the 1st proximo, the scheme having been approved of by ^he Governor in Council. The fee is to be redaced from fid to 4d. By the new. arrangements, any postmaster wiU have power to register any letter which he has reason -to .suspect contains money-or valuables, and ibe person to whom it is addressed will" have-to pay double registration fc^ viz., 83. "Che messenger will see the letter opened, and if he is satisfied that no valuables were enclosed In it the fee will J>e remitted. In all cases, however, the fee imigt be paid before the letter is surrendered or opened. It is expected that this ajrapgement will greatly reduce the possi- •bility of «ny loss or disappearance of valuables daring their transmission through the smfl that it will encourage:the formal "Of'tte taatjon.of leabto'J^felfeey;*^-^*-^ introduction -of aaieintrediictioii y j^imanon epvi bfeeb very successfallyTiBed "in Great Britain, facili- . fate-the,tnmsagtaon ot iHisinesw intnis parthe pratal d^par^ht ^17-idiineae in. the .SJnited af7&I2;?jare intWifprnia. ' , a dregs' 1 «3UM given by which children witnessing rening'i enter' apectacnlar and Of "Msmppa,"- ider tbe direction i?i| MtpgB manager. This !mwelty here, as both fbge •» to be brought :tio^rfi>aA »ught therefore to be .tteads^Satarard the enterprise of _ „ 1 tiie proprieties/. Miss Clara Stephewon^ of whom the press of Melbourne and Sydney _ speak in_the highest terms of praise as s most versatile actress, will assume the . the drama of V Tbe, Little Dectectrve, , in whiHi she lww five .characters, introdacing Jongs,- at^k dwicpa. -Stim Stephenson ran this piece in Melboaifeejrecentty for tHree Wee£s, a fact : wbich speaks well for her success in it. New-scenery and effects have been prepared for the properillnftrstion of tiie drama, which is sensational in character,, white,vt the same time there is a goodly spice of humor interspersed throughout it, and opportunity is afibrded for the introductionor• aranber of songs feaAdances. Considerable interest* has been excited in Misa: Stephenson's appearance, uidT there is likely to be a coomlerable change in the appearance of the attendance at the Academy this evening. According to announcement, the Bev. T. A damson will preach the funeral sermon on the late Mr SSas Hodgers, in the Barkly. Street Wealeyan Church; on Sunday evening next. As'Mr Hodgers was one of. the oldest local preachers of the Wesleyan' body, and for many years greatly esteemed in Ballarat and the surromiding district, there is Iik&ly.; to be a large attendance. > The anniversary 'services of the'- Bible Christian Church, Cambrian BUI, will be held to-morrow, When tbe Bev. Mr Nethsrway will preach in the afternoon, and Mr Dimsey in the evening. A tea meeting will follow bu Monday. The monthly meeting of tiie 'Besidence Area Holders' Association will be held this evening at eight o'clock, at tiie Bdc&*8 Head hotel. A meeting of tiie Benybank' Coursing dab will be held this afternoon, at one o'clock, at FarrelTa hotel, Scarsdale. 