LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [BY A LADY.] .London, October 7. Suitors for the hand of Her Majesty's unmarried daughter, the Princess Bea- trice, have not been wanting, and re- ports from time to time have named certain foreign dukes, heirs apparent and English noblemen, each in turn, as likely to become the happy possessor of Her Royal Highness's hand and heart. The Duke of Genoa is the last-named aspirant, and rumor says the Queen favors the match. According to a French journal the Italian ambassador has left London for Rome bear- ing a letter from Her Majesty to King Humbert, which is said to contain matter relative to the proposed alliance. It is truly said one must go from home to hear news, which experience proves to be not invariably authentic. Possibly therefore our friends across the channel have drawn on their imagination for the foregoing infor- mation. "I cannot tell how the truth may be— I tell the tale as 'twas told to me." To a thoughtful mind I think there is something paralyzing in the reflection that the consequences of our deeds and even words may be so far-reaching in their re- sults as to extend far beyond the bounds of reasonable imagination. When the Coun- tess of Bective set on foot that scheme of conservatism in relation to dress which is intended to benefit British woollen manu- facturers and their operatives, the fair philanthropist did not reckon, I suppose, on her views being propagated in St. Petersburg, and there leading to the for- mation of a society pledging its members, under severe penalties for any contravention of the rules of the club, to wear only such fabrics as are of Russian make and made up by native work-people. It was well said— " There is some soul of goodness in things evil, Would men observingly distil it out." And though the reigning taste has of late expressed itself in the choice of fabrics of foreign manufacture, thereby occasioning distress among a class of native operatives, it is certain that the exclusion of all materials other than those made in this land would bring about results not alto- gether satisfactory; and apart from the restrictions imposed upon commerce by any such regulation, our present scope for dressing elegantly and well would be subject to considerable and undesirable limitation. Bradford woollen goods may be very suitable for winter morning wear. The material is eminently satisfactory in point of durability, and excellent in many respects. But once forbid us to wear the lovely silks manufactured in Lyons and elsewhere, and include in the restric- tion other tasteful fabrics which are imported here—carry insistence further still, and decree that we shall wear woollen, and woollen only, going so far as to legislate that poor mortality's winding-sheet shall be made out of the fleece of the sheep, and we shall have stronger intimations of rebel- lion and disgust than those expressed in the following couplet, to be found in Pope's "Moral Essays"-— "Odious in woollen, 'twould a saint provoke, "Were the last words that poor Narcissa spoke." Alpaca, as I said, I believe, in a former letter, is too thin a substance to be adopted during the extreme rigor of an English winter, but my readers abroad may be sure that alpaca is the material par excellence for wear, and most fashionable just now. White alpaca trimmed with fine gold or silver braid is in excellent taste, and when further trimmed with white watered silk looks very elegant. Black alpaca makes a more useful costume, but is charming when com- bined with watered silk of the same raven hue and flat gold braid. It has been justly observed that the man who defers his charity till he is on his deathbed is free with another's inheritance rather than liberal with his own. The majority keep their possessions up to the very last hour of existence, and, if at all, mostly recognise the claims of the suffering and indigent simultaneously with the con- sciousness that riches cannot be car- ried across the borderland that separates life from death. Then, per- haps, the tardy bequest is made, and a character for philanthropy cheaply pur- chased, though posthumous charity, unless preceded by former acts of benevolence, seems hardly to deserve the name. Happily, and for the credit of humanity, there have been some remarkable exceptions to the rule of post- mortem benefactions, and some of our contemporaries furnish striking ex- amples of men who, while yet in the prime of their days and in the enjoyment of per- fect healthj have given munificent sums for the furtherance of schemes of charity, or for the promotion of projects intended for the benefit of mankind. Professor Hollo- way, the fame of whose "pills and oint- ment" has secured for him a world-wide renown, is one of those whose alms is not to be characterised as post-mortem. At an enormous cost he has erected a magnificent lunatic asylum. "Maison de Sante" is, I believe, the accepted name for these pieces of refuge. "Madhouse" would have been the uncompromising term our plain speaking ancestors would have used, but advancing civilisation teaches us to avoid wounding the susceptibilities of any by such bald phraseology, however expressive it may otherwise be. The asylum is in- tended for middle-class folk, and I believe this project of Professor Holloway's is unique in the annals of charitable schemes. Statistics prove that aberration of mind is greatly on the increase, for we live in a ceaseless hurry—ever drive, driving on, till the worn-out machine breaks down mentally or bodily. It is not agreeable to face so sad a fact, but one cannot help admire those who have the courage to do so and the generosity to provide for the amelioration of the unhappy condition of the mentally afflicted, even when their cure cannot be effected. Professional men, including lite- rary toilers, artists, and others among the educated but not over-healthy classes, are, so it is said, in these days of keen competi- tion and severe mental strain, peculiarly liable to insanity. The cost of maintenance in private asylums is so enormous that for the majority it is not to be thought of, yet we of the middle ranks hesitate to place our afflicted friends in pauper asylums, not from any false pride, but because, as the term implies, a very large proportion of the unhappy inmates of these places are taken from lower stations in life, whose habits and intellects usually accord with the social status to which they belong, and constant association with these afflicted beings must inevitably at times jar on the sensitive and aggravate the sorrowful condition of the educated and naturally refined man or woman whose misfortune condemns him or her to such uncongenial companionship; for it is an error to suppose that an un- sound mind retains no memories of the past, nor is at all cognisant of present sur- roundings. On the contrary the halluci- ration is often confined to one special subject, and as the experience of my life includes much knowledge of the insane, I can say from my own observation that there are frequent cases to be met with where on some points the perception of the deranged seems to be benefited rather than clouded, excepting of course that one delu- sion which necessitates the incarceration of such. In lucid moments, however rare, to find themselves among people of their own rank in life, and to be able at such times to exchange sentiments with persons of some intelligence, must, I think, have a soothing and beneficial effect on the nervous system, and assist in restoring, or at least in pro- moting tbe recovery of lost balance of mind. So all honor to Professor Holloway, whose disinterested gift of £50,000 for the pur- pose referred to above wins for him a double right to the title long bestowed upon him—that of universal benefactor. I have to record another instance of benevolence, and this time it is of a woman I speak, who, though her scheme of charity is yet in abeyance, spares no effort to acquaint herself with all the technical knowledge necessary for the successful carrying out of her plans. These efforts include exhausting mental and bodily ex- ertion, for Madame Modjeska's histrionic talents are now exclusively strained and devoted not to acquire wealth for her own selfish gratification, but to furnish a suffi- cient fund for the erection of a hospital for the sick in her own land (Poland), whither the talented actress shortly re- turns. A few days back Madame, accom- panied by an eminent physician and his wife, who are friends of mine, paid visits of inspection to two of our great metropolitan hospitals for the purpose of acquainting herself thoroughly with their construction and the system of management under which they are governed, together with all other details likely to assist her in carrying out her benevolent intentions. Madame descended to the kitchens, and interviewed the cooks belonging to both establishments, the presiding genius of the culinary depart- ment being in one hospital a man, in the other a woman. It was generally allowed that the cleanliness and order apparent under the woman's rule was in excess of that displayed in the kitchen and surrounding offices where the chef de cuisine belonged to the sterner sex. Subsequently Madame Modjeska and the Count, her husband, lunched with my friends. My lady readers will wish to hear how Modjeska was dressed on this occasion. Her costume was decidedly singular, thick serge and white lace being in our eyes somewhat anomalous. Never- theless the features of Madame's dress presented that anomaly. The flounces, there being three, had fans of white lacelet in at spaced intervals all the way round, and the edge of each flounce was was also trimmed with lace. A nearer view and closer inspection of the Polish lady than any that is possible in a theatre and with all the illusions of the stage about her, shows Modjeska a woman past her prime. She has however, perfect manners—nature's own patent of nobility; her hair is still lovely and abundant; and her wonderful eyes light up the face that bears the impress of advancing years. Unquestionably Juliet is a part which, if Madame fears criticism, it is hazardous for her to play. I know she feels the incongruity of the character as por- trayed by herself, and confesses her dislike to represent that love-sick child, who after all is one of Shakespeare's most charming creations. I saw poor Adelaide Neilson act the part, for which she seemed to be made. The feverish passion, the abandonment of that glowing representation, it is impossible to forget, though Neilson for over twelve months has lain in her untimely grave in Bromplon cemetery. Madame Modjeska, after her tour in the provinces, re- turns to town for a few days, paying a visit to an acquaintance of mine. She then goes to Poland for a brief stay, after which it is Modjeska's intention to sail for America, where she intends to play for two years, and then purposes to return to Poland and spend the rest of her days in peaceful retire- ment. I see it is announced that Her Majesty expresses a wish to be responsible for any medical attendance rendered to such volun- teers as can prove that their need of it was or is distinctly traceable to exposure on the occasion of the ill- starred review held near Edinburgh some time ago, an event which I duly recorded. A few days past I was shown a specimen of ancient jewellery, interesting because of the antiquity and associations connected with the original rather than from anything singular in the design or material of the copy. The Mycenæ bracelet, as it is styled, is a moderately wide band of gold. The pattern consists of blocks of gold knobs, alternating with squares of another design. The relic—of which the circlet I saw is a reproduction—was, it is said, discovered in the tomb of Agamemnon, or treasury of Atreus, and if so cannot be less than 3,000 years old. This bracelet is, I believe, preserved among other relics of antiquity by our national museum. In connection with the trinket, and for the benefit of those of my readers who may have forgotten that part of the Grecian history which refers to the hero mentioned above, I venture to give the fol- lowing information, without of course in- tending the least reflection upon any one's knowledge. Agamemnon was King of Argos and Mycenæ, and husband of the faithless beauty Clytemnestra. He was also the brother of Menelaus, who married the equally depraved but still more beautiful Helen, who was sister to Clytemnestra, both being daughters of the reigning King of Sparta. The latter by her mis- conduct occasioned all the disasters which befel the Greeks in the subsequent Trojan wars. Agamemnon was murdered by his wife, who presented him with a tunic the sleeves of which she had carefully sewn together. Trying to discover the way into the garment Agamemnon was taken at a disadvantage, and his embarrassing situa- tion enabled Clytemnestra to dispatch her husband with a hatchet. Passing Duclo's famous sweetmeat shop a short time since, and stopping to look in at the windows (for a season), I came to the conclusion that the premises had changed hands. Judging by the exhibition of larks, quails, and other wild birds, together with a liberal display of hares, I very reasonably concluded that a poulterer was doing busi- ness within. A second look convinced me of my mistake, for the birds, however natural their appearance, were but stuffed effigies, one being fixed severally on the top of various wickerwork receptacles for sweets; the lids of these being partially open revealed the closely-packed bonbons lying therein. On the top of one basket sat a wild duck surrounded with reeds, as if for her nest; on another a bird with extended wings was poised as if for flight; other small effigies lay breast upward, as if just shot down by the destroyer's hand. The sight was not pleasing, and the connection between comfits and dead game perplexed me, but the presence of the hares puzzled me most. Lifelike in their proportions, they lay about in every attitude suggestive of dissolution. Conjecture having failed to give me any clue as to their possible use, I made the enquiry, and heard with surprise that puss also was intended as a vehicle for comfits. The prepared skins I saw were not stuffed, the purchaser being left to select the filling from among those sugared delicacies with which the place abounds. Now there are certain associations connected with dead game which I consider the reverse of appetising, and when eating it cooked I always en- deavor to shut the door of memory upon any anterior knowledge linked with the dish and prior to its appearance on the dinner-table. But with pussy's skin de- monstrably before my eyes, and her internal arrangements substituted by bonbons, disagreeable reflections would be quite unavoidable, and drawn from such a recep- tacle I am sure I should lose all relish for Duclo's famous confectionery. I am told a harmless deception, practised during the present game season, is to send one of these hares so packed as to represent a real present of game. To the adult members of the family investigation may prove disappointing, but juvenile recipients are sure to be delighted with such a gift. Its novelty would charm, and with child- hood's voracious and indiscriminating appe- tite for goodies a nice perception of nauseating surroundings need not be looked for. Not, however, that the love of con- fectionery is exclusively confined to chil- dren. I know a great many grown-up babies—i.e., if a love of sweetmeats is to be the test applied as significant of the earlier stages of existence only. Sidney Smith recommends, in conjunction with a sim- mering tea-kettle and a bright fire, that a paper of sugar plums be kept on the mantelshelf as an additional aid to cheerfulness and good humor. The newest bonbonnieres are in the shape of disre- putable old shoes, such as the tramp leaves discarded on the highways and hedges as no longer capable of affording protection to his pedal extremities. And here again I con- fess I do not think reflection is likely to give zest to an appetite for the contents of the duplicates. I copy with an acknowledgment the following interesting account of the obse- quies of the late President. I have abridged it, however, to suit the space at my com- mand. "Before the coffin was taken from Washington all the floral decorations were removed from it with the exception of that presented on behalf of the Queen—a large and exquisite wreath of white roses, sinilax, and stephanotes. A card attached bore this inscription, 'Queen Victoria to the memory of the late President Garfield; an expres- sion of her sorrow and sympathy with Mrs. Garfield and the American nation.' The funeral car was drawn by twelve black horses, draped in black, with white plumes, and led by six negroes. Mrs. Garfield, accompanied by ber late husband's mother and her five children, followed in procession. Twelve pall-bearers walked alongside the car, which was an elaborate construction, covered with black draperies bordered with silver fringe and relieved with folds of white silk. The 'casket' (a new name substituted for the more ghastly and sug- gestive coffin) had silver handles. It was lined with white satin, and across the lid were two long palm leaves crossing each other. The body was laid ip the vault amidst expressions of the deepest sorrow, the steps to the mausoleum being covered with flowers. The 'casket' was enclosed in an iron cage and surrounded with a wall of cement sufficiently strong to prevent any attempt to remove it." Among those who have written letters of condolence to the widow I may mention Mr. Alfred Tennyson and the Archbishop of Canterbury. In London on the day of interment the drivers of vehicles testified their respect to the memory of the late President by attaching fragments of crape to the handles of their whips; and many tradesmen, not only in London but elsewhere, draped their windows with crape or black cloth, and partially closed their shops in token of sympathy. I noticed one shop draped with black with this inscription wrought in white flowers, "In memory of Abram Garfield, Christian man and conscientious statesman." There are few ancient houses which do not possess some uncanny resident in the shape of a ghost, who never appears but to presage misfortune, death, or disaster in the Family to which it mav be said to belong. We all remember how the step on the ghost's walk at Chesney Wold foreboded dishonor to the lofty Sir Lei- cester Dedlock, baronet; and here, not in fiction, but as a fact, comes the story of the "Drummer of the Airlie family." It is authentically stated that a few days previous to the very sudden and unex- pected death of the late Earl of Airlie, who expired at Denver, America, whilst on a visit to that city, the fatal visitant was distinctly heard by several members of the family beating his spectral drum with a weird energy never practised un- less the head of the house be threatened, and old retainers affirm that the sorrowful news of the earl's decease did not find them unprepared. 