THE question of water supply to the agricultural districts has commanded considerable interest of late, and on Thursday evening last there was quite a hot discussion in the Assembly on the subject. The debate was evoked by a question put by Mr EL GLARE, who was anxious to kno w when the recommendations of the Water Conservancy Board, would be carried out; and in reply he was told by the Minister of Mines that as soon as the board bad finished its work, the matter would receive very zealous Ministerial attention. This answer did not appear to satisfy the House; so ultimately Mr BERRY promised that where no great outlay is. required, the work shall be commenced at once; and subsequently MrliANGRiDGE intimated that he would ask the House to pass £100,000 for the purpose. Everybody will admit the wisdom of this step, for there can be no -difference of opinion that a rural water supply is the great want of this colony, and that until it is provided die colony cannot progress at all commensurate with its merits. Taken all through, the land we possess is of as: good average quality as the land of ninetenths of the habitable globe. But it is mauled and spoiled by the want of that element which is as essential to make it lastingly productive as blood is necessary to the existence of the human body. At the same time, anything but the most is made out of the land, while all this waste is going on, through the want of a sufficiency of moisture; while the Settlers are reduced to the most serious stouts during a large portion of the year by the absence of an element, which is as requisite to their domestic comfort as it is indispensable to the proper working of their holdings. In France, •Belgium, and other places where there is plenty of water, an agricultural family will, live and prosper on two or three acres of land, while here an agricultural family finds 320 acres too little for the same purpose. The want of water compels the great bulk of our farmers to confine their efforts to those growths which yield a minimum of result for a maximum of labor, and thus there is not that variety of crops raised which, while working the land up to its fair capacity, would result in perennial profit to the owner. An ample supply of water would overcome these drawbacks—provide the fanners with the means of meeting all their requirements in this way—and of all artificial efforts, therefore, which this community wants, that on behalf of a water supply for the agricultural areas is unquestionably the most needed. Given this supply, and not only would the land soon " blossom like the rose," not only would each of the selectors find the 320 acres which he now holds a most remunerative property, not only would the rents overdue speedily be paid up, but all other interests would share in the benefits of die good things which would thus become developed. The determination of the Government, then, to proceed with a work with such beneficent sur roundings, without any further delay, will meet with approval in all quarters. It is a wise resolve; an essential undertaking; and eveiybody will be right heartily glad, therefore, to see it carried speedily to fruition. The whole secret of our success as an agricultural community rests upon this work being done, for without it it is quite impossible that in this direction we can progress at all commensurate with the natural gifts we have received, or with the vast area of cultivatable land which we hold in possession. All this being so plainly demonstrable^ we are glad to see the Government is determined to push this work of water supply ahead; and it is only to be hoped that it will be vigorously continued up to the very point of exhaustion. The reports which the Water Conservancy Board has drawn up show that much can be done, at a comparatively trifling expense, to remove that aridity from the agricultural districts which is at the T>ottom of all their troubles; and fortified with this expert advice, there really seems little difficulty in doing what is tso badly wanted. The board, briefly expressed, suggests that tanks should be sunk in some of the agricultural areas, that weirs should be thrown across the rivers and creeks, in ethers, to carry, through the natural declivities of the country, all the surplus storm-water which Mis in the wet season, and that this water should be stored, for purposes of irrigation, by means of cheaply constructed dams throughout the fanning districts. And in some places the board shows that Works of this kind could be carried out at a small expense in proportion to the vast benefits that would be secured by such a system. As to die Cost, the board suggests that this should he met either by die persons benefited contributing a portion of the expense, the Government finding the remainder, or by a local loan, guaranteed by the Government, or by public companies being formed to do the work, the Government assisting them with loans to realise their objects. These recommendations may «all fotifurther comment; bnt for. the present we confine ourselves to saying that so matter what system la parsued to get the money, or to do the work, every. effort dheaH be pul #orth to *Beet the re- LLARAT COURIER, T qairement which eveiybody readily recognises to be. vitaL It is want of water which alone keeps our farmers in difficulties, and which alone prevents them from becoming as flourishing as any other class amongst us. No exertion should, therefore, be spared to get rid of this difficulty, for removing it means prosperity to. every interest in the ^colony; and any money spent for such a comprehensive and useful end as. this must be money well invested. We are glad to see that this water question will' be gone on with by the Government without delay; and we trust there - will be no flagging in the good work until all that is required to make our agriculture prosperous and progressive has been accomplished. No effort could stand upon sounder grounds; and, therefore, no more sensible course, than the Government intend to follow, could be adopted. A WRITER, who signs himself "G. LACY," has contributed a long paper on "Proportional Representation" to the latest number of the Victorian Review- and, as usual with writers of this type, he goes in baldheaded for HARE'S system. According to his notion, the adoption of HARE'S system would make the Legislature an exact reflection, or mirror, of the nation, do away with the evils of localisation, ensure the representation of all considerable minorities, deal a death blow to bribery and corruption, render beerparliaments an impossibility, reduce to a minimum the drunkenness now so prevalent at elections, and ensure the return of all prominent men, who have acquired fame for themselves in politics, letters, science, and art, to the, exclusion of local magnates and wealthy nobodies. All these ends, Mr G. LACY says, would be attained by conducting our elections upon HARE'S craze, and, therefore, its adoption would be immensely beneficial. We were not aware before that we have beer-parliaments, or that there is much drunkenness at our elections, or that there is any serious amount of bribery and corruption in the colony. Nor were we aware before that any evil results flow from the localising of the representation. Indeed, we have all through been of opinion" that, taken as a whole, for honesty of effort, sobriety of conduct, avoidance of beer- 1 parliaments, and the excellent development of the country, by means of decentralisation, or local representation, we stood in the vanguard of. everything that is desirable, commendable, and decent. But Mr G. LACT says we do not; and we suppose we must yield some little deference to his dictum. But we should really like to know how HARE'S system would effect any improvement in these directions, supposing all that is said against our present method of election to be truthful. Would the publicans combine less determinedly to secure the return of their favorites under HARE'S system than they do now? Obviously they would do the veiy opposite, because under HARE'S system the work of returning their own candidates would, by combination, lie made sure, whereas under present arrangements it must always continue uncertain. Then as to drunkenness, bribery, and corruption. Supposing 2000 to be the quota required to return a member. Would there not be any amountof money spent, and any quantity of liquor distributed, throughout the country, to get this, or any other, number of votes by those who possessed the means to spend in this way? Clearly there would, or all that has been said about wealthy humanity, in connection with our parliamentary elections, has been a gross and unblushing libeli Then as to the abandonment of local representation, what would be the result of getting rid of it ? Plainly to hand over the great bulk of the representation to the metropolis, under which the country districts would be neglected, because nearly all the prominent men reside in the metropolis, and thus sympathise with the aspirations and covetous principles of the main centre. A very little reflection will, therefore, suffice to show that instead of HARE'S system doing good, in die directions described, it would have precisely the opposite effect, so that we are really far better off with matters as they stand than we would be by adopting HARE'S crotchet. Now let us look at the other points in Mr Litre's paper. The adoption of that system, be says, would make the Legislature a mirror of the nation, ensure the representation of all considerable minorities, and cause the election of all the prominent men, that is, up to the required number, to die Senate. To the first two the reply is that these ends occur now, and, therefore, no necessity in these respects exists for any alteration. There is not a thought in the community that does not find expression in the Legislative Assembly, nor is there any minority that is not represented there. More than this. Each party is fairly reflexed in that House, according to its numbers in the country; and it is only necessary to classify the numliers, and then compare the classes with the votes taken, at any general election, to see that this reflex is worked out to perfection. We don't want HARE'S system, then, to do theseinatters for us, because we have got all these desirable tilings now. But the probability is, that we should lose them all under HARE'S device, owing to the advantage it would give to wealth, combination, and prominence; and, therefore, the less we have to do with HARE'S system the better. Now, as to the last argument of Mr LACT'S. Talrin«r his own words, HARE'S system " would secure the election of all prominent men, who have acquired fame for themselves in politics, literature, science, and art, to die exclusion of local ' magnates and wealthy nobodies.*" Exactly. It would give a monopoly of the: representation to those who hold ewts, as we argued out the other day it y ould, and not necessarily leave the " local magnates and wealthy nobodies" out in intelligence, but who had not had the good fortune to niake it known to the electors. Let us show this by an example. Mr SHIRES, of Normanby, is a " whiteheaded" boy of the Conservatives. BOeis regarded asja very clever man, find we readily acknowledge that he <$s. But no one .knew of his cleverness until he was elected for Normanby. Now what would he havebad of being returned under HARE'S «yet&mf; <» Clearly a prominent M^bouoia- 'DUAL., would havp l£fi him in rfhe rear alb^ether, because nobody od&ode; i : Normanby fcxtew ;fais irorih and in- UESDAY, APRIL 5, 18 telligence- So it would be with all the SHIELS under HARE'S system. They would not be known outside their own circles. They would have neither the time nor the money to spend in spread-eagling the colony, to show what they were made of; consequently all the old politicians who opposed them would beat them in a canter. Thus HARE'S system would deprive the Legislature of some of the best and most rising men in the country, if it had the effect which Mr LACY describes; and that it would have this effect is beyond all question.. So the petard hoists its own engineer, or rather destroys itself by its own inherent weakness. The fact is that HARE'S system is one of the greatest pieces of charlatanry that was ever put before a sane community; and we defy any impartial person to reflect over it carefully without coming to this conclusion. Certainly JOHN STUART MILL has given his adherence to it. Cut that same master-mind has endorsed many other suggestions and ideas which bear the stamp of absurdity on their very surface. It does not follow, therefore, that everything which even this really profound writer has backed up should be endorsed, any more than his well-known contempt of all religions should be accepted as gospel. HARE'S system of " proportional representation" is simply one of those absurd " fads" which the keenest of minds will sometimes take up with, although they are opposed to all the elements of sober sense and reason.. That this is the case is beyond all reasonable doubt with HARE'S scheme, which, for die absence of all necessity in the State could not be excelled, and which, for downright nonsense could not be equalled. Mr LACY has really wasted several pages-of the Victorian Review on this theme, and the more HARE'S system is investigated or thought out, die more difficult will it be found to dispute this assertion. The following persons have not received their "census" forms, and the sub- enumerators will db well to supply them as soon as possible:—Mr Seelcy, bonder; the watchman at the gasworks; Mr Brooks, No. 116 Armstrong street Bouth; and Mr Michael Morrisey, Alfreaton, In his district Mr Vallins is now making a round to furnish papers to those who have been overlooked by the subenumeratora. Yesterday collecting the filled forms was commenced, and not a few amusing, and some annoying, encounters were experienced by the collectors. The chief difficulty they had to contend with was the extreme faeetiousness displayed by same of the "censused," who made absurd entries on the sheet. To such an extent did these persons carry their jokes that the collectors had to remind them of the penalties provided for inaccurate returns. A very petty spirit and considerable ignorance was displayed by a gentleman of property living in Hallarat East when the usual form was left in his hands. The sub- enumerator desired him not to fold it mon than in one place. The gentleman of property at 'once emshed the paper up into a ball, and stuffing into his pocket, exclaimed, ** That for the Government," and rushed indoors. We are requested by Mr Thomas Hndson, census enumerator for the Baliarat East district, to request those persons who may change their place of residence during the next day or two to leave the census papers with their neighbors'for collection by the sub-enumerators. Tenders were opened yesterday by the Board of Land and Works for the construction of the branch railway to the Baliarat racecourse. Nine offers were reoeired, the lowest and successful tender being that of Mr James Malone for £3569 9s lOd. An obitnary notice elsewhere in our columns announces the decease of Mr Charles J. Evans, late of this city, who died at Albert Park on Sunday, after a long illness. The decased gentleman was Oi.e of the firm of Evans Brothers, who at one time had a large printing and stationery establishment in Start street. After leaving that business Mr Charles Evans' eyesight became very week, and following his loss of sight came on illness which, after years of suffering, resulted in his death, as stated. Old residents in this place will have many recollections of Messrs Evans Brothers. An inqnest was held at the Hospital yesterday by Mr Akehurst, P.M", upon the body of the unfortunate miner, John Padfield, who died at that institution on Saturday from injuries he sustained three weeks ago at the Fiery Creek miue, Raglan. It will be remembered that Padfield sustained fearful injuries to his head through the cage in the shaft coming down upon him as he was leaning over the mouth of the pit talking to someone below. The jury found that deceased died from the effects of injuries received at the mine at the time mentioned, and that the accident resulted from bis own A man named Wm. Connelly, -a resident of Weatherboard, 'died suddenly on Sunday night from an epileptic seizuie, he'having been for some time suffering at intervals from epilepsy. Mr Abeharst, P.M., held an enquiry into the cause of death yesterday; but we have not been able to definitely learn bis verdict. We understand, however, that he found that death resulted from natural causes. A fire broke out about half-past seven o'clock yesterday morning in a house near the town common, and occupied by a' herdsman named Matthew Mackay. The house and stables adjoining were burnt to the rronnd. Money amounting to £15 was lost la and tbe total loss is estimated at nearly Mr Mackay left his home at about five o'clock in the morning, and did not return till after the fire. He states that no fire had been lighted in the place since Sunday evening, and the origin is unknown. The medical gentleman (Dr Whitcombc) who attended the late Mr Punshon in his fatal illness declined to give a certificate of death, on the grounds that deceased died from injuries resulting, it was understood, npon an accident. Mr Akehurst^ P.M., on beiug desired tcThold a magisterial enquiry into the cause of death, enquired if deceased had been conscious after receiving his injuries, and if he had explained the manner in which he sustained them, as purely accidental, On receiving affirmative replies to his questions, the magistrate at once granted the death certificate. The remains of the unfortnnate gentleman were interred in thef Old Cemetery yesterday afternoon. Tile census paper was on Sunday night the disturber of the veiy harmonious relations existing between a number of ladies and gentlemen living in a suburban boardinghouse. Two of tiie gentlemen with native politeness assisted the landlady in preparing the paper for the house, as they could bettergrasp the directions for filling the papers, and write in clearer style than the worthy matron was able to. The ladies did not comprehend how the two gentlemen indicated, generally so courteous and well-bred, should ask snch impertinent questions, and rose*in mutiny against the ukase whi-h ordered them to divulge well-kept secrets as to age, &C.; Tile lateBt bulletin from the house on Sunday night runs—^"One or two of tiie ladies in an attitude of resentment, considering some of the questions impertinent. One - takes refuge with personal friends, and campe with them for the night." The two. good - natuced scribes at last managed to fill in all the paper but the age column, which they, quietly smiling, discreetly left to- the attentions of the landlady. We have received a long letter from "Mrs M'Phee, containing particulars of a domestic nature, which, out of consideration for hereelf and family, we must decline' to publish. Linen of this kind should always be washed at home, as the reverse of a useful purpose is' alwayB tbe «onseqaence of Bending ft beyond for this land of treatment. A tea and public meeting in celebration of tiie church MmiverBary, and to welcome the Rev. E. Turner, took place last night at tine Peel Street ' Primitive Methodist. Free Church. The ladies of the congregation provided the tea, at which about 120 persons were -pivHHiit; ithe following ladies presiding at the tables:—Mrs and Miss J. Roberts, Un end Mrs L- 'fiiibertB, Mrs Toloday, Mr* Teeaav pod Mrw MitchelL After tea the diair was tabem by Mr Jamea, M.L A., who ddireted tfafapmingaflftraa; theReva. J. 8L W. Inglis, Powell, Tnrner, and Harrison; and Mr Dimsey being also announced to address the meeting. Miss Roberts presided at ibe harmonium, and Mr Johns conducted the choir rendering some excellent singing during the meeting. The mayor of Baliarat East received the following telegram yesterday from the traffic manager of Victorian Railways:—"If, when all the present issue of Exhibition excursion tickets has been sold, it is found the demand still continues, another train will be arranged for Thursday." Mayor Lewis and Mr J. N. -Wilson, J.P., presided at the City Police_ Court yesterday morning, and fined two ihebriates in tbe usual manner. Julius Fullrich and Alfred Oauser were brought np on a charge of having deserted from the German warship Hertha on the 18th March. The bend discharged the accused on the grounds that there was no evidence as to their identity, and they were illegally in enstody, as there was no order from the captain of the vessel to warrant their arrest. Mr Inspector Holland conducted an examination of about 100 children at State School No. 33 yesterday, for certificates of standard education. The children were from various schools, and the results, when the papers have been examined, 'will be communicated to the head teachers of the respective schools. At the Dawson Street Congregational Church last night a very interesting entertainment was given. It consisted of the adventures of Kobiuson Crusoe, with music and readings, the latter being delivered by the . Rev. J. Walker, pastor of the chnrch. The choir and about ttrenty children rendered the singing, which was descriptive of the subject of : the entertainment. The programme was a new one to Baliarat, and was carried out very well. The attendance was not very large, bnt those present appeared to be well pleased with their evening's 'entertainment. A tea meeting will take place this evening at the Barkly-Street Wesleyan sqhoolroom^. as a valedictory compliment to the Rev. W. A Quick, and a welcome to the Rev. I 4 . Adamson. A public meeting will afterwards be held, at which addresses are to be delivered by several clergymen, interspersed with music by the chnrch choir. There will necessarily be a large attendance of the con- •regation and friends of the Rev. W. A. juick, for during his stay in the circuit he has endeared himself to all classes of the community by the exercise of those virtues which become a true Christian and gentleman. While, therefore, bidding him God speed in his new sphere of labor, yet we are sure a hearty welcome will be accorded his It has been determined by the friends of Mr J. J! Goller to tender him a complimentary banquet previous to his departure for Europe. The banquet will take place oh Thursday evening at Craig's hotel, and those desirous of bang present can obtain tickets from the h'on. secretary, Mr John Permewan, at his office, Doveton street north. The Neil Street Mutual Improvement Association held its usual fortnightly meeting on Friday evening last. TTie president (Rev. A Powell) occupied the chair. An excellent essay was read by Mr Waight; subject— " Baptism of the Holy Ghost." An animated discussion followed, in which the essayist sustained his'views against the majority of members, and combated many of their arguments successfully. MrWaight has promised to continue the subject. The next meeting will be held on Friday next, in lieu of Good Friday. A trotting match between Mr Byrne's Charlie and Mr Wilson's Tommy for £50 a-side, £5 forfeit, was to have taken place yesterday at the Miners' Racecourse. The match, however, fell through, Mr Byrne declaring to forfeit. Boccaccio, the American trotting stallion, was exhibited yesterday afternoon in Sturt and Albert streets in a sulky, and put through his paces before a large number of admirers. Boccaccio will be taken to Melbourne, where he will trot a match against time at an early date. We have received the National Insurance Company's ABO time-table and diary for the mouth of ApriL The buildings in Armstrong street lately occupied by Mr West are to be opened as a coffee palace by Mrs E. Roberts, late of Stawell. The lessee has had the establishment renovated and made as comfortable as possible, so that every encouragement is afforded patrons of visiting the palace. On the opening day, which is Wednesday, Mrs Roberts intends to give a free dinner to all who wish to pay her a visit. The Age gives the following acconnt of the shocking accident reported in yesterday's Courier -.—*' An accident of a painful character occurred oa Saturday afternoon at the South Yarra railway station, which unfortunately ended fatally to the pilot of the afternoon train from Prince's Bridge to Gippsland. Tbe train was taken in charge by the pilot, Robert Palmer, aged thirty-five years, and conveyed over the Hohs^n's Bay line as far as South Yarra. On arrival at that station the train was travelling at the pace of four miles an hour. It has been a practice for some timepast for the pilots, on arrival at South Yarra, to step oil the engine on to the platform; and the deceased, who had done the same scores of times before, jumped off the train. By some unfortnnate circumstance he missed his footing, and in-ari instant he was drawn under tiie wheels of one of the carriages, and, notwithstanding that the train was brought to an immediate standstill on observation of the occurrence, one of the wheels passed over him, crushing his right foot and stomach. The unfortunate man was instantly removed from the position, but ouly breathed a second or two afterwards. The deceased leaves a wife and three children, the former being in delicate health." The following from the ffohart Mercury explains the commotion that has just sprung up about the cattle of these colonies : —" ' I have the honor to inform you that the Colonial Secretary of this colony has received information to the effect that rinderpest lias appeared in a violent form in Batavia. Every precaution has been taken here to prevent the landing of any Btock, skins, or fixings fiom any vessel trading with Batavia and the islands.' Such are the terms of an alarming communication which Mr Whyte, chief inspector of stock in Tasmania, received a few days ago from Mr Gordon) chief inspector of stock in Queensland. We J understand that the Government of this j colony has received letters on the subject 1 from the Governments of Queensland and j South Australia, which are now under their 1 consideration, and on which some action will ] probably be taken at an early date, the I matter being one that will not brook delay." , , I There appears (rays the Age) to he a growing feeling in tiie other colonies that we stand m great danger of a visitation of foot and moutb disease and pleura-pneumonia, ine^bietbecretary has received a communication from New South Wales suggesting that a conference of stock inspectors should take place, and he has written m reply expressmg bis willingness that snch a meeting should be arranged. In the reply, Mr Berry has mentioned that a select committee has been sitting in this colony on the subject,' and that they have sent in a most valuable report on the question, which may, on perusal, be generally adopted. It is highly probable that prohibition will be recommended. and that horses will be included in the list of prohibitions. The attendance at tbe Exhibition on Saturday was as follows:—By single tickets, 7764; season ticket holders, 12S; miscellaneous 1480\. Total, 9372. The total attendance to date (says the Arr/un) is as follows:—By single ticket, 765,160; season, 13,723; miscellaneous, 305,910j grand total, l,0Si,793. Referring to Hie taking of the Census on Sunday night, the fiar, says:—"On Sunday night a number of officers visited the outlying localities of the city, for the purpose of making a return of the vagrant population who frequent the bauks of the river and the various reserves. Some alarm was expressed by these nomads at being roused from their sleep, as they evidently expected to be told to move-on; hot, on the enumerators explaining their business, the requisite information was given without demur. Considerable disgust (says a Hamilton telegram in the A rgiis) isexpressed at Sir Samuel Wilson's eavalier treatment of bis constituents in withholding hie resignation till tiie eve of his departure, and then handing it to the President instead of tiie Governor, thereby rendering it informal. Some curiosity (remarks the jigel exists as to the couree that will be pursued this week by th^Legialati ve Council in Heffing with the Reform BUL It is true-that there are some members of tint House who hold to tbe opinion' tiiat a conference should be asked for at once, bnt there are othem in Van Ufpa Ctamier who do Dot sympathise with this -view, (hie representative man, it is (eporiea, h^s had an interview with the bead of tbe Government, and they bath agree—so it H stated—that a ay departure from the well-beaten track would be fraught with danger and difficulty. If the Council proceed to deal with the bill m the usual way, they will come to a well ascertained understanding as to what they, or a majority of them, desire. Bnt if the inllia taken away from them now, their own minds will not be made up on the subject. If the bill is thrashed out on the floor of the Council, the Assembly, the" preBS, and the country will hear the arguments, and learn the views of the Council, Notwithstanding (says the Argus) the frequent warnings given through the press that proceedings will be taken against all persons alighting from or entering a train whilst in motion, the practice still continues. On the 22nd ultimo, a young man named E. C. Stooke was about to enter a train which was in motion at the Albert Park station. He was warned by the guard not to.do so, but persisted and entered the train. He was summoned for the offence at the Emerald Hill police court on Saturday and pleaded a guilty. The bench, which .consisted of Messrs T. V. Foote and T. A. Monat, J. P., let him off with the nominal penalty of 5s, with 2s 6d costs, and refused to allow the witnesses' expenses, although the guard was absent from duty and in attendance to prove the ease. The conduct of the bench cannot be too strongly condemned. The P. G. Nerrs complains that Mr Rennie, singing master for the State schools from Baliarat to Horeliam, has not been in Stawell for a month. Hie News thinks this state of things should be remedied. A correspondent from Camperdown writes to the Mortlakc as followB:—" On Friday evening the fiev. E. C. Knee gave his lecture on " The - land we live in; its pioneers and explorers," in the Wesleyan Church, Camperdown, to a large audiencie. Previous to the lecture a social tea meeting took place, for the purpose of bidding farewell to tiie rev. gentleman, whose labors in this district are being brought to a dose, as Mr Knee will leave in a fortnight's time for Searsdale, 'his new field of labor. During the evening a set of silver-mounted buggy harness was presented to Mr Knee by Jh D. Edge, of Jancourt, on behalf of the Camperdown congregation, as a slight recognition of the untiring ministerial labors of the recipient, who suitably acknowledged the unexpected gift." Referring to the case of the widow Sherritt, the Ovens and Murray Advertiser writes :— '* We are given to understand that it is the intention of the Government, so soon as the sittings of the Police Commission are ended, to suitably provide for the unfortunate woman, who since the murder, of her husband has contracted debts with local tradesmen for articles necessaiy for her subsistence, the payment of which has been guaranteed by Government; and, therefore, she cannot be said to be dependent upon charity." A notification appeals in our advertising columns to the effect that Wellington's omnibuses will run from 8.30 a.m. up to 12.30 p.m. every half- hour, and from 12.45 up to 7-15 p.m., every fifteen minutes, from the Asylum, the Comer, and the Lake daily. The St. Paul's Church tea meeting has again been postponed to Friday, tbe 23rd instant. The regulations for the management of the Baliarat West Town Common will be found published in our advertising columns today. Members of the Baliarat Philharmonic Society are requested to meet punctually tonight for rehearsal. The friends of the late G. W. Vining are requested to meet at Mr Davis' Ancient Briton hotel, on Friday evening next, at halfpast seven, to arrange for a concert and ball for the benefit of his widow. A meeting of bakers and bakers" carters was held at the Dutch Harry hotel, last night, when it was decided to have a friendly game of cricket at the Eastern Oval, on Thursday next, starting at half-past twelve. Sides will be chosen on the ground. All interested are requested to attend. The anniversary of the Armstrong Street Bible Christian Sunday school will ue celebrated this evening by a tea meeting and entertainment. Besides recitations and music by the children, addresses will be delivered by the Revs. G. Netherwiy, J. Teague, and other gentlemen. A general practice and public trial of the new etcam fire engine belonging to the Baliarat City Fire Brigade will take place in Raglan street this evening, at six o'clock sharp. A local land board will be held in Baliarat next Monday, starting at two o'clock. The list of applications to be dealt with will be found in our advertising columns. On account of the bakers' holiday, there will be no delivery of bread in Baliarat next Thursday. The ordinary general meeting of the Butchers' Employes' Association will take place at the Societies' Hall, Grenville street, this evening, at eight o'clock. 