helboub.ve. (from ocr own" correspondent. 1 November S. Politics at a discount. Berry terribly played out. His Geelong meeting a fiasco, and fee Major and Yale gnash their teetii because the country won t "enthuse" over the Commission question or some other party cry. These holiday times interfere sadly with the little games of party agitators. No sooner has the Cup been got through with. and an attempt has been made to galvanize the Commission question into something like vitality again, than an adjournment has to be made over tbe Prince iff Wales' Birthday, aad now approaches the season iff "Peace on earth, good will to men." The only opening I can see for the Radical to get np the ghost of a row is" npaa the Land Bill) and there does not seem a very cheerful prospect even there. Alas! poor Berry. "Farewell, a long farewell to all my great- " There is to be a parliamentary rifle match between the members of the Victorian and New South Wales Legislatures, during the Christmas holidays," so runs the para graph that appears in the newspapers. There is a certain member of fee Victorian Assembly engaged in " working " a free trip to Sydney on board the Nelson for himself and fellow members, together with free saloon quarters, and the ran of the parlia mentary power during tbe stay of the illus- trions party in Port Jackson, so runs the tip given me by my authoritative informant,, and yon may bet your bottom dollar, as the Americans say, on the correctness of this explanation. "They gay" in political coteries that Sir Bryan is the most popular politician with His Excellency. They say that Sir Bryan, being fee only membCT of Parliament who can boast of "blue blood," has something to do with it. "They say" in sporting society that Zuln's trainer adopted an American ex pedient, viz., theadmiiiistering of coffee to the horse before his gallops. Jest before starting for the Cup, Zulu, tiny say, swal lowed overaquart of coffee. It now crops cut that Znlafe owner knew he could gallop, as is shown by the manner in which it is now found that he backed him. They say that keeping it dark helped to get the horse in at his very light weight. Tricks even in raping j The English team of cricketers as they have left England is slightly altered as to personnel since the publication of the pre vious list. ' Shrewsbury and Lock wood stay behind,, and the team how comprises — A. Shaw (captain),- J. Selby, E. Pilling, and W. Scotton (Nottingham); T. Emmett, G. Ulyett, W. Bates and A. fieate (Yorkshire); B- G. Barlow, (Lancashire) ; W. Midwinter (Gloucestershire) ; and James Lfiiywhite (Sussex). The team, although a strong one in bowling, does not represent (he profes- afonal batting of Engfabd, owing to the refnml ofiockwood, Barnes,' and Flowers tojoin- Peate is fee best slow bowler in England, 'but he cannot bat. Bates is the btetaU-romrfman, and a magnificent field. Barlow and Ulyett ere supposed to represent feestzongest batting. talent of the team. Yon remember bow everybody used to denounce oar railway station refaeshment- rm arrangements ; well, either we have improved, :orcbe things must be verybad on fee Sydney rfde.l< Here Is how a Sydneyjoanial writes tm fee hnbjoot .—"In New South Wales fo s&y; afohteenpence, una f«t« impertmnpM# wtoh eloKly resembles mart "poaenrn and atringr-fcaric aanee; in Victoria, for a sfcfiEii& yon ret a wrfl-grilledcbop, served up by anangdm bine, whose some alone fa more than worth Ifartertraoidinaiy Ferret case croj up again, in fee discovery of a cosh-box m fee back premise of a Bonfatert hotel, con- ttimng derm tails of exchange drawn in favor of C. H_ Walker, ana London branch .r At T> i r t-Ij =_ TX L3L mw trsw CH QE naiTM ttt » iTMftia Tanooe SOXQ2, vatring from £30 to £90, and amoBdingiiiaato£473. A tite Ferret, nnder another bbbc, and -n.T.ig a consderahte period before fee Hebron's Boy arrest. _ At fee time of the HeafcsviBe imsanif, the utter afaemeeeff a motive on the port of KxngfortbekaBngaf Keonedy'seiBdneed feeBendr before which fee pretimmary trial took place, to rtnmgiysaect fee prisoner sanity. The detectives have, however, now fallen npern a chain of evidence which, it i anticipated, will scpply the necessary motive. It was not fee ben who wa intended to be poisoned, however ; be, I rmdrrTtand, met hk death by mistake. Anofeer(fee sxfe) forged Grown grant discovered. This time a very large sun has been advanced by a Geekmg rerident esi the forged document- and the work is eo cieverf y rBw-nted feat eome difficulty has taken place in finding out winrh sra fee trne and ssfjss.'a'esas a. asfeor of fee AxstiaBan Dfotionary of Mra who is at present in Europe, baa dmcovercd some rfd record in Anrterfam provmg the Dutch to be the earliest discovered of Aus tralia, and dispoerng of the French cfaim. Mr. Beaten sends to fee Pnbiic Ubrary of fee AnstraliaiLCOast. I have been faaveffinga little lately and have discovered a new " nuisance " winch may be entitled "the diamond rmg . «TC ,t _ 1 aL. jansanoe. \> no sie wej waoaisuguAc wn windows of tfae railway carriages by scratdi- ing all sorts of rillyisms on tbem with Ay Bookmakmsl bave heard some suggest, bnt I observe one vexy practi cal iraii vidua! ba eudea.nted to tonr fee iwgtwoi Sr. asmBnt in the way of adTCxtising his name and profesaoc- "Witimrt girfug him tire benefit of a free "ad" intfaewiddy disseminated eolmnn of tfae Spectator I may motion that fee person in question is a medical arrack, who among other things pro- It is rf this en- feat fee stay fa told, where two stammerer meet, and the raieaiU vises fee other togrggCT to dud dud dad Doctor be oak etrk cuk cuk cored me. 