Owing to pressure on our apace we are compelled to hold over our leading article on til next issue. To-night Profeisor Rice, who brings with him excellent credentials, will produce his -varied entertainment at the Meehanios* Institute. " Hind-reading" occupies a prominent position in the programme, and by its means, he will describe and discover any artiole on whioh the taster has set his mind. Subsequent to his preliminary performance on Monday evening, he gave a private exhibition of his powers, and performed so excellently that he sucoeeded in convincing some determined sceptics. The explanation o£spiritualistic manifestations, raising of what the Professor terms " good substantial ghosts," with whom one may shake hands, sleight of band tricks, singing and music complete the entertainment. Professor Rice cxpreises a desire, if he receive adequate Bupport. t ) give a performance in aid of the Kyneton Ladies' Benevolent Society, and the Mechanics' Institute, before leaving Kyneton. The representatives of these bodies should, therefore, wait on the Professor. An aocident, resulting fatally, to a little boy named James Cavanagh, son of Mr M. Cavanagh, occurred at Trentham on Friday evening last. An elder brother had been delivering horse feed, and when returning home met the deceased, who, with some companions got into the dray. The horse started quickly, and before the driver could get it under proper ocntrol, the wheel collided with a stump, overturning the dray, and throwing the occupants out. James Cavanagh was then found to be under the dray, the guard iron lying across his back. Efforts to remove the dray were ineffectual, until the shafts had been chopped off with an axe, and the horse set free. The deceased was quite dead. An inquest was held on the following day (Saturday.) at which Dr Hutchinson who had made a post-mortem examination testified thai; three fractures of the shoulder blade, and fracture of spine had taken plaoe, and that death must have been immediate; Mr D. Macpherson, who conducted the magisterial enquiry found a verdict of " accidental death in accordance with the evidence. As the date of the Spring Meeting draws nigh, excitement beoomes more intense. Mr Miller has just closed his twentieth sweep on the Melbourne Cap, so that he holds no less than £40,000 of public money in his hands. The wellknown Savanaka has come to the front, and on Tuesday performed so well that a bet of £10,000 to £600 has been taken about him: The unfortunate vagrant Maiy Weaver, who has for a long time past been . an inmate of the local watohhouse, has at length been comfortably and satisfactorily disposed of. Admission to the Oastlemuse Benevolent Asylum has been obtained for her, and that estimable body of benefactresses, the Kyneton Ladies' Benevolent Society provided the necessary railway fare. Two shags were shot by Samuel Hamphrys and handed over to Mr F. Hill, yesterday. Both birds were in excellent oondition, showing the necessity for their destruction. One turd had not had his breakfast, bnt the other had commenced, and a large perch was found in hi* gullet. O nthe9thof November, Prince of Wales' Birthday, the local Bowling Club, responding to an . invitation visit Sandhurst. The following gentlemen have definitely arranged to do battle onbehalf of Kyneton :—Messrs Armstrong, Harper, Johnson, MHIedge, W. Thomson, and Wells. The rinksare not yet complete. A novelty in Via way of advertising, so far as Kyoet.m is oonceTued, was shown last night, when Mr Gye, Professor Kice's a^ent, by the taenns of the lime- light advertised the Professor's appearance nt the Mechaiica' Institute tonight. The advertisement appeared ba Mr Well's dapei's sh ip, aud'eJtcitcd a great deal of interest and curiosity. Jibbing" amount horses ig ftp. i parently becoming fashionable. Yesti r- day in Yaldwin stroet, two animals, within about half-an-hon:- objected to go, and one in its fj^cdaUrness fall, cutting the yastsrns, and the hough of the off hind leg: On Saturday last a hurling match Town • Country, was played on the Friendly Societies' ground, resulting in a draw, owing to the very excellent play shown on both aides. The Country team was composed of nine Ballarat and Buneareeplayers, five from Kyneton, fourfrom Warrnambool, two from Liuristou, and two from Geelong. After two-aud-a-halfhoura p'ay the game waa concluded, an 'adjournment was made to St. Patrick's Hall, where the Country team were entertained at au elogaut and substantial dinner, after which sevt-r^l t lasts were honored, and a number ^TBongs snng. The Kyneton contingent was composed of Messrs Burke, D'Axcy, Jas. Minogue, J. and W. Ryan, all of whom acquitted themselves in excellent style. A special general meeting of the members of the Kyneton C. C. is ca'led for to-morrow (Friday) evening, at the New market Hotel. The business for consideration is described as important. A well attended meeting of members of the Lauriston Hurling club took place on Monday evening, in the Kent Hotel, Mr Henry Ives, aenr., presiding. The principal business before the meeting was deciding where tlie Annual Hurlera' Ball would be held as there were two competitois in the field. The meeting decided with the following result:—Slit pherdaon, 11; and Beard, 10 votes. The chairinau decided that the annual ball and supper will be held at Shepherdson's Lauriston New Town Hall Hotel.- Mr Beare resigned his position as Treasurer to the clubs and Mr H. Tves, Ssnr., was elected iu his place for the remainder of the season. Some other business of less importance was transacted and the meeting closed. 