A ItO Sf ANTIC CAREER A WOMAN died from alcoholism in San FranJ cisco a few weeks ago, at the ago of fifty, who in her younger days, played an eminent part both in the political and artistic circles of Austro-Hnngary. Josephine D'Orray, imme- diately before thc revolutionary outbreak of 1848, then a beautiful girl of seventeen or eighteen, was ono of the idols of the Vienna musical public, tier magnificent singing created a sensation in the Austrian capital for a few months. The Hungarian Count Karolyi, a kinsman of thc well-known states- man, aud a zealous combatant for the Hungarian cause, fell in love with her, and they were married in Pcsth in 1848. From that date sha devoted all her powers to the agitation for Hungarian independence. He, the Count, had to fly from Hungary to escape arrest, hut was taken by the Austrian police in Venice. He escaped, however, to Paris with his wife ; but he died a few weeks after their arrival. His property was confiscated by the Austrian Government, and his wife was left nearly penniless, her father having bequeathed all bis fortune, save a small pittance, to religious institutions-perhaps as a late reparation for Iiis free life. Her fine voice soon procured her an engagement at thc Paris Oners, when she again took the name of D'Ormy. Sha remained until 1852. The influence of her aristocratic friends in Vienna obtained permis- sion for her to return to the Austrian Empire, and she soon became the prima donna of tho Pesth Theatre, where she won the most bril- liant triumphs. A Hungarian by birth, the widow nf a Hungarian patriot, an artist of real genius, and a participator in the Revo- lution, she was welcomed with enthusiasm by tho Magyars. Unhappily she got her name in thc Chromatic Scandaleuse by her conduct, possibly a taint of heredity from har father and her unknown mother, and fled to New York with Max Mavazek. At the old Academy of Music, in San Francisco, Mexico, and South America she earned enormous sums, hut everything was swallowed up by riotous living. Champagne and brandy in- spired her for her work, and she sank lower and lower, until she could no more appear on the stage, and earned a living by teaching music. She was at last married to an Irish- man, named Leary, who brutally maltreated lier, and thc proud daughter of thc Hungarian Count, during thc last few months of her lifo, used to siug at a beer saloon far a dollar and Sf ty cents an evening. COMPRESSED WAVERLY NOVELS.-We have heard of the Iliad in a nutshell. Miss Braddon hos added to her importality by an analogous performance. She has compressed Sir Walter Scott's novclB of three volumes into a scries of penny numbers, each containing an entire novel of thirty-two pages. This is the age of concentrations, and amalgams, and essences of all kinds, from ancient classics for modern readers in a couple of hundred pagcB down to Liebig's extract of meat, warranted to produce a quart of beef-tea from the contents of two or three table-spoons. Miss Braddon is a very clever writer, and understands every trick cf her craft. She has performed her task as no ono else could, and these little manáis may at least cnablo many persons who talk of the Waverly Novels as if they had read them, without ever having read a lino, to pasB a superficial examination in their plots, incidents, aod characters,-Home News. COLONIAL PESTS.-In the last report of the Chief Inspector of Stock an estimate ia formed of thc probable number of noxioua anímala ia the colony, computed "with tho Tiew of arriving at some idea of the loss annually sustained " through their ravages. Tho kangaroos number 5,484,000 ; wallaby, 3,317,000; rabbits, 702,300; and native dogs, 30,000. How did thc district inspectors manage to take this interesting census Ï They do not enumerate thc odd units, but they go as low as hundreds, which necessarily implies a very intimate acquaintance with these pcstB of thc squatter. If they got near enough to count the " noxious vermin " it is a pity they did not embrace the opportunity of dealing with them moro effectually, if only to abridge their future census labours and lessen thc waste of Crown grass. The grass and waler wasted upon thcBe extravagant ferise is said to bc Buflicient for thc support of seven or eight millions of sheep, and thc total annual loss inflicted upon the colony by their un- productive consumption is given at £2,000,000. Thc dingo in thirty-one districts is his own butcher at thc rate of GI,900 sheep per annum ; but even he is surpassed in these Eamc districts by his domesticated cousin, whose butcher's bill, which shecpowners have to pay, amounts to n total of 100,000 sheep per annum. Yet thc Parliament bas passed a Dog Act, which is in force throughout the colony, and a Pastures and Stock Protection Act, aimed directly nt noxious animals, which arc great consumers, but producers of nothing except their own disreputable selves. Cannot both acts ho made moro effective in the districts most needing their protection? For towns, the dog tax need not bc higher than it is, coupled with efficient police supervision ; but in districts overrun with tame dogs, whoso masters cnunot alwayB be made to pay the damage, the Act might bc altered so as to allow each district to fix its own registration fee, as stockownors desire-provided the whole of this business were handed over from tho central Government to a properly con- stituted local government board. Hitherto there has been no very cager desire for local institutions on the part of thc pastoral population. Hut two millions sterling per annum arc M'orth saving, and if the Crown lessees and the freeholders lar^e and small will but combine for their mutual interests, they can clear their runs of dogs and marsupials without burden to tho public ex- chequer, and at very moderate cost, com- pensated with far greater gain to themselves, -.?. M. /Am«. NCITKK at thc door of a ready-made clothin" establishment in one of thc poorer quarters ot Paris : " Do not go somewhere else to bo robbed ; walk iu herc." A Dnvu.MAN having recently heard ruin called spirits, asked the waiter at an inn who had given him grog too mueli reduced, " Vatter ty fol for you don't put blcnty ot ghosts VD top of do vater ;" 