;:**y;;rOnti--t.::-v': ??:- .'? assigns the cause of his insolvency to the pressure of Bega judgment creditors. ? ??/ - '.?? ';'.[«: / ?-?'; '?'?'? That the Bega Standard says the Earl of BeaconsBeld was 'The fore most uiau ui nis nine, . ana aamircs the ''massive intellect1' that, won ' from England's Queen the tribute, * my devoted friend and counsellor.' ' That the late Mr. Patrick Sullivan, road contractor, who was well and favorably known in Oootna, died at Bega on 13th April last, leaving a widow and nine children in bereave ment. That Mr. William Hayes has taken charge of Candolo Post and Telegraph Office, vice Hind, resigned. That ther* are 1634 persons within the town boundaries of Bega-'-867 males and 757 females. That a shining light in Melbourne sent a letter back| with this added outside, ' The addressee refuses this letter because it has traveUed on the Sabbath-day.' He believed it must have been a begging letter of some kind. Tbat the Bega Debating Club has had its 'attention directed to the demise of the late EarKof Beaoonn h'nld,' and wept over *Vhe great national loss occasioned thereby.' ^. That Mr. James Kenyon, the road contractor of Cooma who forgot to pay His men, is supposed to uo in Bairnsdale, Victoria. That a complete census of Victoria will be furnished by the 14th instant; that of New South Wales, by the end of the year probably. That Chinamen in Queensland on entering the marital statt* givo wed ding breakfasts, to which all the loose swells are invited to gorge and liquor up. That the working men of Cooraa do not think much of the clerical ' I'uttoner' who thinks a Chinaman is as good as an Englishman. That Mr. Bradlaugh is supported \\\\\r liia /innbt.lf.tiAnf.Q nf 'NnfMin»r,t%frtn in claiming to toke ' the oath ' in the British Housa of Commons. That in Melbourne a 'man ' has been fined £10 for cruelly beating a horso about the head with a piece of wood. That Mr. Charles Bright lectured in Sydney on 'The Heathen Chinee,' but the regular reverends of the city have no fear of ' John ' working the pulpit on lower wages. That it was an arch affair to get lip sympathy for the Mayor of Bur wood, but it was an archer one to do ditto for Mr. Sturl, the principal witness for tho Crown. That Sydney University Union have decided in favor of tin; debate, ' That Ireland should bo allowed to have Home Rule.' That the Rough has been barkins, dolightingin calling respectable men ' curs,' and is allowed to proceed because Im is too dirty for honest men to handle1. That a thousand ChhiR.se have been employed hy a jNorthcrii tin inincr for 6s, a waok and 7 His. of rice daily. How will this work, Johnny, in Cooma with laborers ? That several Chinese merchants in Sydney ore directing the almond eyes to New South Wales. That the population of Yass is 1215, tho females being 9 in excess of males ; of Mudgco, 2490, or if a suburb be taken in, 3000. Timf. nvnr a, hundred lr.nra filiin kies arrived in Sydney on Friday. That tenders for the Jimenbuen mail will close to-day. That Joseph Woodcroft,of Bunyan, intends to apply to the Chief Com missioner of Insolvent Estates on Tuesday, 7th of June, for a certifi cate. That the unseasonable advice of certain professors of religion to tho Italian immigrants not to separate has lost for them the warm sympathy of the masses. That several gamblers (book maker*) were fined a crown each for obstructing the pathway in front of Sydney Tattersall's. That the best thing that has ever happened to the Sydney Bulletin is the retirement of the humorous Hen niker Heaton, who is about to do the whole colon}' a service also.. ' TbatCatherittc Durtlop, committed for the murder 'of her husband near Yass, will be tried in Sydney on the 9th instant. That the Chinese at Vegetable Creek outnumber the Europeans by 3tol. ' That a hurricane killed a preacher in an Ohio chape],, and a gale de molished one in this country. That ft new lot of Cbinkies have settled down in Cooma, and will be allowed to vote for the next batch of aldermen. That a native bear roosted on the cross over the spire on the Presby terian Church building in Cooma two nights last week. That the parties to the case of Rolfe v. ? Eustace left Cooma on Monday night for : the i. Supreme Oo'irt. ?'..-. ? That a Snowy River father chains iis hny to'a tree and lashes him with : bullock. yhip, and puts the boy to -.he. tnrtnre occasionally ' to _ make liui ?jump.'' ;:.TJi:tt h teacher roundly abused in .« jV.';«t all Jegal lahgiiage two travel Vfs^'h'o.ifbuld'.have made :him quail ;' finl he stepped Jjff.the doorway. 'iTliat; fine rain fell at Dogkennel vvd Ironmongie last Wednesday and Thursday.;' * \\\ rUy_ _ ';;::v- ; , ; ?-.- That Captain Cook has serious thoughts of bui'ing a nosebag this winter. ' -; ' '-' ;- % ?'?''? ;That ; Sydney men ; 'sweat' the gold coins and send them with de faced silver coin up country for cir culation. That Constable Corbett has re signed the Police Forco; he left Cooma for Sydney on Saturday night That some people are exercising themselves considerably over a mar riage and the baptism of the bride thiB week. That the pretty little miiiinoia make all baoholors who pass their wav pay toll — bar one. that a young man was soft onough to attempt to pass a ' flash ' £100 note at the Royal last Saturday night, but it was not for Joseph. That the pigeons in Cooma fly every time they see a Bombala man ; they think of the slaughter, and of the prizes to he given away on Qunen's Birthday. That the trustees of Cooma com- 1 raonage arranged to meet last night, - and the sheepbrccders are having fine times of it. mt i i ? 1 ? / ? 1 _i _.. *l _1_ . ? l j nat a teacner lona oi quaii suool -ing uses free copies of a newspaper for wadding. . . Tfiat the Hugundra ghost has col lapsed. \- That Mr. Martin Shanahan died -near Coolingdon on Saturday, and was buried on.. Monday, Deceased had passed through many trials of affliction, and was well known in the district of Cooma. His funeral was largely attended. That some Boinbala pcoplo say there wore a good few doubles in which tho Cup figured. That if a gambler so arranged the cards that they would bo His to one in his favour the people would call him a blackleg, but let a squat ter's agent use six dummy forms Against ji selector and ho is honorable in bis dealings. That the nights in Cooma are frosty. X lillu lU 19 U fJUtLIIMUl HUM U M1!J'I fid! that youti!; men should be permitted to prevent the settlement of the col ony by means of ho^us applications i and dummy tidcctoiM. '? That the Cooma Police Magistrate j was wrong in Bending Joseph 1'rico ; to Cooma Gaol for a fortnight, bull just as defendant's Hcnti'iico. would ' have been cmnpluted JiiJgu Wimluyer soU him nt liberty. ! That one lady in Cooina offered j to loiid another her old Hull) fur a j path:! n. | That Senior-constable McClelland, an efficient and respectable oflicur of nolinn stut.inneii at Coniiia. is to lie transferred to 13e.ua. That a Chinaman in the far North gave a wedding breakfast recently, at which the Mayor and several aldcnnnn, n man in lioiy ord«r«, and a mad magistrate wens prc-su-nt, and Johnny says ' Alice sainco welly goot ; my cluntlymen like lilckfust.' That a saddler out Addons; way tells us ho used to spend his Sundays by going to bod on Saturday night and getting up on Monday morning. That tho Good Templars will open the Leosville lodge next Saturday. Tiiat a certain schoolmaster not a thousand miles from Cooma informs his pupils that if people study much they will go mad. ThaUqiiattcrs instruct theiragnnts to n fo a dozen dummies' names to fill informs with if it should coino to the ballot box in the Cooma Land Office. Thatic would be a very good thing if there was a night school open in Cooma for boys to pass away the \on% evenings. That should six men pitch into one the public would cry shame if tho six were not nquatters, the one a selector, and the bottle holder a rising legal luminary. That there is a storm brewing in the Members' Cup at Bombala, and that tho riding of one of the jockeys will be stopped for life. That the Building Committee of Cooma School of Arts will consider the tenders for stage fittings on Thursday afternoon. That tho Mayor of Cooina has been summoned by tho police for selling grog within prohibited hours, on Sunday. , ' . .. . 