THE GHOSTLIE GOOSE. A LAY OF XMAfl. Ye cruell oooke elected ay 1 Dldde Kin a leader goose, And toe (bette tender goose dldde say, " Thy lyfe's no farther use. " For Iwlll take thy loitle lyfe With tidi my true tie Steele; And give thy bodle toe my wrfe To mike our Xmas meale." Wyth that hoe flourished high the blayde, That flsshdd Inne ye light, When forth then sprang e gentil mtyda Thatte ciyedln anryght.' " Oh 1 mother, see ye erneUe cooke Bath chopped ye goose hys head. And mother I mother 1 doe bnt.looke. Your gentle goose it dead." , Ye wicked oooke dldde langh withal Atte thatte yoang mayde'e outcrye, 6o laughed he thatte oooke-man tall Thatte tcan flowed from each eye. Then plucked he off ye feathers soft From that poor goose's * Yemavde she cried oat fall end oft " Itte Is a boinynge shame; "The emelle cooke hath quite unclad Ye poor gooset and see She's naked at oar baby lad, Alack I such craelty. Then langhed sgaln that ribald man Until his sides did pain, Qaoth be, I much do like ye plan, Oome Christ mas qulcke agalne." Then he dldde eat thatte goose forlorn. And laughed in lnsty strength. Bat ere had come the next daye's morn Be .dldde repent at length. When he dldde lie upon hys bed There cune ft rhittllf sight That made hye blood ran cold as lead, And etllled bye heart In f ryght. All naked wee that eerie thing, Jta neck a-red with gore,' And with a screech it fall did Syng Its head npon ye floor. The It.dld give a mlghtle leap Upon the oooke hys chest, Ana settled there a cold, cold heap That mnch the cooke opprest Then came out of as awful gloomy'. Id ghost-like grim arrays, Full twenty geese, into that room, Each headless—so they say. Wyth phantom leg-bones they did play \- Upon ye cooke hys breast Unearthly tones, that seemed alway To break the poor man's rest Hya hair dldde stand on ehde with fear; Hys teeth dldde chatter loud; The beatynge of hya heart was dear; Be raved, and mopped, and mowed. Then bones from dinners long gone past Dldde hurtle round hys ears, AndghostUe geese came thick and fast To add untoe hya fears. He started np In tenor wild, And shrieked both loud and shrill, Bnt hys good wyfe she only.emUed— Qnoth she. "John, take a Dill." ' 