Local and General News. MOUE ftfATtoK IMPROVEMENTS.-Mr. J. M'Cullocfc, who erected the extensive build ings for "wool scouring at Northampton. 1ms just satisfactorily completed the sheds for washing sheep at Tcrnck. From what wc hear the epouting apparatus at this stnlion is similar to that at Jjmsdowne, nnd wc hope shortly to have an opportunity to descril>c at length the many very important improve ments which men of capital arc now busily engaged in carrying out on western Elation properties. BRPBESEKTATIOK OP BOCKHAMFTON. By the dentli of Mr. Bea a vacancy occurs in the representation of Hockhampton. The Mayor, Mr. Fcigusrm, will contest the seat as a supporter of the Government, nnd being the most popular of residents in thu Central City, he should have no difficulty in being returned. The Opposition candidates will be either Mr. 1*. F. M'Donald, or Mr. Higwn. The former is decidedly unpopular ns a pub* lie in mi. and hi* avowed sympathy with a party which is wedded to Nrifbane interests, and is therefore antagonistic to Rocklmmp ton, will not help iiint in the contest. Mr. fligson is a Radical of thu same type an the deceased Member, but it is not probable that he will ever go to the poll, though he is said to be extremely popular among n certain 6cction of the electors. RELKCTOHB* HISLTEP BILL.-The bill intro duced by Mr. Bayues to annul the law com pelling selectors to expend 10/- per ncre upon their conditional purchases before obtaining the titlo deeds has very properly l>c»en rejected by Parliament. The only argument in its favor was that it would relieve selectors from tiie necessity for sending in false returns and making dummy improvement* to obtain a price for land when the term of occupation expired. That rogues are allowed by Govern ment officials to uvade the provisions of the law is a poor rca,son fur relieving them of conditions which, after all, cauuot press heavily upon a genuine farmer. "TIIE Mystery of Mayor Molyncux" is a serial story now publishing in a local con temporary. The btory is n good one, for a colonial author, but as stale OH aflve-year-old bath bun. We rcmemljcr wadinc through the mysteries when it was first published in the Victorian papers ycam ago. ANOTHER person claiming to be Sir Roger Tichborne has turned up in Ran Francisco. This will he good news for Knglish lawyers, especially as the ucw claimant is a wtiu of means. PoMCE NEWS.-On the 18th September, Kdward Hall, chafed with damaging a window, the property of Thomas was fined £8; damage, K>s. ^lawyers fee, tl Is : in default, three months hard lubor in Blackall Gaol. Fine paid.rThe same offender was c!iurged with using ol)!"1ce?® language to l'lios. Murphy, hentenced to seven days in the Hole without option of ft fine.-Martin Kevcney, a companion of llall, was charged with aiding and allotting the above offender, and was fined £2, <>v4Hliaur i" the Hole. Fine paid.-Borghnnsen, a German, eliarged with taking too.much lnger l*fTa»d swearing in pigeon fined 10s., or 48 hours in the Hole, hiuo paid with gratefulness.-On the ».1rd, Jerry Sullivan, charged with having too mud. whisky on hoard, and who declared himself a , true *Wiu«, hud to pay 4(1-., or 48 hounfor his privilege. Jerry stumped up.--0n the 24 th, Patrick Keating, n soil of the Old hod, I who was found trying to bury himself in the sand of the main street, contributed 4tK to the hospital, ratrick declared whisky to be a strong leverage.-Jerry bullivaii again made his bow before tlie Bench for disorderly conduct. Fined 4U-, or 48 hours, and a gentle hint given to him to make JTT" Kinc paid, and .lei"y not teen Mine.-Oil the 2(ith, Maggie Cutvurd, given m cliai-ge by Thomas Murphy for using obscene language, i,leaded guilty (thnt »'>Too sodawntcr got the blame again). Maggie received good words of ndvice from the Bench, and got off Uy paying 10s. That was all the business. A Bebiobb Ciuhge.-Wo have received this week a long letter covering eight sides of closely written letter paper containing a charge against some residents of Blackall for ill-treating a young girl in tbeirscrvice. The publication of the letter would eipose bo h us end the writer to on action for criminal libel if it wtre published. We may Btate, however, that our Courts have already decided that a teacher or master; or any ner&on; acting in loooparentu towards o child lawfully punislt ihe child by corporeal chastisement, provided the instrument used is a proper one. Tlie case of Burgess v. Campbell, which was heard before the lolice Magfstiatc on the 6th November, 1880, was at oncc dismissed, the Bench vcryproperly considering that when moral suasion failed it was time to administer physical punish ment. When this degenerates into brutality it is time to put the law w motion, but m the case under notice, we believe, rentable ncrsons have examined the child and pro Seed her perfectly free from tuw marks of violence. B the parents of mwiy children we could name in Blackall instead of making mountains of molehills would look » home, and keep their youngsters clean and well-behaved instead of permitting them to use foul and obscene language, and fight tmd tear each other after they leave school in the afternoon, they would be doing some good in the community. BabCoo POETBT.-An aneicnt minstrel dropped in upon ns this week, and after coming to an anchor upon an inverted brandy case which does duty for our visitors chair, opened negotiations for the publication of aCt two cw-t. of poetry. Cpon cxp«^g SJ5WWW ^5*5 Hint he retained copies of the originals in his memo^ Our visitor then turned up Ins eyes, and let looBe upon the office the full torrent of his pent-up the editor's room with a flood o: poetiy. Sdliut a feeble obstacle.. Wh® the rush nf eloouence ceased, wo hurriedly adjured our visitor to depart in peace with the promise that if he sent us his manuscript wewould find a corner for publication of a portion of the noetry. The manuscript, written on two rides rf 'crushed pi0Ce of paper, we found tpTr, our table yes^rfay, and fore are some literal transcripts of an ode, entitled TEE EiM-Y DATS OF SPMKQSOBE. " When first 1 went to Bpringsure town 11 It was a great place of renown " The latter end of <13. « Business m< n in high glee " And ill June GS " SprinE6ure then was all alive « For they got some goold Races up "And run one race for a Silver Cup " When little Jimey was beat by i a hed _ " She was rode by the jumpernow that isded. The poem goes on to explain how_thc * rode lllbs. overweight, audcouldnt collar Glaucus on the post. Theconsequenca being that he lost a great deal of money, and came in* M pale as a ghost." The wind up is a eulogy of Bpringsure as a habitation ot rest, providing tie funds suit, or as our poet puts " Vrith plenty of cash you have plenty of ease " And work or play just >',u l),cnsc BLACKALL CHMSTMAS ItACKS.-A RUC ccsful meeting of town residents interested ?n recin? was held on Wednesday evemng at Tattersalls' Hotel. Two energetic iad previously canvassed th^ to^ fot sub Bcri»tioB=, oud obtained a trifie under £2 A Committee hnviU|H£en appointed for the management of affairs, a programme was dm*!) up and agreed to as PuWished'iioijr advertising columns. The Maiden " late is fixed at £80, Publicans' PurHj Handicap at CBO, Blackall Handicap at £100, Free Handicap at £25, Handicap H«rdle flB.twicarerb mhuibi » £10. The handicaps, it will be ' largclv predominate, it evidently J;1'® utiiiiion of the Committee that the large prizes for weight-for-age races is eenerd y a Lift to some unscrupulous owner Tilio allows himself to he bnaten for a £100 handicap that he may be permitted unopposed to win a weight-for-age rnce. RATES OP CARRIAGE.-'We must congratu late ourselves heartily on the extension of the railway to Bogaiitungaii, wh!c\l.'JI?n?, the terminus within 1C0 miles of Blackidl. The rate of carriage lietween Blackall nnd the railway is now £\8perUm. Two years ",r0, when the teams travelled by ^ SpriiiE'Ure and the Comet, a distance of 180 miles, the rate of carriage was from £9 to £ o,crton, the former quotation being the price on the way-hill placed on our able side Ijv side with one sent Inst week with £18 marked on it. While desiring that earners should make good profits out ofthcir\en u^ sSl we "Uglit to take some steps for lirotc'cling ourselves. At present we arc nt th° mercy of associated teamsters who charge »'l,'..t thev lileuse. We are iufoimed now that goods they have, contracted to deliver at cerUiu rates have been lelt behind at the railwav, and other goods paid lor at hither rates sent forward. Borne remedy ib needed for this state of affairs. As a rule carriers drain tiie money from towns without render ing any reciprocal benefit. Their jomcs and families, wl.cn they have any,.are located neur the railways, and all their stores, of couU they buy In Ilockhampton. They nnv nor rates nor taxes, vet the taxes paid by others are expended for their heneflt in mak ing water, and clearing roods, the only rotor1' the taxpayers receive being the ® they ore obliged to pay upon goods. There are n few who live here, and those it ttould nav to keep constantly employed at good rnics, because the price of fielglitis not lust to the district, but otherwise. It hccms a positive sin to pay £18 per ton for carriage over 1W> miles, to enable laisy unscrupulous carriers to dnwdlc over their journeys as has hitherto invariably been tlie practice, 'ft t should like to reccivc suggestions for some chntiL'C in the position of affairs, whethei it be altered by' a "Wcstcvn htorckec.^ A«Huclaliun» ouuositiou to ti \VcEtcm Carriers Association," or by the construction of tramways on the land-grant syslcro authorified by Parliament, or by nny otli" legitimate system of co-operation that may be devised. KACGOOUVAH DIVISION.-A meeting of the local lioarri will be held to-morrow. The inspector employed by the Board to examine ana report upon ibe sites selected for tanks on the flogantungan road, announces that he can find no suitable place for a tank at Maiyvalc, and it is probable an overshot dam will have to be made at this stage. The work of clearing the scrub from the road beyond Duigan's has already liecn com tncnccd. When finished it will be a great convenience to all description* of travellers. Tbc sum of £2000 for these improvements was lodged in the bank this week to the credit of the Board. TELEGRAPHIC.-Tlie Manager of the tele graph department, Blackall, advises us that a telegraph oflice has been opened at Morvan, between Mitchell Downs and Charlcvillc, about 7ii miles from the former placc. The line to iMsford was completed and opened for traffic on Tuesday, and on the name day uu office was opened at the Gyropic railway station. On Wednesday a station was opened at liughenricn. REGISTERED BRANDS.-A supplement to the Government Gazette contains the brands registered under the "Brandt* Act of 1872/' for the month of August. The following arc those of persons in this district:-QOO, H. Ju Bow Ah Poo, Muttaburra ; Q30, Henry Shaw, JO Waterholo, Windorafc ; QOO, Wm, H. Campbell, Burghtiuld, Blackall; 1QZ. Aramac Divisional Board; 7TX, Bauhinia Divisional Board, Springsurc ; U7Q, James Htttson, Cullodcn, Aramac ; Y2X, Edward Bostock, Sesbania, Aramac; YZ8, David Marks, Westland, Aramac; OYZ, Benjamiu Davison, Winton; 4ZK, John Buchanan, Isuford. Transfers :-C3L, Chnrlcs William Little to 0. W. Little & Co., Coreeim, Ara mac ; R9Y, Robert Campbell Riley to Lamb & Riley, Evesham, Muttaburra ; 62L Simeon Lord to Dickson & Leslie Brothers, Cullnden, Aramac; 7YE, James N. E. Young to Bank N.H.W., Bowen Downs, Muttaburra. VACCINATION.-The smallpox scare has spread to Blackall, though we hope the disease itself will never penetrate so far inland. On Thursday in every week our local doctor is besieged by crowds bringing their children to be vaccinated, so that although we have no smallpox here we cannot affirm that our population has not been inoculated with a mild form of variola, which combined in one delicate constitution might germinate into something serious. I ClBCDMLOCUTO nr.-Residents here have ' made several complaints concerning the roundabout way in which letters are sent from Blackall to the stations in the vicinity, but the local postmasters do not seem to take ; any 6teps to enlighten the authorities in Brisbane, or explain the position of affairs. Continually we are receiving complaints of the inconvenience caused by letters being allowed to remain for days together at the Blackall Post Office for stations on the Malvern and Aramac lines. Indeed by present arrangements, a letter from Blackall to Terrick, Ravensbourne, or Malvern (20 miles distant) reaches its destination two days earlier if sent 80 miles to T&mbo; and then across country (100 tnilcs) by the back track mail from that place. This is a system which is rotten on the fnee of it, and wants a speedy amendment Why in the name of common sense cannot all mails leave Blackall the day after the southern coach comes in ? ENCOURAGEMENT TO COLONIAL ART. We would draw tbc attention of ladies or gentlemen in this district who are possessed of any artistic powers, to the fact that, in connection with the Illustrated Sydney Neir*, Messrs. Oibbs, Shallnrd, and Co. have initiated a Priee Art Competition, in which premiums to the value of one hundred pounds arc offered for the best pictures of every description, by amateur or urofessional artists resident in New South Wales or Queensland. The conditions are exceedingly simple, and evidently framed with a view to encouraging as largely as poisible the development of native talent. The pictures may be published in connection with the lUvutrated Sydney jfewt, or as more expensive and elaborate senarate chromo-lithoETaDhs. THE MEW IRELAND EXPEDITION.-A closing chapter in the history of the Marquis do Bay's illfated expedition, foil of interest, ap|>eared m the columns of a Sydney exchange Inst week. Captain McLaughlin, who explored several islands of the Solomon Group, discovered a white man naked among the savages at Bouka Island. He counted 70 war canoes, each containing 40 savages, who were aimed. After considerable strata gem he got alongside a canoe containing the white, who was ultimately, with difficulty and danger, purchased for three American hatchets. It was discovered that he was an Italian, named3&pigi; Bouro, who, fifteen months ago was taken captive by the savages. When he found that he was about to be liberated his joy knew no bounds, and he became almost frantic. He embraced Cap tain McLaughlin in an agony of joy, whilst the savages surrounded them shouting and brandishing their weapons. Luigi Bouro said he believed lie was utterly lost, and imagined that he had been with his captors throe years, lie with five unfortunate mates left Liki Harbor to go on a cruise in an open boat. Three days afterwards tliey struck a reef, the boat was unfortunately broken, and they fell into the hands of the natives. He got separated from his companions, whom he only once afterwards saw, when they had a fearful talc of agony and suffering to relate. They said they were treated worse than dogs; they were the slaves of the village, and were made to do horrible work; they were always suffering illueage, and were obliged to work under a broiling gun, with the skin reeling off them. When enfeebled and siclc they were cruelly beaten and tortured. Three months previous to the arrival of the steamer Genii, Luigi heard that all but two had succumbed to the illtreatment of the natives, and want of food. Captain McLaughlin, after re scaring Luigi, Bailed for Bougainville and other islands, where he beard that another white man was in captivity, but was unsuc cessful in finding him, and it is supposed that this unfortunate Italian is the sole survivor of the six countrymen who started away. It is however, doubtful, and it may be that one nt least of the others is still olive in captivity among the savages. This tale is causing an extraordinary sensation in Sydney. BEAUTIFUL SPBIKO -Of all seasons of the year it is upun the npproaeli of spring that a Iierson generally "feels out of aorts." But iv judiciously taking IBWIN'8 COMPOUND EXTRACT OP RAIISAVARI LLA, combined with ])undelio» mid l'otusli, many of the little sicknesses man is heir to arc obviated. The enormous sn'.cs of this splendid medicine during the post twelve months is a sufficient guarantee of its worth.-[ADVT.] UNCLAIMED LETTEUS.-Unless claimed within one month from date will be forwarded to the Dead letter Office. BrisbaneApple by Win. llritclicr A. J. (2), Drown Horatio, Brown John, lUciithorn Jns. A., Bowstcad Win. (2), Bates Thus., Buxtit W., Brown Thomas, Campbell I)., Chcny F. J. (4), Collier J. W., Cox 11. L'ooner M., Dowd Edward, Elliott It. FairliallE. Grant A., Geajy George, Grey John, Gibson H. Hill Geo., Hogan Thomas. Jon-ill Mr. Lucas Fraud. M'Crohan Mr., M'Conachy James, Macycnnon C. F. (2), M'Dougull II. L., M'Do wall C., Malhcwson I)., M'lxish F. Nedergaard It. 6. (2). OrrCl. 11. (2), O'Brien J. I'ctcrs C., Pender Michael Mrs. (ft), l'ol sen J. 1\ Thompson W. Weller Nelson, Wnllis Charles.-C. E. AUQHTEIN, I'ost Office, lllackull, September Htli, 1881. MR. Gisonou I'ORTKit ,Aramac, who is one of the chief supporters of the turf in his own district, being the owner of Marathon, Cullodcn, Manlanl, &c.;, left for Sydney dur ing the week, I understand Mr. Porter intends to make some additions to his list of racehorses during his southern trip, and being a man who understands what he is about we may expect he will return with something "good." "Nemo " in the Eullvtin. 