TO THE GOLDFIELDS AND BACK. [By our Special Representative.] No. III—ON STURT'S TRACK. Next morning having enjoyed the supreme luxury of a bath in clear fresh water, I started on my weary way. A large number of men bound for Mount Browne were camped on Fowler's Creek, including a party which started from Unley on the 10th March. They eeemed practical men, and were making good progress. It being Sunday morning they were camped and engaged in the usual bush services for the day of rest— i.e., scrubbing down their moleskins and washing their shirts; most of them were thus devoutly occupied when I passed. A few miles further the country opened into wide rolling plains which, O joyful sight ! were actually clothed with green grass, a thing I had not seen for six months or more, and which seemed strange coming thus upon it in the desert, go to speak. You should have seen Moses' face—it smiled all over—and he began to make preparation for a pass- over feast—passover feasts, it will be remembered, were eaten standing. Moses took his walking, but that was the only difference. Even easy-going Benediction suddenly woke to the fact that there was corn in Egypt again, or rather grass, in the Grey Range country. The reason of the verdant phenomenon was that two weeks previously a slight fall of rain had passed over this part of the country, and the stronger grasses which, if I am not much mistaken are really perennial, or something like it, at once began to send up fresh and succulent shoots. The grass does not grow in this country as with us, that is like small corn evenly distributed over the land on separate stalks, but in tussocks, generally in patches on low-lying ground between the blue, cotton, and saltbush plants, which tone down the fresh greenery of the plains with their monotonous olive- green tints. This is a fine country for flowers. Though late in the season I saw numbers of pretty plants and blossoms that would grace a town garden ; many I did not know even by name, and nearly all were new to me. In season the gor- geous Clianthus (Start's pea) blossoms in great luxuriance in favored spots. Talk- ing about Sturt's pea reminds me that I was now close to the track of that brave but most despondent explorer who pene- trated this region in 1845 ; in fact it was at "Depot Glen," close to where gold was first found in the Grey Ranges, distant from here about 90 miles or so as the "Adelaide pheasant" flies, that Sturt and his party were camped for over six months, unable to move on account of the lack of water other than than in the Glen waterhole. Some 25 or 30 miles from here there exists, or did until lately, the ruins of an old dray supposed to have been left there by Sturt, and at the Glen there may yet be seen the fragments that remain of the boat the explorer carried with him, wherein to cross the mythical inland sea of Central Australia. Always having adhered to the rule, "when in Rome do as Rome does," and noticing that every second person I met wore a green shade or a bandage over his visionary organs, I thought it quite time to chime in with the prevailing fashion, and start a couple of finely inflamed sore eyes forthwith. I had been thinking of it for several days previously, but had deferred the full fun of the thing till now. Assisted by the glare of the sun on the red soil of these open plains I was able to get up a pair of unimpeachable sandy blighted eyes, on the most approved pattern. Then, knowing that I was in the latest North- Eastern mode of fashion, of course I felt happy, or ought to have done so. Somehow I didn't. People constantly ask what causes sore eyes to be so prevalent in the North country. I think first the cold dry winds which are so often experienced, at night especially ; and secondly, the confounded flies, the equal of which for diabolical fiendish ingenuity in torture I never before met. They doubtless help to spread the complaint by carrying the pus from one eye to another. The track soon became much heavier, and low sandhills clothed with scrub, mulga broom, and balsam bush, broke the dead level of the now somewhat sandy plains ; still there were evidences of the late rain in the feed which was springing gaily in favored spots. The odd-looking nests of the native silkworm, or hairy caterpillar, attracted attention all the way from near Boolcoomatta, but hereabout they are very numerous ; in fact I may say that all through the North the market for flies, wasps, and caterpillars is very fully stocked. I missed that sweet song-bird the mosquito, of which theie were but few to "Sing, sing, sing on to cheer me." It was a pity, too, for with mosquitoes to fill up the time the flies left unoccupied ones cup of happiness would have been chock full. The hairy caterpillars spoken of are curious little brutes. I don't know where they start from or when, but when they do start they link themselves head and tail into a long train and set out on their journey at a rate of speed that is seldom emulated by our fastest railway express trains ; this is literally correct, for their time is about half a knot a year or there- abouts, and I never saw an express go at that rate. The nest they make is about the size of the old-fashioned strawberry pottle, and resembles it in shape, or something like an elongated fool's cap turned upside down and suspended on the twigs of a low tree or bush. It is formed of a very strong whitey colored silk, and is covered with a sort of glaze to withstand the weather. Into this the architects retire, but what they do in there or in what shape they come out I had no opportunity of observing. All I know is that bushmen told me that the silk made excellent crackers for their stock whips if carefully twisted. It looks as though it would. I made Tultie, or rather Mundora, an outstation of Poolamacca, that night. Here Benediction began to show signs of having had about enough of it, and as he had con- tracted a very sore back, brought on by a lack of stuffing, partly of himself and partly of the saddle, I decided to leave him, and having arranged for the hire of a hone from Mr. Donoghue, the gentleman in charge, I pushed on gay and early for Packsaddle, an outstation of Gnalta, another twenty miks journey over very similar scenery to that traversed the day before, except that as I went on the country became dryer and dryer, and the feed at last so scanty that nothing short of a high- power binocular microscope could detect a grass stalk to a square mile. Packsaddle is so-called from a small semi-flat-topped hill close by,|which some imaginative person fancied looked like a packsaddle. Here I found Mr. R. Barry in charge, a typical old style bush- man of a school now, alas, fast disappearing, who laid himself out to cheer both the physical and mental man of the wayworn and now somewhat dilapidated-looking traveller whom fate had cast on his hospi- tality. Next day my start was delayed by the inspiriting information that someone had walked, or rather ridden off with my newly- borrowed horse, and it was not until 2 o'clock that Mr. Sydenham, the second in command, rode in with Moses. There was no help for it now ; Moses and I seemed destined to do the rest of the jour- cey in company. I got away about 3 o'clock, and reached Wonaminta Creek about 5, where I camped on the water, to give my plucky little pony a spell, as there was for a wonder a small quantity of feed near the water. The country in this dis- trict is just as likely looking for gold as any I have seen. The formation is the usual vertical decomposed slate, a little more deeply covered with soil than at Mount Browne, the surface strewn with broken quartz and ironstone, and the hills low and rounded with long sweeping gullies between. In some places numerous reefs crop out, but not very high above the sur- face. The quartz is not hungry-looking, but is stained with oxide of iron, and occasionally contains mundic or iron pyrites. This part of the country is well worth a trial, but I fear most of the returning diggers will be almost too "full up on digging " to care about taking much trouble in prospecting on the back track. About 7 o'clock I once more mounted and plodded onward on the most dreary part of the journey I had yet seen to Cobham Lake, distant, as I was told, about twenty-two to twenty- three miles ; before I got there I made it out to be about 222 miles or there- abouts, and Moses agreed with me fully. In a very short time I had got beyond the influence of the recent rain, and then the country as seen by the light of a young moon was wretched in the extreme. About three or four miles on I came to the camp of the first large party of back trackers from the diggings. They numbered about twenty, and had two drays and teams. They were "Sydney men," and had come round Wonaminta way for the sake of feed and water. They had camped where they were, not because there was any feed, but merely to give their horses a spell, and to give themselves time and breath to swear at the diggings and things in general. Nothing was too bad to say of the rush or of the newspapers which had induced them to go to it. One gentleman, whom I judged to be either a Spaniard or Italian by his accent, expressed himself— " At he only had a hoult av the (blank blank blank) prospecthor that tould people there was six fut sinkin' he'd cut off his (blank) ears, an' there was more av the byes av the same opinion." I endeavored to convince them that the press had almost unanimously warned people against rush- ing to Mount Browne, but without avail. So when they asked me what my occupation was, being a truthful man, who keeps a little hatchet always by him like George Washington, I intimated that I was a commercial traveller ; I thought it would be a pity to say anything that might make their "angry passions rise," because that would be wrong, and again I considered that perhaps the Italian gentleman might want to keep his hand in at ear-marking men, and if so my ears were rather handy. There were one or two sensible fellows in the company who told me that they did not condemn the diggings altogether, but that they had tried them and found they could not make a living there without water, but that should it rain soon they would return and have another try. One of them had a little gold, about half-an- ounce or so, the first I had seen from the new rush ; it was coarse, clean gold, and looked waterworn, but of that more anon. I plodded onward, my same little steed growing more tired each mile as we toiled over the heavy sandhills which were growing higher and heavier as we got into the Cobham country, till at length in mercy I got down and led Moses, first at each hill, but finally I quite gave up the idea of riding further. After all there was an advantage in having a small horse for such a journey, because it was not far to get on and down from him, and again when Moses could carry me no longer I might get down and carry him. Oddly enough the excellence of this plan did not strike me at the time, so I merely got off and towed the tired pony on towards Cobham. They had been telling me at Corona and Tultie that the wild dogs were very troublesome in the neighbourhood, I had however previously seen none on this journey, but as misfortunes never come singly, as if to make my misery complete, the confounded brutes chose this particu- larly auspicious occasion to seek an intro- duction. It was nearly 1 o'clock in the morning, and the moon was getting very close to the horizon. I was plodding wearily on, with a good haul on Moses's bridle, and feeling amiably disposed towards things in general. I had not seen a living thing for miles, when suddenly from a belt of scrub a great gaunt mongrel dingo with a strong touch of the kangaroo dog about him flitted silently over the soft sand, passing within a dozen yards or so. Deli- berately sitting down on the road behind me he attuned his soul to music with a howl that would have made the flesh of a re- spectable ghost creep, provided he had any. This delightful song brought several echoes, and in a few minutes I was followed by three or four of the nasty skulking cowards. I had seen too many dingoes to feel any fear of them, but the situation might have been more cheerful for all that. . To spring to the back of my gallant steed, dash amongst the open-jawed pack, and with, two or three well-directed shots from my trusty Derringer, lay the leaders low—was the last thing I thought of, simply because my gallant steed hadn't a gallop left in him, and my trusty Derringer was where the Dutchman left his anchor—at home ; be- sides it is only in American threepenny dreadfuls that picturesque heroes do this sort of thing. Now I was not a hero, and I wasn't a bit picturesque, so I just wor- ried on and wished my canine persecutors in perdition. Moses didn't seem to mind them a bit ; maybe he was more used to their pleasant company than I had been of late. Talking about these dingoes reminds me of something I heard on the way up. We were speaking of iguanas, when a man told me had seen some very large ones down in the Lachlan country, over six feet long he said, and very powerful in the jaws. He said he one day came on the tracks of a very large iguana, which were following those of a dingo ; soon after he found the skeleton of the dingo picked bare. I hate a man to tell a lie for a little thing like that. Had he said a bullock it would have been a story worth telling. Any way there were no iguanas about that night I suppose, for the dogs followed me all the way into Cobham, where 1 did not arrive till 2 a.m, I found the lake, which is about three miles in cir- cumference, surrounded with camp fires, and as I had come on it by no regular track I was for a time bewildered. However with the valuable aid of a half- awake blackfellow, whose camp was the first I happened to strike, and who from his blanket pointed about three parts round the compass, informing me that the public- house was "over there," I found Blore's Hotel, and was delighted to hear that I had got in in time to intercept the mailman— which I had been pushing on to do—and so get a letter to Wilcanna to be thence tele- graphed to the Advertiser and Chronicle. A couple of judiciously-supplied nobblers induced the man to wait while I scribbled up my notes, which accomplished I tumbled into bed fairly done up. . Next morning, what with sore eyes, a feverish cold, and fatigue, I was—in tbe vernacular of the district—rather "off my onion," Anglice unwell, and had willy nilly to lay up for a day, but thanks to the kind womanly attentions of Mrs. George Blore, the landlady, I was not in such evil case as I might have been. . Cobham Lake is not a very romantic spot by daylight or any other light ; as a matter of fact I have seen several prettier places in my travels. It is simply an unusually large claypan containing the usual whity - colored water common in freshwater claypans, strongly im- pregnated with gypsum. This water is simply horrid as a beverage, worse if anything than "fighting rum." Yon don't require milk in your tea at Cobham, the cup is well colored without. The lake is surrounded by barren sand hills, and close to the water is a straggling fringe of most forsaken-looking stunted box gums. Of grass or feed of any kind there is absolutely none, and the charac- teristic features of Cobham Lake are red sand and wretchedness. The animals about live on imagination, the memory of the past, and claypan water. They don't seem to thrive, however, for the shores of the lake all round are strewn with the skeletons or decomposing carcasses of cattle and horses. Needless to say the prevailing scent in the neighborhood is not jockey club. I often wanted to know where the Abomination of Desolation dwelt when at home. I know now ; its address is Cobham Lake, N.S.W. —at home every day. . Having obtained a fresh mount from Mr. Blore I pushed on for the diggings, distant thirty-five or forty miles according to cir- cumstances ; "humping your drum" it is fifty at least. For nearly twelve miles the road is over the same description of red sand- hills previously met with, and all as barren as a brick wall. Then the country changes, losing its stony and sandy character, and for miles the road winds round the shore of a vast swamp, now dry, and covered with herbage of one kind or other. After cross ing what I presume to be either the Evelyn or the Yango Creek, you come on wide alluvial plains, which an evidently subject to inundation at times ; occasional belts of scrub are met with, and there is plenty of good salt and cotton bush, and some grass here and there. Water can be obtained in two or three places in the bed of the creek, and the feed becomes gradually better till you reach the diggings. I met two large vans containing not lees than fifty to sixty retaining diggers, bound, so I was told, for Temora, from which place many of them had come ; and there was also a large number of men on horseback and footback toiling back despondent and wretched. It was pitiful to see some of these poor fellows, emaciated and with eyes bound up, groping their way along, or being led by a compassionate companion. I thought of more than one adventurous young Adelaidean whom I had heard talk- ing of throwing up a sung berth to test this far off goldfield, and came to the con- clusion that had one of them been with me that broiling day, and seen the sights I saw and heard the tales I heard, be would pro- bably have begun to consider how many parts of an out and out darn fool he was for his pains. Passing the western end of a curious range of flat-topped hills ending in a high steep bluff, a few miles brought me to the end of my journey for the present, Milparinka, on the Evelyn, where the principal business places are situated and all the washdirt comes in to be washed 