SUPERNATURAL INFLUENCES. [From the Liberal Review.] The avowed spiritualist who believes that the air is peopled with shadowy entities, conscious and active at the instance of their loves and sympathies, their dis- msec ana anupauues, ana reaay to respond to the beck and call of peculiarly gifted mortals, etands almost alone in solitary grandeur. The public generally seems to bait between the opinion that he is a charlatan and the opinion that he is a fool, though some merciful folk kindly admit that he may be merely a misguided enthu siast. The manner in which he materialises the supernatural, and the manner in which he establishes a means of communication between the seen and the unseen worlds, or, rather, says that he establishes, create ridicule and asperity in about equal propor tions. Even these who are most given to what is called superstition do not believe in the possibility of their getting on to talking terms, except in the dark and silent night and places remote from human call, with the phantoms whom their vivid imagi nations conjure up. No doubt they believe in a vague way,which they would be unable to define, that spirits, good and evil, accompany them in their daily walks, that spirits, gjod and evil, are perpetually endeavoring to fchape their thoughts and actions, that spirits, good and evil, brood over their couches at night and decide their dreams, and that, when they die, spirits, good or evil, will at once become visible to them, and transport them to the place in which their next stage of their immortal existence is to be passed. But the belief is accom panied by the conviction that their com munication with those spirits must be purely personal—that it can be participated in by no other human being—and that if the spirits ever deign to make themselves seen to or heard by them on this side of the grave they will do so when no one else is by and when darkness is brooding over the face of the land. They would not, probably, defend their peculiar faith, if faith it may be called, in the active properties of the invisible. It is more than possible that, under certain circumstances, they might go so far as to deny that they possessed it; they might even feel that they had it not. The ghost of murdered Banquo upset remorse -distraught and craven- hearted Macbeth at the banquet, but as a rule people are not accustomed to realise the profundity and possible nature of the unseen when they are sitting at the festive board, or when they are co- operating with others in the carrying out of a grsat enterprise, or when they are mingling with a gay crowd under a blaze of light. But the instinct, or faith, or belief—let it be called what it may—is there all the same. The true state of the case is generally brought home to them when physical or other causes are conspiring to unstring their minds, and they then occasionally become the victims of emotions by which, when the time for composure and confidence has arrived once more, they would be ashamed to confess, even to themselves, they had been animated. The fear of seeing—or perhaps it would be more correct to say the sensation that they may be about to see—they do not know what, something very different from any thing to which experience has accustomed them, comes over the highly-strung', ner vous, excitable individual at all sorts of times. He—we speak of a male, though the individual is as often as not a female is likely to be affected in the dreary inter val between midnight and early morning. He is sitting alone in a room, perhaps awaiting with impatience the return of some one. He has endeavored to occupy himself with writing or reading, but the reading or the writing have palled upon the appetite. The book and the pen may not have been actually thrown aside, but they are held listlessly, and he is more or less given up to morbid sensations. The embers of the dying fire falling from the grate almost startle him. He fancies that he can hear the furniture creak, and, per haps, his fancy is not altogether delusive, the house generally seems more or less instinct with strange noises, now and then he is half persuaded that he has heard a voice at his elbow, and it occasionally hap pens that he is induced to turn and satisfy himself that there is not somebody or something standing behind his chair. He is not exactly alarmed, possibly his pulse has not accelerated a beat per minute, but he feels very lonely, and, perhaps, realises how close, after all, may be the connection between the seen and the unseen. His sensations in that direction are likely to be strengthened, if the wind is howling dismally or thundering in boisterous fury outside the house, beating against the casement, and causing the tenement itself to shake. Now, he does not believe that he is the victim of supernatural influences. With the assist ance of a scientist, he could, probably, prove that his peculiar emotions are distinctly and directly traceable to specific causes— that they hare a by no means remote con nection with the state of his stomach or the state of his general health. But when this much is admitted the fact remains that he would be by no means astonished if he did really see something which he had never eeen before. A thunderstorm, espe cially if it occurs when all the world has sought sleep, and he is one of the few who are privileged to hear its roars and see its brilliant combinations of color, may affect him in a way somewhat similar to that which ye have described Now, as the ghostly idea, if not a ghost itself, is thus in the habit of presenting itself even to educated men of materialistic tendencies who are accustomed to pride themselves on their freedom from superstition, is it fair to infer that humanity will ever be cultured up to the point of declin ing to recognise the supernatural element in its application to daily life ? The white robed spectre, who used to be the terror of rustics, the pixey, and the majority of bogeys in which the commonalty of England had once a pretty general belief, have now lost their hold on the multitude. Bat the supernatural imtinct remains, though the more vulgar manifestations of it have to a great extent departed. It is questionable whether the onward march of science, and the effacement of much that used to be dog matised about, will be fatal to its continued existence. The probability is that it will survive all the forces arrayed against it. Nor is this to be deplored, so long as it is tempered by reason. It may make silly persons afraid to enter a dark place, and cause them to believe in tho romantic trash which authors publish, especially about Christmas time, in order to horrify the weak-minded and make bread and cheese for themselves. But a belief in the direct or possible unseen communication between the denizens of the other world and the so journers on this is neither enervating nor absurd, so long as it is not associated with theatricalism and credulity. Assuredly, it is so strong in many cases, and so wide spread, it often living where its existence is least expected, that it would be folly to ignore its existence. 