THE~MERCURY. I PUBLISHED DAILY. THURSDAY MORNING, SEPT. 15, 1881. As the speech of an advocate appearing for the plaintiff in the now celebrated caso of the Houso of Assembly v. tho Legislative Council, the address of Mr. GIBLIN may not bo a bad effort, but as the utterances of a statesman charged with tho Premiership of the Colony, it is equally unfortunate in the interests of his clients, good government, and his own reputation. It is painful to seo our public men quibbling over shadows, degrading prinoiplo into detail, lifting detail into principle, and seeking to cover what is now generally admitted to have boon 'à political blunder by a deluge of words which would do credit to Mrs. Buowx, should that estimable and long-tongued lady bo pleased to pçpress her opinions on the relative functions of the Lords and Commons. At this time, the language with which Mr. GLADSTONE closed his speech on the Bill for enlarging tho representation of the people may not be out of place on both hands and in both Houses :-" Qn ihji subjeoj men must become worm; it is hardly possible as wo advance in debato that wo should do other- wise. But I do earnestly' entreat and con- jure tho Houso on both sides to remember that it is not enough for us now to say, ' we aro ready to entertain the question of reform with a view to its settlement.' Enough, and more than enough, there has been already of bare, idle, mocking words. ,I)eeds are what are wanted, I beseech you to be wiso ; and, above all, to bo wise in time." . ? " _ Mr/ GIBLEÎ raises an abstract question of Con- stitutional law with 9 view of showing that in the conduct of public business tho Legislative Council has exceeded its proper functions. This is a very serious position to assume, for, accepting it to bo' true, it would bo impossible for him, with any sense of honour, to recede from the stand taken. Should tho position prove untenable, it is difficult to see how ho'can continue to hold tho reins of office. Mr. GIBLIN must bo fully aware, from past experience, that the Members of the Council are not easily frightened, and should they bo convinced that a falso issue has been raised, they may quietly stand by and leave him to settle tho matter with hiB colleagues and tho constituencies thp best way he can. In either case, there is an absence of that dignified patience and forbearance so essential to gentlemen having the responsibilities of Ministers of the Crown. As a study of words, Mr. GIBLIN lays great stress upon the distinction to be made between the Constitutional and ]sgai aspects of political life. In aid of his conten- tion, FBEEJIAN, the historian, is cited. But his witness, called to bless, with Baloam-liko per- versity, curses him altogether. Does the PiiEMiBE think that the majority of eleotor« are so ignorant, or so incapable of measuring language, that they cannot detect the most trans- parent of fallacies? FREEMAN states distinctly thatthe Constitutionalisbased on the firm founda- tion of the written law, and that any broach of the written law on the part of the officers of tho Crown involves the discovery of means for getting rid of thom I The lawyer's shrewdness was sadly wanting when such a quotation was put into the Bpeech. Practically, what difference gan the learned gentleman make in the terms he wishes to oppose to each other. " Legal, according to law, legitimate, constitutional, chartered," are expressions carrying one and the same meaning, except when the exigencies of State officials require the doubtful expedient of forced constructions. The definition concerning Money Bills appears to be another rock on which the PEEMIEE is anxious to strike. Is there no distinction in Parliamentary usage between Bills making grants to Her MAJESTY, and Bills affecting tho material development of the Colony, in which the money voted is but a secondaryiteraj Strictly speaking, the Bills bringing about the present rupture ore not Money Bills, and if the Council cannot consider whatimprovements could be effected in a scheme of roads and works, it is hard to understand what purpose can be answered by the incorporation of such a body in the Constitution. In the question under debate the Council may have taken a wise or foolish course, but as the custodians of their I own rules of business, Members can scarcely be taken to book on such a pur»)? routine issue. So far as the Assembly know, the Bills will not bo altered to the amount of one penny in money, or ono inch in matters of deviation. Should the Bills become more workable measures, surely the Assembly would not object. Should thoy be rejected in their entirety, it will not be contended that the Council has exceeded its power, however much it may have outraged public opinion. If Mr GIBLIN desires to blot out the Upper House, a Bill for that purpose would test the'mind of the Assembly and the judgment of the electorates. Unfortunately st this juncture Mr. GIBLUT has raised an imaginary ghost for the sake of a fight, and when revealed to tho light of day the aspect, were it not for the seriousness of the issue, would be exceedingly comical. In the course of his speech Mr. GIBLIN dwelt much on points of precedent. Following the beaten walk of Colonial statesmen, forsaking step by step tho pathway of common sense, he had repeated visions of the House of Lords and the House of Commons-the Council must follow the Peers, the Assembly the Commons. The conclusion scarcely follows. May not Colonial Parliamentsbo regarded asbeinginthe formative age, not servilely following, but gradually acquir- ing, by the force of circumstances, whateveris good, rejecting whatever is unsuitable, ¡n tho Constitu- tion of established nations. In this point of view, where does the precedent como in-which shall be accepted, which rejected 1 By a statute of 25 Edward HL, it was enacted, " that no i taleage or aid shall be taken without the good- will and consent of the Archbishops, Bari«, Barons, Knights, or Burgesses, and other free men of the land. " "It was some time before the Lords and the Commons were placed apart fa separate chambers, and made distinct Councils, each guided by rules, and performing duties of its own, as we now find them. At first they eat together in one Assembly; and although the laws that they made applied io the kingdom at large, each body taxed itself, and had no voice in fixing what should be paid by the other." Tho parallel is so difficult to find that the adjust- ment of precedents is an extremely awkward one, capable of cutting any way. Fine feathers may make fine-looking birds, but colonists do not desire a House of Lords, but a Council of ra«, .c&pable; of bringing more than ordinary intelligence and good judgment to bear upon the government of the land, However inopportunely, the consideration of tho utility and value of a second Chamber formed a considerable item in Mr. GIBLIK'S manifesto. All sorts of schemes have been sug- gested, and til» PBEMIEB refrained from any original suggestions or proposals. As an abstract principle, it is difficult to justify the. existence of an Upper House ; as a matter of fact it exists ; and the real question is narrowed down to the enquiry of the best method for making it useful There is much to be said in favour of a dissolution on equal terms of both Houses, and should the proposed Constitutional Act come to anything, were the whole of the member* of Council to resign, with the inten- tion of ? meeting again' a« an entirely new body, it might be regarded M M exceedingly 'graceful act on* their part. On tho other side, anything which* looks uko coercion on the part of the Assembly cannot bo too strongly deprecated. " Of all principles," remarks MILL, " on which a wisely conservative body, destined to .moderato and regulate democratic ascendancy, could possibly bo constructed, the best seems to bo that exemplified in the Roman Senate, itself thomost consistently prudent and sagacious body that ever administered public affairs. Tho deficiencies of a democratic Assembly, which represents the general feeling, aro tho deficien- cies of the public itself-want of special training and knowledge. The appropriate correct!', o is to associate, with it a body of which special training and knowledge should ho the character- istics. If one House represents popular feeling, the other should represent personal merit, testod and guaranteed by actual public service, and fortified by practical experience If one is tho people's Chamber, tho other should, bp the Chamber of statesman ; a Council composed of all living public mon wfyo have passed through important political offices or employments." It is needless to prolong this diaoussion, Tho Houso of Assembly cannot live much longer, and by reason of ago it would bo woll to allow it tq die a natural death- When Parliament re- assembles, it may transpire that acting strictly within legitimate limits tho Council has strongly endorsed, and not meddled with tho proposals of the Govornment. Should auch a happy lot STTi5>t til? Administration, it may bo hopeç} our rulers will feel both able and willing to carry on the Government and business of the Country, without seeking to cover their wounded reputa- tions for political sagacity by tendering their resignations to His Excellency the GOVEIUÍOR. The s.s. Rotorua, which arrived here yesterday from New Zealand ports, brought files of New Zealand papers from the 2nd to the Stb iqst, As wo antioipated, the arrival at Albany of the R.M.S. Hydaspes, oonveying tho inward English mails, was reported yesterday morning, a message being received from Melbourue by the local Telegraph department at 11*15 a.m., stating that the mail steamer reached Albany at 2 a.m. yester- day. She has made » capital passage, being 19 boars in advance of contract time. The mails per tho Hydaspes should bo delivered at Hobart on Thursday morning »oxt, We understand that since tho Melbourne Inter- national Exhibition numerous orders have been received from Victoria for oarfc shafts and felloes, made of Tasmanian blue gum, and that large consignments have also been forwarded to Adelaide. The value of this wood has also been recognised by a coashtmilder in this city, who considers it equally as strong and durable au the English ash, and has used it for under carriages apd other work in con- nection with coaohbmlding, for which he pre- viously obtained the imported wood. Of the judging at the Adelaide Exhibition tho Register says :-" Generally Bpeaking, this gives rise to an immense amount of trouble and dissatisfac- tion, but the arrangements have been carried out almost without a hitch. The promoters hit upon the novel plan of allowing the exhibitors themselves to appoint the great bulk of tho jurors. Where there was little or no competition this course cauuot be regarded as altogether satisfactory, but where several persons exhibited in the same department there was little fear of a juror Btrongly prejudiced in favour of one exhibitor as againut other« being selected, 'foo proof of thy advantage of the arrangement lies in the result. The judges have performed the task entrusted to them expeditiously, and there is reason to believe that, on tho whole, their docisjopp aro unchallengeable. The list of the jurors was published tor the f{rst ¿imp on the lQth August, and now, little moro than a fortnight after that date, we are able to announce that the judgments have been completed and tho awards made. With two or three exceptions ti)ese awards have been cheerfully acquiesced ia by the exhi. bitors, the proportion of protests being much less than usual at shows of an international character." This is in striking contrast to the manner in which the awards were made at Melbourne. By the s.S. Southern Cross, whioh arrived on Monday last, Mr. Thomas Dillon, of Davey-atreet, who reoently visited the manufactory, received two blocks of artificial stone, manufactured, according to Mr. B. H. Stone's patent, at Brighton, Victoria. These stones-a block of strlng-cours» and a quoin are composed of sand and lime, with a small per- centage of calcined clay, the whole being ground to a fine powder by a Chilian mill. Chemicals are then introduced and the loose material forced into wooden moulds, where they are allowed to dry, and are afterwards hardened by boiling by steam power. The stones, which may be seen at this office, are of a white colour, much resembling free- stone, and aro vory highly finished, the quoin beiug paneled and the strinc-Btono ornamented by piping work. It is Mr. Dillon's intention to import a sufficient quantity of this artificial stone to complete a houso front, in order to provo its durableness. We may mention that each stono is fitted with an iron ring to facilitate its being moved about or placed in position when building operations are being carried on. Like all new inventions, thh) one will have to stand the test of prejudice, and prove its power to withstand the action of the weather. It ia stated that it oau be produced st an exceedingly email price, and the fact that it can be moulded to any shape would obviate the expense of working and cutting it. It is impossible now to express au opinion as to the quality of the stone, but if it should prove a suc- cess, it will oertainly be a great improvement upon the bricks and ttacco now so generally used. Mr, R. D. Holroyd bas, we understand, purohased the patent for Tasmania, and the stone will be manu- factured at Hobart and Launceston, Mr. R. M, Johnston desires us to correct an error whioh appears in his letter published in our issue of Tuesday last upon " Migratory Salmonoids in the Derwent." In lines 31 and 40, for "ova" read " ova mass," Mr. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. S. S. Travers, J.P., adjudicated at the Police Court yesterday morning. A drunkard was fined «5s., with the alternative of seven days in gaol; and Edward McMillan, for dis- turbing the peace, was similarly treated, Catherine Lynden was charged with disturbing the peace, but on the application of Mr. Superintendent Pedder was discharged. Mr. Pedder informed the Bench that the defendant bad deserted her family, and for the past four days bad been staying at a publichouse drinking. The children received aid from the Benevolent Society, but otherwise were left to care for them- selves. They had to sleep on shavings, with scarcely any Covering, &L-.; Pedder asked for the woman's discbarge, as ebp had no money to pay a fine, and if Bhe was sent to ' gool; her children would have no ' one to look after them. Mr. Tarleton requested Mr. Pedder to communicate with the father of the children, and inform him that be would have fe? provide for his family. Richard Kearney, mate of the brigantina Marie, was proceeded against by Captain Robinson, of that vessel, for refusing to do duty on board the Bhip after having signed au agreement to serve. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Captain Robinson stated that on Tuesday morning he ordered his mate to get the vessel ready for sea, and to haul her away from the wharf, at the same time giving him certain direction as to tho way he ahoujd do BO. These directions the defendant disregarded, and when the captain insisted on such beiug done he became abusive, and threatened violence. The Police Magistrate said that defendant had been proved guilty of tbo offence be was charged witb, and would be soutenced to be imprisoned for four weeks. George BHs», alias Grady, was charged on the information of D.C. Delaney, with being on the premises ot Mr. Rumney, Liverpool-street, with intent to commit a felony. The evidence of Mr. Rumney, ^ud the servant at his house, went to show that on the 27th ult., the prisoner attempted to break into the house by getting through the window of the room occupied by the servant. The noise he made jp so doing aroused the servant, wbo went t|0 Mr. Rumney's pom'and informed hw of the fact. The' prisoner callod a witness to endeavour to prove that he'was at his lodgings, at a place kept by a mau named Parker in Campbell-atrcot, but his evidence broke down. Ho then asked for an adjournment jn .order to produce other witnessf*, His request was granted, the case being postponed uutil to-day (Thursday). The annual rifle competition for the Volunteer Champion Medal will take place on Saturday next, the 17th inst., at the Sandy Biy rule range. The shooting commences ai o 30 a.m., and will be con- tinued'throughout the day until coajcleted. The ranges will be the usual "Queen's" ranges, vi;., 200,500, andÇOOydB.; seven- Bhots" at each range j and the targets. Hythe regulation. The competition is confined to tho marksmen of the ypar, and there will bo in all 41 competitors ; of these H bolong to the Northern division. Luncheon will bo provided on the ground for the competitors, sod in the even- ing they will bo entertained at a dinner given by the officers of tho Garrison, at the Military Barracks. The lyorihern cotnpetitors will arrive this evening, and the ranges haye been placed at their disposal for practice to-morrow morning. The first anniversary of the Loyal Grange Lodge Pride of the Derwent was celebrated by a tea meet- ing at Glenorchy, on Monday evening last, the Lodges Hearts of Oak and Glory of Exeter being represented upon the occasion. Mr. C. D. Hay. wood was the caterer, and, after ample justioe had been done to the good things provided by him, a public meeting took place, at which W. M. Bro, George Pearce presided. After devotional exercise, and a brief address by the Chairman, the Secretary read the annual report, which congratulated members upon the continued success of the Lodge, which exceeded their anticipations, and was due, in no small measure, to the harmony that existed be* tween the officers. He further stated thai there ara noir four Lodgts of the society in Tasmania, and it was hoped that btfora long st Grain) Lodge would bo formed. Tho Pride of the-Der- went Lodge had only been established -about 12 months, bat strenuous efforts continued to bo made to increase its number of members and pro- mote ila welfare'; and the preliminary difficulties ami expenses having been overcome, it was now in a fair way to permanent prosperity, and it was hoped that on their - next anniversary they would meet in thcirownlodgcroom. TheSecretary took occa- sion to thank tho members of tho other lodges for their courtesy and assistance to him upon all occa- sions, and W. M. Bro. Propsting, of Lodge ICO, returned thanks for the compliment. The Rev, Bro. Gould gave a rcadicg, and some selections having been rendered by tho choir, Mr. Shoobridge expressed his sympathy with tho society» The Warden (Mr. W. Murray) also addressed the meeting, and the Rev. Mr. McUowall congratulated tho district upon the establishment of an Orango Lodge and the rapid spread of Orange principles. The Rov. Mr. Mooro omi Mr. H. Bilton also addressed thoso present, and after readings and music by other ladies and gentlemen, including Master Bellrttc and Bros. Hornsby and Bozen, tho preceedings were concluded by sing- ing the National Anthem, Thp Campbell Town Amateur Dramatic Club gave an entertainment on Tuesday evcuing at Kean's Assembly Room, which proved highly attractive, and-was very largely nttendod. C. V. Bridgeman's three act drama, ¡¡¡/¡¡/»nates, was tho first piece, whioli included the follón ing dramclis pereono: Col. Eversley, Mr. Norman Nicolson; Charles Eversley, and Fr ink Chumleigh, Mr. P. Pitt and Dr. Naylor; Sir Henry Softon, Mr. C. Pitt; Beagart (a lawj cr), Mr. P, Power; Fleming (a sailor), Mr. F. Keach; Deborah Eversley, Miss Mason; Jeannie Eversley, Miss Fletoher; Edith Coulthurst, Miss A. Mason. The noting of Mr. Norman Nicolson and of Miss Mason was perfect, and would bave done no discredit to professionals. Tho other ladies and gentlemen a'f° acquitted themselves admirably, and succeeded in eliciting much applause, A laughable faj-e'e, entitled A B\lioup Attqck, was the afterpiece, and gave Dr. Naylor an opportanity of demonstrating peculiar histrionlo power. The net proceeds, to bo handed over to the Campbell Town Hospital, amouuted to close upon £15. Our Sorell correspondent writes:-Mr. George Cullen's string of siro entires were exhibited at Wednesday's stock Bale, His recent 750 guinea purchase, Coming thro' tho Kyo, was the observed of all observers ; whilst Handroyd, General, Lord Nelson, Black Prince, and Black Champion were greeted as old friends. Mr. Edward Kearney's Enchanter and Captain were on the ground, and looked as well BB ever. The New Plymouth correspondent of the Dunedin Morning lierait, under date Qth inat., holographs: Tho serious aspeot oi affairs at Farihaka has paused the authorities to bo on tho alert. Colonel Roberts and Mr, Hursthouse left on Sunday even- ing for Pungarcbu and orders were left for all the A.p, men in town tp proceed at once to bead quarters. Telegrams from Pungarehu and Rahotu last evening still refer to the natives fencing, and persons who arrived to-day who bad travelled through the district bear out tho telegrams. The natives aro fencing, and tho constabulary pulling down the fences, which the Maoris re-erect. No prisoners have been taken, pending orders from Wellington. _ A mounted patrol reports further fencing. It ¡B reported that 80 constabulary and officer« are to bo stationed at Te Parapara imme- diately. The Maoris say they do not care how many constables are brought to the front ; they are not frightened, but will commence fencing, and not be taken prisoners. They number about 600. Tho Chinese officials have themselves taken alarm at the export of spurious teas. A. proclamation has repently been issued in Foo Chow relating to the manufacturo of '. lie " or spurious tea. This pro- clamation was issued on April 2G, bat did not make its appearance in the settlement until the middle of June, and even now, the China Ma.il says, "we aro unablo to get a fajr oopy tljercof, ow|ng tq the sarqe, having Beveral of the Chinese characters ob-, iterated. As far as we can make out, the sub- stance of the proclamation is pretty much as follows :-' It having been ascertained that spurious tea is being manufactured in this place, and whereas the larger portion of the revenue of this port is derived frflm the duty on tea, it is not fitting or proper that spurious toa should be made. It has come to the notioe of this office Mil that unscrupulous dealers, brokers, and others, bave manufactured largely thereof, to the great injury of respectable merchants. Guards have been de- spatched to the various stations to Beize all spurious tea and to Btriotly examine all toa brought down from the country. At the east gate of the oity the lekin guards seized a quantity of the article in ques- tion, and at another place (name not given) nine loads (piculs?) were seized, which upon examination proved to bo false tea. AU of the spurious tea seized was ordered to be confiscated and burpt. Should no rigorous measures be adopted, it is hard to tell how far this illicit traffic might ex- tend, causing thereby great iujury to merchants and others. Orders have been, given to redouble the guardo and to exercise tho strictest vigilance to- wards suppressing this evil, and it is necessary that proclamations bo issued for the purpose of warning the soldiers, carriers, tea dealers, and others against dealing in spurious tea. This traffic is not to be allowed, and, as warning, this proclamation is issued for tho information of every one. Should, after this, any one be found to disobey this warn- ing, not only will the spurious tea be confis- cated and burnt, but the party so transgressing will be detained and sent into this offico for punish- ment.' " "Where are you going so fast, Mr. Johnson?" " Borne, sir, home ; don't detain me ; I havo just got a new bonnet for my wife, and I must deliver it before the fashion changes. The Sepretary of the Council of Education directs attention to tho scheme of examination for the Tas- manian Scholarships of 1882, -published in the Gazelle of the 13th inst. ' " " A public entertainment will he given in the Alli- ance Rooms this evening, by the United LO.G.T. Lodges of the city. The committee have been very busy getting up a flrst-olasi programme, oonBisting chiefly of singing and recitations by the members, and the result should be very satisfactory. A social meeting in connection with the Congrega- tional Church, Davey-street, will be held at the Tas- manian Hall this evening. Tea will be on the table at half-past G o'clock. A shooting match, for a gold watch and chain, will be held at the Gordon Highlander Hotel, Sorell, to- day. The new cantata, Daniel, composed by two popular American authors, will be produced for the first timp in Tasmania, at the Mechanics' Institute, on Tuesday evening next, by the United Wesleyan choirs. An entertainment in connection with th'e Excelsior Lpdge, LO.G.T., will be given at the lodgeroom to- morrow evening, The usual fortnightly concert, under the auspices of the Trinity Association, will he hejd to-morrow eveniug. The Rev. W. 0. Robinson will preach at Broad Marsh and Pontville on Sunday next. 