THE GUUINEA BOX. rt IN Two CHAPTERS. jt ClHATER I. i Nothing is more common in these days rc than to see advertisements at the libraries w of " a guinea box" to hire at this or that tr theatre for the evening. They probably In belong to shareholders who have agreed th to take a portion of their dividends in u that. shape, or to families who have got be tired of going to the play sooner than rit they thought they should, and are glad in to get back some portion of their luxurious investment. But in the days when I I Be was young such things were less common, and there wasa certain " guinea box" at in Covent Garden for which three or four st[ guineas were sometimes given by reason of the would-be hirers applying for it th contemporaneously on some popular bs night; for the box though holding only six, was an excellent box in the grand he tier, with a little withdrawing-room at- ru tached to it, where you could have re freshments in private, and those who in, were acquainted with such matters knew wi -that Box 16 at a guinea was a great bar- fat gain. Yet it was always advertised to ini be let at that price, and never by any th chance occupied by ics legitimate owners. p, The matter was openly discussed in play- gt going society at that time, but it had never co reached my ears when I was at school at Blackheath, at, never mind what date, but Ge during a certain December, in which my ,i father's lawyer, Mr Tredgold, sent me. an invitation to spend Saturday and Sunday liti with him in town, and accompany his lac family to the theatre. My uncle and guardian, Mr Ralph tot Tressillian, lived in the far north of he England, and I had no connections nor wl any friends in London, so that the thi proposition was even a greater treat than ve it would have been to most school boys. wa Moreover, it was enhanced by the fact Sh that Lucy Tredgold was a very pretty mn girl, whom I thought most charming, and me whom I believe was created to be my be bride-though in that case she had been an created a little too early, for I was but re sixteen at the time I speak, and she was im twenty-one. That, however, was the ifi only difference (though, of course, it had of always existed), that had ever hap- en pened between us; moreover, I was tall, Ti and tolerably mature-looking for my wi years, with quite a distinct line of fluff on my upper lip, and in my new tail-coat, Fr which I was to wear that evening for the sis first time, might have been taken, I flattered myself, for an undergraduate of Oi the University, or a gentleman Cadet at cii Woolwich, at the very least. ov My uncle Ralph was somewhat Puri- set tanical in his ideas, - and I had been wc brought up in his old Lancashire home pS with a strange mixture of strictness and in, laxity. I had been suffered to take my own. way,-that is, so far as country sports eq a..nd amusements were. concerned, -but had ru been forbidden those of the town. My th guardian, as it happened,.had an especial me objection to theatrical exhibitions of. all th sorts; so that, though I would not have had it known to Lucy for millions, this TI was the first occasion of. my introduction to a theatre. To hear me talk,' however, we .I flatter myself you would have thought I sti had.a seat in the "omnibus box" for years ; and, after all, it is far more reason- sa able that a young fellow should wish to represexit himself a little older than he sti is, than an old man should ape being ea young. In the former case it is a sort of natural defence, since inexperience and he simplicity are always looked down upon. bh The play which we were about to wit- sil ness "Hamlet," I was perhaps better ac. quaintedwith than any of the party. They consisted whollyofM rTredgold's family- em namely, his wife, three daughters (of d< whom my charmer was the youngest), and he a son, Gilbert Tredgold, of about twenty v, years of age. They were not giving to di reading, and (with one exception, which I be need not indicate), struck me as common- lii place ; but they were very kind, as was ca the host himself, and 1 enjoyed their hospitality very much. Mr Tredgold did ti not go to the play, having certain papers, fe he said, to look over. These were repor ted, however, by his offsprings to be only n newspapers. Papa could never by any Is chan.e, they said, be induced to move after dinner, and he only made business fa an excuse or stopping at home. ,Good ness knows I didn't want him to go, and should havebeen very wellcontent to have r corted Lucy alone. Yet, for all my teundresse for her, I looked forward to the play itself, I remember, with quite as much pleasure as to her companionship, which showed what a mere hobbledehoy . I was after all. o .We dined early and arrived at the theatre in good time, which gave us an opportunity of admiring the box with its drawing- room. So far as I knew, every box had this addition toit, but I learned a from what was said that this was not so, and that No 16 was a great bargain. 3t was next but one to the grand tier, and held four chairs on front and two behind t very comfortably. At first the ladies ccupied the former, but Gilbert Tredgold was very near-sighted, and, presently to my delight, Lucy changed places with him, so that I had her all to myself. The 1 dear creature was sublimely ignorant of thes plot of the piece (a rare thing in those days, when Shakespeare was much more acted, if not read, than he is at present), so that I had plenty to tell iher, and it was told (so as not to disturb the audience) in a very low tone. The ghost of Hamlet's father had interested me immenisely on his first appearance, but, as soon as this change of position was effected my interest in the drama began to fail. Xhe touch of Lucy's hand-for I yen turedtoplace my own upon it occasionally, :to emphasise my explanations-sent a -thrill through me such as a spectre could not compass ; and as to Ophelia, I felt that I had an Ophelia of my own, worth two of her, and that there would cer tainly be no necessity, so far as I was concerned, for her to go out of her mind or drown herself. -The play had not proceeded far when, to my great surprise, the door betweeoon our box and the retiring room was suddenly opened without noise, and in walked a lady of great beauty. She was tall and very dark ; her dress was much more splendid than that of any t' theTredgold young ladies, and I par tiou0rly noticed that on her jet-black hair, a-hich was arranged in a manner I liad neve'y before seen, there was a circlet of diamondb on which the rays from the chanridelier sparkled like fire. Shelooked neither to the left or right, but moved straight on with a majestic sweep of her white satin trait to tIhe chair on which I sat. I rose at once (for politeness was not among the extras at our Blackheathl Semi nary), and made room for her. She took the proffered seat rather coolly, as Ithought (butIwas totallyunacquainted with the manners of fine ladies), and with out even the acknowledgment of a bow. \- What was still stranger,sho tookno notice of thie Tredgoldi, nor they of her, They retained their seats and gazed on the stage just as though there had been no increase I s in the number of the occupants of the box. With regard to those in the front I row, I thought it quite possible that they or were unaware of her presence, though the sa trail of her satin dress upon the carpet cc had been quite distinct to my ear; but to the wonder was that Lucy herself seemed be unconscious of having a new companion co beside her. She knew,.however, I had risen, for sheainquired softly, so as not to vt interfere with the tones of the actors- m " What's the matter, Frank ? Can't you at see ?" fa She seemed to imagine that I was stand- di ing up to obtain a better view of the stage. bi " It is the lady," replied I, pointing to pc the new comer, who, of course, had her mP back-to me. on " The lady 1" replied Lucy, staring at ca her neighbour, as it appeared to me, very wi rudely; "I see no lady." tu , This.I thought ruder still. Perhaps the' an individual in the white satin had a quarrel lo with the female members of the Tredgold family, and this was their mode of show- th ing it. But, if so, why should she have hi thus thrust her company upon them? it Probably my astonishment, and even dis- on gust, showed themselves on my co countenance, for Lucy added severely : clc " Do not glare at the wall like that, Mrt th Garrard. You will arouse attention. I do wish you would sit down." I, I " Sit down," replied 1, in my turn, a to little annoyed ; "I can't sit down on the I. lady's lap, and there is no other chair." mi Then Lucy reachel out her fan and be touched her brother on the shoulder, and mm he left his chair and bent his head dowin iit while she whispered in his ear. I knew ag that she was talking about me, and not vie very pleasantly, but my whole attention was absorbed by the lady in white satin. qu She did not take the least notice . of the yo movement in the box, nor"of the perfor. no mers on the stage; but gazed straight let before her into a vacancy with a most sad and, as it seemed to me, the most self- yo reproachful face. I had heard of the impassive frigidity of the aristocracy, but, wl if that was their manner, I preferred that at of the middle classes ; her mute indiffer- mt ence seemed to freeze my very blood. Then some one took me by the arm and re whispered roughly : ge " What the deuce is the matter with you, th Frank? You have quite frightenied 'my sister.' ca It was Gilbert Tredgold, ivho had been th civil enough up to this time, though I fan- mi cied he had once or twice given himself airs di over me on the strength of his four years' seniority. He spoke to me now as a man ah would speak to a foolish boy who had been wv playing some prank, and I felt very so indignant. "I have frightened nobody," I replied, I "but I think it is strange-and rather rude- that no one has introduced. me to In this lady ; though indeed she has much .pr more to complain of it, if it comes to that, than I have." at "What lady ? You are dreaming Frank. Pc There's no one here except ourselves." "Hush," said I ; "she must hear every word we say, though she appears so ab- as stracted." ol "Just step with me into the back room," tl said Gilbert. w I followed him mechanically, my eyes still lingering on the silent lady in -white w satin. w He shut the door behind him. "Look a here,.Frank; you must not go into that a box again, nor into the society of my I sisters. You are not in a fit state." "Do you mean to say I'm drunk ?" " Yes, I do. Lucy thinks that it is-the a, excitement of the play, and it is well' she li does ; I don't wish to undeceive her." Pe I had.. his back against the door, and was si very -angry ; so was- I; but I was not h drunk, as he imagined. I should have b been very willing to try conclusions with a him in a " rough-and-tumble," but I b called to mind that I was his:father's n guest, and that any disturbance in the p theatre would be very distressing to his i family. o " You are very rude," I said, " and I am n not surprised at it since you can treat a c lady as you have done. But I don't want ( to make a row. I will go home to your n father and state exactly what has hap- t pened." g "You couldn't do a wiser thing," he v replied gravely; " the fresh air will re vive you. You can find your way out, I suppose." 3 I did not reply to that sarcasm; but I stalked haughtily from the room like Hamlet's father's ghost when he was I offended. I: went straight back to Mr Tredgold, I and found the old gentleman still over his s papers-the evening ones. " Good gracious ! are you all come back c already " he exclaimed, peevishly. :It was, perhaps, excusable, since the old i gentleman had hoped to have a qtiet even- 1 ing to himself ; but I began to thinkthat the family rudeness was hereditary. "No, sir," I answered, "no one has come back except me. I have been grossly insulted by your son Gilbert." "Stuff and nonsense !" he said ; "Gil bert never insults anyone. Whatever his faults, he is a most good-natured youbg fellow, though a little hasty in his temper. Now tell me what has happened. You look excited. 1 am afraid you took a glass of wine or so at dinner more than you hlave been accustomed to." That was very true, for at my Black heath school, wine was an extra, though politeness was not; but I certainly had not taken too much wine. My mind, in deed, was sufficiently clear to make me understand how important it was tb proie that I was sober. "No," saidI, "I was particularly ab stemious, Mr Tredgold. Observe the t long words I am using without making the least mistake. Give me anything out of the newspapers to read--the city article or the share list-and try whether SI am drunk or not." " I never said you wVere drunk, my good lad," said the lawyer, half amused, half touched, by my earnest pleading. : "No, sir ; but your son said it. I am Snot used to misbehave myself in :the presence of ladies, nor to be accused of Sdoing so. y "Come, sit down and tell me quietly Swhat happened, Frank." k So I sat down and told him all, not Somitting my own view of the cut direct it which had been administered to the oe strange lady by the members of'his family. t, " It is very curious," said he, when ic I had done; "but I acquit you, Frank, of e all imputation of h:aving been intoxicated; I also excuse Gilbert for having said it; t it was a very natural mistake forihim to \- have fallen into. MIy opinion is that you were in a state of great mental excite y, ment, produced partly by the fact of ed being at the theatre, and partly by the h- play itself, which gave your ideas a w. certain supernatural bias. You were:just ice in the frame of mind to suffer from an oy optical delqsion." : . " But do you mean to say I did not n see that lady in white satin?" pr " On the stage you may have done so. e: I don't know whether. they dress Ophelia to on the stage: (like Tilburina) in white satin, nowadays, but in' that box you se certainly did not see her. Now just go to bed, Frank, like a good fellow. You'll so be,better without it.. There's your flat to candle ; good night and pleasant dreams." se I felt the old lawyer was treating me very tenderly, since he had nothing but ,bhi my word to go uponi against (foi I had be admitted as. much) that of his. whole family; but I was by no.meanms amicably kr disposed toward them. " be In the morning, when I came.down to breakfast, every one was studiously sa polite to me and evidently determined to me make no allusion to what had .happened fri on the previous evenirg; at .times I tw caught Gilbert Tredgold glancing at me th with an amused expression, and then sh turning away with a sort of bloated look, m3 and his eyes half out of his head like a an lobster's. '.so If I had attempted an explanatiod I on think it would have been :the death of him, but I was not at all restrained from th it on that account. I was too proud to th enter anew upon any justifidation- bf'my ad conduct; and as to any apology, it was th clear' that it ought to' have dome from gr them. ' p Before I concluded my visit, however, an I did address a few words of remonstrance -bu to Lucy concerning the practical joke,- s his I termed it, which had been played upon me in the theatre, and to which she ;had he been an accessory.: I didn't care- abott it Bi myself, .I told her, so much, as I thought it unkind ; but that they should have all it agreed toignore the presence of their lady ch visitor showed, I thought, bad feeling. "Mly dear Mr Garrard," she said, with th quite unwonted severity, "T had- hoped you had made up your mind to say nothing about that unpleasant subject;. 'bi let bygones be bygones, I do beg." di I had no idea (at that time) that: a sa young woman could speak so sharply r th "Well, I never," said I, in a tone which betrayed, perhaps, my astonishment nI at her imprudence, for she replied still tl more tartly- an "Nor 1 either ; though, indeed, I have read in 'David Copperfield' of a young pr gentleman . misbehaving himself in a an theatre in a similar fashion." lu I remember, of course, that on that oe- b casion David had been intoxicated; and the injustice of the allusion hurt me very a much. I did not answer, but looked so distressed that her heart:melted. vi "Agnes was very much shocked at him," af she continued, with a smile ;. " but after- p wards, you know, upon. expressing-his sorrow, she forgave him." " " I think she even gave him a kiss," said to I boldly, but in a very tender voice. ti "I don't remember that," she answered, looking at her toes. " Agnes was rather b prudish in that way." T Which, of course, was an invitation ; hi and so ended very pleasantly' my ex- h perience of the Guinea Box for that time. tv CHAPTRa II. If it is true that.thereis "no such thing d as forgetting," it is certain that we so e often mislay the remembrance of things that it is almost as bad (or good) as though si we did forget. My adventure with the lady in satin g was certainly noteworthy enough, yet b week by week, month by month, it faded as her satin itself would have done, till in s, a few years after the thing had happened, I I could not have sworn . to 'the details as t when they were-fresh in my memory. I I met the Tredgolds from time to time, and .when a sly allusion; as sometimes ec happened, was made to the circumstance,: I, found myself replying :to their asp r sions with less and less vigour. I knew I 1i had i not been drunk ;I knew.I hadnot a been unreasonably excited by the play, and yet ,that much-wronged. lady in white became in a certain degree unreal eventob myself. It was still one of those ex- a periences that one cannot explain (and a which happen to more of us than care to n confass to them) ; but I no longer cudgled my brains for an explanation of it. The circumstance was still very strange, but e (which had not struck me so forcibly in t my boyhood) it was'almost "as much so 1 that a respectable family like the Tred golds should have treated a lady visitor with such riideness, and that they should make a jest of it. Seven years afterward, and when I had t just taken my degree at the University, I was dining with some friends atthe Oxford and Cambridge Club, one of whom happened-to propose a visit to'Covent 'Garden Theatre. As the office was closed, he sent out to the:librarian's for a box, and when it came he observed- - -: "By Jove, .this is a cheap business ; we have got the Guinea Box." He was a man about town, and knew . No. 16 ; but upon the'rest of us it' inade. no impression . . . After dinner we went up stairs to smoke, and consequently arrived at the theatre' at a late and fashionable hour. I chanceddtb be the first of the party, aijad on stepping out of the little room into the-box I turned and stopped the others. "We have made a mistake," I said; "there is some one in' possession already. "Oh, pohi 1" said' my friend, the man about town ; "we're all righlt enough. Do you suppose I don't know No. :161 ?" i"But there's a lady in it," said I, -'sit ting thelre alone." "Then '.let me' look at her," was the characteristic rejoinder. He pushed his I way in, and exclaimed, "VWhat lady '" As I spokle the words the whole scene a of seven years before recurred to me with a vivid distinctness. I saw the Tredgolds unconscious, wilfully as I had thought, !of \- the intruder's presence. I saw Lucy a touch her brother, and heardhim whisper I in that quick, remonstrantvoice', ";What t the duce is tlhe matter with you 1" Only y this time it was somebody else said it. r One of my companions had taken hold of my arm, and the rest were staring at mie y while I stared at the lady. "I have seen her before," I muttered; " it's the same person ; I could swear to n her among a thousand." " My dear Garrard, you're not well," if said somne one-it was Grantham, my college chum. "Just come with me, y anduhe led me into theante-room.: "But timhe lady 1" I said; " they have it sat down by her as though she was not at there." - Lo "There's no lady there ; you're dream is ing. That champagne at the club is nbt a sufficiently dry wine." m "What, do you mean to- say, as the of Others did, thmit I am drunk 1" ; " I don't know what the other people t; said. but if I did not know your habits I to should say youhad the deliriumf trcemens." u "It must be the box," said I in amaze ;o- ment -" tmhe box must-be haunted I" of "Very likely," was Grantham's grave he rejoinder. "Let's get out of the box and a into the openair." : int He led me unresistingly into the street, an and we walked around Covent Garden together, disussaing the' atter; ..I told ?" " ..,:?,: , ,? .:. , : .: • .1 , my friend what had happened on the previous occasion, and he pretended to to explain my present hallucination, as he co termed it, by the association of ideas. " You recognised the box, and then the we scene recurred to you." ha There was something in that (for the we scene had recurred to me), but not enough to shake the evidence of my own senses a wa second time. of " However, I don't want to make a row, mJ but 1 will sift this mystery to the very wh bottom." "de ' "Do," said Grantham, "and let me cl know what remains, if it's anything tra beyond a headache." -Whereupon 1 went to my lodgings and fox sat up half the night, with a cigar in my on mouth and my considering cap on. :in my an Friends' eyes I had made a fool of myself a twice in Box No. 16, and I was resolved ma that it should not happen again. Nor gri should this be effected by absenting myself from the theatre. I meant to ex- " amine into that box very carefully, and somehow or other to knock the bottom tec out of it. After breakfast next morning I call at "E the library, where, as I saw in the paper, no the " Guinea Box, at Covent .Garden was of advertised as usual, and requested to see the the, proprietor of the establishment. That great man, it seemed, did niot generally Be pit ih?anappearance ini'connection with at( any matter: under a, stall.for thleseason, ph but, neyertheless,:I gained admission to At his august presence. "Pray, sir,"' said I, "have you ever on heard any complaints of your- Guinea no Box 1" " Complaints 1" he said. " Far from it; it: is one of the best and by far.the a 4 cheapest I have to let." -se Thouglh his voice was firri, it struck me ve that his manner was a little- embarrassed. sa " When good things are cheap," said I, hi "there is generally a reason for -it. I sli have twice had reason to be very much wl dissatisfied with thatbox. A lady in white we satin is in the habit of intruding herself he there." I saw a sudden change in his face, which convinced me he was not hearing ur the information for the first time,. but he cu answered.coolly enough. m "If that is so, the box-keeper:is the in proper person to, apply .to ; and if she we annoys you, the police. I have not the bt Ihnour of knowing your: name, by -the th by," he added. be I gave him my card, and he looked at it attentively. hi " In a matter of this kind I cannot ad- di vise you," he continued; "it is not my affair at all. You must complain to the st people at the theatre." p " I have reason to believe," replied I, T " that that would be useless. I intend 51 to write to the papers to warn folks against P the Guinea Box." ec "Then you'll have an action for libel tl brought against you as sure as you live. The box belongs to a gentlemant of the 4 highest respectability and position, and has beei placed in my hands for those 5t twenty years." i S"And'am I to understand from you J definitely that, no such complaint has g everbeen made to you as I make to-day 1" "I decline to answer any such question, ii sir," replied the librarian. "Very good. Do you also decline to y give me the name of the proprietor of the c box." t "Well, you could find that out for your- I self by application at Covent Garden, but a I have no objection to save you that trouble. The box belongs to. Mr Ralph t Tresillian."' "What I of Windbarrow Hall?" ex- b -claimed I,-in astonishment. "Why'that's t my uncle." ii The librarian's face exhibited incredu- c lity,:not.unmixed, as it sedemed to me, a with positive alarm. - - "T had;a letter .from 'him 'this very n morning," said I, producing the envelope. s "You:recognise, I suppose, that hand- c writing. Now, since you know who I e am, perhaps you will be a little more com- h municative?" - f `-'No, -Mr Garrard," he returned, after a r pause; "I must consider my -duty to my employer; I decline to admit anything i that may tend to depreciate his property. s If yoe have anything to say against Box 16, say it to him." As my uncle's letter had contained an I invitation to Windbarrow for that r very week, I was not much discon- t tented with this reply. The librarian I :was only doing his duty, -so we parted on a good terms. I noticed that he looked at me with great curiosity, and even came to, the door of his establishment, and I watched me down the street. Hitherto a visit to my uncle's residence lhad not been very attractive to me, but I I looked forward to it now with great interest and excitement. It was a huge c mansion on the skirts of a Yorkshire moor, with.a moat round it without fish, and was half a dozen miles from every- I where. .The - place wanted at least a .dozen 1 guests in residence to make it cheery, and my uncle seldom saw any company E except at dinner. I found him on this ( occasion quite alone, and after we had I dined,.and a bottle of fabulous antiquity i had been placed between us, he began talking of the family property. "You are of age now, Frank, and should know -.something about it, for what is mine will be yours," and then he gave -me some hereditary information, which ought to liave been more attractive to me than it was. The amount of rental was interesting enough, but 1 always I hated what a phslosopher of my acquaint ance.calls ''disgusting details" of busi ness matters. When he had quite done 1 said, in my off hand way, " And then there's that box at Covent Garden." My uncle pushed his glass half off the able as he replied, " How on earth came you to know that Ijpossessed such a thingl What box ?" "Box 16-the Guinea Box, as they call it. I've been in it morethan once, to my sorrow;" and I told him in the simplest manner what I had seen there. "Your experience is very curious," said my uncle, drily, "but, of course, not inexplicable. It is evident that theatrical performances affect your nerves. Inever approved of them myself for other rea sons." "I am quite certain, uncle, that 1 ac t tually saw in Box 16 what I have just de scribed to you. Nothing will ever shake Smy cdnviction on that point." : !'Then we won't discuss it, Frank," was the reply. "Have you hadcenough wine ? e Very good. I have some letters to write, so I will leave you to your cigar, which I e remark with regret has become a , necessity to most young men." SUncle Ralph was not a person to be sub \- jected to cross-exanuiation by anybody, or to be induced to talk on any subject m that was displeasing to him, and after the d disclosure of his benevolent intentions -towards -myself, it-would have been the t, height of imprudence to offend him in any in: . way; so I said nothing more about the IA matter. After breakfast the next morning, much thi to my surprise, my uncle asked me to pal come with him into the picture gallery. tl~ " Some of your ancestors, I am told, ma want cleaning," he said, "and I want to Ga have your opinion as to whether it is worth while to go to the expense." the For my part, it struck me that a little eni washing would have done them all a world en, of good, but I was very careful to express per myself respectfully. When we had settled ati, which were to be sent to the picture cleaners, heo opened the door of a little j closet, and produced three or four por traits. " I have never been able to find room for these," he said, setting them one by one against the wall ; " in case you marry me and have a family, Frank, we must have al a new gallery built, to- What's the io matter ? What are you staring at your G. great-aunt like that for ?" 18E "That's the woman !" I exclaimed, We " that is the woman I saw in the box." "Pooh ! nonsense ! Because she's pain- loa ted in white satin ?" on] "No, no ; that is her face !" cried I. me "She looks happier in the picture, though me not more handsome ; she has not that look prc of pain and yearning that she had in the rs theatre. But that's the woman." FP "Well, that's your great aunt, Mrs' Barnard. I am bound to say there is a story about her in connection with the place in which you think you saw her.. 1n Are you sure you never heard of it ?" 1 "Quite sure," I said, with my eyes fixed on the portrait with a fascination I could not resist. ent "What 'did she do 1" "She ran away from her husband with a Captain Colville of the Guards. The scoundrel met her by appointment in that col very box, No. 16, and fled with her the same night to Brussels. Barnard followed him and called him out. They were both shot, and it was understood, thoughnone who knew her saw her afterwards,that the ne woman perished miserably by her own hand." "I have seen her," said I, confidently. "Well, I don't know," returned my Z uncle, doubtfully. "It is certainly very curious, and, since you have heard so much, I will tell you all. I put the picture in your way on purpose to see if you would recognise it ; perhaps I was wrong, but it is now easier to go on with the m' thing than to get out of it. Do you remem- re ber your cousin Frederick " M" "Frederick Parton? No, I never saw ot him, I only know that the poor fellow of died mad in India." "He didn't die mad; he died of sun stroke; but he was supposed by some fo people to be mad before he went out. 0o That was because he saw the lady in white he a tin in Box No. 16 at Covent Garden. V People who see ghosts nowadays, and especially in public places, are naturally thought mad." "But did you think him mad ?" I in quired. " No, I didn't. I thought there was something more in the matter than a mere delusion, from this circumstance; John Parton, his father, had seen: the ghost before him." Ii "Another witness !" exclaimed I; " it is most marvellous." " Yes ; and the testimony agrees with yours in one curious particular ; in both I cases there were people in the box with them, who didn't see it; but they saw it plain enough. The lady appears, it would seem, only to blood relations." "Did you ever see her yourself, uncle ?" "No; I never go to theatres. The box came into my possession from thePar tons, but I never used it. The librarian in.London knows the whole story, be cause your cousin Frederick made a row about it just as you did. That is why the box is let so cheap. He has it from I me for almost nothing, upon the under standing that only a guinea shall be charged for it. People ought not to be exposedto risks, however small, without having a corresponding advantage. Some folks, of course, would pay ten times the money for the chance of seeing the lady, but as a general rule, those who have hired a box expect to have it to them selves." This view of the matter would have tickled' me a good deal had I not been so personally interested in it. My uncle's notion that the apparition only appeared I to relatives seemed to be a correct one, but I made the whole affair more serious and tremendous. " I shall never rest, uncle," said I, "till I have fathomed this mystery. Perhaps the poor lady has some secret to disclose to us." " She'll never tell it to me." returned t my uncle confidently, "and if you take my advice you will not give :her a third opportunity of telling it to you. She was a bad woman and a disgrace to her family. Moreover," he added, as he replaced the picture in the cupboard, "the evil that she did lives after her, for she depreciates Sthe price of our family box." This style of talk, especially upon serious subject, was by no means in ac cordance with my uncle's character, and I I felt convinced it was affected in order Sto dispel any morbid feelings which his revelation might have aroused in me. As a matter of fact, however, curiosity I rather than alarm had the upper hand of r me. Ishould have liked to have start'ed for London within the hour and taken the Guinea Box at ~Covent Garden for that I Svery night. 1 Upon the whole, as, notwithstanding a my uncle's advice, I was resolutely deter \- mined on pursuing the matter, I thought \- it best to appear as indifferent as I could, Sand after awhile we dropped the. subject. a This was evidently what he wished to happen, for he never recurred to it again e throughout my visit. SFor my part, however, so far from for Sgetting it I thought of little else, and when the time came for my departure'had 11 laid down a plan for my interview with y the white satin. I had two cousins- it both descendants of hers-in London, one clergyman a and one a barrister, and I determined to enlist the assistance of the t church and the law in investig atingthe al matter. I would invite my .kinsmen to er the Guinea Box and see what they a- thought of the family ghost. I left for London by thelmail train on a .c- date (March 5th, 1856,) which many have e- cause to remember, and all through the ke night, as the swaying train sped through the darkness, I was making up my mind as what to say and do when I nextcame into al that supernatural presence. te, It was a ghastly night journey, and 1 made more so by the fact that as we drew a near London the lurid glow of some vast conflagration filled the eastern sky. Too ab- much occupied with another subject, ly, however, to muake any onquiries about ect the fire on our arrival at the terminus, I the went straight to my lodgings and to us bed. the Before breakfast next morning thy first my act was to leeook in the newspaper to see the whether the Guinea Box was to be let for that night. The adverti~e~ert was there as usual, but in the body of the paper there was a piece of intelligence that contradicted it in a very decisive manner-" Total Destruction of Covent Garden Theatre by Fire." The previous night had been that of the famous masked ball with which its entertainments had been brought to an end for ever, and with it, of course, had perished No 16 and all hope of explan. ation of its mystery.-Corshill .agazinei 