THE MYSTERY. OF CHAPTER IV. MAJOR MOLINEUX Br MABCUS CLARKE. Is another instant i was at the tad of the stairs, but paused in my onward flight, for the sounds 'issued .from the room occupied by Beatrice and her mother. lbs. Rochford was lying on the •floor senseless. Ringing, the bell furiously, I raised her to; her bed, iwd, with the .assistance; of the old; woman, whom the cries of the un-. aappy lady, not less than my imoortunate summons, had brought to. ihe spot, I succeeded m restoringaer to consciousness. Her firstwords were: "Is.it gone f "What?" I asked " The white lace at the window I"' tad Mrs Rochford. " That implonng, maddened face!" "What can she mean ?" I asked llary Penmthome, but the old woman, moping and mowing, made* no reply "See, madam," I said, flinging Tide the lattice, "the storm has.: passed, and with it the cause of your alarm. Some leafy branchlet: earned by the wind, perhaps eyen.-. some more wrathful gust than, usual, has, while rousing you from p, given form to ; a. passing, dream. Look, the sky is almost cloudless ' And, in truth, the tempest had, during, the time we had been occupying ourselves with the frightened woman, quite passed away. The scene was one of exquisite psacefulness.., The clouds had almost withdrawn, and the wet trees" sparkled in the beams.of a glorious moon, which rode high m a serene Heaven All felt the influence of the^scene.^Beatrice, .-sunk in' iter stupor, alone was ignorant aljkfi" of lounds and sights ; but her mother composed- herself with a r.smile at ler former fears, and, as I sought my comfortable couch, I felt that scienceand sentiment alike bid me laugh.; &t;the ungrateful fancies r which> an: atmosphere surcharged with, elec-: taeity could breed in A brain usuallyBO cool as mine. Tiie excitement of the day caused ffle to sleep longer than my wont it was nearly eight o'clock nhen I awoke. I discovered by- ^ hot water jug, with its carefully: placed towel, that the rude valetage: of Bagally had already been exercised in my chamber, and, before I •m completed my toilette, the old" : arrant mtroduced himself with the compliments of his master, and in- ! formation that breakfast would h ready for us in half-an-hour. J G a Ptam Rochford khad already wnved, and with him I visited the «room. Beatrice was still insensible, but Mrs. Bochford was n P. and dressed. Rochford-laughed " her story 0f the ghost, and, Gathering courage from my assuranceihat'the patient was -progress-; ^g" favourably, we went down to _ toeakfast m omethms lake good spirits Major Molineux received,ns with' Wore than courtesy. Me lamented we accident, but trusted that % m^elf, ^ of a surgeon »o well knofcn as' ana the careful attention of J mother BO devoted as Mrs. Roch- ™uld soon restore lis fair guest toher wonted health, I'm afraid," he said, as he as- !®ed us to the dish, before ham, mat my poor house is but .-a gloomy place for a convalescent,' antl i tiust that Miss SocMprdls «®valescence may be early. - 'Suck ™ are tlie resources of the plaec, ao^ever—command them. I' regtet that I was, unable to render any personal'assistance yester- day, butd must compensate for my. enforced neglect by, devotisg myself to ail your sendees' during fhe next few days " The language was of the politest, but there was JIO mistaking its meaning. Bocijford and I* looked at each, other. It was quite evident that-Major Mokneus. did not desire that we should pass another Thursday under Ids roof. ' "Itrust that MissBochfordniay be able to -travel to her own homte before this day week," said I, somewhat pointedly. "In the aneantune, let me thank you for" the courtesy witli which we were received, and ^especially ibr the hospi- The hand with which ihe Major! was hffcmg tlie tea-cup to bis Lps irembled • slightly, but lie said, merely, "It- was a wild night—a 'night of-storms. I .trust you were nbt disturbed." "I was most terribly disturbed," said Mis. Rochford—I think I iave said that she was not a woman of inuch force of character, or quickness of apprehension—-"I had the; most shocking dreams. A white 1 face at the window—" Nonsense, Mary," interrupted Rochford; "you were nervous." " There is no one m the louse butmyself and the two servants," saad tiie Major, wlio had completely regained his composure, "and I am sure neither of them would .have! the temerity to disturb your slum- Pray," he added, turning in stiff condescension to old Bagally,, " have you been amusing yourseli. by terrifying my guests Tide old man seemed dumbstricken. He tried to speak, but: words failed him. Lifting up his hands with a gesture of terror, he i made for the door, and,fturning as he went, displayed again that wolflike savagery of aspect, the which I : had obse ved on the previous night. "A curious fellow," said Major Molineux," cracking the shell ofhis egg, " but faithful. An old convict, of course. I have touched some tender chord, perhaps." Perhaps he had, for Dame Pen-, nithorne waited upon us duiing the, rest of the meal and even brought : the Major his cigar- case when we: found ourselves in the dilapidated • but spacious verandah, prepared to seek the solace which, m those days, was supposed to lie in Manilla tobacco. The conversation, of course, was pf the accident audits results. The prospects of the patient's recovery the punishment to be meted out to the self-indulgent bullock-duver, the quality of Sultan's temper, and iheequestrianskillofMissRocliford, were all debated in turn. A learned discussion was held upon fracture of the skull, and I was compelled to illustrate as best I mighttlieoperation-roftheitrephiiie. At last exhausted with surgery, and convinced that he was thoroughly competent to treat a similar case should he ever meet with one,. Rochford betook himself to visit. the scene of the accident, and left to alone with our host. Major Molineux seemed uneasy He got up and paced the broken: tiles of the piazza floor, talked of twenty things in a, breath, and flung awaj his half-consumed cigar, only to light another an instant after. _ _ : " You are restless this morning, 3 '; I -said, willing to gain, if I could,; some / information concerning ilie mysterious seclusion of yesterday : "Did you not -sleep well ?"< Oh, yes," returned the Major,- indifferently," I slept well enough,"; and then lie fixed his eyes on the; wall behind me with that strange stare of which. 1 I Tiave already spoken, and wiped fiom his brow, some large beads of sweat which e; had suddenly appeared there. "I seldom sleep very soundly.' Indigestion, I suspect," I continued, m a careless tone "A man, who eats -enough for two people at. ' about midnigMwan^earcely-wondeE if lie suffers from nightmare." | "With a visible effort my inter-^ locator witlidrewliisgaze fromspace,. and looked-me in the- eyes. f " Then you saw Bagally with the iray^' <said he. "I am ashamed of my voracious appetite "lie added, with ^n attempt sat a smile, '"and try to laugh myself out of m^ cluitonj Ly deinonstiatiug to my Actual ^vision-that I do, in .fact, partake of a double portion of bod." *T> *•-"* » 11 "Your notion is ingenious, but I fear that you »J3 II'TVI c^tct a -cure by its means. !Let me^feel your pulse, 5 " *Se gaye'me'hiswrist JChe .hand was liot and -dry, 4-he; j>ulse^uE- and-9)ounding , I'^Esoll write you^a littlfe^presergp&n; which libraij. "These," ^8aid«,I',rioldi-ng Jfchp rixpt; "though-a-%awAVooil- wile and Sowerby on your shelve 1 doubt if you art fully acquainte 1 with the virtues of'the lily tribe." "You have been among ^ny books, "then," aid the Major, looking; round. "I have, and; .am,surpnsed. to find so excellent a collection of works in—pardon me for saying at —so unexpected a place.'^ * "Books are my only companions," isaid Major MolineUx, and/ as hie spojke, he seanned the table a little nervously, as though to see which of the Volumes had attracted" my attention. ' Determined to penetrate the secret which I was now convinced existed I pressed my advantage. "I see thai "you* study tlie higher mathematics. This calculation on the" - variation of parameters is not made byascliool-boy, while here"—and I' lifted from the table a skeet ofpaper—"is something headed, 'Pro- -i bability that an event observed seve- r-al times m succession depends upon a eause which facilitates its reproduction,,'" in which the calculation is made by finding the -equation of 1 the logarithmic curve." Major Molineux changed colour,: and took'the paper from my hands ' " I did not know that I had left the s iecords of my folly thus carelessly; exposed," |aid he. "The fact is that I have always been a lover of ? anything which approaches an exact, science, «nd the calculation pf probabilities is a fascinating subject. I am foolishly fond of it,"; and, as he spoke, he tore the paper - into pieces and flung them into the ; basket at his feet. Some men say that mathema- - tieians are mad," I said. " If this be so, you liave the antidote as; jvell as tlie bane, for seldom have I seen, even in the libraries of my professional brethren, so fine a collection of works on Mental Dis-: case .-as'dhat :^hich; I examinediast jnight.' Ihadgone toofarforhispatience. . "Doctor Fayi-e," said he, "you are my guest, and my house is at yourdisposal so long as the illness o E my old friend's daughter compels you to remain in it; but let me remind you that an old man who lives by choice a recluse may have sought such seclusion, in orderthat: he might be spared these very comments upon his private tastes which you have just been pleased to make," and, bowing stilly, lie left the room. CHATTER V. HE-did not appear that day, nor. at breakfast the next morning I felt that I deserved the reproach which his absence conveyed, and; was angry with myself for having so far permitted my curiosity to outrun my discretion. But the more I reflected upon the cn'cum stances of the case, the more convinced did I become that Castle Stuart held within ts walls some mystery of mind or body upon the like of which it was not given to man to frequently look; and, despite the Major's rebuff and my own self-consciousness, I resolved not to abandon my quest In pursuance of this resolution I sauntered out into the garden the next afternoon, thinking to fall in with the old servant. I was not disappointed i found him standing in a little glade, oi opening in the brushwood, staring with all' his might at the upper windows of the ; kousfe. " What interests you ?" I cried,; taking a guinea from my pocket "Can you,not spare ;time for a Jv little friendly chat ?" He looked nervously about him, pocketed the gold pieee, and, pointing to a coarse patch of verdure sat his feet, whispered.: " It was here he did it." " Did what f asked, " Cat his throat," said the old man, " and they buried him liere, with a stake through his heart. But that can't hold him:" "What -do'vyou. mean/man ?" I masked, experiencing a fresh access 'of horror at ,-this 'hideous and unexpected .story. "~Wio is buried* here?" " Sayaiy,ihe forger; him las found his wife gone as well as his liberty. This .va,-. vhPii ho f>»v ihojp •vrsikjng. The ^Captain was a .handsome man, and Mrs. Sarary had been a bciutv, tla > n She ditd mid for all "that," and 1 lie laughed the discoidrit laugh of one Tvhose ex pene'nee- of_ 'Me has Tseen of-, the sort to make lirn lijoicr m othrib' Woe.\, = t ^ r - > „ brother-in-law. 1 dea^toojind iviv'irv -vill soon sen them t ll out "Do^Ms ghost walk ^en J" f asked -attemptingyiaangn,;but..the, day w.i«! cloudy, -and a.coid nil id him last^nlght. , .Listen. ' sTwo; years ^o'lI^aB'sittin^p'with, mm n l i i old' hag in the' kitchen, when J heard the dooi'-beli. It was blow-"" ing a storm like it was last nighty' ..and ihe wind went -shrieking iiound' the "house as if it wanted to get in and^ tear,ns. It was the Majors 1 Thursday, -and J daren't go near; him for my soul. I crept to the door, thinking some traveller Tiad got out of his track, for no one who knew us would come to Castle Stuart; but before I could open it there was an awful screech, and something went whirling found the; house like a pack of dogs. I heard' themibellowmg^dvgruntingin;the : back, -and ran upstairs to look. I looked out of that window"—he pointed to the -room where 3Irs. llocMord Shad slept the* night before—" and I saw something like a herd of huge swine on Salary's giave, rooting, and snarling, and; slavering in it, and then I slammed to the window, for some awful thing' with a white face was there trying * to ave itself from those hellish; beasts. The noise continued for five or six minutes, and then the sky,- cleared like it did last night, and I saw no more " " You have a -cheerful imagination, my fuend," said 1; "but, pray, -do you couple this delectable^ story with your master's day of 1 seclusion ?" Once more the ugly look came into his face. " Nay, I knew nothing of that; and it's no business of yours either, though you aie a doctori Doctors caimot .cnre Major Mokneux's complaint," " Then you think that he is ill ?•' "Not I; he's well enough." " Look ye, Bagally," I said, determined to try A last chance;- you are too sensible a man to believe this nonsense about ghosts^ and suicides, and hunted souls am a doctor; I shall be here some days. I may "be able to do your master good. Tell me"-—and I exhibited another guinea—" what is the mystery in connection with Major Mobneux ?" "He is possessed by a devil, said Bagally and then, as xf he. had said too much, made~ for the house with grotesque, uneven strides, and left me standing in the coarse grass that sprung from the dishonoured grave where the suicide lay with a stake through his heart (To it ttmtinuti.) 