CONVENT AT MirCHAM. On Sunday afteroc3o,Jnly 10, His Lordship lishop Reynolds laid the foundation- stone of a blanch convent for the use of the Sisters of St. .Tn-An-i mt W,f-j«Ham *P«plr n/1 A flifcA Irtndtir rtm. ?ented by Mr. K. Ban Smith. Tha present structure will contain five rooms, in ad dition te tbe bathroom, kitchen, bo., bat it will enly be the beginning uf a very com medious building. Oa Sunday mornicg a service was conducted in the Mitcham Church by the E*v. Fatber Ecright, after which a pro cewiou of school children marched to ths site and assembled ronnd the stone. His Lordship aniv«d shoitly sfterwsrdB, and proceeded to the spot where tbe al.ar was to be fixed. The tite of the convent and the atone having been blc jsed, a short devotional service was conducted. Hit Lardebip then performed the ceremony of laying the stone, njiLg: — ?' In the faith of Je«us Chri«t we bless 'the first stcne of this edifice io the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghcst, th»t here tbe true faith and fear of God and fraternal charity may Sourish, and that this place may be dedicated to prayer, and to the praise of tbe ntse of our Lord Jesus Christ, who in the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, lives and reigrs world without end for all eteroitj. Amen.' H;i Lcrdebip then celiveret* a diBcoaue from the text, ' The Kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain of mustard reed which a man took and sowed in his field, which indeed is the least of all seeds, bat when it ia grown it is the gieotest among herbs, and becometh a tree, to that the birdB of tbe air come and lodge in the branches thereof.' In the couxie of his remarks His Lordship trrced tbe rise and progress of the fiom in Catholic Church in Australia since the time when tbe Yen. Jeremiah Flyrjn was sent oat to BotaLy Bay. In 1843 tbe first Vicar Acostslic to tLe Colonies tisircd South Australia, and next year tbe first Bishop of Adelaide was consecrated, tbere then being about 5.CC0 Catholics in tbe province. His Lordship bavirg rtferrtd to tbe trials bis predecessors bsd to undergo, and to the struggles that bad taken plr -» nf late years with regard *o Catholic education, stited in spite of rll difficulties the priests and people b.d ren-vined loyal to him. Daring the past seven yerrs be bad ope red ?0 new churches, 42 new acbcsls, atd forr special ronven's. His Lord ship, in speaking on the qai .tion of education, said all they wished «ji that tbeir children might be educated according to their ewn belief, aud that they abonld not be asked to contribute to a system which they could 1 ot conscientiously avail themselves of. He bad no doubt that tbe Legislature woold in time acknowledge their claims and yield to t^e-m a gunt ont of the revenue, to which they contributed, for the education cf ibeir children. In conclusion. His Lordship ackcowledged tbe liberal way in which many ptToos who held views differing from their own had acted towards their, and specially mentioned tbe gift of the site of the convent. The sum of £85 was collected in aid of the buildipe. 