THE THEATRES, Etc. By " Adagio." " La Fille du Tambour Major" pursues the even tenor of its very prosperous career at the Opera-house. " The last three weeks " are, however, now advertised, not because its popularity is diminishing, but chat the Ade- laide and Sydney engagements — entered into when it was not even dreamed that such a triumph was possible — must be fulfilled. On Saturday night the nintieth representation will be given, and on the evening of its hun dredth some unusual professional demonstra tion will take place. At the Theatre Royal, a new Irish drama, entitled " Kerry Gow," had its first perform ance on Saturday- night. " Kerry Gow " can best be described as a mixture of " Axrah- na-Pogue," " Peep o' Day Boys," " The Shaughraun," and " Flying Scud." The first portion of the play is a most decided copy of an act in " Arrah-na- Pogue" The adventures of Sh&un;, the Post, and Dan O'Hara, the Kerry Gow, are identical. The events in the drama take place at the same time as those in " Arrah-na-Pogue," namely, during the rebellion in Ireland. Dan O'Hara is a good-hearted, plucky young Irishman, deeply in love with Nora Drew, whose hither is a farmer. Old Drew is in financial diffi culties, and Mr. Hay, his landlord, holds a mortgage over the whole of his tenant's pro perty, on which he threatens to foreclose if he doss not gain Nora's consent to marry him. Raymond Drew, Dan's foster brother, in order to save the estate of his father, has entered a horse for a steeplechase, on which he has staked a large sum, and, if successful, the winnings would clear off Hay's claim on the farm. In order to thwart Raymond Drew's attempt to release the property, Hay purchases a well-known steeplechaser, which is to run in the same race. While the horses are in training, Kerry Gow is arrested as a rebel, at the instance of Hay, but makes his escape, and is immediately- afterwards par doned. Foiled in this, Hay resolves to carry off Nora, and entices her to an old ruin by means of a note, which the girl imagines is written by her father. Dan hears of the plot, and arrives at the old abbey in time to save Nora, and Raymond Drew's horse runs for the race, and secures the stakes, so that the mortgage is paid off, the villain finally thwarted, and Dan O'Hara marries Nora Drew. The author has thought fit, in the second act, to introduce the Kerry Gow as a farrier. He is represented shoeing a horse, the property, as it afterwards turns out, of the villain Hay. In the last act some carrier pigeons are introduced, which are supposed to inform Nora and old Drew of the result of the steeplechase, and these winged messen gers arrive just in the nick of time, when Hay, with his bailiffs, is about to seize the I property. Mr. Walton, as the warm-hearted but impulsive Dan O'Hara, or Kerry Gow, acted the part very well indeed, save that he forgot on many occasions that it was an Irish character he was pourtraying by quite ignoring the Hibernian brogue. In the scene where ; he shoes the steeplechaser he went about his business in a style which would have satisfied the most critical of farriers. Mr. Douglass, as Hay, the wealthy villain, secured the most genuine of all applause, namely, volleys of hisses from the upper and lower portions of the house. Mr. Oily Deering's representation of old Drew, the farmer, was. a very natural assumption, and was heartily appreciated by the audience. Mr. Appleton had merely to act the Irish gentleman as Raymond Drew, and this to him was no trouble. Denny Doyle was en trusted to Mr. B. N. Jones, and as the wild Irish boy, always ready for a row, and brimful of humour, he was very successful All Mr. Bland Holt had to do as Major Bluff was to say " Dam- me, sir," at the end of every sentence, and this he did most successfully. Nora Drew, the heroine of the drama, found but an indifferent representative in Miss Myra Kemble. She may certainly he com- plimented job. her versatility ior she, Pyed. the character In jwme parts as in others as an English one. Stewart made a very lively Maggie, a: an Irish song with Mr. Walton . aaed a well-deserved encore. The other characters do not call for any special mention, except, it be the highly stuttering Sergeant by Mr. J. Cffisar. The abbey ruins, by Mr. Hennmgs, in the thud act, was a nice bit of scenic effect. In the drama which was presented at the Bijou Theatreon Saturday nit for the_first timR in the colony, -under the title of biz, adapted by Messrs. Joseph Hatton and Arthur Mathieson, from Frances H. Burnett s Lancashire story of " That Lasso' Lowrie s, the novel is so completely departed that it would be difficult to recognise the original in the drama. The principal characters have, been re-named and mate rially altered. The scenes have been abridged .and transposed, and only a portion of the plot retained. On the whole, drama. £g not an improvement upon the story, but its representation on Saturday night was fairly , successful, and met. with general approval from a crowded audience. The story is simple and easily told. The j scene opens at the Riggan Colliery, in Lanca- shire, and discovers a number of pitmen j preparing to commence the day's opera- tions. Lis Lowrie, " that Lass o' Lowrie's," j as is termed - in the mining village, makes her entrance to defend Nan, a pretty j girl with whom the world has gone wrong, i who has returned to the village with her baby, from the gibes and reproaches of the pit ; girls and women, and she takes the forlorn ; creature away to her tether's cottage. Liz ; is a strong- willed and exceptional girl, and while she stands aloof from the other i workpeople, her honesty and indomitable j perseverance have earned for her the j friendship and respect of alL Her father, i Phil Lowrie, is a drunken, dissipated, good-for-nothing fellow, who continues to break the rules of the mine, regardless of the consequences and the repeated warnings of Mr. Fergus Derrick, a young mining en gineer, filling his first engagement at the Riggan "Colliery. In consequence of Derrick's watchfulness and persistency, Lowrie takes offence, and attempts to ill-treat him, but receives a thrashing for his insolence. This only embitters his hatred, and he plots Der rick's murder with two discontented pitmen, named Jim Spraggs and Mike Brady. Liz sus pects treachery, and attempts to warn Derrick, with whom she is in love, by passing along the road where her father and his com panions lie concealed. Lowrie hears his daughter coming, and emerges from his hiding-place to thrash her, but he is mis taken in the dark by his companions for Derrick, and is set upon and killed. The third scene shows the explosion of the Riggan Colliery and the rescue of the men by Liz, the Rev. Alfred Lonsdale, and others, and in the fourth scene the usual happy termination is brought about. It will be seen from the foregoing that the plot is meagre in the extreme. There are a number of subordinate characters running through the piece, but their necessity or usefulness is not very great. Mr. Ireland played the part of .Fergus Derrick in" a quiet, gentlemanlike manner, but was rather too subdued for the hardy mining engineer portrayed in the novel. The title role was impersonated by Mis. Lewis, who. acted with great force of cha racter and natural ability, and was accorded a favourable reception. Miss Blanche Lewis made a creditable debut as Aniee B&rholm;, daughter of the principal owner cf the Riggan Colliery, but she will require to alter her manner considerably. Her elocution is greatly defective, and her deportment out of harmony with the occasion. Mr. Hans Phillips played the small part of the Rev. Alfred Lonsdale in a correct and pleasing manner, and Mr. Thorne was perfectly at home as Ou'd Samuel Craddock, the humorist of the piece. Mr. Daniels was hardly equal to the character of Johnston Barholm, the wealthy mine-owner, nor was Mr. Joyce up to the mare as Pml Bowrie. The other j characters were fairly represented. As a I first performance, the piece went satisfac- j torily throughout. Some new scenery was painted for the occasion by Mr. H. Grist, j whose efforts in the second and fourth acts i were warmly applauded by the audience. Mr. William Hoskins appeared at the Prin cess Theatre on Monday night as Hamlet. It may be briefly said of his assumption that from a closet point of view his reading was an excel lent one, and if the tendency to intone, into. I which he was occasionally betrayed, be ex- i eepted, marked by very many points of dramatic merit. The delivery of the soli loquy, " What a rogue and peasant slave am I," was a specimen of elocution of which any great actor might have been' proud. As a physical delineation it cannot, of course, be j regarded in any other light than as a mistake. I The " youthful Hamlet " was not, and in his : place there was an old man who could not put i on the " garb of youthfulness."" As a remini scence, Mr. Hoskins appealed strongly to the sympathies and good will of his audience, ; which cheered and applauded the veteran actor to the echo. The Ophelia of Miss Marian Willis was a charming one, simple and I natural. Miss Willis either instinctively deve loped the proper character of the unfortunate daughter of Polonius, or else she has studied the part very closely, for we cannot i recollect an Ophelia for years past whom we have liked so unreservedly. The Ghost of Mr. Stuart O'Brien, the Polonius of Mr. Searle, and the Horatio of Mr. Mortyne, were the best of the subordinate parts. On Tues day night Mr. Dillon took a benefit, " Othello" being set down for representation on the occasioh. A respectably dressed youth, named Wil liam Hamilton, was presented before the City Bench, Wednesday , to answer two charges of. forgery and uttering and obtaining money under false pretences. Accused, according to the evidence, went to deal's hotel on the 29th ult., and presented a cheque to the landlord, "purporting to be signed by Mr. Stutt. The cheque was drawn for £5 on the Colonial Bank, and the landlord gave accused notes to that amount. Mr. Stutt proved the cheque to he a forgery. Accused pleaded guilty, but fes the prosecutor did not wish to press the Qharge, he was sent to gaol for three months only. 