Chapter XXV.—In Quarantine. The sharp contrasts of which the world is full are sharpest, not between rich and poor, I think (though, Heaven knows, those are clearly defined enough), but between the hale and the sick. It is true that riches may be on the side of the healthy and poverty on that of the poor, in which case the question of compensation becomes (to the unphilosophic mind) importunate indeed; but there is no need for our present purpose to come. face to face with that. There was difference enough between the mode of life pursued by the tenants of the Ultramarine in general, and that of that. portion of them cut off from the rest by the double doors that divided it from the 'Prior's House or hostel.' In the one case there was Mr. Josceline wooing and win ning ; Mrs. Jennynge, in an Indian summer of rapture; and Miss Anatasia, begin ning to suspect what was' going on, and something more than disgusted at somebody's conduct—which, however, was a mystery, to her. Mr. Josceline's arrival' with four horses had effected bven more than he had given them credit for.; they had put it beyond all question that he had the means suitable to his birth, and w What oh earth could he see in her mamma?" was the enquiry1 Miss Jennynge, was for ever naturally, putting to herself. ; She was not absolutely jealous of her mother, for though she wotdd have had no objection to become the iloh. Mrs. Josceline herself, her affec tions were not deeply involved in the . matter; but she said to herself. privately that " there was no fool like an old fool," and that Mr. Josceline must be " mad." Otherwise, being a judicious young woman in most matters relating to her own interest, she made no fuss about it,, and even pretended not to see what was going on. Mr. Jennynge had told the simple truth when she said that her daughter was absolutely dependent on her; ana therefore it behoved Anastasia to keep her suspicions to herself, though as time went on they be came amply corroborated. The absence of her late papa's photograph from the parlor wall, and the disappearance of the cast of his countenance ' had been significant enough; but now she noticed a certain ring upon Mr. Josceline's finger about which there could be no question, except how in the world her mother, being much afflicted with rheumatics in the joints; could ever have slipped it over her knuckles. Also, though secrets are said to lie under the rose, there was a blush rose in wax in Mr. Josceline's sitting-room, which, so far from concealing anything from Miss Anas tasia, told her everything. Mrs. Armytage, however, knew nothing of what was taking place; but since, for Mrs. Jennynge's sake, Mr. Josceline had once or twice taken up the cudgels against her, the Professor's wife had grown bitter against him, and even described his u goings on " as disgraceful.' Indeed, partly to conceal his profounder designs,- but also because flirtation was naturaj to him, Mr. Josceline did in his daughter's absence make himself exceed ingly agreeable, not only to Anastasia, who only pretended to like it, but to Mrs. Percival Lott, who liked it very much. In the Prior's Hostel, if there was ■ no flirtation, there was a great deal of reci procal affection of another kind. Mr. Aird, when not at his post by little Davey's pil low, could never sufficiently exhibit, though more by his manner than his yrords, his sense of the generous kindness of the two ladies who at such inconvenience and even peril to themselves had undertaken to nurse his beloved child; and the two women loved one another, and the little patient clung to both of them (though always most to Ella), and drew their hearts more and more closely to him every day. The fever had not abated, though, as Dr. Cooper remarked of it, it ought to have done so; the more dangerous symptoms had disappeared, but the child's rest was broken and uneasy, and he awoke from his slumbers unrefreshed. The immediate cause of this was nightmare. In the middle of the night, he would wake tip shrieking and pointing to the foot of his bed, where, as he said, stood a spectre. This ridiculous idea was of course com bated by all about him, but without effect, and the incident had occurred twice. The ayah had always slept in his.room. On the first night Ella had remained with him till nearly midnight, when she had been Relieved at her post by Mrs. Wallace, and on the second the latter lady had remained till the attack, if such it could be called, took place. She protested with much energy that she had never closed an eye, but Davey had whispered to Ella that both his nurse and Mrs. Wallace were asleep, and had been awakened by his cryiDg out, but too late to see the " dark man." Upon the personal appearance of this gentleman, so vaguely described, it was thought best not to question him, but they all agreed that it was either some reminiscence of the mild Hindoo that haunted the child's dreams, or some fancied metamorphosis of Abra her self. Neither of the two ladies was in the least, given to superstition, and though, as it afterwards turned out, Mr. Aird himself had, a very pronounced taste for the horri ble, he never developed it in their presence. Ella suggested that the little patient should change his room, whereat Dr. Cooper only shrugged his shoulders. "That could be done, of course," he meant to impiy, " but the dark nlan was no more to be evaded by that means than the black care which sits behind the horseman is to be shaken off by a change of steed." " Well, it is my watch to-night," said Ella, " and we "will try it once more. And she used'the word "watch" with a mean ing, for she was secretly resolved not to go to sleep at all. "Her proper place was in that too. com fortable armchair in which (as Ella shrewdly suspected). Mrs. Wallace had suc cumbed to Die' reductions of Morpheus; butno sooner were the three settled for the night, and Abra, as usual, had fallen fast asleep, than the child besought Ella to lie down beside him—" Then I Bhall not fear," he said, "even if the dark man comes again." He had made this request once before, when she had been keeping a shorter watch by his bedside; but she had persuaded him not to press it. Dr. Cooper had told her that to sleep with the child would be to " fly in the face of Providence," for if any mischief was really brewing, she would in that case be certain to suffer from it. But oh this occasion the little fellow's appeal was so urgent, and his apprehensions so obvious, that she consented. Though she had never been troubled in that way her self, she had known imaginative girls at school to snffer much from nervousness at night, and her tender heart at once melted within her; and when, as soon as little Davey's arms were round her neck and his fears at rest, he sank into a tranquil slum ber, she felt that she had already had her reward. As she lay very quiet, for fear of dis turbing him, her thoughts wandered over her past life, and, as usual, reverted.ts the mother whom she had never known, and had been tacitly forbidden to speak of. Had she herself, she wondered, when a little child, much younger than Davey, ever lain in loving arms, and been rocked to sleep on a mother's bosom ? A dim recol lection of a house with a porched door, that looked out upon flowers and shrubs, was all that remained to her of her first home. While still of very tender years she had been transferred to Miss Steele's care, at Minerva House, where no reference to her past had ever been made. The girls, in deed, several' batches of whom had come and gone in her time, had occasionally asked her questions upon that point, but, as it was manifest that she could not gratify : their curipsity, the subject was soon dropped. When Davey got', well she made up her mind on the first opportunity to endeavor to learn from her father what he could tell her of her own childhood; that was how she put it, even to herself. There was something in his studied reticence concerning his. wife that forbade her to seek for information more directly. If even he would speak of his own past she would not feel herself so utterly bereft of all ties of association. It was the.absence of these perhaps that caused her mind to revert with interest to recent-events, and made her exaggerate the claims of mere acquaintanceship. But pre sently she fell to thinhing of . Mr. Felspar, who had been so -kind to her in regard to heir drawing, and then upon Mr. Vernon. Perhaps it was their common affection to her present little companion that .induced it; but her thoughts, having arrived at the young poet,: dwelt there. What a pleasant face he had,, and what a natural and charm ing maimer! How Mr. Aird seemed tolihe him, and how devoted his friend Felspar was toihim! Even his landlady, Mrs; Gammer, had spoken of him|: when they, called at the. cottage, with affectionate enthusiasm.- It miist -be a warm and honest heart that thus attracted every one towards it. Her father,; though such la favorite with society, seemed to; excite admiration rather than affection in! his fellow- creatures, which was mo doubt to be accounted for by that very re serve which Aatricted the- demonstration of; her own love: for him;. but Mr. Vernon had the faculty of: evoking personal regard. It was fortunate, for,- as it happened, he was as destitute..of family .ties as herself. Open as.the day, he made no secret of-the fact that he Was alone in the world, and had his own- way to win in it. It waB but natural that the similarity of their positions in this respect should in vest him in her eyes . with an. addi tional interest. She pictured him to herself growing in fame, and worthy of the reputa tion he was acquiring. .Then her thoughts strayed to her own little picture; and would it, or would it not, she wondered, be thought worthy of the honors of print? and, if it should have that good fortune, how pleasant it would be for it to appear side by side with Mr. Vernon's poem; and what a charming souvenir it would be of her visit to Wallington Bay, and of the kind friends she had found there! When she met Mr. Vernon, in after years, he might .be a great man; but she was sure he would not have forgotten her, because of that incident of the illustration, and—— "Ella, Ella!'' whispered Davey, in hushed and frightened tones," there he is!" "There who is, my darling?" she an swered tenderly. " xou are dreaming." " No, no! I saw him quite plainly!" in sisted the child, with beating heart. " If I dared to look up I should see him again, in his cloak, at the foot of the bed." Ella strained her eyes in the direction in dicated. There was a night-lamp in the room, which gave a tolerable light, but in- , sufficient to make things distinct. " Abra! Abra!" she cried. , "With a grunt and a snort the Asiatic awoke. " What is it, Missee Ella ?" "Light the candle. You see, my dear Davey, there is nothing here." • " I saw him!" answered the child, his large eyes roving apprehensively over the room, " He stood there—just there—in his long cloak. Papa says it's like a girl to be frightened; but I can't help it." "Of course you can't; nobody is frightened who can help it. You shall change your room to-morrow, Davey, I pro mise you that; and we will keep the candle alight for the rest of the night. Now you will go to sleep' again like a good bov." " 'Es I will, dear Ella." She folded him in her arms, and in a few minuteB slumber once more overtook him ; but Ella remained awake. It might have been fancy—indeed it was folly to suppose otherwise—yet she thought she had seen a vague something at the bed- foot when the child had first cried out. What it was she could not describe; but something with some dim resemblance to a human figure had grown shadowy and disappeared under her gaze. It gave her, she knew not how, the impression of having been more distinct before her attention was called to it. Such delusions have happened to many of us, and most commonly, when the mind has been disturbed and thrown out of gear by unwonted circumstances. In an ancient portion of an ancestral mansion, cut off from wholesome life it was not unlikely that an imaginative young girl should have thus partaken of the fevered fancies of her patient. That this would be the view of others, at; least, Ella had the good sense to perceive; and what weighed with her much more wa3 the conviction that the revelation of what she had seen, or thought she had seen, would only hi7 crease existing troubles. She therefore said nothing about it to her companions, nor did she mention, it in the daily, letter which she wrote to her father describing, always with gaieiy, how life went on in the Prior's Hostel; only for the future she took care that Davey's apartment should be- occupied by Mr. Aird (whom she justly deemed to be ghost-proof), and vice versa. It was curious, however, in spite of her Srudent resolutions, how this strange ind ent affected not so much her spirits as her tone of thought, and, from unconscious sympathy, that of her companions. With the little patient, of course, they were always cheerful; but when alone and not conversing about him . the topics of their talk became more serious, if not more sombre! Something was owing, no doubt, . to the tightening bond of friendship, the tendency of which, among its other bless ings, is to withdraw us from the common place, and to substitute for the froth of the wave the wave itself. When familarity reaches a certain point we begin to trot out our hobbies, which may, or may not, be attractive animals. Mr. Aird's was a hearse horse. He had a theory on suicide; he thought a man had a right to dispose of hiB own life if in so' doing it did not aflect others injuriously. This was vehe mently combated by Mrs. Wallace (who3e views were mildly Evangelical) upon re ligious grounds. " There's nothing against it in the Scrip tures," persisted Mr. Aird. " What does Miss Josceline say F" '" I don't think a soldier should leave his post before the battle is over," was the grave reply. " Ah, that's the military view; but then, you see, I am a civilian," answered Mr. Aird, grimly. " Besides, 1 am supposing that he has no ore to defend but himself." Then he began to furnish instances from his own personal experience. One in par ticular of a husband he knew, who, having lost his only child, wrote in the fly-leaf of his Bible to his deai wife,/' There is no body left now; I have seen all I love leave the earth before me, and I come to you to night." They were very interesting stories; but a trifle too much so for his audience, and especially under existing circumstances. . "My dear Mr. Aird,.you make our flesh creep !" remonstrated Mrs. Wallace, where upon he desisted. Finding the enemy reduced to silence, it was only natural that the lady should fire a last shot. " You argue," said Mrs. Wallace," that, in the case of wicked people, the very best thing they can do is ' to take themselves off,' as you call it, .since, in so doing, they do the world a service; but how can you tell that if they lived on they would con tinue to be wiQked ?" " Because it is in accordance with expe rience," said Mr. Aird. "Don't you feel growing worse and worse yourself, now ?" But Mrs. Wallace was not to be put off by jest. There is a secret drawer in most people's mind in which they keep their serious convictions.; Mr. Aird had touched it in her case, and out they came. "You have told us some strange expe riences of your own life," she said; "let me tell you one of mine. Years ago, when I was a little child, my father went to Exeter for a couple of days on business, leaving no -one in the farmhouse but my auut Esther, and myself, and some female servants. As our house was in a lonely part of the country, and since burglaries ; been recently committed in the neighbor hood, he had proposed, before he went, to leave us some male protector; but my aunt had declined it. She always reminded me of what I have read of Cromwell's troops, beiing of great courage, and a piety such as I have never seen equalled; only Bhe had no harshness nor Tincharitableness to others. She slept alone, in the next r|ptn to me, where, for safety's sake, in my father's absence, what little plate we had was kept in an oak chest. - When she went to be bed -at night it was her custom : (for I could hear her voice, and if I listened intently, whioh 1 was sometimes tempted to do, her very words) to pray aloud, not-only for ourselves, but her fellow creatures! It was not her way to hope that a handful of human beings only, with her Belf and friends; among them, should be saved, but the whold world, including even the wicked. She was a simple-hearted woman, in whom whatever chanced tocome to her ears put of the common made a great impression, and on this occasion what my father had said about the late robberies committedby trampsin the districtrecurred to her mind. " It was borne in upon her," as she afterwards expressed it, to beseech the Divine compassion in favor of the houseless wretches constrained, perhaps by want as much as evil habit, to break through and steal. I heard her, and then, to my astonishment and alarm. I heard a faint cry lof alarm, and then two voices. They spoke together for some , time, and then I heard two persons leave the room; and," after a long interval (during which I lay in a state of great trepidation), my aunt returned, and said softly through the door, 'Are you asleep, Cicely?' and I answered, 'No,' and she came in and told me what had happened. • "When she Bad risen from her knees, and was about to take1 off her dressing gown, her eyes fell upon the valance of the bed, from beneath which looked out two other eyes, and on meeting her gaze, the person who owned them Magged himself ouL He was a man (as she described him) terrible to look upon, of herculean frame and bloated face, travel-stained and in rags, with a pair of iron-tipped shoes in his hands, which he had taken off in order to reach his late hiding-place without noise; but his voice and manner were in strange contrast to these things. ■''I came here to-night, lady, to rob your House,' he said. 'I have been lying be neath your bed for hours, rehearsing as to how it should be done, and resolved, if I met with any resistance, to do worse than rob, for I am one that sticks at nothing. Then, all of a sudden, as I lay cursing your late hours, I heard you come in and read your Bible, all alone—a thing I have never done myself, except in my prison cell when I felt pretty sure that the chaplain's eye was at the keyhole.' " Well, this is a Sious old party," I says to myself, " but I opes she won't be long." ' But when from your Bible you went to prayer, and after praying to God Almighty for your little niece, and this, that, and the other, you came, quite naturally like, to them as never say a word to him for themselves, and amongst them even for downright bad ones, like me,' then says I," May I be damned if I takes a penny piece from her, or hurts a hair of her grev head." ' Then replied my aunt in her quiet gentle fashion,' But why, unhappy man, need you be damned at all ?' It had never struck the poor fellow, I sup pose, that there had been any alternative for him, until she went on to explain it, but it is as true as I am sitting here that within five minutes this man was upon his knees repeating a prayer after her, just as a child might be at his mother's bidding. She afterwards took liim down stairs and gave him some supper, of which he stood in great need, but of the money which my aunt pressed upon him he only took a very little, in order, as he said, to keep him from present temptation and set him in an honest road* My aunt made'me promise to say nothing of what she told me, lest the poor fellow should suffer, for it, and we never heard of his getting into trouble again. ; " That is a very curious story, no doubt," said Mr. Aird. ''I 'wen't be so ill mannered as to say, as many people would, that it is possible your aunt caught sight of the man before she said her prayers, and framed them to suit his case; but I don't see narrative bears upon your argument that wicked people may be turned into good people. Though the man did not rob your aunt, he may have gone on robbing other: people." "Let me finish my story," Said Mrs. Wallace, quietly. "Years afterwards, when my aunt, then near her end, was staying at Plymouth for the sake of the sea air, and I was with her, one Sunday morning' a very moving preacher' was ad vertised to hold forth in a certain chapel; and though the attraction,'I confess, was greater to my aunt than to myself, I volun teered .to accompany her. The preacher was a large ungainly man, looking more like a prize-fighter than a minister. Of the gospel; but his words had an impassioned earnestness which I have rarely heard, and which carried the congregation with them, We were too great a distance frond him to see his features, but his voice reached, to every part of the crowded place. His theme was on the saving powers of grace, and in order to show that no man could be so fallen but that he might be raised up again, he evi denced an extreme case within his own ex perience. 'I knew a man once', he said, ' who was a greater sinner than any here. He owned no Father in heaven, no brother on earth ; his trade was robbery; by day he was a thief, and by night a house-" breaker."' "♦Oh, aunt,' whispered I, 'did you hear that?'. "'Yes, my dear,'she answered softly; ' that is the very man himself; I knew him directly I heard his voice.' " Th'en he went on, point by point, to describe what had happened on that eventful night at our home, and how that from the hour at which he had heard my aunt at her prayers, he had become a new and honest man; which (to cut a long • story short) we afterwards found on en quiry to be the case. He had a shoemaker's shop in the town, where for years he had been much respected. So you see, Mr. Aird, that wicked people need not always put an end to themselves in despair of becoming good." "Unfortunately, my dear madam, they very seldom do," returned the old Indiap, drily. " My experience is that they remain to plague the good people as much as possible. But I' ato glad to find that your felonious friend had some other trade than sensational preaching, which is, in .my opinion, no very great improvement upon burglary with violence." •It was thus that the little party in the Prior's Hostel conversed together, on a footing more confidential and familiar than would"have been possible had they been at large in the world without; and though there was no uniformity (and even, as wo have seen, considerable disagreement) among them as to opinion, they were be coming oiose friends. (2*o be continued.) 