SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE. [From our own Reporter. The second session of the sixth Synod of the diocese of Newcastle was opened on Tuesday at noon, in the City Hall, Bolton-street, Newcastle. Prior to the assembling of the clergy and lay representatives in Synod, a shortened form of morning prayer, and holy communion, were administered in Christ- church Cathedral. In the hall the Eight Reverend the President, the Bishop of the Diocese, offered the usual prayers, and the roll was then called. The following clergymen and lay representatives answered to their names Clergymen: The Venerable Archdeacon Child ; Canons Selwyn, White, and Tyrrell ; Revs. F. W. Addams, S. Siin>n, J. J. Nash, B. E, Shaw, F. D. Bode, WAS. Wilson, Jno. Shaw, H. S. Millard, E. Huband-Smith. A. Shaw, JJ2^*~Ç?*Mru\ïï»l Jno. W Upjohn, ««TE Thomas, W. Tollis, G. H. Johnstone, T. D. Warner, W. Marshall) W. H. H. Warring- ton, C. F. Withey, F. E. Newton, W. K. Colyer. Lay representatives : Messrs. G. W. F. Addison, E. L. Alison, E. W. Bearby, H. J. Bolding, C. Bolton, J. W. Brooks, E. P. Capper, E. C. Close, H. B. Cotton, T. Cox, H. Croaker, C. W. Darley, - Hickey, J. W. Holmes, J. Lee, - Mackenzie, - McDouall, E. Parnell, H. W. Portus, E. W. Thompson, H. Trenchard, E. White, F. E. White, - Wilshire, J. Windeyer, J. P. Luke. Two clergymen who had not previously done so, signed the declaration of submission, and two laymen handed in their credentials. THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. The Right Rev. the President then read the following address : Mr Brethren of sub Clergy and Laity, -It is my privilege to-day to welcome you as members of the sixth Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle, and to say a few words by way of preface to the work of this its second session. I do so with mingled feelings of thankfulness and anxiety. Since we met in this hall, about nine months ago, I have seen much that was new and interesting to me in this fair land, which the neighbourly kindness of many who are here, and of many who are not here, is fast clothing with the happy associations which are recalled to one's mind by the one word-home. I can honestly add that I have also seen many proofs of good Christian work in the past, which should serve as encourage- ments to us for good Christian work in the future. It it, I think, quite allowable to regard signs of progress thus, and so to trans- form them into the starting points of new endeavours. We have the authority of an excellent example for regarding thanksgiving to God a,-) closely connected with a fresh inspiration of courage. None can deny that there is need for new endeavours need for a fresh inspiration of courage-if we are to keep pace with the work that is to be done pecuniary aid from external sources is fast failing us. The population of the colony is increasing at a rate out of all proportion, I fear, to any recent increase in the staff of workers and meanwhile the institutions and quite as important as the institutions-the social tone of a future Britain are being established before our eyes. Our special cir- cumstances are an emphatic summons to the joint exercise of prayer and effort ; they may well be interpreted as an emphatic echo of the word of Him that openeth and no man Bhutteth-Behold, I have set before thee an open door. May grace and power be given us, that so we may ever be entering in by the opened door of many opportunities. It appears to be the custom for the Presidents of the Synods and church assemblies of Colonial dioceses to avail themselves of the annual meeting of such Synods or assemblies as an occasion for bringing topics of special interest before the clergy and representative laity of the diocese. These addresses have been fairly described as supplying the place of the charges delivered at Visitations in England. Visitation in a diocese like this can be made a much more real proceeding than it can in the old country, where the congregation of incumbent and churchwardens at a central church takes the place of the Bishop's inspection of each individual parish Our circumstances make Iona Tide visitation possible, and render unnecessary a formal citation to appear. They may also, I hope, be held to warrant the President's travelling in his address beyond the limits of the measures that are to be brought before Synod in its legislative capacity, and speaking to you as an assembly of churchmen on sundry subjects of general interest. I propose accordingly to refer to some legal and constitutional points which have recently been raised in connexion with our church organisation, and then to go a little beyond the merely legislative lines. It is well for us, when we meet together thus, to bear in mind that we are not only members of Synod, but members of the Church of Christ and that our various apparatus of ordinances, rules, and resolutions are then only serving their true purpose, when they embody in verbal descriptions those external methods whereby the grand spiritual processes of conversion and edifica- tion are most likely by God's blessing to be made real factors in the lives that are being lived around us. Believe me when I say that I am very far from undervaluing the organis- ing work that may be done during a session of Synod, when laymen chosen for this very purpose are associated with the clergy in their deliberations for the good of the church, and bring that practical wisdom to bear upon difficult questions which is derived from constant contact with business- but at the same time I do not like the thought that we, who are scattered far and wide during fifty- one weeks in the year, should meet together in goodly number this one week without some effort being made to secure the advantage of mutual counsel, and the expression of mutual sympathy, in that which bears much the same relation to ecclesiastical law that the life bears to the animal frame. But as the frame has important uses, I will ask your attention first to the TRUST PROPERTY INCORPORATION ACT. It may be convenient for members of Synod if I remind them of certain steps taken at our last session with respect to a bill which was in its main purport identical with the Act recently passed. The bill having been referred to this Synod by the Provincial Synod, a motion was carried for its consideration with a view to its being dealt with by resolution. It was accordingly carefully considered in committee, and an amendment was agreed to providing that if in consequence of death or other disability, the consent of any Trustee or Trustees could not be obtained within a reasonable time of the constitution of a corporate body of Trustees, it should be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, if he think fit, to consent in the place of such Trustee or Trustees. With this one amendment the bill was approved and referred back to the Provincial Synod at its next session. No doubt this step, was strictly constitutional ; but the course of events has been too rapid for the somewhat tardy movement of our ecclesiastical machinery. "Early in the present year a bill was brought forward of what I may term a tri diocesan character. It was at first proposed that the dioceses of New South Wales should be dealt with as separate units, according as they had or had not accepted the bill, and not as forming a Province co-extensive with the colony. Now the whole method of which this particular proceeding was an instance, seems to me most undesirable. Placed as we are in relation to the State, 5in members of^tliejChurch 1st August in New South Wales ought to be able to make our united voice heard. We ought to make up our own minds that we are one body, and then demand that we be treated as one body. Even that venerable document, the Constitutions, is in my opinion sadly deformed by the pro dominant tendency to individualise. dioceses over-much. When the dioceses act together, it should surely be as a province. When they are legislated for by the State, it should surely be-in' general terms, unless the interest to be served be merely local in character ; or in other words, they should be dealt with as forming a province. We lose much of our lawful influence through our not t being better welded together Frau wo'arerat^preseut. Holding very strongly these views as to the really provincial', audaít-'hfis" been passed as an enabling AcVfbr any diocese in New South Wales. I canVell imagination legal purist, in his anxiety that the whole orthodox process of '''synodical action should be observed, would have recommended in to hold aloof from, or even actively to oppose, a measure which had not passed though the stages which seem to us appropriate. But such a course of action would neither have been kind nor v. so. It would not have been kind, for in the opinion of the leading churchmen of a neighbouring diocese the need of the bill was urgent. it would not have been wise, for it might have endangered our own share in a measure likely to prove useful. Assum- ing, as you naturally will, that your mode of action was the best possible, or that it would not have been yours the question was as to the second best or the best under the circumstances and that, I think, was to accept the position, and without waiting for the slow movement of the shackled limbs of the Provincial Synod, to try to got such modifica- tions introduced as would make the bill most useful in operation, and most symmetrical in form. And here I may be allowed grate- fully to acknowledge the p patience and courtesy with which Mr. Alexander Stuart used every endeavour to embody in the bill such provisions as would make it acceptable to us in our weakness, as well as to our Sydney brethren in their strength. It now contains a clause providing that property vested in the Bishop of any diocese shall be held ito'-bo so vested, notwithstanding that such Bishop may not have been appointed under Letters Patent from the Crown. There is also a clause substantially your amendment of last year to meet the not infrequent case in which by reason of death or other disability there are no acting trustees of property held for the Church. In one point the Act may perhaps have disappointed you. It does not convey to the new body of trustees the power of sale. To one unversed in the mysteries of colonial legislation, it is difficult to assign a reason why this power should be entrusted to the Wesleyan denomination and refused to the Church of England, unless it be as a graceful recognition of superior business capacities in the former. However this may be, the Act as passed substitutes for the proposed words "sell, convey, assign, assure, and dispose of" these words following :-" Let all or any of such hereditaments on lease for any term of years not exceeding ninety-nine or in any case where originally a power of sale was given may absolutely sell and in all cases as to personal property may sell. This concession will be found very useful where land held by a tenant for life can be let with advantage on building lease or for a term of years. It should also be remarked that the Act is in two senses an enabling Act. The Synod of any diocese may not must-elect trustees empowered to act under it. Existing trustees may not must-transfer their trusts to the corporate body. Before taking leave of this subject I may mention that the diocese is deeply indebted to several members of this Synod for their expressions of opinion upon our needs while yet there was an opportunity of getting them supplied, and especially to Canon Selwyn, who braved the perils of a voyage to Sydney in order to represent our interests before the Select Committee. TITLES AND TRUSTS. I have dwelt upon the Trust Property incorporation Act at some length for two reasons. The first is that I wish to impress upon clergy, trustees, churchwardens, and all whom it may concern, the great importance of keeping the temporal concerns of every parish in really good order. The incumbent who is careless about these matters however earnest and devoted he may be in the discharge of more directly pastoral func- trousers pretty certainly sowing the seed of a harvest of vexation and worry, which one or more of his successors will have to reap. The safe custody of parochial deeds and other documents-the intelligent apprehension of the main points in the trusts and conditions of tenure of lands, houses, and schools, which are the property of the church these are among the things which ought not to be left undone. If no attention is paid to them, serious and lasting injury may be inflicted upon unfortunate parishes. You will pardon my plainness of speech upon this subject. I am laying myself open to the charge of laying great stress upon things that perish in the using. Let me assure you that I have no desire to see our' staff of clergy transformed into a band of amateur lawyers. But as the church work that wants doing cannot well be done without funds, and as the workers require food and clothing and shelter, it is our duty to see that what property we have is legally secured, and duly vested in responsible persons. Probably it would be a good plan to have the originals of conveyances and other legal papers kept in a strong room belonging to the Diocese, while certified copies are retained in the various parishes for local reference and guidance. I have a strong suspicion that at present they may frequently be found among the papers at the Parsonage, and that they are consequently liable to be lost or over- looked when change comes and the old home loses its accustomed tenants. If our affairs were once set in order they would be kept in order with comparatively little difficulty. I hope next year to devote some attention to this department of diocesan work, and"I would ask the help of all who are in opposition to give it-so that we may know accurately what we hold and how we hold it. I know full well how much more agreeable to nature it is, after a day's work in the parish, to spend an evening with the book of one's choice, rather than in trying to investigate and systematise the full details of a terrier of lands j but I trust that the good service likely -to" be rendered thereby to the several parishes of the Diocese will reconcile the clergy to this useful task, and that some of our laymen, whose experience would render their help invaluable, will generously give their help. THE LIMITS or SYNODICAL ACTION. My second reason for dwelling at some length upon the circumstances attending the pas"sing of this Act is that they may impress upon us the useful lesson not to expect from mere organisation that which it cannot give. However carefully skilled workmen may prepare the grooves, events will not always run in them and it is just as well that we should acknowledge this. To do so will probably prevent disappointment. If Synod, desires to manage by anticipation the various matters that may require decision between its sessions, it ought to ensure that there shall be what philosophers would call a pre-estabj lished harmony between the course of events and its own prognostications. Where many and divers interests are concerned, coopera- tion often requires compromise and mutual concessions, and of what nature and extent these must be can only be learnt by watching the direction that affairs take from' day to day. A letter requiring an answer by return of post may introduce some new element, which ought to be allowed its share in determining the result Now, just imagine what the navigation of a vessel would be like, if each turn of the wheel for twelve months had to be discussed and decided upon at a meeting of the officers held on four consecutive days ! I would then with all respect suggest that Synod would do wisely in such a case as that upon which I have been speaking to indicate a line of action in fairly general terms, leaving some elasticity as to the method whereby its wishes are to be carried into effect. Otherwise we are likely to find ourselves nearly ready to act when the time for action has passed by. In a body like this-full of zeal for the church and inspired with an eager desire to do its work for the church thoroughly-there is some danger of over legislation as to details of method. I can indeed well imagine a churchman of active mind refreshing himself during well-earned hours of leisure, by the excitation of a complete system of representative government which shall provide for every possible contingency and leave nothing to the executive but to carry out instructions. The misfortune of such systems is that they will never work alongside of the system of the world. Sailing directions in which an attempt was made to anticipate the steering, with no prophetic knowledge of the weather, would certainly retard the sailing and possibly endanger the safety of the ship. THE PROVINCIAL SYNOD. Thus, then, even ' synodical action' is not free from the limitations that attend human undertakings in general. At the same time it is our duty to use every endeavour that the church may derive from it all possible benefit. The system of Synods diocesan, provincial, general-now established in Australia, em- bodies, however imperfectly, some very important principles, Such, for instance, as the gradation of authority, and the rightful position of the laity in church government, In trying to apprehend the relations at present existing between these various bodies, I frankly confess that I do not think that organization has come so near to perfec- tion as it very well might. The Provincial Synod of New South Wales is at present powerless to act for the province which it represents, except under conditions which are seldom likely to be fulfilled. To say that it shall never speak with authority, unless it has been requested to decide some particular point referred to it by each of the five dioceses, is very much like saying that it shall never speak with authority at all. Probably those who were instrumental in securing this result were anxious to preserve the healthy independence of diocesan action. So far, they deserve all credit. I am altogether with them in the opinion that it would be most undesirable for our ordinances and rules to be subject to revision and possible reversal by an external body. But, speak- ing with all modesty, as becomes one whose study of this machinery is but recent, I should say that this independence would be best secured by defining carefully beforehand the class of subjects on which the Provincial Synod should be held to speak with authority. Purely Diocesan matters ought not to be interfered with, as there are obviously many special and local questions as to which an assembly like the present is better qualified to form a judgment than one less conversant with the actual needs of the Diocese. But after the withdrawal of these, there will remain a class of cases, in which the five dioceses have a common interest, and in regard of which it is a thing much to be wished that they should act uniformly. The determina- tion of these might fitly be deemed the special function of the Provincial Synod. Thus a class of cases-not merely special cases, generals carefully defined-not merely particulars as they arise, would be debated and determined by the Ecclesiastical Parliament of the whole colony. I cannot but think that this course, distinct on the one hand from the un conditionalsurrender of diocesan independence and on the other from the eager assertion of diocesan isolation, would be found to work beneficially. And if it be urged that it would be difficult to define the class of cases, I would ask what is the use of legislative bodies unless they are prepared to cope with difficulties Although I am not prepared with; a definition, ] I can easily give illustrations. _ On those points wherein Church law comes into contact with State law, it is highly desirable that the Church should possess a Council or Assembly which should speak in her name collectively, and ask for the modification of any statutes at present unduly impeding her action, or for fresh legislation which should enable her to do her great work for society more efficiently. Such action as this ought not to be left to individual dioceses, if the terms Metropolitan and Province are to be anything more than empty names. The truth is that Sydney has not yet risen to the full height of her dignity. A little tenacious, as some may think, of the position supposed to be given by Letters Patent, she is not taking that lead among our dioceses, and thereby securing their united action, which I for>one should be most thankful to see her take. The metropolis of a province has duties as well as rights, not dignity only, but responsibility also. While in civil matters the Capital is more than maternal in regulating for the requirements of her most distant children, in matters ecclesiastical she leaves them very much to take care of themselves. It is her part to hold us well te^iiyr ; and if we were well held together, we should be such a power as we never can be while the spirit of mere diocesanism prevails amongst us. THE GENERAL SYNOD. I cannot pass to the subject which has been the occasion of some controversy of late the proposed adjournment of the General Synod without expressing my own feeling of sorrow, shared I am sure by every member of this Synod, at the serious illness which has for the time deprived Sydney of its Bishop, New South Wales of its Metropolitan, the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania of their Primate. _ Many of us heard the kindly words of Christian' counsel which he addressed, to the congregation assembled in the Cathedral and the genial words of neighbourly encourage- ment spoken in this hall, when he accompanied me last year on the occasion of my installation and introduction to this city and diocese. The debt which I owe to him for the part he took in those proceedings is one of those debts which must remain debts always, and I may venture to be the spokesman of this diocese in expressing our deep personal regard for him who has been called to rule over us, and our genuine sympathy now that he is disabled in the very midst of the work which we all have at heart. If then I utter any words expressive of dissent from the line of action which he lately recommended, I hope that they will be consistent with due respect for his office, and with a very genuine appreciation of the high character of the man who fills it and if you think fit to record your opinion on the present crisis in our affairs, I hope that for love's sake the resolution recording it will be as little polemical in tone as the frank declaration of honest conviction will allow. In these days of much and rapid printing, most of you, who take an interest in such topics, are aware that this year a session of the General Synod ought to be held, and that a proposal has been made that it should meet merely pro forma, to be immediately adjourned or prorogued. One can readily understand the strongly expressed wish of the Primate in favour of its postponement and very possibly, when he requested his friend and chaplain to write to the Bishops of the various dioceses suggesting it, he did not remember how carefully the very contingency which has occurred had been anticipated. By the 13th section of the Constitution, " in case of the death, absence, or incapacity of any Primate the functions of such Primate shall be exercised by the Senior Bishop of the Diocese hereinbefore mentioned or referred to. In answering the letter which raised this whole controversy, and in which it was suggested that the session be postponed, I expressed my readiness to acquiesce in whatever course might seem good to my brethren, but drew attention to this clause. The plan of adjournment or prorogation has now been substituted for the proposal to postpone. This is no doubt bringing the proceeding within the letter of the law. At the same time I venture to assert that if there is work for the General Synod to do, that work ought to be done. Sorry as we all are that the captain's place had to be taken by a lieutenant, yet if the ship is really bound for any port, she ought to sail on. If a quorum of the Synod is present, it might, as I understand the case, proceed to the dispatch of business notwithstanding any private arrangements that nothing shall be done. When I consulted your six representatives they unanimously expressed themselves in favour of meeting for the dispatch of business, and I think that they took the reasonable view of the matter. A parallel has been drawn between the present proceeding and " the practice of summoning Parliament over and over again, until at last the summons runs for the dispatch of business.' " But in order to establish the parallel, it should be shown that this course is adopted merely because the Speaker or leader of the House is for the time unable to attend. Although I think that the Synod at its meeting will either fall through for want of a quorum, or be prorogued, I cannot persuade myself that this is anything but a bad precedent. Personally, I confess to a great preference for home, and for being among my own people and certainly the prospect of passing two nights on the water, with the probability of spending the intervening day in under- going the operation of being prorogued, can have but few charms for your representatives. The action of the authorities at Sydney, and the resolution of the Melbourne diocese, have probably sealed the fate of this year's session ; but nevertheless I think it my duty to express my concurrence, little though that may be worth, in the course of pursued by the Bishop of Adelaide. It is quite clear to use his own words that his responsibility was limited to summoning the Synod to meet, and that he could not, as senior bishop, assume to himself authority to restrain it from dispatch of business. Although personalfeelingmightimturally incline us to coincide with the Bishop of Sydney's desire for postponement, yet that unbiassed judgment, which we ought all to try to exercise in these matters of church polity, very strongly, as it seems to me, com- mends the action of the Bishop of Adelaide as strictly constitutional. The clear and decided line which he has taken in this matter gives one more proof how serious will be the loss, not only to his own diocese, but to all the churches of Australasia, when he retires to take his well-earned rest after many years of labour. Put very briefly, the position may be conveniently expressed in a very common- place dilemma Either the Synod has something that it ought to do, or not: if it has something, then it ought to do it without more words ; if it has nothing, then it should get that done quickly, and pass on to something else. OUR PUBLIC SCHOOLS. Since last we met, the Minister of Public Instruction has issued his first report of the department which came under his control last year. It is a manifesto of promises rather than a report of results, but this might I be expected from the nature of the case. We are informed that the whole expenditure | on our Public schools was equal to 10s 2d per head of the mean population on which one of our leading journals remarks that, " for the sake of universal education the public will gladly bear that burden, for it secures equivalent benefits available for ; every family in the land." As one of the public, I am quite ready to bear my share of the burden : but I confess that I should have applauded the generous sentiment just quoted much more heartily if the public, for whose liberality the writer was prepared to take his. credit, had seen its way to support says ruWic School system without what the legislature is pleased to call a fresh consideration of the Church and School Lands. As a measure of public policy, the Act in question is a most remarkable production, when it is borne in mind how desirable it is at the present time to reconcile the principal religious denominations to the new v system. To commence operations by shipping the supplies of its neighbours is, to say the least of it, a very graceless method of introducing itself to society. We have all heard of robbing Peter to pay Paul, but to deprive both Paul and Peter of their inherit- ance at one fell swoop is a still % higher achievement of art, I do not wish to use any hard words about this proceeding. Probably, if we only knew it, the Minister of Education deserves our tender sympathy. One can well imagine him sad at heart when contemplating the length of the bills which from time to time he will have to present to the liberal public, and so taking advantage of one of the popular parties or passions too often accepted as fit preliminaries for legislation and caused in' this instance by the bold utterances of the Roman Bishops, he does something towards filling his own coffers by a process which makes ours inconveniently empty. The wise convey it call. It is the way of the world, and we must not judge him harshly : but I am sure that living in a land where all denominations are supposed to be on a common ground of equality, you would do wisely and justly to think twice before lending your sanction to any political devices for the re- pression of Romanism. Romanists are our fellow-citizens, and form part of that generous public, which is to be drawn upon for the support of the Public School system. They have the same political right to hold and to teach what we I believe to be their errors, as we have to hold and to teach what we believe to be the truth. | If the public does really wish them to co-operate in the Public School system, the passing of the Church and Schools Lands Dedication Act was a strange method of seeking reconciliation, and securing united efforts. To us, in this diocese, that Act means the loss of from four to five hundred pounds a year, which is falling upon us just at a time when the church teaching of the children of the church demands a larger annual income rather than one so seriously reduced. Let the example of theEomanistssname us into greater activity. If they can manage to support their own schools, and to be constantly adding new ones to the number, it is not too much to ask that our people should make such an effort as to ensure Church teaching in every Public school of the colony. The policy of Rome in this matter is to hold aloof from the national movement. I think that our wisdom is to throw ourselves heartily into it, and to seek to leaven it with the wholesome leaven of a healthy and manly Christianity. In times past, and in other lands, the Church has fought many a noble battle in behalf of the grand cause of popular education. If we wish to find the true spring of modern progress, the true basis of the right of every man to such culture as the age in which he lives can afford to him, we shall find them, not in the harangues of of demagogues who have no reverence for aught that is higher and holier than their own pet theories, but in such words as those of our own Archbishop Cranmer : When some of the Commissioners for the regulation of the Grammar School of Canterbury Cathedral at tho time of the Reformation, wished to exclude from the benefits of the school all but sons of gentlemen, Cranmer argued that " poor men's children are often endowed with many singular gifts of nature, which are also the gifts of God." When it was replied that " it was meet for the ploughman's son to go to plough, and the artificer's son to apply the trade of his parents' vocation, and the gentlemen's children are meant to have the knowledge of government and rule in the commonwealth," the Archbishop answered that utterly to exclude the ploughman's son and the poor man's son from the benefits of learning, as though they were unworthy to have the gifts of the Holy Ghost bestowed upon them as well as upon others, is as much as to say that Almighty God should not be at liberty to bestow his gifts of grace upon any person but as we and other men shall appoint them to be employed." Those words embody very nobly the church's view of the education of the people. We clergy would be false to the true dignity of our calling-wre churchmen would be false to the honourable traditions of our church-if we allowed the sense of something like personal wrong to prevent our taking as nearly our proper place as we can get in this great interest of future years. The church has been saying for generations that the people ought to be taught witness the persevering efforts of my predecessor in this see to establish a school and to place a teacher in every township of this diocese. And if the State is at length learning the lesson, if she is trying to follow the example of the church, let us be merciful critics of her efforts, although early attempts may show some things done that ought not to have been done : let us honestly try to supply the glaring deficiences of her scheme when we perceive how many things she is leaving undone that ought to be done. The first few copies are sure to have some blots and mistakes on them : we will hope that the pupil may prove docile and willing to learn from those who have themselves learnt in the school of experience. Here, for instance, are two conclusions drawn from observation by one who was for fifteen years an Inspector of Schools in England, and stated by him in the preface to an admirable little volume of Essays on the Education of the People. They are well worthy of the careful thought of all thoughtful people of every denomina- tion, who, through their representatives in Parliament, may influence the educational policy of the future : i. II our purpose be, not merely to teach certain arts of reading, writing and ciphering, but also to civilise children by wholesome training, the success of our school system, whatever shall. I. religious men and then silence is gifts?. in that class from which our treaties must be? ""sent office of teaching, unless direct AuinílSíA S S in their work. of direct re- gleam Strïo«^'^.^ hits the daily routine, the character ofourtïïoh.rïïïnfff'S1*' for the worse. Therefore, without any local baths whether the children might not at Aliwal "* sales ligious Instruction from felt parStimd ss ,ni?»»l«i* grinded that the day .cbooïS^dWOffi d was An."""0*ir0m TATT'S 'says If any religiously minded persons-PIe,D. , terian, and Wesleyans, as well as USE of own cotamunion- shouldbyanycïS 9 these. words, may I commend theorist expressed therein by an educational seem to bear consideration, before they consent? go one Biup turiMBrtowafaB"tHatgoalBl,fo;e, Secularism under the guise of Libya would be only too happy to lead the S And if they ask how the youth other day have fared where a secular system C» vailed, I would refer them to a "Esnortk the Schools Inquiry Commission' on the Common School System of the United States in which he liberal-minded a churchman j. the present Bishop of Manchester-then Mr Fraser states that during his visit to lfr rica, " he found a growing feeling that ra directly religious teaching is required is that even the interests of morality are imp. fectly attended to." In such matters that' the wise learn from the mistakes of of the foolish, from their own. i ^'ÜjW.may Judge from the tales of those who ought to 'become witnesses writers in the public break there must be something wanting lost in either in the moral constitution or to the moral training of the youth of Australia. Unwilling.asryou may well suppoieaseir comer to basso think any evil of those among whom he has come to live, yet when completed come-not from one pen only, but fronting not from one place only, but from across the unwelcome conviction is driven horns that there must be something in them.' Nor if you take up a file of the Sydney Wimm Herald with a view of forming from iii pt rusal some notion of the probable future of Australian society, what conclusion warm compelled to form ? I am afraid one book thing like this: that amoral epidemics! juvenile lawlessness rages on these'skes, which, if moral dangers were apprehended keenly as physical, might Well fill patriotic hearts with a not altogether unworthy alarm The present year was but a few days old She | an article appeared commencing with I words The new year has opened badly as regards the tin"" larrikinism. Their antics at the very first hours of Mr such as would inevitably have caused aconSaRcatioa ballot been for the activity and watchfulness of the police. Ttitii ference which saved property from destruction, itiM it I intimidating only served to exasperate the juvenile spirits! and to incite them to another description of outrages. In a letter which appeared about the first time, a correspondent described latriMaira as the most dangerous of the evils which afflict society in Australia, laying a especially on its rapid and unheeded growth "Some persons," he says, " maintain that the spread of larrikinism is mainly due to climatic influence and the consumption of too much animal food ;" and these influences the writer is disposed to regard as port It is sad that our bright Bananas should be under the suspicion of inducing an opposite effect to that fact the old poet ascribed to the study of the liberal sciences, and instead of softening men's manners should tend to make them brutal and cruel-sad too that our ample supplies of beef and mutton should be paid to no better purpose than to strengthen the hearts of British youths, when they Sui themselves in numbers sufficiently strong to be safe from reprisals, to insult and amid their neighbours, whether of the Caucasus, Ethiopian, or even Mongolian variety. Lastly, you shall have the official report! the Inspector-General of Police, who says! our metropolis : It is useless to ignore the fact that tatempoawotaallj and disorderly conduct are growing evils araongilHflwJ« the youth of the city. well-grounded conpUUti in a Stantly made of wanton injury to property, anaijMWJ» citizens. Females and feeble persons cannot Maum, with any assuranoeMiat they wUlnotbemoleitsdoiUW' by night ; nor is the security much greater by day, This is a very unpleasant picture, lot ii in one which any assembly of well- built b the colony-not least an assembly of chut men met to deliberate on the work watta pi church has to do, and the best means! does it would do well to look at and to get about with great searchings of heart. It is; no consolation to learn from "Our bourne letter' that our southern weights have like complaints to make Increase Victorian children are described as few exceptions loud-voiced, violent, an with a total absence of respect fe elders;" while in another it is stated as Q unquestionable fact that "as a BJ young men and women of Melbourne utterly unpossessed of veneration for M elders, and moreover they are quite mm j in self-control." ,Jm j Now if such statements ultawOTB ] are not true, they ought not to betray: they are are true in the main, then two i nish such a theme as might well came the prophetic power of aoBlijw with the Baptist, if he were to appear among a Do not think that I am going to ctaWjg as consequences upon any system of motion only this I would say, that it any tem of education is to be an agent pony to stem this tide, it must contain at the manifestation of a motive-it saw cate the inspiration of a P" "J what are called in plain Bible u the works of the flesh may wow society, and the fruit of the spirit »"»"J ingly developed and matured. s"J of contrast, and as a relief to our wW us look at Tennyson's sketch NE NW life which had early ripened alongs IH own :- art Who loves not knowledge ? WW signed W Against her beauty ? JULY ii With men and prosper I WM«""»* Her pillars? Let her wish press . . . .' Lethorknow'herpI»«! She is the second not the first. A higher hand must make her m W. all be not in vain i and guW, Her With wisdom, i De not in vain, as Mr jj. footsteps, moving sides seem, like the younger ctUlo. For she is earthly of the mine But Wisdom heaven y of that O friend, who earnest to day got So early, leaving me behind, I would the great world grew Blogg l?dTnlÄbÄPÄ^ In reverence and ft charity. Aye, growth in reverence an J ¡g1 is the great need of Australians graces are the daughters of a, mother whose name is Religion, A flag tralian society makes the con tons J sects a plea for treating were of second-rate importance ful now and then as a Tmt TLM trouble, but apt to be unfit 2 intrusive in the busy world of W ""J arrival wherein characters are be stroll life and habits of conduct settled, 11 fire has not expect to be cheered by the of VM presence of Mence and Charity. If ffiSe will act a Christian part in Sto influence early in their lives our 6 grs for good, then we may have S for a social future brighter than the present. To us all it appertains to Towards this future, each in that special action and ministry with which God has an SS him To some of you belongs the final duty of supplementing the somewhat 'S but by no means worthless, religious SA of the Public School system, by the S! teaching of the Church. Let me say a words about the difficulties of this work SV best methods of overcoming them. Ware are three special dangers attendant upon our School System, noticed in an essay on the Irish System, contained in the volume before referred to. I need scarcely say that your system is in some of its essential features , deal with the Irish. The author describes his own objections to what is known as the mixed system, thus : II i That I thought it must tend to realise precociously to young ILnÄhe religious differences which unhappily divide us , 1% That the sharp distinction between the re various instrao lights secular Wruotion in a school must give the child 'in that An was a thing alongside of and separate steam turbines., instead of being intended to be fused suffers the practical effect must beitosecularise the teacher, Junto regard the religious instruction as a matter of SA importance, put in to satisfy the clergy, on where fittS "ed the responsibility of this part of Mildren's training and if so it could hardly fail to follow Ache" tims viewing their responsibilities, would neglect ffiS their own training and in four cases out of Uve The cause a lowering of the teacher's religious, and there lore, of his moral tone. These weighty words might well have been written for our benefit in New South Wales, so admirably do they describe certain dangers which beset us. I do not pretend to be able to make them cease to be dangers. Dangers they are, and dangers they will remain ; but possibly a little reflection may help us to overcome them. I First then, I would say ". Let your teach- ing be as little controversial as possible, so as not unduly to emphasise the distinctions between those who own their allegiance to one Lord. I do not mean that it is right or wise to' tone down church" teaching until it has lost itjennavbur; "but that it should be taught by way of affirmation of what it is rather than by way of negation of that which is opposed forest.'' Thus thY-'bestróf all large: mountain favour of infant baptism is, to my mind, our Lord's loving reception of little children. That argument can be urged in such a way as to Brickwell in the young churchman's mind without much reference to tuOiAnti-psBdo-baptist controversy. Again, the dignity of the two sacraments, as appointed by our Lord himself and their title to a special place and name among the means of grace, may be so insisted upon as to make the Anglican position clear to the mind without the trouble of contrasting it with the Roman. Briefly, let it be your aim to exhibit truth rather than to expose error. II. I feel very strongly the danger that religion, being made so very strongly a special subject, may come to be regarded by the children as something outside of their common life, instead of being, to borrow an illustra- tion of Dean Goulburn's, like the golden thread in a tissue,' always there, running through the whole, though only now and then appearing in its distinct brightness to the eye. How are we to guard against this Not I think, by teaching manners and morality only, as some are disposed to advise us, but by connecting closely truth of doctrine with righteousness of life. St. Paul did this in those expositions of a Christian's Faith and Duty which he gave us in his epistles. When you speak of doctrine, show what duty Icjwstrom it as stream from spring when you speak of duty, trace it to its source in doctrine. Are you illustrating the need of purity ? Then let the Apostle's thought of the Christian as the temple of the Holy Ghost ' lead you up to doctrine. Are you trying to inspire young minds with a sense of the grady of our Lord Jesus Christ?" Then do not look upon your doctrinal lesson as complete until you have brought home to the hearts and daily lives of the little ones who hear you some of the thousand possible applications of the words, ' For even Christ pleased not himself.' If we thus connect doctrine and morals, we can let the wish so frequently expressed that the clergy would leave doctrine alone, and teach morality' pass us by like the idle wind that it is. III. And as to the teacher, do not treat him as a rival or opponent, but as in some sort a fellow labourer and if you can make a friend and ally of him. If he be rude and churlish, then pity him, and call to mind the saying of the old divine, that as it takes two to fight a duel, be for the most part it takes two to make a quarrel. Do not readily give him up as a hopeless parishioner. He can help you in your work, and you can help him in his and ever remember that "as the teacher is, so is the school," and that as the school is, so to a great extent will the parishioners of the future be. SEE REVISED VERSION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT You will scarcely expect from me on this occasion any attempt at a review of the heroines the Church in England during the last four, months. I candidly confess that before leaning the old country I was thoroughly weary of the tedious controversy concerning the interpretation of rubrics, and the regulation, of ceremonial, and I have not yet recovered any such interest in the questions at issue as would lead me to dwell with any lealihterest and enthusiasm on the arguments for or against the wearing of vestments or the burning of incense, It is a reason for great thankfulness that in this diocese we are fairly free from the distress and vexation that attend disputes over points of ritual. I hope that I shall not be put down as a Jesuit in disguise, when I say that my observation of Australian churches hitherto has led to the conviction that they err rather in the way of defect than of exceSS. We want more bright- ness to eye and ear which shall express and Mp to excite feelings of gladness in connection with public worship, more devoutness of uCmeanour, more heartiness of response. You TO I believe, recognise the wisdom of our weeping clear of the thorny paths into which 1? offensive zeal of some of her children has of the Established Church. The Revised Version of the New Testament would be a Blessing of untold value, if it only drew off w0"T**8 of the religiously minded from £8 that after all are not worth the time and. temper they have cost, and fixed them on more worthy objects. It is very refreshing T tad what are sometimes called religious newspapers turning to the consideration of Holy Scripture, and of the relative value of aurerent attempts to present it in their 1? trague In itself this change is a great gain. It is not my purpose to-day to express any opinion on the merits of the Revision. The names of the scholars who had the work in hand is sufficient guarantee of the thoroughness of the work, and the very charge that has been brought against them that they have introduced some unnecessary alterations which spoil the rhythm of the sentence, and mar the familiar association of the honoured phrase-this very charge proves how anxiously desirous they have been to put the English reader in possession of the exact equivalent of the original. What an advantage this is, when we are trying to follow the argument of a difficult passage. I believe that already a wave of renewed interest in Bible Studies has swept over English-speaking people, and that the prayer with which the Revision Committee conclude their preface is being abundantly fulfilled-" that the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ may be more clearly and more freshly shewn forth to all who shall be readers of this book." It is not for me to prophesy the ultimate fate of what is known as the Authorized Version and this Revision. Perhaps the issue most to be hoped for is that the revision should be thoroughly tested in the fires of criticism, and that eventually such changes should be sanctioned by authority as are judged, needful in order to _ remove obscurities and to obviate misconceptions'. I feel quite sure that none of the clergy of this diocese will use this Revised Version in public without its being duly appointed to be read. This would be a rash and venturesome change. I do not like to see in critiques the island the new set one against another as though they were the wages of rival merchants. At present we should accept this fruit of much labour gratefully, and try to use it wisely. So it will prove the best commentary that we can have upon the older' version. In the preparation of sermons, for instance, this double reference may often save us from unconsciously perverting a text to a meaning which, however wholesome in itself, the passage before us' will not bear. With- out obtruding subtle distinctions, we may fitly enter into the labours of those who have counted toil a privilege, if they could thereby put the English race throughout the world in possession of the true meaning of that which apostles and evangelists write. OUR DIOCESAN HISTORY. Turning] now to our own diocesan affairs, I am thankful to say that signs of church activity within our borders are not wanting. During the twelve months that I have been among you, I have been called upon to con- secrate three churches, Branxton, Woodville, and Bylong-all good substantial buildings-the first-named by the strenuous efforts of the Incumbent of the Lochinvar parish, whom we are all sorry to miss from MR place to-day owing to a serious accident, being opened and consecrated at the same time. He has been well seconded in this matter by his parishioners, and minister and people enjoy the privilege of united worship, owing no man anything save the universal debt of love. I have also been present at the opening of two other churches-both very credit- able buildings-at Blandford and at Wallsend, but they have not yet been consecrated. It is a great satisfaction to me to see these permanent structures taking the place of those wooden tabernacles, which in some cases have done duty until they could scarcely be kept together any longer. May I suggest that even they might easily be made a little more church-like in their arrangements than many of them are at very little extra cost, and with great gain to them who meet within their walls. The changes in our staff of workers have been few in number. The Rev. C. D. Newman, who was absent from our last session owing to ill health, has since been called to his rest. He had worked on in spite of increasing bodily weakness almost to the last, and, I may venture to add, he has left behind him a memory void of offence. The Rev. F. E. Newton has succeeded him as incumbent of Wollombi, and I believe that his parishioners both are, and have every reason to be, well satisfied with his efforts in the discharge of the duties of that laborious cure. The Rev. W. Lund has left us to take charge of a district in the Diocese of Goulburn and the Rev. OF Withey, who has had long experience of colonial clerical life both in New Zealand and Australia, has succeeded him as Assistant Minister of Morpeth. I wish that I could report a large increase in the number of our Catechists, but this is almost stationary. One has left, having been accepted as a candidate for orders in a neighbouring diocese. Two have joined the little company, and are, I think, proving themselves very useful workers in the parishes where they have been placed. We have now seven Catechists at work, six of whom also officiate as Lay Readers. With the present demands upon time and energy in the supply of Church Teaching in the Public Schools, there would indeed be no lack of occupation for seven times Seven. In order to meet the dire pressure which will come upon us, when the provisions of the Church and School Lands Dedication Act take effect, I have commenced a Bishop of Newcastle's Fund, the aim of which is, in few words, to provide workers to do the work that wants doing. That there is need of them may be inferred from the fact that in one of our parishes there are no less than twenty-six public schools, at distances varying from half a mile to forty four miles from the parsonage. It is something worse than absurd to set one clergyman down in the midst of such a group, and expect him to give religious instruction in all these schools, besides attending to his other pastoral duties. Surely it is the bounden duty of all churchmen especially of those who have supported the recent educational policy of this colony-to See to it that its provisions for Church Teaching do not become a dead letter through the dearth of teachers. My thanks are due to the Incum- bents of Morpeth, St. Paul's, West Maitland, Singleton, and Scone, for kindly requesting me to put the real state of the case before their parishioners-and to the Churchwardens of the same parishes and of Raymond Terrace for collections and contributions received or promised. I have not at present expended any of the sums that have thus come into my hands, but have added to them a small balance due to me on last year's Registry Account. We shall want all before long, and as much more as we can raise. I wonder what annual income we should have for church purposes if our people gave in proportion to their means by Romanists do in proportion to theirs and if any should think that in some instances unworthy motives prompt them to liberal gifts, I would ask whether it is not a sorry compliment to the worthier motive that it is allowed to produce a result proportionately so much smaller. I turn to a much more agreeable subject than this harassing question of finance our recent Confirmations. I have this year visited seventeen parishes out of our twenty five, and have held thirty-six confirmations,. with a total of more than 1300 candidates. In five of these parishes over one hundred candidates were presented. I hope to visit the remaining eight parishes on the same errand before Advent. This confirmation tour has been one of my most encouraging experiences since I came among you. The figures which I have given represent an average to the population which would, I believe, be considered satisfactory in an English diocese and when we consider the difficulties under which our clergy work, owing to the extent of their parishes, the figures speak well for their zeal and energy. The difficulty of carrying out a systematic plan of instruction is doubtless great, as the classes that can be formed at the various centres must often consist of but two or three gathered together. But I will venture to say that there is no work that you do for your people more full of promise than is careful preparation of candidates for this ordinance. It may have some of the best features of a parochial mission, recalling to the minds of many ortisie-wbeil they confessed themselves Christ's soldiers and servants, and stirring up afresh interest in holy things. An occasion of special sympathy with the young may thus become a special opportunity of grace and blessing for the old. and who can estimate what power for righteousness there may be in words of Christian counsel spoken at a time when life is opening before the young Christian-in holy resolutions embodied in those solemn words ' I do in prayer that the fatherly hand may ever be over him, the Holy Spirit ever with him A well-known writer on pastoral work may well describe the season of preparation for Confirmation as to the faithful parish priest " at once the most laborious and the most blessed portion of all his private ministra- tions;" and I would add that is thrice blessed if well followed up afterwards by the tokens of a continued friendly interest in those who have been confirmed I am thankful to find that in various parts of the diocese Christian lay- men and Christian women are ready to help their minister in the work of preparation, especially when his visits to any neighbourhood are of necessity few and rare: but no true-hearted pastor will allow this to be a substitute for such share of his own personal work as' he can give for he knows that to him those precious weeks often prove just the time when to him the door of a human heart is opened. ' In my previous address to Synod I expressed a hope that we might be able to establish ruri-decanal and diocesan conferences. By the kind invitation of Canon White, some of the neighbouring clergy came to Muswellbrook when I visited that parish, and we thus had an opportunity of talking over some points of interest in our common work. This evening we propose to hold in this hall a conference on Christian Missions, short addresses being given on the following subjects The duty of the Christian Church with respect to Missionary Effort; Past Efforts in the diocese of Newcastle in behalf of Missionary Work ; the Foreign Missions of the Church of England, the Melanesian mission being taken as a special subject; the mutual relations of Christianity and civilisa- tion and lastly, the reflex benefits of a practical interest in missions upon our congregations. If I live to meet you on other similar occasions, I should be glad to have other subjects taken up, and to secure the help of some lay as well as clerical brethren in discussing them. It is perhaps rather early to talk of our next session, but I would suggest " Our Sunday Schools and how to improve them as likely to prove a profitable theme. There is another detail which I wish to mention to Synod. Mr. George Knox, barrister-at-law, has very kindly consented to advise me in legal matters pertaining to our diocesan work. Mr. Knox was a pupil of mine at Cambridge, where, to his own credit, and I hope a little to mine also, he took a very good degree. His position differs from that of the Chancellor of a Diocese, in that he claims no seat in Synod. It is in fact that of consulting counsel, and I have already found the great advantage of this arrangement. lay readers. It is at once a duty and a pleasure to acknowledge thus publicly the great debt which the Diocese owes to those gentlemen who have discharged the office of Lay Reader. Without their help the opportunities of public worship among the scattered populations of our country districts would have fallen far below their present all too meagre standard The number of those who are engaged in this pious and charitable work is at present thirty one in twenty-one parishes, in addition to the stipendiary readers or catechists. The power of clear and intelligent reading is a gift which cannot be more fitly employed than in thus leading the assemblies of them who meet for common prayer, and common praise, and mutual edification. I hope that none attempt to discharge this duty without some previous acquaintance with the sermon which they are about to deliver, as otherwise the composition must lose much of its force and beauty, assuming that it originally possessed those desirable characteristics. It is a grand rule for all who have any official share in the services of the Church to do whatever they have to do as well as they can do it. If they are to be rendered as they should be, no part of them must be treated as unimportant. I do not, of course, mean that all parts should be said or read with the same degree of emphasis that the place of the lesson for instance should be announced with the same modulations of voice that are used when the united thanksgivings of the congregation are gathered into our beautiful thanksgiving prayer-but that each part has its proper place, that no word should be spoken as though it mattered not whether it were spoken or not, that all mental and vocal slovenliness should be carefully avoided. So far as in us lies, let our speech be the true exponent of the " reverence that in us dwells." While our lay readers have done most useful work for the Church, their position and duties have hitherto been left somewhat vague and indeterminate. I know that it would be satisfactory to some of our zealous helpers in this department if official authority were given to them for the exercise of their functions. I propose, in future, to issue licenses upon the nomination of the parochial clergy, and I request them not to allow any but duly licensed readers to officiate in any of our churches. The office is of too weighty a character to be dealt with in the somewhat casual fa8l"°n which appears of late to have prevailed. The form of license which I have drawn up does not suppose the making of any subscriptions to articles or canons, but simply confers authority to perform the office of reader, and enjoins upon those receiving the authority that they in all their public ministrations observe the order of the Church of England, that they comply with instructions issued by the Bishop of the Diocese, and that, as far as is in them, they promote the peace and welfare of the Parish, which they propose to serve. By way of bringing this branch of our organization into order, I have appended certain short instructions, which I will read : I -The Lay Readers in the Diocese of Newcastle are authorized publicly to read the Morning and Evening Prayers, the Litany and such printed sermons as may be approved by the Incumbent of the parish, but they shall not use the Absolution, nor any part of the Communion Service, neither shall they deliver sermons of their own composition. NB-All Readers duly licensed should wear the surplice. The me of the surplice is, however, optional with those already holding the office, but must be regarded as obligatory upon such as shall hereafter be admitted thereto. III. AU Readers shall loyally accept and obey the directions of the incumbents of the several parishes wherein they serve in all matters pertaining to the discharge of the duties of their office not herein provided for, the Incumbent being in all cases responsible for the decent and orderly performance of Divine Service in the churches within their several cures. IN. Any Reader ceasing to be a Communist Member of the Church of England or finding himself unable conscientiously to observe these instructions is requested forthwith to signify the same to the Bishop. . _-iJlJÏE^ËSaSION's WORK. It remains for me briefly to indicate ""the work before us this week. An ordinance bearing upon the difficult question of the Endowment of the Parish of Morpeth will be submitted to you, and will require good tem- per and clear judgment if it is to be brought to a satisfactory issue. An amendment of the Parochial Funds Ordinance is also contemplated. In obedience to the instructions of Synod, the Diocesan Council revised the Ordinance for defining the boundaries of existing parishes and for the formation of new parishes, but if more important work should come before you I do not think that much harm would be done by the postponement of this to a future session. Our clergy are for the most part so far from the boundaries of their parishes, that they have really no excuse for quarrelling with their next neighbours as to the precise limits of their cures ; while to provide for the division of parishes is unhappily at present very much like giving a cookery book instead of food into the hand of a hungry man. We have Several parishes that want division badly enough, but the difficulty is not so much how to divide them as how to maintain them in working order when divided. I fear that the former will not trouble me much before next May. Let me bespeak your careful study and criticism for the Cathedral Ordinance, if time allows of its consideration. It is not needful for me to detain you by accumulating proofs that something ought to be done in this matter. In the midst of all that is bright and happy in the annual meetings of our Synod, that which should be the very centre of our brightness and happiness is dull, dingy, and depressing. We have assembled this morning for the highest act of our Christian worship. The service on an occasion like this should be such as would leave behind a pleasant memory for months to come. It should be such as to inspire us with a spirit of holy reverence and of hopeful gladness-? so carefully rendered as to be a pattern to all our parishes. At present our cathedral is our shame. What is to be done ? I would say, Let us make up our minds what we wish to be done. Three courses are open. One is to build and constitute a cathedral, in entire independence of all parochial conditions. This plan has been adopted in Melbourne and Adelaide, and I have no doubt whatever that where practicable it is the best ; but I fear that for us it is quite impracticable, as we have no town so decidedly chief among its neighbours as to encourage us to inaugurate the effort with a reasonable prospect of success. The second course is to give up the cathedral idea altogether, and to encourage our Newcastle friends to build a fair and spacious parish church, not altogether unworthy of their town, and of that most beautiful of sites. The third is to endeavour to effect a compromise between the cathedral and parochial principles. Taking all things into account, I think that this course is the best for us and it is with that aim in view that the ordinance to be submitted to you has been prepared. It is avowedly a compromise, and as such it should be regarded. I do not say that it is the best possible compromise, and I hope that you will make it better ; but I can assure you that it has not been drawn up without considerable thought and labour. But whatever is done, let it be done with a manful determination that this reproach shall ere long be wiped away. There are two other matters on which it would, I think, be wise of the Synod to take action. One is the utter confusion into which our marriage regulations have fallen. This is one of those questions on which I think that the Provincial Synod might well take action, if action were possible to it As things are, one custom prevails in the diocese of Sydney, another in that of Grafton and Armidale, while this diocese illustrates its intermediate position by a most inconvenient confusion of customs. This disorder has no doubt arisen in part from the misunderstanding of an answer given in Synod by the late Bishop, but it is none the less to be deeply deplored, and speedily removed. I may say that I can- not myself admit the position that a clergy- man is bound herein only by colonial law, unless we are violently to snap the link which binds us to the traditionary usage of our mother church. A branch of the Catholic Church cannot with any self-respect thus accept its domestic disciple ready-made from the hands of the State. It is quite conceiv- able that a marriage might be allowed by State law which the church could not sanc- tion and it would be far better for us as churchmen to have a law of their own, and to abide by it, than to leave to each individual clergyman the invidious task of deciding upon each case that comes before him according to what he supposes to be its merits. As I am desirous of having the full concurrence of Synod in any action that may be taken, I shall be glad if you can see your way either to directing the special attention of the Diocesan Council to the subject, or to appointing a select committee to report and to prepare an ordinance for our next session. The other point that I wish to urge upon your attention is the necessity of some official inspection of our church buildings, especially our parsonages, with a view to their being kept in proper repair. We want some regulations which shall do, in a way suited to our circumstances, what the Dilapidations Act does for England. The course of things at present is too often something like this. An Incumbent holds a parish-say for tea or fifteen years and during that period little or nothing is done towards the repair of the parsonage. Naturally enough, he does not like to be perpetually worrying the churchwardens about what they may possibly regard as his own personal affairs. What is likely to happen next? The incumbency is vacant. Probably the parishioners, prompted by a sympathy which one would be sorry indeed to discourage, subscribe liberally to a fund for widow and children. They thus exhaust their giving capabilities, or at all events their giving tendencies, and the unhappy successor takes up his abode in a more or less picturesque ruin and must consider himself fortunate if the contributions to the Stipend Fund do not fall below the average by way of compensating him for the inevit- able expenses attendant upon removal. I should be glad to see every parish in the diocese act upon the good old proverb a stitch in time saves nine ;" and it seems to me that Synod might be much less usefully employed than in devising some simple method by which the stitch in time could be systematically applied. CONCLUSION. I feel that an apology is due to you for the length at which I have spoken this morning, but I will not add to my fault by many words in self-defence. I can only say that it is lack "T.rtirï.,r>ftvbjSS. man of subjects on which I £ ^vf^r^~^V-U--«Ä^:4-v^ hrJBKB this should like to speak zoryvttr~eirar *~~*& sauce address to a termination now. My brethren of the laity, I thank- you for your presence, and for the valuable assistance which from year to year we derive from your united counsel. May you return to your respective homes with a firm resolve to work that work of the Lord, which is your calling as well as ours, earnestly and lovingly; and, for the work's sake, to bear patiently and kindly with what you conceive to be the faults and shortcomings of us who minister to you in holy things. My brethren of the clergy, let me assure you of my hearty sympathy with you in the discouragements and difficulties incident to the discharge of your weighty office, and of my desire to be helpful to you in every way, " Be not weary in well-doing, for in due season we shall reap if we faint not." When distances seem great, and results seem small, may you hear by the ear of faith a voice like to that which once spake to the Apostle of the Lord : Be of good cheer ; I am with thee ; I have much people amid these hills and plains, these creeks and valleys. On the motion of the Ven. Archdeacon Child, duly seconded, the Synod adjourned till four o'clock in the afternoon. AFTERNOON SITTING. The Synod re-assembled at four o'clock. On the motion of Mr. E. C. Close, seconded by Mr. F. E. White, the President was thanked for his address, and asked to allow it to be recorded in the proceedings of Synod. Mr. White said the laity were very grateful to his Lordship for his interesting and instructive address. He had spoken out in an unmistakeable manner on many subjects, and the address had been most valuable. Archdeacon Child expressed his thanks on behalf of the clergy for the encouraging words contained in the address. The motion was carried, and the President gave the consent applied for. petition. A petition was presented by Mr. H. D. Portus, on behalf of inhabitants of Morpeth, in support of the ordinance to provide in perpetuity the sum of one hundred pounds per annum towards the maintenance of the incumbent of St. James Church, Morpeth. The petition was received. REPORTS. The following reports were received : Report of the Diocesan Council, with Treasurer's statement of accounts, and statistical and financial returns. Report of the Trustees of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund. Report of the Committee for the management of the Book Depository. Report of the Trustees of the Church Property in the Diocese. Report of the Committee of the late Bishop of Newcastle Memorial Fund. Report of the Diocesan Corresponding Committee of the Board of Missions. Report of Select Committee upon properties of the late Bishop. Report of Select Committee to prepare Ordinance for endowment of parish of Morpeth. DRAFT ORDINANCES READ A FIRST TIME. The following Draft Ordinances were read a first time : Draft Ordinance to provide in perpetuity the sum of one hundred pounds per annum towards the maintenance of the incumbent of St. James' Church, Morpeth. Draft Ordinance to amend the Parochial and Diocesan Funds Ordinance of 1876. Draft Ordinance to provide for the definition of the boundaries of existing parishes, and for con- stituting new parishes in the diocese. The Synod adjourned to half-past nine on Wednesday morning. 