THE STORY-TELLER DONE IN DARKNESS. BY A. WINSTANLEY. (CONTINUED). The short drive to the church, the bells of which were pealing forth in honour of the festival — was performed in silence. On alighting at the sacred edifice we found it full of spectators. A little within the porch, Sir John Redcar stood apart from the few in vited guests, awaiting us. He was extremely pale, and appeared unaccountably nervous, while his eyes were strangly restless and wandering. He advanced immediately upon our entrance, and, with a pang, surrendering Marian to him — it was like parting sonl from body — I followed them up the aisle, scarcely conscious of anything but my darling's pre sence and my own misery. The clerk, with some little fuss, owing to the importance of the occasion and the parties, having put us in our proper places, the rite commenced. During it, my eyes never quitted Marian. She was composed in feature, yet trembled visibly. Everything had proceeded quietly until the moment came for Sir John Redcar to place the ring on Marian's finger ; when, as he ex tended his hand to receive his bride's, to my horror I beheld a dim, long, bluish one slowly held toward him, overshadowing hers. With a cold, creeping sensation about my hair, I raised my eyes, and perceived, standing by her side, bending even with her, the mist-like shape, only now two angry eyes seemed to gleam from it upon the baronet. I recoiled with a cry, which was drowned in a fearful shriek from Sir John. He, too, had seen that dusky hand, those terrible eyes ; for, his own wild, fixed and dilated, he staggered back, uttered another shriek, then lell senseless before the altar-rails. In an instant, all was confusion. Marian had fainted, and she was my first care. Carrying her into the vestry, I applied re storatives and brought lier to: when, my mind in a whirl, I hastened to the baronet. I found kim extended on the pavement, breath ing heavily, and supported on the arm of his old confidential servant, who was angrily keeping all others distant. ' I tell you he doesn't like it !' he exclaimed, as I came up. 4 You'll just make him worse than ever if he finds you about him when he comes round. Go back ! or some of you tell the coachman to come and help me put him in the carriage and take him home !' 1 Stay,' I said ; 4 1 may be of some service. I am a doctor.' 4 Doctor !' growled the old man. 4 He hates the sight of them. It's as.good as my place is worth to let one come mgh him.' I, however, was not to he "put off. 1 Stand aside!' I said, authoritatively. 4 As the closest male friend of the lady — who, but for this occurrence, would now be your master's wife — I have a right to attend him.' Kneeling, I rested the baronet against my own knee, and examined his eyes and pulse. His breathing was rather like one in night mare than a faint, and I attributed the seizure to epilepsy. 4 You are right,' I said to the servant. 4 The best tiling is to take Sir John home. The marriage cannot proceed.' 4 1 should think not,' he mattered. 4 Mind, it isn't my fault you are here. He'll send you off sharp when he comes to.' 4 I'll take all responsibility respecting that matter,' I rejoined. Then, having explained my fears to the j clergyman, and dispatched him to Marian, I had the baronet conveyed to the carriage, took my place beside him — much to the evi dent uneasiness of the servant, who sat him self opposite — and drove quickly to the Grange. On reaching it I had Sir John placed on the bed in his own room, and endeavoured to restoi e him to consciousness, while the old servant guarded the door against all intruders. My efforts were speedily rewarded. In about five minutes reason returned, and the at- a. "1 J _ aJ Cfn ir\/v mf A IcDuEDt S WOluo \t:fj VcllUCU a sitting position, the baronet gazed sharply around, then ordered us both peremptorily from the room. I would have expostulated ; but the old man, plucking me by the sleeve, whispered, eagerly, 4 For the love of heaven, don't aggravate him ! You'll only make him worse ! He's better alone — I know him.' Perceiving he was no doubt right, I with draw into the ante-room. Hardly had we closed the door than I heard Sir John spring off the bed and torn the key. I would not, however, go, but waited where I was, hoping, in a short time, he would grow calmer, and admit me, when I determined to seek a clue to this supernatural mystery. For a space, all was silent in the other apartment ; after that, I caught strange mut- terings. broken by outbursts of fearful raving, which subsided into sobs and moans. What did it all mean? How many hundred times, since I had been at Darwyn, had I asked myself that question unsuccessfully? — and with equal ill-success I now repeated it, as I paced the room, my brain perfectly dis tracted. The natural conclusion would have been that Sir John was subject to fits of insanity, and that conclusion I most assuredly ahould have arrived at, had it not been for the gray shape, which now had besome so certainly blended with him. I was positive that he had seen it, and that it was, its presence which" had occasioned his fit at the altar. Should X declare my knowledge of this fact ? I had pondered thus for fully half an hour, when the silence was broken by a terrible cry, a cry expressive of fury and the extremest fear. The next moment the door was flung open, and the baronet rushed into the room. His face was ghastly to look upon ; his dark eyes were dilated and rolling; every limb shook as with ague. 4 My God !' he gasped ; 4 it is useless I I can bear it no longer 1 It will be my death ! All is in vain ! In mercy, Gilbert Morden, do not leave me ; I dare not be alone !' Trembling, sobbing, he dropped into a chair, his face, however, never averted from the open door of his bedchamber. I tried to compose him. I felt his hands, his brow, imagining to discover fever ; they were cold as ice, and damp as witn tne aews oi aeaiu. He breathed laboriously, and I was convinced his mind was occupied otherwise than by my words. A few seconds proved I was correct. Rising abruptly, and catching my wrist, he said, 4 Come with me, Gilbert Morden ; I'll prove it ! Do you fear entering yonder room ?' 4 Fear, Sir John! — why should I?' I an swered, advancing. But he did not permit me to take the lead. Going first, he drew me quickly into the apart- ment. I found the blinds down, so that a dim light pervaded the place. 4 Look there !' he whispered, tightly grasp- iny my shoulder with one hand, while, with the other, he pointed into a distant corner. 4 Tell me, Gilbert Morden, do you see any- ; thing ? As you believe in a hereafter, answer truly.' I started. 4 Ah !' he instantly exclaimed, looking into my eyes ; 4 you do see it ?' 4 1 see,' I answered, 4 a gray mist, which bears something the resemblance of a man.' The baronet, releasing me, turned away with a heartrending moan. 4 Is all the world, then, to see it ?' I heard him murmur. Then, after a space, during which he seemed nerving himself for some effort, he ad vanced rapidly, yet with unsteady steps, to the bed, and threw himself down upon one side. I observed he kept his hands over his eyes, and trembled like a woman. 4 Tell me, Gilbert Morden,' he ejaculated hoarsely, 4 what do you see now V 4 The thing has moved,' I said ; 4 it is lying beside you. Great God !' I cried in horror, as the misty shape suddenly took more definite form, 4 it is the murdered man !' The baronet uttering a fearful scream leaped from the bed. 4 Murdered man !' he exclaimed, turning a haggard gaze upon me. 4 What do yon mean, Gilbert Morden ?' 4 That the figure which laid by you had blood over his face — that it was the phantom of a murdered man !' I responded firmly, yet much agitated. 4 For the love of heaven, Sir John, what fearful crime have you upon your conscience — for, assuredly, you have one.' Had I not been so horrified and excited, I should have been less abrupt in my accusa tion, knowing the state the baronet was in. Almost unconsciously, however, the sentence broke from my lips, and the next moment I had to do with a madman indeed. Bashing to the door, Sir John locked it, and thrust the key into his pocket. 4 Gilbert Morden,' he replied, 4 you know too much ! You have my secret, and shall not quit, this room alive !' His dark eyes dilated by insanity, he advanced threateningly upon me. He was a powerful man naturally, and I knew, his strength being now trebly increased by mad ness, that I was no match for him. "What was I to do ? In a few seconds his muscular hands would he about my throat ; and his words, that I should not quit the room, be verified. My heart sunk. Still, to betray fear, I knew would be my death-warrant ; so, looking him firmly in the eyes, never re treating a step, I said, 4 Sir John, it is not in your power to do me harm ! I do not fear you, for there is one present who will pro tect me !' 4 Who — who can protect you ?' he cried. 4 The murdered man who is following you !' The words instantly had the effect I hoped. His anger against me was forgotten in terror. Turning, he addressed the spirit now in pleading — now in passion — now reviling it ; the whole interspersed by bursts of maniacal laughter. Then he defied it, and flung him self on one side of the bed, from which he rolled to the other ; each time, to my horror, the form of the murdered man shifting its position to the space unoccupied. The scene was both sickening and awful to witness — so awful, that I stood rooted to the spot, too paralysed to summon aid. Abruptly, the phase of madness changed ; his bravado once more gave place to abject fear. He tore aside the blinds to admit the light, and as the day shone in the phantom vanished. But not to the baronet, who evidently had hoped he would. I could tell by his manner that not only did he behold it, but that, apparently, it was advancing upon him, for lonl'innp 'fvAm if1 n a a Aninof i # tti fL uauixiMg iiviii uv iuuuu attiuov xv tvivii uio hands, which seemed merely to beat the air. At last, retreating, he reached the wall, and could go no further. He immediately became silent. His arms dropped helplessly to his side ; his chest heaved with his long-drawn, deep breathing ; while his eyes were riveted, it appeared from the direction of their gaze, on the ghost's hand. They followed it nearer and nearer, until it seemed to rest upon Ms heart; when, with a sharp, catching sigh, Sir John fell insensible to the floor. Instantly I got possession of the key; waited a few minutes to recover my self-pos session ; then, calling for help, lifted the miserable man upon the bed. For four hours he laid in a trance-like slumber, and I sat watching by his side ; while one or two of the footmen stayed in the ante-room, in case returning consciousness in their master should be accompanied by re turning insanity. This, however, was not so. "When the baronet opened Ms eyes, the light of reason was in them. For a brief space he laid still, his features so placid that I imagined the late iiwful scene might be as a forgotten dream — a sealed book to him. " Such was not the case. Soon I saw the gaze wander round the apartment, in quest, I knew, of what. It zested on one spot, and I caught these words, , faintly murmured : 4 Yes, you have conquered — you have haunted me to the death ! My punishment is merited; but it is more than I can bear ! Yes ; I am ready; he added, after a brief silence, as if in answer to some ques tion. 4 It shall be as you wish, and my atonement ' There was another pause ; then the baronet said, 1 Are you there, Gilbert Morden ?' Stepping from the shadow of the curtain, I replied in the affirmative. 4 Will you do me a favour,' he askea, gently. 4 Will you send all others out of hearing, and remain by me alone? Or have I frightened you too much to trust me ?' My answer was to close the door of com munication with the ante-room, and to re turn to my seat by his side. 4 It is as you desire, Sir John,' I said. 4 Thanks. How generous you are !' he re- Viimcnlf clialltlv. he JUIliCUi AJiCii j 1 iliStiig jiliuoviJi w"o / proceeded : 4 Gilbert Morden, you have seen that — that — you have seen Mm !' 4 Yes,' I replied. 4 Did you recognise him !' he asked, fur tively regarding me, then quickly removing Ms gaze. 4 No ; how could I, Sir John, when ' 4 Ah!' he interrupted, with a sickening shudder ; 4 when that red mask covers it ! It is fearful, horrible — is it not? Well, he whom you have seen — he who thus has been constantly haunting me — in life was Mr. Sel- bourne, Marian's father !' 4 Mr. Selbourne !' I cried, unable from sur prise, to say more. 4 Yes.' And now the words came fast from the speaker's white quivering lips. 4 He was murdered, and it was I who murdered him !' 4 You !' I ejaculated, springing from the bedside — 4 you !' I gasped, 4 murdered him ! My benefactor — my second father ! Are you mad, Sir John?' 4 1 did ! I am sane enough — more so than when I did it.' 4 Did it !' I repeated, in loathing. 4 You assassinated the father, and with your hand6 red with his blood, dared to woo the child !' 4 Exactly — Marian was the cause of all!' he replied, regarding the hands I had men tioned with a shiver, as if he beheld the crimson stain. 4 You are a doctor, and your self have constituted me your patient ; you cannot now leave me ; therefore, be merciful, and hear the tale I have to tell. It is your ear that alone can receive it ; for I shall never again behold Marian — not even to pray for forgiveness, as, before this day is over, I shall be in the presence of another Judge ! In your lenity, let me find hope of His ! Stay ! look into my face — feel my pulse ! I am no doctor, yet i Know my moments are numbered — that I am a dead man !' I knew it, even as he, so great a change had come over him. With a groan of anguish at the confession I had heard, I dropped back on to the chair. 4 You loved him much!' he asked with singular tenderness. 4 As a father,' I replied. . 4 How difficult, then, will it be for you to pardon !' he sighed. 4 You also love her ?' I started. 4 Yes,' he proceeded ; 4 1 read that at once, but I could not give her up after I had done so much to win her. Now listen, for my voice grows weak ; he, standing yonder, knowing how brief a time I have, hurries me to speak.' I obeyed, half thinking, even now, that I was listening to the wild statements of a mad man, but I was speedily convinced otherwise. In concise sentences, Sir John commenced; 4 When Mr. Selbourne was thirty years of age, Gilbert Morden, and I ten years his junior, we both loved the same woman — Marian's mother. Yes — for my position was different then to what it is now — and I was rejected, while Edward Selbourne, owing much to her parents' influence, was accepted, though not loved as I was. Need I say that I hated Mm — hated him from my very soul, from his triumph over me — and he did triumph caueliy ! Ah ! I loved her better, far better thon it was in his nature to love, though generous and kind enough in other respects. 4 It was impossible to live in the same place and witness their happiness, so I went to London, for the above occurred in Man chester. Nearly eighteen years elapsed, and I became Sir John Redcar. I hastened to take possession of my estate ; and the first man I met, by chance, on my arrival; to con gratulate me, was Mr. Selbourne. My enmity had died with time, and I did not reject his hand. He told me Gertrude was dead' ; that he had one daughter ; and that he had mar ried again. The intelligence pleased me, for it proved the deeper sincerity of my love, which had never permitted another to hold Gertrnde's place in my heart, and a tender feeling sprang up within me toward her child. 4 Because of this, I readily accepted her father's invitation to visit at his villa near the Grange. I made but one condition — that the past story of our lives should never be revealed to others ; and I have every reason to believe he kept the vow he made.' The baronet paused, and then proceeded. 4 1 must shorten my story,' he said, 4 for mv time draws near. I saw Marian. SVip was the image of her -mother at the time I knew her, and it seemed I was again in Ger trude's presence. What wonder that I loved ? I made my affection known to her father. Without hesitation, he refused. He said he intended her for you; and, in any case, should not give her to me, who had loved her mother. I persisted, and he forbade me the house. TMs deprivation of seeing her drove me mad, so intense was the passion I had transferred from Gertrude to TMariftn. 4 Late one night — that of his disappear ance — I met Mr. Selbourne returning from Liverpool. I persuaded Mm to come to the Grange. Unseen by the servants, we entered by the library windows, and again I urged . my suit. I pleaded, persuaded, prayed. Oh, God ! so stupendous was my love for her that I even knelt to him !' 4 He treated me with ridicule and scorn. I deserved it. He spurned me with his hand ; he used terms I will not repeat ; and, heait- less coward ! he taunted me with my double failure — the mother and the child. 4 He went, passing out through the windows as he had come. For a brief while I writhed on the floor, enraged by disappointment and humiliation. I thought, with crimson blushes of shame, how this man would make me a mock, a jest, because of that night's oc currence. My old hate was renewed. It was decided in a second. Leaping up, I seized a pistol from the case, and pursued my enemy. « He had taken the short cut through the grounds. I overtook him on a glassy glade, snow-covered and encircled by trees and wild underwood. Before he heard my steps I was close upon him. He turned— I fired. As you saw Ms face just now, so I saw it when I turned Mm over and found him dead! 4 Repentance came, with reason, too late. All I thought was how to conceal the body. I dragged it far into the underwood, where I knew none would pass or approach ; stamped the snow wherever the red stains had dyed it into the grass and mould ; then, blessing the snow which began at the moment to fall, fled back to the house, purposing to return on the morrow night and cast the corpse into the River Dee. But I never had the courage to approach the place again. Raise me, Gilbert Morden — in mercy, raise me ! I am suffo- cated !' I lifted Mm gently np. His eyes wandered to where he said the spirit of the murdered man stood, then to me. 4 Yes,' he murmured, 4 it is you who are to wed her.' Hardly had he spoken than his head fell for ward on my breast, and he expired. I shall not attempt to describe Marian's feelings when quietly I broke to her the baronet's sad recital. Suffice it that, in fluenced by the holy day, the anniversary of the birth of One who bore no enmity, and re membering Sir John's words, 4 In you lenity I will find hope of His,' we strove to pardon. On search being made in the underwood, Mr. Selbourne's body was found, the skull shattered by a pistol-ball. One aim was flung out while the upper portion of the frame was shadowed by some large ferns, giving it the very appearance I had first seen it take that night upon the snow- covered road. Sir John Redcar was quietly interred, after which his will was read, when it was ascer tained his title died with him, and that he had left the entire of Ms wealth to Marian, who, with her step- mother, very soon removed from a place full of so many mournful memories. They came to London ; but I did not take up my abode with them. No ; I set hard to work, and three years later had a home of my own, to which I brought Marian as my sweet wife. I have not seen any supernatural appear ances since those related ; but the anniversary of the wedding never comes without our re collecting that haunting mystery, and the baronet's mad, gloomy deed done in dark ness. 