? BY E. LYNN LINTON, AUTHOROJT" PATRICIAKEMHALL," "THE ATONE- MENT OF LEAM DUNDAS," "UNDER WEICH LORD?" &C;, ¿SC, icc. CHAPTER XXIII.-THE LAST APPEAL.. lt might bo Stella's duty to obey hor father'! will, but it was not Cyril Ponsonby'o to hoed Mr Branscombo's whim. Tao anglo at which cadi ' Blood mado all tho difference m their point ol view; and thoir point of viow determined theil principles of action. It was a duel botweon tho . two mon such as has bacu many timos in tho world before, and will bo many times again-a duel between the old and tho younis inherited duty and acquired lovo, tho father who demanded and tho lover who desired-with that poor girl's heart tho battle- ground on which they fought ; her lifo tho prize for whioh thoy strove. While saying to himsolf, generously enough, that his Love only moro and moro ii roved the sweet grace of her character by that sacrifico of himsolf which sho had made, Cyril was nono tho loss determined to do liiu utmost to con vinco hor that this sacrifico was all wrong, «nd that hor highest duty lay in hooping lier word with him and marry- ing him befero ho loft for India. This was only natural. Tho tuan who would givo up his love at tho first summons to surrender by another-bo that othor fathor or rival-would not havo much to give up ; and Cyril did love Stella with all tho forvour of a young man's paaaion, all tho devotion of a faithful heart. What also thon could he do but try to provo to her that this neblo soase of filial obedience, for which ho honoured bur, was all amistako and wholly wrong, and that her highest virtue waa to givo harsolf to lum t This was the logic of lovo ir not of pure von son ; but lovo waa master of tho situation, and reason was prosacd in to sorvice aa lila henchman. By tho tone of hor letters, sadder and sadder, moro hopolosB and moro pathetic in their resigna- tion to inevitable sorrow, as tho days went by, Cyril saw that tho loosening of tho engagement which-had begun at Mrs. Branscombo's death, was over increasing, while tho father's hold wai growing stronger and his grip tighter. If ho, Cyril, could not do something te counteract this morbid influence and draw his Lovo once moro close to himself B1IO would clip from him alto- gether ; and whon he thought of this ho also thought of death. Ho resolved then to go down to Highwood to face, as aman should, tho difficulties which besot him j-to try onco moro bo persuado Stolla to follow hi» fortuno and foreako her father's ;-to giro herself to love and cast filial duty to tho winds. It was his la»t chanco, for in a fow weeka ho must set sail to India ; and whon onco BO far away-if ho could do nothing now ho could do less than nothing thero ! This was emphatically his last ehanco, his Last Appeal J Itwns a sunless, dull andBultry afternoon. The lurid clouds, heavily charged with coming storm, hung low in tho Bfry. Not a bird Bang in t ho bushes, not a cricket chirped in tho graBB ; the very bees flew heavily from flower to flower and tho butterflies and dragonflies rested motionless on tho floworaand groy stono walls. Tho pimper- nel in tho fields and. the gozanias in tho gardens wero shut ; and tho scarlet nasturtiums and ger- aniums glowed with so much electric fina they almost dazzled those who looked at thom steadily. A storm wns evidently at hand ; and all mature felt its presence and suffered becauso of it. "Without halting, oven to soo Randolph Mac- kenzie, Cyril drovo straight to tho railway station to tho Lodge gatos of Roso Hill. Thoro was no glad familiarity of tho accopted son of the hou3o in his coming to-day, as whon lio m ad o his uncon- ventional entrance on that beaming, bright, young morning in May ; no impatience of happy lovo that could not wait for tho day but must sock to , distance time by giving him chaso in tho early dawn; no oorlainly of reception as joyous aa his own breathless incoming; no hope ot radiant lovo to meet and glorify his own. Thoro were ouly pal« fear and stern resolve, that (duking of the boort which forbodeo disaster, and that setting of tho will which while it foresees tho pain courts tho struggle. He carno to-day less ns tho acknow- ledged lovor than tho desporato fooman-no in- heritor of ioy entering gladly on bia own, but an oxilo breaking his bond of excommunication and returning to tho homo whenco ho had boon banished-that homo for revisiting which ho Bhould bo again discarded under may bc a still moro severo Bontonoe. Or, should ho hold his own tri- umphantly and bo victorious over fate and circum stances ? This was tho question of tho hour j and tho momo nt of its answer had como. Surely tho stars in their courses fought for him and tho first omen presaged all tho rost ! Ho had tormented himaolf all tho way down as to hin chanco of being able to apeak to Stella alone. If hor father chosa to forbid, how could he prevent her obedionco ? Hut now all thoso fears were sot at rest, for thoro waa Stolla right L-oforo him, walking slowly towards tho house from tho gates. Sho hud been down to tho Lodge to soe tho g:\to hooper's little child who waa ill, und now was going back to that desolate homo which of late had be- come so much moro liko a prison than a home ! Sho was thinking sadly of her .sweet mother and hor banished lovel-, her shattered hopos, and that poor papa who demnuded no much from her and who was sometime» so strangely cold, even whilo ho clung to her so closely and depended on her so who'ly. And thinking H.ll this she did not hear tho sweet stej) behind her, njr know who was coming till Cyril 'lightly touched her shoulder and said : " My Lovo ! At y Love !" She started and eriod out ; hut the next moment her arms woro round him ¡is hi« were round, lier, and her face waa lifted to bia bonding down to meet hera ; whilo tho only sound of wùlcomo waa a sob half of joy and half of pain, whioh told hor how she had suffered in his absence. Nor could Cyril speak. Somothing that waa perilously near to tsars blurred his vision and out snort his words. He could only hold hor in hi3 arms-to his heart -as something lo3t and now found again, soino thing tender and dear and precious which wnssafo for him only so long as he held it closely clasped. As sho looked at him and once moro mot those dear faithful e,yc3 and saw the fuco which repre- sented to ber all tho nobleness of manhood, all tho security of life and splendour of lovo, she for- got tho dull present and thc dim future, she put aside tho pain that sho had foll- tho anguish which sho foresaw -and her Gob lost itself in one full happy smile, as sho said in a voico that was aa tho very gift of her soul-" My Cyril !-Oh, once» more my Cyril J"' It was ¡ill told and known j and now ho felt safo. What needless torment hu had given himsolf ! how foolishly ho had lacerated his own heart ! She had never waverod. His futuro was aa safo us bia past had been sure. She loved bim and BIIO wottld not forsake "him. Ho had dono woll to como and moot that ghastly enemy of sorrow and des- pair-of subtle severance and vaguo forebodings. Sae could not resist him fa?o to face. She was Iii« and be waa hers; aad tho little cloud that had risen in the horizon of abeenco wus swept away by tho glad sunlight of actual preaonco. " Como to tho summer houso, Stolla. Wo can speak bettor there, and I havo much to say to you my darling/' said Cyril; and Stolla, with a Budden half- frightened look to tho houso r.said a little anxiously " YOB, for half an hour, Cyril ; I must not stay longer." " For half an hour thon," ho replied putting his arm round her waist, nnd thus in tho old;lov ing way, ns if nothing had como between their loro and their happiness, tho two wout down tho sido-path to tho summer-howso, and roaohed it just ne tho first growl of thundor broko from tho uky and tho first boavy «drop» of rain bogan to fall. At first they heedod neither tho woathor nor tho altered order of things nt homo. They wero together and alone ; and that was joy enough for tho moment. Then tho smoko of that jr lad incensó of lovo and happiness bogan to clear away -the first mouaonbary excitement subsided-and thoy came slowly back to things as thoy were and to tho sorrowful truths which woro as spoctros awaiting them. Bach saw how palo and wan and hollow-eyed tho othor had become ; enAi mioBed that sonso of security, that sonse of joy, whieh had marked tho early stages of their lovo. They woro Uko ghosts rising from tho tomb and look- ing at each othor aeross tho moonlit epaco whore tho grav. s wero lying thick, and tho dead loves of lifo woro buried. Thoro was no reality oven hore, and no certainty-aavo of sorrow. But they loved oaob othor. So much was suro. Whatever tho future held-thoy loved each othor. " You do not ask mo why I havo como down," Cyril bogan, whon that silont sorutiny and acknowledgment had grown somewhat embarras- sing. " I was too glad to seo you to think of anything olso," she answered softly. " I nm going to India in about three weeks' time now," ho said. " And I have como to ask you to go with mo." Sho turned away hor head-oho oould not meet thoso yoarninjr, faithful eyes- that handsome, loving face, bending down to look into hera. Her hands were in his, closely, tightly clnsped. She would not tako them away, but she could not look into his face ! " How can I ?" she sighed. " Why should you not f " ho roturnod. " How can I leave poor papa ? Ho would die if I woro to leave him." "And what shall I do, Stella ! lVrhaps worao than dio ! If you aro a daughter, remembor also th¡>t you aro a wife-my wife in tho Bight of God ; and you owo mo au much duty as you owo your father-and moro lovo." Cyril spoke with a gravity and intensity which Stolla had never heard in him before. It was aa if ho had suddenly ceased to bo a boy aud become a strong, maturo nnd solf-rospectiug mun. Ho was loss tho lover pleading for a grace, than tho husband, as ho called himsolf, claiming his rights. Till now sho had soon him only, boyishly enrneit in his wait, boyishly radiant in hie SPCCOSB, boyishly despairing in his defeat; but now ho was a man of equal strength and firmness with hor father, and BIIO felt instinctively that things had como into a new phase and that the moment was all tho graver bocauso of her lover's changed moral«. " You know that I lovo you," she said, turning to him with the instinct of a caress. " I know that you do," ho answered tendorly ; "bub though you lovo mo, you aro letting your- self bo divided from ino-perhaps for over ; and you are giving mo moro anguish than I onco thought I could have born and livod under !" " lam not being divided from you; excepting for a little while," she answered, woman-like, preaching peaco whoro thoro was no peaco and for earing to look facts in tho faco. "It. is only wkilo my po»r, darliug mother's death ia so f reub -whilo papa misaes her uo ranch-that I ask you to put eli* tho marriage;'-that is not breaking with you for over, Cyril !" "And when will'your father mako up his mind to lot you go?" ho nuked. "You know that ovory day you aro slipping further und furthor away from me, because ovory day you bocomo mero necessary to him. When will you fiud thc eourngo to leave bim and como out to ino-if you havo not got it now ?" " Ho is too good and kind to break my heart," sho said. " Suroly, sometime of his own accord ho will lob mn go." " Never !" said Cyril firmly. " Of bia own ac cord, Stella-never ! If you have not tho courage to insist on it and to como, ho will nover, nover let you go !" " Indeed you misjudgo him, Cyril! You do, darling! lie is broken now by poor mamma's death, but ho will become moro reconciled aa time goes on, and thou weean be married without pain- ing him no it would now if I woro to leave him. Think what it would be to' him to lose wifo and daughter both in a few months ! And ho so loving and so'sensitiva-so dopondont ¡on homo love and caro for his happiness." " All this moans simply that you lovo your father botter than you love mo, and that you aro roady to sacrifice mo to him," said Cyril with quieti ßternn ss. "Wo will call things by their ri^ht namos, Stella. It is a strugglo of lovo, in I which I am the weaker and go to tho wall." ! "Not that," she answered, tho tears swelling ' into her eyes. " I love my fathor doarly, as you know, ana reverence and admire him aft I havo baon taught all my lifo to do-as mamma rever- enced and admired* him-but I lovo you too, Cyril; you know that I do. It is not a strugglo of lovo, but it is a matter of conscience and duty. Cannot you seo tho difference ? Cannot you, Cyril P" It was hie turu now to look away, f Iis face was palo and sot ; his oyos were fixed and mourn- ful ;:his heart was sore and his pride was wounded. Sho did then of nor own freo will prefer her father to him; and it was not coercion ao much a3 vol untary roaignatiou. Tho thunder roared and shook tho little build- ing1 whore thoy iwero sheltorcd; tho lightning flashed and streamed in fiery tonguoe and Haming shoots ; and tho rain poured as if tho windows of heaven had boon opened for tho cocond timo, and tho fury of tho dolugo had boon lot looso on tho earth, lint noithor Cyril nor Stella saw what was going on in tho world outside. The storm of griof and despair, of passion, of parploxity, of love warring with duty, which raged within tlieir hoarts was greator than that of tho eloraents with- out; and jtho thundor and tho lightning and tho rain which toro and flashed and fell.wero but tho natural neoorupaniinouts of tho pasaion that shook them to tho soul, and tho anguiuh which made thom desolate. " Cannot you see tho differonco, Cyril P" abo oaid again, her hand stealing into hie. " Do you doubt that I lovo you ?" " Yoa love mo ?" ho said with a strong effort. How haran, and chaugod his voice waa ! Sho would not have known it for his had thoy been in tho dark. " Yes ; I boliove you do to a cortain oxtont. But you lovo 'your fathor botfcor, and nrefor his convenience to my happinoiia." " If I could loavo anyone with him to fake caro of him and mako him happy, I would nob heai fcato for a moment," Baid Stella with sudden pas- sion. " It is not that I love him bettor-you know that it is not that, Cyril ; it ia only because hn è> my father, and it is my du y. Oh, you trill break my heart if you look like thal;-if you believe that I do not love you !" Her girlish bashfulness, her prido of maiden- hood, her shame-faced rotioenco,. all were gone swept away by tho storm of passion as tho tender little buda and dolicato flowers woro broken and destnoyod beneath tho heavy deluge of ram. She flung her arma round him and curried his hoad to hor bosom. " Cyril, say that you boliovo mo," she said, her lips, fer tho flrBt timo unaakod, pressed to his. " My own, my love, say that you do not doubt mo." He felt his advantage and ho us>'d it. If you cannot come with mo-if you think it your duty te stay for a little whilo longer with your fathor-at least make things sure. Marry mo before I go, if oven you stay behind, and come out afterwards.'"' He Bpoke without any outward sign of emotion; still with thabstrango absenco of beyiah pleading and with that strangor weight and gravity of a maturo man. "With papa's consent-yes!-yes ¡-gladly !" said Stella. "Will that satisfy you, Cyril ?-then indeed I will 1" " With your father's consont or without it ?" he said. Sho shrank hack. Tho flood-gatos which had boon lifted began gradually to close down on the turbulonco that had been let loose for a few mo- ments. Tho pride of her maidenhood, tho roti ceneo and Blmnio-facodnoss of her girlish modesty, tho purity of her truth, tho wholeness of hor duty, all sont baale tho rushing flood about hor heart and cleared her oyes of their mist of passion. " Without papa's consent I could not," she said faltoring. *' I could neither openly disoboy him nor livo a lifo of déception. You yourself would not respect mo, Cyril, if I could." "Ah! it is just ns L thought," ho said with sudden bil torneas. " Croat hoavens, do women know how much thoy torturo tho mon who love thom! AH of no uso!-all to no good! I nm distanced and cut off I No, Stella, this is not love ! It io preference-friendship-fancy-but not lovo ! Not tho lovo I have for you.J Ask anything of mo," ho oontinuod, his passion riolng as hors calmed; "ask my very Ufo, and I would givo it you ! You could noe nBk anything of mo, Stella, that I would refuse. Nothmpr in tho whole wide world 1" **If I asked you to do something that you thought dishonourable and wrong, you would not do that Cyril !" sho answered, half-frightened and half trying to Hootho bira. " Yes, I would!" ho cried. "I would go to position for you. I would give you my very soul !" Just thon a blinding flash of lightning ßoemed to set tho whole place in a blnr.e, and tho thunder crashed right above tho frail littlo tenement whero thoy woro sitting. Stella was wiso and sonsiblo enough, but she was impressionable, and as apt for superstitious fancies as any other girl of hor hind and ago. " Hush, Cyril ! this is blanphomy," sho cried, clinging tojhimm terror. "Kemombcr, God hoars us, and sees us, and reads our hoarts. You offend God when you talk Uko this." Mer terrified voice and clinging touch-hor palo, seared face and spiritual dint ress, broko down all the new Foren and manly strength which had como into bim. Ho covored his face with his hands, and burßt into vhoso terrible tears which moro than anything else in tho world agoniso tho woman who loves and himnliato the man who is loved. " Cyril, do not ory 1" sho said in a low, utill, shocked voioo. ' " You aro breaking my heart. 1 do not know you like this. Cyril look up. Do not let yourself give way like tliiB. Oh, darling, lot \ Ï ? *' / us pray to God to a;ivo us strongth to do what is right and what ia His will ! Thora lu no happiness for ua if you do what is wrong, and wont wo know to be wrong." But poor Cyril was in no atato to bo soothed. He had to fight out tho fight by himself and to brace himself to bear the iiiovitaI\'o, as bo felt best for himsolf. Puro and honest for his own part, ho could not tempt Stella to do what sha foll to bo wrong. IC ho could have changed her heart at this '-momi nt, and for her own highor morality havo aubstifufed ono weaker, lower and more yielding to lovo, ho would ; but ho could not tempt her into what oho felt to bo immoral and dishonourable. Ho had to rocogniso and accopt hor virtue. Ho was foot to foot with facts; and he was cist. Ho must give up all his hopo, his pride, his desire. Stella had eloctod to stand by her father : and she had laid her conscience as tho pledge, lie munt abide by hûr decision ; but it waa a bitter award ; and ho felt as if death would have been a moro merciful decrco. " You shall not do what you think wrong, for mo," he. said nt last, his bloodless lips quivering. " I would rather hare you puro iu your own con- science than that you should do what you think wrong for my sake. If you fool it right, I will givo you up. It is like parting with my lifo to say this; but, if you fool it right, I munt." *' Not givo mo up, Cyril I-only wait till papa is moro reconciled to his loss. Thia is not giving mo up, darling !" she said anxiously. " It is tho beginning of tho ond," ho returned. " If I leave England now, 1 shall novor soo you again." " Would you -wish not to seo mo again P would you rather give mo np entirely than keep mo for a short time in hope ?" UBkod Stella in a low voi«c. Ho caught hor eagerly to bis heartland smoothed ba*k tho hair from lier faoo. " My love ! my lovo !" ho said, with infinito ten- derness, with loving reverence. "I would whit for you to tho end of my life, if you would como to mo then ! Give you up, Stolla P I givo you up P Novcr, my darling, nover. If wo wore separ- ated, it is of your will, not mine. You aro mino to tho end of my lifo !-my own, my Jove ! I could nover givo you up, nover cease to lovo you; novcr possibly love auothor!" Tho storm had passod and tho sun had come out. That laet tremendous outbreak had been tho last expression of its fury. Tho rein-drops still glittered on tho grasB and trees, but the birds began to sing in tho woods, tho flowers raisod thoii drooping hoads, tho butterflies and irrides cont flies carno out from their leafy shelters ; the storm had passed indeed 5 but outside this sum- mer heuso tho plot of Mary lilies which Stolla hod planted with her own hands waa a brokon mass of tangled vreck, and tho tender buds of all tho deli cato flowers were beaten into tho ground-novcr to riso, novor to bloom, novcr to gliddon tho air with thoir swootnoss, nor to receivo the Bun's rays into thoir fragrant hearts. " Como and seo papa," thou said Stella softly. " Tho otorm has gono now. Gfonio and talk to him." " It ia of no uso," said Cyril sadly. " I under- stand him better than you do." *' Then you undorstandvhow swcot and noble he is," said Stolla, speaking from tho forco of old in> i pressions and lifo-long training, and forgetting for ¡ tho Instant that painful little passago-at-armB presago of so much worao to come-which had takon placo between thom somo day sn go. Cyril turned away. Suffering had enlightened - him on Mr. Branscombo'a real claim to tho posses- sion of thoao qualities for which his wife's deliber- ate devotion and his. daughter's simplicity ,'of be- lief had given him credit. " I will go in and soo him, of course," he saidj . , I after a pause; " I would not like him to think . : that I had been here in secret and was ashamed or . ' afraid to face him." ' - .' " Oh, Cyril, how good you aro!" cried Stolla. Sho looked up into Iiis fuco, enthusiasm, love, devotion in her own. Her largo dolicato oyes wera dark with tenderness j her sweet frosh lips wore a little parted ; lier wholo heart was throbbing with passionate and high-strung admiration. For the instant she forgot that she had any cause for sorrow. She remembered only that she loved and that her gladness Jay in tho grandeur of he» bolovcd. Cyril could not answor her. Her enthusiasm waa born of hia heart-broak-her praise came be- * cause of his submission to tho terms of his despair. Ho could not roturn it cvon for grati tudo. " Good and great !" ho echoed bitterly. "My Stella, Bay rather how weak and inisorabio ! Onö moro kins," ho then said, turning to hor with leas of tho fovorishnesa of lovo than tho melancholy resignation of death. "lashed you to bo my wife in this summer-house. Do you remember, Stolla ? -I wa* ched your window from it tho first timo I caine down lifter wo we'o engaged. Givo mo now our last parting kiss-perhaps tho last wo Bhall over have,-our very last on earth!" " No, nob our last,'' sho said with strange confi- dence, borne up sb o knov nob how o vor the weakness and surging sorrow of tho moment. "Our'lnst for tho immediate present-but wo have a future, Cyril, and a glorioua ono. Wo have a future of truo love, of mutual respect and of hap pineao." (ro BK CONTINUED.) Tho Anntralian Mutual Provident Sooioty has now mach) proviaiona I«y which persons who borrow money to bo rouaid with intoroBt in instalmonta may oombino with thoir payments a further Hnm by way of lifoinnuranao. Mr. lllaok. tho aooioty'a actuary, kn a prepared tables containing particulars of tho proposed achomn, and which show tho advantagoa to bo doiivcd fi om it. An aooidant occurred to tho con oh bolwoon Dnbho and (Joonamblo on Priday. A portion ol tho Isadora' harness boouinoiooua, and tho drivor loft hie box to arrange it, when tho horses bolted, taking tho coach, which contained a lady passangor, named Mrn, I'lvAiiB, afíaiiiüt a trso a*d oomplotoly wreaking tho vohiole. Mrs. IC vans, who roBidos at Brnuglo Gully, in aaid to bo muoh injnrod, having suatainod a frac turo of the log besides internal injurios. 