FACILITIES FOR MINING. MANY people are deterred from entering into mining speculations because they cannot estimate the total amount of their liabilities. Some have a vivid remembrance of olden times, when once having embarked in a venture, tliey havo become liable to calls from which there was no escape. They have cheerfully paid these lor a considerable time, until satisfied that further trial was useless, when they have found it itnpos- :sible.to get clear. TIKII, after their faitfi in the venture has ceased, with a heavy hrart they have continued their payments uulil a final call has been made,' the alf'uir wound tip, and the bubble'disappears. Speculators remember those days in Victoria, and the heavy demands that they have bad to meet when the ventures were in liquidation. Under the-old-law once a man had become a shareholder, aud had sigued the deed, although he bad parted with his shares, he still was responsible for the liabilities. The difficulty of getting rid of this rtsponsibility after having once become a shareholder at last had such an effect that mining languished, aud those who had suffered would embark in no more ventures, however glowing the prospectus or promising the prospects. This worked its own cure, and those anxious for the prosperity of the country sought for a remedy. This was found in the noliability system—a system which placed the shareholder in a position to cease his payments at any moment that he - pleased,__ without any fear of being suedfor v "Tliis at once gave au impetus tcf mniug in Victoria, and revived its drooping interests. South Australian mining and other ventures have suffered from the same cause, and the rsame remedy has been applied. Companies can be now registered so that no liability is incurred, and speculators can calculate to a shilling their liabilities iu any mine. Thus, a person takiug up shares in a gold mining company registered under this Act can pay just, as many or as few calls as he pleases. If he sees the prospectus of a company, and has a good opinion of its prospects, he can say to himself—" I wiii venture £5, £20, or £100 in this mine, and no more," aud when that sum is expended be can quietly drop the shares or continue to pay, as he pleases. A company so formed makes its calls in advance of requirements, so that there are no liabilities incurred, and a shareholder, if dissatisfied, with the management or the claim, by simply not paying a call made, ceases to be a shareholder. Thus, the man wlifj only has a few pounds to spare can speculate that few pounds and kuow exactly his position. The tradesman, too, can do the same, and not be frightened of calls being made, the payment df which he cannot escape, and to meet which he has seriously to cripple his business. We feel certain that when the full working of the Act is understood a great impetus will be given to legitimate speculation, and that small sums which are now being uselessly hoarded will be invested. Of course, no Act can prevent possible Joss, nor does the Mining Act attempt it, but it can limit that loss at the will of the loser. This is what recent legislation has done, and it will tend to produce confidence in future, mining venture^, and courage iii the hearts of the timorous/ GAZETTE NOTICB.—William Roe Lewis and fciainuel Bruce R(i<iall to be commissioners for taking acknowledgments of : married women. FLAX.—At the last meeting of the Farmers Union held at Lyudoch some flax was exhibited that looked very promising. It was 2 feet 6 inches in length and strong in the staple. There were several other sampl.-s exhibited from 8 inches and upwards in length. The crop generally is light, and much is a failure. This is attributed in a great measure to the seed, but also somewhat to the season, and in a measure to inexperience in cultivation. Efforts are being made to procure both good Dutch and Riga seed for next sowing. DEATH OF MISS WEHRSTEDT.—We have with much sorrow 'to "record the death of Miss Doris Wehrstedt, who expired on Friday morning early from iuflainination of the heart. The shock- ,will be a severe one to her numerous frieuds, to whom she was much endeared. Subscribers to the Institute also will miss her courteous attention, and a gloom will fall upon all who have been accustomed to her cheerful presence. ^• - BA.i}OSS4 r . FLAX-Moling .Coj^pf.—A meeting of tlie mrectors of tills company was held on Mo iclay, 3?aveniber 7. All the directors were present, Mr. Bevilaqua being in the chair. Tne minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, the chairman reported that the contract for-the steeping-pits was completed s; t'sfactorily, and that it would be necessary to form drains and get piping laid from the drain to the pits. He also reported that the machinery recently purchased had arrived from Adelaide in good condition. Their manager (Mr. Dixon) had been taken round the district to inspect the growiug crop of flax. The result was not as".satisfactory as could be desired. The directors decided to employ another hand to assist in altering the premises, erecting the .machinery, &e.; .The price to be given for the flax was fixed at from 505. to 70s.'" The directors, also, with a view to make sure as'to the seed proper for the district and climate,-resolved-to import some Dutch flax deed'iff addition to 'the Riga seed already .ordered. '-Mr. Nicholas having "resigned the position of secretary, Mr. Hicks, of Lyndoch, was appointed in his room. A long report . was received, from, the manager. After parsing accounts to the amount of about £80, the meeting adjourned. THE IRON DUKE.—The lecture on the " Iron Duke, the Hero of a Hundred Fights," was delivered as per. announcement at the Bible Christian Chape}, Gawler West, on Monday evening last. The audience, which in consequence of counter attractions was by no means large, highly appreciated the lecture, and heartily applauded during its progress. After the lecture the superintendent of the Sunday-school, Mr. H. Northey, read the report; giving an Encouraging account of the progress made, and stating that during tue year 23 scholars and three teachers had been added, and that there was a small balance of funds iu hand. Ue further made an appeal for more teachers. The picnic in connection with the school was held on the following Wednesday, when the weather being fine a large attendance was . secured, s an<J ^;!!)fliQroug1ily enjoye^ themselves.. fHu^ptjaue.. wga.^ld.-iu; ih"e grounds of Mr. .1. "Mitclrell. The superintendent. an4'teacfter^'afe' tinxious to express their .,iliauka .tro all.: who 'is.ve assisted them in their ^efforts.-- •-!/.-•: . > • KAt'kfAi.L.-^Mr.^'Thomas Howitt, of Pine Farm, Templers, informs us that th« rainfall at his place for October was 1 "765 inches, during eight days. NABKOW ESCAPE.—Last »-«ek Mr. B. Hogheu had a narrow escape on the Gawler River. It appears that he and two others were sinking a well—one man being below, aud two ou top. From some cause the man holding the handle of the windlass let go, and the bucket began rapidly to descend, to the emiuent peril of the man below. Mr. Hogben, however, jumped forward and caught the handle, but uot before it had struck him violently on the head, inflicting a wound, which bled copiously, and partially stunned him. Fortunately he retained bis grip of the handle un _il he was assisted, so saving his companion below. LOOK OUT FOR YOUR DOGS, CATS, AND DUCKS.—We are given to understand that poison is again being used—though so far it is contiued to the lower end of Murraystreet. On Wednesday Mr. Devine had a dog poisoned. The animal was discovered before it was dead, aud a dose of salt administered brought up a lump of meat that had evidently contained the poison. Two cats, belonging to the same owner, were also poisoned. Iu addition, Mr. Brophy's dog had to succumb to the same influences, and several dueks belonging to Mrs. Gatley having also partaken of the poisonous food gave up the ghost. FRACAS IN MURRAY-STREET.—On Tuesday afternoon a fracas occurred in Murray-street, close to the Exchange Hotel, between two of the nieu engaged in the work of excavating the trench for the waterpipes. Some heavy blows were exchanged, aud the aggresive party getting hold of a new pick handle dealt his opponent a couple of severe blows on the head. Mutual friends intervened, and at one time it appeared as if a general melee would result. The police were seut for, but ere their arrival matters had cooled down. We understand the matter will not rest here. LARRIKINISM AT WASLEYS.—On Sunday night last during "divine service at the Wesleyan Church, Wasleys, two young men from Kangaroo Flat disturbed the congregation by shouting at the door and making use of most disgusting language. It was also found that a horse, attached to a trap belonging to Mr. Fordhani, of Freeling, had been stripped of part of its harnes and turned adrift. The missing harness has not been found, so that it amounts to rather more than larrikinism, of which they will probably receive an unpleasant remiuder. THE MOCK WOMAN.—During the past w-.ek some young fellow, presumably of weak intellect, has been wandering about the viciuity of Church Hill dressed as a woman in a white sunbonnet and a black d ess, and with a stick in his hand. He has n "bly succeeded in frightening several young g rls. His masquerading career is, however, l.kely to be brought to a speedy and ignominious termination unless he takes warning i i time and casts off the garments that, h nvever much they suit his proclivities, are n it suitable for his sex. PICNIC AND BALL AT NURTOOTFA.—Friday list was a gala day at Nuriootpa, it being the occasion of the annual picnic in connection with the public school in that place. There was a large muster of children and their friends, and the games usual on such occasions were indulged in. The proceedings were enlivened by the strains of the local brass band, and Mr. Keippert's quartette, which was also present, assisted to the enjoyment of the visitors. After the proceedings of the day were over, a hall was held in the Institute, and continued to the " wee sma' hours." UNCLAIMED LETTERS.—The following unclaimed letters were lying at the Gawler Post- Office on Thursday, November 10:—O. Anderson, Mrs. S. BrowD, Mrs. R Ba lcock, Jos. Brian, E. Belcher, Win. Cotten, Jno. -Dunn, Esq., Mr. Deleney, Wm. Davidson, A. Evans, T. Glasson, Mr. Hyde, T. L. Hewitt, T. Henecke, J. Hudson, F. Kachne, T. G. Luscombe. Laxton (or Saxton), Lynch and Wall, M. McCabe, J. McGillany, Mr. McMahon, Ja*. Penderirast, J. Power, Wm. lJe-s, Mrs. Smith, Miss Williams, Mrs. S. R. Wilson, and Miss White. PRINCE OF WALES'S BIRTHDAY.—Wednesd ly, November!), the anniversary of the birthday of the Prince of Wales, was observed as a holiday in Gawler. All the places of business were closed, and the weather being fine the inhabitants mostly spent the day from home. A great many wended their way to town to see the sham fight; others drove to St. Kilda beach; others betook themselves to the hills ; and a great many visited the farm of Mr. LalJy, on the Gawler River, where the Catholic Picnic was being held. WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.—The Wesleyan Church in Gawler has been favored this year by the presence of a very able " deputation," the Rev. F. Langham, chairman of the Fijian District, who for 23 years has been doing mission work in the islands of the South Seas. The rev. gentleman, who is giving a well-earned holi lay to the work of preaching and lecturing on behalf of the Missionary Society, preached morning and evening ia the Gawler Church, aud delivered an address to the children of the Sunday-school in the afternoon. Ou Monday evening the annual public meeting was held in the church, and was presided over by the minister of the circuit, who after devotional exercises introduced the business of the meeting by reading extracts from the annual report of the society, showing the amount of money contributed by the Gawler Church during the year, and also a tabular statement of the statistics of the society. The balance-sheet of the society for the year showed an income from all sources of €12.772 7s. 10d., inclusive of a grant of £1.029 lis. 4d. from the British Foreign Mission Committee?. The chairman explained that the fiuancial interests of the South Sea Missions was the only responsibility shared by the English authorities, and expressed a hope that the Wesleyan Church in these colonies would soon meet the full claims of that mission. The Rev. Mr. Langham delivered a lengthy and exhaustive lecture on "The Manners and Customs oj the Fijians," portraying very graphically their peculiar institutions aud characteristics. The rev. gentleman was specially effective when comparing the stern facts of heathen cruelty—to which he had been witness—with the sentiment of Christian mercifulness which is gradually asserting itself in the lives of those who are fairly under mission training. Mr. Lingham dealt with a feature of the work uot often touched upon when he said that he was not prepared to say that all belief in their old gods had died out among the ordinary convertB to Christianity, but rather thought that many still believed in the existence of the heathen deities, but regarded them as the representatives of the powers of evil in opposition to the reign of Jehovah. The Sabbath-school scholars added materially to till 'enjoyment and interest of the evening by'rendering several of the hymns used at their late anniversary. Mr. J. Jones, J.P., proposed, and Mr. E. Cle.nent seconded, a vote of thanks t<> the deputation and to the ollisers and scholars of the Sunday-school, wnich was carried by acclamation. T.IE TARI'IN'3 MIXIHIIE. —A FARE Tea, DELICIOUS and refreshing. To MEASURE HAYSTACKS. — Several enquiries having been made as to how to measure haystacks, we give the following :— First measure the length and breadth of the stack ; take its heigh from the ground to the eaves, and add to the last one-third of the height from the eaves to the top; multiply the length by the breadth and the product by the height, all expressed in feet; divide the amount by 27 to find the cubic yards, which multiply by the number of stones supposed to be in a cubic yard—viz., in a stack of new bay 6 stone ; if the stack has stood a considerable time 8 stone ; and if old hay 9 stone—and you have the weight in stones. For example, suppose a stack to be 60 feet in the length, 30 feet in breadth, 12 feet high from ground to eaves, and 9 feet (the third of which is 3) from the eaves to the top; then 60 multiplied by 30 and 15 is equal to 27,000 ; 27,000 divided by 27 is equal to 1,000; and a thousand multiplied by nine is equal to 9,000 stone of old hay. GAWLER CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY-SCHOOL FLORAL SOCIETY.—The show for the awarding of prizes in connection with the above was held on Thursday evening. There was quite a nice collection of plants and bouquets. Messrs. E. Lane aud J. P. Rooney acted as ges. The following prizes were awarded: —Best grown fuchsia, 5s., Amelia Wise; 2s. 6d., A. Hilfers; Is., H. Hilfers. Best collection geraniums, 5s., Hatty Quarton; 2s. 6d., Eth. Patter; Is., Polly Thompson. Best grown fuchsia, 5s., R. Barnet; 2s. 6d., S. Finch ; Is., S. Fiuch. -Best collection geraniums, 5s., W. Bassett; 2s. 6d., -A. Thompson; la., W. Sheriff. Pansies— 2s. 6d., S. Sheriff; Is. 6d., A. Wise ; Is., A. Thompson. Collectionfoliageplants—2s.6d., A. and C. Cox; Is. 6d., A. Hilfers; Is., H. Hilfers. Basket plants, Is. 6d., W. Bassett; Is., W. Bassett; 6d., A. Wise. Special Prizes — Bignonia, Is., Hatty Quarton. Violets, 6d., A. Wise. Geranium, la. 6d., E. Quarton; Is., Miss Austin. Mimulua, Is., A. and C. Cox ; 9d., Polly Thompson ; 6(1., A. Thompson. Table bouquets, 2s. 6d., R. Barnett; Is. 6d., H. Hodge; Is., W. Sheriff. Hand bouquet, 2s. 6d., R. Barnet; Is. 6d., A. Wise; Is., L Wehrstedt. Button hole, 2s. 6d., R. Barnet; Is. 6d., S. Sheriff; Is., A Wise. Everlasting flowers, Is., H. Hodge; 9d., S. Sheriff; 6d., E. Hodge. Basket of flowers, Is., R. Barnet; 9d., P. Thompson ; 6d., M. Hodge. Pencil drawing, IF. 6d., H. Hilfers; 6d., H. Hodge. Bead work, Is., H. Hilfers; 6d. f Hatty Quarton. Woolwork, Is., A. Hilfers ; Gil., P. Potter. At a o'clock a social meeting was held, during which the prizes were awarded. Readings aud s-jngs were the order of the day, and a most agreeable evening was spent. THE FLOWER QUEEN.—We would draw the attention of our readers to tbe third entertainment to be given by the St. George's Entertainment and Singing Association in the Institute Hall on Wednesday and Thursday evenings next. The entertainment on the present occasion will consist of Root's beautiful cantata, "The Flower Queen, or the Coronation of the Rose." Very great pains, we are informed, have been taken to perfect the representation, and the singing of the choruses and semi-chornses—the names of the soloists is a sufficient guarantee for the excellence of their part of the performance. Bumper houses on both occasions should reward the efforts of this deserving association. We would refer our readers to the published programme. 