CHAPTER V. Cxsrta Ore nay is a very lonely place. Tho houso is built in granite, with a moat round it, now dry and grown in grass. Tho ghost of Lydia Mninwaring haunts ono portion of it-a long corridor, with bachelors' rooms and ending in a billiard-room. Tho house was more gloomy than nccessary, owing to ita half- tonaqtless state. It was rare that any visitors were admitted to the house, partly from tho want of income, partly from tho almost ascot ia seclusion of its masters nince tho death of the two sons. Ono custom alono partly relieved tho oppressive character of tho residence. Gas^-not long introduced into country houses-was kept horning all night in different portions of tho building. This ww absolutely nocessary in case of anv night alarm, and made up for tho small number of tho servants, Jock and I walked through the large, gloomy hall. . "There is the heroino of tho song," she said. I looked up, and either in imagination or reality saw a striking likeness of tho present Lydia Main waring. Wo went np an oaken staircase and passed a long gallery. Then wo were received by the master and mistress of tho house. Lydia Mainwaring was with them, her oyes mora startled ana fear-stricken than before. Tho likeness to the picturo again strnck mo. Lord Westerham received us in a kind but somewhat reserved manner. Lady Wester ham kissed Jock on the forehead. Then she turned to mo and said: " I must bid yon welcome, Mr, Mainwar ing, though yon will enjoy tho inheritance of my eons." Lydia shook hands with ua with a look as though she feared a blow. "Perhaps you will go to your rooms to dress," inteq>oscd Lady Westerham. "They are in the bachelor's wing. Lydia, ring tho bell." . Jock seemed half-inclined to mako some joking observation, but tho whole atmosphere was too chilling and oppressive, and we fol lowed tho butler to our rooms, Tho corridor in which they wero situated wm catered by a flight of /our oc five step*. ru. i vm i w iMJuwaiii' Over the entrapee there waa a dim gatiight. The s&ma; over tha door of tha bUliard«roora oppo«U). I( contained twfllw rooms, six an either aide, These wore fnrnishod in tho rough vtjla with which bachelors used formerly to bo treated. There tu a bod vary little better than a ploughman's, with a dimity curtain. Patches of carpet w«o placed hora find thero. Tha waAh-hand-atand waa of ooromoa painted deal, and the droaring-table was covered with an nnbloaehod cIoth> oa which stood a ?mall, plain looking.glaiji The windowa had ahattera, bat only two plain oalieo onr toiru; [and a battered tia bath stood in on# corner. "My servant will loolj after Kit Main waring," said Jock to thtf hittlCT. " Which room would yon Uko» Theo f' ho oontlnned. I mechanically took the firat on tho left. Jock took the next. " Wo mast have afire, Waters,"-said Jook Campbell to the butler. ! "My lady hna said nothing to me about ! it," anawored tho latter. " Well, Watera, I'll take tho riak upon myself, and pay yon for tho ooals in caw of necessity." v , Jook apoka hall ia joat, but U WM olew that tho jest w&a; half m ofirnost. '. As our BtAy ooatinaod, it booamono easier. Hitherto I had novar shot, and Jook initiated mo into the myaterios of tho art, for whloh I had contracted a passion. I sometimes thonght ho eoomod to tiro him&oll; to plootto staying out iva long aa ponaiblo, and piora than onoo ho soomed worn oat on oar return; hut ho waa so un.Hijlfisli that ho appeared for my 8iiko to bo an greedy oi tho amusement as myself. Gnu ovuning wo woro later than u-.unt, and whim wo returned to dinner ho w,i:i deadly pale. Lydia loojtod at him with nn anxiety I h;ul TinVt:r billOTO SCCn, ttnd hot fpzo of terror inujiniilcrl Wo novcr fii\t up very iato, and that night wo Wiiiu both tiicd. ' " Goad nib'ht, Thuo, hoy, "said Jock, ohoer lully ; " uluop well and (iod blfcSa you." , I aWvay.i had nl»pt woll, but ftt CwtUo (Jrca3y I fdopt hotter than usual after all WJT exercirm and out-of-door lift). But I w/u I'urhnp.J I had OVOP htniiuod my or had imink too much whi.ikcy. 1. ulupt, hut not houndly-that kind of deep in -whiidi tho h«.-n?st;H aro vory acuta It irtu.it hnvo Imjl-u about uno o'clook when I jiturtud up iu my hi-d. I had distinctly i hoard tlui uuti.uic.j <iuiir uf tho pamiiigo open. I Ti;,m th-.ic t lr.i<i < an though muno houvy niihntlUic.sj ,yi^ tullinjj from Mup to fttop, Thru 1 ht.v.ni n hi iivy f-igli and a swooping wound, j.i (ii-iiiidi ItiM Miiiio hc.vy lurid W|H huini( dr<j^>:t:.l ;>liiwly Hlom/llm pa«till It P'nipptd foi a niul.iuut. 1Ouulit lo^-intliiy ti.i.iili;;.! Ul» lua^Oi'. I lu.H<:.d i«j« tloIU l».y 1,t:vi and u^i^ui.il tho door, uuil 1 ijydiii ALiilUVrtt iilff, fcoatuil null v'.'.ill, t ii'j p:!l"»J>ira tillil dlMVli ..V:S dialing uhau* tho iliKir tho dead l>:idy of Jir.-.'v (];itiip t.< II.' ' if.Mnt-5 lil.^'xtl ill ilii. m'cIiitliC \V"aUit« i:oat ai.d tioii.-.-J.i, with ;i lighter nmoking jai.kut I had uii'.'.i i. Jiin hiuokititf oap liiul fitlit.il till, KU*i Lt> tliu Htoprt.' Mv o>« cuught i.ydi^«. Hi»o aid u»t Bivy a word, hilt liitud l.iu- h»»id wit.h :t linnininfj I novor ' t!nl»l:oiv»:d a fscntUl'OCOldd OSp'OM, ftnd gBZhtg at. in.., v/ith a look of terror and ontreftt/i I {. It t know hv.r pvayCT, and returned to my room. Tho draw»i"ij* noiua still ootJ.iuucd, till It oaino opiuMiu Jook'n room. I hoard It ia; thu room itsolf. Then thoro was a paw», Afoaikwhiln I had not ^otio to bed, again, hut' lia.-tiiy puttiiiyr on Homo f.lothoii, I wa|Wd. what w.ii t<» rums. In about a qnartor of an hour my own door opened, and kydia ht:i:k(iUi;d t'l mo Jiihuitly. t alio bfiid hut. a itiw wonhi in ft whisper #0 low that, oxoept f<»r tho fcilcnco ronndj it would havo bc«n inandihlo. ' . . " Ilo tlii.-d iu my r</oru,u sha aaid, Thitr waaali. : . Tho next day .look Gampboll WJW fotind lying dead on his bod. Nothing in tho room woa distnrbod. Ilin oap lay near him, Hia olothoa boro no traoo oi tho glustiy' joumoy. ' Tho authoritioa who investigated thp' matter reported that ho " died by tho risijta* tion of God." It was a true vordiofc, m tlio hoart dieioaso of which ho b$d spoken to mo had killed hinit In the night beforo hia funeral, At i|to,^oar of his doath, I heard tho door ^jxni cono& again. Again Lydla walked down ^ho, stoj/rf and again oamo to 'my room. Togothor wo went and prayod by tho fcido of hu coffin. "Ooaeia Thoo," aho said to mo, "yort know that ho loved you <w ffo both loved him, I nrnafc never BOO yon again if I oap help it. Never Aoek mo; and if we meet lot us do »o aa etrangara, I ask you this fayouc on IU coffin." I pressed her hand and g&va; her tho promue. Then &ho; ktaod. tho coffin ana glided noiieleuly from tho' corridor. I did not goo her again. ' Tho next night Lady Weatorhftm sent for mo. She aaid to me hardly i ," Tlio gtavo ban ologod over Jook. Ho ifl gono. My sona aro gono,. Dotibtlesa you will enjoy their inheritance, 1 do not fovo yon, but 1 am not anjtut. Let as i?oyojq moot again," » Noxt day I ' loft Y tho hou«o. Oalvort M'Taviah was Jock's oxocntor, and his will waa ad ho had announced it. Sat tho lotto? never reaohod mo, - I waa nearly twenty-ono, and Oalyerfc M'Taviah, my next ffiond, agreed to taf, travelling. I had alwaya longed for ad ven ture, ana my first journoy.waa to tho dosortoa citica of Central America. At Oantemala I had heard of tho doath of Lord Westerham, followod shortly aftor by that of hia wife. The latter had loft mo her fortnno, which was not very largo, a» hor willexpreaeod it, "oat of puro juatico." It waa onargod with an annuity for LydUt Mainwaring. I know I was well off, but nothing more. Out of Jock Campbell's legacy I liad put by ono-half rollgipualy m a reacrvo against tlio secret trust, which as yet had novor boon communicated to me. I dined, as invited, the noxt day with 3lc Esraor and Lady Kgorton. Thoro was hut one guest boaido myeolf. It was Jook Campbell's sib tor. She ia now my wtfo. Tho day after our xnarriago Lady Egorton inolosod me a letter. It was tltf secret trust of Jock Campbell. , It ran thus: " DsABsax TatOf, Tliis ia my secret trust. If Lydia Man wiring is over in w^nt of mooey, give her half my legacy to you. Bho is the one love of my life. *'If yon dio without hoira, bequoath the sum 1 navo left yon to my sister. It is my dying wish that you should marry her. Good-bye, dear young cousin. Your afloat UOOftM QOUBW, " JOCK," It was tho opinion of Thackeray-and ha expressed it botb in hia conversation and hia work*-that tho quality of hospitality waa rather allied to that of mercy, and bo oitod a very familiar sentiment in a speech of Portia's in aapport of hia view. " A dinner party," ho toed to Bay, quoting her, "waa twice blessed-it bleuod hi on that gavo and him that took."-Olobe. To &ay; that a hook is disagreeable u some* tiraea contidesed rather a echooUgiiiiah kind of criticUm: bat, as a matter of fact, it id nothing of the kind, It is the tmainuM of a book, as of every work of art, to bo agree able $ and in so far aa it iail* of this, it [of goodnaw, 