WESLEYAN- GENERAL CON FERENCE. Tha third General Conference of, the Aus tralian Wesle van Methodist Ohorch wu opened in the Krie-street Ohurcb, on Thursday, M»y 13\. The President (Her. J. Wabsford) took the ccair at l\J a-m., ana utero was a urge aswn dance of the general public A hymn was sang, a palm read, and prayer offered by the Re?. 'W. Baviea. The nil was then called, and the official records read and confirmed. The Sbcebtabt mentioned that one of the lay delegates from New South Wales— Mr. John O. White— was the- first local preacher who ever conducted divine service in Adelaide. He came to this colony in 1836, and from that time to the pre sent bad been a moat acceptable local preacher. (Applause.) ? phxsidhht'8 addbbss. The PmeiDHirr then delivered the inaugural address. He said that bat for the resolution to that effect at the last Conference he should never have had the courage to give the addrew, tat with that resolution before him, and knowing that he might never have -such an opportunity again, he was compelled to a*k- their attention white he said some things which were in his heart of the work of God, and of their beloved Metho dism. He then said— 'A great sorrow has come upon us, and oar hearts are sad to-day. By the terrible Tararna disaster on the coast of New Zealand five of oar beloved brethren appointed as delegates to this Con ference have been taken from- us, and with as all it is a time of great mourning. Not for them we mourn, lor tney were unnsrs servants, isd we have no doubt the sadden termi nation of their work brought them the 'well 'done' of '.their Master and the joy of their Lord. We mourn for the bereaved ones, to severely stricken, aodforour Ohurch, which sustains so great a lots. We earnestly pray that the God of all Grace may comfort those who mourn, and that this painful iliipens&tion; of His providence may be sanctified to the good of all. But we bless and praise the name of God to-day, and thank Him for His goodness to onr other dear brothers from New Zealand, some of whom might have been in the Ill- fated steamer, but He in His meroy turned their course another way, and we bless God to day for that; for His mercy during all the last three years as well as ever before; and for bringing us together again to-day. Mar His presence be with us, and may He baptise us all with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' Continuing be would like to say something as to some of the doubts and difficulties which troubled the Churches in our time. He did not often deal with these matters, but would like to now. It had been said that this was an age of doubt and unbelief. Why it should be be more than any other he knew not But ever since he had had connection with the ministry he bad heard the same remark. We had had from the begin ning, and should have to the end, doubters and scoffers. He would refer for a short time to some aspects of unbelief. This was an age of scientific progress, and we all rejoiced in the discoveries of science. But there were scientific men opposed to the Bible and to Christianity, and they were trying to use science in opposition to the truth, and to make the world believe there were discrepancies between the Bible and the works of God, and therefore that the Bible could not be the Word of God. But that was not true of all scientific men nor of the majo rity. (Hear, hear.) These were with the Churches and with their holy religion; and had shown that between the Word of God and the works of God there was not and could not be any real discrepancy. (Applause.) In our days there were preachers to be found who. in our pulpits and from the Press, were bringing strange things to our ears. These men would give a Bible without inspira tion, a gospel without the Atonement, and a future without punishment for sin. And the strangest of all was that they persisted in keep ing to their place and pay in the Churches whose creed they professed to doubt. There was a miserable kind of popularity attached to this kind of thing. The world of sceptics, spiritualists, and the like ad mired it, and severely lectured the Ohurch for what they called the persecution raised against these men on account of their defence of liberal and enlightened views. Again, this was an age of great intellectual pride, and with some men no man could have any claim at all to large intelligence and scholarship unless be were a doubter and an unbeliever ; and any man who would bring forward any theory, no matter how absurd, opposed to the truth of the Bible and Christianity, would be recognised as a man of great mind and of im mense learning — a man far and away beyond the ignoramuses around him. He (the speaker) was a great believer in intelligent, earnest, humble, Chiiatian young men. (Applause.) He believed that anything which could be done in oar world could be done with them; bat ?we would sometimes meet with and read o( many a yoang man in our day who had passed many an examination in scholastic subjects, but had yet to pus in modesty. There set up for great scholarship and would fix definitely the meaning of Greek words about which there had been great controversy for ages past, and about which Ohristian men had not even now agreed, These now settled the questions which had disturbed their fathers and forefathers; and characterised as false truths which through long years had been received and held dear to the hearts of many. Ministers should be able to grapple with those difficulties. Not that he would trifle with the difficulties of any such doubter, but there was a great deal of sham, mere pretence, and make believe about the scepticism of our day The wish was the father to the thought, the heart was more wrong than the head, and it had been wlselv stated—' Men are against the Bible because it is against them.' in stead then of for ever debating those questions with them the ministers should aim at showing them their sin and their danger; and once convincing them of their sin, their un belief would soon depart. There was really very little in the arguments of those people which had not been fully answered and refuted in the past. Dr. Osborne wisely— very wisely indeed — advised, in order to meet the errors prevalent is 1879, the reprinting of a book issued two or three hundred years ago. Wise advice had been also given by some one to ' receive the light from whatever quarter it may come ;' or, as Joseph Cook put it, ' Look at the light though the eyebrows may be scorched.' Nevertheless, no Christian should be afraid of the fullest investigation. The Bible— the foundation of their faith— would stand the freest and severest criticism, and the greatest and most determined opposition. The storms which were beating upon Christianity and the Bible to- day had beaten upon it for many a year; the billows breaking upon the Bock to- day bad come against it 'again and again, and yet the old Rock stood firmer than ever. The Bible and Christianity were in safe keeping. Thay were shielded by the mighty arm of our Omnipotent Lord, and the gates of hell could not prevail against them. Turning to their own Ohurch he would say a few words about its doctrines and its creed. Its members knew what, as a Church, they believed and what they required in the carrying on of their work. The ministers thanked God for the fflorious doctrine ther had nreached from the Beginning ana wouia preacn to me ena. i&p-; plaute.) Whoever might depart from the faith, God helping them! they would preach that to the end, or till they fell away greatly as a Church, and all truth and honesty had gone from them. (Applause.) Twice a year in their Courts the question was asked of every brother and minuter, 'Do pa believe and teach our doctrines ?' And whether it was asked by a minister himself or Borne one for him he must be under a strange delusion and lost to self-respect who could stand by and hear the question answered in the affirmative and know it was not true. He would now speak upon discipline .and Church government. He knew in doing 'so he was treading on dangerous ground, and therefore he would speak carefully, though he would not hide what he thought. He respected the opposite views held by his brethren everywhere, and he would give pain to bo one; but he most say what he thought about Church polity. They had had a good deal of discussion, about some parts of it lately, and where some would lead them if they could it would be difficult to say. They had bad tome changes in their discip line during the last few yean, but gene rally speaking they bad not touched any great principle. If, however, what some few people in the world asked for could be secured, it would revolutionize Methodism and would scarcely leave a vestige of the original behind. Dr. Boberbxtn had said, u We want a maximum of adaptation and a minimum of change.' There were some people to-day who were want ing a maximum of change and a minimum of adaptation. He hoped they would never allaw or encourage that love of change— constant change in their Church system. Methodism had been gradually built up by some of the wisest [and holiest men, guided by the pro vidence of God, and surely its followers were not going to pull it down in a day. Methodism had ever worked well where it had been well worked. Surely they were not going to put it aside for crude opinions of their -iwn, or they might expect it to fall and leaTe them with 'Ichabod,' the glorious departed, written on their doors. If they were for ever changing where would it lead them to? If th*y were to make changes to meet the views of one to-day, they must make other changes tomorrow to meet the views of those of opposite views. And so on to the end, and that end would then soon come. If they were to make such, changes they would alarm and drive from them good and honest men. Methodism would not then be the Methodism tney joined and loved and admired. If they were to make such changes they would keep good men away from them. Who would ever care to enter a Church in which, no matter what wu the rale to-day, no one knew what it would be to morrow? If they were to make such changes they would mike themselves a laughing-stock for the world ; they would injure their Churches ; they would hinder the woik of God amongst them. The discussions concerning certain parts of their discipline had already done immense harm. (Hear, heir.) He would say— and say carefully, advisedly, and with a full knowledge of what he wa3 s&ying-that; he believed if some ^of the changes which some men (he would cot say a word against these men) desired were to taka place, it would lead to a division such as Methodism had never known before, (Hew, bear.) But whilst he spok thai with reference to charges, he must siy — and say right out — this : that their system should not be allowed to be unworked and their rules to be a dead letter. (Hear, hear.) He believed some Methodist ministers had been led to adopt that plan, thinking that it was better to abandon the thin; altogether than to make a farce of it. He had met some time ago with an earnest young minister of their Ohurch in Victoria, who, while believing in the rules, did not enforce them ; and when he (the speaker) remonstrated with him he pleaded chat another minister— a man in a high, position in the same Church — in an adjoining^Oircuit allowed Oharch laws' to be broken with impunity, and he felt that, rather than permit that to be done in his own Circuit} he would prefer to do away with the whole thing. Surely that was not a right course to pursue. If they changed their laws because they were broken it was wrong. Every Church had a right to insist that its laws should be obejed. (Hear, hear.) In their work there was much to encourage them and cause them to be thankful to God. Though, particularly in their foreign missions, there hid been trials and difficulties, and tboogh their management would require great wisdom in the fa tore, yet they could thank God for their missions in Fiji rod the Friendly Islands, and Samoa and New Britain, where they hoped for a grand and glori ous work. By their Home Missions they had rapidly and widely extended the wcrk of God in the different colonies. In the colleges connected with their various Conferences they had been giving a sound education to the yoang people of the land, and that education would tell power fully upon the future. They had to-day hun dreds snd hundreds — how many he knew not— of churches; congregations large and growing, and for the most part funds, in a flourishing condition. They were thankful for all that; they valued it, but were not satisfied with it, for they might have it all and yet not have true prosperity. Their work was to save men, and spread scriptural holiness throughout the world. They were living for that ; they would not be satisfied with anything short of it. They had, thank God, had even tbat. When he thought of the state of their Ohurch 100 years ago in this land and |what it waa now; or of what it was twenty or even ten years ago, and of its position at the present time; when ho lnnVaA nmn that. f!nnfwnnM» with reDresen atives from all parts of Australasia. New Zea and, Fiji, and New Britain— all there to tell of he triumphs of the Cross— he should think he tad lost his religion, that he hid lost his love to ifa Saviour, if he did not say that he was infi nitely thankful. The Lord bad done great hlngs for them. But even with all that they rere not satisfied. They had not had the suc «ss which they might have expected from the nstrumentality they had employed . During the ast year or two the additions to their churches ]ad not been large. Some had had difficulty evei- in keeping up their numbers. Why was this ? [t was not because the spirit of the Lord waa itrajtened, or the promises of God had failed, [t was not because their ministers had not preached the truths of the Gospel and declared the whole counsel of God. It was not because there was any decline in their zeal or their piety. But what be believed the cause to be he would state in a few words. First, with reference to special services. He did not believe in the Ohurch looking so much to these services for the conversion of sinners. That was, however, sometimes done. Things got into a dead state in a Circuit; the members were in a low condition, and icarcely a sinner was being converted to God; special services were carried on for weeks, members were quickened and signers converted, and there seemed to be much love and power. A month or two after all went again into the old, cold, dead state, and re mained so until the time for special services came round once more. He believed in his very soul those services were sometimes weakening them as a Church. They ought to expect prosperity— and continued prosperity— by the ordinary means, and looking to God, and labouring honestly and zealously, they would have it. Then as to special men. He believed in special men called by God to do the great work, but he did not believe in the Church for ever looking to special men to do its work. That, however, was sometimes done. The Church looked to strangers coming— and prayed for them— that God would bless their labours, while they left their own- ministers and other workers singlehanded. That was not right. If God sent a special man they would welcome him and assist him, but they most not depend upon him. It was a confession of weakness or unwillingness to do the work God had given them to do themselves. Instead of asking for special men they should oftener ask that the Holy Spirit might come upon them. He exhorted every member of the Oharch to work for God. Wherever and so long as that was thoroughly done they would have a revival of purer religion, which would gladden every heart. Many who were willing to work for God were not willingto work on Ohurch lines. They ran away to work on non- sectarian plans. The Churches were thus weakened. What waa wanted on the part of workers was full conse cration to God and a reliance upon the Holy Spirit. He would like to say a few words with reference to laymen. They had many intelli gent, devoted laymen labouring among them, but he believed in nis neart inai mougu suey had done a great deal they could do a great deal more than they had ever done. For instance, with respect to one point, they had bad many lay preachers earnest and devoted whilst they were poor, but who when they had become wealthy had left the Church, having set their hearts upon riohes. Their children had forsaken their religion for worldly pleasure, and bad got hold of strange ideas ; and thus the whole family had been lost to the Ohurch. To ?uch he would use a scriptural exhortation : ' If God prosper yon take head of covetousness.' He would advise them to never give op the class meeting ; never, to give up .the Church, Some of the laymen were helping them in financial matters, but they could do more. There were ministers of. the Churches whe were burdened with financial affairs so heavily that they could not do their proper work. Why could not there be found everywhere laymen to take these matters wholly into their hands ? He longed to see the day when ministers would have nothing to do with finance. It would be a grand day for Methodism. Liberal and large and cheerfully given as the contributions had been, the givers had not reached perfection yet, and there was room for a great deal of improve-, ment There were some good givers in the Church— God bless them !— but there were also prosperous men who had not come up to the mark vet, and he prayed God that a spirit of liberality might come upon them. He believed there was money enough in the Methodist Church to meet all purposes. (Hear, hear.) He next referred to the ministerial changes made daring the butt three years. They had lost some of their most devoted and earnest lay men, and tome of their faithful' and successful ministers. Among these he might mention the Sev. J. Egslestoo, of whom he might say he wm a power in the Church, a good man, and full of die Holy Ghotr, ard the Kev. Dr. Joseph Dare, who was eloquent in the Scriptures, and one of their most successful aad popular ministers. To-day they had also to add to the roll of the dead the names of those unfortunate brethren who had Ioat their lives in that terrible shipwreck on the New Zealand coast ? those dear brethren who eo suddenly and un expectedly had been called away from their work to their great reward. Then, daring the past three years they had lest some ministers by removal to other Churches, and though they might have little respect for some who had gone withnnt «nr mat cause, and who. when they hid left, had spoken lightly of the Church, yet the Ohurch must not think harshly or speak un kinily of them. Some had changed their views and had felt that, as honest men, they must go. They went in sorrow, and woald never forget the old Church. They hid taken their piety and zeal with them, and ha prayed I that God would blesa them where thpy had j gone. The Church most not murmur or com- j plain because some of their ministers left for j other Churches. He believed teat one part of j the great mission of Methodism w&s; tc supply other Chorches with converted, sonl-savioj; earnest minister?, and if ether Churches would only take the trouble to reckon up the number j of ministers they had enlisted frcm the ranks J of the Methodist Churches, they weald see that j the opinion he tad formed was pretty correct, j He believed Methodism was wanted in the world i as much as erer, and he did not belie re aa a j Church they were going to die yet. Their j enemies were not going to kill them, scd he did j not think their merciful God would allow them, j by any snicidal act, to terminate their own j existence. He prayed God would make them a j thousand times more prosperous and useful than j they were. He could not close better than by ? quoting a hymn which had a peculiar appro- I priatenesa to that day and the operations of the j Church at large. The rev. gentleman closed an j address of fifty minutes' duration by quoting these lines — ?? With car songs and glad hosacaas, Let us m-*t in Jesn's same, Every heart present its tribute. Every tonga* bis lore proclaim. Baked by Him, by Him protected, Guided safe in all onr way, He has crowned us with His blessing, He is with us here to-day, j '* Jjcm in tears onr fathers laboux'd, ' 'When tha work' was strange and new. Then the desert stretch'd before them, ??-, : : And the thami and briars grew; Then the soil was hard and ttroaj, Parch'd and very dry tee field. Bat they labour' d with a patience That would rather die than yield. ' Now the deserts bloom around us, And the hills and valleys sin; ; -'o» we're light instead of darkness, Winter new is changed to spring Sow the little one a thousand, Now the feeble nation strong, Now the weary, weeping workers, Bring the heavy sheaves along. ' Dark the veil that o'er the future Hidden all to mortal sight, Bat onr faith can pierce the darkness, See the coming cle«xsr light ; See the grander, greater triumph*, That shall crown the preached word ; See onr church's brighter glory True aad faithful to her Lord, ' lift we then on htgh our banner. Drive all fear and doubt away ; Gird around the heavenly armour, Firmly stand In close array. Strong in faith in God oar S»vt3ar, We shall scatter every foe ; We shall win new crowns for Jesus, Rescue men from endless woe.' KTECTIOX OF PRESIDENT. On the motion of the Rev. B. T. Watkix, seconded by Mr. J. T. Obocch, it was resolved that the election of President and Secretary shoal dbe by an absolute majority of the votes. Scrutineers were appointed, and a ballot having been taken it was found that no person had an absolute majority, the twe highest being Dr. 'Waugh, 32 ; and the Kev. J. H. Fletcher (Sydney), 26. A second ballot was taken, when the votes were-Kev. J. H. Fletcher, 32 ; Rev. J. S. Waugh, D.D., 35. The newly elected President was daly in stalled bj his predecessor, who handed him tha Conference Bible and seals. In taking his position, the Peesidest said he received the symbols of office with very great humility. Ha could sincerely say that be had not aspired to or desired the position in which they had placed him ; bat ever since he had been in the ministry he had made it a rule to accept every appointment given him while not seeking any. Whatever qualificatioas he might lack for the honourable position to which he had been un expectedly elected, he would cry second to none for an intense loyalty to the fundamental and essential principles of Methodism. He bad studied those principles and their history. He knew their value, and they were dearer to him now than ever before in the whole coarse of his long ministry of over forty years. They had met in that Conference to do the Lord's work, and he trusted they would be able to conduct the business in the manner indicated in the words of their venerable founder — ' Let us do every thing as in the presence of God.' He prayed that wisdom and grace and charity might pervade all their counsels, and that they might be guided to the best and wisest coarse. As President of that Conference he should always try to administer the laws and the constitution of Itia Phnrrh ? and ha km »nra thn members of the Conference would assist him by their sympathy, their advice, and their prayers. (Applause.) j The Conference then proceeded to the election of its Secretary, and the almost unanimous choice fell on the Sev. J. B. Waterhouse, who received fifty-seven votes. The Eev. J. B. Stbfheksow, aa President of the South Australian Conference, offered on behalf of both Ministers and members of the Church a cordial welcoms to the General Confe rence. He coDgratulated the President on his election. He was sure that everywhere the members of the Conference would be received with respect and gladness. Their visit would be itnportaat in many respects, and he trusted it would be one of great pleasure to themselves. On the nomination of the Secretary, the Eevs. S. 'Williams and H. T. Bnrgess were chosen Assistant-Secretaries, and the Revs. W. L. Blamires and W. Morley Journal Secretaries. At a later period of the day Mr. Morley was allowed ,to withdraw and the Rev. R. M. Hunter appointed in his stead. The Eev. W. Kju.tjca.ck, D.D., of Sydney, moved,' That the Conference records its sense of indebtedness to the Rev. J. Wataford for the fidelity and ability with which he has discharged the duties of the Presidency since the meeting of the last General Conference, and presents especially to Mr. Wateford its heartiest thanks for the forcible and opportune inaugural ad dress delivered to the Conference on its assem bling.' He referred to the admirable temper and skilful pilotage daring intricate discussions by which the last Conference had so largely ' benefited, and to the subsequent services Mr. Watsford bid -rendered. The resolution was seconded by the Rev. S. Knight, and supported by the Hon. J. Coltoh, Mr. T. VAfcBY (Victoria), and Mr. W. Davies (New South Wales), and was carried i nthnsiastically. A cordial ' ote of thanks was presented to the Rev. J. B. TR aterhouse for his services as Secre tary. I : , THE 'SVEECK OF THH TABABT7A. The Rev. J. B. St«thkh9ON made, on behalf of the Secretary, a formal report of the loss in the Tararua of members of the Conference, and moved to the effect— 'That the Conference desires to reverently express its submission to the mysterious dispensation of Providence in the death of: those brothers who were lost in the Tararna, and tenders its sympathy to the Con ferences of New Zealand and Victoria.' He referred to the profound impression the sad event had caused, and said be had received numerous letters expressive of sorrow and sym pathy from people of all denominations, and that day he had got one from the Victorian General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church. The Rev. W. Mobley, of New Zealand, in seconding the motion, said that deeply as the sad event was felt in all the colonies, the burden of the less would fall most heavily on the Church in New Zealand. He could scarcely control his feelings sufficiently to speak of these departed ones. The four brothers of New Zealand had been hront-ht into intimate association with all if them ttere. The Kev. filr. iticnarason was a on of an English Wesleyan minister, and was arly trained in the doctrines of Methodism, o which he was ardently attached. Metho lism in this land had no more loyal son han the late Mr. Richardson. As to his work n New Zealand, it was no slight matter to neasure tbat. He waa a man who never sought lor rejected an appointment. No matter how irduons the work or scanty the remuneration he iras always found at his post doing bis work. Se had never left a circuit bat that the good iffects of his efforts were seen. They had in rariably grown in prosperity. Last year he had seen appointed to the chairmanship of one of the largest districts in New Zealand, and in the conduct of business as the President of the Conference be had proved himself to be a most idmirable man for the position. They would feel Mr.' Richardson's loss for many years to some. The Rev. Mr. Armitage waa scarcely known to any one besides their own Con ference. He bad been received seven years before under exceptional circumstances. He bad been for twelve or fifteen years a local preacher in Canterbury, filling some of the largest pulpits there. It was the conviction tbat be ought to be in regular work, and he was re ceived and had done his work well ever since. He was well-read in church history, and was, perhaps, the best theologian in the Con ference. He had considerable literary ability. The sadness of his death was intensified bv the fact that be left a family of eight children very slenderly provided for. The two laymen were mea whom the members of the Con ference would have been delighted to have Been there that day. Mr. Connali was a Scotchman, reared in the Presbyterian creed, and converted through the instrumentality of the Wesleyan Church, of which he waa a most devoted adherent. He was without exception the best thoroaghly extemporaneous speaker he (Mr. Morley) had ever met. He tad been a local preacher for about twenty-four years in con nection with the Canterbury Circuit, and was always 'welcomed as a preacher. His I033 would be particularly felt by the yoarg jaen of the place where he lived, for he had taken a very great interest in them, and had a wonderful gift for dealing with them. Mr. Mitchell was also a local preacher and class-teacher. He had been formerly a schoolmaster, but bid retired from that position and devoted nearly the whole of his time to evangelistic work. The Ohurch in Canterbury had been heayilv bereaved iiiuetu. ui hit. -y aiernouse, ne neea on»y say that he was beloved in New Zealand for his father's sake. Mr. Watcrbouse had visited New Zealand seren years ago, and by his genial temperament and his impassioned addresses created a deep feeling of attachment to h:m «lf. On behalf of the cause ia New Zealand fce thanked them for the sympathy the resolu tion expressed, and suggested tb.it there be added to it — ' That a letter cf condolence be sent to the widows and other relatives of the departed ministers.' Mr. Dahiels (President of the Victorian Conference) said it was thirty years since Mr. Waterhcuse first met him, and he remembered well a characteristic expression wnich had dropped from his lips ia answer to a question as to how long he intended to stay at Fiji. Tha reply was, ' I ara going for life. I have devoted my life to the minion.' As they knew that decision was altered by Providential arrange ment. The deceased gentleman had consider able besicess ability, and had proved himself to be cf infinite service ia the Church. 2 hey osghS to sympathize with the brethren in New Zealand in their great loss, and with the bereaved families, and he hoped before the Cc' inference closed something might be done to manifest the sympathy in the latter case in a vexy practical way. J^Zhe Rev. J. 0. 'Snrosrs (Victoria) said there were very few men who had done greater service in the ministry tfcba the Kev. Mr. Water/house, and there waa no more loyal cr faithful nian among them than him. Bev. Mr. Hoxoa (New Zealand) endorsed all tbat the Ktv. Mr. Morley had said. The Hon. J. Coltos stated that he had been intimately associated for two or three yew.', from 1845 or 1548, with the late Bev. Mr. Waterhouse, and he had never known a more devoted or earnest worker than the deceased gentleman. He hoped the suggestion respect ing the practical sympathy woald be carriel }Ut. Mr. James Scott also supported the motion. The Eev. Mr. Pag h (N'ew Zeatind) tr»7er«ed the statements cf Mr. llcrley, and addei that j Mr. Richardson was nu ideal of a Christian j gentleman. j The Eev. G. Eoqbsx (missionary from New , Britain) said the mission was greatly indebted j to the efforts of the late Sir. Waterhoass. j The motion was carried nnanimoaaly. j The Eev. W. Moklet (New Zealand) moved i — '(1.) That a committee, consisting of two j members from each annual Conference, be ; appointed to enquire into the circumstances of ?? the five bereaved famiiiet, and recommend saeh ? measures as may be deemed desirable for j meeting the necessities of those who are unpro vided for. (2 ) That the committee consist of | the Bevs. Kelynack. D D., a Koight, J. 0. ! Syrton, and R. Bavin, Me^rs. J. T. Oroucn, B. ? James, W. Moxbam, and the Hon. J. Colton.' f The motion wia carried. \ The hours of session were fixed to be from j 9.45 a.m. to 12 45 p.m , and from 2 p.m. to 5 o'clock, and it wis agreed that the sessisn should be epen to the public. It was resolved that thirty members should be a quorum, a proposition that the members present at any time be a Quorum having been lost. The Standing Orders of former Conferences were adopted with some Blight alterations. The Secretary laid on the table a return of the expenses inenrred in connection with the holding of the last General Conference, which amounted to £1,171 4s , and whioh hid been defrayed by a levy on the Annual Conference in proportion to the number of representatives they were entitled to send. The Conference then proceeded with the usual routine of business. Answers to several questions relating to the number of ministers who had been received, and had been lost by superannuation, death, and withdrawal.compiled from the minutes of Annual Conference were taken as read. Attention was drawn to the few ness of students in the Theological Institution, and to the desirability of some special record of those who had been received from other Churches or Conferences. Reference was al«o made to the large number of resigu&tiona; in the New South Wales Conference. Mr. Davies and some other New South Wales representatives regarded the reference as a refloctian on the character of the Conference, snd a lively conver sation ensued, in the course of which it was stated that in that colony, so.far from ministers being ill-paid, every one had hia stipend abso lutely guaranteed. A committee was appointed to consider cer tain details concerning the Children's Fund, and several other committees were also appointed. It was resolved that the business connected with the Foreign Missionary Society should be considered in committee of the whole Confe rence on Friday morning. 