Music and the Drama. THBRB is littlo now to speak about in the dramatic world. Tho "'Piraten of Panzanco ". ia still the at- traction at tho Theatre Royal, and appoara to havo loBt little of its attraction to playgoers, for tho bouse ia woll filled- BO»« parts of it unpleasantly ao nightly. Notwithstanding its anc'deoa, it ia, I bo horo, to bo withdrawn at tho ond of 'next wuok, or thereabohta. Whayt will follow I can'-t'prdsbntly any. That is a managerial soorot aa yot, I understand. A good many folks hope for a revival of " Pinafore " /or afew nightstand then for a ahortr, or possibly a long aoasonof ouoh dramas as Mr. and-lura;'William aon havo modo almost thoir own by reason of tho association of their names with tho beßt rendering of thpm, nay, for instance, "Struck Oil," "Korry," and tho "Chineso Qaostion." , The latter would bo especially appropriate just now. However, 1 eup poas wo shall know all about it in duo timo. At tho Queen's Boucicault's well-known drama "Ply- ing Scud" has been produced. It has boon attended with a great deal of aucooas, tho houao hoing well filled nightly. Mr. Hoskins sustains tho part of Mo Davis, and, of oonrso, does it weih I do not remein bor Mr. Hoskins doing anything badly, and I havo noon him a good many timea in a variety of parts during the Jasfc 25 yoaro. I would ba sorry to aay that hia Mo Davia io tho boat thing I have aeon him do ; but I know of few men on the stage in Australia at the present day who could do it so well, and fewer still who could do it better, Miss Marian Willis, as Katey Rideout, has a very small part, and does all that can be done with it. ' It is a pity she has not got something better to play. Miaa Montague, as Julia Latimor, playa well and caro I fully, *nd bringa out all tho good pointa of tho part prominontlr. I thiuk Mías Latimor decidedly an ac- quisition to tho prosont company of tho Qnoon's. dho ia ovidontly capablo of forming an intelligont con- ception of tho parts allottod to her. Mr. Haygarth as Nat Gosling waa vory good, and tho horno repre- senting " Pljing Soud " doaorvea a word of approval, for tho philosophical manner in whioh ho rogordod hia surroundings. Tho " Littlo Permana " did aoino vory offootiTo ond olovor danoing. Tho Gaiety Thoutro waa crammed with a rospoot nblo nnd intolligont audionoo last Wednesday night, who enthusiastically ivpplaudod tho cfrorta of th« singera and especially thooo of tho prinoiploa, namely, Miss Montnguo and Miso Lambert, and Moaars. Turnor and JFarloy. Wallaoo'a popular work, " Mari- tana," with a caat, which in theatrical parlanco ia called powoiful, waa. roprosoutod, tho oast hoing aa. follows i-Kingr of Spain, Mr. J. Gordon ; Don Cfosaé do Banan, Mr. Charles Tnrner; Don Joao. Mr. Ed. Farley; Marquis, Mr. Goorgo Johnson; Lazarillo, Miss E. A. Lambort ; Captain of tho Guard, Mr. Franois ; Aloado, Mr. W. P. Morriaon; Marohionoeat MiasB. Sutherland; Maritana,Mina Annis Montague. Wo hare Boon it atatod that Mr. Turnor was suffer- ing from rolaxod throat, and conaeqnontly had to sing everything noorod abovo P an ootûvo lower. Of course ho did sing ovorything Boorod abovo P (5th lino troblo Btavo) an octavo lower, for ho oould not do othoiwino without introducing falsetto notes, inas- much as tho tonor voioo io an ootavo below the soprano ; but it was not a relaxed throat that oom polled him to sing thus, nor was there any marked By mp toma of relaxed throat perooptiblo in hia dinging. In faot he sang oxooedingly well, ami showed himself to bo what we will toko tho liberty ol calling a ra a ut or tonor. Hia singing was musicianly throa hout, sweet to ovory unprejudiced oar, and without »von tho ghost of un attempt to np!it tho ears of tho ground» lings. Miss Montague mado n charming and spark- ling Gitanaa »nd by hor appropriate aotion infused a groat doal of dramatio fire into hor part. Her einging waa faultloaa. Misa Lambort rmido an offeo tive Lazarillo, but, in hor rendition of " Alaa, thosó ohimoa," oho appeared to bo Buffering from a slight oold. We novor heard Mr. Farley sing badly, and consequently his Don JOBO on Wed- nesday night waa no _ exception to the rule. Ho had to aubmit to an euooro in "Happy Momonta," aa Mr. Turnor had to do in "Lot mo liko a soldier fall." Mr. Gordon, aa tho King of Spain, displayed a voioe whioh on aoconnt of ita depth, weicht, roundness, and rich HOPS, wilt yet onablo him to ocaupy a prominent position on tho lyrio atago. His e-nsomhle ÍR taking and presentable; but he ncoda lifo and animation. A moro careful atudy of atago btumoo» would enable bim to display hie gifts to bettor advantage. Ho will yet bo a fino basso profundo. Tho ohoruaos wore all corefully and spiritedly rondorod, and a word of praiso is also duo to the orchestra, and ogpeoialfy to tho flret violin, for tho admirable etvlo in which tho aooompaniraonts woro executed. Wo shall say but littlo about tho scenery, save that we thiak,it miffht have beon bettor. A considerable number of pooplo wero muoh dis- appointed on Thursday night whou it booame known that thcro was to bo no performance at tho Gaiety Theatre, tho presont home of English opera in this city. But whatever of disappointment may have boon felt at first, quiokly gave way to regret, whoh tho canso of the dosing of tho honso booame known. On Wednesday night "Maritana" was produood, and although Mr. Turner delivhtod everybody by his splendid rendering of Don Cwaar, it was evident that ho was not by any moana in his usual good hoolth. Ho waa unmistakably suffering, from sovoro indis- position, tho result of a severe oold. It was hoped that a night's roat and medical treatment would havo put every thing right, and so late as Thursday afternoon Mr. Turnor was so much improved that his oppoaranco, as usual, seemed a certainty. Bat tho sudden oh ¡in go in tho atmosphorein tho afternoon oauaed a return of tho throat tronblo in BO severo a ¡form as to render singing impossible, and, moat ! reluctantly, tho ovoning'a porformanco had to bo abandoned. An announoemont etating tho causa waa plaood on tho door of tho theatre as early as possible, and othor moana taken b-/ Messrs. Bajloss and Solosion to render tho disappointment as light aa possible, and to oonfine tho inoonrenienco to as few as oironmstanoea would allow. Tho many friends and admirers of Mr. Turnor will hopo ainoeroly that' his indiaposition will, notwithstanding ita present aouto oharaoter, bo of very short duration. Mr. W. J. Wilson, tho woll-known soenio artist, has, wo learn, purohasod from tho compoaor, Mr. t-Lusoombo Soarrell, his oporetta, " Tho Wreck of tho Pinafore," whioh waa aucocnafolly produced in New Zealand a short time ago. Tho mueio is said to be vory light anil taking. It waa favourably noticed by tho N.Z. Press. Mr. Wilson intends introducing: "Tho Wreok" in about six wooka' time at tho Opora House, for whioh great preparations aro being made. Mr . Charloa Paolcor is to conduot. South's" Pinafore" company have beon doing a brilliant bnsinoas ut Bathnrnt, and aro now at Dubbo. The Sydney Literary and Dramatio Club ia fast Increasing ita list of membora. Tho opening porform- anco is to bo a "complimentary" ono. London Assurance," whioh ia boing aotively rohearaed under tho aupervision of a well-known semi- retired aotor, will bo given in about three weeks hence. Mr. W. J. Wilson is painting a hnndoomo " drop" seono for tho Svdnev Onora House. . Mr. J. F, Cathcart ia regarded aa an old favourite ' in Now Zealand. Ho rooeivod a well-merited benefit at Chriatohuroh a fow wcekB ago. Horr Bandmann and Miss Boaudot havo had a moat successful timo in Now Zealand. At latest Catea, Naroiaso (hia groat impersonation) ir aa hoing played at Chrifltohurch. '' The Bohemian Girl," as played by tho Montague* Turnor Opsra Company, at tho Gaiety Thoatro, has, we beliovo, never boforo had in Sydney BO long a mn RB tho ono just oonoludod-nine nights. Miss Mon- tague's " Marblo Halls," and Mr. Turnor'B "Fair Land of Poland." havo, thero ie no doubt, boen the ohiof causo of tho ancoosaattonding tho proBontation of thia dolightful and well-known oporo. A friond informa mo that Moasra. Bakor and Farron wore, at last writing, wbioh waa por latest 'Frisoo mail, at Chicago. Theyapoko of having done good businoso during their Amorioan tour, and hopo to rovist the glimpses of thoir former BUOCOBSOB ia Sydnoy during tho oarly part of next yoar. Tho " Turn of tho Tide" drew another good house at tho Theatro Koyal, Adolaido, on Thursday even- ing. 