THE £EY1;OF: THE' IHON SAFE. 1 BY Drari&K;&ik.; 1 1 K [?] Ttefirmiof Netheteton andMSlbourne, solicitors, tenanted chambers in one ofi those vastlfomlilihgs,': -Aladdin I jBsfeees, devoted' tobusinesa purpose, Which have, of late years sprohg rip1 in onr capitai.- It wasa huge rabbit-warren of r offices, piled np high, floo>r. upon.0floor, and filled with lawyers, ..brokers, . merchants,, ageniraiad J: the utoy;toio_;e«»ping/ distinct' classification, arc only .-known vaguely to all their friends and' aqanain- tanchs -aa -"something .'tofys'j Within the imposing entrance the long liste_ .of .the names of the inhabitants inscribed upon the walls. .wereM pagea after pages Of the Commercial. Directory printed in capital letters. , jFrom the hall a grand staircase ascended 'to amazing heights, and interminable corridors branched off in all - directions; Indeed, from the roofs above, where .prodigious families of pigeons congregated, to the cellars below — a .labyrinthine, kingdojQj, possessed by a famous firm of-wiue.mer- chants — the. honse — -Great Grasshper House Chambers, Gracechurch-street, was the proper address— was qoite. densely. populated. All day long there resounded , through its numerous passages the hamming as -of many hives ?of tiees. There were echoes -arid -re-echoes -of distant voices ' and ; footsteps ; curious; reverberatious and whisperings seemed to . lark in all the nooks and comers of the edifice; while the closing , or: slamming of remote doors produced sounds now of a rumbling thnnderons sol't, and now of the sharply explosive -character of pistol shots. . - : - ... : - It was a most busy place. This of course, was in the : daytime.' " At -night Great Grasshopper Horise was risa temple of the dead. Its tenants all had fled from it. A strangehash-fell upon it ; all was solemnity and silence. - life seemed wholly extinct in it, save that at intervals a watchman or caretaker, carrying a lanthorn and wearing a sort of human glow-worm look, crept quietly about the halls, passages and staircases, to secure the building and its . contents against injury from thieves or fire. A " tell-tale clock " enabled hi$ employers to ascertain whether this functionary had or had not performed his nocturnal duties regularly and punctually. CHAFTEE 1L Mr. Netherston the head of the firm, was not in a position to stir himself much abont its transactions: He was of advanced age, and his state of. health was precarious ; he had -not absolutely retired from business, but -"he only visited London occasionally; presiding . for the most part in his picturesque and com fortable villa at Torquay. He placed implicit confidence in bis junior partner, Mr. David Milbonrne, and by him was kept constantly advised .concerning the proceedings at the office. The partners were friends of long standing ; Mr. Mil- bourne even had been articled to Mr. Netherston. They bad prospered greatly, enjoying the confidence of numerous clients of wealth and distinction in the City. They were concerned for many public .companies and institutions of importance. Altogether they were to be viewed as solicitors of enviable repute and good fortune. Mr. Milbonrne was now of middle age, and looked perhaps older than he really was. The flight of the years fonnd record in the lines npon his forehead and the deep wrinkles abont hiseyes ; in the iron- grey of his hair, and a certain dimness -of right which compelled him to resort to spectacles veiy frequently. He was less upright of figure than he had been ; of late years his shoulders had become rounded somewhat, . the result, perhaps, of his habiturily bending over bis desk in the .attitude of writing. He had never married ; a love affiur iri eatly life,' resulting in bitter disappointment, was alleged to be the explanation of his 1 celibate state. But no one spoke on the sutjebt now; whom, indeed, could it concern I The early ' love affairs of mature gentlemen of fifty are bnt as that kind of "ancient history" which is understood to be very uninteresting to everybody. Mr. Milbonrne occupied handsome aparfments in Clarges-street, Piccadilly. He had been "for many years the tenant of Mr&Bellamy;'s drawing-rooms in that street. He did not pretend to be a man of fashion, bathe«dmired and enjoyed the West End of /London/ He usually - dined at his clob,' the Mausoleum in Pall Mad. " After/jffinnerhe repaired to the card room of thatristablhffiment ; nothing pleased him so mutows;a|iatne of whist. I ndeed whist may bed&Ctibed; as a special hobby and form of -recreation. Whist had been known to keep him np very late at night, and away from lushed in Clarges-street. But as Mra Bellamy was wont to observe, " he gave. . ho.; trouble." He let himself in with his latch key, lighted bis candle, and crept -npstaiis aa quiet as a mouse. And Mr& BeUamyrfrad known gentlemen that were uncommonly noisy to be- sure when they.-camO;kome at nights. Bat Mr. Milbonrne'jWas that steady and con siderate, he - was- quite beyond praise; while for of his debts . to her; clockwork/ 7rwas nothing to him.' ' So Mra. Bellamy mitiii-' tuned. 1 1,"-' cHlPHmm. One morning, - between -eleven- rind twelve, a sprightiy;sharpfeatrired'yonng man blocked at "the door- in Glarges- street. Mrs. Bellamy promptly appeared. She usually deputed the duty of opening the door to one of her servants ; she employed two, she was wont, to state with some pride, and there was no need, therefore, for her to perform menial duties. But as she afterwards observed,' it was a morning of some confusion, rind she was never above being : nsefal ; happening at be in the' hall/ when the knock came to the door she had etraight- way ripened it. ,',"/. / / The young man smiledtod nodded iii a mariner that migh t be. tifougbf/af&ble; by some and impudent by rithera.- Mri Bellamy, not bring qnite clear ..which., it Wis, jwesriYed7 a statelycalm, -and cartain rigidity ofrport -as ehe-turned qritipriirigilrioJraripohiJwW atei"! hesaidriiekly. "I'm. MivlCallow. . from /jhepffice.", /";2t young gentleman," she Am wpred,' xWriferi cKaSge of aspect." she asked, "Do you bring any message tetoftmwviwm. o yjjn expect limfini" '» . "4 Wi«y. I don'tJknbw' when to' expect him." "At what time did he start for the ;/j „ T- , . Mrs- 'Bdlamy seemedfroubled bow to 'triply. Presently she said with some hesitation. " I really don't 'know any thing of Mr. Milbourne's movements?' - "The fact is," said the yonng .man.'; we can't geton without the key of the iron site.1 'As Mr. ; Milbonrne did not tarn np at his nsnal time, I've been sent here to ask abont him, and get his key." We thonght he mustheill or -something 'or other had happemd to detain hi m. Mr. Kimber — our other chief clerk, - yon . know — told me to .come hers as quickly as I-copld-pqdmake inquiries,".. twi JlilbtmriioV .not at his office; then!" said Mrs. Bellamy. " Of course he isn't, or I 'shouldn't have come here to ask about him." "It's odd. I thought perhafri he'd gone on straight to the office. I have .not seen him this morning ; now X think of it, I haven't seen him since' yesterday morning." \- " Well if he isn't, -here 4 isn't at the office observed the articled— rierk, " the question is where the deuce -is be r' - "One can't help feeling a little anxious," said Mrs. Bellamy -nervousLy — : the colour had faded from her cheeks, which were not pallid ordinarily, and her vpice trembled somewhat "One does, hear of such dreadful things happening. , I suppose its no use beating about the bosh. It's best to tell the truth." : "The-- truth, -the -whole troth end., nothing but the truth. That's yonrsort," said Mr. Callow laughing. "I don't know that there's much/to laugh at," Mrs. Bellamy returned, with" an air of reproof. " Bnt I must-tell yon that Mr, Milbourne did riot come home last night" "Not'ajtall? Stayed ont all night P In his 'surprise the articled clerk whistled noisily. - If such a thing had happened' to toe people' would' have said rill' manner of things." " Bat Mr. Milbonrne's so particularly steady and respectable." " I daresay the steady and respectable, have their larks occasionally, you know," said Mr. Callow. " But think of his time of life be is quite old." " I don't know whether some of those old boys don't have more fan than the young ones," the articled clerk remarked, sagely. " One thing, the old boys have usually more money to fling abont them. And fan costs money ; that's my experience. , All the same. I never saw many symptoms of fan abont Milbonrne. What's become of him, I wonder ! We shall have to adyeise fw him, I snppose.- 'IiOBttoIen, or-strayed, an elderly gent;' answers "to The name ' of MUbourne, Christian name Daniel. Bound shouldered, hook nosed, grey haired, rises spectacles, takes ennfij carries an um brella, <fcc., <fcc. Depend npon it it's a case for the police," , " It's no laughing matter, Mr. Callow. That's my opinion of it." Mrs Bellamy was quite right It was not a laughing matter. GHAPIER IV. Mr. Callow spent many hours riding in a hansom cab to and from Clarges- street and Great Grasshopper Hoase, making inqniries concerning Mr. Mil bonrne. It was taken for granted that he would present himself in the coarse of the day either at the office or at his residence. But time passed, be did not. appear, and no tidings of him were forthcoming. It was evidently inconvenient to Bay the least of it. Mr. Kimber the head cleft7was"tnhch"peiplexed. He-tried to persuade khaadf-Shat. Mr. Milbonrne had been suddenly sent for or accidentally detained somewhere.. So many.' things might have happened. He might have been snmmoned some distance to take instrnctiohs.ifor a will, say, a client in extremis, who conld not be left , for a moment; who had many instructions to give, and was only intermittently com petent to give them or to advise with his solicitors ; or suppose that Mr. Mil- bourne himself, Of that some one of his' next relatione hadjbeen seized witli illness. , Was that so improbable ? "Throughout j the dayMr.Kimbercontinuedto watritfhe. office door. aodrio iisten for the sound of approaching iodteteps. . If Mr. Milboafne' himself, did nob appear — and it was always likely that he would — it was only treasonable -that a messenger, a -friend, a' jpostman, a telegraph boy, wonld bring riews of him. Still no news came., . As the hours went by.- Mr. Kimber grew more and more uneasy, Me conld scarcely conceal now that be was anxions and alarmed. " Something moat have hap- :pened," 4e eaid to himself qyer and over again ; end soon he was persnading him- iself that something in qaestion was some thing serious— something very serioos indeed. - He did not wish it to he thought, ; however, that he bad taken alarm too readily. He: might undergo reproach if he acted too energetically or treated as a grave myBtery a matter whichtnight really be susceptible of a very simple explana tion. It-would he'too ahsnrd if he were to raise a great %ne and cry to set the police abont a man who' ri><ght be;diBtant only a stone's throw, orcoming round the corner safe and sound even at the very moment of a great searchibr him being Bet on foot. : For these reasons Mr. Kimber was loth to : quit his attitude of waiting and watching, the while he reflected that soon he most do something — he knew not what — bnt something — if Mr. Milbonrne did not presently appear. "So onlike Mr. Mil- bourne," he frequently repeated. "So veiy unlike Mr. Milbonrne. He never did each a thing before. To think that we should be ail day long without the key of the safe!" It is to be explained, Jiowever, that Mr. Mflbnuriie was not in the habit of taking away this key vrith Kmj forit was an isstnioient of Babstantial size .and, weight, by no means suited for deposit in a gentirinan's pocket He was hsh'alljr" Contentrto place the fcey-in -his -writiug desk, which' was secnred' by a patent lock. Arriving at his bffioeithofl-'beeu his wont tOxmldck ids desk Md Vriease'vIwkey of cased chamber of Quoins sizSi;JOoutaining .n-j.-Mr.-Kimber waaampnsed to told that 3the''ljfief ot'MSe '«Se'vraB.:'lii>t writfatout; ffiowevetv rAooese tohe nrife clerks fonnd some difficulty an snfficiently occnpying jt-faemselua in the .absence of the key arid of MriTulbonrna A duplicate key, as Mr. Kimber knew, was in thq, hands of Mr. Netherston, at Torqtay.Jt might .Win? neceaaaty to apprise Mr."Netheiston of Mr. Milbonrne's non-eppearance, land apply for the dupli cate "key. ' "Bnt -this was not a step to be taken without deliberation. It was very desirable that in his state of health Mr. 'Netheratori Should not be troubled. - Bnt of coarse he would have to be troubled in the -event of Mr. Milbonrne's absence continuing. ./The -day passed. To, Mr. Kimber's great distress nothing was seen or heard of Mr. Milbonrne.' Mr. Kimber resolved that he wodld defer action in the matter untilJSiefilaUbwing'- Inormng. " LtWas" probable thai-tbe eany'post-womd'-tnibg- news of theribseht solicitor. Mr. Kimber, however, passed a veiy restless night. ' . Tfre morujjgamei still Mr. Milbourne jdid/' npt :. apar, nor did any letter, message, britelegram from him arrive at the office. - Mr. Kimber .resolved that there was now no help for it ; the police riinhtibe cqmmunicated yyith, although no public alarm was yet -to he given. Mr. Callow wa8 de8patdied by express train to.Torqaay, the bearer of a letter to Mr.. Netherston, informing him of the position of affairs/ and applying for his duplicate key. ' The police constable, consulted as to the disappearance <of Mr. .Milbonrne, inquired , when he was last. seen.. Inspector Fer- roby, an officer of repute for his sagacity and energy, took charge of the case. The inspector's questions; and the SriBwershe obtained, both in the city and at the West End, informed him of Mr. Milbourne'e habits and ways of life. In tbe matter of work, it seemed, he was not accustomed to spare himself ; he was never in a hurry to quit his desk. Occa sionally, bnt not often, he had remained ir ' his office after the departure of his clerks. Had fas remained in hia office ori.' the night of his disappearance ? ' It really ' seemed that he had. He had dismissed the.clerks, telling them that there was no occasion for them to remain. He was always a considerate .gentleman, ' they said ; bnt he had some writing to do, he stated, and he,cpnldbest accomplish it in -the quiet. of Great Grasshopper House, after office hours. Mr. Kimber had left Mr. Milbonrne seated at faiB desk in his private room, which -opened into the clerk's office. Mr. Kimber had turned down the gas, but had not turned it off knowing that Mr MUbourne would re quire some light to find his way to the outer passage.' Half an hour after the closing of the office it was usual for the housekeeper, who lived on the premises, 'or her servants, to enter with brooms and brashes, to sweep op any .-dost or litter, rake out the grates, and generally tidy and .cleanse the rooms. Inspector Ferraby examined the house keeper. She had entered the office at her nsnal time. _ It might bave been half -past seven or a quarter to eight. Mr. Milbonrne was not there then. The offices were qnite empty. She had not seen or heard Mr. Milbonrne go. In so large a building it was quite a chance if she ever heard or saw the goiug or the coming of any person in particular. She knew that he bad gone, however, becauae she did not see his- hatrir his' umbrella. He.always carried an umbrella. - - Supposing, then, that Mr. MUbourne had left his office at seven o'clock, say, whither had he gone ? Not to Clarges- street. Mrs Bellamy was quite positive as to that. Nor to his club. The in spector had carefully inquired at the Mausoleum. - Mr. -Milbourne had not dined there npon the night in question. Nor had -he been -seen there since. -It came to this then : Mr. MUbonrne had been last seen alone by Mr. Kimber at about half-past six. The solicitor was sitting at his desk ; he said simply that he should not be long, bnttbat be wanted nothing .more; and no one heed wait for him ; and in a friendly way he bid his chief clerk good night. An hour later, and his room was empty. He had gone forth, and. nothing more was known of him,. No one had seen him. ?. To be precise, it was on tbe night of Tuesday, the llth March, that Mr Mil bourne disappeared. It was on .the morning of the 15th that Mr. Callow called in (flanges-street j:ontheJj5th he was/sent down to Mr- /Nelblrston,; .- at Torquay, who forthwith telegraphedHbat he would himself arrive in London on the .1 7th,hringiiig.wjth him his duplicate key of the iron safe. Inspector Ferraby confessed to himself that be was puzzled. - He -was careful not to confess as much to anybody else, how ever. Indeed, he did not hesitate to maintain that-he possessed a clue to the myBtery, the'whUe he assumed -an aspect of Bhrewd reserve and calm vigilance. He had fairly taken pp his/ abode in Great Grasshopper Honse. CHAETEEVX. With the presence of Mr. Netberston npon the scene, andCthe. production of his duplicate key, the, .mystery of tbe dis appearance of Mr. MUbourne was solved, bat'to the most painful andeven appalling mtoner./ Thejstrong.room having been opened toe bCdy -of the misting solicitor was discovered in a hnddled attitude npon the iron floor. Apparently the poor man hodjbeen thruBt. into the room with some viojence. Thpre was a wbund upon his scalp -where his head struck agaiDst one of the iron shelves of tbe safe. He had, perhaps, already assumed bis bat and umbrella when the murderous assault was made upon him ; at any rate, tbey rested faiietide his body. It was possible, of course, that they had been flung into the safe after him. " Murder," observed Mr. Ferraby, in a low tone, "if there ever was a murder." ; Mr.' Netherston was deeply affected. He staggered back in a (tinting state, and but forthe support of Mr. Kimber would have felled -heavily. Presently he re covered himBelJ; however, and said with great solemnity and force, "My poor partner. I have lost the best and truest friend man., ever Jhad. One more trne- hearted and right-minded, more just and honourable insll his -dealings, morejeind and tender and. amiable in all the relations of -life than; my poor partner, Daniel Milbonrne, never trod the earth. But our duty is clear. A font and cruel murder has been committed. ' Justice must be vindicated. God will help os to dismvertoectiminalaiid avengethe crime: Inspector, you will understand that po expcnselsrill be spared. There will be ah inqoSd; bf couree. No doubt tbe Qovern- mentwilloffsrarewardforthe discovery of«hlWr8«wl I pWliaywlf offer jlike/ rewtidj-or alkrger. ' Twill spare no (pains or money in discoveririg and drag- gingto justice the assassin of Daniel Mil-, bourne." A doctor was sent for, bnt rather as a matter of form than ' .for any other reason. He pronounced, what all knew -beforehand, that Mr. Milbonrne had been dead for Some days ; that 'he had died of suffocation. ' Excepting the wound upon bis. head his body . showed no marks of violence. ' His dress was not tom or disordered in 'any way. There was no' evidence of his haying been opgaged in jany. conflict with 'his murderer. A forcible -.-push . into the strong room, and then - the quick taming of the key upon him, 'and ;the mnrder of Daniel, Milbourne seemed to be accom plished. "A word with you, inspector," said Mr. Netherston. They 'conversed in low" tones apart from .the others.; ' " Who has done this l" " That's rather more than I can tell yon at present, sir," answered Inspector Ferraby. : "Do you suspect anyone T' .. : " In cases of this kind I make .'it a role to suspect all parties until I find evidence pointing to ope party in parti cular. . We begia in the dark of course ; ..hat's nature, that is. Bat we grope our-, way to the light by degrees ; or the light dawns upon us." ( . "But what 1b your fiist step usually in a case of this kind ?" . " We'look abont na, sir. We watcb and wait. Sometimes tbe other side, I mean the criminal, does something, to help as — tries to throw as -off the scent and so puts us on. Criminals must always be doing something ; they ; can't keep quiet That's the. nature of criminals, and then we ask ourselves who had anything to gain by the mnrder and who was last with' the inmdered? That helps us you know." " Kimber was last seen with Mr. Mil bourne." " Most respectable man Mr. Kimber, - I've no doubt," observed the Inspector. " Valuable and confidential clerk, 1 understand ; been in the service of this firm a great number of years. Man of excellent character who could produce, I'll undertake to say, any number of first class testimonials. Might I ask if you ever contemplated giving him his articles— -that's the correct expression, I believe, and taking him into the firm ? Or — to pnt it plainer — had. Mr. Kimber anything to/gain by the death of either of the partners! Would his own interests be advanced in any way by the removal of Mr. Milbourne?" " Good heavens, man," cried Mr. Netherston, "you don't suspect Kimber of mnrder ! You might with just reason, suspect me ?" " Pardon, me, Mr. Nethetston," said the Inspector ""you could prove a clear alibi, you know. You wqre at Torquay. Now Mr. Kimber was on the spot, and more' than that, he -was the laat person who saw Mr. Milbourne 'alone. The murder was committed between six and tight o'clock, we'll say. Kimber admits that he was on The premises until six That brings him rather near the crime, to say the least of jtt , Yoa see, he had abundance of opportunity. He knew all abont the safe. It was very easy for bimpso -respected and ; valued J«s a confi- dential servant, to approach quite' dose to his employer and give'- him a' push. It was the work of a moment, no doubt. Mind, I don't say that Kimber did it ; that's to be proved. Bat as we most suspect someone, why not Kimber ? After all, what do yon know of Kimber really ? What do employers ever know of the private lives, the doings and goings on, of. their clerks ! For all you know, Kimber may have speculated deeply and lost — not on the tmff that is not likely- bat on the .Stock Exchange ; or he may have robbed yon, embezzled money, and falsified the accounts; such things are done every day. Of course you have never suspected him, and have not found him ont But suppose Mr. Milbonrne made certain discoveries, and remained late at the office to have a private talk with Mr. Kimber, ont of hearing of the other clerks ; it might — I don't go farther than that — 1 say it might be worth' Kim ber's while to push his employer/into the strong room, and make an eud of him. Sudden provocation, what the' doctors call homicidal impulse, and the thing's done." "If you suspect Kimber you may us well suspect any and everybody' rise.-; The . other clerks, the housekeeper, ' her; servants, the watchman, the people in the; adjoining chambers, the other tenants of offices in Great Grasshopper House, tbe commissionaire at the entrance, the police man ontside, the very passtis-by in the . Streets." "I may happen to suspect a good many before I find the right one to sus pect," said the Inspector, -quietly. "But I must begin with someone,' so I begin with Kimber." "There will be no end to it. We sball get into such a state of suspicion that we shall think - everything, the most trifling article about us, suspicious and possible evidence in the case." As Mr. Netherston spoke he glanced ronnd the room, seeking, as it seemed, a means of illustrating his remarks. " Tbose gloves, for instance." . He pointed to a pair of light tan coloured gl >vee Testing upon Mr. Milbourne's writing-table, and but half hidden by tbe inkstand. " Whose gloves are they by the way ! They're uot mine." "Nor mine," said tbe Inspector. " No, nor poor Milbonrne's. He never wore gloves of that colonr, and he could not have squeezed his heads into gloves that size." Inspector Ferraby promptly took possession of the gloves, and witlr uri assnmptiou of a careless air, he sought their owner. He ascertained that they did not belong to Mr. Kimber, to Mr. Callow, or to any of the other clerks in the office. They were a man's gloves of small size. They had been worn, bat wen not mnch soiled. To whom did they belong f Were tbey, indeed, to be considered as a due to tbe discovery of poor Mr. Milbourne's murderer! The inspector examined them closely. Did they present any marks by which their Owner might be traced ! The inspector : smelt them.- ' Was there not a feint odonr j abont; them, as of sulphur or turpentine, ; betraying " that they bad been .cleaned Were these signs initials! This" was, Certainly tbe name of the mate: or of the trader who had vended them ; and the figures denoting the size; were plainly ' visible; " 7i-?i , . ...... .. A tfa ft® ; murdered mait'e' Jtbaai J ' :Xhe tospector wrapped the gfoyes in paper and deposited them in his pocket. He made an em try of some length in hiB note- book, and then he took to brooding a good deal'over the matter of the murder, as though' discovery' could be arrived at by a sort of inca- bative process. - . - , ' ...CHAlTEB VIL. S . The mnrder ' made a great Atir. I The newspapers ; fonnd it an exciting theme.' Beporjters, 'descrip'tivb . 'writera,' /and draughtsmen upon ; wood ' for &e; illuk-' tested journals, clustered about. Great Grasshopper House 'day after day -pro' vidjng-the public with the latest intelli gence of the occurrence, .with pictures and portraits of: the places persons most concerned. -The Great GrasBhopper- -iloase Tragedy ;r-aa it came to.be called —was speedily a general topic ojf cohver- satiODj and even took rank, as an eminent writer _ expressed it,; "among- tiie few domesffo evente 'which b/ the 'depth and the expansion of horror attending them rise to the dignity of national interest!'.' It was pointed ont 'on all tides that what bad been Daniel' Milbourne's fate yester day might-be the fete of any other lawyer,' merchant; or man of bnslriSss, to-morrow, of even to-day. The people asked each other nervously, " Who was safe!" — nor was any satisfactory/reply forthcoming;; - ' There was, of -course, an inqneBt The coroner's j ury viewed -the body, the etrODg room,nand general!y the premises occupied by the .firm of Netberston and MUbonrne. The facts of which the reader has already been informed were doly stated' in evidence by Mr. Netherston, Mr, Kim ber, Mr. Callow,- and others... There was also a post-mortem examination of the body, inspector Ferraby was called. In ..the course of his testimony he pro: duced the gloves fonnd in Mr. Milbourne's . room. He was obliged to confess, how ever, that be had 'not-succeeded in tracing the gloves to the owner. The caae was enveloped/ in mystery. It was proposed that there should be an open -verdict : Wilful mnrder against some person or persons unknown. Suddenly a voice was heard in the court " Mr. Coroner, I request that my evidence may be --heard. Those gloves are mine. I identify them." - CHAFTEB Ym. , There was considerable' excitemfeht, or what the newspapers call " sensation," in , court A gentlemanly-looking, well- dressed young man, stepped into the: witness box He was of fair complexion, but somewhat sunburnt with light- coloured and curling hair, a small mous- . tache, but lio whiskers. He possessed regular features, almost effeminate in tbeir delicacy Sod refinement His .appearance, altogether, might have been properly described by -the' reporter/as " pTepossessing," bnt' tbet ;tbfe term Is usually reserved for female witdesSeS p'r prisoners.. His manner was reasonably calm. It was clear -that he was discharg ing a duty that was new and not agree able to him. He was unaccustomed to give evidence in court, and he felt as others have felt before him, that the position of a witness before' a legal tribunal is one of embarrassment and difficulty, Moreover, tbe gravity of the case in which he appeared could hardly be exaggerated. : His name, it appeared,' was Charles Delmar. .. Heiwas not ' ia business. He possessed some means of his pwn,-and he confessed that he had -made money on the tnrf. A bill of exchange accepted by him had come into the possession of a client of the firm of Netherston and Mil bonrne. He had failed to honour hie acceptance. He had been, threatened, therefore, with legal proceedings, and produced the letter he had received from the firm. It informed him that a writ- would be issued against him on the 15th March. To avoid this he hurried np from Newmarket on the afternoon of the 14tb. He - was late in calling at the office of Messrs. Netherston and Mil bonrne, for his train had been considerably behind its time. He brought with turn money to satisfy the claim made by tbe lawyers on behalf of their client. It was later than 'six o'clock when he reached the office of the firm, bnt "be could :not say '.Vow - much" later. It '.might ', have been half-past six The -clerks 'had left: apparently, b.ut the doors were not'closed and the gas Was burning in the office. A gentleman who- stated himself to be Mr. Milbonrne, came from au toner room. The witness; had -never Seen him before, had never .before entered Groat Grass-' hopper - Honse. He explained to ;Mr. Milbonrne the -object of bis visit.- - His interview, scarcely lasted 'five' minutes. ' He handed the sblicUor bank notes for eighty .pounds, with one sovereign and some" loose silver— he conld not State the' precise - amount—in settlement :of -the- claim for/ipterrat'a.nd.leSghl'hxpenses; .'In . return he received the dishonoured bill, which he produced. He did not ask for; a formal receipt— he ' was content to obtain possession of the 'bill. "Why did be pay. in bank notes 1 He had received bank .notes upon' Newmarket racecourse, and had riatuially Wpplied-theSe to satisfy1 the "demand! made upon him. Mr.' Mil bonrne would probably have demurredto; accepting -bis cheque in exchange. Thfc' interview 'over, tbe matter of business : concluded, he had left Mr. Milbourne at his desk. Gould not say whether he had or not in goiug out closed thedoorof the office behind him. /'Had noticed the large iron safe — it was open, and tiie. key stood in the lock, he thonght; but' "he was not sure. Had not observed anyone larking about the entrance to the Office. All was veiy quiet . Did not roffiembef meeting anyone in the passage.. Did not miss the -gloves immediately ; . thought at first, he mUBt have left them in the cab Which conveyed him /from the station to Great Grasshopper House. ' Becollected afterwards that he had them on when' he entered the lawyer's office bat it was ton late, then to go back for them. He bad left London the following morning! Had not seen the newspapers for some days.' "Directly he heard of 'the miirder he bnrried back to town to give evidence before the coroner. He had /only arrived in town that morning.. Had-..now told the court all be knew. In reply to the Coroner's inquiry as to the numbers of the hank notes he had paid Mr. Mii- boonie, he replied that be did not know the numbers. ; Many bank notes passed ihrough his hands/ but he never kept account of their numbers. The /notes came to him from strangers for whom he bad made bets on -commistion. -The dotes probably had bStii obtained frdim nUd -vbt CKXird the niimbhra of tbe B&uk; of Engfend notes fhey '/recerred or .pad1 oilt 1 /. . . - _ It was jinlged that' Mc -Ddmar had given his evidence very fririy. He had apweriY„gPon pnt to; him. An . nqjournment df the inquret was proposed, -fonti:the Goroner- Hiooght that 1 Upon The whole tbey toight as well 1 terminito'thtir prooeedings fo e pofica /. Bo the jmyi' returned.anopeniveBst > .- ; -i rci -f:-M » j.j-iabii : f .. .T -'PEAPpm. ,BX. ..... : Large wieai-vrerer5 offertH 'fbi flfe1 active and . indefatigiU)le . In .Their en deavours to Bolve roe 'mystery of tbe crime, and to bring theguilty toynstice-: No -arrests -were made,' however, Wild peoJde bOQ 'to -tte1; mtdlenrepf'pflBcof.the |ap,'juid to enquire ratte-fpntetptnoaalyi toot! cern ing ""the - theOry rof' >the Much wis saafoffrea 'dCTfiis, tirhe'tis to " the tlfeory' bf the polide." ' The' rieris? papeis , cpened their columns : to Very diffuse correspondence on the 'subject ; country proffered sScqjgestiMis aacto vhe proper course to he -pnrsnsd./ r jt was proposed :<that : wrests ehonid-'be madej now of Mr. /Kimber,; now of Mr.- Nether-' ston, and now of yonng Mr. CallOw, the articled -clerk.-:. Some -viewed with sus picion tbe- evidence of Mr. Delniar; others" held lt to be' cfertidh' that -the housekeeper .and care- taker at Great Grasshopper Honse knew more abont. the murder than they professed to know.: In certain quartern s detire prevailed 'that poor . Mrs. ' Bellamy should be' brought before >a>> -magistrate. -T Altogether much advice was forthcoming: of 'an .impulsive, ill-digested, therefore tatber wbtth:; less' sort The. police ' ke/pt thefr "oWn counsel;. If they had.formed ,aiiy-'thebry. tbey were-carefui not to -say what it was. They' looked ;as wise ' as they coiild/'bnt- held their' tongiuea. 3o far thiy/at any 'rate, proved their prudriice. General opinion accounted for -the mur der in this manner : Some eril-diepcsd person, lurking /abont /to "the deseried piassagepf Great: Grasshopper Honse had watched. Mr. Delmar -enter She- solicitor's office/and seen him' transfer bank tt&es; to Mr, Milboufoei in hxchaipgbTor .ths'dli- honooredbilL "Mr. Delmar having taken bis .departure; it was easy for- rifis evil- disposed person to steal behind ' Mr. Mil bourne, snatch the notes froth him, and suddenly thrust him into his own safe.. The bank notes, of course, were missing, without any chance of their bring traced; The' key of the safe, was also -misting. \- ' CHAPTER X. For some time Mr. Kimber/ was un pleasantly epmriom-toetrriie was an object -of suspicion. Tqm- which way-he, / Would, he saw, or fancied .that he saw, f the eye of a policeman fixed upon him in a Scrutinizing and distrustful ; manner. It kas bard ; for few' med regretted thh: decease of his /employer more' tincefely than did Mr. Kunber. He coiiid only rely upon the excellence of his character; his -well-known ,tepectability/ bhd hope, that in time he pught live down the mis givings, on his account, 1 even of the oliee. < \- It was different with Mr. Delmar. He" too was drider/earvefllance. The'tajl, thin figure of /Inspector Ferraby followed juin like his shadow. Bnt"h'e hkd not Mr, Kimber's consolation. Mr.'Deliiiar baA no resferve, of. /raltatlpn'to /.fell batik:1 npon. He :turned "upmi/ihe-officer/pne flay." "Look "here. - I have had' about tooqgh of thit. '/When''are yop going id ' let me alone! When -is there to be' an/ end of this !" ': "When the murderer of Daniel '-Mil-' bourne is discovered," said the inspector. : ."Give a dog a bad name .and. hang him. : You want to hang tn'e I enppoue ?" "I want to hang the murderer'/ of Daniel Milbonrne." . "I know I'm a 'bad character; that my kind of : life isn't conaidered respect- able. People think "because a -man bets, he ne"eds most" be a rogue : that all "are back sheep who - go on the turf, Bat, like-eOmeone else, we are not-so black-as Iwe are painted. I'm" a man -of 'good family, I'd have youinbw. My/ fetber jw as a clergy mau. I receiyril aTTni viraity s education. . I've lived; like a gentlemau, thobgfa'I do attend caces, and/ nbw End then, I admit it, am terribly dowtfrin/my" luck." ' . , , "IknowaH this iaboatydaVnnd more;; Mr. Delm'ar," said the 'inspector. " Yon persist'then'm dogging my foot steps/ in hautfting tne-like a ghost T ; " I must do /my dnty, Mr. Dalmar." : / "The reward tempts rpoff liisnppoeEt Old Netfiefstoff l hetiv is vsiy"fr6ettd with his money. . / H®51 /f /ahy .tmfohu t, " (theyteff>fo%to'/disedyer : the fatty/ who. jwaa' really guilty of the murder."? : , "Mr. Netheratoh'doW what he/'thinks his dihfy, and I do what J- think; feihe." _ " Then I'm to see joti which ever/way V I go, am I! You're to fellow me: /whether I go east, west, north, or sohth, jareybd/! _ Well,! warn yon; ifaeuoogh' to madden a man. You may ./tra my /patience too far, and tome day.tohto f look ronnd and "find -yonv follbiring/niy footsteps, I shall be tempted to"" " . " /" Not to murder me, Mr/ ' Delmto ?" As the inspector-spoke, he seized the' young man by 'the arm. "N6,'"£Bud Mr. Delmar.witha strange -laugh: ""Not to murder ' yon, Mr. Inspector, only to . give you tin charge. As I «>id before, I warn you." Mr. Delihar. turned on his heel End' departed. ' There was a cruel and wrathful expression on His face. He was/of a. deadly-palior, and hi8 blue eyea flaahed angrily, i . The inspector mused: "A1 violent man, of vicioUsr liabits uf life,' liable ;to fits of passion, unscrupulous, .vindictive; pitiless.'? He is Capable of any crima He carries a revolver. " He"'Wouli 'have shot me then ik - ne nea- dared, or the chtoce. wsS fevoufriile. ; I'knoii'Hieman how! HitfidiL" , The inspector walked on slowly, medi tating as he want, -in the direction -Mr. Delmar had' taken. ' "It wto'a bold step, his HComipg . for: ward to claim his glavss..;.anii give evidence,- and he did It very wefl. Bnt he Vecej tod' little money at'/Newmtoket that dSy, ahd bfohght pb bank notes to /London.,, He weht-fofheoffioe to for time, probably. The : temptation/ to toatch Vhe dishonoured bill iras/too/much for him j !he t yielded.. The iaihfdec resulted. A little :more eridence' and ;tiic warrant mlghtissae1 \- : fBTt WrUUTCT.' "'Hia' "tim'e'td-Ijijme;rJ 'ajWiiiAsfa; j t. 'belmto tod .his ' movements. He iwas now at Chetoer now it Croydon, at Stockbridge, Batfa, York, Epeom, and ojher plates. He was rarely absent .fyom apy race "meetings . 6f importance. -He had 'many acquaintances .bnt ;few friends,' no intimates. -Hy his family he bad bren «ltogetber 1diBcErded. - The fospbr hpted.that here he 'bad 'hton a la fwinDer. there a heavy loser. But tipowtJte.vrliide it teemed? that Jfls los- /ihgs itentiderably Exceeded his -winnings. dijbniLpteticUlar8 ! Of his expenditure 'Were hsreand,:, tiiere entered into the foapectoPe - ttdteibook phis tradesmen's, tayerh,8 tod bthetihillk- "He smokes tob'/much.' Drinksj too mnch. He sleeps btoUly, Bis heaTth" seems giving way: : He- had a fit at Salisbury. He groto-pteirer and poorer.1 He has been Wsih" toa/dn / to foe-awnbtokePr.", There were,fuahy -entries of that kind . in' thia?inaDeUtoPs boto. : — . Hln'Irindob itr Eppetedi thst he usually steyef/at rbertaih ' hotels , of the second \- class at foe W est ,End. -But it was noted that' he occasionally occupied-a room in /E bumble' lodging-house in the Bloome- bilify qaarter, /adjoining the Bed Lion cqoare. .. CEAPXEE XH. . /Some months/ went by. It was now Christmas 'time : a very cold ChriBtmas, with the snow heavy? upon roadways and rciof— Nature's fees all white with cold— andth'e' wind Whistling and rowing round the street corners vrith a sort of frantic savageness. ; ; luspetoor Ferraby was -still active, foriaflWe close buttoning -op of his heavy overcoat . and the thick mnffling of his neck end chin. - ' Had' the time for action really come at test? After a close conference with' old Mr. Netherston, Inspector Ferraby had eongbt the intfaoritiesat Bond Street ; A warraut wasissqed for the immediate apprehension of Chaclee - Delmar, charged with the mnider of Daniel .Milbonrne.-'' There was great excitement in-the little street in BlooinSbnry ; not only because, of the '.eppearaoce upon the scene of .Ihspeotor Ferraby 'in -& cab accompanied byiwo-poficemen, bntra cry of alarm had aman'froin one of the honees in the" street —a lodging-house. With- one accord all the windows In the neighbourhood seem tb be flung'open, Tegardless of the bitteriy : bleak' weatheV/and clusters of heads, yoiiug shd old,- tidy .tod untidy, forthwith pro- ti-nded. ; "What's the matter f' people asked, their teeth chatteribg in the cold. Some one answered : Weff they'do say as one of Ure. Grimston'e lodgers, the gtotieman in/the back Attic, bas goUe -and' shot 'l)usel£,.! .. Am I too late ? murmured Inspector Ferraby, as he mounted the stairs, j Itwasa lqw-crilinged.meauly-forniehed room, with tattered walla, and an uneven, creaking floor. The light filtered through the snow-spattered window fell npon the bed, and upon the body of Gharles Del- Uiar strtjtched across it. A pistol haa fejlen on the floor beside a p&>! of blood. The . face was scarcely disfigured, but there was a small, dark wound, throngh which the bullet bad- passed, in the centre of , his : forehead. 'Death, it was plain, had been instantaneous. He was half- Undressed ; his cheeks were hollow, and there were aflaep :iiuesrubmit-jfaia white lips, but he looked handsome-still. His face had even gained in refinement of expression.' "Sttch a nice gmtleman as he was," sobbed Mrs. Grimston. "So pleasant- spoken always, and so liberal with his money so long as he 'had any." " Don't ciy," said the Inspector. "Iahallnever.get such another lodger, though I mnat say that if .-he was obligated to- kill hisseff' I ' wiah heVi done it any where else/ It's so uusettling in a lodg- ing-house, And so -hard upon - a landlady, — at Christmas 'time, too, -of to others. But ' what's Christmas time ;to him now, poor gentleman ? %'For the matter of that, what's Christmas time to .a, good many others, that's a'most as poor-and pale and cold and dead as h e is, poor dear !" And she buret' into tears. The Inspector was eyeing tbe floor in quisitively. , - Presently he stooped, and with the help -of- a large closp;knife succeeded in raising a portion of 'doe- Of the boat-da He frinnd beneath it a rusty key. He examined it carefully, -and observed, Es. pe thtust'it 'into his pocket;-" Beyond a doubt; ihelxy of that iron safe" 