JlSlilii BSulkeliug (By Bui,mi.i,uiO Ashton'n circus made a special pny night of their own on tho Saturday previous to the Uompa, ?, usual compensation day. ' 'J a Tho ruin has not done much harm to our roadn yet, but if ,t continues much longor they wiH|^ almost past mend.ng. What shall *o do in iCi case? Look for a now road, 1 suppose Tim diUoront gentlemen who by ollieiul written nuthonty made their appearance at on, Ininnm. mini _f'( ni k tin in »,-. .... \w.. .i_ i , . '* ? r.« w.,iii-vwiuuiUuaU) uii m t'liiicsuav lust lm fore the Bulli high tribunal, wero Ml duly declared out of nrrenrs. y Fancy over 1000 tons of coal shipped frnm Bull! on Monday lust ! Success to the Jisilli Coniim.v is all wo require lo keep things nioviu» here A few years ago we had in'the pit, (not tho p,,I. pit) a Pope and a Bishop, but thnr positions tilol.o not corresponding with their dignity they loft Ihe Managor, however, has dono the best lm could in the emergency, by secuiine the services of Parsons, n Clark, and a little Church (not W enough to hold an organ). a Robinson Crusoe has n notion of entcrins on Friday next, in the Wollongong Kaces fur tho Mayor's Cup, if it is not too full already. Tho recent downfall in the price of buttor has caused moro of a spread in this locality than whon it was 2s. per pound. It. appears, believing that editors know every, thing was a popular delusion, as thu cat ia now let out of the bag by tho editor of the ' Mercury' not boing ablo to tell who stole his cuah- buz. Our Progress Committee don't require vaccinn ting again, but they keep a supply of Aldcrnmniac lymph by them, in case of omenjency. Lieutenant Rose, the great expouur of spiritual ism, is to give an exposition of wonders on Satur day next here. Ghosts aro to bo admitted Thveo jolly follows went in for a go-iis-yon-pleasa match hero tho othor night through the slush on our Main South Coast thoroughfare. Tho iimtch will not bo finished until next heavy fall of rain It is generally considered here that our Progress Committee should send a letter of congratulation to the Amee- of Afghanistan for his recent triumph over Yahoo Cant. Happy to understand that Ciifton will soon bo in nil its glory ngain. May it ever remain so ! The pooplo here aro rejoicing very much over the fow words exchanged between the Budger and tho Ministor for Works regarding the iFlasvarra Railway. Jacob Bays if we could get up n Volunteer Conjj hero, ho would take the saxhorn a»nin. Jim Frow is thinking of starting a tramway between Bulli and Wollongong. 1-Je snya cuauhiu' don't pay unless you get it all to yourself. Quito right, too. 