Lord Brackenbury : A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS, [The right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXXII.— Lettice Leigh. 'PoorPnnce!' Winifred had walked on and on, thinking only of the future, forgetting the present, and taking no heed of the miles. But now, having come to a decision, she paused, looked around, and found herself about half-way to Singleton. Prince knew that there was something wrong, and that his mistress was unhappy. He tore about like a wild dog at first starring; but finding piesently that the gladness was all on his own side, he became sobered, and dropped quietly behind. Being spoken to now for the first time, he looked up with a sedate and puzzled face, and thrust his nose into Winifred's hand. ' Poor Prince ! What will you do, Prince, when I am gone ? ' She stooped; kissed his furrowed forehead; and turned 6lowly homewards. A Brackenbury gamekeeper leading a leash of beagles, and a labourer plodding under a load of empty sacks, were as yet the only wayfarers she had met. She could hardly have chosen a quieter walk. Coming presently, however to a point where two lanes diverged, she found herself face to face with a woman and a child — the woman black-browed, ragged, sullen -looking, with a bundle ? of sticks upon her head ; the child warmly-clad, ruddy, and sturdy. At sight of the lady in black, the wonan drew back,, catching her boy quickly by the hand ; and so stood with downcast e3res, waiting for her to go by. But Winifred stopped, with a look of surprised recognition. ' Why, Lettice,' she said, ' is that you ? ' No reply. ' We thought you were lost or dead. Where have you been all tbe6e years, my poor girl? You look as if the- world had gone hardly with you.'' The woman's b'p quivered; but she still looked down,' silently. ' Are you back at the old place on the Moor ? ' She shook her head. 'Nay, Miss Win'fred,' she said, huskily. 'Once- parted 's aye parted, wi' moorfoik and me.' ?« Where, then, are you living ? ' She pointed by the way she had come. 'You knaw whar Abel Brunt hanged hisself years ? Bgone ? ? Blackpool, they call 'ua ; down agin' the Ridge. Nobody 'ull live there ; so I 'spose I mun bide in't, an' no - rent to pay.' 'That ruin? Why tnere is no roof on it ! ' ' There's roofin' at one end, MisB.' ' Have you been there long ? ' ' Nigh on five weeks.1' ' A dreary home, Lettice ! How will you support ? yourself?1' ' I'se ben harvestin' Stoke way, Miss ; an' since harves tin' 'e ow'r, I' se gone back to th' gimp work. But earning isn't what they used to be ; and the gimp's a hard livio* now, wi' two mouths to feed.' ' And this little fellow — is he yours ? ' She nodded. Winifred bent over the child, and caressed his littlo brown cheek. ' Have you ever been to school, my man?' ehe asked.. 11 Can you read?' He looked up at her with big, wondering eyes — eyes; as blue as his mother's were black. Never were parent and child more dissimilar— she all gipsy ; he all Saxon. ' A' dunno' what readin' means, Miss Win'fred,' said-. the mother, half sadly, half sullenly. ' We'ee lived pretty much on th' tramp ; an' 's never had no leannn'.' 'How old is he?' 11 Fower last September.' ' He looks five, and I'm sure he is a bright boy. You1' must give up wandering, Lettice, and I engage he shalF soon know what reading means ! Tell me, my little friend — would you not like to go to Langtrey school ? ' ' Nay, Langtrey school-house baint for the likes o' he,'' said the mother, wistfully. ' It is for all who live in the parish. Continue to live in- the parish, Lettice, and I will pay for his schooling.' Again she shook her head. ' Nay, nay,' ehe said ; ' we mun' keep ourselves to our selves — thankin' you all the same, Miss. But I wouldna.' like to have un slighted.'1 The woman was moor- bred, and had been reckoned a beauty among the ' dark-folk ' some five or six years - ago. Then she disappeared under some vaguo cloud of ill report, and had been neither seen nor heard of since. She at all events had in her veins the wilful, lawless moor-blood — the blood that would be neither driven nor coaxed; and: Winifred knew that for the present it would be well to press - her no further. ' Well, in any case, you are not going away just yet,' she said, gently ; 'and if you will come over on Monday, we will see what can be done to make Blaokpool more comfortable. There's plenty of old furniture at The Grange ; and I daresay Bridget can look out something in . the way of warm clothing that would cut up for the child,, for winter wear. You shall be welcome to whatever is useful to you.' Muttering an ungracious ' Thank 'ee,' Lottice drew her boy closer to her side. ' I'm a'most feared to ax a'ter th' owd lady,' she said, looking at Winifred's block dress. ' Eh, then, is she gone ? And my lord, too— they tell me a's ne'er bin heerd on more ! Well, Miss Win'fred things ha' gone colly west* wi' you, same as other folk ! You've yer troubles, X reckon.' ' We all have our troubles, Lettice,' replied Winifred. And with this, each went her own way. Auother mile of lane, and The Grange, with its patterned' front and picturesque gateway, gleamed out between the leafless wolnutboughs. As Winifred came in sight, a gentleman sitting on the parapet of the little bridge over the moat rose and went to meet her. He had been a frequent guest of late, coming every day, and sometimes twice a day ; and yesterday he had followed as Miss Lang trey's chief rnourner. Winifred was not taken by surprise to ? find him waiting there. She had more than half expected, him. 'I thought you would, perhaps, come this morning,' Bhe eaid. ?? I much wanted to see you. I am going: ' abroad.' ' Going abroad ! ' ' Yes— to Munich ; and I want to know how far it is,, and how long it takes to get there ? ' Lancelot stared at her. The abruptness of the announce ment astounded him. ' Why, Winifred,' he said, ' you take my breath away f Whom do you know in Munich V ' ' No one. I mean to board in a school. I want to leant German, and to take music-lessons. Perhaps I may enter - an artist's studio. I fancy I have some little talent for modelling— at all events, I should like to try.' Lancelot Brackenbury looked grave. There was a ner vous eagerness about her manner that puzzled and troubled' him. ' It is a wild project,' he said. ' Have you named it to Mrs. Pennefeather i ' ' I have named it to no one — nor shall I name it till all' is settled. In the meanwhile, I rely upon you to help me.' ' What do you want me to do?' ' Well, first to advise me about The Grange. Con yott think of any one who would attend to the place when I anj- gone ? ' ' Yes— that would not be difficult.' ' And can you find out about the schools in Munich ? ' I dare say I could do that also ; but, candidly, I do not like the idea.' 'Why not?' . ' For several reasons — one being that Munich is a httlfl' Bt. Petersburg in winter, and that to-morrow will be the first of December. The city stands on a plateau some u ? M ? , m — - ♦ Collywest: Contrariwise; unfortunate. seventeen or eighteen hundred feet above the level of the eea.' ?'Yes ; I have read about it. The country is sometimes covered with snow for months, and people go about in eleighs with bells. I should like it very much.' ?? I don't think you would like the life in a Bavarian school ; or the society of German schoolgirls, all sausage and sentiment.' 41 Nay, I am not hard to please. If they are kind to me, I shall like them well enough.' ' Then you would feel lonely among strangers in a strange land — you would know nothing of foreign life. Think how you would miss the familiar faces — the old people— the . . . .' She interrupted him impatiently. ' But I want to mi6S them — don't you understand ? The familiar faces and places are all pain to me now. I want to get away from them. If I can but so somewhere far away, and learn new things, and try to forget old ones — that is what will be best for me ! I am more lonely here than I could be anywhere else.' ' But, 'Winifred . . . .' ' Ah, no, you don't understand ! You don't know how dearly I loved her — perhaps I hardly knew it myself ! And now everything reminds me of her. . . I must 30 away.' They had been standing on the bridge ; but as Winifred said these last words, she turned towards the house. '?And for how long?' asked Lancelot, following her. ' For a year. I shall be glad enough to come back to the old place and the old life by the time Christmas comes round again ; but that one year I mast have.' They passed under the gateway and crossed the court yard, where Winifred's white pigeons were industriously strutting to and fro, searching between the stones far any stray grains that might yet remain from their midday feed. ' Shall we sit herep' she said, when they came to the porch. ' It is so dreary in the house.' There was a deep recfiss on each side of the door, and in each recess a seat supported on grotesque brackets; and these seats and brackets, and the ceiling carved with the Langtrey arms and motto, and the worn, uneven floor, and the massive mediaeval door studded with huge nails, and the clustered and twisted columns outside, were all in old black oak. Here they sat— Lancelot trifling gloomily with his riding whip ; Winifred shrinking back into the gloom of the corner opposite. For some minutes, both were silent. He had been telling himself all along that she must have change of scene. He had thought it all out, in fact, and arranged her winter for her in his own mind and in his own way. It was annoying to find her with plans made and matured. ?' You could not Btay here alone all through the winter,' he said, presently. ' 1 know that, of course. .1 came to day, indeed, with the idea of talking it over with you.' She looked up, but said nothing. ?' You know that I have relations in Italy — a widowed aunt (my mother's eldest sister) and a score of Italian cousins, more or less. I have not seen them since I was a boy ; but Cuthbert used to visit them now and then. They are decent people enough, and live in a pleasant part of the country, not far from Fistoja. My aunt always spends her ?winters in Rome. She knows you quite well by name. How would it be if you went to her for a few months ? She would not be like a stranger ; and Borne would be pleaaanter than Munich.' ' I would rather be with strangers— I prefer Munich,' replied 'Winifred, quickly. For she felt that to be among those who would consider themselves privileged not only to condole with her in the present, but to sympathise with her as regarded the past, would be of all torments the most intolerable. ' Then Munich, I suppose, it is to be,' he said, seeing that her mind was resolved. 'Yes.' ' As soon as possible ? ' ' As 6oon as possible. Can I go next wee k ? ' ' I fear not. I think you must make up your mind to wait for ten days or bo. However, I will do my best. As for The Grange, you may be quite easy on that head. X will be your head etewaid, and Mcllor shall come over two or three times a week.' Now Mellor was bailifi for the Brackenbury property ; and she knew that all would go well in his hands. ' Thank you, Lancelot,' she said simply ; ' you are very good to me.'' ' And to whom should I be good, if not to you ? ' He waited, as if for an answer : but no answer came. Then there was another silence, interrupted presently by the opening of the house-door and the appearance of Mrs. Bridget, who came to say that luncheon was waiting. It was, in vulgar truth, dinner; for old Miss Langtrey had been used, after her brother's death, to keep farm-house hours and live on farm-house fare. But Mrs. Bridget had a keen sense of tbe family dignity ; and, finding Lancelot in the porch, she judiciously translated ' dinner ' as 'luncheon.' Winifred rose, expecting him to follow ; but he put out his hand instead. ' Good-bye,' he said. ' I will try to arrange about Munich for you ; but I don't think you will see me back again under a week.' Then, turning to the old woman, ' I need not ask you to take care of your young lady, Mrs. Bridget. You have done that always.' ' Indeed, sir— my lord, I mean— I have tried to do my best,' replied Mrs. Bridget. ' And now, more than ever, she needs all that you can do for ner.' ' That's true, my lord.' And, putting the corner of her apron to her eyes, the old lady retired with a series of curtseys. Lancelot still held Winifred's hand. It lay in his, as cold and almost as pale as snow. ' I can do nothing more for you ? ' he asked. ' Yes, indeed ! — and I had almost forgotten it. Do you remember Lettice Leigh ? ' 'Lettice Leigh?' ' That handsome, fierce-looking girl, who used to live with the Corbishlys on Burfleld Moor, after her father died. She went away some years ago, nobody knew where. Is it possible that you have forgotten her ? ' Lancelot's face darkened. ' I have not forgotten her,' he said. ' What of her?' ' She has come back. I met her just now in the lanes— with her little boy.' ' Ah ! — she has a child ? '' ' A beautiful littla blue- eyed boy, not a bit like herself. She looks very ragged and wretched, and has been leading a tramp's life, she tells me. And where do you think she has gone for shelter ? ' ' Not to the moor, I'll answer for it. When a moor-girl breaks with her own peopie, you know, they cast her out forever.' 'Lancelot, the poor soul has taken refuge in that horrible hovel at the foot of the Ridge ; and I want you to roof it in, and patch it up for her, and let her live in it for life, if she pleases.' . 'What, Blackpool? Why, I was thinking of pulling it down the other day, and only spared it at Coehrane's entreaty, because he wants to sketch it the next time he comes down. By the way, I heard from him this morning ; he wished me to say everything sympathetic on his part. ' I am much obliged to Mr. Cochrane,' 6aid Winifred, absently. ' He is an excellent fellow— and so clever ! I don't think you half appreciate him, Winifred.' 'I beg your pardon ; but I was thinking of Lettice Leigh. May I tell her that she can stay at Blackpool as long as she likes, and that you will make it weatherlight for her and her poor little child ? ' ' What ! spoil Cochrane's sketch and eject old Abel Brunt's^ ghost — the only ghost I have upon the pro *' Is Blackpool supposed to be haunted, then ?' ' Undoubtedly. And nothing offends a ghost, you know, | like patting his residence in repair. Well, to please you, , Winifred, it shall be done.' ( ' Thank you, Lancelot.' ' And now, once again — good-bve.' 'For a week?' ' For a whole week. God bless you.' Her lips moved; but no words came. He lingered a I moment— turned quickly away— crossed the coartvard, and was pone. ' \ Still elie stayed in the dusk 01 the porch listening. Shs knew that be had gone round to the stables. Perhaps she hoped that he would come back for another farewell. If so, she waited in vain ; for presently she heard the sound of his horse's hoofs in the stable-yard ; then fainter as he rode round by the bark of the orchard and across the bridge ; and then— no more. Chapter XXXIII. — Was it Hoxoue, ob Love. Winifred battled bravely through the long weeK of Lancelot's absence, even summoning: courage to po to church that first miserable Sunday, and weeping quietly under her veil when Mr. Fennefeather preached his funeral 6ermon. What made it harder to beaf, was that it was a week of Visitors. People who had rarely taken the trouble to call when Miss Langtrey was alive, hastened now to profess i their regret that ehe was dead; and the old courtyard I echoed daily to the unaccustomed sound of wheels. Many '? and various were the vehicles, ranging from the modest one- horse chaise of the neighbouring parson to the county magnate's big old family chariot hung with fringed hammer cloth and bedizened with armorial bearings. Nor were there wanting visitors of the humbler sort ; wives of tenant farmers, and poor folk from the cottages round about. All these, when she was in the house, Winifred received in person ; enduring the patronising sympathy of her Grace and her Ladyship, and listening as gently to the old crones who Bet their lamentations for ' thp missus ' to the tune of their own ailments, as to the parsons' wives who enforced their condolences with quotations from Scripture and sage counsel as to the wearing of flannel. ' If they would but leave me in peace ! If they would but let me be miserable in my own way ! ' she said, making her wail to Mrs. Pennefeather. ' They mean well ; but they all put on the same face — they all speak in the same voice— they all say the same things ! I am sick of hearing that ' Afflictions are blessings in disguise,' and that ' Whatever is, is best.' How can her death be a blessing, ar.d for the best ? I dare say I am very wicked ; but these worthy people enrage me, and make me rebellious ! I Ions: to remind them that there are times when everything is for the worst, and to tell them that I hate all this pretending and preaching ! When your good husband came to me and pointed out how that it was God's will to take her ; and that because it was God's will I must submit and bear my loss— when he said that, I knew he was telling me truth. I knew that he himself believed every word as he uttered it. And that did me good — that gave me strength — that com forted me. But these people pity me, and patronise me, and preach to me, as if I was a child or an outer barbarian ; and it drives me wild ! ' To which Mrs. Pennefeather replied with a shrug, that Winifred's visitors were a pack of idiots, and that she had better be ' out,' if more came on the same errand. *' But I can't be always out,' said Winifred, innocently. 'I do go out, and stay out, as long and as often as I can ; and even so I get caught. Yesterday, just as I was coming home— and it was nearly dusk — Lady Forbes's carriage overtook me ; and she came in, and stayed an hour.' Mrs. Pennefeather gave her an odd look. ' Ah, my dear,' she said, ' what would become of s ociety, if every one was as literal as you ? ' ' Nothing would induce me to let Bridget or Joan say I was out when I was at home, if that is what you mean ! ' exclaimed Winifred, with a flash of sudden scorn. ' Nor would they tell a falsehood, if I were so base as to wish it.' Mrs. Pennefeather laughed aloud. 'You use very big words for very little things, my child,' she said, airily. ' All the world understands now adays that ? Not at Hooie' is a civil way of saying one doesn't want to be bored ; just as ' I have the honour to remain your obedient servant ' means that the writer looks upon himself as an infinitely bigger man thin the person be is addressing. These are accepted euphemisms.' ' I don't know what you mean by ' euphemisms,' ' said Winifred ; ' but they sound to me exactly like false hoods.' And although Mrs. Pennefeather was at some pains to explain that a euphemism was a kind of indispensable verbal oil which helped the wheels of the social machine to work smoothly, Winifred was eo ignorant and so obstinate as to remain unconvinced. At length Saturday came again — the Saturday on which Lancelot was due at The Grange. ' I think you will hardly see me,' he said, 'before this day week.''' Those were his words. Had she not repeated them to herself a dozen times a day ever since? And now here was Saturday. It had been long enough on the way ; but it was come at last. And Lancelot ? She did not once ask herself ' Will he come ? ' but only ' Will he come early ? ' ' Will he come late ? ' That he might for any cause be a day behind, was a possibility that sever once occurred to her. She would as soon have expected the sun to put off rising. However, he did not come early. It was an uncertain, stormy day ; and the weather kept visitors away. Midday passed, and the afternoon hours struck at intervals that seemed twice their ordinary length. Never had time gone so slowly. By and by, as the day began to darken, she put on a thick shawl !and went into the garden. Here she walked 6lowly up and down, watching the ragged cloud drifts as they coursed across the sky, and listening to the wind among the trees. It was not a cheerful garden at the best 'of times ; and now, all dusk and damp, with dead leaves rotting in the paths and bare boughs dark againBt the sky, it looked forlorn enough. The old summer-house, too, was fast falling to ruin ; and the sun-dial was long since broken. ' Poor Cuthbert ! ' Ay, poor Cuthbert ! The place always reminded her of him. It was there they sat. It wa.6 there he put his betrothal ring upon her finger. That ring was locked away now. She had not worn it yor years ; she should never wear it again. It had passed into a relic. All at once, she held her breath and listened. Surely she beard something? — a faint, indefinite something that came and went with the wind, and resolved itself presently into the measured beat of galloping hoofs ! Then her heart gave a leap, and she went round by the cherry-orchard as far as the little gate that opened into the courtyard. Here she waited; and still the galloping hoofs drew nearer. Then they echoed under the gateway, and Lancelot rode into the courtyard. He made straight for the porch ; dismounted ; and in the act of dismounting, saw her whero she stood. ' Did you expect me ? ' he asked, throwing his reins to Reuben. ' Yes ; I was sure you would come.' He smiled. ' Then your faith in me was greater than my faith in myself. I scarcely hoped to do it in the time ; for I have met with all kinds of delays, and, to crown the whole, something went wrong with'the engine a mile to two this side of Birmingham, and the train was two hours late. However, here 1 am ; and before dark, too ! You are coming in from a walk ? ' ' No — I was in the garden.' ' Then shall we go back to the garden, while I tell you about Munich ? ' He said this, because he had observed, or fancied he observed, since Miss Langtrey 's death, that Winifred liked better to talk with him out of doors than in the house. 'But you are tired— you would rather come in and rest?' she said hesitatingly. ' Not at all. I shouldn t mind walking all round the moors before dinner.' His appearance contradicted bis words. He looked pale and fagged, and he was splashed from head to foot. ' I am ashamed to appear in this plight,' he said; ' but the roads are rivers of mud.' ' You come direct from London ?' ' I come direct from Munich.' ** From Munich ! You have been to Munich ? ' ' Of course. Where else do you suppose I was, all this past week?' ' I did not know — I did not think. I suppose I con cluded you went to London.' ' Aa if it -would have taken me a week to go to London and back ! No ; I went straight to Munich, and from Munich have come straight back again. Don't look so horrified ! It is by no means a long journey ; and as I said before, I am not tired. And now tell me— are you still in the same mind about going away ? ' ' Yes ; in perfectly the same mind.' ' Then I have found a home for you. Not in a school — I went to a dozen schools, without seeing one in which I thought you could feel happy. This is the house of a Protestant pastor, one Dr. Kreutzajann by same, whose family consists of a wife and two orphan nieces— simple, quiet* folk, all of them; homely in their ways, and thoroughly lespecfable.' And then he went on to explain how the nieces, being heiresses on a modest scale, had been brought up by the Kreutznianns, who had no children of their own; how Frau Kreutzmann had a brother who was an architect and knew all the leading artists in Munich ; and how, by his help, Winifred might readily obtain any introductions she pleased. As for the house, it was a substantial, old fashioned dwelling, once a farmhouse, and stood a little way out of the town. ?'A regular Bavarian homestead,' he explained, 'like the Noah's Arks of the Tyrolean toy-boxes, with over hanging eaves, and rows upon rows of windows with bright green shutters, and over the door a fresco of Saint Christo pher with the infant Christ on his shoulder. Then there is a garden, which will be pleasant in spring; and as for winter, I don't think it can ever be very cold indoors, for there are gloves in all the rooms, and the walls arc three feet and a-half thick.'.' ' It sounds like a rural Paradise! ' ' As for accommodation, there are some twenty rooms in the house, several of which are unoccupied. I went over the whole of them— apple-chambers and all ; and I saw a little suite of three rooms at the end of a corridor on tbe third floor, in which, I think, you could be comfort able.' ' Three rooms ! What should I do with three rooms I want only a cell to sleep in.' ' 1 beg jour pardon. If you study Art, you must have a 6tudio ; and the end room will make a capital studio. And besides your studio, you must have a bedroom for yourself and a bedroom for your maid.' ' But you don't suppose I should take Bridget to Munich ? What would become of The Grange ? ' ' What, indeed ! No — I am perfectly aware that you cannot take Bridget to Munich.' ' Nor Joan ; because of the dairy ! ' ' My dear Winifred, I never dreamed of transplanting either the venerable Bridget or the blooming Joan. You must have a Bavarian maid — in fact, you have one already.' ' What do you mean? ' ' I mean that you could hardly make the journey with out an attendant, and that a maid will add greatly to your comfort in a household where the mistress is her own cook, and the young ladies wait at table. You have no idea of the primitive way in which these worthy people live.' ' I have lived in that primitive way all my life,' said WiDifrcd. ' It will not be new to me.' 'Dear child, you can do in your own home what it would be unbecoming you should do in any other. I could not possibly allow you to wait upon yourself at Dr. Kreutz njann's ; I have,' therefore, engaged an attendant for you — a good soul named Christine, whose mother was Frau Kreutzmann's foster sister, and whom I am sure you will like.' It was now so dusk that he did not see how her colour came and went during this apparently simple speech. Neither was he conscious of having said anything calcu lated to produce that effect. That he should think for her and act for her, seemed to him the merest matter of course ; but to her this protecting forethought was wholly new and unexpected. Even the tone of good- humoured authority in which he spoke, touched her with a wondering delight. It was so good to feel that there was still some one to take care of her ! ' You are not displeased ? ' he said, finding that she madfl no reply. ' Have I taken too much upon myself ? ' ' How Bnduld I be displeased ? How can I be anything but grateful ?' 'Hu6h!' he said, quickly. 'That word is out of place, Winifred, between you and me. It pains me.' ' But you think of everything ! ' 'That is not wonderful. It only shows that I have a little common sense and a moderate amount of experience. I am, of course, anxious that you should be comfortably lodged, and properly cared for.' He paused a moment ; then added, hesitatingly :— ? ' As anxious as if you were my own sister.' Did the words chill her, or had it turned colder? The dyirg dusk, at all events, was suddenly extinguished ; the sky became black overhead ; and it began to rain. ' Here comes another storm ! ' he said. ' We must run for it, or we shall be wet through before we reach shelter.' They quickened their steps , bnt^ they had scarcely reached the house when it poured in torrents. In the porch he put out his hand to say good-bye ; but she would not hear of bis going till the storm was over. So they went in ; and Bridget served them with coffee in the oak parlour. ' I see you now for the first time,' he said, when the old woman had lit the candles, and left the room. ' Heavens ! how ill you look ! ' She looked ill, indeed; her eyes unnaturally large and ringed round with dark circles;* her face and lips blood* leEEly pale ; and in the expression, not of her face only, but of her very hands, there was a worn, spiritless look that struck him with dismay. ' But I am not ill— at least, I think not,' she replied. ' I am only tired ; and — lonely.' Still he looked at her ; and the more he looked, the more he vras troubled. ' Yes, you are right,' he said. ' The sooner you get away the better. Of course, it is lonely — horribly lonely. I suppose I have not realised it till now. Poor child ! ' ' Nay,' she said, forcing a smile, ' the Grange has been besieged by visitors all the week. But I am very ungrateful. I s'hould have been thankful if they had stayed away, or only sent cards.' ' How soon can you be ready ? ' 'For the journey?' 'Yes; for the journey.' ' Immediately — at two hours' notice.' ' But have you no purchases to make ? — nothing to do in the -way of preparation ? ' ' I think cot. At al) events, if I want anything I will buy it over there.' 'But for travelling? Remember, it is winter. You will want furs, rugs, travelling wraps.' She shook her head. ' It doesn't matter,' she said, indifferently. ' I have a cloak ; and Bridget will find me some shawls. Besides, I should hate to go into Singleton, where I have never been without — her.' The last word came with a sob. ' It is very foolish,' she said, brushing a tear away. ' I shall be better by and by ; but— but it is my first great Borrow, j ou know.' ' No,* Winifred — not the first ! ' The blood rushed in a torrent to her face, so white the moment before.' ' No, no,' 6he said, confusedly. ' I don't mean that, of course — not altogether, at least ! But no one was the same to me as Aunt Hester. . . . not even Uncle Stephen. As for Cuthbert— that was not like a Budden blow— not as if we had known for certain ! ' ' It \ras worse than certainty,' he said gloomily. ' It was worse, in one way. And yet one could not mourn as one would have mourned, had it been certain. I mean it was a different kind of sorrow. You will not misunderstand me, Lancelot? You know how much I owed to his goodness— how I honoured him.' .... 41 Ay, but it was honour— not love ! ' ' Lancelot ! ' Their eyes met ; fire in his— alarm in bers. ' Forgive me ! ' he stammered. ' I ought not to have said it.' Then, finding that she was silent, he added hurriedly, almost defiantly : — 'But what 'does it matter? I have always known it. The words have been on my lips a hundred times before, and now at last they have escaped me— that is all ! And, dtar, why need you mind ? Why look so distressed ? You would have loved him, if you could. I know you tried to school your Leart ; but it was of no use. The fault was not yours. How could you help it ? What woman ever yet ioved a man merely because he desired to be loved, or because it was her duty to love him ? Love comes unsought — unbidden — unsuspected.' . . . lie took her hand — the hand that felt so cold and looked so ir red. She drew it quicklv away. ' I was not worthy of him,' she said, tremulously. 1 ' You cannot reproach' me more than I reproach myself.' ( ? ' Heavens and earth ! Winifred, I am not reproaching you. I do not even reproach myself; though God knows there have been times when . . * . ,' ' Hush .' ' she said, interrupting him. 'What is past is past. Let us only remember that you are his brotiier, and that I am going* away. I think the storm is over.' This was eaid with a dignity, a decision, that .silenced and almost abashed him. ' You are right,' he said, confusedly. ' I beg your pardon.' Then, after a pause full of embarrassment to both, lie said : — 'lam going now ; but before I go, can you give me an 1 idea as to when you will wish to start ?' ' Can I go on Tuesday?' ' Certainly — when you please.' 'But what must I do ? Where must I go first P ' ' You must go first to London, and thence by way of Paris or Brussels. But leave all that to me. In the mean while, what about Christine, your maid ? Would you like 0 have her over here at once, or shall she meet you at the tation?' ' What do you mean ? She is not in England?' ' She is by this time at Old Court, having tea, I dare say, with Church and his wife. I knew you would require hor on the journey.' Again her cheek was warmed by a momentary flash — a flush of surprise, or pleasure, or gratitude, or perhaps of all hrce. But she only said very quietly : — ' Thank you ; I think I would rather be met by her at ihe station.' ' Teiy pood. The express goes at forty-five minutes 4~- past nine, ar.d reaches London in time for the mail-train to Dover. Will it fatigue you too much to go as far as Dover the first day ? ' ' Not at all. I should like, if possible, to go still farther.' ' As far ae Calais? Well, you will see when the timo comes. And is it to be on Tuesday next ? ' s ?' Yes.' ' Then I will meet you, with Christine, at Singleton Station, at twenty minutes before ten. Till then, good-bye.' She 'put out her hand. She longed to say something more than ' good-bye ;' but what, she hardly knew, To thank him seemedall at once to have become strangely difficult. So she said only: — ' Good-bye.' 