1hor]eBst?t of e'crsonaltion" a Ohost. A IPOAcTetAL joke lats been releted to us (iI'at?nua ll'cuqt ,ifdrerliaer), the trtithi of which is beyond q1ueOisti. A youth liviig not a thionriiiid nliles froni hlro was invited by. his eonflre relatives to visit hthei ctthtleirrurah hotteslead. Fired hty a desire to hlave a few days' rccrititino, lit thoWIl youth sacoyed, full of lleasure atid delight, t lproceted tohthe bush. A.?rivlng Iot tihe hlirtnstet:, hl, wias weleoied with real lush cordilaity. Aiter the dillolOu of tea a 'posotlln hnllt woe Iropeosed to the violtor, nlld at once acccpted. 1'roctcdiltg a low hundred yards away from the honue,. olhuntdneoto of oport wans soon fontied, nid 'Iiosiiiu after 'possunti fell i :le itground with ii tiuod. to tile delight of tfie visitor, wirei wen cotnplhieotpgl d upsou Icingo reel crock. So pleased was hlt with blie success tlht lie e.?lrcist Iln hlmself acs agoin iatxioiio to go out. tle lcxt evenifeg. ifis friends, noticiiig the grstllleotftio with whl,·h he eiijuoyei 'ptssiii-s hldttneg, defernilned that hlo should havC CeouIgh of flthe port. It won therefore irranged that otto of thlelr ntumber ohoulf clitub n tree, tatl. elsvcred wItihat shleet; slttiuld personatef a ghost. I[ lvig thus arrnIt:ed lireliminaeries for the practicfl joke, they loaded their visi.tor's gitit only with powder. l'recvding tf thie hlush. 'lliessuis were knioceltd down init quIck euccoef~ion by tliem solses, which thley prrononut.d i difficult shots," witil tile ditihcl t inidereltsnit Inll that they wotuldi get their friend IL good siet prescntly. Thlat time wes net :og ~lufore it arrived. All of n sudden one of tlhet sercitineitd "lost I ghlosti ghost i" cnoi com tiletiecd to rnit cwny a ishnrt dihisfance. tnrnieg to th. ir friend, tlhy eaid, "Youtr eun is loaded; fire und let lilnt lave it. Deatll ieeredhishieotontr."thtty cried. Ott this exclamation iieinctig uttered the efsitor turned ronttid, sitd liresetinl" ihis gus, fired at tile aspposed ghost, whlo hal lie thle rotfailone dcceelndcd from tbln tree. But ot cltne tfle ghost atll I cs it approached the townsm.aiini, the litteridroppedin a swoon. Seeing to wit ia pace niatters hlid come, they approached their visitor and tried to revive hinit, bit to no purposce. Assistance wits obtaitnedi, and he was crriled to the homnesteiud, where hle had to remain fully six weetos before he wae pronounced conuvale cent. It is scid tlhtit tecdical attendauacr &c.;, cost flie country young genttlemian over £30. 