POPULATION AND LAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Judging fiom tho late at which population has in cieused hitherto, it seems fair to assume that 38 years will see Australia supporting a population of upwards of ten millions IhiB must mevitaoly enhance the value of land , and if we derive a just income from Crown rente ia the interim, it is very probable our public debt will increase no faster thnn at present Our expendi- ture would have to be within the income, and the ouly limit to expenditure us a nation is ver) much what it is with the individual-tho powm to acquire. Ihe rents obtained for private laud are out of all proportion to those of Crown land Tho appraisers have a salvo for their consoiences-the tonuro-which seems capable of eui ing the most sovere pricks Let the tenure be altered tor some ot the runs in the north-western parts of the colony at first-as suggested m your issue of the 9th current-and we remove this apparently insu- perable barrier to just valuation-totally altering at the sumo time the present system of valua- tion, substituting an open court and sworn witnesses To mako ugnculturo profitable a farmer should be within some scoro of miles by a bush track of a market, of a rail- way station, and oven tho railway station must not be too far awav from a centre of population In New England a low years ugo a present of flour was sent from Armidale to the Maitland hospital At that tim» wheat was worth about 2s It was used to feed pigs« there waa so much that growers were at a loss what to rio with ft. The railway will no doubt improve matters, but they wert very little better m Muswellbrook a couple of yean ago, notwithstanding rail communication. In Tamworth, millers refused to buy some wheat at 2s , and would not even let tho owner have storago room for it And except for agri- cultural purposes, what necessity is there to sell Crown land f John Stuart Mill says a land tax is equitable, and, of course, gives clear reasons, but, of course, the tax M to be-' in proportion to that placed on other property. In all humility, it appears to me that we cannot look at the matter m that light, and that it would be much mora satisfactory to reserve that land from sale till it was wanted for a higher puipose than to sell it now at an unjust valu» -by reason ot the timo being mopnortune-and afterwards, as an after thought, tax it at its then value It would be impossible to tax it juBtlv. Landowners would be a class, a »until and weak class, and it would be impossible to forget that a few years previously that land had been sacrificed It would bo impossible to tax the land justly and popu- larly Lord Palmerston could not humbug cloverly enough for that, and most of our legislators would be 'of rapid tropical growth The spectacle of Victorian politics is not so very agreo ablo that we should adopt a policy calculated to produce similar results We should have anothor Graham Borry bm sting up the big estates-unseemly to onlookers, a spec- tacle ot restitution, a potent démoraliser The difficulty that intelligence and morality have to contend with in human aflmrs is augmented by tho innate desire to feel that might is right Trom tho cradle the hrst difficult lesson to teach is the rights of property in the nbstract Even with oivili/ed nations the sentiment is often uncontrollable Look at tho Prussians Was tho ludeinnity nght, or wus it an evidenco of might i It is no present advantage to a squatter to buy the land where money is so valuable, and if robbed of the prospec- tivo value by probablo taxation, he is working against the gods ; ho had botter pay a fair rent on a lease of 38 yeal s. Ho would have loss personal annoyance and anxiety, and more time to devote to his more pi opor pursuit. Tho Bcnse of ownership of land m this country has not the charm that is generally supposed undor the conditions of squatting. It has rather tho opposite tendoncy-it is a semrco of unnoyanco mid anxiety ; it institutes ouo continual drain on tho purso and temper, tho dopth and strength of which is always uncertain, suggesting possibilities _ still moro severe than those in existence. Men go squatting to moke money, and would profer doing so in tho easiest and most pleasant way. Moat landed estates pass from a family in this country very quiokly ; if the second generation hold it, most probably the third do not. Thom is no law of entail. * To hold it in families for generations is as difficult in this democratic community as any other property, and it is therefore no moro to capitalist« than any other property, and what is more, it fluctuates-the country land-quite as much. The value of land depends vory muoh on tho seasons in n country notoriously subject to droughts ; those seasons ara depondont on the winds. If the value of land dependa upon the diroction of the wind what can wo expect P Sir Charlos Cowper was of opinion that land in this country would never bo valuable, because there was so much of it. The valuo of grazing land would not depond1 on the quantity if from that an export could bo obtained suitable for on inoxhaustible market ; it would then not bo practicably superabundant, and would depond on what could be made out of it ; it would depend on the value of the export that could be raised on that land less the cost. Really rich agricultural land, however, situated near pre- sent probable futuro contres of population, is not plentiful] in this country-at least in the coast districts, where the climate is suitable to agriculture. A station so situated that extensive selection is probable,, brings in the market tho value of the sheep, in some case* 10s ; another, where selection ii not likely, brings SOiv perhaps leaving 20s. as the value of the run. Suppose V aores to be occupied por sheep, equivalent to 6s. per aore^ and at 5 per cent, means about 3d. per aore rent-eight! times the present minimum- ascertained, shall we say,/ through tho influenoo on tho minds employed of the tonnt» and the ghost of other days. Tho tenure is taken «to coiisideiation by the arbitrators, but totally ignored by ths purchaser of the run, the man who has, after anxious con-i sideration, to put his hand in his pocket for scores of! thousands of pounds porhaps. I used to think, too, that if¡ men were as judicious in their choice of wives an of station» It would be a social advantage. Both these rons ara assessed bv the same gauge. Aro wo to suppose they ard tarred with the ono brush r The excessive purchase of land has temporarily ceased somowhat, through the notion of Mr. Farnell, bnt mainly through the drought of '75, '76, and *77, which spread raia far and wide among great and small holders. Another drought this year would aggravate the effects, if we have it"' and will dolay operations by capitalists in land purchases, as it will prevent selectors from foioing the necessity of such purchases ; but this will not last long, we will soon recover, and with the impetus an export will import there will soon bo a scramblo for the land, under perhaps the moro tempting allurements of ohoap foreign money. And now it seems a peculiarly opportuno time for soriouslv con- sidering the lnrjro amount of capital that will bo requirod to reap tho full advantage of tho liberal railway policy of Sir Henry Parkes. I am, etc., ARROW. 