A Guf.at Fenian Cuusee. Many iuonth9 ago Mr. Holland, a teacher at St. John's school, in Patersoo, N. J., began to coustruct a submarine boat. He selected an isolated spot on the Passaic river above the falls to prosecute his work unmolested. The news wsb soon cir culated about the neighbourhood of what i the schoolmaster was doing, and many < curious persons visited the spot. But no thing could he learned about the boat, and the schoolmaster would give no in formation. The construction of the boAt was continued, and experiments were inade with it, but no one witnessed either except a few close niouthcd persons, among whom was a tall, affable gentleman, who admitted that he was payiug the bills for the inventor, and to rid himself of the visitors, he caused to be aunouueed that on a certain day he would give a test of ! the working of the boat. Many post ponements followed, until one day, when a large number called to see the promised , experiment, the boat was found full of water, and it was said that the test had been made on the previous day and the boat had proved a failure. Recently the schoolmaster disappeared from his favour ite haunts, but curious developments have followed. The trial, it was said, was a success ; the supposed capitalist, whose name was concealed, proves to he John J. Breslin, the Treasurers of the O'Donovan Skirmishing Fund, and the abseut schoolmaster is now in New York building another and larger boat. The opinion prevails in Paterson that it is a dangerous craft to he employed in de stroying British vessels of war when the contemplated strike is made for Irish in dependence. The Irish a Subsr People.—James Red path, whose letters from Ireland to the Chicago Inter-Opean are now attract ing atteution, writes: " Now, I assert, from my personal knowledge, and from the concurrent testimony of hundreds of priests in different parte of Ireland, as well as by other trustworthy evidence, that excepting on very rare occasions, such as fair day, the Irish peasant rarely drinks at all. On fair day he does drink, because it is the custom of the country for tho seller to treat the buyer to a drink after the sale of sheep or a cow. The charge that the Irish peasant is a coustant drinker is a gross and cruel calumny. Of course there are a few rash, foolish creatures who are an exception ; but, as a rule, the Irish pea sant is temperate, both from necessity and from religious influence. Drunk enness is exceedingly rare in rural Ire land." An English bachelor saw a handsomely dressed young lady on a Boston street and was told that she was the daughter of a wealthy merchant. He became ac quainted, and the girl knowing the wo man who watched the interests of au ele gant house whose owners were at the sea shore, was permitted by her to receive him there. She also gave him dinners there, hiring waiters. She told him that her parents were in Europe. He proposed, was accepted, and found that the wife he had won was a shop girl. We have just learned of another acci dent with machinery that occurred a few days since at Moro, in Lee county, which : has 110 parallel in either its horrifying details or its terrible consequences. Mr. Virgil 0. Blighaui, a prominent merchant at Moro, owns a steam gin and mill in the town where he is doing business, and his little daughter Pearl, a beautiful little I child of six summers, walked down to the | gin with some of the servants to summon j the operatives to dinner. The child had : beautiful, long, flowing curls, which were I the pride of her parents' hearts, and had I been preserved for years on account of ! their splendour. Alas ! those beautiful I tresses were the means of dragging that innocent child to a horrible and untimely I death. In passing under a shaft of the ' machinery the child's head came close to aunt which projected a little below the | shaft, and it caught in her hair, and by 1 the rapid revolutions of the shaft she was ! instantly drawn against it, and in the twinkling of an eye she was whirled into the air, and before her screams for help could he heeded by the engineer, her little form hid spun a dozen revolutions and : been whipped to death by the ponderous machinery- The whole scalp was torn | from the head, her litnhs were broken to pieces, and her body torn and mangled in a most horrible manner. Edward Hawkins, a boy eight years old, from North Carolina, is lecturing in Central Kentucky. His object is to get cnoui'h money to secure au education. In response to a note purporting to come from tier new lorer, a Richmond (Ind.) girl put on her best bonnet and went to meet him at a designated street corner. There she found a female rival, who pounced upon her furiously, Bnatched the bonnet from her head and tore it into bits. Two men met on Sixth-street, Detroit, and began threatening and calling each other names. One finally called the other a liar, and the two were about to 1 grapple when a woman opened the door | and said : " Gentlemen, are you about to | i fight ?" " We are !" they answered to [ gether. " Then have the kindness to , wait a moment,"' she continued. " My j poor husband has been sick for weeks 1 and weeks, and is now just able to sit up. He is very down-hearted this morning, j and if you'll only wait till I can draw I him up to the window I know he will be grateful to both of you." She disap peared into the house, and after one look into each other's faces the men smiled, shook hands, and departed together. A dressmaker in Minneapolis, whose ( lorer recently parted from her most ten i derly, pined for him until her reason was ! unsettled. He had set out for a business I trip, and was expecting to return in a short time ; bat she conld not wait. She started for a walk along the railroad track, and became possessed with the idea that she was communing with his spirit. The ghost told her who he was and related the circumstances of his death. The ghost conversed with her freely and told her not to be frightened. She went home, took a good deal of strychnine, and died. According to the Americus Republican* some of the people of Sumter county have been experiencing the excitement of catching a wild horse lately. It says :— "In Wednesday's issue we stated that one of the Texas ponies had escaped and was off like the wind. For several days parties tried to catch the animal, but all efforts were in vain. One man chased it a day, trying every artifice that could be thought of, but gave it up at night, we believe. On Thursday morning three or four gentlemen mounted their horses and started with hounds to catch the horse, and, after running the eutire day, suc ceeded in lasseoing it late in the evening. During the chase the pony would fight the dogs with its feet and snap viciously with its teeth. One dog was killed, the owner of which said ho would not have taken two hundred dollars for it. One of the gentlemen engaged in the chase says the pony ran two hundred miles, and for speed and bottom beat anything he ever saw or heard of." A question of interest to physicians is before a Baltimore court. Dr. Thomas Shearer, a practitioner ill good standing, attended a woman who had been hurt by falling down stairs. He said that she was suffering solely from heart disease, and treated her accordingly, but without helping her. Then she was placed in ' other doctors' hands, and they found that she had a spinal injury, of which she was speedily cured. Dr. Shearer sent in a bill for §100, and she refused to ; pay. Thero seems to he no doubt that ' iiis services had no good result, yet he claims that the mistake, if he made any, I was not due to incompetency or careless ness, and that; he should be recompensed j just the same. He takes the ground that no physician can guarantee cures or | guard against an occasional incorrect ! diagnosis. | Leprosy exists to a considerable ex tent in the parish of Lafourche, La. An attempt to make au official investigation J was lately resisted with arms, the lepers : and their friends believing that the sufferers were to lie isolated on ail island in the ocean. The report of the physi cians is that the disease is not gaining ground. 